I ordered food delivery from here with high hopes that it's going to be great (seeing the 4 star yelp review) I'm not an expert with Indian food but the food here just doesn't taste right. I only ordered my only two Indian food dishes I usually eat and it just doesn't past the taste test. This review is going to be short and straight to the point - don't order it.1. Chicken Tiki Masala (Mild) - It almost tasted like water with over cooked chicken. I can barely taste the spice or anything. For the cost of $17, I don't think 9 pieces of chicken was right. Not only that, the rice that it came with was over cooked with no flavor and lacks that "smell" all Indian rice has. I have no idea how to describe it, but I'm guessing the chef just bulk cooked everything and didn't really care what was in there. 2. Saag Paneer (Mild) - The cheese was not cooked right, I don't know how to describe it but it lacks the smoky flavor. The Saag was very watery and they added some kind of weird spice to it which gave it some pungent smell that I've never really experienced before. I had to throw this away.It was a complete waste of money and I am sad to write this review. Others may have different opinions but this place is a no for me. I may also have the "American" tongue so this review might not be useful for those who are looking for an authentic Indian restaurant to visit.
I've ordered delivery a couple of times with Dhaba and the food is always so good even after being taken on a bike for 7 blocks.As for dining in, my friend and I came here for some much need Indian cravings on Sunday night. The decor of the restaurant is modern and dark. The waiters were very attentive and kind. They never let out water glass stay half way empty!As for the dishes we ordered 3 curries, Chicken Kali Mirch, Chicken Tika Masla, and the Dal Tadka. We also ordered garlic nan and they gave us complementary rice (which I think should be complementary when you order curries). All the curries were so GOOD. My favorite is still the Kali Mirch, its a bit spicier and creamer (not a tomato based sauce) than the Tika Masla and it is just so flavorful. I definitely recommend that curry!
Was around the area and passed by Dhaba so we stopped by to eat here. One of my favorite things that they had was the garlic naan, it was so good that we had to order it a second time. We had a variety of curry dishes with shrimp, chicken, and fish and every one of them was delicious. The waiters were very tentative and answered any questions that we had. Atmosphere was great and we were able to enjoy our visit there. Would definitely recommend if looking for Indian cuisine.
Born and raised in the sub-continent, my expectations for Indian and Pakistani food are quite high.Dhaba came close to meeting those expectations as far as the taste of the food was concerned. But I have had better in that neighborhood.What I was not enamored with was the cold and curt attitude of the wait staff. It was as if we were an imposition on them. But you know what thats how people from the sub-continent treat people who they assume are from the sub-continent. Shame on you guys.Okay food but unacceptable service
Service is pathetic and food is average. Nothing exciting to talk about. If you are looking for authentic Punjabi food, don't eat here. Dhaba is a "dhabba" on the name of the famous roadside eateries quality food. Sat and waited for almost 40 minutes before our food came. Other folks who came after us were served their food before us. We ordered medium spicy lentil and it came soul burning hot and mind you as an Indian I can handle hot food. But this was something different!!And then the server comes and drops the check at our table without even asking if we want to order anything else or desert. Very poor service!
Love their food. Best Indian for the buck. My place to go when eating Indian in the area.
I stopped bothering with the other Murray Hill joints after my first trip to Dhaba. On Mondays, I order 2 meals and a side -- "to last me through the week" -- which it never does, because it's way too delish.It's less oily and mushy than some other spots, which is what really takes the cake for me.-1 star for them always being impossibly confused when I come to pick up my online order at lunchtime. Usually takes 5-10 minutes for someone to help me even though the order is ready.
I overstuffed myself at this place at the lunch buffet today...excellent food, great service and experience and value. For $17 (I'm including tax and tip that I paid from the $13 base) I had a choice of chicken tikka massala, biryani, lamb, and eggplant among others. And I had multiple baskets of delicious warm naan, in addition to other random delicacies they came around with a la carte like fried potato with these vibrant sauces and roasted tender chicken with a spice rub, so even though there's not a ton of stuff at the buffet table (maybe 6-7 choices including a dessert), there's other stuff they come around with as well. The inside is kind of weirdly shaped, I thought there was another room in the back but the kitchen is right behind the buffet table, which is at the back wall of the place. They have assorted spices as decor on the wall in jars for ambiance. The food, in my opinion, was very tasty, had a nice flavor and all the meats were tender and well spiced. Waiters seemed pretty attentive as well with clearing used plates off the table, etc. I'll definitely be back
A few friends had come to visit in the city for a weekend, and we were looking for a good place pretty late at night, and this place really delivered the goods. Things started off a little rocky since they said appetizers were no longer being served; the samosas and a litney of other items looked quite tasty, so I guess I'll have to go back to update this review at some point.I ordered from the British curry section of the menu, getting boneless lamb with the Madras sauce. Very good, the lamb came boneless as promised, and the sauce complimented the flavors of the meat very well. It was a flavorful blend of spices that weren't too spicy, and also not excessively creamy/savory. I was slightly confused if rice came with the dish, but they gave us a few bowls regardless. Also, the garlic naan is the way to go!
They shaped up... probably still going to do the same trick next time but right now it's back to normal.. or at least I've heard that from my friend as I would not step a foot in a place that outsource the food to a different vendor.
Delicious, delicious Indian food, but do not come here if you're afraid of spice. This shit's spicy. The menu is super extensive with classic dishes and more uncommon ones. My favorites are:- the lasuni gobi - cauliflower tossed in a spicy, tangy tomato sauce. Probably one of my favorite Indian dishes of all time, and Dhaba's version is deliciously spicy.- the chloe bhatura - one of the specialties here. It's a spicy chickpea curry served with this light, fried bread. The fried bread alone is amazing, but the spicy chickpeas perfectly went along with the bread. Highly recommend trying this dish because you won't be able to try it at most places in the city. - korma curry - a mild, cashew curry. Great to help you recover from everything spicy you're eating.The samosas and naan are pretty excellent here. The chicken tikka masala was less impressive - needed more flavor and meat was a little dry.
Located between 27th/28th and Lexington, this restaurant has been a staple of what has affectionately been known as Curry Hill.  Appropriately named, as soon as you come close to the corner, the inviting smell of Indian food greets your nose.  Because this was a lunch buffet, there's only so much that I can rate, but it was certainly solid.  They had all the traditional dishes, with tikka masala and sag paneer, as well as some more unique dishes like the chicken chili (an ode to the IndoChinese influences) and a lamb biryani.  Naan was plentiful, water was promptly filled and the waiter came by with plates of tandoori chicken and other sides.  All in all, this was a good buffet and if a coma inducing meal was the intended outcome, then it passes with flying colors!  I would come back.
Dhaba is my favorite Indian place in NYC. Takeout here is always good, but my real favorite is the lunch buffet, which is one of the best dining deals in the city.The buffet line itself isn't huge, but it's all good. The selection varies, but there's usually a chicken dish (typically Tikka Masala), a lamb dish, a Briyani, some vegetarian options, and a dessert. If that's not enough, they'll bring even more food out to your table; usually an appetizer and also a Tandoori style chicken drumsticks. The place itself is cute. It's a bit small (especially since it gets crowded) but it's nicely decorated. Service is good too, friendlier than average for NYC. It's buffet, so the staff is free to help bring up the extras and keep water glasses full. Spiciness Note: the food here is always spicy (as in full of tasty spices) but not generally HOT spicy; most (but not always all) of the buffet dishes are mild (or less) when it comes to heat.By only real problem here is remembering not to eat too much - it's all you can eat and everything is delicious - I often come back totally stuffed.(Also - I marked as good for groups but that only applies if you make reservations - otherwise you may end up with a long wait).
This place never disappoints- irrespective of what you order on menu. Lamb roganjosh is my favoriteWill recommend to all friends !
What you need to get is the Chicken Tikka Masala aka bowl of delicious, never ending chicken. Add a side of Garlic Nann and you can't go wrong! I came here an hour before closing but the food was still amazing.
They have no control or policies regarding their guestsKids screaming , jumping running and climbing on tables. Not that they were using them as congos to play their own version of music. Restraunt policy : its all cool. They will leave eventually We left our meal and got out of there and we're still changed for everything. Never coming back here.
Our go to for Indian!!! Our faves...chicken Masala, tandoori mix grill, the cauliflower, the goat madras, lamb vindaloo, dhaal, and so many more! We've been coming here with our Indian friends for years and it does not disappoint! They put just the right amount of heat and flavor in its dishes. Service is friendly. It's like coming home for dinner!
Had Chole Bhature and then a cup of masala tea!!Tea was just refreshing after a long day out in the city
Review just for the Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan, haven't had anything else. Picked up my order on takeout - place was fairly busy and did seem to have some authentic food, which is a plus. However I personally found the Tikka Masala a bit too oily, which was a bummer.Would visit again, but didn't have me craving for seconds.
Sometimes you want to stuff your face with delicious, cheap and filling Indian food. For those times, head to Dhaba for some authentic Indian cuisine at the most affordable price! All you can eat lunch buffet will leave your wallet only $12 lighter. While they have a smaller variety than some restaurants, it is well worth it- they have all your favorites: chicken tikki masala, spinach paneer, lamb curry, chicken biryani and more! The naan is served piping hot. The server even came around each table and offered samplings of a potato fritter and tandoori chicken! Excellent service, superb food, and price to boot- Dhaba is the go to for Indian buffet when you're around Curry Hill!
If this is the last place in NY which serves Indian I would still NOT go back to this place .Let me start by telling how rude the servers are including the hostess . All of 'em seemed frustrated and irritated . About food, I ordered Veg Biryani and my friend the Chicken Biryani. Both of 'em weren't Biryani in any sense . They looked and tasted like curried rice . As if they just mixed the veg/meat with the rice and stir fried it Indian style . My biryani had cauliflower and potatoes of sizes more than normal . This place sucks .
2.5 star experience.Hubby and I wanted tiffin wallah but we couldn't find it, is it closed?So we walked down the street and decided to try Dhaba since we have tried Kokum next door already. Dhaba was crowded with the Friday night after-work crowd. It was loud and crowded and we managed to get a seat in the back.Hubby and I love Indian food and we love the starters with pappadum. Great nibbling on them with sauces because we were starving. We looked through the menu and ordered onion fritters as an app, and he ordered chicken tikka masala and I ordered the malai paneer. We also got naan and basmati rice.For the food, the onion fritters were good, a little greasy and soggy. They came out quick, in about 2 minutes after ordering. We gobbled these up and asked for refills of the pappadum.We were probably 30/40 mins in already and still no entree! Our appetizer was finished and long gone. How did the table next to us that came in and ordered after us got their order and nearly finished already and we haven't had our food??And the worse part--the table next to us has chicken tikka masala too! Did they run out and had to make it from scratch?? We call waiters over twice, they replied it's coming. Still no food. Why?? Waiter said because we had an appetizer. Such BS. Appetizer was finished 20 mins ago and the plate was already cleared. No excuse that something is pre made in large batches should take this long. After complaining we came to conclusion they forgot our order. Hungry and upset, we wanted to leave. The. They came over and changed our plates. Another 5 mins go by. We see the manager pick around the register. Looks like they forgot to put in our order. Finally our food comes out. The naan and rice already cooled. How did this happen? If you forget the order, just apologize and put it in the system ASAP. No need to make excuses saying our one plate of appetizer finished 20 mins ago was holding up the order. The food was just okay. Paneer was not spicy at all despite claiming to be so. The masala tasted watered down, lacking in flavor. The naan was just average. Kokum next door delivers a much better punch of flavor. I much prefer them and the service there as well. Plus our waiter poured water into our mason jars and spilled a little too much on the table and into my napkin. I did not get offered to get a new, dry one.Overall the saving grace from a 1 star rating is a small discount in our bill, plus they tried to comp us with dessert. Didn't really work as we already had our mood ruined for enjoying dinner. I will make sure to bring my business next door in the future.
So disappointed in the lunch buffet.  It used to be amazing with lots of variety and different gourmet-quality tastes.Yesterday, none of the dishes were good- just mediocre.  A few were almost inedible. Even the bread was nothing special.Will not be back again.
Terrible food. Mango lassi was watered down. Food had was tasteless. Definitely don't recommend it.
I come here often for the buffet. Great value for what you get. You can get as much as you like including chicken tikka masala, the green spinach & cheese thingy which actually is edible unlike the other restaurants serving it, appetizers and dessert.
Probably the worst restaurant, I have ever been too. The place is extremely congested, the tables and chairs were so close to one another that my shoulders were only inches away from the person sitting next me. And thats not even the worst part, when my mother and I asked for a different table, they harshly refused our request, by stating that that table is ONLY for four people, whereas we saw two caucasian couple sitting on a similar table, I asked them if the table we were interested in was reserved for anyone else, they said it was not but it was only for four people. So when I pointed to the caucasians sitting on the four person table, they couldn't give me a proper explanation and only started yelling at me, so had to leave immediately . Long story short this place is very very VERY racist, and you would only be treated as a customer if you are white, which is ironic considering the fact that it is an Indian restaurant.
Solid solid food. Took my parents here for their anniversary lunch. After heavy debate of looking at the menu my dad decided we should switch to the buffet for that value move (about $15 per person). The Palak Paneer was some of the best I've had. All the vegetarian options were literally amazing. The one thing that lacked was the chicken tikka masala. It just wasn't as spectacular as all the other dishes. The decor and service here isn't anything noteworthy but it's not slacking either. I'd come back here if I was eating with a bunch of vegetarians. My friend says if you sit down and order you can ask them to make it really spicy. They've been talking about having a spice challenge here for a few weeks now. I guess I'll be back for that next.
A buffet style restaurant, this place has wonderful customer service and delicious food. It get busy during lunch during the weekday but it has a soft and inviting interior as well as a casual eating environment. This place is great for meeting a friend for lunch.
Came here for dinner with a group of friends on a Saturday night.  The place was packed, but we were seated pretty quickly.  We all received water, side sauces, and a thin chickpea bread.  The server came by to state he'd be by in a moment, and didn't come back for another 5-10mins by which time we were trying to flag anyone down to take our orders.  Our server took our orders, seeming very rushed the entire time as if he was doing us a favor by taking our orders versus it being his job.About 30mins pass and the server returns to our table to state that they are actually out of corn bread we ordered and if we wanted to replace it with anything.  It was a bit disturbing that it took 30mins for him to find this out and notify us.We get our dishes and dig straight in.  The chicken tikka masala and saag paneer were very good and had lots of flavor.  Their chicken vindaloo was flavorful but could've been spicier and I didn't care much for the shrimp curry.In the end the prices are on the higher end, which wouldn't bother me if the ambiance, decor, and service matched all of this.  Dhaba is A-OK in my book, but nothing I'd travel across town for again.
My colleague and I came here for dinner a few evenings ago after reading the Yelp reviews. I confess I was really interested in buying spices at the Indian grocery across the street, but one must eat. We did not have reservations but it was still somewhat early on a Tuesday evening (6 p.m.) so were lucky to be seated right away. When we left more than an hour later, there were people waiting in the doorway and the place was packed. We felt very lucky!We shared the dal makhani and the chicken biryani--and there was plenty to share. I'm used to dals coming with basmati rice, so was a little surprised I had to order it in addition to the dal, but it was all reasonably priced so it wasn't a big deal. Both dishes had wonderful, intense flavors. I was able to choose the type of chicken (white v dark meat); the dark was moist and the texture of the rice was light and not sticky as it can sometimes get. I also love when dishes arrive piping hot as these did. What a treat. The raita was a little thin (I prefer it a little more robust), but in my experience every Indian restaurant seems to have a unique version. The service was polite and attentive, although somewhat less attentive as the number of people increased (the usual deal). Overall, I'd definitely eat there again if I were nearby. Although given that we walked there from Midtown, I'd go even if I weren't nearby. A great meal.
Decided to try out some Indian food for lunch today, even with the knowledge of what it does to my stomach after...I wasn't sure where to go exactly because there are so many spots in the area and everyone has different preferences when eating out.  I decided to check out Dhaba because it has good reviews and it looks like a cute place to be.I went with the Lunch Buffet so I could try some of everything.  It was amazing and was only $12.  The service is pretty decent.  The food tasted authentic and delicious.Would definitely go back.
It's not spacious .. Food was not tasty very bland ...Try patiala rose lassi it was good. Butter chicken was not at all spicy. The person who served us food seemed lacked energy and smile.
Dhaba is my favorite Indian buffet in curry hill. They change up the selection fairly often, and the food quality is second only to bhatti (it is close). It gets busy at lunch but if you get there at 12 you can get in and out in less than 30 minutes.
I am a regular there. Love there food & drinks aswell. Their mango martins are the best in town. The yummiest part... the complimentary fried Papad & chutney. Just love it!!! They make yummy garlic naan. Nice friendly staff.. A must try spot for some fun Indian food!!
We went to this place two days ago and we were four people. Three of us got sick after eating the palak paneer they were serving in the afternoon buffet. We didn't feel like eating until next day after having lunch here. Avoid this place at all costs.
May b the place was good before, but is not any more. Firstly, the ambience was not good. Coz of the acoustics, it was too noisy - and i could barely hear was my frnd was talking to me. Secondly, The restroom was a nightmare. Finally, the food was sappy. The only pro is that the prices are reasonable.
Average to below average Indian food.  Their naan (plain and garlic) and onion kulcha had a weird texture and were too dense.  Tried two of their paneer dishes and dal makhani, all of which were just ok.  Mango lassi lacked flavor and was below average.  Somewhat pricey for what it is.  Wouldn't return or recommend to friends.
Its damn noisy place. No one can order without shouting.. food is ok, but you enjoy food when there is nice ambience, i went looking at rating and it was like a fish market. Highly disappointed. Nice dinner forget about that. Make sure nice crowd is sitting before you take your booth!
Been here numerous times, altho hadn't been here recently until this last visit. Saw some recent reviews that gave me some concern, but I went last week and it was just as good as I had remembered.Did the lunch buffet, it's varied and has a couple worthwhile dishes. Has a little bit of spice and they come around with tandoori chicken as well (altho not nearly often enough imo). Service is okay. I asked one busser if they had any hot chilis and he said they did up at the buffet station. I went and checked as I figured I overlooked it, and nope, none. Asked another guy there if I could have some, he said he'd bring me some and never ended up getting them. Anyways, it's well priced, it's tasty, its ayce, I'm a fan, although going back to the office in a food coma is a bit rough.
Western looking atmosphere, nothing traditionally Indian. Mixed patrons. Located next to 3 or more Indian restaurants.  Polite service but they were too attentive with refilling our water that it was a bit distracting. The Jhinga Keema was phenomenal! It was spicy in a perfect way! The chips were not free!!! The garlic naan was so tasty. The green lamb meat was tender but not spicy enough. However we mixed it with spicy shrimp so the spiciness of the two dish just balanced out. This is, by far, the best Indian restaurant I've been to! I had such great experience here!
mediocre at best,with all the competition around them you would think they would want to step up their game.No problem,like I said I will just go next door!
Average Indian food but WAY overpriced. I ordered the Bhuni Gobi Muttar- cauliflower and peas. There was far more peas than cauliflower, for starters, and secondly, it was TINY--considering that it was $14! It was also super oily and super salty! Boyfriend had a chicken kabob and roti that were just OK..he was still hungry. Honestly, not too impressive. Won't be back.
The best Indian food I have EVER had (and I've been to India!). Just delicious, especially the chicken tikka masala. I make a point to go here whenever I am in Manhattan. A little hole in the wall place that is always packed and always has warm amazing food at the buffet. Fresh naan that melts in your mouth and the softest chicken tandoori ever!
Great buffet option for lunch and the food was very great. I am pretty well-versed in the Indian cuisine, I can confidently say that this food was excellent. The selection was OK they could've had a little more salad options or maybe samosas that I typically see in most Indian buffet's however the Indian staples that were there were very well done and it was very affordable.
I had heard some good things with regards to their lunch buffet and was not disappointed!  Really delicious lunch buffet food options. There are waiters that walk around passing out plates of food.
I was not impressed at all with the quality of food included in the lunch buffet. The dishes were average and not up to par compared with similar options in the area. The variety of dishes was also somewhat limited compared to other places. The decor of the restaurant is worn and tired looking. Service and price were fine/reasonable. Will not be going back here.
So I checked this place out because Jando, my community manager for Yelp wrote a stellar review for it so it must be great. I've only dinged a star because of the long wait for food but other than that, getting a table was fairly easy. I came here for dinner on a Saturday night. We ordered a mango lassi, garlic naan, tomato based paneer and some type of korma.  I love my bf's dish. It was sooo tasty. Everything was perfect and we were stuffed. I got to come back for the buffet!
What I ordred: Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb DahiwalaI am not exactly a connoisseur for Indian food, but I enjoyed the flavors at Dhaba very much! Everything is fresh and flavorful. The spices are just right. And the prices are fairly decent. It was not very crowded when I went (which was surprising, especially because I went on a Saturday afternoon), and the servers are very friendly!I do recommend both dishes mentioned above, although the Lamb is a little bit sweet, so if you prefer savory, go a different route. But definitely a must go!
Absolutely appalling appalling customer service. I ordered seamless yesterday, waited over 2 hours for my food to arrive cold and it was the wrong dish, after all that and I was already home. They said I could order anything I wanted tonight. I ordered something which was cheaper, been waiting an hour, phoned up yes he's on his way, no he came back as he didn't have your number (note I called the restaurant several times confirming the delivery guy had my number) then they said its on its way but didn't know my address!!! And now they hung up on me and not taking my calls. Awful awful service I shall be complaining to seamless. DisgustingI hate them. Just ordered another delivery after the total disaster last time and 2 hours later still not delivered!!! Aargh!
Yummy food with deep flavor. Great service. Loved it.
Delicious Indian food, place is pretty crowded and loud. Food is authentic and there's a huge variety on the menu. We got the creamy chicken kabob and a lamb curry, cooked perfectly.
Had Buffet...Nan's were below par...thickest bread I have ever seen...can improve cleaning...standard stuff...but dal & chicken overdone with masalas... came here...after reading reviews... not sure who is writing, but you can do much better elsewhere...
High quality buffet at a reasonable price.I went to Dhaba with the desire to get my fill at an Indian buffet.  What Dhaba lacks in high variety is made up in spades by quality.  Some of the best chicken tikka masala I've ever had with a perfect helping of naan.  The rice pudding was a bit thin to my taste, but everything else was perfect.  I'm definitely going again and bringing some friends along.
Their lunch buffet is the best in the city.  No bland food here.  The chicken 65 is oh so tasty.  You don't expect buffet dishes to be this good.
It baffles me why Dhaba is so popular.Yes, I think Dhaba's food is pretty good for the area. Is it worth waiting for a table when neighboring restaurants can seat immediately? Is it worth paying a premium of at least $15 for an entree? Is it worth sitting so close to the next table that your elbows bump? Questionable.My go-to dishes are chicken kali mirch and bindi gosht, and they've never disappointed. Unfortunately, the portions are tiny and you need order a grain separately. I don't know why it's such a common trend in Indian restaurants, but why do they get to charge so much more for their food and make their portions so small?? AND they charge at least $3 for a portion of rice. I have almost never had to pay for rice at a Chinese restaurant, and if I had, it was only a dollar or two for the entire table.I will say the pre-dinner papadum is a nice touch. I appreciate nibbling and dipping these crisps, although I usually eat way too many pieces throughout the night.Despite this rant, I'll probably find myself back at Dhaba in the next couple months. Team dinners inevitably end up there and hey, if I'm not paying, I'm not complaining.
In NYC, you can grab a chopped salad for $11. Yuck. Get your money's worth (and do some good for those taste buds) by dropping $12 here at Dhaba for the lunch buffet. Be warned, it gets crowded fast, but if you score a seat 11:45-12:15, you'll be the first on line for a half dozen or so Indian dishes. The dishes range everywhere from lamb biryani, to chicken tikka, to  saag paneer and beyond. They cover all the bases. To boot, they bring around a big basket of naan and tandori chicken legs to every table as you dine. Perfect... though, it really wouldn't be 5-stars unless the food was good... and it totally is. Tender chicken in the tikka, great flavors in the other dishes and blanket warm naan. So come here for a (relatively) quick and cheap lunch with all of your Indian favorites. Bring someone that is scared of the word curry and watch as they become enamored with the cuisine.
The food is exceptionally good here but it has to be because the service is brusque and borders on harassing.  The waiters are not friendly and they try to clear your plates before you're even done eating.  Come for the food but expect very rude staff.  Their English Indian dishes are superb,  if only their manners were. Dishes we love include the lamb saag paneer,  chicken Do Piazza garlic naan and the especially good bread roomali,  which almost makes up for the a-hole wait staff.
On a snowy night, I came here with an Indian crave but I wasn't satisfied. Mulligatawny Soup - not creamy, good taste for being a first timerAloo Gobi Samosa - over load of mushy potato which is great for potato loversGarlic Naan and  Chili Onion Naan - Great texture. I wanted more garlic and spice. Vegetable Curry - not spicy even though there was one hot pepper, lots of peas!! Not worth $14. Chicken Malasa - seems pricey for the portionLemon Rice - Ginger. That's the best way to describe the taste. Pada - very oilyThe service wasn't slow. They were on top of the water refills and asked frequently how the food was.
From the moment we were seated I was excited to see what Dhaba had in store. The aroma of the spices filled the air and made my mouth water. The food definitely did not disappoint! We had the paneer pakora, and aloo tikki chaat to start. Not sure what the green dipping sauce was for the pakora but it was so good. Then we had the chicken tandoor, the malai marke paneer, regular basmati rice, and the cheese nut naan. I have to rave about the chicken tandoor; it was juicy and so flavorful. I just wished one order came with more than four pieces!!! The naan was probably the best I've had. Really fluffy. An exciting and delicious food experience. I would def come back to try other things on the menu. Good for a date or even for groups.
I'm sure this food is good without meats being overlooked and overlooked when you come at a non-buffet time.Too gringoified to offer proper flavors with overcooked meat imo.
Came here for a quick dinner on a weekday night and was very impressed by the delicious food but less so by the slow service. It took forever for us to even get our waters and we basically memorized the menu by the time the waiter came over to take our orders. Food: Since we've been sitting and waiting, we noticed a delectable smell wafting through the air. Upon closer investigation, it turned out to be the tandoori chicken which is served on a hot plate. We ordered that along with the lamb curry and some garlic naan. While waiting for our food, we munched on some delicious, crunchy pappadams. Although the tandoori chicken takes awhile to cook (it says 20 min wait on the menu), the wait is well worth it. The chicken was tender, juicy and flavorful. I would highly recommend it. The lamb curry was delicious as well; the curry was very fragrant and the lamb itself was falling-apart tender. Overall, I would come back for the food but the service definitely needs to be improved.
The lunch buffet at Dhaba's is a must-try. They don't have the greatest selection for a buffet, but their quality of food is superb. On top of this, Dhaba's atmosphere is really trendy. I'm definitely going back to check it out again.
Came here on a weekend, probably one of the coldest days of 2015. It's a small place but we managed to get a reservation on the fly.Can't remember anything that I found particularly mind blowing but it was solid.Pav Bhaji under the Street Cart appetizers was pretty cool. It's a bowl of mashed vegetables with these two buttered buns that were fluffy.The Patiala Fish Curry was one of the recommendations. The salmon was nice and tender but the sauce tasted more like tomato sauce than curry.Dhaba Goat Curry was okay. I think there's a lot of potential here, maybe I just dind't ordered the right things.The Garlic Naan was excellent.
We called ahead and got a reservation for nine people on Saturday night. Everything went smoothly.  We ordered a lot of food with a lot of beer. For a crowd that size they offer pitchers of beer, which was a good idea. Because there were so many of us, two people were the designated orderers for the group. They chose standard Indian dishes like chicken tikka and saag paneer, and there was a great lamb dish. We also got several veggie dishes, like cabbage with cumin seeds and cauliflower and potatoes. Nothing exotic, really, but everything was delicious and had its own unique flavor profile. Even the dal, chutney and pickles were delicious. Spicy here means flavorful, not painful. No complaints about service either, which was well handled for our large group. Our bill totaled just over $200, plus the tip, which averages out to under $30 a person. You can't beat it, given the quantity and quality of the food.This was some of the best Indian food I've eaten in a long time and I'll be back. Make sure you make a reservation if you have a group, because the place was completely filled when we left at 7:30.
The food was great but the service completely ruined the experience. The server was disinterested and unfocused. He didn't write the order down and as expected when dinner was served we were missing a dish. I asked the manager about the missing dish and he called the server who instead of offering an apology tried to convince me that I didn't order the dish. Following which he offered to have it at our table in 5-6 mins and not to my surprise it took 15 mins for it to show up. And not even a pretentious apology for the mix up.
This is by far my favorite spot to come for lunch. The food is so yummy and the service is super friendly and attentive. I am a regular and treated so well each and every time I come in. Love their Vindaloo and the lunch buffet is just an unbeatable deal. They truly deserve all the praise.
I was conflicted over giving 3 or 4 here. It's definitely higher than 3, but I can't say it's a full 4 for me. 3.5 is more like it. I came with a buddy for their lunch buffet which is solid and comes with fresh naan brought table side. They also come by and give you a piece of Chicken Tandoori. Keep in mind that you can ask for more and they will bring you more without any added charge. The buffet was a great deal and the atmosphere is more upscale Indian and the service was good. This area has a bunch of Indian places to try and I would come back here. I'd want to sample some of the other spots first though.
#Terrific lunch buffet. #Tasty. They come around and give you #Tandoori Chicken. Only thing I wish they had on the buffet is #salad. Is salad Indian food?
We went late night after a concert and were promptly told there were no appetizers, just main dishes. Cool. I had the lamb vindaloo and my friend had the chicken tikka. Both were very good. I've had better naan though. There was what smelled like cigarette smoke inside the restaurant which was annoying. I had THE BEST Riesling I have ever had (and I've had a lot) here. All in all, it was very good!
Great stop for a lunch buffet. Everything was freshly made and hot. Service was very friendly. I'm definitely coming back.
Amazing lunchtime buffet value, especially given the quality of the food. I took my mom here for their $12 lunch buffet. They had the standard rice dishes, along with a good assortment of 5 curries (featuring all the typical favorites: chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, lamb korma) which were all done well. What knocks this place up to a 5 star, though, is the fact that they bring out fresh orders of naan to your table, and also go around with fresh, moist chicken tandoori! Indian buffets usually have really dry tandoori so I appreciated that.The restaurant is small - tables are almost touching. However, the place is clean and modern looking inside.
Excellent chicken korma, pity the delivery took over an hour especially with such a short distance.
Probably some of the blandest Indian food I've had, plus gave me one nasty case of indigestion. Everyone in my party was equally disappointed. Place was packed with mostly young, professional millennials who wouldn't know good Indian food if it hit them in the face-hence the very high ratings. Go to Queens for real Indian food and don't waste your time or money here! Needless to say, I will not be back.
Ordered curry goat. hm, it's ok. But the lamb meat can be more tender. I know a very small African restaurant that can cook tenderer lamb meat!But the curry taste nice. Anyway, a bit too far.
A longstanding lunchtime favorite for the $12 all-you-can-eat//impossible-to-dissapoint buffet, I've expanded my visiting hours at Dhaba to also include evening jaunts. Chicken Tikka Masala likely keeps these guys on the map; certainly a favorite dish amongst American diners, the Tika Masala here delivers everything that could be desired - tender and fantastically seasoned chicken chunks, rich creamy sauce, and a very mild, very tolerable spice.If you're looking for that same tender/saucy combination, and don't want to get too adventurous with the curry spice possibilities, Aunt Zarin's Lamb Dhansak is an exceptional stewed lamb dish with lentils, and packs a cumin-tinged spice that satisfies without cleansing the sinuses. Naan, rice, put it on anything - it's wonderful.
Stopped here for lunch after a parade.  Was very crowded, but the wait wasn't very long at all.  Food was delicious. No one at my table had any complaints.  Two curries and an order of naan was perfect amount for all four of us.
Very flavorful dishes and buttery naan, though we didn't try the curries. Instead, we went for a cauliflower dish and an okra dish, and were told that they were "dry" dishes. It was nice that the waiter informed us of that since we had ordered naan (usually dipped in something with sauce). Service was great though they were topping off our water jars a bit too often, so they can scale that back a notch. Would definitely return to try some more of the extensive vegetarian menu!
This is the best curry in NY without a shadow of a doubt. I was recommended this place by a friend of mine and it was da bomb.The naan is really good and each curry dish was done superbly. Ive hit a few curry joints in Manhattan and Dhaba is by far the best.Ive had a lot of good curries in London and this one is on par with them. Will be my go to curry house.
Dhaba came in recommended from friends and yelp. Alas, I couldn't find the same experience :(.Decent decor and dimly lit, Dhaba is a nice looking restaurant.They promptly served papad with chutney. Papad was crunchy and fresh and chutneys were good too. We hogged on to them and reordered multiple times. Mango Lassi was quite good too. So we had a good start and looked forward to the food.We started with chats. Dahi papri chat had no bhallas and it used the thin long crisps instead of papri. It's pretty common practice at chat places here and taste was alright. But the aloo tikki chat was subpar. Tikki too dry, over fried and didn't feel fresh or rich. The chole on top wasn't good either. We ordered Sham savere from appetizer. I checked twice if it was 'not too much gravy like the curries'. I was told only 'light gravy'. It turned out to be a plate full of orange gravy with just 1 kofta cut into 2 in the center. Multiple members of staff told us - 'it's always like that only', 'the menu described it', 'yes it's like that although it's an appetizer', before a I got angry and returned it.We skipped curries and went for Biryani. Biryanies sucked!!!. The rice was small and broken. There was so much caramelized onions that it tasted too sweet. Veggie Biryani had uncooked veggies. Chicken Biryani had undercooked chicken pieces. The ones cooked had the spice only on the surface and completely bland inside. At one point the lights were dimmed so much that I could barely see my food clearly.the service was okay'ish. Attitude poor. Long review, low recommendation :(.
I don't get why anyone would like this place. Soup is chalky and flavorless. Tandoori chicken is dry. Garlic naan is the best part, but still pretty average.
Look, my mother's cooking sets the standard for Indian food, and this place is as close as I'll get to home. Even impressed my Dad which is notoriously difficult to do with Indian cuisine! Fantastic chaat, prompt service, and wide selection of mostly Punjabi dishes. Also several wonderful vegetarian options on the menu. It's a small place so I imagine it's not advisable to show up on a weekend? A lot of people seemed to order out. Ultimately I highly recommend this restaurant and will bring friends in the future!
Came here to meet a friend. We were both very excited and dying to try some yummy Indian food. We both spend time reading the reviews and we're looking forward with it.The ambiance of the restaurant is nice compared to other Indians restaurants I have been to. It was a little snugged when sitting down because it felt like some of the tables were to close to the others. We sat towards the back to stay away from the entrance what was cold. The wait staff was a bit pushy in that they barely give you time to review the menu before they are on you about placing your order. We had a waiter come to us at least three times before we finally ordered. The menu is very intense and this is why we took a while to order. We settled on sharing some samosas and paneer pakora as well as an entree of chicken  tikka masala and a side of naan.  I was a bit disappointed in the food. Not only was it over priced but our entree of chicken tikka masala came with no rice you had to order it separate which for the price of $16 I'm sure the could have soared a small bowl of rice. The food was nothing to rave about I have had better in lower Manhattan. The samosas were a bit cold in the middle and not as tasty a bit dry. The fried cheese also was missing some kind of sauce to dip it in. For a drink I had a mango margarita which was tasty and not too sweet but lacked some alcohol. It tasted more like a mango spritzer than a mango margarita. Not sure where the tequila was. My fiend had a glass of red wine and it came in a nice big glass at least that was worth the $11. We did not get dessert as we were never offered a dessert menu instead they kept coming to our table cleaning every little thing up making us feel rushed. We eventually after like the 4th guy came by to check on us we decided to leave. A good hint is not to rush people out I might have ordered another drink or tried one of their desserts. It was not even crowded or had people waiting for them to rush us out. I wished I could give them a 3.5 star.
last night came by for the first time with my date, who recommended this place. i love indian food and i was initially excited. we arrive at 6...the place was not packed at all, almost empty. the moment i sat down....i was bombarded by 3 different servers and was asked if i wanted anything (honestly, it was all within 5 minutes....no exaggerations). we just sat...give me a second to look at menu. i ordered a bottled beer, my date ordered a draft. his glass came with fungus that was on the side of it (looked like it was from improper glass cleaning). we returned the glass. we ordered a shared appetizers of the samosas (they werent the best, but do-able) and i ordered the shrimp curry, he ordered the chicken tikki masala. i didnt like the curry in my dish - lacked flavor and was seriously bland. his dish was good. i always tip 20% but literally hesitated here when i did...still did despite the feeling of being rushed every single second. what was up with that? it ruined my entire experience here.
Yum yum! This place has awesome Indian food to say the least. Came here with friends one night and ordered the chicken tikka (I know super basic) and it was excellent! The nann was awesome too. Everyone at the table loved their meal. This place is dimly lit, and an intimate setting. Great for a date night as well. Would love to go back!
The menu was not what one sees in most Indian restaurants (they have a separate section for "Across the Pond" fare), which was a good sign.  And the food my friends and I had was very good.  And the place is attractive.  However, the noise level, though not the worst I've experienced, was uncomfortable and made it difficult to communicate with my party or with the waitstaff (who were all pleasant).  We could not tell whether the waiter was telling us certain breads or rice came with the meal or were simply suggestions, for instance.  The food was placed in front of the wrong persons, but we figured it out.  If not for the decibel quotient, I'd try again, but what's the point of socializing if you need earhorns and megaphones?
Up for some amazing Indian food? Diggin' fresh tasting ingredients? Want a mouthful of authentic flavors?Dhaba is the bomb. Ordered the fish curry, chicken curry, naan, roti and papad. The curry was jam packed with flavors and the meat, especially the chicken, was cooked to perfection - so tender. The naan was fresh and the papad for appetizer to snack on made the start of the meal a delicious journey.We came here for dinner on a Tuesday night near 10pm. Although it was late for dinner, the food was still fresh. Nice lighting and a good feel to it too without strong smells filling up the room, which I like. I can see me taking someone here for a date if craving Indian, but never going to happen since I sweat like a pig eating anything remotely spicy (yes, I used like an entire tree for napkins, but w/e. It was good!).The only thing that didn't wow me away was the roti (pretty basic compared to other places I've had and a little bit on the hard side for texture, but maybe because it wasn't the roomali version). The price was a tad bit on the high side too for the naan and roti but worth it for the curry.If you happen to be in the neighborhood or wanting to adventure with Indian cuisine for the evening, I highly recommend giving this place a try!NOTE: The best part was the chutney - green mint chutney and brown tamarind chutney specifically.
I have no idea what is an authentic Indian food but if all my Indian friends are saying so it must be true.
DO NOT GO HERE!!! If I could give negative infinity, I would. Have never had such bad experience in all my world travels. Really pathetic hostess with no manners. Pathetic is not a word. Completely unprofessional attitude. She had no idea of what's a queue and how to seat customers or to talk them. She bypassed us twice to seat someone who had just shown up. They seemed like junkies and offered her something and she made them seated right away. REALLY!!!! Last time over 6 months ago when I brought my friend who is from Switzerland here and he developed severe nausea vomiting and diarrhea after eating the food here. Thought it might be just one time thing so wanted to give another try. Pathetic food, grilled chicken was burnt, and spice level was extremely high. Pathetic service by waiters also Please DO NOT GO HERE and save yourself time and money . There are tons of nicer Indian based restaurants in this neighborhood. These people really need to match the standards. It would be interesting to see how owner/management responds to this!!
You can't go wrong here. The food is typical Indian-American i.e. Chicken Tikka Masala, Vindaloo, Cheese Naan etc. However, in my experience, it's better than most of the surrounding restaurants in the area and with a friendlier staff and well thought-out interior. Easily one of the best options in "Curry Hill".
I went to Dhaba with a bunch of colleagues after work and since I am new to the city I was pretty surprised. Moving here from Boston, I am always skeptical of a place when I am told "Oh that is the spiciest Indian food you'll ever taste!" This almost always result in one of the two things:1. The food is bland and they just make it salty as hell2. They "customize" and make your food so "spicy" that it is not even edibleI was pleasantly surprised when the food tasted exactly as it should. They didn't overcook it, the oil wasn't floating on my curry & I didn't need water every 5 minutes. Pretty authentic stuff at not so bad of a price. That in my book is 4 stars. I am taking off one since it is not the poshest of places but well, it is called "Dhaba" which in Hindi means a "Roadside restaurant" so I maybe a bit unfair here.
This place has OK food. Navratna Kaurma had raw pieces of pineapple and veg biryani should never be ordered here. But CAN NOT go with a family. It's small and super crowded which is fine, most places in NYC are like that but people have manners and have some courtesies. I was very disappointed because people who were dining next to us (group of 6) were super annoying and loud, and I wasn't able to hear any of my family members talking in a normal tone. I was little upset because my dad would hardly agree to eat out in NYC and had to sit next to these obnoxious people, we told the staff working there who could have told that group politely to keep their volume down a bit but nothing was done and our dinner was ruined. When the surrounding is bad, you can't peacefully enjoy food so I would highly request their staff to be more accommodating.
It was OK, not spectacular. Tandoori specialties were good, but the lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala were lackluster. I was disappointed mostly because I just expected more from an Indian restaurant in an area with so many Indian cuisine options. I will not return.
Four stars for the food, one for the service and zero for the ambiance. On a Friday evening, felt like I was sitting in the middle of Times Square and eating my meal. Diners jostling each other, servers crashing into you as they dumped the food on the table, tight, cramped spaces....came away with a splitting headache. Now onto the meal: The food was splendid, really as good as it gets in terms of flavor and value for money. Tried the veg samosa and sev puri from the veg apps and both were pretty good. Also got the chicken tikka and it was really well done. From the main course the 'sarson ka saag' & the chicken kali mirch stood out. The chicken came in a creamy rich curry that was spiced just right.The chicken biryani was a bit of a disappointment - bland and lackluster, lacking the punch that a traditional dum biryani must have. If you can brave the crowds, definitely give Dhaba a shot (perhaps a weekday evening?). And yes, leave the kids at home.
This is my new go to Indian buffet. I work on the 6 and this is 2 blocks away from the 28th stop. Dhaba has all the staples - chicken tikka, saag paneer, basmati rice, lamb birani, yogurt, daal and they exchange a couple of dishes depending on the day. They have servers who bring chicken tandoori drumsticks to your table and aren't stingy with refills. Standard naan basket too. All you can eat lunch for 13.01 excluding tip - you'll be full for the rest of the day.Yesterday I saw some guy sit down for lunch and ask to order off the menu.. Like what are you doing with your life, guy? The buffet is a much better deal with more variety and you can get your food like immediately. C'mon man.Wish they had samosas though. Both times I went, I didn't see any.
This place is great. The food tastes amazing and the price is very reasonable. I really like their lamb curry, a little spicy but I was able to handle it, but then I don't usually eat spicy food. Once again I highly recommend this place to satisfy your Indian food cravings.
I ordered delivery to my hotel through Yelp (which ended up being Seamless) to get my comfort food fix after a long day of focus groups in the city. I got the Paneer-Tikka-Type dish (can't remember what it's called), the Aloo Tikki Chaat, and a Salty Lassi. The Aloo Tikki Chaat elements were actually way over spiced for me, to the point where I was feeling heat instead of tasting the food. When I ate a portion that was mostly covered in yogurt, though, I found that the tikki itself was really bland. It helpled cool down my mouth, but wasn't very tasty. The paneer dish was mostly good - the paneer itself was in a really delicious, gingery marinade/paste that coated the pieces. However, the paneer was not browned at all, as if it hadn't even been in a tandoor, though it was in a section clearly labled as tandoor dishes. Lastly, there was a mix-up with delivery and I did not get my lassi (which would have helped with the heat of the channa masala and chutneys on the chaat), so I can't comment on that, but I don't blame that on the restaurant. I did find that the food was only warm, not hot, by the time I got it - not sure where the fault lies there. Overall, don't think I'd try it again unless I was in a pinch like the other night (the only Indian place that delivered to where I was - seriously, you have to be under half a mile to get delivery in NYC? My Inner Midwesterner is coming out to scoff yet again...)
Came here for the lunch buffet. The food was really good and had some of my favorite dishes. Naan was great! Often times I find lunch buffets to lack spiciness but they did not disappoint. I got 2 plates of food which was probably more than I needed. But it was worth it!
One of the best Indian Restaurants on Lexington Avenue. Their food is lip-smackingly good. We tasted Paneer Methi Malai and chicken Kali Mirch with Chili Naan. Both the gravies and the Naan were just phenomenal. Although I was a bit disappointed with the Rumali Roti which was kind of brittle.
I made a reservation through my OpenTable app for this place.  Lo and behold, we arrive, sit down and immediately there's a new email from OpenTable:  "Dhaba has canceled your reservation."Were they trying to save the cost of my 100 reward points?  Ridiculous.  Is this a thing that restaurants do?  I was quite annoyed.(Otherwise, the food was fine, not the exceptional.)
Read the reviews and was excited to try this place. We walked in on a Sunday afternoon and were able to get a seat right away. We tried the buffet and I thought it was just ok. Nothing extraordinary. For 15 bucks a person, you can get better Indian food in the City.
I came out with a group of friends and accidentally stumbled upon this restaurant at about 10:30PM.  We wanted some of the grilled/kebab entrees, but this restaurant stops serving appetizers after 11PM.... naturally, they consider all tandoor cook items appetizers.... bummer.We ordered a roomali roti, garlic naan, chicken tikka masala and a goat biryani.  All the items were good for the most part.  The biryani wasn't really biryani at all. It tasted more along the lines of a seasoned rice and they added in a few pieces of meat.Didn't try any drinks, but the pricing was relatively cheap.
Dhaba is a tasty stop for Indian food. They have all the traditional favorites, chicken tikka masala, etc.Try the onion bhaji for an appetizer. The battered onion is quite good with all three sauces they provide. The curry is flavorful but does not come spicy by default. The chicken is incredibly juicy!The rice and naan do not come with the entrees, so remember to order them separately. If you like a loud dinner spot, Dhaba will be a pleasant experience. If you prefer a more quiet and intimate dinner, Dhaba may disappoint. I would return! (The most important information from any Yelp review!)
This is a review for the dinner only. Our experience was okay but I thought the prices were high for the quality of the food. None of the entrees came with a side (rice/naan) which I thought was weird considering the price of their basic offerings. The service was good but I've definitely had better options for dinner in the surrounding area. Now reading the reviews I feel like I should check out the buffet. Hopefully my next time is a lot better.
This one is a sad turn for lovers of authentic Indian food.We used to eat here at least once or twice every month. The place always used to be crowded and loud. Everything was forgiven because the food was so good and consistently too. Lunch or dinner. Dish by dish you could vouch for consistently good taste. At times when the wait was too long, we used to think about not coming back the next time. But no, we're always back.That was until last year. Things then started changing. Favors and spices got diluted. It got so Americanized that you could get makka ki roti served White (no pun intended).
Over the years, we have dined at Dhaba too many times to count. Dhaba appears to have changed ownership. It has joined those so called "HIP" Restaurant where music with a high bass is played. That makes everyone talk louder to those at their table, ETC. The high level of others talking loudly to overcome the music has transformed Dhaba into something unpleasant. We will not return.We dined here on May 20, 2014 with a party of four adults. The quality of the Chicken Tika Msla, Shrimp Curry, Basmati Rice, Garlic Naan was still very good. But due to the high nosie level, we must cross Dhaba off our list.
Average. Garlic naan was really good. But I don't remember having a bad garlic naan anywhere. I had saag paneer, which was too spicy (though doesn't say in the menu), hubby had chicken tikka masala, didn't love it. Friend ordered friend eggplant dish, it was delicious. The salty lassi was good too. The service was flawless. But in general, for a place with 1000+ reviews and 4 stars, I was expecting top notch food. Not impressed.
Oh yes! This is one of my favorites in New York and have been several times for dinner. I'm not sure how authentic it is, and it might be a bit on the pricey side, but it reminds me of my favorite Indian restaurant in England, and you won't leave hungry or disappointed. As with any Indian meal, I always start off with a mango lassi. Then I order one chicken dish (usually butter chicken), a lamb dish, a vegetable dish (usually saag paneer), naan, and rice. All of these are good choices at Dhaba. The service is friendly and efficient, and I like the dinner ambiance. I'd love to try their all you can eat lunch buffet as well and see if that's as good as their dinner. Mmmm, I want to go back now...
Indeed one of the best Indian food i have had in the city! ... The place can get very busy on weekends - so dont forget to reserve a table beforehand. There has been plenty reviews about the food - so I will skip that part. But I will mention that the service is awesome too! There are several indian places in the city where the food is average - good .. but service and attitude is ridiculous ... but definitely NOT here! .. The waiters were attentive courteous and smiling! .. and the food ..simply mind blowing!
Good food .. we came here around 10pm, ordered boneless chicken biryani .. midium spicy .. taste was good .. we liked it ...
Incredible value for a welcoming and customer-first setting. The food is full flavor, though it doesn't yet beat homemade curry. Nevertheless, come here for an excellent casual meal and soft, ethnic ambience. Note: The chicken tandoori was incredible.
Hate to write a review like this, but it's not okay that they do this, so....All vegans BEWARE, they make the rice with butter and they will not accommodate for vegans. I came in here during the lunch buffet and struggled with the waitstaff to get an order of rice without butter. They would not make it for me and said they don't serve it that way. Therefore all of those vegan entrees you see... They're all served with rice that's made with real butter making them NOT vegan. Unless management changes this I sadly will not be eating here again. It's just not the same to have an Indian meal without rice to go with it.
Dhaba is definitely the place for me to go to if i ever feeling some Indian food! The food here is great, although Im not sure what authentic Indian food is in terms of curry and ect. This place definitely has everything.I usually order the Okra curry with the yogurt sauce and it's always fantastic! Definitely get their naan bread because its essential to the left over sauces when you finish all the meat! I've tried their goat biryani and it was super delicious!!Cant wait to come back!
We'd high hopes upon arrival; packed dining room, a long queue, amazing smells and most importantly an entire page on the menu entitled the "British curry house". There was vindaloo, jalfrezi etc. Being expats we were ecstatic!Service was incredibly friendly and professional. Really prompt and on it. The menu choices were amazing. Exactly what we wanted.Then the food arrived (may I add in drabs and when it's ready which isn't explained at the start). It was so bland with no level of spice at all. Vindaloo is traditionally extremely spicy, eye wateringly so. This was mild at best. The naan was also very soft. The jalfrezi was fine except it tasted nothing like a jalfrezi.Nice evening was had however it was disappointing overall. And so the quest for the best Indian in Manhattan continues...
Stopped here because the reviews looked good. The food was only decent. Nothing I'd come back for. If you want Indian food with a kick don't eat off the buffet. Also wasn't impressed with the naan - it tasted like plain pita. A bit disappointing..
Wow, that moist tandoori chicken! Usually Indian buffets provide a pretty dry tandoori chicken, but not Dhaba! That stuff just fell off the bone and had juice dripping out, juice!!! Their servers even went around with the chicken straight from the back, it wasn't just sitting on the buffet line the whole time. The rest of the eats were pretty solid as well, and coming in at about $10 for their lunch buffet (!!!), is quite the bargain. The naan was warm, slightly chewy, and light in taste. Just the way I like it! The chicken tikka masala and lamb biryani were the other standouts, and I couldn't stop scooping them onto my plate. It seems like they do chicken really well here, because the chicken tikka was juicy as well. Some of the lamb from the biryani were overcooked, but I guess that's personal preference. Either way, it still tasted amazing! I don't really enjoy eating meat that isn't at least medium, but it was seasoned so well. I'm not normally a fan of paneer, but Dhaba's was good not overpowering or bland like others. Definitely found that sweet spot in the middle. Part that left me disappointed was the kheer/kir ride pudding that I grabbed for dessert. Something just tasted off about it, seemed a bit watered down. I usually have like 3 bowls of that stuff, but just 1 was enough here. Service was impeccable, and they even brought out that tandoori chicken upon request!
I had its lunch buffet twice when I was here last year and I loved it. So of course I will come here again this year. This was my first stop after landing New York. We came around 12 and it was filled with people. We asked to sit between two tables, and I couldn't even make to sit down. So we requested to sit next to the station. The waiters were not answering us. So I just got up and went and sit down.  Food was still ok, but my boyfriend hated it. The potato fry covered with cumins which I didn't try. The lamb curry was really good though.
My friend in NYC, who is originally from India, suggested that we meet at Dhaba. When we arrived, we had to figure out if we wanted to eat the buffet lunch or to order regular plates off of the menu. We decided to try the buffet, and we were both amazed with how tasty all the foods were. My friend is a "foodie" and he told me everything tastes authentic. In fact, there wasn't one thing I put on my plate that wasn't delicious. Flavors were dancing on my tongue as I ate many dishes I haven't seen before (like the basic chutneys & curries etc). We also ate way too many Gulab Jamun (donuts in syrup) that were freshly made, and the best we've ever tasted. If you want authentic Indian food in NYC, you have to try this place out!
Amidst "Curry Town" sits this popular gem which offers authentic, spicy Indian food.Decor: Modern, bright, creative. I love how they aligned yards of fabric along the walls to provide depth and texture. I also loved the light fixture over the bar area/register. Atmosphere: Dhaba managed to expand this narrow space by using long benches and connecting many tables together in order to provide as many seats as possible without it looking clausterphobic or crowded. The best part is the bold Bollywood music. It will draw your ears in and make you involuntarily sway your hips from side to side in a matter of minutes. Food: We went for their lunch buffet. Chaat, naan, and tandoori chicken are presented and served table side (a + IMO). Their gulab jamun stands out as a clear winner in my book. It was light, moist, and only sweetened by natural honey and cardamom. I could've easily eaten twice as many of those luscious milk balls. You usually don't come across that too often as most are overly sweetened to the point that the taste becomes offputting. Price: $10 lunch buffet on weekdays; $13 lunch buffet on weekends. Dhaba provides quality Indian fare and top notch service without the pretentiousness.Tip: This would be a fun place to go on a date.
This place is on point. There is a lunch buffet around $11 and it has semi-decent quality with fundamental Indian food. The service is pretty good for a buffet and the ambience is great. This place is great for dinner as well. I give it a 4 because it's not 5-worthy in regards to quality, price, and service. Ambience is spot on though. Definitely recommend checking it out.
What a gem in curry hill!This place isn't that big, and surrounded by many other Indian restaurants, it can be overlooked. However, after my friend was craving Indian, and i saw the yelp reviews, i knew this was the place to check out. They obviously start you off with the standard free apps - crackers with the various dips. They have kingfisher on tap and they have a huge glass that i ordered. I forget the exact size, but i believe it was definitely over a liter. It was almost a 2 liter boot. Perhaps 64 oz?My friend and i started off with the Paneer Pakora or cheese fritters. It was good, but nothing outstanding. My friend ordered the Chicken Vindaloo, while i ordered the Chicken Kali Mirch. We also ordered basmati rice as well as garlic naan. They give you huge portions of everything! The garlic naan was cooked and seasoned to perfection. It was garlicky just the way i like it. The rice was fluffy and it was needed for the vindaloo.I noticed that they offered the Phaal curry, so i was thinking hey the vindaloo shouldn't be that bad. I saw how red it was and was scared for my friend. 1 dot signifies spicy, while 3 dots is the ultimate heat (phaal). The vindaloo was 2 dots. The chicken kali mirch was 1 dot. The vindaloo was INSANELY hot. I think i almost had an ulcer eating it. I was sweating my balls off. The Chicken Kali Mirch had some heat, but it tasted so bland in the heat department compared to vindaloo. Both were flavored to perfection, but the Vindaloo heat was a bit too overpowering for my taste. We even had to ask for some yogurt on the side to cool it down. Overall you get a great bang for your buck. Lukcily, i didn't have any problems the next day if you know what i mean.....
Ordered :- mango lassi - 2/5Chole bature- 2/5 (avg cooked, oily bature,  )Aloo tikki chat- 1/5 (no crispy tikki, felt more like chikpea (chole) curryNot sure why Yelp has a high rating for this place . Disappointed.
I am a north indian foodie and this IS One of the best Indian lunch buffets I ve had in USA. Very few places compel me to write a review and this sits right at the top.If you are craving for authentic North Indian (punjabi) food, come here and you will not be disappointed.I am surprised it is not rated higher.
Super cool ambient, friendly staff and awesome food. We had a malai kofta and a chicken tikka masala. The chicken was so tender and the malai kofta is an explosion of spices. Please take out the chili nan as the first picture because doesn't make justice to this awesome Indian Restaurant
Food is wonderful... But the fact that a $20 main dish doesn't come with rice is hugely disappointing. Then when I paid $8 to add the rice, I got some weird bowl of spiced rice with peas. Who eats madras curry with that? Rice is maybe .50 cents per cup... Let's get real here.
Short story. They said 40 minutes for delivery. It was an hour and a half. The food, which we've ordered many times before, was, I suppose unsurprisingly, cold. The surprise was that it was completely devoid of flavor. Chicken Tikka had no spice at all and the sauce was thin and watery. Lamb biryani was cooked days before and reheated. 'Tis better to have loved and lost then to have never loved at all I guess...Au revoir Dhaba.
I went during regular dinner hours just missing the buffet time. I ordered the lamb seekh kabab since they did not have a mixed tandoori plater like most Indian places. This brought 3 kababs cut in half.  I surprised that white rice was not included with any of the dishes (this was a first for me at an Indian restaurant vs Thai were it is more common). Since the rice was more expensive than average side rices, we asked the waiter if we would be able to share. He suggested we each order our own (implying that the portions were small) but when we got them there was more than enough rice for 2 people, so this was a little upsetting.In all, Dhaba was very good but did not stand out compared to any other Indian restaurant -except that it was more expensive because we had to buy the rice. Perhaps the buffet is the best way to go with this restaurant?
One of the better Indian restaurants in Manhattan. My standard order here is the Langarwali Daal and Butter Chicken. Service can be a bit flaky depending on the time of the day and the number of tables occupied, but they manage to keep you happy. There are some waiters here who are old timers, and they are most likely to throw some attitude, but hey, I'm here for the food, not to make friends. Go here.
Best Indian food I've ever eaten. This place is great. If you're in the area do yourself a favor and give it a shot. I can't say one bad word
-Chicken tikka masala here is a must.-Garlic naan is the best I've ever tasted. I didn't even want to dip it into any sauce bc it was THAT good.-Chicken chutneywala was decent - interesting blend of what tasted like peanut sauce and mangos, which gave this a sweet flavor. The BF preferred tikka masala over this.- Samomas - a must too.-Don't be fooled like we were. We thought rice was included in the dishes but not and each bowl of rice was $3.50... for rice!??Overall, great food, quick/attentive service, ~45 min wait for 2 on a Saturday night. Bathroom could be cleaner. LOUD crowd.
I am a Dhaba regular. This restaurant probably has the best Indian buffet in NYC, and I have been to many. They always have an excellent selection of items on the buffet and bring you naan, an appetizer, and tandoori chicken right to your table. I cannot recommend this place more highly. If you're looking for a good buffet in curry hill, this is the place to go.
We made a reservation and arrived on time. After ordering, we proceeded to wait a full hour before getting our food. Someone from the kitchen actually asked us if we had eaten at about 40 minutes after ordering. No! Although the food was good, I'm not sure about recommending a place that was so cavalier about its service.
We really love Indian food and have been looking for a place to be regulars at and we just haven't found it...until Dhaba. It was really delicious this will be our "go to!" Every time for Indian food. We starts with chicken skewer kebab marinated in masalas so tender juicy and perfectly marinated it was spicy and perfect. Then we shared the butter chicken, boneless lamb bhuna, maki black dal, rice and rumali roti and it was all just so outstanding I can't wait to come back and try everything else! P.s I think it's a nice touch that they let you pick out what meat cuts you want for example dark or white chicken or bone in or out lamb etc. it's really accommodating to everyone's preference! Yummm
This is my favorite Indian spot! I've been going here for about 2 years now. I refuse to eat at any other Indian place but I am so dedicated to Dhaba! Get the garlic naan, chicken tikka masala and samosas. Best meal hands down.
Came here for a dinner since I live close to curry hill. Dhaba and Pippali are my favorites by far and definite go-to's if you're in the area. Can't wait to try the lunch buffet.Chicken Dahiwala (4.5/5): We thought this dish of chicken in a yogurt sauce would be hit or miss. It hit for sure. The chicken had an interesting texture almost as if it was prepared with egg or something, but it was otherworldly soft and tender. The yogurt sauce was also very gravy like and not too yogurt-y at all. Perfect for dipping the naan. -- $16Jhinga Keema (5/5): This dish was delicious. The shrimp comes in little diced up chunks in a spicy masala sauce. I was amazed by how juicy the shrimp was. The basis of the sauce, masala, onions, bell peppers, didn't contain anything really surprising, but still came together perfectly. What was surprising and made this a 5 is that they really load up on the shrimp. -- $19Garlic / Onion Naan (4/5): Each naan is large enough for one person. They are quite fluffy and flavorful, although not overwhelmingly so (you won't have garlic breath after). They don't have bhatura but this is a nice alternative. -- $4 eachExperience (5/5): Service was exceptional. Water never dipped below half full and they came and fixed the table (which was a bit lopsided) without even being prompted.------------------------------------------------------------------------How food scoring works (very subjective, and relative to price)1 - Given the price, no3 - Worth, taste is on par with price5 - An absolute steal, amazing taste and great value
Probably my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC. Not super cheap (will run you about $30pp with tip), but good food and you will likely have leftovers. One of my favorite things is the crisp bread they give you in the beginning. The tikka masala is very good here and they have excellent paneer (type of cheese that's delicious) dishes. One of my favorite dishes is the yellow lentils (pictured). My boyfriend got the chicken tikka (different from tikka masala, so be sure you know what you're ordering), which is pictured, and he wasn't a huge fan because it was thigh meat. Make sure you get a side order or basmati rice ($3, but doesn't come with meal) and an order of naan (also around $3). Recently, we tried the garlic naan-- it was very good, but made all the food taste like garlic, so I'd opt for a less flavorful one next time (garlic is pictured). My only complaint is that they're a bit pushy with drinks-- we were asked 3 times by 3 separate servers if we wanted anything to drink. Also, this place gets crowded, even on Sunday nights. Menu and dishes are a bit hard to read/decide on if you're not too familiar with Indian food, so reviews/photos of dishes here should help as a supplement to the menu.
Tonight would have been my second time eating there...except when I got there they said they were closed for planned upgrades and the sign in the window said to go to another Indian restaurant down the street. Liked their food the first time I was there but why would they allow me to make a reservation and then not inform me ahead of time. If you want to go there call ahead of time and confirm they'll be open!
Being brought up surrounded by all types of Indian food, I was disappointed with this spot. The chicken biryani lacked many key flavors, was bland and had a lot of butter in it. All the food was average and I would probably not go again. The prices were also high for the quality of food. The inside of the restaurant was nicely decorated and cute, but the food was not as great.
Their buffet leaves much to be desired. Not the best Indian place around. Service is mediocre. Taste is below average.
There are a lot of random Indian restaurants in curry hill so it's pretty hard to distinguish the good from the bad.Dhaba has consistently good Indian food. Absolutely my 'go to' for North Indian cuisine. In my opinion the best Indian food in the city for a nice causal sit down meal. Great for people to try new Indian dishes as well as for people like me who eat Indian food quite often. This place has excellent Indian food for a fair price. Definitely the best of its kind!
Best ever Indian buffet lunch just for 12$ one of the best chicken tikka masala in town and good naan bread ! Definitely recommended
Another amazing recommendation from Dave H.!!!!Totally in love with this place! No matter that you are practically sitting on the lap of the person next to you, or that my reservation according to the restaurant was "7:15 for Rhianna" although clearly I said "7:45 for Lianna" and she repeated it back to me on the phone...Anyhow now. The mango lassi was delicious as well as the fairly large selection of beers at hand. The food was so fresh and so AWESOME. Everyone in our 5 person party was greatly satisfied. I loved the small intimate crowd, and the good nature of the waitstaff. Excellent service and a good time all around!
Been going here for at least 4-5 years Food is some of best in Curry Hill and lunch buffets are an amazing deal especially if you are hungry. I must unfortunately report that the overall cleanliness of the restaurant has significantly gone South! As they say, the cleanliness of your restrooms directly relate to the cleanliness of the kitchen. The place could use a good douché with bleach water and a fresh coat of paint.
I just walked past this place and remembered just how average the food has been everytime I've been here. Which is why it's so annoying to see the front window covered in Shiva Natarajan propaganda. Chewy lamb, dry chicken, over spiced dishes, what exactly is the big deal here!?!?I've got nothing against the owners, Malai Marke is a very nice place, but Dhaba is a dud. Avoid!
I have been to Dhaba a few times and I am fairly fond of their food . I came in with my friend yesterday and was seated  at at a table for two . I realized that there was a couple next to me sitting with a huge dog beside their table . I understand that we all love our pets and wish to carry them with us. However as per my knowledge , dogs are not allowed inside a restaurant and are only allowed in the outside sitting area of restaurants. It did not seem that the dog was a service dog (Please correct me if I am wrong  ) It seemed that no one from the staff was aware of these rules and regulations and were least bothered . I wanted to check with the manager but was informed by the staff that he was not available .
Good food. Chicken murgh Kabab was super amazing. It was amazingly spicy and I love spicy food. Bhindi fry starter was also very good. I also liked mango lassi cocktail and mango martini. Methi Malai mutter was pretty tasty but chicken dahiwala (vegetable) was very sweet. Service is ok. But food is really tasty. Decent ambience. Good Indian music.
I often tell people if I were to move back to Manhattan, it would be to Curry Hill, for its blissful proximity to all things Midtown and for the many neighborhood gems, such as Dhaba, one of the most popular restaurants in the hood. As of right now, I can't think of any Manhattan Indian establishment that has this place beat on price, variety, and quality.Dhaba is no mega sized eatery, the seating is tight. Couples seats are all over, but group dining is a gamble here. The middle bank of tables are group friendly, but are often occupied during their lunch rush hour (11AM-3PM). The decor is on the funkier side, similar to other modern Indian places throughout NYC.The food is usually very good to outstanding, the service is constantly bustling but very adequate, and the daily buffet price is roughly $10. Where are we eating, Queens?Buffet wise, Dhaba offers up some of the best items that can be had for the price. Usually there are around 4 veggie items, 3 meats (usually a makhani, masala, and/or tandoori), basmati rice/biriyani, and dessert that ranges from galub jamun, rice pudding, and the occasional rasmalai . Table side service for aloo chat, fried eggplant,  fresh baked naan, and fresh tandoori chicken is a nice treat.Dinner service is a different story here, the restaurant takes on a much more intimate setting and their a la carte options sync up with the price tag restaurants of this type usually have. For veggie options, I recommend the paneer masala, sag paneer, and dum aloo. Meat options will vary, but the lamb biriyani and chicken jal frezie are among their better dishes.I hope Dhaba continues to serve quality eats, without becoming too full of themselves and thus jacking up the prices. This place is worthy of all 5 stars, for not just being a stellar lunch option, but for being among the best in the city.
We dined here recently because we were planning on going to Madras Mahal next door and it was surprisingly shut down.   On a Friday night, the place was bustling.  The decor was modern, reminiscent of Spice Thai.  I now follow an extremely healthy nutrarian diet and usually I am able to eat healthfully at Indian restaurants, but I was not able to here.  First of all, they don't have any salads and they don't have brown rice as a rice option.  I like to start my meals with or accompanied by a large raw salad, so that was disappointing.  There was a section marked "Vegan" and "Vegetarian" which I appreciated.   I ordered "Bhuni Gobi Mattar- cauliflower and green peas with ginger" and asked for very little oil, steamed basmati rice, and gluten-free pan fried corn bread on the side.   The dish was tasty and spicy, however, it seemed like it was drowning in oil.   I wouldn't order the corn bread again.  It didn't have much flavor and it had the texture of a dense pancake.Although I was unhappy with my dinner, my husband loved his.  He raved over the delicious Mulligatawny lentil/coconut milk soup and Aloo Mattar.If you don't mind rich food with a lot of oil,  Dhaba is a good option.  For me it was a little too heavy, but I am a lighter eater than the vast majority of people.On a side note, I couldn't find my favorite black scarf when we were leaving even after extensive searching.  When I got home, I called the restaurant and the staff said they found it and they held it for me to pick up the next day, which was awesome.
Edit 10/31/14: After trying more of their items, I have to give them 5 stars. The service is just impeccable. The friend that I was with said that with Indian restaurants nowadays, service really sets it apart from others. No one really thinks of Indian food as nice sit down atmosphere, but Dhaba manages to do just that. Anyway if you come here, you must try the naan. It is crispy on the outside and still soft on the inside! I think I can say ifs might be the best naAn I have had out of all the Indian food ive eaten. Usually it's very soft and sometimes even soggy, but Dhaba really sets itself apart. I also learned that re chip like appetizers are called popard and the sauces are coriander with mint and tamarind. Very interesting as I had no idea what they were before! They also do this very good fish curry. Must try! Also heard they serve the best khoya in all of manhattan! Have only tried it in a couple other places but it is really good here! Def check out this place if you're in "Curry Hill"! -------------------------------------------------I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could. This was was recommended by a friend of a friend so I was willing to give it a try since I live close by anyway. I was waiting for the other person in my party to arrive and they gave me something to snack on while I waited, which was really nice of them. To be honest, this isn't the best Indian food I've had. I ordered the chicken tikka masala with naan. I usually get it at every indian restaurant i go to in order to gauge each of them. If the staple isn't good, it's usually a sign that the rest isn't either. To be honest, the flavor was pretty average and the texture wasn't anything to  rave about either. I just had to give them the 4 stars because of the good service. At one point I told them that the table wobbled and they immediately came to fix it. Overall, I don't think I would come back, but it was worth going to.
We ordered the chicken tandoor and paneer Kali mirch. The tandoor was ok but the paneer was not to my liking. The paneer seemed like they got the sauce snd then chopped up cubes of paneer snd threw that in. I wouldn't go back again just so that I can try other places.
Good food ! But they don't serve coffee or tea !It's weird that a "Dhabha" doesn't serve desi  Chai! !
Absolutely delicious. I'm a fan of Indian food, and while in New York City recently for a business trip I was able to meet my uncle (who lives in the city) for dinner. He recommended this place, and I'm really, really glad he did. Now, let me first say it's quite easy to overorder at a place like this, so if you dine here be sure to not let your eyes be bigger than your stomach.I can't really provide any recommendations because at an ethnic place like this everyone has different tastes. But you're pretty guaranteed to get a good dish with anything on the menu. Chicken kabobs are really good, as is the cheese/spinach dip. YUM!Very quaint atmosphere with great seating overlooking the street (should you basically desire to be put on display eating your meal). Overall a wonderful dining experience for me.
Worst Chicken Tikka Masala I've ever tried. Long time waiting for the food. Nice guys and music.
Great Indian place with a vegan section on the menu!  I've eaten at Dhaba twice and it has yet to disappoint. My favorite is the Aloo Gobi dish and their chutney is spicy-amazing! Will keep coming back!
Went there last Sunday with 2 others. Will definitely be going back when I have a chance. We were told there be 15min wait thankfully we were seated far sooner. Had a great chicken tikka masala there garlic nann was one of the best I had in a long time. The other two diners were please with there choices. There prices are very good making it great value for the money.
A 50 minute wait for a table and bad dinner!Cons: No clean spoons, rubber like paneer, very high priced, extremely bad desserts, bitter dhal makhani, not so sweet 'Sweet lassi'pros: Appetizers, RiceAfter dinner, all I could think was ' What was the hype all about' ?!?!Will not recommend and will never visit again
Ordered delivery. Great spicy Indian comfort food. Delivery was very prompt. Will definitely order from it again.
Have only been here a few times for the weekday and weekend lunch and brunch buffets. Given my love for cheap AYCE deals, I don't know if I'd come here at any other time, although my friends tell me the other lesser known specialty dishes are great. One of these days, I'll have to tear away myself from the normal Indian buffet, and try their other dishes.The first time we came here was on Cinco de Mayo this year, and naturally we thought an Indian buffet would hit the spot. We sat our stuff down, and then quickly got back up to fill our plates with the standard chicken tikki masala, saag paneer, and lamb biryani. I sat down and was like "Some naan would be great with this." Then, all of a sudden, the fresh, warm, fluffy naan came out in a huge basket. HOHO yeah. Also, there is a waiter who goes around to the tables, happily handing out large drumsticks of Tandoori chicken. Oh yeah, give it here. The waiters are also very prompt with the water refills and taking away empty plates. Good thing too, because we were going through plates like crazy.Later on, I took my Indian colleagues, who live in Gurgaon, to Dhaba and they enjoyed it very much. They exclaimed that it was surprisingly authentic, although not quite as pungent as they were used to. They might have been humoring me, but they all had 3 full plates each, so if they were humoring me, they did a good job.Overall, if you enjoy a good Indian buffet, look no further than Dhaba. It's not a flashy, boutique Indian restaurant, but the food is fairly well executed, and reasonably priced. After trying a number of Indian restaurants in Murray Hill, this is the one that I've consistently had a good experience at.
Really great indian buffet! I came here New Years Day and it was pretty crowded during lunch time. Everyone was getting the buffet! Plain rice, chicken biryani, saag paneer, chicken tikka you name it. There were about 8-10 options total. Obviously, unlimited refills. Plus, they had someone from the kitchen come out every 20-30min and pass extra stuff out like tandoori chicken and a crunchy, kind of sweet dish. The best part is that it was only $13.95. They accept CCs too which is great!
I love their lunch buffets! They serve you fresh naan and other appetizers as well, which is the first I've ever seen at an Indian buffet or any buffet really. They have a decent selection of curries and other dishes that are freshly made for that day and you can tell that they haven't just been sitting theri for a long time. They are covered.
The food is great, but we had a little issue with their ordering system. When you order online, they do not go through Seamless. It's a lesser-known (and come to find out reliable) website. To condense an eight-week story into a few sentences, they double charged us for our meal. Dhaba apparently never even responded to my credit card company's inquiries, so they were forced to credit the ~$50 back to my account. Understandably I'm a little gun shy about ordering online again, but the Kashmiri Rogan Josh may be too alluring not to tempt fate again.
My trusted Indian restaurant. I've taken all of my close friends here for lunch or dinner and have been here about 100 times in the last six years. It's very good, not spectacular, food, but it's high quality is dependable. When other favorites have gone out of business, Dhaba has stayed with me.
The food at Dhaba is very close to home made food that you get in India. The place is a little noisy but the food makes you forget the noise - its that good!
I came here once for their lunch buffet on a Sunday. Great choice -- lots of variety and everything was delicious! They also did a great job with my favorite dish (chicken tikka masala). Very reasonably priced for lunch and a solid option in Curry Hill. The restaurant has a very modern feel and the service is reliable. I will be coming back!-L.
** The Summary **Dhaba offers a rich menu of all the standards, plus some British-style curry[1], and thelawalla (aka street food).  To boot, while most South Asian places break their menu out into Veg and Non-Veg sections, Dhaba one-ups by adding a Vegan section, for those people in your life determined to live contrary to their own biological design.  Quality overall is high and service excellent, making this a great choice for Indian in a neighborhood lousy with the stuff.** The Discursive Food Details **- Aloo tikki chaat -- a small plate, off the thelawalla menu.  Chickpeas atop potato pancakes, topped with yoghurt and tamarind chutney.  Or something.  It came a little too saucy, per my friends who were reminiscing about having this as actual food on actual streets back home.  There, I am told, the vendor will ladle the sauce onto the fried stuff right before handing it to you, leaving everything fresh and crispy.  Here, the food under the sauce was maybe a little soggy.  Overall, still tasty as heck.  (Also, tell me it's not fun to say "Aloo tikki chaat".  Could be a name for a sequel to Rikki Tikki Tavi... maybe, about his city mongoose cousin who runs a food stand selling cobra skewers?  And... I'm digressing.)- Punjabi kadhi -- fried chickpea blobs in a yoghurt mustard curry.  Good but not great (but my friends say it's usually excellent here, so maybe try your luck).  I wasn't a fan of the chickpea blobs, but the curry was tasty.- Rogan josh -- Kashmiri goat in red ginger curry!  I was excited by this--I love ginger but a strong ginger flavor isn't something I usually associate with South Asian food.  When this came, unfortunately, it was too salty.  Threw the whole thing off.- Dal makhni -- the classic dish, black lentil curry.  So simple, so humble, so often overlooked--and so damn delicious.  Really well done here.  Recommended, even if you just get it as a side or a safe dish.- Onion naan -- perfectly done.- Roti -- rotis are basically whole wheat naan. The one here was good but very thin and crispy, maybe too much so, making it hard to scoop up food with.- Mango lassi -- standard deliciousness, served in a happy little mason jar.- Chaas -- only had a sip of this here, but have had it elsewhere.  This is the "real" lassi you'd get in India.  It's thinner than mango lassis tend to be.  Very similar to Turkish ayran, if you've ever had that, but spiced.  You can probably order it unspiced, too--then it's just a kind of pleasantly bland buttermilk or thin yoghurt.** The Discursive Non-food Details **- Lighting: too dim!  And not in a mood-lighting sort of way, it just felt dark, like you were in a closet?  Good luck taking pictures of your food here, Yelpers.  Crank up that ISO.- Music: the soundtrack was something like a light assault of bad, beat-heavy techno-ish remixes of (what we guessed to be) 70s Bollywood music.  We were baffled--why is a quiet Indian place almost-but-not-quite blasting this stuff? I feel like dim, nigh-sleepy South Asian spots have maybe two legit soundtrack options: ragas, and Lata or Keshore Kumar.  Stuff like that.  Not dance club music.  I felt like at any moment, Punjabi MC could have sprung out of the kitchen with the Knight Rider bass line blasting (youtube.com/watch?v=mhxR…).- Service was terrific!![1] I'm blanking on how these differ from the standard curries.  Maybe flavor profile.
Went here for the third time yesterday and I hate to say it was the last time. The last two visits were excellent. Food was great, we were seated immediately, service was top notch and the prices were reasonable. My last trip left much to be desired.We had a reservation for three people at 7. Two of us arrived and sat and snacked on papadums, while our friend was running late. During this time we were approached by more than three servers taking drink orders and each time we had to tell them that we were content with water (neither of us drink alcohol), but were waiting for someone who would most definitely be ordering a drink.Our friend arrived and she ordered one of their $12 signature drinks, a mango martini which came to the table promptly. Minutes later the waiter took our order and was visibly disappointed that we didn't order as much food as he must of expected us to eat.Everything was lukewarm and underseasoned, average at best. I'll chalk it up to it just being an off day... The waitstaff just took our plates from the table not even asking if anyone was finished or if we wanted what was left over wrapped up to take home. Almost immediately after we were presented with the check, AGAIN without even asking if we wanted anything else. The restaurant was fairly crowded, but there were tables open for people to be seated and there were no crowds of people waiting outside. As we left, we heard the host tell a party of the same size that just entered that the wait was only 5 minutes! If you're like most New Yorkers who are willing to wait 30 minutes for a subpar burger at Shake Shack or a Magnolia cupcake, 5 minutes is nothing to shrug at for table service. The service rush was unnecessary and unacceptable on behalf of the restaurant.So we were rushed to put in orders and rushed to pay the check for lukewarm, mediocre food. It was more important for them to turn tables over than it was to be hospitable for their paying diners. For this area which is littered with various Indian restaurants the competition is fierce. Wouldn't it be more beneficial to not rush people out if it means that those people will have incentive to return or tell others about your restaurant?Bottom line: Go somewhere else where you can get better food, actually enjoy your meal and where they're happy to have your business.
Delicious. Great ambiance. Passable service. We never got our samosa appetizer but ended up not caring by the time we realized it because our tummies were full. Don't know if they charged us for it or not... We were well out the door when we remembered and we didn't take the itemized receipt with us.We had rice and garlic naan which were standard and good. The Lamb Dahiwala was possibly the best Indian lamb I've ever had, seriously flavorful and rich. The chicken Tika Masala was good, but not any better than the hundreds of others we've had thru the years.
Best Indian lunch buffet in NYC! Plenty of delicious veggie & non-veggie options & the only place that compares with home-cooked Indian food. Am typically not the biggest fan of buffets but this is always my family's requested dining spot, and is admittedly fantastic. Would recommend arriving on the earlier side, and be sure to ask for the naan & tandoori chicken served at your table. Will certainly be back soon!
Excellent buffet lunch at fair price, Fresh nan and tandoori chicken brought to your table.
Whenever my husband and I are in the mood for Indian food, our go to spot is Dhaba. The first time I ate there, I really enjoyed the food. The restaurant is usually packed, but we never have to wait to get seated.The atmosphere is warm and inviting and the food and service is on point. I always order their chicken tikka masala with basmati rice and I have to stop myself from inhaling my meal.....that's how good it is.If you're ever in the Lexington area, and in the mood for Indian food, I suggest making at stop over at Dhaba, you will not be disappointed.tripadvisor.com/ShowUser…
Just tried the buffet. NOTHING outstanding here!!The chicken Tikka Masala was the only meat option,  although they did bring more chicken to the table with a tandoori leg.It seems they like to fill you up on naan and vegetarian dishes.Then there is the wait staff....it seems they all have been told there has been a death in the family!!ZERO personality!!!!No spicy options....don't waste your money!!
It's fine. If this is the best little india has to offer then I'm glad I live uptown. There are so many better places for lunch buffets. The chicken was tough, the naan felt like crackers. There was nothing bad about the meal but NYC is expensive, I'd rather spend my money elsewhere. Wont be returning.
Love the food, quick service when though they were packed. I visited with 2 friends on a Thursday night, it was a birthday dinner. They made a unique dessert for the birthday. It was great. Kudos to the staff and the manager.
Dhaba has been my all time favorite restaurant - hands down. Last night though, we ordered take out. We were up all night drinking water with an insatiable thirst. Has Dhaba started to add MSG or do they have a new chef/cooking style that uses more salt? Sorry but after years of ordering and eating in we won't be able to dine here.
Absolutely phenomenal Indian food. Food is fresh and flavorful and the service is fast and attentive. My friends and I made a last minute decision to switch Indian restaurants and we decided to come here and left extremely satisfied. We ordered the Saag Paneer, Tikka Masala, and a chickpea dish. All were so well done! Some of the best out there. Will be coming back next time I'm in town!
CHICKEN DAHIWALA! It's chicken in a yogurt sauce with coriander. Freaking amazing! Came back here probably 4 times after trying that dish.I was reading my original review for Dhaba and I noticed I wrote that their service is excellent. They are no longer on top of their game refilling my drinks anymore! Maybe they were only super attentive the first time because we were a group of 20+ people and the restaurant probably fits 35-40. Anyway, I'd still come back again for that chicken dahiwala.
Five waiters running around like chicken with no heads. 2 pm. 1 other person in the restuarant already served. A togo order took 40 minutes. Not a pretty place nor pretty service.
Pahadi Murgh Kabab was so good!
the best indian food i've had in NYC so far. went with a group of friends (5 total) and were lucky enough to find seats. they are very popular so it's tough to get seats. we called ahead to ask how long the wait was and they said 40min, but when we were in the area and so we just stopped by and asked in person how long the wait was and they said they actually would be able to squeeze us in in 10min! very fortunatepros: food was delicious. service was not the best but not bad eitherchicken tikka masala and chicken kali mirch (a little spicy, so if you don't like spicy/peppery, i don't recommend it) were both really good Get the NAAN! chili onion naan was amazing, but all their naan's looked good. cons: pricey for indian food. Chicken tikka masala was $16 which is a bit expensive i think. while it was really good, i've had good tikka masala for cheaper. the naan was also pricey. The waiter also asked if we would like regular rice or this special rice that comes with veggies (can't remember the name, sorry). we tried the one with veggies thinking that it couldn't be that much more expensive, but it added a lot to our bill, which was disappointing because it didn't add much to the flavor of the meal. overall: definitely try it! great indian food. i wouldn't mind going a second time, but i'd like to try some other places if i had the option.
Dhaba smells delicious and is bustling - all great signs when you walk into a restaurant for the first time.The food was delicious - the naan superb.  We ordered shrimp tiki masala and the shrimp were a good size and plentiful.  The cauliflower and pea appetizer was delicious as well.  This place has a fun and loud atmosphere, so great for friends as opposed to a date place.
3 stars for the buffet lunch but deserves 5 stars for the ala carte dishes. The prices are little on the higher side though.
I live in Atlanta where the Indian Culture thrives and my expectations were low.  This was the bomb!  Saag Paneer and the Lamb dish was spectacular
I went for a late lunch but didn't make it in time for the buffet so we ordered from the menu- it was good quality food for a great price, so no complaints there.I always tell myself I will eat something other than the chicken tikka masala when I do Indian but I can't manage to do it... it's my favorite! This time the waiter asked if we wanted it normal or spicy so I opted to go with spicy- I figured, how spicy can it be? I ordered roti with mine and my friend had plain naan. We would soon find out... We ordered the veggie samosas as appetizers- delicious! The entrees arrived and boy was my mouth on fire- my nose started running a few minutes after I started eating and my friend almost choked after her first mouthful- she wasn't prepared for the spice! I am usually not a fan of Indian desserts, so we didn't order any but the chicken tikka masala was perfect. (Of course, I couldn't forgo dessert entirely, so I stopped by a Haagen Dazs store on my way home and had a butter pecan waffle cone, yum!)
It's been four years since my last visit here. The upholstery is new, but the food is still great.Knowing it get busy, we went early. Got a two-top mid-room, and the menu has changed looks but not content, and it all reads and sounds delicious.Puri anything here and it's great.Lamb, oh what they do with lamb!Any veg dish is exactly what the menu says it will be, no surprises. On our way out I told the owner, who I remember from previous visits, that it's still our favorite Indian restaurant after so many years. Enjoy!
The owners aren't very smart because they priced each dish at 14.95-15.95 which is exactly the point where I order 1 dish instead of 2. I think this is a 2 star restaurant because they do make the food and it's alright. Its just nothing special. When you're paying $14.95 it doesn't make sense for it. Each item is overpriced by at least $2-3 which makes the deal very crappy. My final suggestion, find another place nearby there are plenty.
What is the big deal about the buffet here?  It was ok but I've had better in New York.  Service was good, fast and efficient during the lunch hour.
Ordered off Yelp. Dhaba called to tell me they actually wouldn't deliver to my address. Took my money anyway.
Went for a lunch buffet after hearing about the place. For 13 dollars, the lunch is an absolute steal as you are offered 8-10 dishes to try with naan. Not the most authentic place I've been to but the quality of food is really fresh. Usually packed after work. I would say this is a nice date place but there are more authentic places in the area.
The chicken kali mirch is the most delicious thing I have ever eaten across any cuisine. The sweet mango lassi was a great balancer against the spiciness of the chicken. Definitely get the garlic naan to scoop up the delicious sauce.
Favorite food is Indian. I thought the best was in queens and manhattan was done for. Admittedly I've only been living in the city for a year. However this place is on point! 12.95 for lunch buffet. Food was a 9/10. When me and the girl walked in, we both thought the same thing: this place is too expensive for our budget. It just looked so nice. Great staff. However we were shocked when we heard the buffet price. We almost felt like we were stealing. Would definitely come again. Gotta check out his neighborhood a bit more. Hella 5 though.. your buffet's got your standard gwilo options, i.e. Tikka masala, lamb curry, saag paneer. But don't hate, appreciate. These dishes are max good. They've got some biryani as well that's hella dope af m8. Anyway get down here, dawg. Felt like the circle of life when we were leaving. This group walked in and I could hear them mutter "this place looks too expensive".. GO INDIA #1
I enjoyed the buffet one Friday afternoon while hanging out with my mom.It's a typical Indian buffet - a bunch of stuff on the table and they will bring you the naan and the tandoori chicken.I found the food to be quite yummy.  It was fresh and clean (not all mushy) and the spices were good.  It didn't taste very watered down.  There were lots of Asians (Indians and other Asians) eating there.  Mango Lassi was good.  They kept our glasses full of NYC tap water.Tables are super close together and it was pretty crowded (a good sign).  Service is adequate - they ain't trying to marry you.... Just ask for what you need and they will get it for you - no problem.  As another person of color, I can tell you that directness (not rudeness) goes a long way.  LOL.I will likely return to try items from the menu.
Ahhh-mayyy-zinnnggg...  Good Indian food.  For my desi friends... "Ekdum India waali feeling hai idhar" ... For drinks, let go the beer once and try their Masala Chaas (Masala Butter Milk)... Absolutely fantastic.  You have to try their Chilly Chicken and Paneer appetizers and Butter Chicken is made to perfection.  Papads are a little over-fried and you can taste the oldish oil in it, but what the hell.  Main course makes up for that mistake.Overall, great experience here and Daayaaaammm good Indian food!
We have hosted a party of 20 people during lunch hours. The food was very good. After that we have visited this place twice. They have lunch buffet and dinner on table. The quality of food is good. The staff is friendly. Will be visiting again and recommend others to try their food menu!
Had the lunch buffet and was pleased. A few things to choose from and all of them were extremely flavorful. Chicken tikka, lamb, rice, naan, sauces, etc. One of those places where you can't eat too often because its not what I'm used to eating but I will be back in the near future. Great service too btw.
A trip to Curry Hill isn't really complete without, well, curry. Being that we were in a hurry, we hopped into Dhaba for a quick bite. The food was decent, but not really much to write home about. The Gobi Meetha could've been better portioned, but I liked the spice mix. The Ras Malai (my favorite Indian dessert) wasn't bad, but the paneer didn't taste fresh. All in all, this gets an "eh".
This place used to have great food but lately it's been very inconsistent. Food is tasting more Americanized like some of the other places. Everything's rich, creamy and sweet.
The drinks here are strong and so amazing I didnt expect that from an Indian restaurant. The mango margarita is a must. The food is delicious not heavy like most other indian places. We had the onion pakoras and gobi for appetizers both were great and the tandoori shrimp which is what I came here for. Had malai kofta and lamb curry (with bone) for dinner. No complaints!
Saw on Yelp that it had 4 stars and it had good reviews so we decided to try it and also because it offered vegetarian friendly options for a friend that I was with. Once we got there the wait wasn't that long and the food came in a reasonable amount of time. I haven't been to many Indian restaurants but I have a good idea of what authentic Indian food tastes like and Dhaba delivers that. As a person who likes flavorful things I held high expectations for the food and my expectations were held. Would recommend to anyone that is in the neighborhood.
I tried lunch buffet and there wasnt a single item that i tried again. Very overrated.
Revisited and gave it a fifth star. Wonderful place.Nice and compact. Curry is extremely tasty. Breads are great. Kingfisher beer is also great. A top place for a curry night.
We've come here for both dinner and the lunch buffet. It's high quality food and service. I recommend the:Maa ki daal (lentils) Chicken kadaiLamb biryani (rice dish)Aloo alhari (fried eggplant veggie dish)
I came here for dinner a couple of times to get my Indian food cravings fulfilled.  Venue: (3/5) the seats here are pretty close to one another. Nothing very rememberable that was good or bad.  Food (5/5) Lasoni Gobi -  (5/5) perfection! Fried cauliflower in sweet sour chili sauce.  Try it!Chicken tiki masala - (4/5) comes out a bit bland, although we asked for medium.  I think I need to say non-white people spicy next timeSamosa - (3/5) a bit bland, dipped this in raita to add flavor Service (5/5) quick and friendlyI'd like to come back for the lunch, I think it'll be same quality for the value.
Lunch buffet is very small and it's about $11pp for lunchtime.  Food is only mediocre, a far cry from even labeling it "good."  They do separate the veg versus non-veg options in the buffet line, but their veg selection isn't the best (really wish there was some paneer tikka masala in there).   I found it odd that they walked around with the tandoori chicken and manually serving it onto a customer's plate versus putting everything into one of those heated servingware. The spacing is incredibly cramped, particularly in between the smaller tables. I felt like I was right on top of the table next to us and vice versa.Highly unlikely that I'd return here.  There's about 80 other Indian buffets on Lexington Ave.
Not the biggest spread of choices for an indian buffet but I believe in quality over quantity.  The tikka masala here is delicious as well as the palak pahneer.  I wasnt a big fan of the naan here though.  Price is affordable and more than plentiful seating for a place in nyc so thats a big plus!
Loved this place- delicious appetizers, good sized and fresh entrees. Very reasonable prices too
Had the very tasty lunch buffet. aside from 1 of the many chicken dishes being slightly dry, it was a fantastic selection and taste sensation! And for the record, I ate around 2:30, so no points off for the chicken. Since all my places on 6th at are shuttering, this might become my go to.
Dhaba's decor is all fizzy fluorescents and convoluted colors, all understated enough to be easy on the eyes. Take a date here, or friends.The complimentary bread and sauces are a treat, and their appetizers don't disappoint. Their lamb vindaloo is fabulous. While it isn't quite weapons-grade, you'll wonder the next morning why you ate it. Be sure to get a combination of rice, naan, and saag paneer - and a beer - for a respite from the heat.Prices are a tad uppity for Curry Hill, but decent serving sizes ensure there'll be a doggy bag in your future. And leftovers are the best part.
Worst customer service. Bread and appetizer came when one was eating desert. No one to complain to.
The food is delicious and the service was great. Must try if you're ever in New York!
Food is amazing! Had the lamb dhansak and the chicken balchao also the sham savers and pahari murgh kabab. The flavors were on point. The food did not disappoint and will definitely be coming back!
Nice spot for cozy Indian authentic restaurant for Dinner, the chicken tikka masala and the nan bread so good and fresh.Not recommend to eat the lunch special is not fresh because its buffet.
Absolutely delicious. It's always very busy but I've never had to wait long (if at all) for a table. I always order the chicken korma. Very reasonably priced and very tasty.
The food gives you a Food-Coma. Its delicious, has a great variety and the service is awesome.The seeets are tasty and well put. We tried the buffet option and I must say they have the best Buffet in New York City when it comes to Indian food.
I took my parents who had come from India with my boyfriend. Dint like the music or the mango lassi. Very crowded. I did not like the curries and our rotis were burnt. We had a long day and thoroughly disappointed with food.
I am keep coming to dhaba for their chicken kali mirch, chicken tikka masala, samosa and mango lassi. Food is really mouth watering.dhaba is best indian food reprwsentjve in new york.      Service is good , but ambience is not good . This place is really small, not so much dining space. Busy time place vets crowded and feel like eating on streets. But  i am coming back only for food.
Quite frankly the best Indian food that I've had in New York City (and yes, this is including the handful of places that I've been to in Jackson Heights, Queens). It was love at first bite of the chili and onion naan topped with some sweet marmalade-like chutney. The finely minced chili peppers and onions were generously embedded into the naan. My spicy-loving taste buds loved the blazing fire the chili peppers ignited, which then got cooled by the chutney. An intoxicating combination without any alcohol. We ordered the Chicken Kali Mirch (very spicy curry) and Bhuni Gobi Mattar (cauliflower and peas). Dhaba is not kidding when they say a dish is spicy. I had to order a mango lassi to cool my tongue. Both dishes were absolutely delicious, especially the Bhuni Gobi Mattar. Full of flavor, complex and well-married to each other, we both ate until our stomachs hurt from being overfilled. Other Indians restaurants that I've eaten at, I had thought, "It was good, but something was missing." At Dhaba I left completely satisfied and salivating at the thought of going back.
Decent food made terrible with bad experience. First, the ambience was atrocious. Loud music, poor lighting, and customers shouting at the top of their lungs for a conversation. Next, the food took forever to arrive. After making us wait for more than 45 minutes, we asked 2 of the many unattentive waiters about the food. The first ignored us and walked away after we asked the question, and the second laughed at our question. The food, when it finally arrived, was very decent and palatable. The soft and fresh naan is even better with the chicken curry. And the lamb was juicy and tender. I only wish everything else was half as decent.Advice: Only go if you want your great day to end badly.
Dhaba--what happened?? You used to be my favorite spot on Curry Hill, but I think you've lost your mojo. The papadum starter was broken into bottom-of-the-bag, crumb-sized pieces. The navratan korma and dahiwala bindi we ordered were nothing to write home about. And your prices are pretty steep for dishes that are served sans rice. Paying extra for rice? I mean, come on!Because this place has gotten more attention than others in the area, I think it's starting to get a bit lazy. There are a ton of other options nearby. I think I'm going to start branching out.
I am not crazy fan of this place. I have been here twice. Once for the lunch buffet and once for dinner. It is a super cramped place. You literally have your meal with two adjacent tables. I do not understand the need to seat people this way. Taking about the food, it is strictly ok. I had garlic naan and paneer sag. Paneer sag that this weird taste. The Rajma was good. The naan was good too. My major complaint is the seating space and the service was not great. We had no one to attend to us. I expected way more.
Really subpar lunch buffet spot - avoid.Went here on a Sunday lunch buffet with parents. The items are bland and over salted, the Naan the provided was burnt. The pani puri set-up was unsanitary but unfortunately the only thing that we actually enjoyed. Finally, the dessert (Gulab Jamun and Kheer) was soggy, texture less and not even that sweet.I was pretty surprised it was so awful.
Ordered food over Eat24. After almost 2 hours and many attempts to reach restaurant by phone including Eat24 Customer Service attempts I gave up and asked Eat24 to cancel order. Food then showed up but I have turned it away. Obviously can't review the food but can review service and experience. It is not worth even 1 star and if you are ordering food be aware.
Went here last weekend and it is so good!! We got one order of chicken curry, rice and garlic naan and it was plenty to split between two people. The menu indicates it's not very spicy but it definitely had a kick. Just enough that it didn't take away from the flavor though. The naan was excellent and service was good. Taking one star off the review only because the bathrooms were disgusting. I understand we went on a busy Saturday night, but still makes me wonder if they can't keep the bathrooms clean, can they keep their food prep area clean? Regardless, excellent food.
Great food. Very fresh and layered in flavours. It's one of the more modern decors of the many Indian options along this part of Lexington. It feels more modern bistro/cafe than the others. Good selection of meat and vegetarian dishes. We had the biryani, eggplant and lamb kebabs. Aside from the very slow service, due to the kitchen staff popping in and out of the restaurant to check out the building fire two doors down, it was a great meal.
I will start with the good, food was excellent. All the rest nit that much, water provided was warm, staff were very unfriendly and not nice, rushed us out of the door. Place was VERY noisy, more than what I'm used to in the city.
Rich flavors and exotic atmosphere, butter chicken and vegetable corma is the best and the nan here is perfect.
In the span of a 3 day visit to New York, I came here twice for dinner. It's rare that I'll be surrounded by a myriad of amazing food choices in a place like midtown, and with limited time I'd be willing to sacrifice a new experience to re-live an old one. But that's how good Dhaba was.Dhaba is tucked in Little India, and it's surrounded by other great Indian markets and restaurants. Despite that, judging from the reviews it's managed to make quite a name for itself by providing incredibly good food at reasonable prices, along with great service. It's easily the best Indian meal I've ever had, and has raised the bar for what I would like from Indian restaurants on this side of the Mississippi.I tend to stick to pretty safe dishes, and I don't feel compelled to add so much heat to my food that I can no longer taste it. So the garlic naan and chicken tikka masala, washed down with a mango lassi, perfectly hit the spot for me - twice! The leftovers even sat in my hotel room overnight, and I still risked picking at it well after it was past its prime (and you know what, it was still fantastic). Hard to beat an inspirational meal like that, and so I'm incredibly grateful I got to enjoy this establishment on my visit.
Okay, I know the 2/5 seems a little harsh but I don't know if it was an off day for them or the place is under new management but I was not impressed at all. Atmosphere: Probably the only reason for any stars but this place really captures that street, punjabi, indian "dhaba" feel. It has rustic walls with antique-ish lights hanging low and wooden tables, food served in silver plates. They captured all of that well. However, the tables were a little too close for comfort, we practically ate with the people seated next to us.. awkward. And it was WAYYYYY too loud because of how dense the seating was, I felt I had to yell over the table to communicate at all. Food: BLEH. The pani puri didn't taste like pani puri- super mediocre. The pani was too sweet, lack of spice, and just didn't do anything for us. The shrimp and chicken dishes were asked to be made spicy but tasted sweet. They both seemed to have the same exact sauce/curry but with different protein- major flaw. Service: another BLEH. They had no system of who was assigned to what table, which left many of us begging for their attention and having to ask to get water refills. Very inattentive. Price: Not worth all what it's hyped to be. Will I be back? lol, im sure you know the answer to that by now - NO.
Such delicious well seasoned food.  Never disappoints.  Good service.  Usually deafening noise. Luckily this time so quiet.  Service always good.  Highly recomnend.
I'm proud to say I discovered this spot in my own neighborhood through a Yelp Elite event and I've been hooked ever since. It's always a great experience. We love Indian food and this place (figuratively) delivers ever time. Because there are so many reviews, let me just review this place for their lunch buffet.Lunch buffet is kind of an odd phrase - who wants to eat so much at lunch? Only to go back to work and fall asleep? For me, Dhaba isn't about the quantity so much as it is about the quality and variety. Dhaba offers the buffet Mon-Sat so even those of us with traditional work schedules can enjoy.On a recent Dhaba trip, the buffet food was piping hot and tasty. The chicken tikka masala was flavorful with a robust gravy. The beans were also good but the pumpkin was the star of the show. I wish I were a Vegan so I could eat this pumpkin ever day.They brought us out some little fried appetizers, which was nice, but they were cold. The chef also went to the tables with a plate of tandoori chicken offering to serve it to diners. Nicer touch, I thought.The damage is $12pp and we didn't eat for the rest of the day. It was an awesome lunch.Pro tip: if Dhaba is too crowded, head across the street to Chote Nawab. Lunch specials instead of buffet and same owners/food.
Food is from ok to good   ,  Depending on different dishes .  They give you very very less bhaji with Pav . That much bhaji is very less for a person even who eats less gravy .When asked for bhaji again they said sorry we can't give again . That was kind of rude .Went on 30th July 2017
I came here for the buffet on a Saturday, and it was okay. There's not a lot of options - plain rice, chicken biryani, tikka masala, goat curry, mixed vegetable curry, okra curry, and saag paneer (spinach). There was a dessert too and some chutneys available, and they brought naan to the table and went around with tandoori chicken. The curries were okay; not very oily which was much appreciated, but not very flavorful either. The curries seemed watered down, and it wasn't spicy enough. The chicken was quite good and tender, but it was a bit overcooked, almost bordering mushy which is a pretty weird texture for chicken. The naan was good, quite soft and chewy. The buffet came out to be a bit more than $14 post-tax, which seems to be very little for a buffet but the options just weren't there.
Best Indian food in NYC. I've tried numerous spots around New York for Indian - all throughout TriBeCa and midtown. This place is in Little India - midtown east - and it gets packed really quickly, logically. The service here is decent but the food here is unparalleled. It's very fresh, clean, and authentic. It's a little pricey (15 for a chicken tikka masala, but have to order rice separately), but it is really good quality and good portion. I absolutely love this place. It's good for groups, dates, and for take out. Must try!
So I have been to this place many times only for the lunch buffet which I believe is from 12pm-3pm for around $13/person (not including tip). I never get to take pictures because I always come famished and vacuum all the food before I can get a pic so words will have to suffice.I have been to several Indian buffets and Dhaba is definitely one of my favorites (the other is Seva in Astoria). The buffet selection has the standard chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, biryani, kheer, some other two meat and veggie dish with a bunch of sauces on the side. When you sit down someone will bring you pakora, water, freshly grilled tandoori chicken is always walking around and unlimited naan :P. The buffet at this location does not serve subpar dishes unlike many other establishments so don't worry, you have made a wise choice and will be in the right side of history. All the dishes are well seasoned, tender and not too greasy. The tandoori chicken is also quite tender, smokey and well seasoned. But the showstopper is that freshass naan. Naan is unlimited and it is made fresh to order. Dhaba has the fluffiest, warmest, buttery-goodness-I-allow-you-to-give-me-a-heartattack naan. When you pull it apart, you see that steam roll out and you sandwich a piece of chicken and soak it in the sauce.....just orgasm in your mouth. Don't even bother with rice, get naan every day, every night. Amen.This place does get packed and loud pretty quick so you might have to lean a bit to hear your fellow hangry companion.
We were a group of four on a Wednesday evening and the restaurant was moderately busy. Not the best Indian food but ok. Food came out fast, favorite was the samosa chaat. The service needs improvement, we were unnecessarily rushed. There were plenty of empty tables so there was no need to rush us.
Oh man this place is so legit. Came here for the weekday lunch buffet ($13) which is an incredibly good deal for what they offer. Choices include ~10 different dishes on the main buffet line (like chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, aloo ghobi), along with naan and tandoori chicken that they bring to your table. My favorite was the lamb biryani. Clean, organized, and nice/efficient service. One of the better Indian buffets I've been to. Definitely check it out, but be weary because it's easy to go HAM on this food.
Had a lovely group dinner including our favorite the goat tandoori. Won't be a bargain and with so many options around it's not must repeat imo. But definitely what we expected and enjoyable.
The lunch buffet is excellent food for a reasonable price. Unfortunately the space is so crowded -- around the tables and especially around the buffet -- that it detracted from the experience. People were constantly weaving around our table while we were sitting, and every time we stood up we were immediately in someone's way.
This is probably one my favorite place when I am in city. The food is amazing and reminds me of Indian Dhabas. The service was excellent whenever I visited. Must try Dhaba style chicken curry and lassi. Don't forget to ask for specials. Call for reservation because it's busy most of the time.
I really enjoyed coming here in this is my to go Indian spot in Murray Hill. This place is usually packed so be sure not to go during rush hour. If you go during dinner hours they give you three chutneys along with papad, or a crispy bread like item for the table. I love the chutneys and be sure to ask for more when your food comes around. As for the appetizers I have tried the pau bhaji, samosa chaat, and pani puri. The pani puri is mediocre but the other two are great. As for the main dish i always get the curry malai markee paneer with garlic naan and I am never disappointed. I've tried a bunch of the other curries as well but this one is definitely the best. It is a rich buttery flavorful curry base with cut up cubes of cheese or "paneer" in it. It is so good! Be sure to ask for your food spicy if you like spicy food.I've been here numerous times and have always been satisfied. But last week I went here for lunch and was seriously disappointed at the service. Our waiter came to our table maybe once the entire time we were there. He did not come to refill waters, he did not come to bring us extra chutney when we asked for it, and we felt like he was doing us a favor when we were ordering food. We had to actually get the attention of other waitstaff to ask them to bring us extra Chutney, refill our water and at the end bring us our check. It was extremely poor service and it wasn't even busy! If it wasn't for this I would definitely rate this place five stars!
My first authentic Indian experience in NYC.  Buffet style lunch with about 12 different meal items.  To be honest, not sure of any if the names other than tici masala (sp?).   The bread was fresh out of the oven.  Quaint atmosphere.  Definitely swing by
Delicious brunch. I have been coming here for the past 7-8 years. With the explosion of Indian restaurants in the area, this has been my go to place that is consistently delicious. They say you can judge an Indian restaurant by their chicken tikka masala. Their Chicken tikka is delicious!
Food was average. Papads were too oily. When asked for roasted papad(paid), I was told they are out of roasted papad- highly unbelievable. Looks like they want to kick out customers when closing time. Not recommended.
Delicious, rich Indian British food in a restaurant with nice ambience and good service!  Loved the saag paneer- not too salty as it is often over salted at other restaurants.  A new favorite!
Good food, but absurdly slow delivery on several occasions, including a 2.5 hour wait.
I never write reviews but this place is dirty! How they pass the health inspection is beyond my comprehension. Bathrooms were fitly, the service was so so. They charge for rice! Expensive and the food was nothing to write about. WE were a party of 6 foodies and we were grossed out. My recommendation if you want to avoid the heath department is clean up your establishment.
Jesus christ just get the lunch special or go in time for the buffet like we were supposed to do.......Ordered lamb rogan josh (very good meat) and butter malai chicken (also very good, I loved the sauce) and some naan and rice. $50 -- what the hell? $4.50 for rice and another $4.50 for bread. What.The waiters made you wait around. The mason jar water glasses were cloudy. THE WORST PART was it wasn't even a hot day outside and the AC was so cold my food was cold when it was on my plate for less than 2 minutes. Food shouldn't get cold. We had to put on our jackets.
Pretty descent food. Service leaves ALOT to be desired. Nann is way undercooked. Asked a staff member what an item was, and hew a very uninterested in giving a reply. But all in all, not bad.
This place is a favorite of my friends and I. I usually order Lamb Rogan Josh with garlic naan, but can also strongly recommend the saag paneer, curry chicken on the bone, and of course the tikka masala.
This place is my go-to for Indian food in curry hill. I've never been disappointed with delivery or eating in. I will say that they possibly put more butter/pixie dust when you dine in, because somehow it tastes way better than delivery. I've tried the other places on this block but really for North Indian food, don't even bother. My favorite is the Chicken Kali Mirch.
I really enjoyed this place. Every time I come to New York I have to get Curry. This is the best I've had in NYC. The ambiance is great and the food is truly unbelievable. I can't remember what the chicken appetizer was but I this it was some kind of kabob. OMG! Someone ordered the mushroom appetizer and I almost asked them for a bite it looked that good. And they said it was awesome. Chicken khali Mirch had all the flavor pop and heat you would expect. The other thing that was pretty Kool is they have a separate menu for traditional British style curry. Lastly the chai tea was great. I can't wait to go back. Phenomenal!
Food is tasty but service is bad. We waited an hour for our food only to know it was not entered into their system. The waiter accidentally poured water into our naan and wasn't attentive enough to at least replace it immediately. Towards the end of our dinner they kept asking us if we are done already, when we say we're still working on it they would come back and ask the same after 10 mins like they want to throw us out as soon as they can. They tried to make up for the mess by giving us a 1 free entrée and 20% discount.
I got contacted my their manager. He seemed concern with my bad experience at their place and ever offered to reimburse the money for the food that I didn't like. Of course I will not go and take the money from him, I did eat the food, the fact that I didn't like it is a different story. Still good customer service from their end. +2 stars added.
Dhaba used to be our go-to choice for Indian.  We'd visit every 6 to 8 weeks.  Then other good places opened up - Chote Nawab, Malai Marke, and Pippali.  You know how that works - the shiny new places distract you from your old favorite.  We last visited Dhaba 2 years ago and we were due back.  A second motivation was that Hemant Mathur now oversees Dhaba's kitchen and we wanted to see if there had been any changes for the better.And speak of the devil, as we approached the restaurant last Saturday night there was Hemant right in front, a big smile on his face, chatting with a happy couple.  We took it as a good omen.I've already posted extensively on the ambiance of the restaurant so there's no need to repeat that.  The interior seems unchanged.  The menu also seemed similar to the pre-Mathur Dhaba.  This was good news since I had previously had some concern a full scale revamp would result in the disappearance of some of our old favorites.  Our quick take?  The food is probably 5% to 10% better than it was previously, a nice trick since Dhaba has always performed at a high level. We ordered -Chapli Kabob - minced lamb with roasted coriander and green chiliesfarm6.staticflickr.com/5…Pahadi Murgh Kabab - skewered chicken in red masalafarm6.staticflickr.com/5…Lamb Seekh Kabob skewered lamb rollsfarm1.staticflickr.com/6…Chicken Kali Mirch - chicken in a creamy peppercorn saucefarm1.staticflickr.com/5…The three grilled dishes were superb.  Juicy and fully spiced.  Our impression was that the spicing was a touch more complex than previously.  My GF's curry was also excellent.  (For some reason I forgot to taste it on Saturday, a mistake I'll fix when we have our leftovers.)(A warning - if you're especially sensitive to salt you might want to order carefully.  We found the salt level on the high level of acceptability.)Dhaba deserves to go back in our rotation.  We look forward to exploring the menu and trying some new additions.
We really liked the food there.We ordered Methi matar malai and dal tadka and both were good. It took a while for the order to come but worth waiting for the delicious food.
I ordered goat curry.. On the bone which is the proper way. Great food! A little over cooked but tasty. Im really picky too. I wish they had roti. Perfect amount of spice. I can't wait to try another curry!
One of the most authentic Indian cuisine restaurants in NYC. Top 5 for sure.  Cool atmosphere. A bit cramped but so worth it. Meat wise... The only other place that compares is Bukhara as far matching tenderness and flavor profiles. Bukhara is quite a bit more pricey as well. Nice , cool and casual dining experience. The paneer tikka for starters is also one of the better dry paneer preparations you'll get. One of the best lunch buffets in the city as well and for only $10??? You can't go wrong. One of my favorite restaurants in the city. Also, their butter chicken is the best I've ever had outside of India.
Wish I never had to write a review like this! Had come back after having a sumptuous meal few years ago...the food quality has certainly declined and the exorbitant prices don't do justice.. Sour mango lassi, chicken appetizer quantity was negligible, Dahiwala chicken and naan were total disappointment... The server was always in a haste to to clean up :((
Went in here for lunch with my buddies and got the balchao, achari, and bhuna all with white chicken. They were just the right amount of flavor burst and the chicken wasn't dry (big 1up there from me) but I must say, the balchao was by far the best out of the three!! We also had the lamb biryani, it was okay. Nothing to drool over, really. But good nonetheless, wasn't too disappointed with it. Ambience wise -it was very nice, dimly lit, and moderately quiet. Service was also nice and friendly. It's worth a try! :)
We had been here the last time we visited New York and I don't know if it is change of ownership or what happened but it was such a pleasant experience last time- So good we wanted to bring our friends and family here and even do a client dinner here this time but I'm glad that didn't happen because they would have been left disappointed. We walked in for an early dinner here Monday around 5pm. We were greeted promptly by the hostess who was very nice. We sat down with our menus for almost 10 mins deciding on what to eat/drink now normally someone would come 1-2 mins after you have sat down to ask if they can get you something to drink or put an appetizer in for you...that did not happen. And still after we closed the menu it took someone about 5 mins to come over to us. It looks like maybe one of the owners or one of his family members is the waiter he was not very friendly at all didn't smile or ask us if we have any questions on the menu. So we ordered our food; Veggie Somoza- 1 star pretty awful dryChole bature-5 stars the best thing here Chicken tikka masala mild- it might as well be no spice or no taste at all because this was the blandest thing on their menu and completely watered downDahiwala bindi- decent Lamb korma mild - this had potential but once again bland no spice at all the lamb was tender thoughAll in all I won't be returning and this was a waste of our time. We have a very strict food itinerary when we visit New York and we eat at only the best places to maximize our time here and I'm so sad that we ate here and not another one of the wonderful Indian spots around this area that would have probably loved to have us there. This place got cocky because of their good reviews and service and food went down the drain.
Indian food takes time to prepare and cook and this place was definitely worth the wait. Upon arriving around 7 on a Sunday, the small restaurant was packed with Indian families. You know a restaurant must be good if the natives are here. I ordered the Aloo Saag which is a curry with spinach and potatoes. It looks simple but it was packed with flavor. I also loved the lentil chips that kept us munching while we waited for our food. This is a great place for eaters with dietary restrictions.
Do you wanna try real spicy from India? come here foreigner :) the place is cool, the service is good and the food amazing! but your paws will set on fire ;D totally recommended!
I returned today after a long time away from this buffet (pardon the internal rhyme, or not). Boy, was I glad I did!While I, like some of the diners I overheard in line with me, had been hoping a lamb dish would make an appearance, it did not. However, the fish that did appear was absolutely delicious: boneless, perfectly flaky, in a not-too-heavy sauce. As for the vegetables...wow! My favorite was the bindi masala, which appears to have improved even more since my last visit. Its texture was more refined. The eggplant saag carried even more eggplant and a stronger gingery kick than I remembered---and that was fine with me! Matar paneer was exceptionally light on the palate and in the stomach.Complimentary chaat continues and they do some fine chaat here. Also, the waiter coming around with the tandoori first gave me one piece, then immediately asked if I wanted a second. Of course I did. This is the only place I know that doesn't just give you one. Later, when I had had my fill of proteins, he even asked if I would like a second. I politely declined, but was very impressed.If there is one thing that could be improved here, it would be desserts. Most other places around offer two whereas Dhaba usually just has one. I would love to see them do rasmalai and/ or gajar ka halwa instead of semolina halwa or gulab jamon for a change.Still, Dhaba doesn't disappoint, and it's more than fairly priced. It has no competition for being my number one Lexington Ave buffet stop!
Loved the chicken tikka masala here along with the garlic naan. The food really reminds me of my favorite places in Delhi! The service was attentive, and the wait for food just the right timing! I will definitely recommend this place to friends!Would also recommend the lamb korma as its creamy and yummmm !
Very tasty lunch buffet for $13 - nice selection of meat and veggie dishes, delicious raita and mango chutney in the condiments section, and they're very attentive and walk making sure you're well supplied with naan, tandoori chicken and aloo tikki appetizers. Super delicious chicken.
Well it looks like Dhaba is popular and I'm about to do some raining on some parades.I came here with my Indian food-loving friend as I do not choose to eat Indian food on my own.  We wandered in because it looked cute, which it was.  I ordered the saag paneer and asked that it be on the milder side, lest it burn my face off.  Lucky me, it still burned my face off.  (Yes I'm that sensitive to spice.)My friends, on the other hand, enjoyed the food, but I was not happy.  Mostly because it was too spicy for me to enjoy and because naan didn't come with our entrees, like it should have.Boo you, Dhaba.
My friend brought me here because it had been a long time since I had really good Indian food. I ate quite a lot of good Indian food in my six years in London and Dhaba's  hit the spot. We ordered naan, balsamic rice, chicken korma, sag veggie dish and red curry lamb. I enjoyed every dish and left very satisfied.
Great service, fine ambience, and excellent food. Be sure to try the onion fritters and the poori. My friend said the lamb vindaloo is best he has ever had.
Really good food! Great for authentic Indian. Met up with an old friend and we had a great time. We got the shahi paneer, navratan korma and a mushroom appetizer. Really tasty. And they serve water in mason jars, which is fun and trendy. I would definitely recommend.
The only thing more horrible than the food here is their service! And don't dare to enter their rest room because that will surely give you a nightmare
Went here for Brunch. Great buffet. I'm a vegetarian, so i can't speak for the meat dishes, but everything was well made, my girlfriend really liked the chole. The only complaint I have is that they put ice in the mango lassis, just remember to ask for the lassi without ice and you should be fine.
I've only had the buffet, but it's excellent. The saag paneer here is unlike any other rendition of this dish I've had elsewhere. It's got mushrooms or something in it, well cooked and soft, which blend perfectly into the spinach, which is smooth and actually spicy (a definite plus). I got seconds simply to get more of this dish.The chicken biryani is good--kind of dry, but the spices rubbed on the chicken and mixed into the rice make up for that. It tastes like a lot of care went into the creation of this dish. The naan was pillowy and soft. Tandoori chicken arrived at our table, along with naan and some pakoras, all complimentary. I love tandoori chicken and it was great here--juicy, not dried out--but it was eclipsed by the other dishes. This is a great place for a quick, delicious lunch if you're in the area. I know I will be again soon...
My indian friend recommended this place, so it had to be good. But I wouldn't believe him till I tried it for myself. My friends both had kingfisher beers while I had a vodka tonic. It automatically came with Grey Goose (of course I have to pay more) but I can't complain. It was very smooth.We had onion bhajis for our appetizers. It wasn't too greasy, it was delicious!For our mains, we ordered garlic naan, plain naan, rice, chicken vindoloo, chicken tikka masala, chicken butter masala. The chicken was very tender and it was cut into bite sized pieces so I didn't need a knife.Our bill came up to $96, not the cheapest but for the good food we got, it was def worth it.
Excellent food with quality service. The waiter got kind of snarky when I asked for more tamarind chutney but imma let it slide. The lamb with spinach and lentils was delicious, and this was a top 3 mulligatawny soup I've had in my life. The ambience was similar to most Indian places, a little dark but with nice background music. All in all, probably one of the best Indian places I've had in Manhattan, was totally worth the trip from the west side.
Best Indian food for carnivores in Murray hill.  Chicken tikka masala, chicken korma and naan are delicious.Have had delivery from here multiple times and it's been prompt.  Have also dined in and although it's typical NYC (very close tables so you're in the next tables conversation) it's a nice atmosphere.
The food is ok, orderd ala carte, roomali roti is not authentic. Butter chicken is a 3, Kali Mirch chicken is 2, tandoori rotis are 2,mango lassi 1, service is 0, all ratings are out of 5,dirty bathroom, unpleasant cashier.
I can safely say that I thought every dish we ordered was delicious at Dhaba, and the service was both efficient and informative. Although we were only two for dinner, we ordered an array of food that could've fed four! We had the following entrees:Chicken butter masala Dal Makhni (creamy black lentils, fresh coriander, ginger)Kadai Bindi (homestyle okra with garden herbs). We also ordered garlic naan and regular basmati rice (which was mixed with green peas) to go with our entrees. We had Bhel Pori (puffed rice with various savory ingredients) to start with a Kingfisher beer. The only thing I would pass on from this meal would be the Bhel Pori (it wasn't as crispy as I would have liked). Great choice for Indian food in a relaxed, trendy setting.
Excellent Indian cuisine. I really love this restaurant. Just the right amount of spice! The naan bread is perfect and the curries I have tried were so yummy! Highly recommend!!!
The food was good. One of the few places that serves roomali roti... However, it is not close to the authentic roomali roti... This felt more like a really huge paratha...Hence the 3 stars
As soon as I entered the restaurant the place was PACKED with people but I didn't have to wait long for a table surprisingly. The tables are very close to each other and might be too cozy for people who's a bit claustrophobic. But overall it has a great ambiance, good selection of food (except the naan) and the lunch buffet price is UNBEATABLE. Our bill was less than $25 between two people! Looking forward to going back!
$10.95 lunch buffet is delicious and definitely more than worth the price. Naan, 2 kinds of rice, 3 veggie and 2 chicken options. Plus 5 chutneys!
First time at this place. Paneer tikka starter came as a sizzler; was good but filling as they were 5 big piece of paneer.Main course I ordered Kadai Bindi and Malai Kofta. Bindi was good, kofta as always on the sweeter side but taste was good. Got rumali roti after a long time; was good, quite large for one, unless ur very hungry. Overall not bad.
This is a pretty decent place for the buffet. Some highlights:1) Lamb rice- the pieces of lamb are tender and delicious2) Tandoori chicken (only served on request -take 2 when they pass around the tray)3) Eggplant, pretty tasty4) Rice dessert is a good after-lunch snack5) Tika chicken- my friend really enjoyed thisLowlights:1) Fish dish was not my favorite2) No yellow dhal (they do have black dhal)3) Some of the dishes were just OK
I'm very picky when it comes to Indian Food. Dhaba is hands down the best Indian place in curry hill. Everything I eat here is top notch and you will not be disappointed.
I always bring my family and friends here when they visit nyc. This place has a trendy and fun atmosphere and very friendly staff. The restaurant is great for a one-on-one dinner date or even for larger parties. The only downside is that the restaurant can get pretty crowded. If you're looking for a quiet dining experience, this place is not it.I usually try to avoid the Curry Hill area but this restaurant truly stands out. The food is amazing! Menu has great options for vegetarians and nonvegs. I usually order tons of food. My favorite appetizer is the gobi(manchurian style), fav veg dish: Malai Kufta, fav curry dish: goat curry, and shrimp tandoori. Also make sure you try their mango margaritas! Happy eating!
Sad food,sad service. The food was bland and had no taste. I was able to taste the raw spices in the chana masala.
Great date spot in Curry Hill.Read the reviews on here on decided to try this place for dinner. Great Indian food and generous portions at a reasonable price. Great vegetarian options.Service was extremely attentive even though the place was packed. I would definitely recommend going here.
Went for dinner on Saturday evening. Food is subpar so if you are looking for a good indian food skip this place. We ordered sham savera appetizer which was $10 and all we got was one spinach ball...yes just one ball split in two with a little gravy. Paneer malai marke was tasteless and without salt and subzi palak malai had just potatoes and eggplant in it which tasted so bad. Their roomali roti is like big chapati and not real roomali roti so skip that as it was def not worth $5. We also got vegetable biryani which was okay and edible. There are so many other better restaurants on Lexington avenue so rather than paying over $100 for 2 vegetarian gravies and rice and bread go somewhere else and make your money count.
Came here on a Saturday night and they were really busy but I was still able to get a reservation a few hours beforehand.  Everything about my experience was great - the food was really good (Biryani, Lamb Rogan Josh, and a Chicken Curry - and there was lots of it!), the service was also really good and they have GIANT beers :)
My litmus test for Indian restaurants is the Chicken Tikka Masala, and this place just didn't do it for me.  None of the dishes really have a distinct flavor that really stood out; and as I came for the lunch buffet, I was able to try a sampling of their menu.  Although their naan was very tasty.  The restaurant itself is pretty modern for an Indian restaurant.  I loved the light fixtures. The service was also great.  The attentive waiter filled up our naan right away as well as our water glasses which are needed for some of the spicier dishes.  Notes: Lunch Buffet: M-F: $10.95, S: $11.95, and Sunday $12.95.
Really good food- had the chicken kali mirch (peppercorn sauce), kurkuri bindi (fried okra), chicken tikka masala,and shrimp tikka masala ( I ordered some dishes to go).  OMG-- REALLY REALLY GOOD TIKKA MASALA. The kali mirch was excellent but the tikka masala was died-and-gone-to-heaven good. Had mango martini and ginger fizz-- drinks were weak & not that tasty. Maybe I'll stick with wine or order a simple cocktail a la carte next time. Service was good and attentive. My friend and I dined on a Tue night, around 6pm.  It was pretty early so there were not that many people were at the restaurant at the time.
Six of us happened upon a bustling slip of a restaurant, while on our quest for s great Indian meal.  We ordered 4 appetizers - each one more delicious than the one before.  Each main course selection was fabulous.  All dishes packed heat even if they didn't advertise it as "spicy".  A significant negative was when the bill arrived it added a gratuity in but reflected the total as s pre-gratuity  amount.
Dhaba is Da Bomb!!! Their food here is absolutely slamming and it's never disappointing. NEVER! The only disappointment you'll find is if you didn't come here with an empty stomach.Their selections are small, about 8 different choices. But if you tried all eight, trust me, it doesn't feel small at all. The best part about DB is that their food are completely fresh, especially when you see waiters eagerly walking round and trying to serve you chicken tikki that came straight out of the grill. And trust me; they really are eager because they will literally try to put three legs on your plate to the point where you have to tell them to PLEASE STOP. So next time, when you're in the neighborhood and you're feeling piggish, you should definitely go here if you're trying to live it up with a ten-dollar bill!
All I can say is authentic North Indian food. Went for a lunch buffet with a couple of friends .. The lamb curry was the best. One of the most delicious lamb curries I have ever eaten.. I can't give this place anything less than 5 star. If u work or live or visit this side of New York must try this place atleast once.
Great modern take on Indian food. Enjoyable contemporary atmosphere and music. Friendly staff was always available but never pushy. Came in by myself for a late dinner - had samosas which were great - very fresh - and chicken korma which was a bit mild but super flavorful.
Came here on a friday for dinner, 7pm, no reservations, place was packed, but snagged a seat in seconds.If you sit on the side seats with the colorful decorations, you might want to think again, I don't think the vacuumed or cleaned that fabric since they've been open.  (Notice how its dark when you go in there, they probably set the mood, AND to hide the dirt and grim on the side).Ordered Chicken Vindalooooo, dish had some heat, and packed a punch, just what I wanted.  It didn't come with rice, had to order that separately ($15) I would think it should come with rice but it doesnt, rice costs extra during dinner I guess?Garlic nan was soft and toasty, nothing wrong, nothing too spectacular.Ordered the first laml dish on the menu, came out looking like ground beef, and also tasted like ground beef, it would taste good when its wrapped inside some naan like a taco...so that's what I did.  I got a look from the person in the table next to me, hey I eat how I want to want to with my food, what you looking at for, don't judge.  Anyways tasted good when I wrapped it like a taco with my garlic naan.Service was ok, slow on refilling my water, the chicken vindaloo had heat, I was drinking more water than they can fill.Not much value..but tasted good.  Had leftovers for bunch the next day.  When I asked for them to pack my food to go , they gave me the check right after, I wanted to look at the dessert menu!  But I guess they kinda knew I wasn't going to order anything else?  Anyways they were right that I didn't want dessert, but still would be nice to be offered!Dinner expensive imo, but lunch buffet seems more worth it.  Come here next time for lunch!
Love it!!!!  All you can eat buffet for $10, this place is a steal. The food is very very authentic and fresh and will fill you up and make you enjoy the rest of your afternoon in corporate hell. Ambiance and decor is also very cool, it makes you feel young and trendy when you come sit down and eat here. Just beware of the two glass doors when you coming and going, especially once that food coma instantly sets in. One is pull and one is push. Everyone gets stuck!
So I found this place on Yelp and ordered take out while waiting in the main dining area. My biggest curiosity about this place is how in the world did they manage to get 1000+reviews. My impressions. The food I brought home was good. Mind you food is always not as great when you trek it back home so you have to read my review with a bit of a discount but overall I thought the food was good. I got the (and yes I will misspell it sorry) Aloo Gobi, Chicken Tandoori and Ticka Missalla. I thought everything we got was well made and decent. The restaurant space was ok, not particularly interesting. So overall, I thought it was a good place, I just am wondering how it amassed so many good reviews. Oh I thought it was a bit pricey for what I got.
One of my favorite Indian restaurants! We always tend to come here when we're in the area. Must be a popular spot cause all the other neighboring Indian restaurants on the block are always empty! Chicken tikka masala is always my favorite, my bf always ordered the Saag (sp?). Garlic naan is always a must! The complimentary chips w/ the sauces are so good I just want to lick them off of that little dish it comes in. Nice decor, good service, no complaints!
Great service and food!  It's a small place packed with tables and chairs but I've always been able to sit right up front near the windows so never felt crammed next to other party's dining here.Eats I like here:PooriGoat PhaalChicken KormaLamb BhunaDal MakhniLamb KeemaPav BhajiShrimp BiryaniNan no butterThey recommend a reservation because it's such a small place but they will accommodate if they can.
I hadn't eaten at an Indian buffet in a long time, so I spontaneously decided to do so after merely eating a few sheets of laver and a granola bar for breakfast.  How did I decide upon Dhaba?  I'm not sure, though it could be because some friends said they serve butter naan to complement the buffet. Indeed, they did.I was seated right next to a well-heated radiator, which might've been dangerous if I had just raided the shelves by a CVS cashier.  Not to mention, the seat back wasn't very high, so my coat (and many others) kept getting dragged under the leg.I didn't see all of the expected choices at the chafing dishes.  They had chicken tikka masala, but other than that, I was glad to have baigan bharta (mashed eggplant), mutter paneer and daal.  The dessert was suji halva, which reminded me of a couple of other good semolina-based sweets from Turkey.   I reckon the dishes change daily, but tikka masala is probably a stalwart.As for the service, decent.  Water was refilled without asking, plates were quickly cleared and butter naan and another appetizer (filled with potato, doused in tamarind) were provided.  The restaurant wasn't too crowded when I went, at around 2pm, but service like that is worthy of a good tip.
The neighborhood has lots of options but in my experience Dhaba has been consistently awesome.  Although I like to try new things, I know whats good for me and this spot never disappoints.  Stopped by last night with a friend who had never been and he LOVED it (as per expected).  The service was great and although the restaurant was busy we were served right away and didn't wait too long for the food.We shared:  Baigan da Bharta (smooth like butter) Chicken Dahiwala (heaven - seriously every bite was godly)Shrimp Tikka Masala  (WHATTTTTTTTTT - insanely good)Chili Onion Naan (perfection)If you are in the hood don't miss it.  Dhaba is amazing every time.
Disappointing. This place is all name and no meaning i.e. their dishes are named authentically but do not do any justice to those names whatsoever. Their chkn tikka masala was sweet when we ordered it medium spicy. They took it away and brought it back 2 mins later by just adding some red chilli powder to the gravy. That's not cool!! if you're gonna bring the same thing back atleast have the sense to let the spice settle in. Now it was sweet and spicy chkn tikka masala! Congrats on the invention!!! Their parantha and naans were good though.P.s: I am a delhi bred, my taste of food might be a bit different. I think this is a good American-Indian restaurant. Though, my wife, who's German, did not like it at all either!!!Just not an authentic Indian restaurant. Desis!! DO NOT GO!!
Came here for early dinner with my son and my friend.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  The food comes out so we can sample it family style,  and we tried chicken biryani, chicken eggplant (one of their signature dishes), a lamb dish, and vegetable samosas.  Except for the biryani,  which was a little on the dry side, all the dishes were tasty and well seasoned.  Apparently,  they have a good weekend brunch buffet, and we may just come back for that one to sample even more of their menu.
4.5 stars.Saturday night around 8 pm - pretty crowded. We snagged a table without waiting, but throughout our stay, there were times where a line formed. Probably not more than a 10 minute wait or so.Pros:- Food quality is superior to other Indian restaurants I've been to. - Chicken Vindaloo: I've had chicken vindaloo at nearly ever Indian restaurant I've been to and flavor wise this was the best I've had. It's a thicker sauce than other vindaloos, too, and it's amazing. I do wish it had been a bit spicier, but it was still spicy. I'm used to my vindaloos being spicy enough to need a kleenex. White meat.- Chicken Dahiwala: Amazing. I'm not going to lie, it's pretty much a more flavorful Alfredo sauce, but still delicious. It's a yogurt gravy with onions and coriander. Fresh tasting, but still clearly very rich and very creamy. White meat.- Ambiance: definitely more modern than other Indian restaurants. Dim lighting, square tables, it gives off a sleeker vibe.Cons:- This is one of the more expensive Indian places and it's really not cool that dishes do not come with rice. You have to pay $3 extra. You clearly cannot eat the dishes without a side of rice, so it's a sneaky way to make your meal more expensive while only writing the price of the entree. Every extra rice you order is $3 more.- I do wish they offered a steamed rice option. The basmati rice they have is made with butter, and find, but nothing spectacular.- The background music is too loud.Bottom line is you're paying more for delicious and good quality Indian food.
I love this place. Make sure you go to the buffet that starts at noon every day!
Thier AC was out and they were not warning anyone.  Service was a bit slow; maybe it was the heat!Food was good.
Quality Indian buffet. Got right in on an early Sunday afternoon. The selection was pretty decent, I wish the naan was a bit fresher.
My experience with Indian food is low, but this was one of my favorites. I ordered the Aloo Gobi off the vegan menu and absolutely loved it. It was slightly spicy (I would have loved it spicier) and well seasoned. I enjoyed the cumin-cardamom combination.The service was slightly awkward. Multiple servers helped us out and each of them made us feel a little off. Friendly, just awkward.
TheIr lunch buffet is a great way to sample an assortment of the Indian dishes in one sitting.  Reasonably priced offering daal, sag paneer, chicken Marsala, chicken biryani and mattar paneer, to name a few.  After you're seated with your plate piled up, they'll come around to your table with fresh Naan and tandoori chicken legs.  Good eats.
I've been to Dhaba twice thus far and I'd say it's becoming a go-to for Indian food. Despite that my dining companion was going to be arriving in 15 minutes, they happily seated me at a table and invited me to wait with a beverage. I have a weakness for Chicken Tikka Masala, and when I asked them to lay the spice on me, they did. The mango lassi was also tasty, if a little odd served over ice.  Vegetable samosas were quite good and tasty with the tray of chutneys that came along with, onion, mint and tamarind sauce.The ONLY complaint I have (and it's minor) is that in their desire to give us good service we were asked the same questions several times by several different waitstaff, regarding drinks and order, like about six times.If that's the worst thing that happens, I'd say things are overall pretty good, but it doesn't seem as if there's one waiter assigned for a table.Regardless, highly recommended.
Kinda 4.5 stars... Mucho Better than standard Indian fare.Really amazing saag paneer with a bit of a complexity and depth to the flavor.  Lovely garlic & cheese naan. Clean environment & quite crowded with people- it seems beloved by many. Wd def return
What are those little cracker things that they serve with the three chutneys? They're SO GOOD. Wish I had some to munch on right now.l had been craving Indian for weeks and my friend suggested Dhaba for dinner. The portions may look a little small at first, but we were absolutely stuffed by the end of our meal (those bowls are deep, yo).Everything was pretty much on point - the garlic naan, saag paneer, chicken tikka masala, and mango lassi were all fantastic!
Good Decent indian food in NY.Gets crowded during weekends though.
I went here for my high school reunion party. We all had great expectations from Dhaba since all my friends always rave about the food out here.The decor is kind of upscale with really nice lights. The seating was very comfortable.Now coming to why I gave two stars to this place. It's because of the food and service offered here. We started off we some appetizers. We ordered pav bhaji(bread with potato dish) and Chaat Masala. Both the appetizers were just average, nothing to rave about. For the main course we went with Chilli Paneer Masala and Palak(Spinach) Paneer with garlic and plain naan's and for drinks we had mango lassi.I must say the Chilli Paneer was really nice but palak panner disappointed us which was completely bland. Even Mango lassi did not entice me at all.The Chilli Paneer was served to us in a small kadhai(container) and we were not told by the server that it is dead hot. Due to which my friend ended up burning his fingers which totally ruined our evening. When we told the staff about the incident, the staff said they were not aware that the container was very hot. The management should pull up their socks on how to serve the people with care and pride.
The food is great! Hate that I have to pay for rice separately, but other than that, I've always had great service and delicious meals here.
Come for the lunch buffet, that's the only time I'd say the prices are reasonable here.
Awesome buffet ..Best Indian food in NY..They serve delicious roasted chicken , bhelpuri and pani puri as the appetizers .. The pani puri I had was the best in USA :)Every item in the buffet was flavorful and delicious ..It reminded me of authentic Indian food in India !!Butter chicken, saag, hot naans , curries and sweet dishes everything was perfect!!I will definitely be back when I visit New York again !!
2 or 3 years ago the service was bad and food was average so was not on the top of our list. Few months ago we went to give it another try and it was great. The Bhindi Ghost and Palak Paneer are by far the best I have ever tasted anywhere in NY. It is our go to Indian restaurant now.
There are numerous indian restaurants in Curry hill and I have tried most of them. I think Dhaba is the best of all. It's a cozy place with decent ambience, has very courteous hosts and most importantly great food!!! I had chicken biryani, it was aptly spiced and extremely flavorful. Chicken was a lil hard for my taste though, still okay! Complimentary pappad could have been less oily too :P
First time having Indian food & I was impressed. The food is so flavorful & I love that there's options for vegetarians like me. Can't wait to come back !
There are a lot of Indian places in the vicinity, some good and others blah.  As one who worked in the nabe for many lunches and tried most, this was the most consistent in terms of solid, tasty food for a good value.To be fair, I'm guessing real Indian food experts roll their eyes when us Gringos debate their incredibly complex national cuisines, especially when we boil it down to buffets and steam tables.  That said, when it comes to NY buffets and Gringo-Indian, this place is really good.  And I'm more than happy to be told I need to try someplace else for real Indian.Because I will.
I would recommend Chicken Kali Mirch. The chicken was tender and flavor was mouth watering. I am looking forward to another visit soon :)
I'm going to start off this review by saying Indian is my least explored cuisine.  In an effort to expand my palate and give my tastebuds some new sensations, in addition to feeding into my poorly-mannered habit of eating with my hands, Indian seemed like a good fit.Based on all the reviews of Dhaba, I actually expected it to be a little bigger on the inside.  I was pleasantly surprised to find the restaurant to be a little smaller, more intimate, but very lively as music was blasting and the dimmed lights were set up for a perfect Saturday night atmosphere to cater to the twenty-something crowd (also a shock to me).  When seated, we were given a bowl of what looked like tortilla chips but thinner and more buttery to dip into three sauces, which I still have no idea what they are.  There was a dark red one that was sweet, a green one that was very Indian-tasting (I don't know how to describe it, but it wasn't the favorite), and a chunkier red one which was the one I enjoyed most.I'm not a connoisseur of Indian dishes so I relied on my handy dandy research skills to figure out what some good dishes would be to try.  For the appetizer, Time Out New York listed this as one of their 100 Best Dishes and Drinks in 2011, we ordered the crunchy Purani Delhi Ki Papri Chaat (GESUNDHEIT, I know), which is basically some sort of fried carb (tasted like fried pita) with a yogurt sauce and chick peas, among other spices.  Honestly, I'm not sure how to explain what it tasted like other than "good."  It was very textured between the fried crunchiness, creamy yogurtness, and soft chickpeaness (I know you're laughing trying to sound that one out).  As the entrees, we ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, because you really cannot go wrong ordering this staple at an Indian restaurant, dark meat Chicken Korma, and cheese nut naan bread.  Both chicken dishes were flavorful, saucy, messy, and delicious.  I also enjoyed the balance between sharing a savory tikka dish along with a sweeter korma, I mean I did say I wanted to have some new sensations going on in my mouth.The star of the meal was the NAAN (naan, I really love you).  I'm not sure if it's because I deprived myself of carbohydrates that day so the second my eyes saw it my brain was all "BREAD! OH BABY, YEAH!" or because I'm a huge cheese lover, but seriously, this sh*t is GOOD.  It's buttery, it's cheesy, it's soft, and when you pile chicken and curry and Indian goodness on it, fold it like a pizza, and devour the concoction, your tongue and tummy will thank you.  Your tummy may thank you a little too much though, because as we all know, Indian food is notorious for having it's after effects.
dimly lit but nice casual indian spot among a street FULL of indian restaurants! 3.5 STARSi was super early for my opentable rsvp but the place was pretty empty so they let me sit while i waited for a friend!we ordered from the Lamb/Goat menu!----Pudine Wala Keema: minced lamb.. wasn't too flavorful/juicy to me since its minced----Achari Gosht: lamb curry.. TASTY & the meat was so tender & not gamey at all!!!----garlic naan: legit garlic kick! the naan was yummy & fluffy, but i do prefer it thinnerbasmati rice & naan cost extra, but are totally necessary to complete the meal!!
I was hugely disappointed. Was really expecting a better service after seeing 1000+reviews. Really disappointed. The place was not value for money. I ordered rumali roti but it was a giant chapatti.. The softness and lightness of rumali roti was missing. I was also disappointed with curries. I ordered dal makhni which was missing makhni and malai paneer was tasting sweetened tomato puree... I will not recommend this place to anyone.
My favorite sit down Indian place in manhattan.Great flavors. This is my goto. My friend comes into town and asks me if it's legit and I start to doubt and look around yelp as we walk. She goes into a seamstress spot and asks the old lady where she eats. She in a very matter-of-fact way tells her, "I make my own food." Right, because that's what people do.Well we go in and she thinks it's great too. And so do a lot of Indian people who didn't seem to have dādī cooking for them that Sunday. Also I put on my jacket the next day and it didn't smell of curry tho all my clothes did, a given.Look, I'm filipino and I haven't been to a filipino restaurant where my everything didn't smell like garlic. So I understand.Tasty Indian food in Curry Hill.
Leron's Lesson: Tasty Indian food, definitely loved the butter chicken.Full Review: Dhaba is an excellent option for when you're in the area looking for Indian food. The restaurant itself is medium sized and they do a great job of maximizing the space's seating. Great place to eat and hang out with friends. The prices were reasonable as well.
Outstanding!  Yes.. it's exactly what everybody says.. for $11 you can stuff yourself silly at the lunch buffet.  It's not $10 like the webpage says.. that's out of date.My friend and I went.. and boy, we went hog wild.  The line gets long periodically but they do a good job with the ample seating that you won't ever have to wait long unless you have a huge party.Good service.. they are on top of it.. clearing tables.. bringing you more food.  Nicest part of it all was that they were not mean to you if you didn't order drinks or anything else.They bring you fresh naan to the table.. but I'd watch the butter.. and grilled pieces of chicken.  Unfortunately, this chicken is not warm or hot... but still, it's tender.  And the buffet is pretty good.  In a place like NYC where everybody rips you off.. I was pleasantly surprised to find the large selection and high quality of Indian food.  My favorite was the saag paneer.. chicken tikka masala..  the goat and lamb curry... aloo gobi.. and the lentils.  All very delicious.  Oh.. rice pudding was good as well.  Yum.Not everything was awesome so it doesn't deserve the five stars.. but I would definitely go again.
YUM!!! Went here with two buddies last night. We immediately knew we picked the right spot -- it was JAM packed (most of the other joints were empty), and there was a line queuing at the door. Food was delightful--we got a lamb dish, a vegetarian dish, and a chicken dish plus two orders of Naan (get the garlic!). There wasn't a leftover in sight because the portions were perfect and it was SO tasty!The place is pretty small and you're crammed pretty close to other tables, which was the only downside. We felt a bit rushed but, given the line out the door, we understood and didn't linger. If there wasn't a large mass waiting to dine, we definitely would have had another round of drinks (full bar!) and some more starchy carbohydrates.YUM!
First of all the word Dhaba means a road side eatery.  This place resembles nothing like a typical dhaba you would see back home.  However, being one of the few places serving north indian food in a south indian filled curry hill, I am not the one to complain.The atmosphere and decor of the place is quite hip and the place is always packed.  Their menu is quite exquisite and extensive to say the least.  One would tempted to try a number of things so I would recommend ordering bunch of things and sharing if you are in a group.For Appetizers, recommendation would be Paneer Pakoda (deep fried cottage cheese) or Lasoni Gobi (Cauliflower with tangy sauce).  You can also get Gobi Manchurian as the appetizer if you are having a Indo-Chinese craving.For main course, Malay Kofta was solid (you can't go wrong with this if you are an indian restaurant).  They also have a curry choices on the back that you can make it with Paneer.  I recommend the Methi Mattar Malai as it is not your typical paneer dish and definitely worth trying.  For dal, Daal Tadka or Langarwali Daal is a absolute must to complete your meal.After eating so much, we ran out of space in our tummy for desert but give it a try if you are still in the mood.All in all, Dhaba is A+ for it ambiance, food and service when compared to its peers on the block.  Wish the entire world didn't know about this so it be easy to get seating.
Modern restaurant serving traditional Indian food. This is not your usual Indian buffet lunch - this is beautifully presented, chic food, with the exotic flavors you expect, especially for dinner. Of many Curry Hill restaurants, I think this is my favorite date place. I've been here about 3 times and its consistently good and has great value. Portion sizes are healthy too. (I get take out from their sister restaurants often so I'm definitely a fan!)Perry L and I shared:-mirch pakora-mango lassi-sabzi saag -lamb peppercornWith very cordial service, prompt water glass refills, and amazing food, its hard to go wrong at Dhaba (unless you're not an Indian food fan in the first place.)Reservations recommended for weekends.
Came here once a long time ago and found it to be pretty darn good.  I found this place again nearly 4 years later and was worried that the quality or price had changed since then but nope, still good old $12 for lunch buffet and still really delicious!  They have a pretty wide assortment of Indian dishes.  Of course they have Chicken Tikka Masala, some spicy version of it, a lamb rice dish, and many other options including vegetarian options. For desert they also had some sort of sweet rice dish that wasn't too bad but I didn't have much of it because I preferred to stuff myself with the main dishes.  They also sometimes come around with roasted chicken which was also pretty good.  Naan was also warm and fresh, and if you want more don't be afraid to ask!  All the food is also halal so it's a safe choice for muslims.
Our first and last visit here. While it seemed quite busy and popular, service was appalling and our okra dish (okra in yoghurt curry or something) was terrible. We ordered a makki roti which we were told at time of serving that it wasn't available. Date of dining September 28, 2015 around 8:30pm
Dhaba came recommended, though I have to say I was somewhat disappointed.The staff are friendly, though a tad disorganised.  The dining room is very cramped.  It could probably use about 4-5 less tables so people are not sitting on top of their neighbours.  It is also VERY loud.  Between the Indian club music and the acoustics, my ears were pounding within minutes, and I couldn't hear a word my dating was saying from across a very small table.  By the time we left, my throat was raw, not from the food, but from my date and I having to shout at each other the whole time.The food was very average, with a couple of exceptions - neither of them pleasant.  The Pani Puri are little balls of deep fried puri dough, hollowed out and stuffed with chickpeas and potato, and served with a tamarind water.  The stuffing is utterly bland, and the tamarind water is essentially a thin,  vaguely sweet, brown drizzle that immediately pours right out the bottom of the bite, flavouring absolutely nothing in its path. The other disappointment was regarding the kitchen's timing.  Being only halfway through the appetiser, the waiter came to the table and asked if we were ready for our entree.  We looked at the barely eaten appetiser and replied that we would like more time.  That was a mistake.  Apparently, asking if you are ready for the entree is the staff's way of letting you know that the entrees are now completed, and will be sitting at the pass waiting for you.  The longer you take, the colder what arrives at your table will be.  One entree was barely tepid, with a thin layer of oil beginning to congeal on the surface.  The other was slightly warmer, due mostly to the dense, tough meat holding heat better than the veggies in the other dish.Overall, This is not a place I plan to frequent.  There are far better places within just a few block radius with better service and a specific lack of nerve damaging noise.
So I came across this spot through reviews of yelpers on my friend's list (see, I do pay attention to your reviews!) and since it was around the corner from our hotel, why not?!The man had been in the city a week prior and survived on fast food (no, not the street food...but stuff like Chipotle and McD's...blech!), so he was itching to go to an actual sit down when I came to visit as well. The place was happening at 7ish, but we were lucky to get a seat for 2 in under 5 minutes. It was super loud and rowdy inside, so not something I was expecting at an Indian restaurant. You get the complimentary dipping sauces with crisp bread to eat and chit chat while the wait staff is running around getting things done.I ordered the patiala rose lassi which was pretty good- just enough sweetness but not the point it was straight out smoothie a la jamba juice.But to the main event: the food!We got the samosas and they were huge...but not huge on taste. It was lacking the spices of curry that would make the potatoes and peas pop. Thank goodness for the mint and raspberry dipping sauce to put on the samosas.We then shared an order of chicken tikka masala along with regular rice and garlic naan. The naan was so good to scoop up the tikka masala...but again, the dish was lacking any heat. I guess you have to note it to the waiter for whatever you order here the level of 'heat' you want because it seems to be food items come off light on the heat. I'm a sucker for medium to high level of kick to my indian food.Overall, it was not bad. Again, the indian food came off a wee bit more americanized that I was expecting, but it was good nonetheless. I think with all the stuff we ordered and one beer, it came out less than $40 with tip--not bad in NY dinner terms.Definitely a place for a NY date spot. Score: 3.5 out of 5
I kept smelling spices around me during the 5 block walk home. Definitely lost the battle between Good vs. Starch. Two hours later I'm still rubbing my stomach like I've just discovered my belly is a buddah. And, tomorrow morning, the people at my gym are going to thank me for having the raw onions -- garnished only with a squeeze of lime.Great spot, lots of space, fast service, delicious food. Veg, meat, dairy, vegan, desserts, full bar -- something for everyone! Plus it's modern/clean with good service.If it helps you navigate the crazy long menu: try a few appetizers (samosas, fried okra, anything with potato) or the tandoori, chicken and lamb dishes. Can't go wrong with anything followed by "tikka" and "masala"!
Vibe is nice, great date spot or night out with friends. Fun music, nice decor.Bar is very small, tightly packed. Service is always very good. I remember once we ordered some particularly hot dishes and, perhaps seeing the sweat start to bead up on my brow, they offered me a free mango lassi. I like that they have different types of Indian Cuisine broken out in their menu, including British and Curry. I would be perfectly happy just eating Naan with many different types of their curry. I would recommend sticking with the Indian and avoiding their pan asian fusion attempts.
Went to Dhaba with 2 other friends. Started with a drink at he bar and were seated about 15 minutes after our reservation time, not bad considering the place was packed.The aloo gobi samosas were good but the chutney was great. The chicken tikka masala sauce had more flavor than the average Indian restaurant but the chicken was a little dry. The saag paneer was very good and the cheese was cooked perfectly. The goat rogan josh had a lot of bones and not that much meat. The sauce was good but not as spicy as I would have expected. inally we had the lamb vindaloo. I thought I would be sweating while eating it, and maybe I did not oder it extra spicy, but it was not too spicy. The lamb was tender, though. The garlic naan and cheese naan both were very good when warm, then fizzled out as they got cooler.The decor is pretty modern inside and it was packed on a Friday night. The food was a little expensive for what you get, and rice and naan were ordered separately. It is a fun place to eat but not the best Indian food that I have had.
My favorite Indian restaurant in New York City. I was a little bit skeptical at first because I thought I had already experienced good Indian food. I was pretty much sure of it - I grew up nearby a big Indian community in Central NJ and I had tried various restaurants in the last few years I've been in New York. Dhaba was better. Each dish was complex and flavorful and boy was I glad my girlfriend convinced me to give it a try.Lamb Phaal - This was really spicy. I knew going into it that it was going to be spicy so I was excited. I really like spicy food, but I've had a problem where sometimes super spicy Indian food lets the heat kill the rest of the flavor. This was not a problem here. It was very, very hot, probably the spiciest Indian dish I've ever had. However, the flavor was really complex. I could taste many different spices in the curry and I didn't just taste the heat. The sauce had soaked all the way through each piece of lamb and each bite was tender and juicy.Lamb Korma - A refreshing contrast to the phaal. The creamy, coconut flavor of the Korma was easy to eat and the sauce was really tasty pouring on rice or naan. Since we were sharing our two dishes, alternating bites of this dish with the phaal allowed for some quick relief from the heat while still enjoying luscious lamb.Chili Garlic Naan - This is much spicier than it sounds! There's crushed red pepper sprinkled/baked on each piece. While dipping it in the phaal sauce was a recipe for disaster (which I did anyway on my first bite because I was expecting it to be mild), it paired perfectly with the Korma! I would definitely give this a try if you can handle spicy food, it was an interesting take on classic naan!Beverages of interest: Beers are reasonably priced and they sell large-format mug sizes 20oz and 36oz. If ordering spicy food, they're another good item for your heat-beating arsenal. The Mango Lassi was good too! Refreshing and sweet with just the right amount of yogurt.If you're into Indian food and you haven't tried Dhaba, you should make a point to ASAP!
Best Indian food yet!My boyfriend and I came in for dinner on a Friday night and we had no problem getting a table. It is a nice small cozy space and service is quick here. After we sat down, they brought out the oddly addictive Pappadum and we ordered the saag paneer and the chicken chutneywala with a side of rice and naan to share. Their naans are delicious so order extra! Now, The saag paneer was for me and the chicken chutneywala was the boyfriend's, but I ended up eating all the sauce from the chutneywala with the naan. Amazing combination! Could not get enough! It was just the perfect combination of sweet and tangy with the buttery naan. There are a lot of indian places in this area, but this is the best restaurant I've been to so far. Their flavors far surpass the restaurants around them. I work in the area and they are my go to place for lunch too!
his restaurant is not friendly to families with babies or people who need wheel chair. There are 2 steps that go down to main floor from entrance and no ramp. The restaurant looks cramped with tables and chairs squeezed on every inch of the floor. The do not have high chair for kids and no place to keep stroller. The service is bad and waiting staff behaves as if they are doing a favor to you by serving food.I will not recommend to to families with babies/toddlers and people who use wheel chairs
lunch buffet is a great deal. service is not so great - they refuse to offer booths unless you request them. the bench seats along the wall is very narrow and uncomfortable. as part of the buffet, nan bread is brought to your table. the chicken tiki is suppose to be brought to your table as well, but sometimes you have to ask/remind them to bring it. the buffet selection differs, but there will be a lamb, chicken, veggie and potato dish.
Indian food is pretty good here!  Or maybe I was just starving.  Just kidding.Start to finish, from appetizers to the very last bite of our entrees, everything was filling and delicious.  The naan had varieties of mild, medium, and spicy, and coming from a Korean household, the spicy naan is no joke.I forgot what it was called, but try the appetizer with the curry and shrimp in it.  You won't regret it.
Dhaba is a bit pricier than the other Indian places on the block but based on my experience here, it is definitely worth the extra few bucks. I came here ravenous after work, ate and ate and ate, and left with a lunch-sized portion of leftovers. A+ for leaving full and with leftovers in hand!So I am that girl who is down to order and taste all sorts of Indian appetizers and vegetable dishes but I always ALWAYS choose chicken tikka masala for my entrée. Always. For some reason I branched out this time and chose the $15 white meat chicken korma. Where has this been all my life?! It was fantastic. The generous portion of chicken was floating around in an amazing creamy sauce that was mild and flavorful at the same time. And the onion naan ($3.50) I split with my friend was the best onion naan I've ever had.My only qualm with Dhaba (and a minor one at that) is the waiter we had. He was extremely awkward and we had a difficult time communicating with him. Otherwise, Dhaba is a solid spot for a date or a group meal and I would definitely return, hopefully soon for lunch!
INTERIOR:_ Party atmosphere: music/colorful decor. _ Cool int design, except bathroom sink faucet is too close to edge of basin and it spills over when washing hands. FOOD:_ CHICKEN LOLLIPOPS = like wings with even less meat. Would not get again. _ CORN SOUP = good/plain._ Vegan BINDI (OKRA) = yum & spicy._ PAPADAM comes out automatically w/trio of tasty chutneys (mint/tamarind/wet onion) = nice surprise!_ CHICKEN dish (can't remember which dish as it was weeks ago) = good. Would try Korma, high expectations for it._ BASMATI RICE: flavorful ($2, doesn't come w/entree)Will return.
Are you kidding me? This is not good Indian food! Went here in 2008 and loved it. Went yesterday and was like umm there are so many better places to eat at in Curry Hill.  Not sure what happened and how you can mess up butter chicken but they did!  Food was bland or over salted, only one dish had spice and that was the goat biriyani. Even the Chili Chicken had no chili. And then the chat they swerved was stale and obviously sitting in the chutney for a long time since it was soggy. Naan tastes it came from the microwave instead of the tandoor. Sorry Dhaba won't be back ever again.
Loved the food, very clean, prices are good, and their Malai Kofta, and chicken tikka masala are amazing. would go back again.
Yes I'd come back! Great little Indian restaurant we randomly found. Sag pander is recommended, not overly creamy as a lot of restaurants load it with heavy cream. Prices are affordable and portion sizes are large enough. We ordered two main dishes and Naan but you could easily share one dish with two people if you're not starving. Service is very good and they will explain the dishes to you if you're not familiar with the food. Mango Lassi worth ordering. Thick, creamy, ice cold put into a mason jar, perfect to fill you up or just to have on a hot day.
I had a friend in town this weekend who loves Indian food, so of course I yelped restaurants in the "curry hill" area and picked Dhaba based on the great reviews.  We were able to get a reservation day of on a Saturday for our party of four, however reservations were definitely needed as this was probably the most packed restaurant on the block (if you are looking for a quiet dinner for two, this isn't the right place).  We were seated as soon as we arrived and were pleasantly surprised by the modern décor and good atmosphere - a stark contrast to most Indian restaurants I have ever dined in.However, even though the restaurant itself was trendy, the menu was basic and authentic.  After browsing the menu and consulting the waiter on the number of dishes we should order between four people, we decided on 2 orders of naan bread (one regular and one garlic cheese), the chicken tikka masala, butter paneer, sharabi lamb and of course an order of basmati rice.  While waiting for our food, we were brought over a complimentary appetizer and yogurt drinks which was a nice touch!  The appetizer was some sort of a cauliflower dish which I have never had before and strangely enough tasted like chicken, it was delicious though!!  Don't know if I would order/pay for the yogurt drink again, but I would definitely get the app!All of our food was served fairly quickly and was hot and fresh (didn't taste re-heated like you sometimes get at some Indian restaurants).  The portions were plentiful but not insanely huge and we were happy with the number of dishes we ordered between four people.  Best part of all is when the bill came - just under $100 which included a bottle of wine!! I read complaints about the service in some other reviews, but we were in and out in just over an hour on a Saturday night, had the manager or owner stop by our table to see how our meal was, and were comped an appetizer and beverage so the service was superior in my books! I will definitely be back to Dhaba - the quality of the food and the atmosphere make it a stand out compared to other restaurants in the area!
Dhaba is a great option for north Indian food and stands out for its authentic food. The methi mattar malai is a nice dish ( that is not available at most restaurants ) that harmoniously blends flavor in a delicate sauce. The lamb and goat curries are nice non vegetarian choices.The scene at night can be really loud  as the room seems to act like a concert hall bouncing voices off the walls incessantly.. however the tasty food is worth the inconvenience.The lunch buffet is really spectacular. The food is not too creamy and oily which is all too often the case with Indian lunch buffets. Both times I went for the buffet, there was chicken tikka masala, chicken biryani , lamb curry, and Saag. One time there was daal and the other time there was chole. All of the dishes were very good and some were great. Tandoori chicken was brought to the table upon request which was pretty special for a lunch Buffett. For 11.95 it was a great deal.Overall I would highly recommend this spot which stands out among the crowd in curry hill.
Well put together meal - definitely on the side of being pricey, but overall quality and presentation of the entres were great. On weekend nights, it can be very busy, so I would recommend getting a reservation. On weekday nights, there was ample seating even during prime time. We ordered chicken tikamasala and the shrimp curry (off their recommendation menu) as well as a side order of rice and naan. I really loved the spicy shrimp curry - not too salty and seasoned very well. Chicken tika masala was also very good - not too creamy or sweet. I would definitely come back here for their quality of food as well as their clean decor and excellent service.
Great Food, Authentic Indian Taste, Friendly Staff, Great Ambience!!The noise levels are s tad bit on the higher side - so if you are looking for a quiet elegant place to dine - head elsewhere!!
To begin, I'll acknowledge the decor here is a notch above what I'm used to in neighborhood Indian restaurants.  On the other side of the ledger, the noise level was such that I had trouble hearing the waiter.The food was hit and miss.  I ordered aloo samosas, chicken vindaloo, naan, rice and raita.  They brought papadum with 3 chutneys first and the chutneys were quite good so I finished off the one I liked best with the papadum waiting for my food.  They did NOT offer more chutney with the samosas, leaving me scraping the bottom of the dishes.  The samosas themselves were fairly tasteless and nothing special.My main course, the vindaloo, was quite good and the portion ample--the hit to the other misses.  The accompanying rice was rather stickily/gluey which I haven't encountered before with basmati.  And the raita was thin/runny/bland.All in all, I have to say I've had better Indian food many times, some of them in New York.  I'd recommend going elsewhere.  Come to think of it, maybe 3 stars is a stretch but the vindaloo was worth more than 2.
I went for lunch buffet, which is $12.00.  The first thing that struck me was the atmosphere...it was classy and clean.  A basket of naan bread and a plate of chaat was provided free of charge.  A server also came to the table to offer tandoori chicken drumsticks. The buffet table had a good selection of classic dishes from chicken tikka masala to spinach paneer.  Only one dessert, kheer, was available.  The spices were extremely flavorful, but the chicken was pretty dry.  The waiter was very attentive and very quickly refilled non-full water glasses.  If you have a large party, keep in mind that they only accept 2 credit cards per table.  Seating is mostly for parties of 2.
Incredible mulligatawny soup! Must have it.I have traveled around the world, including top restaurants in India, but best mulligatawny I have ever had was here at Dhaba NYC.And he lambs shami kabob... OMG ...OMGGGGthat's all - cannot write anymore. Signing off...P.s. The only reason I gave it 4 star because the house wines were pretty bad. I tried the Pinot and Shiraz - both tasted the same ... Indian restaurant ... LOL. Should have tried lassi instead ;)
Just hit the lunch buffet here and it was great!  Pretty standard fair for the area.  The chicken tikka masala was delicious.  I wish there was a nice salad to lighten everything up a bit, but that's a personal preference and shouldn't really lose them any points.  Great quality, great service, great price, great lunch!
This is by far one of the best Indian restaurants in New York City. The quality of food and service is always excellent. Strongly recommended!
Came here for a lunch buffet on a Tuesday, we were seated promptly, but thats all the positive things I can say about this place. They had potatoes curry which was pretty good of but the chicken tikka masala was one of the worst I have had in Nyc and the spinach was average at best. The naan was highly buttered worried of getting a heart attack  from it. I think their buffet was mediocre at best, probably wouldn't come here again. I heard great things about this restaurant as one the highly reviewed indian restaurant on yelp, unfortunately my meal was 4/10
Went for dinner last night (12/5) 0 stars: the shrimp in the Shrimp Tika Masala had the consistency of mashed potatoes. So bad that it was actually upsetting. I was assuming that I would be sick from eating it. Fortunately it was just wildly over cooked. The Cauliflower appetizer had crunchy candy like coating. It reminded me of something that you would get in a low end Chinese restaurant. The lamb curry was sitting in a pool of oil and had very little flavor. Even the nan was average. This restaurant has been our favorite Indian restaurant in the city for a few years. Very disappointing change of quality and flavor. This place was on par with Tamarind ! Time to start searching again.....
Update: so they re-did their entire menu and took all the Indo-Chinese stuff off :( But when I asked the guy if I could get chilli chicken, he said sure we can make it for you. Yeaaa!!Today we had the Vegetable Biryani and the Methi Murgh.....both delicious and plate licking good. The food here is again always solid and always good. Try anything you want here and guaranteed it will be delicious. The service is good, the only problem you sometimes have is flagging someone down but the moment you tell them you have a concern they take care of it. Overall another great experience at Dhaba...I'll definitely be coming back :)
Courteous staff. Very slow service... Maybe because it was packed. Good flavored but slightly low on salt. Would have given 4 stars but food took almost 45 mins to arrive
So this time I tried the Aloo Paratha and Tandoori Chicken!I reached there on a weekend 11:30 pm and Dhaba was the only restaurant open at Lexington. Thankfully they were still serving the items we ordered while most of their other items on the menu was not being served at that late hour. FOOD:We ordered 2 Aloo Parathas and half tandoori chicken. There were 8 pieces of Parathas and both me and my husband were not able to finish it. The portions were huge. I suggest you outset just one paratha and see and then if you are still hungry, order more. The food was very tasty and I absolutely delicious. SERVICE:The waiter didn't understand what we were asking for. He spoke to us in a language that we didn't understand. Thankfully someone else came and showed us the items that were available on the menu. He was very polite. The food came within 10 mins from the time ordered.
I've been here twice now, both times for their lunch buffet. The food itself is excellent. The last time I was there, they had lamb rogan josh, some eggplant/spinach thing, shrimp biriyani along with the standard chicken tikka masala. All were excellent.The have a guy going around offering chicken tikka right out of the oven; really nice and juicy. 80% of the chicken tikka I've had is dry so whenever it's nice and moist, it's a treat.Probably one of the best Indian buffets I've been to and not too pricey. The only downside to this place is that they really cram as many people in here as possible. It's hard to move around when the place is full.
Dhaba was the first place I went for dinner in New York. The atmosphere was great, although very loud so it was hard to have a conversation with a large group of friends. The staff were amazing and very accommodating. They answered every question we asked them and they were constantly re-filling our glasses. The only problem  I had was that we didn't know how big the portions were, so once they arrived they were GIGANTIC - two dishes could have easily fed the 6 people I was with but since we didn't know a lot of our food was wasted and even though it's irrational, I felt like I wasted $15 because of it. Another thing, try and order bread individually, it'll be cheaper. A basket of bread per person is around $3-4 but each refill keeps adding up and my friend ended up paying $30 since we weren't aware. Other than that, the food was amazing and the service was great. So knowing what I know now, I would definitely go again and keep these things in mind so I can save money and enjoy my meal more.
Since last visiting, I have to rate their kabobs as one of the tops in the city.  Rest of menu is strong but some items miss the mark or are just too heavy.  The beer selection here is broader than most. Try the dark beer.  Delicious.  A recent tip back to Dhaba found me eating some yummy Paneer and their Onion kulcha was fantastic.
Came in for lunch for the buffet.  The food wasn't bad but limited selection.  The service was slow.
Where to get delicious Pani Puri in NYC for lunch, snack time, or dinner? Dhaba, of course!Where to get really bland, sweet (versus savory) and ill-prepared and overpriced curry dishes for dinner? Sadly, Dhaba, of course!See where I'm going with this? Try the lunch buffet. It's affordable and although limited in selection, the taste and quality is well worth the long wait. Hungry for Indian food at dinner time? Go find a better place.
Went for a late lunch with husband after our eye appts. Been craving Indian recently and through the plethora of Indian restaurants in this area, I chose this one off of Yelp. We were not disappointed :) Ordered Paneer Tikka Masala, Dahiwala Murgh (chicken), and a Mango Lassi to share. Curries had good flavors, didn't seem like a large amount in the pots but we only ate half of each so had leftovers to take home. Rice and Naan are both extra charge boo, but we got over it and ordered 2 plain naan. Food was good, they play Indian movie soundtracks and have some interesting decor. I would come again, would also like to try out their south Indian restaurant next door.
Authentic ,tasty North Indian food. Dal makhani was awesome, Tandoori foods were great. Nans fresh and tasty. Excellent and friendly service. Not pricey.Like many Indian Restaurants over time the cleanliness is gone . I hope this one will keep everything clean -dishes, rooms, rest rooms since I would like to return
Best Indian food on Curry Hill.  Perfectly cooked, seasoned and portioned and tastes just like how my mom makes at home.  Not oily or overly spicy or salted.  -Their lunch buffet is so great but it's very busy and their space is small so now I just order in from Seamless.  It always arrives within the time advertised and is a very decent value for the price.- Best dishes: chicken tikka masala, aloo gobi, dal makhani and saag. - Cute interior, very modern but just tiny.- Naan is AMAZING - so fluffy and buttery and not burnt all over (hate that).- Service is polite but a little rushed.
I love this place! I always leave super full and happy because of their wonderful food and the pleasant service. I've been here for dinner twice, but I'm reviewing based on my recent experience in March:My friend and I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and the (boneless) Lamb Korma. Both dishes came in little metal bowls, which looked small but are actually large portions for a single person. Especially when the sauce is so thick and rich and flavorful, it's hard to finish! We also ordered rice separately ($3) and garlic naan ($4), chili onion naan ($4). I'm glad the naan seemed a bit less greasy than most places, so perhaps they use less ghee? The garlic naan was also way better than the chili onion, as it did not overpower the flavor of the dishes themselves. Because of all the add-ons, this is not the cheapest place for Indian. However, it's a trendy, clean place, it's in a relatively expensive area, and the service is friendly and efficient. I would totally make it back here for the legendary lunch buffet! :)
We often order in from here. Great Kebabs and curries. It's a decent Indian restaurant on a street full of many Indian restaurants.
Dhaba is one of my favorite Indian lunch buffets...ever. It's not huge; they have maybe 6 or 7 different items to choose from, but every one is delicious. You can safely load up on everything, even if you're not sure what it is.*Strangely, it's as if the staff actually wants to make you happy (it's unheard of). As you're stuffing your face with that first plate, piled high with goodness, they will bring you a warm basket of fresh naan, and also a plate full of delicious surprises. Once it consisted of fried fish pastry things drizzled with some savory sauce, that tastes worlds better than I am describing. The second time we had fried eggplant, also with a wonderful sauce. AND they also bring out huge drumsticks of delicious juicy chicken, one for everyone in your party. Woohoo!If that wasn't enough, my water is always full, everyone is always smiling,** and when you're ready to get out of there, the check is promptly delivered. Speaking of, $10 bucks for this AYCE, TASTY lunch buffet? This might be the best option in the area._________*Sometimes I wish they labeled everything, but there's nothing wrong with a little mystery...as long as its not feet vindaloo, or rocky mountain oyster saag. Those aren't traditional dishes though, and I haven't seen them yet.**I think they are on drugs. Or maybe they just get to eat the food all the time. Food and illicit drugs are the only possible explanations for this kind of happiness.
Now the resturant might seem like a hole in the wall but don't judge the place by the decor. Instead judge it by the food!We came here for a diwali celebration and it was some 25 of us so we decided to streamline the process and go for buffet. Now I am not a big fan of buffet but I also know that with so many people, it can be a complete mess trying to figure out the bill. I am sure the menu varies day by day, but today they had butter chicken, chilli chicken and chicken briyani (They had more items, but these are the only ones I had). Overall, the food is pretty good, but the service is a bit slow which isn't a big deal at a buffet except that you still need constant refills of water, soda, and they serve hot naan on the table.So, if you are planning to go to this place, understand that the food is really good but the service can be slow and don't be surprised if you have wait since it is quite the busy place.
Experienced Indian food for the first time here and I fell in love!!The ambience is cozy and intimate and the food is great!!Chicken tikka masala was delicious.And I loved the naan too!!I recommend this place to anyone who loves Indian or anyone who wants to try it for the first time!
Yes 1 star is that it.   I don't understand it myself. How could a 4 stars with 900 plus reviews, be wrong.   Everything we ordered was average.  They didn't even get chicken tiki masala right. I thought, "Curry in a Hurry or Bhati" takes much better.
BLAND...I was wondering why there were no South Asians here...Curry Hill lunch spot for hipsters, business folk and army guys.
heavy yelp reader, infrequent contributor. i've lived ridiculously close for the past couple years and THIS is the indian restaurant to go to. as compared with its neighbors, dhaba is about 30% more expensive and 100% more delicious. definitely worth the extra few bucks. it's kind of amazing some of the other places are still in business. anyway, my particular favorites here are the dark meat chicken kadai, anything with eggplant, and the rhogan josh. and if this sort of thing matters to you, i lived in south india for a hot minute back in the oughts. i've eaten a lot of indian food, and dhaba is right up there. so you know -- trust me. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯the owner btw is quite friendly. he's the indian man in the shiny button down shirt running around like he owns the place. hah. and if you're reading this, thanks for all the mango lassis and gulab jamuns.  : )
Overall Rating: 3.5/5Came with Yelpers Hans H. & Jason K.Decor: 3/5-when full, it's hard to navigate to the table of yummy food-Try to sit near the window, it's brighter and quieter cause its raised.Service: 2/5-Service was great in the beginning. They brought out everything and refilled our waters and then disappeared for 1.5 hrs.Food: 4/5-Lamb was overcooked, tough and hard to chew-Chicken was great, sauce wasn't too heavy-Naan was decent. It was fresh and slightly burnt.-Carrot and rice pudding were sweet and hit the spot. -Rice and chicken was great.
Craving Indian food in Mid-town Manhattan???  Well hit this place up or call for delivery.  Food is so tasty!  Order everything spicy...it's not as spicy as you think.  Always get Garlic Naan if you love garlic.  I also liked their samosas...it was my first time trying it and I don't regret it.  It's like an empanada but with potato, curry, and other good stuff.  I hope I can find a place like this here in HI...if you guys have recommendations please let me know.  I can't find a good indian place here at home.
Incredible! Went for lunch on a Saturday around 12:30. It filled up really quickly after we arrived. The ambiance is a little more trendy than other places in curry hill and super clean! Skipped the lunch buffet and ordered a few items from the menu and some giant beers. The food was so good, pefect amount of spice lots of flavor. Will absolutely be returning!
One of the best choices for Indian food in Curry Hill, or indeed anywhere in NYC.  Everything is fresh and bold.  Had the Tandoori Chicken, which was made to order, not taken from a steam table.  Kingfisher beer on draft (by the pitcher) is another plus.  The only downside: it's deafeningly loud.
We got here around 5pm on a Saturday and got seated immediately. Dhaba is relatively tiny inside and the tables are seated very closely next to one another. The atmosphere is laid back and can get very noisy, this is definitely not the right place if you are trying to have an intimate conversation or date away from the other diners. I started with the chapli kabob which I ate with lemon and yogurt sauce to cool the spice. The kabob was very spicy but absolutely excellent. My dining partner had the aloo gobi samosa ( a vegetable turnover with potatoes and cauliflower) and this was a good vegetarian selection. For my entree I had the dahiwala murgh, which was chicken with a white, creamy sauce. Typically I go for the tikka masala sauce and this was an good alternative but lacked the complexity of flavors that I am used to. My dining partner got the chicken tikka masala and I was disappointed about the overwhelming tomato flavor and lack of other spices.  Both the regular naan and the cheese naan were satisfactory. I did find it weird that the rice had to be ordered in addition to the meal. I had never experienced that with Indian food before. I also tried a mango lassi champagne cocktail which was interesting but I would have preferred it without the alcohol component and perhaps as a drink by itself before the meal. For my meal I tried one of the Indian draft beers recommended to me by my server and this was a much better companion to the spicy meal. Overall, I felt that the meal was good, but in all honesty have had  far better Indian food both in the city and outside of it at far better prices.
Dhaba really hits the spot on a cold winter's night in NYC. I came here with 3 friends for dinner on a Monday evening. It happened to be our last indian dinner of 2013, and boy did we choose well. There are few indian restaurants where the food is spiced as well as you'd find in India, yet made with high quality meat you'd expect from a nice American restaurant, Dhaba is one of those rare gems.We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, the Chicken Kali Mirch and Naan. I'd highly recommend you try both those curries, apparently those are the top dishes they're known for. Make sure to ask for spicy, the chef has a real chili finger!If you're planning a full night of bar hopping afterward like we were, I'll give you some wisdom and save you from the deadly mistake we made...make sure to eat early, the indian food coma will hit hard! We were out of commission for at least an hour after, but I guess that's the mark of good indian food! Next time the masala boys hit NYC we'll be back here for sure.
I nearly walked past Dhaba, but the Cheapguy couldn't pass by the promise of a $9.95 Indian buffet. I was so happy I didn't continue to walk. I arrived at 2:30, a half hour before the lunch buffet ended. Luckily there was a nice spread, small by Jackson Diner standards, but head and shoulders above the rest in terms of the quality of the sauces.  There were about five choices in terms of entrees, two types of rice, one plain and one with chicken, and freshly cooked tandoori chicken which was walked around the dining room by the friendly staff. I tried the chicken tikka masala, the rogan josh and tandoori chicken and a bit of the shag. The quality of the food was definitely restaurant, dinner entree quality. The sauces were first rate, without any stray oil separated from the creamy flavors. I didn't try the chili chicken but it looked delicious. In addition to the buffet, you will get a complimentary naan and a veggie dish that I couldn't identify, but it was cold and delicious (it tasted like a cold fried chickpea dish). All in all for $9.95 plus tip, this was easily the best Indian buffet I've had in a while. The proof was that the dining room was two-thirds full even at 2:30 p.m. in the afternoon! Dhaba will be a Cheapguy favorite for years to come!
Curry Hill these days is becoming a bull fighting ring where only the most curr-ageous prevail. Dhaba is definitely one of the stronger contenders. The inside of Dhaba reminds me of Chote Nawab (which is nearby): modern light fixtures, colorful plates lining the walls, but an otherwise muted gray and mahogany color palate. I've been here twice now; both times for lunch. My first visit I ordered a la carte and remember enjoying it thoroughly. It was also the first time I had tried a salty lassi (I came here with an Indian friend who advised me on it) and was surprised how well it paired with the food. On my return visit, I arrived with a friend who was visiting from Massachusetts and we were both famished. I had read reviews about Dhaba's buffet option and decided to sample it. For $9.95, Dhaba puts out an incredible spread. There were plenty of meat and vegetarian options, as well as a plethora of chutneys and sauces to choose from. The service, in particular, was remarkably swift and dignified. They even came around to our table to offer some tandoor chicken that wasn't on the table! Everything was delicious and well worth the price.
This place came highly recommended by a few "locals" so I was excited to give it a try.  Havalli on the lower eastside has been my favorite Indian restaurant for several years so I wasn't sure how this would compare but let me just say...it did NOT disappoint!!  For one thing...it was totally packed at 2pm...which I thought was a good sign.  I'm not sure if it was so busy because it was during the holidays but I noticed that most of the people appeared to be local city peeps (and YES, you can tell the difference) and quite of few individuals were from India...which I think is another great sign!!  The only downfall is the size of the restaurant...it is very small so I was pretty much on the lap of the guy sitting next to me.  We quickly realized that there was a buffet being served for lunch and apparently they have this buffet Monday-Friday for lunch..$10.95 per person and that includes unlimited naan bread!!  You can't beat that!!The buffet had a lot to offer including the ever popular chicken tikki masala and of course DAL!  They had other meat dishes and a couple vegetarian options as well.  I really made a point to try everything to ensure a very authentic experience.  I may not be able to pronounce everything nor do I even know what everything was, but I will tell you it was all fabulous!!  Each item was bursting with flavors of india...curry, coriander, turmeric, cumin, cloves, etc.  One waiter was even walking around offering spicy baked chicken drumsticks.  I don't know how they prepared this chicken but it was so full of flavor and it just fell off the bone.  It wasn't greasy...it was more on the dry side but not dry in flavor.  I don't know if that makes sense, but it was wonderful!The service was decent considering the amount of people and the fact that it was really more of a self-serve situation.  But, everyone was friendly and very willing to help.  I would certainly recommend joining Dhaba for their lunch buffet but based on this buffet I would say it is safe to try anything off of their menu!
One of the best Indian restaurants in the city! Dhaba is regularly packed and for good reason! I discovered Dhaba at random on Yelp and am sooo glad that I did because this will become my new go to Indian restaurantThe naan is perfectly buttery and goes extremely well with all of the curries.  The chicken butter murgh and the korma were delicious as well as the Briyani rice.  I also enjoyed the sauce on the Malai KoftaThis place is a winner and I can't wait to try the Tandoor and the Grilled Paneer
Dhaba is one of my favorite Indian spots in NYC. I haven't had anything I didn't like - everything is delicious. They do a mango lassi with champagne that is amazing. Great selection of vegetarian AND vegan dishes. I recently took some out of town relatives to Dhaba and it was their favorite meal all week in NYC. You will not be disappointed.
Amazing paneer, good quick service cuz we were in a hurry, okay pav bhaji and chaat. Naan is really big!
11.95 BuffettLamb curry is amazing Chicken Briyani on Buffett good tooNaan and lentil dhal very gooodGulab is good  Good service. I was in and out in 30 including everything. During peak lunch!Chicken tikka is watery.  All other veggies weren't that great.No samosas. They bring a fried pakora to your table. Not good. They bring tandoori chicken to table.
{Actual Date of Visit: 5/26/2011}See bestie's (Tanda M.) review right below :)  She said it all!!  We've been to much better Indian spots in the city, BK, L.I. AND India lol at half the price!  We love Indian food!  For $13 *eyes bulging*, I ordered the METHI PULAV: Vegetables, fenugreek leaves, basmati rice.  A lot of food, but it was just ok.  I guess we paid for the ambiance, but we were very disappointed, especially since it was such a nice place.
The food here was amazing. However, the service was horrendous. First and foremost, this establishment is quite small, which is norm for a great deal of restaurants in the city. The tables were very close to one another so I was not able to get up from my table w/o rudely having my backside or my private parts in some poor souls face and vice versa, so I was definitely not feeling that.  The décor of the place, I loved It was very "chic" and "trendy". Now, as I stated before, the food was great. Also, had a mango Lassi which is like a yogurt-texture like drink that becomes a bit much once I started to eat my food and was indulging in the garlic naan. It was no biggie, I just ordered a water and all was fine. The service was horrendous! I took about 20 minutes to finally have a waiter come to our table and take our drink order. Throughout the duration of the meal, I probably seen my waiter a total of 2 times. So when water got low and the spice started kicking in at an astonishing level, there was nothing that could be done outside of going to the bar and asking for a glass of water. I took almost 20 minutes to receive the check. It was just a bad night. All in all, it was great food but bad service and for that reason alone I would never go back to this place.
On a busy Friday night about 8ish my boyfriend turned up without a reservation and within 10 minutes were at a two-top. The menu was wide ranging and I thought the portions were really generous. My bf said the tikka was great. I had the ground lamb over basmati with yogurt sauce and that was delicious. Service is brisk bit efficient. They do keep a medium noise level with bustling service and constant dance music soundtrack thumping away. I would not do this as a first date because it might be hard to hear, but we were fine in that respect. Bathroom was clean and tidy. Wishing this was close to me because is give them tons of business.
Very inattentive staff and they slow. I had experiences  here but this last time... It was awful. They brought the food late n the order was incomplete. Despite bringing it to their notice it was all in vain. I felt like walking out. I wouldn't go back.
Was really craving Indian food while walking around with a friend & we ran into Dhaba. The vibe inside was romantic - with the dim lighting & decor. Felt modern. I also liked how the water was served in mason jars! Got the chicken tikka masala & garlic naan with a side of rice. Left there stuffed! Prices are pretty expensive compared to what I usually pay in Queens. Not sure how they fare compared to the other Indian restaurants nearby.
Had a dinner last night and it was pathetic. Keema was sweet which is supposed to be spicy. Daal was mostly water which should be opposite. Highly disappointed with this one. Total waste of money.
Great, attentive service. It was a bit crowded at 9 (kind of loud too) but I didn't mind too much.Started off with the batata sev pori and it was delicious. Sweet, tart, savory and the portions were so cute. I thought it was a great starter. I played it safe and ordered the Chicken Biryani and my date ordered the pudine wala keema (minced lamb w/ mint). His dish was better hands down but my biryani was pretty good too. I loved the lamb and yogurt together with the naan. I couldn't help but leave really full, the food was amazing. Even though I did leave stuffed, there was enough food left to bring home. Yay
So many indian options in this area. Having lived and tried almost all of them. This hands down is the best. For both veggie and meat.
Went here for lunch, decided to order instead of doing the buffet because selection was limited and did not have the dishes we wanted to try. Pros:  We had the samosa, chicken tikka marsala, lamb dahiwala, Aunt Murli's chingri malai, chili onion naan and plain naan. Everything was full of flavors and delicious!  I usually eat spicy food but their chili onion naan definitely had a KICK to it! The naan was so good I wanted to get an order to go. Cons: The dining area was very cramped with loud music. We sat at one of the booths and hardly had any room to move. We were literally back-to-back with the table behind us and when the people got up to go to the buffet station, their seats pushed our seats against our table. This got a little annoying after a couple of times. Service was very slow. After 30 min. of waiting they brought out an order of the samosa. We had to ask them to bring out the naan because we were so hungry from waiting. After 45 min. they brought out the rest of our food, which to our disappointment the portion was so small for the price and wait. Luckily the food was delicious, otherwise it would have been a waste of time and money.   I would come back but will definitely do the buffet instead as it's a lot cheaper and faster.
In India, Dhabas are restaurants at truck stops along the highway, specializing in Punjabi food (many Indian truck drivers are Punjab).  Thus the term now refers to other restaurants that serve Punjabi food as well.  The dining room at Dhaba is fairly small, and is funky, modern, and colorful.  Dhaba easily offers one of the best NYC lunch deals I've ever seen.  The lunch buffet is much talked about it, and an absolute steal at $9.95 Monday through Saturday (yes, Saturday too) and $12.95 for the Sunday buffet.I normally hate buffets, not because I don't like variety, but because I prefer being served as opposed to serving myself (I am named after a Queen, you know!).  Dhaba is seriously an exception to my rule.  It's like Indian food Heaven.  Not only were there many options to choose from, but they were all good options!  On this particular day they were serving Jeera Rice, Chicken Biryani, Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Do Pyaza, Chilly Paneer, Channa Saag, Jeera Aloo, Dal Makhani, and Kheer (rice pudding) along with various sauces and accompaniments.  I piled almost everything onto my plate (everything but the Chily Paneer and Jeera Aloo).In addition to the great buffet options, servers bring you additional food to your table!  Included in the price of the buffet, you get a basket of warm, fluffy naan, and some kind of appetizer (I believe this changes daily).  On the day I went they brought me some Papri Chaat with Fried Lentils (basically fried crispies with yogurt, chutneys, and the lentils).  The coolness of the yogurt and the mint and cilantro flavors in the chutney were really refreshing between bites of my spicy curries.  Also the crunch was a great textural contrast to the other dishes I was having.  A server also came around serving pieces of Tandoori Chicken to patrons.  I tried a drumstick and thought it was nicely flavored and moist, a fun addition to my huge plate of food :)This was soooo much food, I couldn't even finish it, even though I really wanted to be that person who goes up for seconds, just because it's free.  I really enjoyed everything I had.  The biryani was spicy and really flavorful, definitely satisfied my biryani craving, but it did contain bones (from the chicken pieces) so beware of that if you have this.  I don't usually order saag dishes, but I thought the channa saag (chickpeas in spinach sauce) was a good contrast and a much mellower flavor (but not bland) than the spicier options on my plate.  It was a nice palate cleanser, haha.  The dal makhani is always a favorite, a dish of spicy black lentils (and I'm not kidding when I say spicy... not vindaloo-spicy, but it sure had a kick to it!).  The lamb do pyaza is basically a lamb curry with onions.  It's much milder than most of the other dishes they were serving, and was incredibly tender and delicious.  I happily could have eaten more of it if I had room in my stomach.  Finally, my ultimate favorite, the chicken tikka masala which I served over the rice.  It was fantastic, tender meat, nicely spiced sauce, well balanced, not greasy.  I preferred Dhaba's version to the one at Nirvana which was just a bit too tomatoey compared to what I'm used to.I gave myself a short break and almost resigned myself to the fact that I just would not have room for dessert.  And then I got over it, went back to the buffet and helped myself to some of their rice pudding, haha!  And that's what you call will-power!  I didn't take too much, just a few spoonfuls, but I really enjoyed the sweet touch after all the spice.  The texture was nice, and I enjoyed a few bites of juicy raisins within.I have to say, this was a really great experience for lunch!  I mean, the tables are really close together, the restaurant is pretty noisy, and you often bump into people going in and out of the buffet line, but for under $10 I'd do it in a New York minute!  The food was easily on par with my favorite Indian dishes I've had elsewhere, and it's a huge deal to partake in the buffet at lunch as opposed to ordering a la carte (the price of a single entree will cost considerably more than the entire buffet).  Best of all, they offer this deal on Saturdays as well, with a similar, but slightly pricier one on Sundays.  And... drum roll... they take reservations so don't worry about showing up on a Saturday (or any day) at lunch time and not getting a table (though when I was there all the walk-ins at lunch had no problem being seated promptly).  Service was fast and efficient, water was regularly poured, and the food kept coming and coming.  I highly recommend Dhaba's lunch buffet!  And the food is so good, I'd easily come back for dinner as well!
Upon entering this modernly decorated, dimly lit restaurant blasting Indian pop music, we were greeted warmly by our server who was more than willing to make recommendations and explain each menu item patiently.We shared the dahiwala bindi (okra), dal tadka (yellow lentils), saag paneer (spinach & cheese), and chicken tikka masala (you know what it is), supplemented by garlic naan and rice. My favorite dish of the night was surprisingly the saag paneer. I always wrote it off as a fairly common dish with not much variation, but Dhaba's version was really well-made, delicious, and definitely stood out. Everything else was also really tasty! The naan, however, was quite forgettable. Will come back for their lunch buffet I've been reading about, as well as their lamb and tandoori dishes.Tip:Their "spicy" may be too much for Manhattan palates so beware! We tried it for the okra plate, and while I was blissfully scarfing it down, my friends were inhaling their ice waters, sweating, and tearing up left & right. So, unless you have a spicy palate like yours truly, order the dishes in mild.
Definitely the best dishes in Curry Hill. Added bonus: outside-of-ny-ambiance. If you are VEGAN,  the Tawa Gobi Aloo is AMAZING. If you are not vegan its amazing. Not so amazing as a solo dish is the Vegan Jeera Aloo because it turns out its just what it says on the menu: Dry potato. Anything with meat in it you will not be sorry.They have a good weekday buffet too which includes tandoori chicken. Plus the bartender lady is very sweet I Love her.
Came for the lunch buffet on Sunday.  I was thoroughly impressed by how much variety they offered for a mere $12.  I particularly enjoyed the tikka masala, the paneer dish, and the dessert balls (not sure of the actual name, but they were basically munchkins drenched in maple syrup and oh so yummy.)Fresh, warm naan was also provided for the table and waiters were coming around with tandoori chicken.The only reason I'm taking off a star is that the service was pretty much non-existant after the first time our waters were filled.  It was also really difficult to flag someone down when we wanted the check.  In addition, I really wished they offered samosas with the buffet.Other than that, it's a solid option if you want to stuff your stomach on the cheap.
StartersAloo Gobi SamoosaKhatte Baigan (Tangy tamarind eggplant)MainsLangarwali Dal (five dals, dry red chili, cumin, coriander)Paneer dish (forgot the name)Dahiwala Murgh (chicken, coriander infused yogurt, brown onions, cadamom)DrinkChaas (salted yogurt, cumin, fresh coriander)Even though I love their food, I can't overcome the fact that it is so noise and crowded in this tiny little restaurant. The tables are literally cramped together, maybe 2-3 inches apart and you simply can't hear what the person on the other side of you is saying. Also noticed that the tables were (once again) wobbly, and uneven (we had  two tables put together, group of 4). I really don't want to fold a paper and put it under the table legs just because they can't arrange a good set of tables for their customers!And I have another complaint, which is the lighting. Come on!! Why is it so dark here? It certainly doesn't make it cosier, especially when people start pulling out their cell phones to shine some light on the 5 page horizontal menu.I have given them credits for the great food in my previous review, but I can't overcome the noise issues, the wobbly tables and the low (ambient) lighting.So what about the service?Since it gets so crowded, the quality of service becomes unpleasant. They try to clean out the tables as quick as possible, even though you're not done eating. We had the same guy coming to clean the table four times, and two other persons doing the same thing, once each. If I have reserved a table, I want to sit and eat, chat with my friends and enjoy the food, without having someone forcing me to eat so they can clean the table for other customers. This is just so annoying and unprofessional, not to mention the greed they show towards the current customers that are eating.
Came here last nite before closing..Waiters not too friendly but hoped the food would make up for it..Spent 90$ for two people and got a stomach virus that nite and the next day.. Still not feeling right. Maybe the food was sitting around too long and it did taste abit funky and don't think it was the spices.Won't be revisiting.
New York City and Indian food go so well together! I LOVED this place..! It was Christmas afternoon in NY and we were sure anything other than Chinese had to be Indian! :pSo all 8 of us bundled up in our jackets, mittens and ear muffs, and headed out to the place. It is SMALL..! I mean by DC standards, it is small, I guess it is just fine as per NY standards!Anyways, there was a hug rush! The queue spilled out onto the chilly sidewalk even! But the hostess (cum server) was very sweet! We told her we were 8 people.. unfazed, she gave us a right smile and said it will but 15 minutes! And it was way less than that. 8 of us squeezed into a booth for 6 (sigh!), but we were fine with it! :)We headed to the buffet. Compared to other buffet places I have been to, there were fewer options. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed it nonetheless, cuz lesser my options, more I can actually enjoy the dishes actually there, without feeling like I want to try everything! The biryanai was awesome, as were the matar paneer. Not a fan of the yellow kadhi, it had too strong a taste of coriander for my liking. The best part was the appetizers, that were served directly to our table. The tandoori chicken was awesome and the mixed pakoras were yummy too! I loved ALL the chutneys there! :) Warm soft fluffy breads at your table and smiling servers there to help! I am a fann!! :) :)The sweet dishes were okay, nothing to rave about, but I'm not complaining! The food more than made up for the desserts..!
Two of us had dinner on a Saturday.  We had the Chapli Kabob (spiced minced chicken, onions and green chilies) and it was delish.I ordered goan fish curry, which was a mistake...Sigh...I never liked coconut curry, and I never liked fish curry...I wanted to be brave and adventurous, but it really back fired.  I don't think anything was wrong with the cooking, it was just not my dish.  My date had the lamb, but I didn't try it.Mago Lassi was good, and came in a great looking little jar.Ambiance was great...Good place for dates/group dinners.Again, I am sure it was not the cooking, it is just that I didn't get to eat what I really wanted...  :(
Came here for their highly recommended lunch buffet for $11.95 with a girlfriend. It was so worth the price! The staff gave us an order of plain naan, two round things (i forget what they were called), and two indian-style drumstick. It was all part of the buffet package. Would def come back again!
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in 'curry hill'. In my opinion, the best dishes are the chicken tikka masala, sag paneer, samosas and naan. Each dish is beautifully seasoned and the naan has an unbelievably wonderful texture. I have been here many times for dinner and the restaurant is always packed, but I have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for a table. The price point is a little high for the portion size, but always walk away full and happy with my meal. One of the best kept secrets of Dhaba is that they offer all you can eat brunches on the weekends. If you come hungry you will certainly get your money's worth at brunch.
Excellent food, great price for lunch buffet (12.95), easy to get a table and takes reservations.  I'm unsure of all the rave reviews but then only four stars so I am going for it with FIVE STARS.  Their buffet has a ton of vegetarian options, skimpy on desserts (which is fine for me for Indian food) and prompt service.  They fill waters fast, come around with tandoori often enough, as well as naan.  Their saag dishes are AMAZING.  I never order Saag when I eat Indian but this place makes a great Saag.  The korma I had the first time was good, and the aloo gobi was also great.  Overall, for Indian food in an area full of it, I think this is one of the best.
Amazing food! Really good service on Valentine's night too! Our only complaints were the lack of spice in the biryani we ordered and the fact that they don't have any masala chai. And of course it would be nice if the dishes came with rice instead of having to order extra, but this place is worth going to in spite of that.We ordered the following:- Purani Delhi Ki Papri Chaat: I loved this so much. The crisps weren't soggy or anything and the chutneys and yogurt had the perfect balance.- Chapli Kabob: Incredible. The lamb was so tender and flavorful. Do yourself a favor and order it with extra coriander chutney (the green spicy sauce).- Daal Makhni: Really nice, thick and spicy.- Chicken Kali Mirch: Like the lamb, the chicken was cooked really tender and not dry at all. The curry is also delicious!- Chili Onion Naan: Delicious, perfect to scoop up the daal and the chicken with!- Vegetable Paneer Biryani: I ordered this since they charge you for rice anyway and I hadn't had biryani in a long time. I thought it was good, however it wasn't spicy at all (my native Indian valentine said biryanis were supposed to "kick ass" in terms of spice level) so that was the only one that was a bit underwhelming. However it did have very good flavors to it.
I think this place might be the best indian food i've had in nyc. Best Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken korma. Naan is not overcooked and is soft. Great spot!
They lost a star due to the air conditioning not working.  I went during the heatwave a few weeks back.  The last thing I expected is to walk into a restaurant and the a/c isn't working.  Another star was lost for the waiter that was not very pleasant and did not speak much.  I will say the chicken tika masala is one of the best I have had.  A nice balance of spice, creaminess and flavor.  The garlic naan was also the best I had.  The lychee martini was also very good (I think).  I might have just been parched lol.  They were not quick to replace the water considering it was hot.  We had to ask several times for water.  Overall, the food was very good.
Pros:Chicken Malai KebabCons:Over-fried papad (poppadum)Roomali Roti - what they have on offer is most certainly not roomali roti. Closer to chappati. And for $4 that is a rip-offAmritsari Pulao - People from Amritsar won't even touch something that bland and flavorless with a stickAlloo Mutter - as my co-diner exclaimed "this tastes worse than the ready-to-eat stuff"I came here with high expectations given the reviews. But was majorly disappointed. We liked the chicken portions and were mislead to believe everything else would hold up.
All dishes we ordered were drowned in heavy sauces and tasted quite similar. The restaurant  smells strange ( I am not referring to the typical spice aroma)  and everything on the menu was overpriced. Service is decent. If you happen to find yourself here, I would recommend butter chicken and mirch chicken.  Overall I found this spot to be disappointing.
All the appetizers and dishes we had were incredibly flavorful and delicious! Just make sure to ask for rice with dishes that don't include them! I highly recommend mango lassis, garlic or paneer naan, samosas, chicken kali mirch, and bindi gosht! I'm definitely coming back to try more! I love how the area of NYC this is in is referred to as Curry Hill :P
The food here is REALLY good (I can attest to the Samosa, Chicken Dahiwala and Gobi Paratha). So four solid stars for that.The following brought it up to 5:- Nice atmosphere- Attentive and kind service- Cheap beer
This is my go-to Indian place in NYC. I went to school with a lot of people from India who said this was the spot to go to 4 years ago and I am still going today!
Having read all of the wonderful reviews for this restaurant, a group of friends and I came expecting at least an above average to good dinner. I am disappointed to say that was not the case. Ambience: a bit too crowded; there were frequently other diners forced to stand near our table as there is little to no waiting room. Service: my main gripe with this restaurant. A group of 5 of us ordered entrees at the same time. The other 4 entrees came out at once, within 15 minutes of ordering. Mine was never brought out and was clearly forgotten. The waiter tried to hand wave and said that the kitchen was busy. Apparently not too busy to finish the other 4 dishes... Food: cannot judge for myself, but my companions enjoyed their meals. We were all disappointed that rice was not included with entree dishes. I normally would not write such a negative review, but felt this experience warranted special attention.
Naan bread flawless...masala great,lasso perfect,great experience.prices are fair,authentic cuisine
With all the wonderful similar restaurants in the area, there are so many better choices.  Although the food is comparable to others, this restaurant does not honor reservations and is not worth the aggravation.
Many Indian restaurants measure their spiciness on an American scale. Dhaba does not. I ordered the Lamb Vindaloo (has 2 spicy chile's next to the item on the menu) and it was amazingly hot. I am not complaining as I love spicy cuisine, but it is a warning to others. I will probably come back here and order it again.
The past year, I have been going to this restaurant, and I have not yet been disappointed. The food tastes wonderful and the service is attentive and caring. For those who back away from spice, fear not, they accommodate to that. Granted, I am Pakistani so to me the spice isn't a bother, and my bf, who is Chinese wants the spiciest they can offer, but the spice is definitely not much. I always get dishes with the highest level of spice and it's just perfect. The food is flavorful and packed with a punch. My favorite things to get would be the garlic naan, achari with chicken (spiciest), and the aloo chaat. The service is always attentive and they will come by often to refill the water and to ask how things are going. And that makes the experience I have to say.All in all, I recommend this place highly, you won't be disappointed!
Average food, average vibe, horrible table legs, by the way...me and my dining partner couldn't figure out where to put our legs.  Wouldn't go back but DID see that we were on Indian Food row so perhaps others on that street are worth more!
Every time I crave Indian and venture to Curry Hill with the intention of trying something new, I inevitably end up back at Dhaba -- that is how good the food is. The lunch buffet here almost feels like stealing as it should not be possible to pay so little for so much. There is nothing unique about the menu or buffet, but somehow, across the board, the food is always better. The meats are more succulent, the curries more spicy, buttery, and delicious, the naan is fluffier, the lentils are never overcooked -- it is really the best indian I have found in NYC.
Still a great place in the neighborhood for Indian food. Recently the heat levels started to go down in the food, but I have managed to get our heat level up, its a fight - but they have managed to get it almost hot enough.
So the follow to my tip to this place. I just finished eating and the verdict out. They still got it when it comes to Indian food. Ordered Kali Mirch Chicken and chili onion naan. Good food. The staff is trying very hard to serve at their best but the management needs to put some structure around the service. Having said that, if u r in the city and want some good Indian food this is a good place. I would not make this place to bring my first date, the ambience is not that romantic. Oh by the way, I just got my check and for price you can't go wrong with this place.
In a somewhat large, diverse group of friends, buffets polarize a normally synchronized, harmonious group of people who love and care for each other.  You have:1. the elitist-leaning-toward-locavore who asserts that a buffet can't possible be "real" food2.  the closeted compulsive eater who dreams of Vegas often, not for the gambling and tomfoolery, but for the chance to have access to lots of buffets3. the person working on less income and wondering "damn man, I can't afford a buffet, those are normally like $20"We're leaving Kalustyan's en route to Eataly and we sing in harmony "lunch time".  Someone says, "Indian?".  Then the buffet debate ensues.  "Here I come to save the day," Yelp says via the smartphone app.  Dhaba isn't crowded and in a small moment (during which a star somewhere in the universe must've died), we are all excited about the choice.  Five Yelp Stars:- For a $10 buffet that is good enough to write mom about (or text, or email)- Choices for the carnivore and the vegetarian- FREE naan and appetizers (a few kinds) that are delightful in their own right (feel the need to repeat FREE)- Excellent, attentive service you normally don't get at a place where the waitstaff is seemingly concerned about being tipped less since people are serving themselves- A buffet with approx seven choices including biryani (our chicken had bones remaining, but oh well) - The food is fresh, not soggy or suffering from the "heat lamp" syndrome so many buffets are known to cause -- truly the same quality you'd expect if you order one-off from a menu- Nothing is spicy (sad for me, good for some of my friends)The food itself isn't necessarily worth Five Yelp Stars...but when I think about how happy everyone was with our meal and the overall experience, Dhaba does it right.  One big win for the buffet lover!
4 stars, out of 600+ reviews in NYC for an Indian restaurant left me expecting a much better Indian meal than one I can get in Miami (not an easy commodity down here). Boy, was I let down. The naan is good, but aside form that, it tasted like any other standard, mediocre Indian restaurant. Also, my chicken korma was on the bland side and the chicken was especially dry. To this day, I've yet to have better Indian food in the US than I did at Taste of Punjab in Kissimmee FL (trust me, I was just as shocked)..That place left me speechless.
Hands down the best Indian food my boyfriend and I have eaten. Indian is his favorite food and he says this is the very best he has ever eaten. Going here is a must!
The Malai Marke paneer is always fantastic. The roasted cashew appetizer is also amazing, and surprisingly large. Great atmosphere and open later than most Indian options in the area.
So again, I venture out into the world to eat Indian food not made by my mother (about damn time, right?) Expectations area always running high with me. This time, even more so because I was trying to show some friends a good survey of North Indian cuisine (the food of my people). Overall, Dhaba really impressed me.We started with the Pani Puri and Seekh Kebab. Both were spot on. Pani Puri is a nostalgic dish that we always eat on the streets of India and Dhaba's version really hit the spot. They pack the Puri for you ahead of time with the traditional chickpeas,  potatoes, and crunchy things (a technical term), which made it easy for my friends to just pour the tamarind water in and enjoy. For dinner we ordered so much. The standouts were bhindi, chicken biryani, and surprisingly the lentils. Everything was very flavorful and portion sizes were great.The butter chicken was slightly disappointing.Service was confusing. I felt like they were trying to be helpful, but really were kind of rushed and not very attentive. It was really annoying that they only accepted 2 credit cards per table. Never heard of a rule like that. Overall, this place isn't the most authentic indian spot, but it's all good food. Definitely worth a try.
Love this place both for a takeout and just stoping by to eat. Food is always good and the service is fast and attentive. I just can't get enough of their Chicken Tikka Masala. :)Not crazy about one thing... Their launch buffet options a bit limited.
Wow I was craving Indian food & after reading reviews we tried this spot and I was totally in heaven! The dishes we're very fresh, flavorful, hot and just incredible. The chutneys are to die for. I will be back!
Bad food. Argumentative staff. What's not to love.We ordered delivery through Seamless. The Bhel Pori was described on the menu as puffed rice tossed with potatoes, onions and chutneys. We got the puffed rice and nothing else. When we called the restaurant to ask for the potatoes and chutneys, the staff denied the dish was anything more than puffed rice. My wife, who was taught to cook by a master Indian chef, persisted and the restaurant said they would send over the missing ingredients. They arrived 40 minutes later but, even then, the dish was worse than weak. The quantity of potatoes was minuscule -- less than a teaspoon -- and the staff maliciously poured wholesale quantities of spice into the container to be vindictive because we called out their mistake. The saag paneer was mediocre. The samosas were fried in old oil and contained nothing more than potatoes and fennel. They truly sucked. And the restaurant ignored my Seamless request to include onion chutney with the samosas. The onion naan was dry and flavorless.   The  makki da roti was even dryer and with no discernible corn taste -- like yellow shoe leather. This was the worst Indian food experience in a long time. With Lexington Avenue's Curry Hill neighborhood thriving, Dhaba should be ashamed.Update 9/22/12 -- A caller identifying himself as a manager of Dhaba called my cell to apologize for the bad experience and offer a refund. I accepted.  Hours later, he called my cell again -- this time offering free food if I removed my review from Yelp. I declined. I also received a Yelp message with a written apology and a request that I telephone the owner at a Connecticut phone number.  This has yet to reach the level of stalking, but we're heading in that direction. Wish me luck.
I LOVE this place. DHABA DHABA DHABA! Such amazing Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Tikka Masala! The naan is outrageous! The smell of the spices lingers all day to make me want more. Delivery doesn't take too long either. It's a must have.
Indian food in NYC is generally not good -- DHABA is one of the exceptions. Curry hill on lex is overcrowded with good and bad options, but Dhaba sticks out with is modern and elegant design. The place caters to all groups, families and students alike. The reshmi kabob, lamb chops, chicken tikka and lamb rogan josh are all delicous. Make sure to get it with the chili onion naan. Give it try if you are in the area!
We went to this place after X-Mas 2012. Group of 5. The buffet was very basic and cheap. The lamb Bhirjani was too spicy and  too smoothy. The chicken was more gravy than meat.The tandoorie should  be part of the buffet. but no, the tandoorie chicken was served on request. There was no real vegetable. The desert was so cheap, only  Khear rice and rasgoolah.  the indian kitchen is very rich in a variety of meals, but this was so cheap. Will not recommend . Try another place, maybe a little bit more expensive.
just left this restaurant and here is my story! my friend and I ordered white and fried rices with Chicken Masala and Lamb curry. While I was eating my Lamb Curry I felt something wrong while chewing the meat "the same feeling when you chew shrimp shells!" then I decided to take it out of my mouth to see what it is and I got surprised when I saw big two pieces of clear plastic, I was about to eat a freaking PLASTIC!! then I asked for the manager and someone came and asked for what happened and I told him the story then they recooked my order. After I finished eating, I went to the casher and asked him if I was supposed to pay then he ran to the screen and "take out the Lamb curry cost" which means that he didn't intend to do it before I asked him my question! I actually expected them to tell me that I even didn't have to pay for the food after what happened. I said to the manager that my friend and I were sharing the plate and we both ate food that was cooked with plastic which was dangerous to eat regardless of the plastic that we might have eaten! and we might get a problem on our stomach because of that and he answer with this "when you get a problem on your stomach let me know and I will pay for everything" wtf!! He insisted that I have to pay for the rest of the receipt while I wasn't convinced to! Lastly he literally said this "do you want to pay or not?" of course my answer was "NO" then he said with an unsatisfied face "okay" then we left the place. The way he treated us is what drove me to write this review more than the fact that I found plastic on my food. The food wasn't bad, it was actually good but they didn't make our day at all.
Came for dinner, for non-buffet food. Was amazing, as expected. And now that I've been to India, I can compare Dhaba with real Indian food... and it is definitely a legit place.Also, for some reason, the cilantro here is harmless to me! Yes!
Came on a Sunday around 12:30 for the lunch buffet. The place was packed but we didn't have to wait.. shortly after we arrived there were people waiting at the door though. Also, the brunch was 2 doors down from the actual Dhaba restaurant- assuming they have the same owners?Solid Indian lunch buffet. The place is clean and the food is fresh and tasty. If I'm being honest, I've had both a better and worse version of every one of their dishes at other Indian buffets, with the exception of the gulab jamun (sugary dough ball dessert). The gulab jamun was exceptionally good, the texture, the temperature, the sweetness- all just right. That's not to say the other dishes weren't good- because they certainly were. At $13+ it was adequately priced and we will be back next time Indian food craving hits.
Below average when it comes to authenticity. Very lazy service. Really needs to improve. Better options on the same block. Will not be back!
Definitely my favorite Indian spot (so far) in the Murray hill area!The ambiance is modern but nothing to write home about, the service is very courteous and quick, and the food is really great and a great value.My favorite part about Dhaba is that the menu is a small tome. I could go 10 times and order 10 dishes each time without eating the same thing twice. As someone who loves Indian food but hasn't ventured too much outside of the classics, Dhaba really lets me come out of my comfort zone with its reliability and variety. My party tried the chicken chutneywala, the methi mutter malai (peas with saag cheese and a sauce similar to tikka masala, so good!), the pudinawali keema (lamb with spices and mint leaves, very flavorful) among others and all of the dishes were very very good.Overall a great place to try new dishes and an excellent value for NYC.
Great deal for lunch buffet in Manhattan (sub 15pp including tax and tips)! Although options are limited but it's still viable even if you are a vegetarian. A big group of us dropped by for a Saturday brunch. There was no line so we got seated right away. Hot naan are served immediately at the table. The chef walk in the dining area offering randoori chicken. Everything else is served at the bar area. Dishes are delicious and filling. Our waters are filled frequently. The brunch carried my friend through the whole day.
I like this place! The reason is  not only all you can eat, but also the chicken and lamb curry has lots of juicy chunk meat!!
Very reasonable lunch buffet (~$10)Loved the free pita bread they give you at the table and these fried potato balls of goodness. The sauce bar was delicious (yogurt, cilantro, BBQ, and others)Service was awesome and they had someone walking around serving chicken tandoori drumsticks :OFor $10 you can't go wrong with Dahba's buffet
Good food and great service. Loved the ambience and feel of this place. It is a little expensive for dinner time but  the food is really appetizing and worth the wait.  ( you might have to wait here sometimes if you don't have a reservation)
My favorite Indian buffet on Sunday! Super delicious tandoori chicken and the best naan imo.Always crowded though, but I suppose it's because the food is so good
The place is ok and the ambience is OK too. It was a warm evening and I guessbtheir air conditioning was off or low as we were sweating as we ate.We ordered the pahadi chicken and it was Spicy as noted on the menu. It was spicy in a red chilli way and not super tasty as such. The chicken biryani was OK too. I also tried the cocktail "kamasutra" but its nowhere close to what the name suggests.Overall not a great place just okayish. You can probably skip and find a better place to eat for the kind of money spent here.
I went here just bcos of the reviews. Came here for Dinner.And the food, atmosphere and the ambiance totally disappointed me.On top of that. the price is exorbitant. The kebabs were not juicy, the naan totally dry and tasteless. Just sucked. Avoid.. at least the a la carte. I haven't tried the buffet time, So i can't say that.
Came here for lunch today. The main entrance is closed due to renovations, so I have to enter a neighboring restaurant.When I got my first plate of food, one of the servers asked up if we want chicken. I got the chicken and it was soft when I ate it.Each item from the buffet has a name next to each one. What is different from the others is that they have fish curry. The fish is soft and tasty when I ate here. In addition to the complementary naan, there are some fritters.
I have had tons of Indian food.This clearly does not match it's price and location.Way too expensive. I just don't know how do many people have rated it so high. Perhaps it's a recent deterioration. But believe me it ain't worth it. There are better competitors nearby.
Around this area is Indian restaurant heaven. Literally restaurant after restaurant will be Indian food. So which one to go to? We went into Dhaba and were immediately hit with a delicious aroma of spices. Ugh, was I hungry. Chole Punjabi (B+)This curried chickpea dish was actually not that good. The chickpeas were harder than I wanted so the texture was a bit off. And it wasn't as flavorful as I hoped, and Indian food is flavorful. There was a lot of garlic which I enjoyed, but kind of mediocre. Chicken Tikki Masala (A)Really good. Very flavorful. A little sweet and a little spicy. A great texture to eat with rice. Thick enough and a brilliant red color. The only thing was the fact that rice didn't come with the dishes. 3.50 for rice? Really? Who eats curry with no rice. Seemed like they were rationing this basic basmati rice that comes with 4 peas on top. They also forgot my rice. Service, eh. But food is good. I'll go back if I'm in the area.
Decided to try this place after reading reviews and recommended by others.Thursday around 1:15- no long line outside, ample seating available. Table for 1 please. First guy: one sec. I wait a bit. Next guy says how many? 1. 1? Yes as in before 2, after 0. Ok wait. More waiting. Third guy: ok follow him. Finally.So I order a ginger ale and opt for the lunch buffet, came in hungry expecting to get the best bang for my buck and appetite.Round 1 was a success, grabbed a little of everything. Food was decent/above average. Nothing was mind blowing, nothing I could see myself ordering a la carte at regular menu prices. The chickens were def cooked properly, still maintained its juices. They "comped" some naan and other potatoes. Ive cleared my plate time for round 2 but this dumb broad gives me the check. In between which bites did I signal for this? Let alone i had my head buried into my phone the whole time. At this point I question authority and inquired if there was a max plate counter. No there isn't. Ok is there a max spoonful counter? Nope.. ok so why am I being told I'm now full? You're not in my stomach nor my wallet- this is not how I win at buffet. After a short quarrel my appetite has been lost and so has my streak at winning against the house on buffets. I will not return to only be rushed out when service wasn't slow but tolerable. EAT A BEEF DICK DHABA
I'm gonna start this by saying i have had Indian food all over the US and world. Its ranged from mom and pop little stands to swank upscale places you need to dress up for just to get in.  I've had some great Indian food so after reading reviews I had high hopes for this place. I thought my fiance and i could have a nice meal here and boy was i wrong.First we walk into this smaller dining area, and there are these two Indian children running around through the tables. I thought no big deal maybe they are the owners kids or some patrons getting ready to go. So they started out by seating us next to two big groups. One of these big groups happen to be the group that the children belong to. OK cool it looks like they are almost done. But being between two groups is pretty loud... Like yell into each other's ears at a concert loud.  And they had open tables far from the groups they could have sat us at.  The table with the kids is paying no attention to their children that are running around the dining room yelling, slamming their hands on tables, climbing on the booths and generally desturbing others. Instead the "adults" are yelling at one another in Punjabi about life. And when they do finally realize that their children are using the restaurant as a jungle gym they yell at them and at one point they slap the child in the face.What did the people running the restaurant do? Pretty much nothing they went over a couple times quietly asked them to quiet  down but most of the time they just stared and let the guest do whatever they wished. When we asked the staff to do something they just told us they would leave soon.  I understand that restaurant serves all and everyone has the right to be there but at some point as a person running your business you should know they are driving customers away. And guest of a restaurant should respect each other and realize this is not just for them. But to be honest even after these people left the restaurant was still really loud not relaxing at all. All through this debacle we ordered apps and drinks.  We were fully planning to order dinner and dessert too but after 10 -20 minutes we just realized there was no way we could enjoy our meal not even our drinks and apps.  They never offered to move our table we had to ask. We had to flag them down if we wanted services 60% of the time.  Because it was so loud it was impossible to get service. They didn't notice when my water was empty or were very attentive to our table at all. I felt they had a large amount of frustration at the whole restaurant.  As for the food that we actually got, to be honest it was mediocre. We got this lamb app that was somehow spicy but with no flavor.  I had to drown it in chutney just to eat it. The green chutney wasn't all that great either not very spicy like i would expect. The chat we got was OK but to be honest it was drowned in sauce so you didn't get that great crunch you expect of when you eat chat.  The drinks were good that's about all i can say for this place. Over all I'll never go back and honestly you shouldn't try it either.
I ordered the chicken tikka masala and garlic non-for take out. I wish I could give it 4 1/2 stars instead of just 4, but I had to knock off a little because the chicken tikka masala was spicier than expected, and the "gravy" was a bit 'runnier' than I like it. Maybe this is just me being a wannabe Indian food aficionado, but I like it when the sauce is much thicker. I find that it goes better with rice and naan that way. The naan was also SUPER thick, which surprisingly I wasn't crazy about, but it was still good. I found that a lot of the buttery and garlic flavor was lost a bit.Also, the guy that helped me at the cash register kept glaring at me like I had three heads, but whatever... All in all, they serve pretty great food. But be aware: it's a bit pricey, and it's the kind of place where you don't actually see any Indian people eating (despite being located in "Curry Hill"). I could probably best describe their patrons as the "weekend brunch white-people" crowd. You know what I mean? The kind of upper-class white people that say stuff like, "OMG I just LOVE authentic Indian food!" Nevertheless, the restaurant is always packed with the aforementioned crowd, so they must be doing something right!
Never had a chance to stop by since I do not like lunch buffets (food coma galore) but stopped in one rainy night on the suggestion of my friend who knew the place well.  Tikka paneer wow.  Didn't know cheese could be such a show stopper.  The chana masala was a bit undercooked but flavor was spot on.  I did not care much for the lentils.  Two orders of naan was way too much as they make them somewhat heavy here.  According to friend, spicy levels requested are not taken seriously unless you seem to be from India LOLZ.  I believe it after having tasted the five alarm spicy he requested.
This place is an utter disappointment from start to finish. We ordered two meat dishes - Rogan Josh and Chicken Kali Mirch. Both were beyond terrible. I am not sure why this place has 4 stars. I think these places advertise themselves as Indian to the unsuspecting population in NY and provide atrocious food that has no resemblance to the real version in India. The chicken dish was full of spices that were mixed disproportionately and the only thing we could taste was black pepper! The Rogan Josh was sweet with a red gravy!!! Where in India do you get Rogan Josh with a red gravy!?!?!?On top of this, the staff was rude to us. We are an Indian family and after leaving half the food because we just found it inedible, we decided to tip them but not as much as the 15% convention. The staff was rude enough to look at the tip right in front of us and then forced us to pay more. When we explained the reasons why we don't think the 15% or above gratuity was not deserved the manager was called and he grumbled that we finished all his food (a total fabrication) and we walked out of this place. Please avoid this place at all costs.
This was probably my worst indian food experience in my 4+ years stay in US. We entered the restaurant the place looked a bit unorganized and waiters/managers were not attentive to the new guests coming in. I made an order for chole bhature and VEG BIRYANI. It took a while for them to get chole bhature. We waited for another 30 minutes for 2nd dish i.e veg biryani.Finally after asking to check 2 times they said 2 more mins. The guy who served me said here is your veg Amritsari tawa pulav. I was like wtf. I ordered a veg biryani. There is a gang of Nepali waiters working in here. I asked them double check my order. One guy realized their mistake but had the guts to go ahead and tell me that this is only veg biryani. I called the other waiters and asked them. They are so scared of him they cant see the order placed in front of them on the table. They are telling me let me check, talking to him and telling me that it is veg biryani. I tasted the plate and being an indian i can clearly differentiate the difference between biryani and pulav. I called them again and asked to check, asked them who is the manager . All the waiters being Nepali defending each other saying there is no manager we all are equal. I asked them the name of the guy who kept on telling me that the dish is biryani, people are saying i work for the neighboring restaurant  i dont know his name. No one is ready to take his nameMr. Natrajan owner of the restaurant this waiter cartel is mishandling all your customers. I feel sad for all the non indian customers that come to this place, some of them might not be even realizing that they are getting.There is no harm admitting that you served the wrong dish. Finally i the general manager min bujel (old Nepali short guy in specs) came in front saying lets end this, he was nicely in the background all this time. As soon as he realized i would escalate this to the owner or call the cops. I asked him the name of the waiter calling pulav veg biryani and enforcing that on me over amd over again.The waiters name is bimal as told by the manager, i dont know if he was lying or not but he was wearing a maroon color full sleve shirt today , nepali and fairly tall. He and the manager should be fired immediately not because they mishandled my order but things they might e doing to others as well.Mr. Owner if you happen to read this feedback, take it as constructive feedback amd try to improve things atleast in this restaurant (dhaba) of yours Finally i left just paying for chole bhature disappointed. -kartik moolani-shruti moolani
Great lunch buffet if you are as carnivorous as I am! Also their spice/flavor factor is great and pungent. Definitely catering to a more ethnic crowd. Their goat biryani was a stand out for me! The meat to rice ratio was perfect. Both chicken tikka and curry were perfectThey walk around with tandoori chicken as wellAll the meats were melt in your mouth good. Not overcooked at all which is usually how I find meats in Indian restaurants (esp buffets) As far as the vegetable dishes. The palak aloo was great and the only memorable dishIf you are coming with a big appetite just note that the naans take a bit of time to come out ... so have some biryani as you wait ;)
Very tasty. Friendly staff. Reasonably priced. Large portions. After having spent a year living in Singapore, I was skeptical about ever being able to really enjoy Asian foods upon my return.  Indian, being one of my favorites, I went for it. It's not an authentic hole in the wall, it's trendy, but the food is closer to authentic than to trendy and new wave. Will definitely go back.
Fantastic deal in midtown manhattan. Get there early to avoid crowds. Best meal I had on my vacation hands down. Cant beat the value.
If you ever want to get your curry fill- this is the place to go. I give this place 3.5 stars.  For only $13 bucks you can get all you can eat indian food. You'll definitely have to carefully maneuver around the restaurant to get to your food but the waiters/waitresses will be coming around putting naan and other sides on your table (chicken). There are an assortment of curries- ranging from the famous chicken tikka marsala, to the a selection of vegetarian dishes,  lamb curry,  and a shrimp curry. The meal is finished offf  with sweet balls of dough. Come hungry and eat happy.
I normally dont give full fives but its all for food... I found the place congested... But order anything you gonna love it... I ate indian food in all over states but this is so far the best place to eat... Perfect blend of spices and perfect naans...Recommended for all...
Great food and even though it was very crowded they seated us on time. They have good drinks and good service too. I can't remember what we had, I looked over their menu but still not sure, but one dish had green chilies and it was excellent. Would love to get that one again.
Amazing Indian Food! The ginger lentils and garlic rice were to die for! They have a lot of vegan options. I love the complementary chutney and crispy bread,  so good it was CRACK we could not stop eating and shamelessly asked for more. They also have a great Indian beer there which pairs nicely with spicy dishes. The only reason I don't give five stars is (extra) loud music. Truly a great place for authentic Indian at Lexington.
I'm never coming back to this place ever again.Things I didn't like:- Chicken butter marsala. It tastes like yellow thick liquid with a lot of spiciness. The chicken tastes like cardboard. I've been to a lot of Indian restaurants, and I'd never had a bad chicken marsala until now. Even my Indian friend agreed with me.- Service. We never got our appetizer until after we got our main entree.- Dark ambiance.- Chili chicken tastes no better than Panda Express.Things I liked:- Lassi drink
Dhaba is a solid choice for classic North Indian-style food. This is probably the place I would most recommend to an out-of-town friend who is looking for a familiar Indian Restaurant experience in New York City. We come here frequently for the same reason my parents are now on their fifth Toyota. The food is consistent, the prices are reasonable and there's good service all around. This being said it is always packed, the ambience is a little bright, and the music they play tends towards the dance-pop end of the spectrum. If you don't mind all of this you probably won't be disappointed. Probably very good for takeout too.
First time eating in curry hill! A friend of mine picked this place.Between 3 people we ordered 2 naans and 2 entrees with a rice. And itwas surprisingly more than enough! At first, I wasn't sure if that would beenough food for 3 especially since the dishes didn't look big but wecouldn't even finish. The naan really filled me up.The waiter did a great job recommending a dish for us. I asked forsomething saucy but not curry or spicy. He suggested the butterchicken - it was delicious and exactly what I wanted.The other curry we ordered was good also but I couldn't handle morethan one bite. Spicy foods and I have a love hate relationship.A few things to note:BYOB for wine requires a $15 cork fee....mmmm not really worth itThey only take 2 credit cards per table
Delicious authentic indian good.I came with a large party for my friend's birthday.  I honestly can't remember all of the food we had because it was family style.  But we had Chaat as an appetizer.  For entrees, we shared lamb, chicken, spinach with cottage cheese, rice, okra and a few other delights.  Very delicious and spicy!  Thankfully, the staff kept our glasses full.  Service was attentive and the manager came over several times to chat us up. The restaurant is a little small, but intimate with nice decor.Apparently on the weekends, there is an incredible buffet with over 60 versions of chaat!
There's a lot on the menu and it could take some time to get through it. Overall bold flavors. Like the menu, a lot going on in each dish. In the end we had: Methi Pakora (fenugreek leaf fritters) - not my favorite, dry and unexcitingAloo Tikki Chaat (potato patties, chickpeas, onions, yogurt, chutney) - very good, many different flavors that combine very well togetherKadai Mirch Paneer (wok tossed cheese, onions, peppers) - nice contrast to the other entree of lamb in flavor and textureBalchao Lamb (tangy curry from Goa) - tasty, indeed some sourness in the curry, excellent with riceNot a place to sit for a long meal. Tables are small and placed close together. Service is generally efficient.
This place gets pretty busy during dinnertime.  I advise making reservations if you plan on going on a Friday evening or weekend.  Overall, this is my go to Indian place when someone is in town.  The food tastes fresh and not as greasy as the other places in curry hill.  The menu is extensive and although loud, I like the casual ambience.  It's vegetarian friendly.  My favorite is the punjabi khadi and the samosas.  The saag paneer definitely could be spicier.
Lunch buffet was pretty good in quality and value.  It was a squishy restaurant even for NYC, but the service was good and I liked that the waiters came around with small plates even during the buffet.
I've been here a few times, most recently with my parents this past week. Dhaba is definitely one of the more popular places in Curry Hill, and it's difficult to get a seat if you come too late in the evening. It's a bit of a tight fit sitting at a table (it's not a big restaurant, and they try to squeeze in every last seat), and the noise level gets pretty loud during dinner. Service was pretty good in terms of keeping our water glasses filled, though.The food is above average relative to other Indian places, but it's not anything to write home about. The chicken tikka masala is fairly standard, and it's definitely not worth the $16(!) that you have to pay. I tried another dish this past week - the dahiwala murgh - which was pretty disappointing as well. Aside from not being spicy at all, the sauce has too much yogurt in it, and the slightly sweet taste just didn't work well. The chicken was okay, but it was a bit dry. I've had the biryani before, which is pretty good here (not quite as good as Sangam, but close).All in all, it's a decent restaurant, although I would still rate Bhatti a bit higher, even if it does have less variety. The prices are a bit high, though, and like other places in the area, you have to pay extra for rice on the side. I'll probably go back in the future, but this week reminded me why I haven't gone all that often.
Ordered delivery which took about an hour and we were only 6 minutes away.... Probably should've just picked it up. BUT! The food was warm and all of it was super super tasty. Just really good Indian Food!
The food is delicious and not oily as most other Indian places make it. The only cons were that the table was too small (for a group of 4) and there isn't a large variety of food, which I think a buffet should definitely have. But then again this is a small restaurant so that's why there's not that much variety. Oh yeah and the naan was soooo delicious!!!
I've reached the pinacle of lazy by not only avoiding walking over to this place to pick up my lunch yesterday, but I ordered online on their website.  I thought, "Ohhh look how convenient this is!  This will be MUCH quicker than if I call in; I'll avoid having to be placed on hold."  Boy was I dead wrong.  Devotion is needed my Yelpers with the website!  Yes- you will get prompted to fill out EVERYTHING even if you don't want to.Yes - you're gonna have to make up that password; just use "password;" you know you're gonna forget anyway.Yes - you need at least a minimum of $10 for delivery; you can put everything on your credit card too.Literally 20 minutes later I got an email confirmation that my paneer in spinach, rice, naan, daal, and my samosa's were on the way with love to my work! I grabbed the food from the delivery guy.I grabbed my utensils and headed for the lunch room.I grabbed the butter naan.I grabbed the rice and paneer.I chewed and felt so wonderfully happy to finally eat with my hands.I grabbed my leftovers before anyone got any ideas.Rub that tummy counterclockwise to help digest easy my friends!  I can't wait to go there and eat!
Came here for their buffet lunch.  A bit crowded and you kind of felt you were trying to maneuver around people eating but other than that, a very pleasant experience.  There was a wide selection of vegetarian and meats (chicken tikka masala , a shrimp curry and lamb curry dish) and it was all very tasty.  The waiter also stopped by with naan and chicken tikka.  I definitely left full and the price was not too bad.  Will definitely come again when I'm hungry!
Came here for the Sunday $12.95 lunch buffet and it was just as good as ever to me! Now the buffet does not have the traditional tikka marsala that I think most people look for, but they had this other chicken kadhni I think? that basically tasted the same to me. we had a larger group of 7 people and all but 1 person ordered the buffet. They brought out 2 big baskets of naan and a pita for our table. I had never had the pita (it was like a pita pocket really) before but it was so good! The other food they offered was also tasty in my opinion, though I was not a fan of their pudding dessert (but that's probably just me and my taste buds).The place is a bit small so you keep bumping into people (including the waiters who are shuffling about), but the service is good. We were there for 2 hours (we sat chatting long after we finished eating) and they did not kick us out and instead kept refilling our waters while we chatted! They were also quite good about clearing plates. At a lot of places I get up to re-fill and hope my plate is gone when I return. Here, they take my plate before I have a chance to getup to refill. It was nice! We came at noon and it was pretty empty but by 1pm this place was packed! Quite the popular spot!
Lunch buffet for $9.95. They have a weekend buffet too, apparently, but I have yet to experience that. I've been here twice so far. The fact that so many patrons are Indian is a plus, as that's how you know it is legit.The buffet has options for meat eaters and veggies alike. I can't say that the food is amazing, but it is delicious and great bang for the buck. They consistently make more so it is always fresh. In addition, they give each table a free veggie appetizer, which has been different the two times I've gone. The dessert was different as well, having gulab jaman the last time around. I'd be more descriptive but I'm not Indian. Heck I don't even know the names of most of my people's dishes, so how am I gonna know others? I just go by the looks.+1 quality+1 quantity (ayce)+1 bang for buck+1 mixin' up the ol' appetizers and dessertsGlad I came. I'll probably be back, but I'd like to try the other buffets in the area.
Food was amazing. We had the fish amritsari and chicken kaboobs for appetizers. Both very good. Mango Martini was ok, while the lassi was fantastic. For entrees we had the Chicken Black Pepper, Butter Paneer, Okra, Chicken Dahiwala, and butter chicken. Everything was awesome. The portions were very generous. However, the ambience, spacing, and the noise level was terrible. Extremely loud - couldn't hear a thing on our converstations. The tables are really small and spacing is very tight. Zero privacy. Good but slow service.
Went here last night. Food was pretty good. Just keep in mind if you choose a spicy item, they can adjust how hot it is but the mild is still pretty hot. The restaurant is a little small and pretty tight. I was sitting pretty close to the next table. It was hard to get out. The staff are nice and helpful.
We had the buffet lunch. The rice is fine; the entrees looked like Indian food, but the food lacked taste and texture; no flavor. The spinach in particular was bland and over-pureed. Even though the restaurant had few empty tables, the buffet food was dried out and unappealing. The water glasses had a grey discoloration. My main complaint is that the food was not tasty. However, the na'an is good with a fresh texture. There are two new restaurants on the same block which I will try next time. Dhaba is a big disappointment. I will not go there again.
Pretty good meal. Had some good samosa , some potato thing and garlic naan. Tikki masala was so good.
Dhaba has TERRIFIC Indian food. Their lentils are wonderful and the naan amazing. The only problem is the dim lighting and the roaring noise.
I was here for the lunch Buffett. It is really good. One of the few places I frequent for lunch because of their reliability. Never been here for dinner, so can't comment on their dishes off the menu. But I guess it should be good. Overall they keep up with their quality and I have never been disappointed. Will keep coming back for sure.
Best Indian restaurant in NYC. I recommend coming here for the buffet. Being Indian I have been to many Indian buffets over the years. However, this place is the best. The service is great, and the FOOD, pure AMAZING. And the price is extremely reasonable.
Very good service and food is excellent so there may be a wait at the door. For groups larger than 4 make reservations. This is by far the best Indian food for the price
Was here for lunch buffet today. Five stars for service. Dare I say, it's one of the best service I've had in NYC. It felt like there were two waiters always ready to fill my water glass or fill my plate with tandoori chicken.Three and half stars for food. Nothing spectacular, solid Indian food with good nan bread. The lunch buffet could be cheaper though. Dropped $14 including tip today.
Dhaba has always been my spot for Indian dining besides Kokum. I ate here yesterday and the food was exceptional. You have to try their lassi. Its killer good! No complaints at this restaurant as every time I come here the food is consistent.
I've come here twice to order the Chicken Tikka Masala  TO GO and both times the dish actually tasted completely different!  This could either be a good or bad but the crazy thing is that despite the variance in taste and preparation, I thoroughly enjoyed both.I haven't sat in the restaurant yet but I pass by every day after work and the place is always packed and it smells wonderful while walking by.  It's actually quite a small restaurant so I wouldn't recommend going in a large group.  It's very intimate and high temperatures.But back to the food.  The portions are good and the flavors are terrific.  The prices may be a premium in comparison to other competing restaurants but honestly it's worth it because you are paying for the overall quality of the dish.  Add a garlic naan and you're good to go!
If you like overpriced Indian, then this is the place for you. The staff is curt and abrupt. The curry dishes don't come with any sides. You're on your own for rice and naan.
My wife recently had a yearning for Indian cuisine and since we were in NYC, we decided to try something new.  We normally go to dine at the numerous Indian and Pakistani restaurants near the Lower East Side around 2nd Avenue near 5th Street.   The place we've gone to numerous times is Haveli at 100 Second Avenue, but we wanted something different and my niece recommended Dhaba located in an area affectionately named "Curry Hill" in Manhattan.  The story is that many Indian and Pakistani cab drivers would congregate and have lunch in this area, so numerous establishments moved to this area.  The restaurant is fairly small (seats less than 100 patrons) so reservations are recommended.  Inside, the restaurant décor is actually very modern and colorful.  The music was loud and almost has a "rock" beat, so don't expect a quiet dinner for two.  There was an eclectic mixture of traditional Indian/Pakistani families, college kids, young professionals, and your average tourist like me   But more important, the food and service are excellent.   For an appetizer, we selected Lasoni Gobi, which consisted of deep fried cauliflower sautéed in a sweet and tangy ginger sauce.  The texture and taste reminded me of Sweet and Sour Chicken or General Tso's Chicken, but it's made with cauliflower, a vegetarian delight.  For our entrees we selected the Butter Paneer which consisted of paneer cheese in a creamy tomato sauce, Bhuna, a mild curry with chicken, and Dhaba Shrimp Curry with onions, tomatoes, and herbs.  And finally, what would an Indian meal be without Basmati Rice and Garlic Naan.   Overall, the meal was great and I highly recommend this restaurant
Well I find this place nice from inside.. Taste of north Indian dishes were good too... Little over priced compare with quantity.. But over all good...at least try once
We decided to go there last week, sometime around 7 PM on a Friday. Needless to say it was very crowded and we decided to give in our name for a table for two to an Asian lady at the billing counter. What followed was an experience which neither my partner or me would forget. Another couple who had come In much later than ours were given preference to be seated. When we asked the Asian lady and the manager, an Indian guy in his forties, they told us to our faces that the other ladies will be given preference. Quite shocked, we decided that our evening out together was more important than arguing with someone. So we decided to try kailash parbat and had one of the best customer service experiences in a long long time. Would never step into this place again.
The quality of the food alone warrants the 5 stars. I dine here regularly and this is some of the best indian cuisine I've had in a restaurant. The staff are also very prompt and attentive. It is quite loud and carrying a conversation is a challenge, but the food quality trumps ambiance and 5 stars ensue.
The ambiance at Dhaba is classy and the music is too loud. The service is polite but only somewhat attentive. The waiters are either distracted and in a hurry to/from some other table, or just standing around talking with each other. The food is excellent. I ate Mulligatawny Soup (vegan version), Samosa with dips and, from the vegan section of the menu, Chole Punjabi with Batura bread--chickpea curry with onions and fresh herbs. One of my dinner companions had Tandoor Grill, and it did take a long time to prepare as the menu warned, but he enjoyed it when it finally came. We felt that all the entrees should have been held until the Tandoor was ready.
Chicken (dark) Korma, Malai Kofte, Dal Tadka so delicious.This place is hands down my favorite Indian spot in the city. Incredible buttery, flavorful dishes and the BEST garlic Naan. I will be back.
Lasoni gobi was half cooked and without salt. I didnt like paneer malai maarke. It was served cold and when we sent it back to make it warm, they didnt so it. There are other restaurants around. should have tried that.
This place is as solid as it comes for Indian food. A bunch of us went for brunch on Sunday. We were able to get a table no problem but the place was jumping. Food was great. The goat biryani was my favorite. There was also a ton of options for vegetarians. They also do a great job of bringing different types of breads and chicken tandoori to the table. My only problem is that I always overeat at these buffets but hey I'll make that tough sacrifice any day. The buffet was only like $13 before tax and tip which was a lot cheaper than expected so another good surprise. Highly recommended, go try it.
I stopped by with two friends on a Saturday evening and managed to sit down without a wait despite the restaurant looking nearly completely full. I had a mango lassi and was unfortunately not very full, but I had bits and pieces of what we ordered, which included the naan and the chicken and peppercorn dish; the latter was pretty good, a bit better than most Indian food I've had in the city. It wasn't terribly expensive and had a very nice ambiance for a fairly large and open restaurant. Also, the service was very good; one member of our party spilled his mango lassi, and they quickly came to clean it up and replaced it for him. A nice place to come and eat at a nice restaurant with quality food.
Nice Indian lunch buffet option in the Curry Hill area. The restaurant was super packed for lunch on a Friday, which was a good sign. It is not a super big place, so maneuvering around the buffet was a bit tricky, but we managed fine. The food was pretty flavorful, but a little on the spicier side. The naan was nice but wasn't as fluffy as I have had at other places. They also walked around with Chicken Tikka which was really tasty, but it might have been nice if they just had it available for self service on the buffet. I had the mango lassi too and that was delicious! Perfect to cool down my mouth after all the spices. Probably one of the best ones I have had. Overall a great option if you are in the area, but in terms of variety and flavor of the food, I like Brick Lane Curry House more in Little India. Glad I tried it once though!
Ate: Lamb kabob appetizer, chicken dahiwalaDrank: Kama sutra, some ginger drink, beerLiked: Waiters were very nice albeit a little frazzled it seemed at times.Disliked: A little dirty, too dark, the cocktails were weak.Chicken: Gotta admit that the food was excellent, especially the chicken dahiwala.  It was so good that the next table got jealous and ordered one for themselves.Would mom like it?:  Mom's a racist.  Not sure how that's relevant here.Wait: None at 10:30pmWould I go back: I haven't been to enough places in curry hill, so maybe after I try more places.Recommend: Don't waste your money on the cocktails.  Kama sutra, was anything but orgasmic.
Big fan of Indian food and I love this place.  Stopped in for a business lunch and found the service to be slow, probably because we were not getting the buffet.The vindaloo was amazing.  The perfect amount of spice, not scorching but enough to make you sweat.  Nice big chunks of chicken and potatoes with everything else nicely creamed.  Nan bread wasn't the best, but still good, I would just prefer mine a little crispier.Pretty weak beer selection, just the standard Indian beers and a bud.I will definitely be going back here for dinner with my fiance sometime soon.
we came here the other day because my fiance had friends visiting and wanted to do dinner. However, they're vegan so my usual suggestions wouldn't do. searching vegan restaurants by the fiance's office turned up a lot of Indian, which makes sense. after some menu searching we chose Dhaba as they have both meat and vegetarian/vegan options(both). everyone was glad we made that choice. the food here was delicious. easily the best Indian that I have had in the city (my knowledge is hardly comprehensive but i have eaten at a few) . i had the butter chicken, the fiance had the korma, and her friends had a couple of things that I don't remember but that they liked. also their Naan was fabulous. nice and thin and not burnt. so I am very glad that this exists basically around the corner from my fiances office so that we can go back there more often, as there are a lot of things I would like to try.
Everything here is pretty standard Indian food wise but extremely, extremely tasty.  The gulab jamun are to DIE for.The one thing I'll say is that this place is never not crowded, and it doesn't help that the tables are all smushed together and there's loud music pumped in.  I prefer not to eat my Indian food in a nightclub.
My favorite Indian buffet in NYC. The price ($9-10) is right, the atmosphere is nice, and the food is good! Basically around lunchtime, everyone gets the buffet. You'd be silly not to. The naan is warm, fluffy, and comes in rounds delivered to your table. Waiters carry trays of savory goods straight from the kitchen, asking if you would like a plate. Of course!!  Then there's the buffet - not as much variety as I was expecting, but the quality of the food made up for that. Chicken tikka masala, paneer, basmati rice, and a sort of saffron rice with chicken (yummy!), dessert...I ate wayyy too much but it was so good! Heartily recommend.I also saw some people getting the buffet to go - I think you get a foil bin and fill it up to take to go.
My go to spot on Sundays if hankering for some Indian food. Buffet is the way to go! Get your food in the back and by the time you sit, fresh warm Naan bread is on your table. Its asking you to nom nom nom it down! Service staff then offers freshly made chicken to you...it keeps coming too. Don't plan any major physical activity afta....cuz you'll be in a food coma!Will be back. Please don't ask me to leave like Homer was!
Dined in Dhaba twice during my NYC trip and liked the food (veg and non-veg) on both the occasions. It was quite delectable. The menu wasnt crammed with options and each offering was distinct from its peer. However the following can be improved upon:a) the place is heavily cramped. Tables are juxtaposed to each other leaving just a few inches' space between each of themb) certain refinements are required in service, even though overall service was good. Food arrived on time and staff was ok. But on the first day after we were done with the main course, our attending waiter exclaimed, "you dont need dessert, right?" Well, asking us if we would want to look into the dessert menu would have been a better way to put itc) make reservations before you go. I waited for my table (for 4) on a friday evening for half an hour.However, despite the nive experience got a jolt a few weeks later when they charged me more on my card than what i had signed for. Unprofessional. Very unprofessional.
TERRIBLE. This was an order placed through Seamless for a 10 person team lunch at work - it was requested that each person's order was labeled and it wasn't, which made for a confusing lunch. The bag the food arrived in was like it was turned upside down and shaken - EVERYTHING was spilled everywhere, and there was missing items. When I called to get the missing items, they didn't even apologize! This was an order close to $200 and I don't even get an apology for the mess? Never again. Can I give less than 1 star?
Delicious. Tried a mix of plates and it was all amazing. Pineapple cocktail is yummy too. Best Indian food I've had in the city.
Indian buffets are perfect for people like me who enjoy eating Indian food but don't necessarily know the cuisine well enough to order the right variety of dishes on their own. The buffet at Dhaba is a great value and has the favorites, such as chicken tikka masala and paneer, along with lesser known dishes. While I can't say if the flavors were purely authentic, my dining companions and I have always found them tasty. Waiters come to your table to serve naan and Tandoori chicken, which is a nice touch. On any given weekend, I would choose Dhaba over many of the brunch places I've been to in New York.
My mother wanted me to let everyone know how much she enjoyed the aloo mattar and langarwali daal, some of the best Indian food she's ever had in NYC. Mango lassi was excellent as well. I enjoyed the Bollywood music playing in the background, was just the right volume so we could still hear ourselves talk. We came Sunday night at 6pm before the crowds, so our service was great. We will be coming back again!
Came across this place on a random Sunday afternoon and got the $14 buffet.  Excellent food, and it was packed....which in NYC is all the "review" you really need.
I like this place. Cheap lunch buffets ($12 on Saturday, $11 on Sunday, or something like that?), which are perfect after a long night out. Alongside buffet food, they'll also bring hot appetizers around while you eat - Tandoori Chicken, Chat, Bhel Puri, Pakodas, etc. As a rule of thumb, I'm always annoyed when places don't have free refills (though this seems typical of Indian places). Service is sort of slow, and on cold days, there's always a killer draft, so try and sit off to the sides.
Service (4 stars): Went here for dinner on a Wed night with a party of seven.  Made a reservation the day before and they were very accommodating even when half our party was about 30 minutes late.  Sometimes hard to track down a waiter though, but they refilled water very fast (which is clutch with Indian food).Food (3 stars): Lamb Rogen Josh was good, but nothing special.  Felt the same way about the appetizer (Panner Pakora- cheese friter things).  The other curries I tasted were A-ok, but not great.I will have to come back for the lunch buffet, which everyone raves about.
Lunch buffet = AWESOMEDinner = mehOur server was rather pushy and constantly trying to get us to buy more food, drink, or just spend more money. An even bigger catch was that you had to pay for rice (which I understand more restaurants are doing now...but really...).Food is always fantastic and is the same menu, per usual lunch situations, as dinner. So if you want to check this place out, I'd recommend you go for lunch.
food was delicious. sizes were plenty. what else do you need? P.S.: loved it! naan bread is twice as big as your head. love naaaaan 5*
Its better than most of the Indian restaurants on the street. The food was okay but the ambience was very loud and lot of tables were packed in a small place hence the lower rating.
Tasty food! A popular lively place with an inviting atmosphere. I would recommend this place.
Punjabi PoetryThe food's authentically spicy;Though for what you get, it's pricey,Unless you go for the lunch buffetAnd want a giant meal midday.I found it so dark in there at night,It was hard to see anything; they need more light.(Though the pendant lights look really cool,I can't read the menu; I feel like a fool.)We had no legroom, nor space for our gearAnd the guy behind me kept slamming the rearOf my chair; he was tallAnd he and his friends were squished by the wall.But the dal and the curries are really so goodThat despite all the rest, I'd go back. Yes, I would.
It wasn't bad, but I've definitely had better indian food.  Their tandoor dishes were pretty good.  Chicken tikka masala was okay, not the best I've had.  Nan was pretty good. Service was ok.  They made the effort to make sure our water glasses weren't empty and the food came out in adequate time.  The check took a while to come.
I liked the Amritsari Fish here but not Balti Chicken... N they did not serve Masala Chai at 2:53 pm!!!! Sucks, isn't it!
If you want an Indian lunch buffet that's available from Monday to Saturday that offers meat options, Dhaba is your choice. The restaurant itself is modern and chic, with fancy glass lampshades and interesting fabric wall coverings.There were about 8 different selections, and all of them were top-notch. My least favorite was the lamb - it had a slightly gamey taste, but otherwise everything was almost authentically spicy and very hearty.As an appetizer, they offer a basket of roti and some potato cakes. Dessert was gulab jamun: it's like fried donut holes soaked in sugar syrup with some indian spices. Very sinful, very delicious. Service was excellent and prompt.And at $25 (including tip) for 2, it's a pretty damn good deal.
Used to be good . I think there might have been a change in management because it's unfathomable how bad the food is compared to a couple years ago. They must have cut back on the quality of their ingredients. It is obviously noted in the meats and sauces they use like for example I'm sure that they used high-quality ghee  better but I know for a fact they do not any longer.  I thought maybe perhaps they were having a bad day or week but after several lunches and one dinner it's sad to say that I am done with this place. There are so many other Indian restaurants to try. Don't waste your money. I promise you'll regret the way you feel after you eat have eaten their food
Great atmosphere, service (initially), recommendations, and... FOOD!If it weren't for the crazy extra fee for rice ($3) and the wait staff taking a break (and or doing their closing paper work) at the end of the evening, I could safely say 5 stars. Tips: don't sit in the display window, its like an echo chamber and you are likely to be sitting next to someone who can, and will, talk over the noise.Branch out: skip the stuff you can get in the freezer isle at your decidedly bland super-mart and go for the cauliflower appetizer and a lamb dish and get the rice pudding for dessert, its not too sweet.
Enjoyed very much.  Go to Indian amongst many on the street.  Service impeccable.  Enjoy.
We were pretty regulars at Dhaba since it opened. Most recent visit was on Sunday 1 December 2013 around 4 pm and very disappointing. The place was noisy and almost impossible to have a conversation at the table due to the blaring music. Service was terrible. The appetizers were disappointing and were  probably stale from the Sunday lunch buffet which had just concluded at 4 pm. We had ordered bhel and sev puri. This said, when the entrees arrived - methi mutter curry and malai kofta, to our surprise, these 2 curries were out of this world and reminded us of our earlier days at Dhaba. We would pass Dhaba anytime for Chola (their sister restaurant in mid town NYC).
GREAT lunch buffet!!! the best in the neighborhood,.... and I've tried them All!!! Great price and delicious food.  It gets packed cuz it's that good. The appetizers (veggie and tandoor meats are brought fresh, directly to your table).I just wish they would work on their dessert. Their Suji dessert needs to be replaced by a more traditional dessert like kheer (rice Pudding) or gadjar ka halwa (carrot halwa). I have heard that from alot of other people too... so take note, Dhaba!
Oh I like this place. Sunday lunch buffet for $13, not extremely cheap side as an Indian buffet lunch, but it's worth a lot more than the price. Other than the decent buffet food, they bring hot freshly made naan(Indian pita bread), and several small dishes(sorry no idea how it's called), and tandoori chicken to your table! I was actually disappointed at first since I couldn't find tandoori chicken at the buffet table, but it was brought by the stuff (he was walking around with the plate full of tandoori chicken). By far, the best, most juicy tandoori chicken I've ever had. One of the small cons here is that I felt the food was a little bit oily even compared to some other Indian places. The wait stuff was really attentive and our table stayed always clean while we were enjoying the meal. Unlike the other Indian place, this place has modern decor which almost looks like a small American cuisine place. Well, one of the dishes with pieces of bread(tasted like regular American roll) was also suggesting this may be an "american-friendly" Indian restaurant. Anyway, overall really satisfying brunch experience. Can't wait to come back here...!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the "Little India" section of Murray Hill.  I haven't eaten anything at Dhaba that tastes bad.  Their dinner entrees are fresh, flavorful. and tasty.  Their weekend buffet is affordable, has plenty of options, and will make you STUFFED.  This place is so good that whenever my parents travel in from the suburbs (CT), they NEED to go to Dhaba for the weekend all-you-can-eat buffet.  This is pretty quality Indian food, IMO.  Go here!
Updating to increase my rating from 4 to 5 stars.I've been here several times. It never disappoints. I have started branching out in my selections, and I have never been dissatisfied. I was even floored by a dish with eggplant, and I thought I didn't like eggplant! I will even devour the leftovers for DAYS (and yes, they give you enough where you just might have leftovers for days).It's my favorite in the city. Hands down.
One of the best restaurants in NYC to get good Indian food.Great buffet for lunch.
Food: On par with the the other Indian places on curry hill and a little bit more expensive.  Service: Quite  a lot of waiting for people to take orders, refill water, bring checks. Ambience: Chic-ish.
The naan here tastes so fresh and I would eat it every single day if I could. All of the curries I had were just right right amount of spice for me. Enough to feel the kick, but mild enough to not feel the need to sprint for the nearest cup of whole milk. Looking forward to my next trip to Dhaba!
The best chicken tikka masala I've had. The gravy is just perfect. We had to wait for twenty mins on a cold rainy Thursday. But was so worth it.
One of the better Indian places I've been to in the city.  Have had a bunch of dishes here and everything was good.  Service is good, prices are reasonable.
Cool atmosphere and delicious food.  Dining room is small and can get crowded and loud.  That is the only negative.
The food - 3.5 stars. Tasty, but our chicken was a little dry especially in the Biryani Chicken.Service - 2 stars. Friendly at first, quick with waters and drinks, but ran into a problem with our order. When we ordered, we asked for the Chicken Tikka Masala. The waiter said "do you want Chicken Tikka or Chicken Tikka Masala" and we said Chicken Tikka Masala. When our order came, it didn't look like masala (lots of rice and not much sauce) so we asked, "doesn't the masala come with more sauce?" And the waiter said "yes" so we said "can we have some more sauce?" The waiter brought a bowl of sauce and chicken that was much more like Masala and we enjoyed the rest of our meal. When we got our check, we saw that we had been charged for both Chicken Tikka AND Chicken Tikka Masala. When we confronted the waiter about this we told him we originally ordered the Masala and that's why we were asking for sauce and when he brought the sauce we didn't think we were being charged for another entree entirely. He just stared at us as if to suggest that we were trying to rip off the restaurant and get a free meal when really it was his mistake. He continued to stare awkwardly until I said "whatever, lets go" and paid the bill and took home way more indian food than we ordered or intended to eat. The waiter was the bald guy with the glasses.
The folks at Dhaba did not honor my reservation. Whats the point in making reservations if I have to wait for 20 minutes to get a table!The food was moderate to good, although I think the restaurant is pricey for the food it serves. Do not intend to visit the place again.
I had Diah the next day...But it was so damn goooooood, kinda worth it.
So having recently returned from India and loving the chaats I was super excited to get the batata sev puri here. I was very disappointed. They tasted stale and were not very generous with the yogurt sauce. I would rate the chaats a 2.5. I gave it 3 stars for ambiance and service being taken into account. Those were good. We didn't try any entrees since we were only having snacks. Good prices. Loud music.
Thanks to yelp, I ended up here with my parents when our Spanish tapas plan came to a bust due to a 45 min wait. We got the shrimp curry, saag with veggies instead of cheese, and chicken tikka masala. We also splurged and ordered the corn something and some naan and enjoyed everything.The food was clean-tasting and did not give me the runs (always a plus), unlike every single other Indian food place I have tried in NYC. I'm so grateful to all the reviewers who allowed me to find this awesome place so close to my apartment.
Well, it's mediocre at best. I expect more from a $30 meal. The korma was delicious, and so were the mango lassis. But the saag paneer was horrendous. How do you mess up saag paneer? Also, charging 3 dollars for a small portion of rice when the entrees are already 15 dollars is a bit ridiculous. Super packed too, but the service was nice.
I ve been to DHABA a couple of times and both times the food has been great. the last time we were there was darker than usual but the waiter gave us his phone with a flash light so we can read the menu, I thought that was a nice gesture....as always the food was great although we asked for the sweet lemonade and boy was that sweet we kept adding water to it.....overall the experience was great
Came here on the rec of some friends for dinner.  We were looking to indian street food classics (pani puri, chaat, etc) given the name of the place.  Unfortunately, the food itself was quite average.  We ordered a variety of mostly apps to share and found that the flavor was not very authentic and fairly off on more things.  The pani puri was too sour, the chaat too watery, etc.We did try a couple entrees and some naan which were average.I was shocked that given the quality of the food, the place was packed (we got the last table).  As a result, service was quite disorganized as well.Still searching for the best chaat, etc in the NY area, but there are definitely better places.
Told they couldn't seat me (as in ever) for a table for one.  Very strange.  My husband and I dine here often and we will never return.I'm on an expense account and planned on ordering quite a bit of food.  Seems unreasonable I couldn't be seated at a two seater.  Tamarind here I come!
Eyes straining, menu pressed against my nose, I perused the list of food items in the dark of Dhaba.  We were seated in the middle of the dining area, one table away from the direct blast of March's windy chill whenever the door opened.  1.  Food: Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Korma, Eggplants + Cauliflowers.  Not as oily or heavy as I usually find them.  Chicken TIkka was a bit on the tough side.  Lamb Korma delicious.  Chili onion naan piping warm, but the onion and herbs kept on sliding off the naan.  Entrees around the $13 - $17 range.2.  Service: A really apathetic and indifferent hostess, briskly efficient busboys, and a friendly waiter with a wry sense of humor.  Seated without the entire party.3.  Atmosphere: Beyond dim.  Just enough light to make out body shapes and vague facial features.  Really loud conversations punctuated by interesting strains of music.  I think I heard Snoop Dogg rapping to Indian music.  Pretty crowded on a Thurs night.  Sit against the walls, and away from the middle dining row / windows for warmth and hot food.
I went for the lunch buffet on a Sunday. Great selection of curries and other dishes for just 12$! Great place to explore for a curious eater looking to gain some preference in indian cuisine. Service was kind and helpful. I look forward to returning with friends in the near future!
Always very popular, and stuffed with people, which gives a really nice atmosphere. The place is perfect, whether you come in a small group or just two people. The place is lively and fun to be at. The food is good although the main courses are a little oily/greasy(just a little), which is the case for most Indian places - Dhaba is definitely above average in quality.What deserves special attention are their starters. We, my girlfriend and I, have tried a few different things, and especially the "Papri Chaat" is something you should try if you haven't yet: It might seem a bit weird the first time you try this combination of cold diced potatoes and chickpea crackers, dressed with onion, yoghurt and tamarind sauce and spices, but it has become my favourite at Dhaba and in general. Also, their "Chaana Battura"(chickpea stew served, Batturas, the thick puffy kind of deepfried bread, which looks beautiful) is a pretty good deal - very delicious. Again, here, I think they could use less oil, butter or ghee, without compromising taste.
I've been to Dhaba previously for dine in service and this time decided to order delivery (I live 2 avenues and 8 street blocks away). I've never had such a terrible experience with ANY restaurant. Ordered food at 7:50 via their website. It wasn't even a large order; the order was for three appetizers totaling $21. Called them at 8:45 to try to find out where my food is and I can't even get through on their phone. After 10 minutes I call again and someone actually picks up (a guy). Completely rude and tells me the food has already gone out. I wait. Call them back another half hour later and the food is still not here. At this point I call again, and no one picks up the phone it just rings and rings. Finally after 5 minutes of calling someone picks up (this time a woman) and actually apologizes for the food being late saying that they are extremely backed up (if the guy had just said this the first time around. I would've understood and just canceled my order). As I'm writing this review, 2 hours after I've placed my order, the delivery guy shows up at my door after I've already heated up some other food. Such a shitty experience. We ordered Chaats (which are supposed to be slightly crunchy) and when we opened up the food it was like eating soggy cereal. NEVER AGAIN. There are so many other restaurants around here (Bhatti Grill, Chote Nawab, Copper Chimney), don't give Dhaba your patronage. I know I won't.Update: One of the managers from Dhaba contacted me and really apologized for the poor service. Offered us a lunch on the house (i think), which was nice of him. Still not going to remove the review, but I may give them another shot.
We ordered off the menu and passed on the buffet ( we likeOur food spicy and buffets have it mild) Except for the weird glasses for water, everything here is delicious. It's authentic north Indian and the breads are fresh and nice. They can add better service (ESP the manager) but the other wait staff is great. We ordered everything vegetarian and it was awesome.
Great Indian buffet. It doesn't get old because the food has so many flavors and its all you can eat! It is also always packed. The service is good too, the waiters come by and offer chicken and keep pouring water. I haven't felt rushed here even though there is always people waiting to get in. It's a wonderful gift to Manhattan from the Hindi Gods.
My new go-to spot for Indian food. The best spot in all of "Curry Hill." I was with a large group of inexperienced Indian eaters and the waitstaff was excellent at providing suggestions for the newbies. I have since sent Indian friends here and heard nothing but positive reviews! Modern decor, good food, strong drinks, and excellent service.
The food was decent enough. I had the goat curry and it was pretty good curry. It was pricey though at $18, but was decently sized. The price really adds up with rice and naan though. I've heard that they have a lunch buffet for cheaper, and if that is the case, that would be a great deal for this quality. Biggest complaint is that the restaurant was dark. The lights were barely on, and my friend and I felt like we were in a nightclub. It was kind of hard to even see my food. The street was even brighter than the restaurant!
Dhaba is a great find if you prefer your Indian food gentle rather than fiery.I love heat. But this particular rainy cold day in NYC I was in the mood for comfort and deep flavor. I was on my way to the Indian section of the city to find some Indian copper cooking dishes which are so attractive that you can also use them to serve in. Someone recommended I go to Dhaba while I was in the area for their buffet lunch.For $10 it is a tremendous value. There is a small selection of perhaps 8 dishes with two rice dishes, a dessert, a Chicken Tikka Masala and a Lamb dish. There is a good selection of condiments with really high quality mango chutney, lime/lemon pickle etc. and a basket of warm Nan for your table.  I loved the Chicken Tikka Masala. It was creamy and full flavored and the chicken was tender and juicy. I am not a fan of lamb but I did try it and for lamb lovers this was reminiscent of a good lamb stew. The Sag Paneer was exceptional with big soft pieces of cheese in it. The Daal was as Daal usually is, a lentil dish meant to soothe. I plan to go back to Dhaba to give it my due attention and order away from the buffet because the rest of the menu looks interesting. For now I can totally recommend Dhaba for their lunch buffet at a great price with good service and a nice vibe.
This place is tricky to review.  If it were based on food alone, it would have scored 5 stars easily!  However, the service I received on my visit here was less than exceptional.  My group had an early reservation and the restaurant had not started to fill with Friday night patrons, yet our server seemed to be scatter-brained and forgetful of our table.  Aside from this hiccup, the food was fantastic.  Try the lamb saag and garlic naan!  Fantastic!
I used to come to Dhaba a lot when I lived in Murray Hill. I hadn't been in a while and went for dinner a few Saturday nights ago for a party of 3. The space had always been a bit tight - they pack a lot of tables into the space - but now it seems to have gotten worse. It's so packed you can't really move to go to the restroom without bumping into someone. The food is still solid and service is decent. Ambiance is nicer than most Indian places in the area, although the lighting is so dim I had trouble reading the menu (bring your iPhone flash app with you). I'm still a fan but not as much as I used to be.3.5 stars.
ABSOLUTELY great foodI had my typical dish chicken tika , almost fell out my chair!Small seating area which is expected in the city but worth trying out again...Price was decentNo real complaints except for someone not holding their alchol and letting loose in the bathroom!
The lunch buffet here may or may not be a good idea depending on how much of a glutton you are, but regardless of self control and one's waistline, it's a fantastic lunchtime option for the area. The only reason I have to take off a star is because I am pretty sure my former neighbors in Jackson Heights would never let me return if I gave it the full five stars.Excellent variety, fresh and tasty, just beware the lunchtime rush or you may end up waiting forever! I believe they also do take out, but why limit yourself like that? I certainly try not to!
There's a reason this place has a solid 4 stars. It's cause the food is excellent! Really really good indian food. Might actually be my favorite in NYC.I've probably eaten everything on the veggie menu at this place and it's all good. Friends of mine have eaten the chicken and lamb dishes and they also have LOVED what they ate. It's an awesome trendy atmosphere that gets really busy on Fri and Sat so either make reservations or plan on waiting like 30 mins if you get there 8-9ish. Do note though that it is not your cheap Indian food. Dinner there will probs run you about $30, which is by no means expensive, but definitely not as cheap as some of the Indian food joints in the area.
The Chicken Tikka Masala and Vegetable Korma were good, not amazing. I really liked the Mango Lassi cocktail they had, the drink menu had a great selection.The atmosphere and decor were nice. Overall if you are looking for a nicer Indian restaurant with good drinks this is the place to go.
Huge fan of Indian food, and there is some amazing Indian food over in California, where I'm from. But Dhaba.................... man. Consistently amazing food and more amazing service. My go-to favorite place for a good ass dinner. The place is hella loud and looks kind of hip/clubbish at night, but I'd still take my grouchy azz granny here because dude seriously the food is legitimately amazing.I LOVE:-the complimentary papad crackers w/ the 3 different types of dip  -the garlic naan-the malai kofte (vegetarian dumpling/meatball-like dish)-the chicken dahiwala (chicken in a white yogurt sauce spiced w/ coriander and bay leaves)...chole punjabi (chick pea dish), kadai bindhi (okra dish), ............. oh shint. I need to get back here, stat. Seriously just close your eyes and pick something, anything on the menu. Ask your waiter what he recommends. Don't be afraid to try new things here, cus chances are it's going to freaking blow your mind.Waiters are extremely attentive and nice. Water glasses are always being refilled, and my favorite waiter always slips me a mango lassi (so thick and to die for) on the house.........I love Dhaba.
My fav indian place so far..chicken lollipops were really good. The chicken tikki masala wasn't out of the world but great portion, the rice wasn't too dry, and very good staple. The nan was a huge piece and we only needed 2 pieces among the 3 of us. The decor was nice and they were able to fit in a ton of people without overlapping them or making them sit too close together. The service was fine since they gave you chips with 3 dips before hand so you wouldn't just be bored out of your mind while you food cooked and you were sitting half in the dark. We had another dish that was spicy...crap forgot which one. The prices weren't too bad..a bit over what I expected but meh...nothing to complain about in terms of food and service.
Exellent service and food, I liked the quiet atmosphere and the attentive service. I guess like lots of places in NYC this was a pretty small restaurant. I ordered my usual which I order at all Indian restaurants which is the Chicken Tikka and it was excellent.
Great spot in Curry Hill. I agree some other Yelpers that the Chicken Tikka Masala wasn't mind blowing. I did enjoy the Tandoori though. Prices seemed reasonable, portions were solid and the service was on point. Worth checking out.
Curries are delicious and spicy! I have been to many Indian restaurants in NYC, and HIGHLY recommend this one :)
Went here today for the $9.95 buffet.  Admittedly a couple bucks more than most of the all-you-can-eat buffets on the block, but the flavor was magnificent.  Really tasty, and top-rate naan.  Plus more choices, from egg curry, to okra, to the usual daal mahkni and saag paneer.They also had gulab jamon for desert, those fried balls in honey sauce.  They were rolling me out of there at the end!
I love it when a restaurant really cares. And it's usually best expressed in little gestures.Dhaba doesn't have to deliver a free appetizer to your table. It is a lunch buffet, after all. The standard operating procedure is to load up your plate, early and often. And leave feeling mildly disgusted with yourself, but happy and sated. Both times I went, I got something new and unique delivered before I sidled up to the feeding trough. I thought that was really nice.I'm not the most disinterested judge when it comes to Indian food. Sure, I've been to some really great restaurants in New York and Mountain View, but I tend to like most Indian food that's put in front of me, and I've rarely met a buffet that I didn't like, at least a little. But Dhaba has a really good buffet. With tender lamb. And waiters who circulate with sizzling platters of tandoori chicken, fresh from the oven. Another nice touch that just shows that they care.
+2 Food+1 Atmosphere I went here on a date, and the food was awesome! I would've gave this place 4 stars, but their menus were dirty. The atmosphere was pleasant, the restaurant a little tight for seating - but nothing outrageous. It makes you want to lean into the person you're with to hear them better.The goat saag was a little spicy although we didn't think it was going to be.
This place was SUPER load and a bit over-pricey
One of the best Indian Restaurants I have been to! Ordered the Chicken Tikki Masala & Garlic Naan! Perfection.
I just came back from India, and I was craving some real Indian food in the area. This restaurant is awesome!!! I went for lunch on Saturday. It has a buffet for around $10 per person and is TOTALLY worth it. I highly recommend it.
Went here on the suggestion from the hotel staff ... This place didn't disappoint.. Had the tikka chicken masala a goat dish and garlic naan... It was all amazing not to mention the very attentive wait staff.. I highly recommend this place and give it 4 stars at least
My boyfriend and I came here last week for dinner because we were craving Indian food. We stumbled upon this restaurant and were expecting good food.The tables are really close together like other reviews say. I had to squeeze myself uncomfortably into my seat in between two tables (and I'm a small girl)! They gave us water promptly, and gave us some type of chips and sauces. The chips were extremely salty, and I didn't like them at all.I ordered the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan, and I was not very fond of it. My boyfriend ordered some type of curry dish and said it was delicious, but I didn't try it.The servers didn't seem that friendly, and a bunch of different serves came up to us.We will not be coming back here. :/
So delicious,  loved everything!  Very loud though. Yelling the whole time to talk across the table
This review is really a 3.5 stars as 3 makes it a little under rated and 4 will b e over-compensating. Being an Indian myself, I am very picky about where I get my Indian food from. I have been to Dhaba a few times. Pros -- The food is good and tasteful. - The lunch buffet on the weekends is delicious and reasonable.- The decor is pleasing- The goat biryani is delicious Cons -- There were no appetizers during the lunch buffet. The kebabs were served separately and were cold as if they were made a few hours ago and were not heated up.- Given the space constraints, the seating is very tight and I almost knocked off the neighbors glass of water while getting out of my seat.I recommend this place.
This is the best Indian I've had in NY.  The chicken tikka masala is some of the best I've had anywhere - perfect balance of tomato-y and sweet, with nice white meat chicken.   We also had the Novratan Korma (paneer with veggies) and it was really good too.   Prices are pretty reasonable for New York.  In particular, sides like rice and naan are a reasonable $3 instead of $5 or $6.  Service was very friendly and attentive.  We will definitely return.
Went here with a friend from India and we loved the food! I had a chicken mirch dish and she had a vegetarian dish.  She needed to have them add extra curry because it was dryer than she is used to but otherwise very tasty.  Recommend garlic naan and the onion fritters!
Came here for dinner after shopping across the street at Kalustyan's. This is a nice little place with a somewhat run-down atmosphere (rips in bench seat, etc.) Food is good though. We started with the samosas and cheesy naan. The naan was definitely an interesting variation on the tradition, and the samosas were tasty and filling. Our main course was the chicken tikka, and was very flavorful, and rounded out the meal nicely. A solid meal.
Good Food. It was a rainy day in NYC and we really felt like having our Indian food. This was the place. It had good varieties of appetizers and fresh too. Would like to visit again.
So if I could give negative stars I would.... In any restaurant you should never wait over 15 minutes and then ask to get served .... And then never get served. Wow what a POS typical pathetic Indian restaurant.
Best indian buffet in nyc u get 3 tandoori chicken wings with Naan bread and of course all you can eat! Highly recommended
Me and my husband visited this place for buffet when we visited New York. They have nice ambience in small space. The vegetarian options were limited and I found nothing special. But my husband just loved the butter chicken masala, he said he did not eat dish like that in the US. I also liked the hot pakoras they served with the chutney, naans were awesome and served hot too.
I don't think people looking for hardcore throwbacks to Delhi would be satisfied with the food here, but for everyone else it should be fine. It's a VERY clean place, albeit cramped. Plus you can get reserve in advance right here on yelp (how convenient!)Tried out the buffet. It could use a little more variety to be honest. Not that the choices available were bad, but aside from your usual biryanis and chicken tikka masala/tandoori chicken, not much was memorable. Again its not a bad deal (10 something for whatever you want).Also fresh tandoori and nan being circulated was pretty cool. What wasn't was them asking if we were done with our plates constantly. Some pretty awkward moments. Water refills took slightly longer than anticipated, but I guess they're just busy a lot. Worth a shot if you're in the neighborhood.
I can't wait to go back.. Everything we ordered was delicious and comforting and service was friendly warm and kind.
Went here this Saturday Evening with my friend.. and this place was packed to the brim.. I was told we would have to wait for almost half an hr but luckily the Occupants of one table left in a few mins so so we got a table really fast.. .. We bought paneer pakora, chicken kabab.. then we had pulao with paneer cheese in it ( It was Awesome ) my friend had Shrimp curry and I had Tikka Masala since i cant eat seafood. All in all it was very good .. the food was very good .. even though me being an Indian could have used a bit more spice.. and to top it off we had a Mango Lassi (Awesome .. Must Try) so a good experience and will repeat again
We had a fantastic dinner for four here late one Tuesday night.  The food was phenomenal, the prices a little high, and the service decent.  Starving, we stumbled in around 10 oclock, to a full restaurant and had to wait about 15 minutes for a table to open up.  2 of us were vegetarians and 2 of us were carnivores, so there was a 2 way sharing system implemented for this visit.  The 2 veg eaters went with saag paneer and something else delicious whose name escapes me.  The other 2 of us opted for the standard chicken tikka masala and the shrimp malai curry.  Wow, our food was so delicious.  Luckily for me, we had leftovers, and I enjoyed chicken and shrimp for lunch a couple days later.  My favorite part of the meal was probably the beginning with the complimentary starters.  Now bear with me since I have no idea what they're called, but they were a combination of crispy papadam-like bread and 3 dipping sauces.  So divine.  I definitely want to come back for the lunch buffet and if the prices weren't on the high side I'd eat dinner here all the time.
Overall - excellent food, very good service. Visited Dhaba on a Wednesday evening and was seated promptly (around 8pm). The service staff is extremely efficient. Drinks were served quickly, water refilled promptly, and the food came (after ordering) within 15 minutes. LOVED the vegeterian okra dish (and I usually don't like okra!) and the garlic naan did not disappoint (thanks to other Yelpers who recommended).The only thing that bothered me (and just a little) was the elevated-sound of clubby music in the restaurant. But, if you intend to go out and enjoy good food and light discussion, this is definitely worth trying.
Dhaba is probably the best Indian food I have had in the United States. I have eaten at my fair share of places across the country, and this place puts them all to shame. I came up to NYC this weekend to visit a friend and we came here immediately. We got the hot onion naan, a side of yogurt sauce, the eggplant dish (sorry I forgot the name) , the lamb madras curry, and of course some rice. I don't think the food made it to the table before we started stuffing our faces. The lamb was perfectly cooked, the dishes were spiced to perfection, and the ambiance added for a nice setting. After the blur of stuffing our faces, I had some hot masala chai tea to relax and let the food actually descend into my stomach. Needless to say I really enjoyed this place and anytime I come back to NYC this place is a must eat. Cheers
I have been here many times. It never disappoints. Lunch buffet is cheap and food is great. I like its tandoori chicken. Staff is alright.
Terrible customer service Placed a delivery order and was told 30 min or lessAn hour and a half later, no food. 3x the estimate I called and an incredibly rude woman answered, I explained the situation and she said impossible and began to yell at me explaining they have to cook the food.  I asked to speak to the manager and was hung on. Called back spoke to the manager and he said the food will be there soon, The food was on its way.  i expressed my gross frustration and he said he would send an extra meal with the delivery guy for free, I asked how the delivery guy already left you said....the managers speech began to fumble over his own dishonesty You fucked up! A 30 min delivery should take 30 min, maybe 35 anything more and you should be embarrassed and begin offering something to compensate your customer.Never again....Terrible customer service and gross incompetence loss you a great account...I used to order all the time....Thankfully one search for Indian restaurant on yelp and I found over 100 restaurant who maybe want my money, and a successful business.
I did not expect such tasty food. I tried the chats too n trust me it just like the ones I had back home in india. lovely food for sure.
Came here for dinner on a Wednesday night. I would give this place a 4/5 star rating, except the customer service is bad. Not only did we feel neglected throughout our entire meal (no water refill), but to make matters worse, our server accidentally put our food on the table next to us, walked away, realized his mistake about a minute later and moved the food from their table to ours...awkward.HOWEVER, I have to give them credit for their malai kofta. The chaat was bad-I would not recommend ordering that or pav bhaji.
The buffet was limited compared to many other buffets in the area, but each of the items was delicious and the naan was some of the best I have had in the US. The real star of the meal was the mango lassi.
I m from Punjab ..came to Dhaba thinking it will have cots like on the streets in India ..but was surprised to see a modern presentation of Dhaba with open bulbs and vibrant colors of Punjab ..started with fish amritsari and papri chat .. Superb... Chicken butter was outstanding and they serve with onions, chilies and radish . Rice is extra but the waiter explained how it has gone high in price .my Punjab is here .keep up and please don't change anything .
This is a great place with awesome food...we had ordered chicken tikka masala, chicken malai kabab, palak paneer and every single dish was delicious. Would love to go back and try more dishes :)
My cousin and I ended up coming to Dhaba for dinner tonight. We got to the restaurant around 9 pm, and we were seated right away. There were plenty of open tables available. Considering it was a Tuesday night, it makes sense. We ordered the butter chicken, the garlic naan, and the vegetable basmati rice to share. We came close to ordering the regular naan as well, but the waiter recommended that we wait to see if we were still hungry in case we ordered too much food. It was a good call on his part because we definitely would not have been able to finish a second order of naan. Our food arrived quickly. They brought us out an onion and vegetable salad and a few other sauces to go with the meal. Everything was delicious! You could taste the quality in the sauce. I've made butter chicken before, but the sauce here is definitely not something I could replicate at home. It was just that good. Glad I finally made it to eat in the "Curry Hill" area. I'll definitely be back to see how the other places in the area compare to Dhaba!
Dhaba translates to a small little restaurant, typically open 24 hrs/day and open for truckers. Yes, Dhaba means indian Taco Bell/McDonalds. However, this restaurant is far from a truck stop restaurant. Dhaba is a indian restaurant trying to modernize. Never have I seen shrimp on an Indian menu! They have both North Indian and South Indian on the menu - we didn't try any south indian.We had a few different dishes - Matar Paneer, Palak Paneer, a chicken and shrimp dish (yes, I am completed Anne Marie B.'s review here). The complimentary starters are called papad, which are crispy thin tortilla. The various chutneys were decent, and the cucumber, tomato, and onion was very tasty. I forget the ways they did this, but it was definitely 'new age' - they had some random twist to them all. The cream in each of the mains were a bit more sour than I am used to but not bad in any way. I also would have liked everything to be a bit more spicy. The carnivores in our group really enjoyed the shrimp. Overall, it was not spectacular. My main issue with Dhaba was the garlic Naan. It was not crispy and low on cilantro. Maybe I am spoiled but you cannot enjoy a good veggie-burger without good fries. I wanted to give them 3.5, but the service was good enough to round up.With the prices, I am not sure I will return. It was good, not perfect. Next time, I will try the buffet as it seems to be the biggest hit.
Short and sweet...Great food (if you're on Foursquare, check-in and get EXACTLY what TimeOut NY tells you to). No one can go wrong w/ chicken tikka masala and the lamb is juicy and succulent.Horrible service - even with a reservation, we had to wait 30 minutes, being given a finger in the air estimate that was never followed up with. If you get some hostess who doesn't know what she's doing, trust me, she really doesn't. She even messed up my credit card amount when we asked to split it a certain way.1 less star for the service. 4 stars for the food!
We had a wonderful dinner here.  We were in the mood for Indian, and found this place on Yelp!  It was a delightful find.  We were seated immediately in a comfy booth.  The lighting is attractive, albeit a little dim for reading the menu and the decor is modern/youthful Indian.  The host and our waiter were both charming and joked around with us.  We were only 3 people and the waiter helpfully offered to let us order 1 and 1/2 orders of samosas.  They were light and perfect start to this great meal.   We picked this place over others nearby because we wanted meat (most around here are limited to veg) and we ordered chicken tikka, chicken tikka masala and dal makhni.  All were fantastic.  The tikka masala was especially great - sweet and savory, not overly hot and spicy.  The dal was spicy and buttery.  We tried 2 kinds of naan, both plain and onion and both were fluffy and tender.  Probably the best Indian meal any of us could remember.  Great service, cute place, and reasonable prices.
Though the atmosphere and exterior of Dhaba seems that they are trying a bit too hard to be "hip" (and thus made me skeptical), the food does not disappoint. The spiciness was on-point for most of our dishes (and if you want it spicier/less spicy you can just ask...I hate it when Indian restaurants make their dishes bland here). It's hard to decide on a vegetarian Indian restaurant when you're on Lexington, but Dhaba really did stand out. Besides being vegetarian they have so many vegan options it's difficult to choose. They offer plenty of Indian street snacks, too!The menu is gigantic and divided into categories (meats, vegetarian, vegan, grill, street food biryanis...and more). I tried the Bhuni Gobi Mattar (cauliflower, peas, fenugreek, ginger and coriander), as well as the Sabji Saag Malai (spinach, potatoes, eggplant, and cauliflower). Both were equally delicious and very generously portioned. Everything seemed very fresh and well-crafted. The rice had plenty of fresh green peas too (not frozen like a lot of places). I'd love to come back and try the pumpkin sabji!Only minus a star because the wait staff was just so-so. They were a little too eager to pull our plates out from under us as soon as we were done with a dish.
3.5 starsWent for dinner on a weekday night. Food was good, service was good but not that friendly...Busy placeFood:chaat- very goodMulligatany soup- very goodChicken tikka masala- O.K.Goolab Jamin for dessert- Ok, Ive had better.... Overall a good place but not extremely memorable...
This is the best Indian I've ever had. I used to live down the street, so when it opened three/four years ago, we were one of the first to discover it. Clearly, word has gotten out, and word is it's still darn good. We took some Indian friends here, and even they love it and come on their own now.So while in NY last weekend I ordered in from Dhaba for a girl's night. And I can confirm, it's still good. And their delivery was fast and kind - even when I gave the guy the wrong address and insisted he was on the wrong street when he called...oops...but he was still super nice and appreciated the very large, apologitic tip :)Anyway, the spiced cashew appetizer was awesome and HUGE. I served them again the following day when we had people over and they loved them too! I had something a little different called Chicken Bhartha, in which the chicken was minced and served with smoked eggplant, also minced and other spices. It was seriously good, and had a bit of a kick. One thing in general i love about this place, they kick it up a notch. Nothing lacks some serious spice. I also LOVE the decor, so bright and thought provoking when it comes to design.And most importantly, the place is cheap. Go if you haven't been already.
We have finally, finally found an Indian spot that we like.    First, unlike, say, Curry in a Hurry which feels like eating in a hospital cafeteria, Dhaba has a sleek, festive ambience (sort of like Tiffin Wallah): wacky light fixtures, low lights, comfortable funky grey chairs.  So it doesn't feel like you're stopping at a sleazy joint to fill up on cheap eats. It really feels like a night out.We ordered the rajma masala ($11), chicken saag ($14), aloo pea paratha ($5), and bhel pori ($5).  My husband was particularly excited by the bhel pori (though note, it doesn't come with potatoes, which I thought was standard), and I was particularly taken by the rajma which was flavorful and rich without that over-spiced, over-creamy taste that pervades so many Indian restaurants.And while it's true that you have to pay for rice ($2...), it's also true that raita comes free with your meal. Which is good, because the food at Dhaba is certainly spicier than, say, Tiffin Wallah, and the raita does a nice job balancing out the spice-factor.
Our favorite Indian restaurant in New York. Excellent north Indian cuisine, varied menu choices, friendly staff, highly recommended !
enjoyed the meal. first time there.  good service. waiter was very helpful with explaining food.  the rest of bus staff attended to our needs, but didn't annoy us with too many questions.  in other words, they were there when we needed them but not when we didn't. feed really was great.  appetizer onion fritta, great stuff.
I've always thought I hated Indian food until Dhab. Note: I don't know anything about this cuisine, so this is just the opinion of a very Indian-ignorant person. I went three times, and now I'm hooked!   haven't not liked anything yet. It's all good. The only thing is: "not that spicy" for me is very different than "not that spicy" for them.
Great indian food.  One of my friend recommended it and it was a great choice.  The management is very friendly.
This place is the King, errrr I mean Raja, of the Curry Hill lunch buffet.  It's a very nice space, whereas much of the area competition is somewhat "divey", and it's nearly always busy during the peak lunch hours (a telling sign).  I like how the options are varied, so it's not always the same, and the food is truly outstanding.  I've been here 3 times, and never have I had a poor experience.   When you come to Dhaba for lunch, you'll find chicken dishes, lamb dishes, vege choices, paneer options, and a dessert.  A full-range spectrum of choice.  One thing I find strange is that while tandoori chicken is never on the buffet, the servers come to your table offering you a piece from a platter.  My  hypothesis is that they probably cook it in a clay tandoor and have to be stingy due to the fact they can probably only make so much at one time.  That's my theory anyway (my other theory is that this place gives you 84 pounds of naan in the hopes that you fill up on it).Lastly, Dhaba is the place where I was introduced to Halwa, a dessert so fantastically simple and delicious, that I greedily went back for seconds.  I think I must have ate about a pound of it that day.  I loved it so much, that a few days later I went to an Indian grocer in the area to see if I could find it.  Sure enough, I found jars of it and happily took the largest one I could find up to the counter.  On the trip up to the counter I noticed from the nutritional label that ONE TABLESPOON of Halwa contains 100 CALORIES.  Do you detest the sight of a grown man crying?  If so, then be thankful you weren't in Kalustyans that day.  Back on the shelf the Halwa went. :(
What a huge disappointment! I used to come here all the time several years ago with an Indian friend who also loved it. The service has gone totally downhill. We had to ask repeatedly for everything. Waited 25 minutes to get my lamb dish which was not supposed to be spicy but was really hot. I specifically confirmed with the waiter about it not being spicy hot. I am accustomed to eating Indian food so it's not like I wanted it totally bland. When I asked about why it was taking so long the waiter said it's because they make everything fresh. When I complained about it being too spicy ie hot he said he would make another one which came out in five minutes. When I asked him why it only took five minutes this time he contradicted himself and said oh now the  kitchen wasn't busy. Really? I thought it takes 25 minutes because everything is made fresh?. It was obvious they just mixed Dahl into it to dilute it. It was also way too salty. I ate it because I was starving by this point. He gave me A small dessert which I hope wasn't a whole order. I really just wanted my food in a timely manner and the way it used to be. I also found that for $17.95 for a lamb dish they could at least give you some rice or naan and not charge you extra. I will have to look for a new place. Again, disappointing!
Lunch buffet on Sunday was absolutely killer. I had been looking forward to going to an Indian buffet for lunch and this certainly did not disappoint. Although it was a bit cramped and very crowded we were able to get a table for 2 immediately. The staff was very helpful and explained what was in certain things when I asked, and they were always coming around to refill water and pass out tandoori chicken (which was perfectly spicy and tender. The spice level of the food was moderate, not overwhelming but definitely enough to bring out strong flavors. They even brought out a basket of naan (which was pretty good, but a little on the chewy side). The best things I had at the buffet were the tandoori chicken, some chili-kind of stuff that came out on a plate of bread, chicken tikka, and the chickpea stuff was surprisly tasty. No clue what any of it was called, but it was all very good. Needless to say, I got 2 plates and I will most certainly be coming back again sometime soon!
Some of the best Indian I've had. Their Tikka Masala is bangin'. Everything I've ever had here has been great. And my friends who have been there with me agree. Service is good, mood is nice, all that good stuff. But that's all secondary for me.I don't care if the menus have shmutz on them or if the server didn't smile and wink at me. I'm here for the freakin' food. And it's awesome.Bottom line, if you want good food this is the spot. When I was working in an office off Madison Square Park, a coworker and I would order delivery from them once a week. And the rest of the afternoon would be shot due to amazing curry-induced comas.Oh man, I'm drooling all over my keyboard just thinking about it right meow.
Fantastic!Even though we showed up right before closing they still gave us 100%.Every dish was really tasty and probably my favorite Lamb Vindaloo in the City.I would definitely go back!!
Was very excited to try this place and ordered through seamless. Couldn't be more disappointed. Very under spiced and oily. Had higher expectations for Murray hill indian food.
Consistently one of the best Indian places in town. The proteins are all good and their vegetable dishes are superb. Very good Mulligatawny soup, great gobi manchurian. Highly recommend giving it a try.The atmosphere is clean and modern, unlike some of the stuffier/older places around the area. The place is a bit tight as far as seating and it can get noisy, but nothing that a regular NY'er wouldn't be used to. They are also a little lenient with their reservations -- even with a reservation, you might have to wait. Those small things aside, if you're looking for fresh, fast, very tasty Indian -- look no further!
Bomb Diggity.  The food here is off the hook and the best I have had in a city filled with good South Asian food.  Here is the thing that makes this place great for me, well executed meat cooking.Often times I order an Indian dish and the the curry flavors are excellent but the meat that it contains is dry and overcooked.  This could be with anything from Fish to Mutton and everything in between.  I would figure this would be the case at most Indian restaurants since most of the cooks are veggies and dont appreciate a succulent peice of meat.  Well this place has the Flavors and has great pieces of meat as well.Not a good place for a lot of people though.  Largest goup I can see comfortably being seated is 6.
The food was pretty good. We tried the buffet. But the service was poor. Every 5 minutes, the waiters wanted to pick our plates and take it away. They were in so much hurry that it took the good experience of the food away!
I can only speak to their Lunch Buffet - I loved it!  Great variety, good value, and would definitely come back.  I was so full, I didn't even eat dinner (and that almost *never* happens to me)I also came straight from working out and was a bit worried if I'd feel out of place in my workout attire - but it truly is casual (but not divey) and I felt totally comfortable. Didn't feel underdressed for a Saturday afternoon for lunch.  Having said that, you would also fit in perfectly in business casual to professional attire.  Only bring it up in case people are worried about ambience.
Make sure to get a reservation! This place's food is excellent! I love the decor and the feel.  The one star down is that it's always crowded and there's always people crowding the front, bringing in a draft, and making it overall uncomfortable if you're sitting near the door.
I am not really an expert for Indian food but this was really delicious and atmosphere was great. Place was crowded so we knew that it must be good but it was excellent!! Highly recommend. Try goat curry and mango lassy after everything :-)
Wonderful food! Being an Indian ,I know when ethnic food is real, or faked--Dhaba is as authentic as it gets! Flavorful and rich in taste, I was very satisfied with my selection for our office dinner. I will definitely return!
Absolutely the best Indian lunch buffet in New York, hands down.  And I've been coming here since it opened, and the quality has stayed extremely high throughout. Highly recommended.
I mean, if you're craving Indian food during lunchtime, Dhaba is a good choice. There's a lunch buffet for $13 with a selection of different rices and stews which is good, but not exactly my very first choice.
You know this place is good when during dinner service, the place is packed with Indian people.I walked in with a group of friends after realizing our usual spot was closed down, down the street. We gave it a shot and although this spot was definitely a bit pricier, the quality was magnificent and the portions were great. Not to mention, our waiter was extremely helpful and funny.Great food, great experience, and a happy customer.
This is the only Indian restaurant I've ever been to where I found the food a bit bland, not complex, and not spicy enough - even when I asked for "indian spicy".I wish I had more praise and less criticism, but unfortunately I didn't really enjoy the meals I've had here. It's too bad because I LOVE Indian food, especially the food my friends' mothers make.I've tried:Baigan da bharta (pureed eggplant)Jeera Aloo  (potatoes with cumin)Amritsari Aloo Mattar (curried potato with peas)Kadai Bindi (sauteed okra with onions)Makki da rotiMissi rotiGarlic naanMango LassiChicken lollipopsLamb with madras curryand NOTHING impressed me. Besides the service.
Really enjoyed this place. One of the first Indian spots I have been to with a good legit cocktails menu. Menu is huge, ton of variety.
Fresh, well-seasoned flavor-filled Indian food. It just doesn't get any better for the price in NYC. We went there after a movie at the nearby cinema, and got seated right-away. The menu has a good selection for the vegetarian and meat-eaters both.Highly recommended
If Dino from the Flinstones were around and looking for Indian in the Flatiron district, he might remark with 'Dhaba Dhaba Don't,' and after the way my friends and I were treated on a recent trip to Dhaba, I would have to agree.Our story of woe:We had made a noon reservation for 10 for my friends birthday. When we showed up and told the waitress the name, she showed us to a table of six. After pointing out the reservation was definitely made for ten and there was now ten of us in front of her, she looked at us quizzically and without checking the screen again said "No, the reservation was made for six." When the gentlemen sitting next to the table of six offered to move so we could all fit, and there was in fact an adjacent table that could fit them, the waitress said No. I repeat, the waitress said No to the gentlemen who would move so our group could fit and everybody could be happy enjoying their food and paying good money to do so. Maybe we weren't dressed appropriately enough in our business casual attire. Maybe the waitress pegged us, working professionals, as the types to dine and dash. Maybe she didn't understand the concept of business. Whatever it was, it led to a confusing situation and a bad taste from Dhaba without ever having tried their food. All in all, Dhaba Dhaba Don't indeed.
Went for dinner last night, came late after 10pm and the place was crowded and loud playing trendy Bollywood music. Food was great but portions are smaller and don't come with rice which you have to order separately. We had tikka masala and paneer and and both tasted great. Naan was just ok. I think I would try again.
The only Indian restaurant in curry hill I take people important to me, who know quality Indian food and have high standards for it, for sit-down dinner.
We had the lunch  buffet ($10). Neither better nor worse than what you would get in most Indian places. Perhaps we should have gone for the menu.Not much space between tables, so you can enjoy your neighbors' conversation if yours gets boring.
Though I work merely minutes away from tons of other Indian spots, I come here on a weekly basis with my Indian-food-craving best friend. One week we came twice. That's commitment.Every time I come here I am STARVING and am certain I will get two plates of food. Because that's completely appropriate. Uh HELLO it's lunch and it's a BUFFET. And every time my plan is foiled**. Because they always come around with that tandoori chicken and we all know my weakness for meat.If you didn't know, here it is.The only thing I wish they had was actual lettuce in their salad. It's how I like to begin all of my delicious meals: lettuce and veggies smothered in that ridiculous yogurt sauce. 4realz, what IS that stuff.Their food is legitimately delicious. And a legitimate deal for $9.95. And the douse their naan in butter and I honestly just want to be there right now. **Trying again next week, LOLZ!
Not bad at all.Stopped in here for dinner due to good reviews from friends, and wasn't disappointed.The waitstaff was attentive and swift with water and asking if we wanted drinks, our order taken, or just looking at the menu and answering questions.  The place itself felt a bit on the "hyper-space modern" that would've fit in very well with the 70s if the place wasn't quite so dark.  Tables were a bit small, but then again, this is the city.The garlic naan - good amount of garlic, needs a little more butter. The alu pea paratha was better, in my opinion. I'll have to try the spicy cauliflower paratha next time, though.Saag paneer was excellent, good firm paneer in decent amounts, and a creamy spinach around it.  The lamb in bhuta curry was also good, although their description was something like "heavily spiced curry". Not entirely helpful, but mild ended up tasting something like medium spicy, and there were interesting bay leaves (or something similar) in the curry that weren't all edible.They have a German hefeweizen here, though... interesting. 20oz and 32oz versions of many beers.Decent service, filling and tasty food. Not bad at all. A little expensive for dinner, though, especially if you want to try a few different things, we ended up putting down $65 for two. Sounds like the buffet is a better deal.
Delicious, rich, fragrant Indian food. The peas and paneer was so good. Also got the ginger daal, which had a wonderful flavor. Garlic naan was perfection. The $10 40 oz beer is a steal in NYC. Only complaint: Husband and I split a spinach and cheese appetizer that was laughably tiny. Two little bites swimming in tons of sauce. Granted, the sauce was mouth-wateringly delicious.
Oh man. Everything about this place was excellent, the service, the food, the course timing, the size of the beer...In continuation of our 1.5 anniversary celebration, Shea D. brought me here after an afternoon at the Met. Seeing as Indian food is one of my all time favorite cuisines, she could hardly have made a better choice! We showed up an hour early for our reservation and they sat us no problem, which was impressive since the place was packed about 10 minutes after we got there. This place is clearly a neighborhood favorite! We were served yummy 20 oz beers for $6 each (can't beat that!) and chose two appetizers and two entrees, figuring we would split everything we got and take home the rest. Everything came out in a timely fashion and we left stuffed and happy with enough food to last us well into next week!My favorite parts of the evening:- the HUGE beer glass (and I ordered the small!)- the delicious, flaky, and surprisingly/thankfully not oily samosa- the briyani (may have been the best I've ever had)- the fact that we had enough food for the next three days- my date (what?! she's hot :) )The funniest parts of the evening:- Shea D's reaction to the mugs of beer- the couple sitting next to us (apparently the girl had never had Indian food and thought EVERYTHING was too spicy and kept sending things back. I think she would've sent the air in the restaurant back if she could've.)I may just become a regular here. It's very hard to find Indian food of this quality in the city!Just like Arnold...I'll be back!--------------Updated 4/8/10We were craving fantastic Indian food and so returned. AH-mazing! LOVE IT. We were feeling adventurous and so decided to try new things on the menu and were so happy that we did! We had the Sham Savera appetizer and it may have been the best thing ever. I have no idea what was in it but it was so delicious that I'm craving one right now while writing this. Our entrees this time were Chicken Korma and Lamb Briyani. We had them spice up the Korma since it tends to be rather mild. All was delicious. We're seriously considering moving to the neighborhood so that we can have Dhaba everyday.
Yum Yum Yum, Indian food. I got the Saag Paneer with one of the lamb curries and mango lassi. Everything was really good. They also have a buffet, which seemed like a pretty good one. I am not really into buffets but they seemed to have a good selection of food there as I was spy plating other peoples plates.
The paneer was delicious and melted in my mouth, the chicken tikka was with just the right amount of spices, and the lamb with the rice dish (I forgot the name of it) was great. The naan was soft and chewy. The deserts were sweet and chewy. All in all, great indian food.
Make sure you make a reservation for dinner time. the line and wait can get very long!! I being Indian can say that this is the closest thing to really great indian food I have had.the chicken chilly is soooooooo nice!!!!! in fact all their kababs are awesome.tried their lunch buffet, still prefer dinner a la carte.
We went yesterday to Dhaba after hearing so much. One of the items we ordered was  Butter Paneer. We did a take way for the leftovers. Somehow since the lighting of the place is so dim, we didn't see much in our butter paneer; but today as eating it for my lunch I saw this. I was shocked and appalled to find chicken pieces in my butter paneer. Being a pure vegetarian, I was very upset. This means they are cooking it in the same gravy and mixing pieces here and there. This upsets me even more that such amount of negligence has crept in. This will be my last visit to this place, extremely upset!
Have had dinner with different friends on different weeknights, and it was packed each time. I have had my usual go-to, saag paneer, and one of their specials, the sarson ka saag (spinach, mustard greens, ginger) and and both were good. Not usually a fan of naan or papadum, but I love both here. I love their papadum without any of the sauces even. They make them a little thicker, and it gives it a slightly different texture. And the garlic naan is really good, with the perfect crisp and not bready like at other places.Service was attentive--water glasses filled often, and plates changed after appetizers. However, I definitely felt rushed each time I was there--probably because they were so busy. Definitely not a place to linger over your meal, or you will be asked time and time again if you are done with your meal, or if there's anything else you'd like to order. One of those nights, I was with some girlfriends and we really wanted to chat, but we finally decided to leave after were were asked at least the fourth time by one of the various waiters and bus boys.Place is cute, though seating is a bit tight. I think it's owned by a larger company that runs several other Indian restaurants. Something about the place definitely looks trendy and "chain-y" like the NYC Thai chain, Spice.
I've been here three times.  I really enjoyed my meal each time and I hope to come back again soon.I haven't had enough experience with quality Indian cuisine to give a fully informed review on the regional style, authenticity, or creativity.  I can tell you however, that I find the food delicious.  I always end up splitting a number of different things with my fellow diners and I haven't come upon one dish I didn't like.The staff has been friendly and helpful.  The food tastes great.  Can't think of anything not to like!I've had a martini, gin & tonic, and a Makers manhattan here.  Drinks were just as solid as the food.
Came here a very busy night but still got great service. This is prob the best Indian i ever had. Only negative is the size of the place,  the tabled and packed.
Ordered an aloo parantha, got a naan with onions and potato in it which wasn't nice or eaten. Complaining to the server gentleman did not help since he gave some random explanation and clearly charged me anyway
We tried the lunch buffet on a Sunday here (which I was roughly 12.50 each or so).  Overall, it really wasn't bad.  We usually go out to Jackson Heights if we want Indian food, but decided to try out a place in "Curry Hill" today.  The buffet had a decent selection - ranging from butter chicken, saag paneer, chana masala, tandoori chicken etc.  They brought a good amount of naan to the table as well.  The butter chicken was pretty good - and my favorite dish there today.  The saag paneer was a little short on spice and was more like creamed spinach - so it could use a little work.  The chana masala had good flavor and a hint of spice - another good dish.  The tandoori chicken was also quite good, very juicy and great flavor.  All in all, this really is a good place, especially for Manhattan.  But, I'd encourage you to try out Delhi Palace in Jackson Heights for the same dishes for a few dollars less, and a lot more flavor and spice!
I have an Indian friend who came here with me and said this food is super authentic! She likes Burger King and was born in Arizona though. Haha, just kidding. I don't have an authentically certified Indian friend.I don't know if this fare is authentic, but it is really good. The $10 lunch buffet includes a man walking around dropping chicken tikka on your plate if you so please. The dessert options consisted of just gulab jamun when I went, but I'm okay with that because their curries are satisfying enough.
I went for Father's Day and this is what has changed:- food has become bland and the after feeling was not good- portions seem to have decreased- service was AWFUL
Excellent Indian food. I got a lamb dish which was really good. Only concern is that you don't get naan with your meal, you have to order it extra, which is a bit annoying.Nice atmosphere and good wait staff.
This review is for SERVICE or lack thereof.I've dined here a few times and each time, the service is really bad!I took the time to call and make reservations before I headed out, if you are going to take my name, ask me how many people and the time, then at the very least I expect you to have my name on the reservation list. We get to the restaurant and I give them my name and shocking- no reservations! Luckily, we got there early enough so they were able to seat us immediately.We were seated by the door, on the upper seating area (if you want to call it that), next to a radiator that blew out cold air. Needless to say, our food got cold pretty fast.  We had several different waiters take our orders. My boyfriend ordered beer, the waiter, who may have been the manager, asked him, "do you want that on rocks?"  What?!I had to raise my hand every single time we needed something- like ordering drinks, appetizers and the main course or another round of drinks. The service was slow, and I couldn't understand why since the waiters were just standing around idle, in other words they weren't busy so there was no excuse for shabby service, right? And each time, I got a different waiter!Not once did they ask us 'is everything OK?' not once did they check on us througout our entire meal.   What a shame.
I went for the lunch buffet. The selection wasn't as vast as I'm used to, but what they do offer was pretty tasty.
I went to this place with a couple of friends from out of town - solely on good reviews. When I arrived, I felt that perhaps I had made a mistake. We were seated near the door and it was a bit drafty and cold. My guests put their jackets back on. No one came to give us menus for quite a while. I kept a smile on my face and ordered.When the food showed up, everything changed. It was great. It's not your typical NYC Indian restaurant. Even with the dishes that were familiar, the flavors were slightly different and more authentic. My big test was their malai kofta. Bad Indian restaurants do it not so well. Theirs was delicious. The owner came over to ask about the meal and he told us some of the things that they do differently for flavor. This place is now one of my favorite Indian restaurants in NYC.
3.75 starsHello, I am writing this review for Dhaba Indian Cuisine.Dined in.Location: As usual.Environment: Darkened, appeared to be clean.  However, I was unable to see enough of the restaurant to make an objective assessment.Host: friendly host; slightly lackadaisical.  Service: Unusual.  I had the impression that the waiter felt uncomfortable with us.  I have no reason as to why this might be as this was our first visit to the restaurant.Food:  Excellent use of flavours, spices and variation.  Appetizers, including papadum and associated sauces, mains and sides, including a mango lassi, were all very, very good.  Unfortunately, cost of naan does not equate to the amount provided.  This is a common problem amongst most of the Indian restaurants I have visited thus far.Cost:  For the environment, location, etc., as expected.Overall, very good experience aside from unusual service and naan.Thank-you.
Went there around 5 pm on a Sunday and found a table for 4 right away. Great atmosphere with throwback Bollywood music. Slight dark in the restaurant but that is standard. Got paneer pakora and chicken tikkas for appetizers. You didn't even the need the sauces that they gave. So much flavor! The papads , complimentary, were an excellent addition as a transition between the entrees pouring in. For main course, ordered, garlic naan, rice, Kashmiri gosht, some form of pepper chicken and chicken tikka masala. The lamb was falling off the bones and was simply delicious. The chicken dishes were excellent too and we were happy with what we ordered. Slight improvement could be made with the waiters, in terms of them being  slightly more timely in taking the orders. They had to be flagged down a few times. Definitely going back! Their 36 oz. beer on tap for 10 bucks is not a bad idea either. Got the Kingfisher lager.
In the heart of curry hill is this ever bustlin' ever filling lunch buffet gem.For 10 dollars a head at lunch on days that end in Y - its my new favorite Indian spot on the cheap! Recovering from an exhausting weekend at Dhaba on a lazy Sunday in the winter is the best.  The classy decor is modern and cozy, and the varying selection at the buffet = coma-for-certain.  Good coma that is.  Usually they always have a good balance between veggie and meaty options.  The chicken and the lamb dishes are usually a mainstay.  As are the gulab jaman and the kheer for dessert, my favorites!Things that make this place standout in the buffet world (aside from the drool inducing curried aromas wafting out from under the silver lids on the buffet) were the guy who goes around with the plate of hot off the grill chicken.  I found this willingness to feed me without my even having to stand up so unique.*  Back to the leg man:  If you deny the leg you will most likely get a quizzical look so be nice to him and accept at least one piece, despite how much you may have already overdone it in the buffet prior to his elusive arrival (usually every 15 mins).  But that is not all, each table gets their own personal plate of pakoras and dipping sauces, and a basketful of oh so flavorful buttery naan bread.Leave your gargantuan purses at home ladies this place is always packed and seating is in pretty tight quarters, the individual table clothed tables in the middle of Dhaba may as well just be a communal table. Yummy food, great staff, charming atmosphere and hello VALUE.  This place always makes me happy.* Yay fat american stereotypes!!  But really no joke - its a bit of a pain to get in and out of some seats to move back and forth to the buffet.**** Because seconds and thirdsies are not only an option but a challenge, your right* and naturally a lazy Sunday necessity.
Do not order from here. The food is marginal at best and the food is always late. The management is indifferent to the customer. They also don't know how to manage time. Go/order from somewhere else.
Dhaba is really yummy and really crowded.  I visited on a Sunday for the lunch buffet.First off, Dhaba caters to omnivores and herbivores alike, so that's nice.  They bring you a basket of hot, fresh naan and chapati as well as a plate of some sort of dal with lightly toasted hamburger buns.  Definite tastiness.The buffet is a little cramped and crazy, but had a good selection for carnis and veg folks.  I enjoyed the paneer dish and a cabbage dish in particular.  Dal was very flavorful.   There were two types of dessert- carrot halwa and rice pudding.  Both were great.Dhaba is excellent, but it would be difficult visiting with a large group.  The place is noisy and bustling.  Very delicious.  I will return.
Good Indian Food... haven't tried dinner here yet, but the lunch buffet is great, and you must try the lassi... it's awesome! Probably the best quality lassi I've tasted.
This place has a much trendier vibe than most Indian spots in the city. I'm not necessarily looking for hipness when I'm in the mood for Indian food, but the more upscale atmosphere is a nice change of pace from the florescent lights and linoleum tiles I've come to expect when I go out for Indian food. The menu was pretty extensive- they had a particularly good selection of naan breads (e.g. chili onion, cheese-nut, habanero). Everything we ordered was tasty and flavorful, but I wouldn't say anything was exceptional or memorable. Dhaba is a good choice for a date or a night out with friends, but if you're just looking for a quick weekday bite, you can easily find comparable food at a lower price nearby.
Excellent food and ServiceI loved this restaurant and have only wonderful things to say! Had dinner with two friends and we all enjoyed our meal, everything we tried was amazingly authentic. The service was perfect, which included waiters serving happily, making recommendations, and my water glass was never empty. I will definitely go back when in NYC
Go for the buffet. The regular menu is a bit pricey, and I would pretty much order the same stuff as the buffet foods anyway. The papri chaat was a nice surprise, and I saw a lot of people getting refills. The only thing that was tough was trying to focus on the "worthwhile items", aka, meat. So much naan! So much fried chickpea things!  Agh!  I walked away with the entire plate of chaat in me, two naan, a bunch of biryani, and a vow to return to down more tikka masala. Dhaba, be afraid.The seating is crowded and arranged in a funky way. I was so close to my neighbors I could have stolen their food... which would have been dumb at a buffet. And they always try to get me to sit by the window, but that's like 40 feet from the buffet!  Ugh, it took like 4 extra seconds to get there.
Dhaba is frequently lauded as one of the top destinations for Indian fare in Manhattan, but after eating here, I wasn't sold.The food, especially the naan, is very good, but this is not the place to go if you want to see a friendly face. My friend, who is allergic to peanuts, called ahead to ensure they didn't use peanut oil while cooking (he does this any time he tries somewhere new). The man on the phone confirmed that they didn't, but was extremely curt and almost annoyed that someone would waste his time asking such a question.We brushed it off and made our way to the restaurant. Even though it was dinnertime and the place was busy, we were seated pretty quickly in a booth along the wall. The waiter seemed to have the same personality as the man on the phone, irritated by simple questions and requests, like a refilled glass of water. Although his demeanor was a bit off-putting, we didn't have any significant issues or mixups with our food.Speaking of the food, an order of naan for the table was a must; our only regret was that we wished we'd opted for more naan instead of rice on the side. The Bhuni Gobi Mattar, a vegan dish consisting of cauliflower and green peas with ginger, was predominantly peas with a few small cauliflower florets mixed in. I enjoyed and actually preferred it over the yogurt-based plates, but the ratio of these two ingredients was too imbalanced and a little disappointing. Plus, the portion size wasn't big enough to justify its price (nearly fourteen dollars).I'd give Dhaba another chance, but the ill-mannered behavior of the staff during my last visit resulted in my current lack of enthusiasm for the restaurant.
It was our first visit on Father's Day about a week ago. Heard a great deal about the food there, and the appetizers were amazing. I had called in advance To make the reservations because we had two little kids with us. We had great hope for the main course as well, only that it never came for an hour. The restaurant was of course busy given it was a Sunday evening plus Father's Day, but upon asking the waiter on 3 separate occasions about the main course we finally got fed up and left. My son literally fell asleep hungry on the table. I approached the manager before leaving and he told me that they were extremely busy and that they had a lot of delivery orders as well. I shared my opinion that they should try to serve the in house customers first given that they have actually made an effort to come to the restaurant and enjoy their meals. The food had a great start but the service was horrible. They had only two waiters for a busy Sunday night. We will not be going back again. Also, please serve your customers in the restaurant first especially the ones that had little kids and be mindful of that.
Bad experience. Waiters extremely mis behaved. Working on their own time and making people wait. They got  the wrong order, after me telling them they didn't agree to changeThis same thing happened to the next table sitting beside me. They were pissed off too.Food is okay but service is bad. Manager irresponsible too. And they are completely confused in their own heads.
Great food. Terrible service. If you want good Indian food and don't mind rude waiters, well then this is the place for you! The quality of the food is not enough to draw me back. Couldn't get over the rudeness of the staff.
Went to this place on a recommendation from some friends.   The place had good modern decor and ambiance unlike a lot of Indian places I've been to.   The place was packed while we were there. Generally, a sign of good food.  We were seated quickly which was nice.   We ordered the Sasaroon ka Saag and the Aloo Mutter with some garlic naan and Makhi di Roti.  The waiter confused us when it came to how much bread came with the bread dishes because we had way too much bread for 2 people.   The food was tasty and did not have too much heavy cream which I dislike when it comes to Indian food. Don't get me wrong it did have some heavy cream but not overpowering.  Spice wIse it was bit too spicy another dislike I have because you feel it for a few days if you know what I mean. Haha. The breads were also warm and delicious.   Overall nice place.
This place was highly rated and we came here excited to try it out. Sadly, we were disappointed. Here's why:- Long wait: The service seemed a bit lacking since we got there, as everything took quite a while to come. We asked for straws, didn't get them until we asked again. We had to flag down the waiter to take our order, and finally, we waited way too long for our entrees to come out. It took one hour for the food to come out. We had once cold appetizer in the beginning and then waited, and waited, and waited. We had to ask multiple staff members for our food and they all proceeded to avoid is after we asked them (not sure if this is a coincidence but in any case, after they went to he kitchen to check on the food, they didn't bother to inform us of its status, instead they went right back to serving everyone around us).The people in our party were dozing off and ready to ask to take the food to go. And then, as if on cue, the food appeared. - The menu descriptions don't match the actual dish: And when I say description, I mean the icons, added to the menu for quick recognition. A little thumbs up means you must try this dish and and a pepper means it's hot. Our table ordered all dishes without peppers and when the food came out it was so spicy my friends couldn't finish it. I stubbornly ordered yogurt sauce and doused my food in it but still couldn't finish, it was so spicy!We left with inflamed faces and decided not to come back.
I decided to come to dhaba after reading all the reviews and hearing people recommend it, but sadly I was really underwhelmed by my experience here.Being Indian from origin, I understand that it is really hard to find perfect "indian" food here, but I have been to places that have come close- except dhaba. I liked the vibe of the place when I got here, got seated immediately on a Thursday night, and as soon as we sat we got a helping of crispy papads and a trio of indian chutneys- all if which tasted really good. For starter we got the chicken tikka which I don't remember the name of but it was red in color and really really spicy- and not the good kind of spicy which burns your tongue but you still love the flavor- it was just a smack to the tongue backed with no flavor at all.For the main course we got the dal makhani , which is the most generic thing to order in an indian/mughlai restaurant and was also the waiter's recommendation. Sad to say I have never had worse dal. No depth of flavor and it just fell flat. Even the chicken tikka masala was average, slightly better than the dal flavor-vise but I have had much better in half as fancy restaurants in manhattan. Out of the variety of indian breads we got, the onion chili naan was nice but the tandoori roti was not crispy at all- how it is supposed to be.Overall, it was just a big waste of calories.
Came here for the Saturday buffet and there were some empty tables when we walked in around 12:30pm, but it quickly filled up and people were waiting outside. The selection was sufficient and the curries were accommodating to the masses, which is to be expected when you're going in for the buffet. Selection consisted of: chicken biryani, chicken tikka masala, lamb kadai, saag paneer, green peas & cauliflower, red kidney beans. Every now and then a server would come around with piping hot chicken tikka and the drumsticks are so moist and flavorful. The lamb was my favorite, cooked tender. Once you sit down, a mound of hot naan comes out. Service was good. Plates cleared immediately when you got up for the next round. Water was refilled frequently. I have no complaints.
Dhaba has renewed my faith in Indian food on the island of Manhattan!  I have truly not had a great Indian meal outside of London until my recent visit to Dhaba Indian cuisine!  We had some wonderful appetizers including Pahadi Murgh Kabob.  I enjoyed my first try on the bhatoora--fried bread, and cauliflower or lasoori gobhi.  I marveled at the spicy chickpea or channa masala.  We also had some of my regulars--chicken kabob, chicken tikka masala, and sage paneer.  My search for authentic Indian food in the NYC Metro area now continues with some hope!  BTW--Naan is superb!
Went here because of the amount of reviews and the high marks. Food was extremely bland. Indian food is known for spices yet this place was missing it in almost everything we got. Butter chicken was decent, the chicken was tender but it has no spices or salt. Mango chutney is not spicy at all so it's more like mango jam than chutney. Chicken with eggplant was ok. The rice is cooked like Asian rice, bland and clumped together than how Indians/middle Eastern rice is supposed to be.
Maybe best buttered chicken I've ever had. This place really appeals to you American idea of Indian food and in that regard it's done right!
Found this place through a random yelp search and boy, was this place packed on a Friday night. Came in around 8pm ish and luckily, we found a table without much wait. The menu was your standard Indian cuisine and there are cute little thumb marks next to certain dishes that indicate locals favorites. For our meal, we decided to get the shrimp curry like dish called Aunt Murli Chingri Malai with a chili onion naan and lemon rice. Overall, the meal was good but not spectacular. The lemon rice lacked any real depth to it since it tasted just like plain jasmine rice without any hint of lemon to it. As for the chili onion naan, it was quite tasty and would have been better if it wasn't as burnt on the bottom. As for the main course itself, I found it to be quite unique with its sweetness and the yummy shrimps that had a freshness bite to it. However, I love Indian food with a spicy taste and regretted not asking for this dish to be spicy. Ambience of this place is cozy, romantic and ideal for dates and close get together a. Service is quick and attentive and your water cup is always filled to the brim without you asking for it. I do like this place and would come back to try out their other dishes. If you find this place to be super packed, do note that there are many surrounding Indian places around/next to here :)
Good indian food in the city. I love their chapli kebab and chicken biryani. Their,  stews are also flavorful. Would recommend this place to go.
Terrible service! The attendants are rude and just extremely overwhelmed by the number of people. I went there on Friday, and realized that they were not prepared for a Friday crowd. The food does not make up enough for the service. There are places with better food and better experience. Never again.
While taking a cab from Battery Park back to the hotel, the indian cab driver told us about Little India in Manhattan and the many indian restaurants there. Our curiosity was piqued and we went to that area for dinner. Once there we picked Dhana Indian cuisine since we wanted to try some good Naan and tikka masala. The service here is nothing to talk about and but the food itself was not very good. We tried the chicken tikka masala and the gravy was had a distinct tomato taste and not in a good way. The aloo tikki chaat on the other hand was excellent. They also give free pappad and chutney before the meal which was tasty. Overall a 3star restaurant which I will not try again
Definitely top 3 for best Indian restaurants in the city.  We ordered the lamb boti kabobs - perfectly spiced ground lamb that came in little patties with a few chutneys.  For our mains we shared chicken tikka masala and the kali mirch.  The chicken was perfectly cooked in both dishes and I've never had anything quite like the kali mirch anywhere else, a must try if you come here!
For a buffer it's really good. Not pricey at all. Clean restaurant and good ambience plus amazing service.
Great food!  Literally delicious. I went in the winter and was seated close to the door and hostess booth. Whenever someone entered or left, my table was blasted with frigid air. It was horrible. The place was packed, so we couldn't move tables. Aside from the unfortunate seating, the place was fantastic! The waiter did not really understand us, but the food is excellent! Portions were generous and a table of 4 had plenty of leftovers after 4 dishes, 2 rice, and naan. Beers come in steins - liters and half liters for $8/$12 respectively.The music was Britney Spears through the ages and then transitioned to oriental music. Eclectic. Recommend, but don't sit near the door.
My Mom treated me to lunch here. They have a nice Indian buffet with items like chicken biryani, mutton curry, daal, saag paneer, naan, tandoori chicken etc. They also serve you crispy slices of potatoes. It is a modern place with striped wall paper, air-conditioning and comfortable seating and it is very clean. The service is good and the waiter is quick to refill your jar with cool water and to offer you tandoori chicken, sliced crispy potatoes and naan. I also liked their lassi.  Most people were like us 2 per table but I think they could arrange for a larger group to be at a bigger table. We were newcomers but it seemed like many other customers, both Indian and non-Indian were regular customers who said they came weekly for the great value at this restaurant.
Being an Indian from the Bay Area, we do have high expectations for good Indian food. The Dhaba Tandoori grill (kebab platter) was not impressive at all and was 3/4 filled with the same two types of chicken which looked unappealing. Their mango lassi and mango margarita were super delicious and the entrees we ordered (saag paneer and bhindi gosht) were nice as well. Their overall food was very good and I would recommend to anyone looking for good Indian food and drinks, just DON'T order the huge kebab sampler unless you have six or more adults who like chicken or else you will end up wasting food. Overall a good place for good Indian food.
We ordered bhel chaat from here for delivery. What we got was stale, old puffed rice and overly salty toppings. We had to throw it out. My roommate called to let them know and they argued with her that there's nothing wrong with it. We just threw it out and vowed never to eat there again
absolutely love this place. the food is delicious, the staff is extraordinary nice and helpful, the establishment is clean, etc. let's just put it this way - my 39-year old husband who's never had Indian in his life was dragged her (by yours truly) and now he is an avid fan!
Came in on Saturday night and it was very very busy. Since it was only two of us, we only waited 15 min to get sitted. As the night progressed it got even busier.Ordered Lolipop chickenm Goat Curry, Goat bone soup and one Vegeterain dish,All portions were good size, we ate there, then had lunch for 2 following day and still 1 lunch portion was left over. I recommend this place but its better of to go off pick hours as it gets bit crazy. One downside that I notices staff was not well organized,
I've been here 3 times and I'll start this review by saying that I keep going back because the food is great and the ambience is cool. The menu is extensive and the food is extremely flavorful.The reason for 3 stars is mainly the service. The waiters often seem distracted and bothered when you eventually wave them down for something. I think this is due to there being a shortage of wait staff and they are overwhelmed, but nevertheless, it's not acceptable service. Food is damn good though...that's where they get me!
One of the best Indian places in Curry Hill.  We recently discovered their Sunday lunch buffet.  At $12.95 (great deal!), it's a few dollars more than the other lunch buffets in the area but it's well worth it -- good/fresh quality, wide selection, nice service, very nice atmosphere.  It's no wonder it's the most packed place in the neighborhood.  NOTE: The buffet is meat heavy. (Although they have lots of vegetarian choices on the a la carte menu.)  We normally have dinner delivered from here -- food is really good! -- but I noticed that the restaurant has a full bar.  Will go there next time for a full-dining experience.
Yelpers were not wrong. This is the BEST Indian I've ever had.  The wait staff were very patient as we combed through the menu. But overall the service was just ok. Shared App: Lasoni Gobi - only good for 2 peopleEntrees: Chicken Korma - a little on the sweeter side, but it was delicious.Lamb Bhuna -Never had it before, but the lamb was super tender.We arrived early on a Saturday evening (4:30-ish). There were a few tables, but it quickly filled up and had a wait by the time we left a little before 6pm.
I did not grow up with an Indian grandmother so I am no expert on Indian food by any means, but this place was BOMB. Indian 101dish that fed 3 ladies:Garlic naan = A++Chicken tikki masala = A++Shrimp vindaloo = A++ Super spicy so unless you know you can handle it ask for it mild (if they even can do that).Wash it down with a mango lassi.
Amazing amazing food.  Music was very loud.  But overall the food was amazing and the waiter gave us lots of great suggestions.Would def come back again.
I had the lunch buffet.  We made reservations and they had our table waiting.  the place was crowded and a bit hard to navigate with plates of food - someone spilled sauce all over me.The naan with the buffet took over 20 mins to come after we had our food so that was a little dissapointing.The diversity of the buffet was great.  My friends had the chai and really enjoyed that too.   Good quality indian food.
I have recently started enjoying Indian food. This place was very appealing in a neighborhood filled with Indian restaurants. The chicken saag was spicy but very good. As was the rice & nam. The service was very, very  slow. Many of the waiters / servers did not know english, so when I would try and find out how my meal was coming they couldn't answer.  Would go back maybe later in the evening--early dinner hours they seem to be slow & a bit off with the staff. Nice decor and good prices. and plenty of dishes for both vegetarians and meat eaters alike.
Reason #4,315,972 I will never have abs.How can Dhaba afford to offer a consistently delicious, satisfying Indian buffet with a huge assortment of veg and non-veg options, great service, and fresh naan brought right to your table... all for $10 a pop? It's absurdly inexpensive considering what you get!Thanks for fueling my compulsive eating behavior. I mean... it's all you can eat. I have to get at -least- one refill plate, regardless of the fact that I was full after the first... right?
Wow. Given the 5-star reviews, I'm shocked at how bad our experience was. Maybe Monday is an off-night for them so they pulled out the trainee staff, but our meal at Dhaba was a train-wreck. Everything took a long time to come -- the drinks, the food, the check. They brought out our samosas with no sauce (do they charge extra for sauces? weird, and annoying! but at least they could have asked if we wanted sauces when we ordered the samosas). When we asked for some sauce, they brought out very small servings of 3 sauces for the 4 of us to share, and no spoons -- and there are no spoons on the table. Oh yeah, and they didn't bring plates with the samosas, we needed to ask for them, so the samosas sat there for 10 minutes while we waited. We needed to ask multiple times for our water to be refilled. We needed to ask twice for the check. They only brought one serving spoon to the table, so we had to take turns serving ourselves our 3 dishes. The food was all tasty but it was completely overshadowed by the amateurish service. We called over the manager at the end of the meal, and he apologized, but I'm happy to let others benefit from their lessons, as I will not be back.
Dhaba has AMAZING Indian food. When I studied abroad in London, I had indian food on Brick Lane (where is fairly similar to the area Dhaba is in and is very legit if you ask me). The waiters aren't the best of the best, sometimes they can be a little rude. But overall, the food never fails to satisfy my belly! The chicken tikka masala is simply amazing; very flavorful and very good portion. The Dahiwala chicken is also very delicious. a MUST try! Their yogurt based drinks are really filling so becareful when picing your entree! I'm also a HUGE fan of their sweet corn soup. It's SO refreshing and everything about it is just right :) Love it. A must go!
dear god, i'm not a crazy fanatic about indian food but this place is AWESOME! the food at dhaba is DELICIOUS. everything on the menu is reasonably priced. the naan came out warm & soft. my god, if i didn't order anything else, i would've just ordered the naan because it was SO GOOD. (gosh, i love bread.) i don't remember what i ordered but i remembered that it was pretty good. my friend ordered the butter chicken & i couldn't help but steal bits of her dish, lol =Xi recommend that you make reservations beforehand. my friends & i had reservations here but we still had to wait about half hour to an hour since the place was PACKED. dhaba doesn't have the biggest space but it sure is popular (we went on a tuesday night, i think?)!the host was very tentative. he even gave us a free drink since we had to wait a while. our server was also excellent. the service here is a PLUS (ain't no doubt about that!).although the place is kind of cramped, it's a great place to eat as a group. the atmosphere is upbeat. the decor of dhaba is unique & modern.this place is definitely worth trying so head over if you're craving indian food ;)
An equation:2 friends recently engaged + desire to celebrate + St. Patrick's Day - desire to deal with drunk a$$ out of towners clogging up every Irish pub in the city = X.Answer:X = Dhaba!!!Shea D. made reservations for our party of 6, which I'm assuming went well because as soon as we all arrived (minus 1 running late), the folks at Dhaba, after dealing with some idiot patrons*, immediately sat us. Kudos here! Most places won't look at you until your entire party is present. Unfortunately, after this swift ass to chair matchup, service slowed down to a near crawl. What happened?? In fairness, nowhere is perfect and Shea, having eaten here several times before, assured us that this was a one off thing. We all began perusing the menu and decided to try a family style dining approach. We would order 3 separate dishes and go buffet on it's delicious offerings. These dishes consisted of the classic Chicken Tikka Masala, the Baigan Da Bharta (eggplant), and the Lamb Balti (off the British Curry menu). Each dish was absolutely delicious and perfectly spiced, especially the Balti! For sides we ordered the garlic naan and rice. This is where I'm knocking a star off. Rice isn't included in the meals. Really? That's a little lame. Rice should really just be part of the dinner, especially since all these dishes are upwards of $15 a pop. Rice hatred aside, when the food arrived I was a little taken aback by how small the dishes where. I immediately began to worry that we wouldn't have enough for everyone, and that the family buffet idea was a wash. Not so, it turns out! These little dishes pack a filling punch! We were all stuffed by dinners end! Wash everything down with an ice cold beer (something not every Indian place offers), sample some milk balls, and leave with a content belly!I highly recommend the buffet style idea if you're going with a group. Between six of us, we each paid** $21 for drinks, three main courses, two orders of rice, 3 orders of garlic naan, and two desserts. Not bad!!______________*Dear Mr. & Mrs. Highandmighty,When the restaurant that you are a guest in politely asks you to remove your belongings from the neighboring table and chairs, you do so. You do so without argument. In fact, you should never have placed your stuff there in the first place. And certainly do not tell the manager that the waiting party can sit at a different table. Unless your coat and purse are ordering and paying for their own dinners, they have no business being there. **Keep in mind that Dhaba will only split the check onto 2 credit cards max. If you're coming in a larger party, be sure to bring cash.
Probably the best Indian food I've had in Manhattan. This hip little place seems to be a popular joint in the Little India neighborhood in Manhattan. Went here for an early dinner with some friends on memorial day. The place got packed within a few minutes after we arrived. Reservation recommended Everything starting from the Mango Lassi to the main course was excellent. They had a great Goan Fish curry and a very good Biriyani. Very tasty food. Didnt have enough room to try any desserts after pigging out on the main courses. A must try if you are a fan of North Indian cuisine.
I really love the $9.95 Indian lunch buffet at Dhaba.  The restaurant is funky and modern, but not overwhelming.  Cool decor.  Friendly service.  Good food.  A lunch standard for my office.
Open until 1:00 on Fridays? But closed at 12:30 when we came by. The guy just stared at us from behind the counter.I know what it's like to close up early b/c it's slow but it's still annoying when you do online research from the bar, and walk 10 minutes out of the way in the cold for Indian food to get turned away, it's annoying.The food here may be good. Looks like it has good reviews. I wish I knew..
A friend and I had an early dinner at Dhaba following many great reviews that we saw on Yelp. When we arrived, there were about 6 people finishing up a late lunch. Nice ambiance, nice Indian music and dim lighting. The waiter came to our table quickly and very helpful with description of the food on the menu. My friend and I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Dahiwala Basmati Rice, Daal Makhni and Cheese Nut Naan Bread. The food was really good and flavorful. However, rice wasn't included with the meal. It had to be purchased at a separate charge and the Daal Makhni was a separate charge at the same price as a meal when most places consider it to be a side dish. While eating, the 6 people who were dining, finished their food and left. I guess that was a cue for the wait staff to turn the speaker on in back of the booth we were sitting in, turn the music up, as if in concert and turn the lights on brightly. I asked the waiter to turn the music down. The music was then turned up louder than what it was, then turned back to about the same level of loudness, which was still too loud. I then turned around to catch the waiter's attention again and he and about 4 other wait staff were pointing at us and laughing. At this point, I was annoyed enough to have some words with them. However, my friend suggested that we leave. Before paying the bill, an older woman, who appeared to be well known there, comes into the restaurant, stops in her tracks and stares at my friend and I. At this point, I thought we were being 'Punk'd'. We stare back at her and seriously, a minute passed with her still staring at us. She then rolled her eyes before she walked to a table where her food was already waiting for her. We pay for the bill and my friend notices again that this woman is staring at us. We both stare back until I finally said, "Is there a problem?" She said nothing, rolled her eyes again, turned away and continued to eat her meal. We paid for our food then left the restaurant. Although the food was good, the wait staff and the woman who stared at us (who might have been the owner or manager) were awful! I'll never return and will be sure to not refer anyone there. In a time in NYC, where business are here today and gone tomorrow, I would think this restaurant would be smarter about customer service. It's simple, be cordial, be efficient, get paid. The end. They can expect a BBB complaint as well as one from the NYC Complaint Board.
Walked in on a Saturday around 8, and only had to wait 10 minutes or so even though it was pretty busy. Nice..... super hungry. We ordered some off the London specials, names I unfortunately can't remember.All tomato based one with lots of onions and cilantro, and all with medium spice level (being the hottest medium I've ever eaten). That being said and water in between bites and some garlic naan, I couldn't stop eating till I was very full. And of course I also had some delicious Chai tea to wash it down with too. Service was quick and friendly, we really didn't wait long at all for our food (good thing, because I was starved and craving Indian food!). Great ambiance for a small place, though this is an old people complaint: it was pretty dark and alittle hard to read the menu with my aging eyeballs. Other than that nice esthetics and nice that's its a hop skip and jump from my cousin's place.
A great place to catch up with friends & colleagues in the Flatiron district. With just a little under 10 different delicious Indian dishes, the lunch buffet here is more than enough to keep you full and satisfied. Reasonable pricing (just a little over $10) makes this place an instant favorite for many city-dwellers. If you are craving a little something more ethnic than your usual burgers and fries, I strongly recommend this place!
3.5 stars. This is my second time at Dhaba, but first at the lunch buffet! The variety was pretty standard and they have a lot of proteins to offer, which is nice. They gave us some breaded cauliflower as an appetizer at the table but it was cold so kind of gross. Food was good but not great. The naan was a little on the greasy side, but still tasted delicious and carb-y. They even walk around and serve pieces of Chicken Tandoor, which I thought was actually the best food option.$12 for lunch buffet. And they make a good mango lassi that isn't overly sugary.
I've been here for dinner and for the lunch buffet. Neither time disappointed me the food was good the service was decent and honestly I think its the best on the block.Had chicken tikka and garlic naan both times quality was consistent.I have to say I'm slightly disappointed after a long awaited return. Ordered the goat and rice - it wasn't great. Too much bones.. barely any meat.. lots of fat.. barely edible.Ordered the samosa's - which I normally love but these were not high on my list either. Maybe it was an off night but it was a Thursday and it was packed. Ordered the thing that smelled great and turned out to look like sausage which i wasnt impressed with either. Bf especially didn't like it he said it in no way resembled real meat.But their Butter Chicken and the Naan saved the day!So I had to sadly downgrade my original post from 4 stars to 3. But i have hope this trendy spot will continue to do well even if I don't return.
Stopped here for lunch after viewing an apartment across the street. It wasn't too crowded and we were seated quickly, after which we immediately got up to get food. Honestly the number of offerings was modest compared to similar Indian Buffets I have been too, however, for what Dhaba lacks in quantity, it makes up for in quality. The food was so good, I barely noticed how quick it got packed. After no more than 15 minutes after we had arrived, the place was packed with a line to the door. So if you want to try one of the best values in Indian food I've come across, try Dhaba...just get there early or be prepared to fight a crowd.
With all due respect to the previous reviewers, I thought that there was a strong chance of shill when I checked out the reviews prior to our visit.  However, we threw caution to the wind, gave Dhaba a shot, and was pleasantly surprised.Dhaba presents itself as a trendy Indian eatery, maybe trying a little too hard for the 'cool factor', but it actually delivers where it counts;  food and service.Price wise, the dishes are in-line with its neighboring brethren in Curry Hill.  Around $4-7 for apps and $12-15 for mains, with rice and naan as $2-3 extras.  We ordered the lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, rice and draft Kingfishers ($5.95). We were presented with our complimentary papadam's, which amazingly seemed to be either freshly cooked or freshly re-heated.  Either way, it was a welcome change from the usually cold and stale papadam's that most Indian joints get away with.  The mains were surprisingly really good.  Larger portions than what i'm used to, tender lamb and chicken, a creamy tikka masala, and a fiery vindaloo that brought the non-gringo heat.  Fragrant and fluffy rice and very garlic-y garlic naan (each $3) served as a great counterpoint to the curries.  I couldn't remember the last time I had such well executed Indian dishes.One common theme of a lot of Indian joints that I visit, especially those in Curry Row on 6th st, is disappointing service.  However at Dhaba, our water glasses were never empty, our beer mugs were always full and our waiter seemed to take a genuine interest in whether or not we were enjoying our food (granted the restaurant was fairly empty).During this review, I tried my hardest to find some snarky snitch about the food or service or decor, but I couldn't identify a major flaw.  It's one of the few Indian meals in the city that i've actually really enjoyed, and I will plan on returning again in the future.
I was second time this place. I made reservation for three people at lunch. All my friends enjoyed food and reasonable price for the lunch buffet. They brought the fresh nan and tandoori chicken for each tables. Good quality! The desert was not so impressed. But totally satisfied and I will recommend this place.
Lunch buffet $11.95, with 8 to 10 dishes to choose from, chicken masala, lamb curry, meat is tender, everything is tasty. Nice place to sit in. Will go again.
I've been going to Dhaba off and on for the past 2-3 years.  All I can say is WHAT HAPPENED??!!  The quality of the food has certainly deteriorated.  I tried the Paneer Makhani which is a staple at most Indian restaurants.  It was just too pungent and the marsala was not mixed together properly.  I think the thing that really got me was the bill.  I went the restaurant with a friend and we each ordered 1 drink, a few naan, and a main dish, and the bill came out to $50.  It was certainly higher than I anticipated, and higher than what most of the surrounding Indian restaurants charge.The ambiance was also a bit frustrating.  We were asked to get up and move during dinner giving odd seating arrangements, which left us cramped onto a table that bumped up and down, and eventually led to my drink spilling and waiters coming over to clean up the mess.  I really hope the restaurant comes back strong, because that was not a fun meal.
Dhaba has amazing food! The decor and service are good, but it's really a place to come and enjoy the amazing Indian dishes. You can except to wait for at table at dinner time, however Dhaba is worth waiting for. I have also ordered delivery from here, and the food is just as good. You can never go wrong with the Chicken Tikka Masala, but I personally love all of the paneer dishes here. The Paneer Makhni is delicious, along with the Paneer Saag.  Kadai Bhindi is great vegan dish. All of the Naan is great, however I really love the Chili Onion Naan. Overall, the food at Dhaba is great and very reasonably priced.
I like Dhaba a lot but I don't love it. AND I REALLY WANT TO LOVE IT. I'm slowly working my way through the paneer section of the menu and I keep feeling like the food just isn't as awesome as it could be, given how much I want to like it here.The servers are nice, the decor is cute, the naan is actually pretty good, but... I just keep thinking that they forgot to put all the ingredients into my paneer whatever. HOWEVER, my husband digs it here, and he keeps getting some chicken thing, so maybe I'm just on the wrong path with my cheese quest. I realize that I have a cheese problem, ok? But I'm not abandoning said cheese quest, so... there. Maybe I just haven't found the right paneer vehicle yet. That's what my brain keeps telling me at least.I guess the point is that I keep coming back in spite of thinking it could be better, so... Yay?
This is probably one of the nicer Indian restaurants I've been to.  It definitely has a modern feel to it. Right when you sit down, they give you chips with three different dipping sauces, which is perfect for anyone who is starving and can't wait 20 minutes for their entrees to be cooked and served.  I've only had the Chicken Tikki Masala and the regular, onion & garlic naan (I love naan and so do my friends).  The Chicken Tikki Masala was very good and was a good sized portion, but down side is that you have to order the rice separately.  Other than that, great Indian restaurant and will come back soon!
Went for the $10 ayce buffet. Food was clean & delicious.Not enough salad tho.They have the usual stuff & waiter comes around to give you naan & grilled chicken drumsticks.soda $2.50=no refill ...boo!beer=$6bathroom clean enough.be sure to take some tums & zantac...because I got terrible heartburn afterwards. I mean terrible ..
Definitely my favorite Indian place in the US.  Right in the center of Curry Hill and I've never had a bad meal here.  Probably eaten at least 20 times.  You won't be sorry.
loved the atmosphere and decor of this place.  amid the drab and boring restaurants flanking this place up and down Lexington Avenue, Dhaba is a nice change of pace.  To begin with, it serves North Indian food vs. the 20 other spots on this block that serve pure vegetarian South Indian food.  Though I didn't try any non-vegetarian dishes on my recent visit, there is ample amount of chicken and lamb offerings to choose from, and the menu is quite extensive, even offering Indian-Chinese fusion.Gobi Manchurian appetizer - spicier and less tangy/sweet than other versions I have tried, but very good! Lightly flash tried to give it a nice crunchMalay Kofta - Good quality.  Not out of this world, but certainly not a disappointment.Methi Mattar Malai - Succulent pieces of paneer, well cooked and served in a tasty orange gravy with peas.Garlic naan was the just the right choice of bread.  Get an extra order to mop up all the extra sauce!Definitely give Dhaba a try.  Atmosphere / ambiance is much better than other restaurants on the block, menu selection is vast and pricing is in line with expectations.
Best Indian I've had in a while.  Huge portions - we brought home enough leftovers for one or two extra meals.  Cheap, big beers too.  Overall a great value.
Amazing Indian food!Fair prices, large portions, perfect flavors. And if you want it, chicken-on-the-bone!My favorite of all the Indian places I've tried in Murray Hill and Indian Row.I will go back again and again.Oh, and it's crazy-busy, so make reservations!
Ordered Papri chat and Samosa chat for the starters. Both were utterly disappointing. They tasted more stale than eating on the road side stalls. Our main course was Malai Kofta (which was decent), Paneer Burji (was OK) and Dal Tadka (again the worst). The breads were pretty good. And the worst part of all was that we asked for some pickle (which is usually the side ingredient in any Indian food; similar to onions on the side). He gave us this small bowl with pickle which we had. Later on, when the bill arrived, we were charged $4 for the pickle we received! When we asked them, we were told that pickles are charged and are not free.Now comes the best part, we were absolutely not planning to give a decent tip to the people due to their rude behavior and when we were signing the bills, this lady (waitress) was standing on our backs and peeping-in to see what tips we were going to write-off! So, disgusted by this, we simply did not give anything and then, the same lady, was talking on our back (like 5 inches away) to someone else, that see, these people are not giving us any tips!Being an avid food person and being an Indian, I am truly disappointed with this restaurant. The worst I have been in my past 6 years in various cities...I saw a lot of non-Indians out there, and I would say to you all is that, please go to some other decent places like Amma, Bhojan or Mint as this restaurants food is not the Indian food you came here to try!
For $9.95 Mon-Sat (yes Saturday too!) and $12.95 on Sunday you can enjoy a very good Indian buffet. The selection is not huge (like 6 or so savories and a few desserts) but each one is done really well. This contrasts pretty heavily with most of the surrounding buffets that can offer many more dishes, but each are mediocre to bad (not to mention cold because of the low turnover). This buffet is rather meat centric, which is great for carnivores like myself. The lamb was tender and of good quality. The chicken makhani was buttery, spicy, and flavorful. They also bring copious amounts of carbs to the table - naan, a tex-mex like puffed rice lump (better than it sounds), and an Italian-like buttered bread with spicy dipping sauce. The service was really good - several waiters hovered around to refill water, take plates, and smile. Overall I was pretty pleased with it. I wish they would have had more than one vegetable offered (I don't like okra, which left me eating meat and bread), but you can't have it all.
I remember the main dishes were very good when I came here for dinner with friends.  The only negative was that the portions of basmati rice we had to order separately were pretty small when ordering them which is the reason for the four stars.
I have been to Dhaba couple of times and I have to say it is my favorite Indian food spot in Manhattan. Every time I go here the place is packed even in the middle of the afternoon around 4 or 5 pm when you expect it to be slow. This speaks a lot about the demand for the food here. It is as good as it gets. My favorite dishes are malai kofta, saag paneer, paneer tika and dal makhani. I would definitely recommend everyone to give this place a try !However do keep in mind the wait time can be long since the place is small and usually crowded.
Hello! This place is BOMB. Sooo good. Walked over to this spot the last time I was in NYC. The paneer tiki masala was on point. The waiter was super sweet too.The only reason I am deducting a star is because its hella crowded in there. I felt like I was sitting on top of the people next to me. Oh and I ordered rice and they never brought it. When I saw it on the bill I wanted to bitch but I had to run back to the hotel to catch the premier of Breaking Bad. The $2 wasn't that important to me.I will be returning the next time I'm in NYC.
I rated 4 stars based on those assumptions: I was looking for a cheap indian lunch, with seated space, low key, close to my work (Gramercy/Flatiron). That being said, I can safely say it was worth 4 stars. They have a full menu but most of the lunch folks opted in, like me, for the $11 buffet + taxes. They have about 10 of the most traditional and standard indian dishes you usually find in indian restaurant from chicken tikka, dal makhni, different type of rices, lamb ragout, swag, etc... Everything seemed fresh and good. I am not a strong connaisseur of that type of food but since I usually order those type of dishes I have a good knowledge to compare. Long story short, if you are in the same setting as me that day, I don't thing you will be disappointed. Add a $4 mango lassi and you get a good lunch.
3.5 stars really. Only because I ordered through seamless and haven't been to the actual restaurant, which seems like an AYCE. I want to go.I got the Samosa (pastry with potato & cauliflower stuffing) and Garlic Naan (bread). The naan was amazingly fluffy and delicious and tasty even though I was originally more excited for the samosa. It was like a fluffed up garlic flavored pizza crust. HahaThe Samosa came in what I would deem, large triangular and deep fried dumplings. They weren't as good as I had expected because I've been to Dosa Hutt from Murray Hill, Flushing. And those, I kid you not, are awesome. I was thinking that these would be like the giant bigger-than-the-plate folded over pancakes that Dosa Hutt serves, instead they were deep fried and dumpling styled..I really really liked the naan though, I'm willing to go search for the restaurant to see what else I can stuff down at their lunch buffet.
Walking down the streets of this area brings you back to the depths of Indian Cuisine.  This restaurant is a gem among the places in this well known area of Murray Hill, aptly named by locals as Curry Hill.  The food and service here are worth the wait.  The server asked us what type of taste and spice level we liked since we could not figure out what to choose from their delectable menu.  He made dishes that really suited our taste. While there maybe a little wait to get in, it is worth every minute!  This is a must for anyone wanting a great taste of India.
When you don't know what to eat among the sea of Indian food choices at Curry Hill, go to Dhaba because it will steer you wrong.From start to finish, Dhaba was nothing but exceptional. I've been here twice for dinner and both times, I was seated promptly and my order was taken quickly.As for the taste of the quality of the food, it's pretty standard compared other Indian naan and curry restaurants. Compared to other Indian restaurants, it's definitely more formal and less hole in the wall. My only gripe is that their curry is served in a deep bowl which makes it difficult to pick up pieces of chicken and curry with the naan and that it is a bit pricey for the food. Other than that, Dhaba is a very solid Indian place to eat.
We went there with our friends, after a long search on yelp for a good halal and indian food place and we nailed it!! dhaba was everything and much more than we expected. i would have given them 5 stars if only the place was less loud and more spacious but i guess they are going for a new hip vibe for the place so, if you don't mind loud music on top of the loud crowd than this is your place for good indian food!!! loved it.
Tons of great Indian food on Curry Hill, but Dhaba delivers the food with the ambiance to match. We split a lentil appetizer, a lamb curry, shrimp curry, and two chicken curries and left stuffed and set up for a rough night because there wasn't much room left to pack in drinks out in the city (but champions perservere). Everything was delicious and when the dust settled, each of our bills came out to ~$30. A steal considering we had a drink with dinner.
Get the lunch buffet to go and eat at Baruch's open-air tables, saving a few bucks and still getting the good food, plus sunshine.
This place is awesome!! The buffet is amazing and always consistent, in terms of the way that the food is cooked.  The other great part is the fresh naan and the Tandoori chicken that they give once you have taken you plate and sat down to start eating.  Really would recommend this place to everyone.  I would go there every thursday when I used to work in NYC.
The afternoon buffet is fantastic! Go butter chicken and as many slices of naan as you like. Service was prompt and restaurant was bursting with loyal customers.
JESUS CHRIST ALMIGHTY, Dhaba kicked my ass!  I was about to stoop to unbuckling my belt standing right in the middle of Lex, but just sucked it up and waddled slowly home.  Very slowly.The combination of spicy and drinking water and lassi so your mouth stops burning and then eating and then num num this is delicious water water holy shit that's hot more water can't stop eating OH GOD just really kicked. my. ass.  Mirch Pakora for appetizers.  Fritters of chili peppers stuffed with potatoes.  Delicious.  Ungodly spicy.  If you get the tail end of the chili pepper all the seeds are concentrated right there and then you die.  We actually got the wrong appetizer at first and didn't realize it.  Even though we ate it, enjoyed it, and had no idea anything was wrong, they still brought us the correct appetizer, apologized for the mix-up and said it was on the house.  I thought it was impeccably good form and really showed the character of the restaurant and its staff. Our entrees were super good.  I had the egg aloo curry, a spicy curry with eggs and potatoes.  It was superb.  The boyfriend had dahiwala murgh, the biggest, juiciest, tenderest pieces of chicken you've ever laid eyes on swimming in a sea of coriander yogurt with onions and cardamom.  It was nice and sweet and was a lifesaver after the chili fritters.The beer list was extensive and they also had interesting cocktails.  I'll definitely be back... if I ever recover.
Ok, so I probably qualify as the pickiest eater EVER, and was extremely, extremely hesitant to try Indian food, however, I caved in and came here for lunch with a coworker. SCORE!!! I walked away an Indian food fan! They have an AMAZING lunch buffet. It's like 10 bucks for all-you-can eat deliciousness!! REALLY?! I had three plates and was about ready to pop when I walked out, but it's something you just can't stop...so good! I am the biggest sucker for bread, and the naan was just absolutely the best bread I have tasted in a while. I could probably sit there and eat it all day.And yes, I can sit there, because the decor is great, and the atmosphere is delightful, as well as the waitstaff!!!This place gets my thumbs up!
Pretty fantastic.My girlfriend and I ate here for our last meal of a long weekend of eating really good food. We'd been wandering around the city all morning - hit the High Line, etc. - and had eaten a light-ish lunch at Eataly earlier in the afternoon. Trying to find something that would be good but not take too long (we had a train to catch), we decided on Indian. We were in the neighbourhood, and this place came up on Yelp.Once again, Yelpers to the rescue. The food here was fantastic, and we were excited to be able to take home a doggy bag so we could experience it for lunch the next day. Both of us got lamb dishes (I got mine from the British curry menu on back; I can't remember where hers came from), and they were cooked perfectly, with just the right amount of spice. The okra appetizer is delicious, too - it's like no other okra I've ever tried, and that's a good thing. I want more! The service was good, too. The man who brought out my food accidentally broke my wine glass as he was putting down my plate; red wine got all over me. But they rushed to me with napkins and such, as well as a new glass of wine. They also brought us a complimentary rice pudding for our trouble, which was excellent - I'm not a huge fan of rice pudding, but I really liked it. (Maybe because it was free?)Anyway, I didn't sweat the spilled wine. It all came out with a little Shout spray a couple days later. I just looked like a tool on the train, particularly when I went to the bar car to get another glass of red. "Oh, look, that alchy spilled wine all over himself!" the other passengers were no doubt saying.I wish we had a place like Dhaba in Washington. We have two of the best Indian restaurants in the country - but they are fine dining-type places. We need more like this: simple, neighbourhood restaurants with takeout and/or delivery that deliver quality meals at reasonable prices.
Mirchi Paneer had no taste. Very noisy.The first time we came here it was great. This was our second time and it was very disappointing.
Delicious food, really nice atmosphere. Only flaw is that the hostess has not ability to judge how long the wait is going to be, even though we made a reservation. I wasn't in a hurry and didn't mind waiting, but that shouldn't have happened.
The Indian food here is superb! I always eat Indian cuisine when traveling and this place is my top 3 across the world.  Very cool atmosphere.  Very clean. Good service. Nice ambience.  Most importantly the food was just everything!
fantastic indian food, good ambiance for couples or small groups less than 10. accept walk ins an usually luck out - not the cheapest but worth every penny, stay on the servers though, they run lean!
A friend brought me here for lunch she said the chicken tikka masala was the best and it was!! for lunch they have a buffet that is only 10$ ...it just doesnt get any cheaper. i also had the pulao/biryani which is also really moist and delicious, as mentioned before the chicken tikka is perfect and creamy and always on point . those are the two dishes that stood out the most to me, but everything else was tasty too. the naans are warm and buttery i hear their gulab jamun is good...if u like that stuff. i will be going back and back again.** only downside is that its a little cramped, tables are very much close together and lunch hours get crowded so you are sitting very close to strangers and they can hear ur conversations as much as u can hear theirs....
I was today for brunch with the same organization I was here with the last time.  We had a reservation for 20. They gave use the center section.  We had the reservation for 20 but about 25 showed up.  Since the place is kind of small for that size group they could only add more tables for just 5 more people.The others had to either sit somewhere else or go somewhere else. The buffet once again in the back.  They had chicken Makhni, some type of lamb curry, chicken biryani, and maybe about 10 more different things. The naan bread was put on the table, not the buffet.  The tandoori chicken was one again served by waiters.The check, when provided, included an automatic gratuity.  So the price per person was $16, which included tax and tip.
Best indian in the area...well priced, cool vibe. I had the chicken tikka masala, a kingfisher and samosas to start. Perfect dinner and never disappointed.
Solid Fresh Indian Food in NYC.   We arrived here at 11 pm on 4th of July after watching fireworks across town.  The place was PACKED!  Almost all South Asians.   I knew I was in the right place!  Authenticity is especially key for Indian food in my opinion as Americanized Indian food can be horrible.  The kitchen was slammed and our food took a while to come out but the manager of the restaurant personally apologized to us and explained that some of the staff left early expecting a slow night.  We ordered two Indo-Chinese dishes.  The Chili Chicken and Veggie Fried Rice were excellent.  We also got another veggie curry which was excellent.  The food here is solid and I want to go back for the lunch buffet to try more items.Also, spend a few minutes to walk around Lexington Ave.. What a nice collection of eateries and quite a community.
Def love love love this lunch buffet. My favorites were the Paneer saag, the chicken Tikka marsala, and the chicken tikka that they bring around even AFTER you have filled up your plate with good stuff.  They also bring naan and some other item to the table.  You will leave stuffed and happy for the $11 you pay.  Also, the decor is awesome, very trendy.  Not a sketchy looking place like others I have seen.  In fact, its quite nice.
Came here with a group of people for dinner because Kokum next door had a 30 minute wait. While we were seated promptly, everything else about dinner was terrible.First of all, the food is completely overrated. The tandoori chicken was dry, the chickpeas in the aloo tikki chaat were disgusting little dry seeds; they initially forgot to bring the raita with the biriyani (which was the only good dish), and got an appetizer order wrong because they simply weren't listening.That seems to be a theme: the waiters weren't listening. And they weren't talking either--the service was absolutely terrible. Instead of asking us whether we were done, someone just stood at the table waving his hands, not saying anything, and eventually just grabbing plates. I understand that much of the staff doesn't seem to speak English well, but the main server that did was the absolute worst: he was rude when taking orders, and at the end, when we asked about the separate checks policy, he said he couldn't do that, then clarified that he just didn't *want* to do that--so he just mumbled something and walked away. I understand it's a pain for restaurants to split checks, but I shouldn't have to hunt down several servers just to clarify questions about the check and how a large group could pay. And even though we were a large group, we were never told at the beginning that each bill could only be paid for with two credit cards--to the best of my knowledge, this is also not stated anywhere on the menu.I'm not coming back here again, because the food simply isn't worth the terrible service. I was interested in trying Kokum next door, but now that I know it's owned and run by the same people, I'm not so sure I even want to go there.
Great Indian food. I got a mild dish, chicken korma and it was delicious. The garlic nan went perfectly with it. The only thing is that neither rice or nan come with any of the dishes so you must order them with dish if you would like otherwise you would only have curry. Definitely, will go back when ever I am craving some Indian food again!
Love this place. It is even great for take out/delivery which I think is rare for Indian food. The only item on the menu that has ever disappointed me was the vegetable samosas. There vegtarian and vegan menue is awesome. I took a friend here who keeps a strict vegan diet and she was pleased with the selection. It is quite loud though... good place to go with friends!
We came here for the lunch buffet at around 12:30pm on Friday. The place was crowded but we were seated right away. The decor was trendy and this place was pretty popular, which is a good sign. Water and naan was brought to our table and we went to the buffet to get some food. They have the usual basmati rice and chicken tikka masala along with a rice with lamb, saag (spinach), etc. The food was good and I thought the chicken tikka masala was cooked perfectly. It was juicy and moist. The lamb was a little dry for my taste but I girlfriend loved the taste. The naan was hot and fresh. We also ordered mango lassis and they were delicious. One complaint is the limited dessert selection. They only had gulab jamun. I've seen other lunch buffets include rice pudding and mango pudding. Total bill for two came to about $39 (including tax and tip) for two lunch buffet and two mango lassis.
Came twice for the affordable $10 buffet.Being immediately seated,encouraged to directly head for the buffet, awesome buffet choices, complimentary savory fritters at the beginning,  along with tandoori chicken, and aloo tikki and awesome service makes this THE place to eat. The chicken tikka masala, rice, yogurt and cilantro sauces, along with the daal are my favorite. This place was packed during the buffet hours (and I can see why =] )
The food served here is very close to home made Indian food. the flavors are great and very authentic. this place could be over crowded and noisy at times but that speaks about how famous the place is.
AWESOME food.  You really get your money's worth!!What most people say is true!!  Seriously for $9.95 a person, where can you get such an amazing lunch deal that doesn't force you to leave after an hour or so like other limited buffet places?I just came back from having lunch with my friend here.  This is my second time and I'm still satisfy with everything.  You get a wide range of selections from tiki chicken masala to other types of meat. (I was very busy just spooning everything on my plate - didn't have time to take notice to the placement cards with the names of things).I love how I can go to the buffet area and get the food I want AND they give each table cripsy & fluffy naan plus an appetizer to share.  So you're paying $9.95, not just for buffet but buffet + basket of naan + appetizer.  WHAT?  Yes, amazing!!I LOVE LOVE LOVE that spinach dip looking and tasting dish they have.  I literally couldn't stop going back for more :X haha
Outstanding!  Butter chicken -bold flavors with tender pieces of chicken all melted together in harmony.Saag paneer -well balanced dish of chopped spinach with delicious cubes of paneer.  Classic one for all.Nan -garlic delish but wondering why it comes in a styrofoam plate? Which makes it soggy.Papadum -oh so fun and spicy to eat.Samosa -ordered as an after thought  --You know when the person asks "anything else?"  --immediately you think it's not enough food and you answer ---samosa!  Dough was thick, gummy and way too salty. Mango chutney $2Samosa $545 min delivery showed up as promised.portions plenty rich flavors, homemade taste.
Unfortunately the four stars indicated on yelp for Dhaba is beyond deceitful. Never had such atrocious food in my life!! My girlfriend and I ordered Bhel Puri Chatt, Goa fish curry, palak paneer, Naan! I swear I ALMOST THREW UP RIGHT THERE ON THE PLATE. The Chatt was 90 percent spoiled yogurt; hence, we ate only 1 percent of it. The Goan fish nor the palak paneer had flavor whatsoever and was some how sweet like if I was eating candy!! Therefore, I being an aficionado of Indian food, would not recommend this place at all!! I am truly befuddled by the four stars average.
Horrible service. The waiters were extremely rude and ignorant. The food was cold and dry. There are many other Indian restaurants on Lexington avenue, so give this one a miss.
This review is only for the lunch buffet.The lunch buffet is a good deal at $11, but the food here is squarely three stars. The food is not particularly flavorful, and except for the chicken tikka masala and the lamb vindaloo, everything else tastes just like variations of the same thing in a sauce. The meats they used were also not of good quality but it was decent. The naan is somewhat tough, but when it's warm, it's pretty good. One of the servers goes around giving out some kind of chicken drumstick, that's somewhat tasty. Overall, I think it's a well-priced joint for lunch when you're craving Indian food and don't want to spend $20 on a dish, but it's definitely not my favorite Indian food.
I don't get it. The food was average but the service was so terrible I would never go back. On a not so crowded weekday afternoon for dinner, it took out wait too longer to get our initial order. Then, they brought our food and forgot our rice. After the waiter tried to argue with us about whether we ordered the rice(we did!) it took forever to get the rice.  Ready to order dessert but no waiter to be found so we just asked for our check from another waiter which also took forever to come. Probably some of the least attentive, slowest service I've experienced and to be fair we are usually pretty laid back but this was ridiculous. No thanks, to many other options in town and too expensive for such terrible service.
Great food! Loved the street food appetizers. Chicken tikka masala was perfect. The naan was a bit crunchier than I typically prefer. Really loud atmosphere, but worth the noise.
I'm in love with this place.  How fabulously nice was the waiter to 'special order' somefthing from the menu for me.  I wanted a chicken dish with coconut in it, because I'd had an awesome indian dish like that once before - and I was craving it and ... just like that he created it for me.  The naan was awesomely delicious and the sham savera starter was really great if you like cheese.  I ordered the DAHIWALA MURGH (and coconut was added) and it was SOOOOOOOO good.  I'm coming back for 2nd's and 3rd's for this stuff.It's a cozy little spot, but well worth it for the great flavors that this place is making.  this indian spot totally deservesevery star I gave it.
One of the best Indian lunch buffet Ive had period.  Most everything they offered was good, if not great.  One thing that stands out about this buffet is that the restaurant looks and feels clean.  Also they come around with freshly cooked items like the tandoori kitchen that isnt just sitting the large vats thats heated by a candle.  Their tandoori kitchen is the best Ive had period.  The chicken tikka was also very good but Biryani cart is better.  Their other offerings were all very well seasoned.  I had about 2 packed plates of goodness and later passed out for 4 hours, yes it was that good.  What a great way to get the rest I deserved after a long week.  If this place wasnt so far from me I would go at least twice a month.
The food here was pretty good, though for dinner it's definitely pricey.  The place can get crowded on a weekend night, and I don't know if this was an isolated innocent, but our service was ridiculously slow.  The food took such a long time to come out.  I ordered some of my favorite Indian dishes, chicken tikka masala and saag paneer and I have to say that the food was good, but not great.Overall, a very solid place to go.  Prices are a bit high for this style of food, but the food is good.  I definitely want to come back to try out the lunch buffet.
Decent place for a lunch buffet. Chicken biryani that tastes good, decent selection of curries. Paratha sucks!
I've only gotten take out from Dhaba, because every time I peer into the restaurant, it is chock full of people (at least around dinnertime).We tried delivery from this place one day because we saw that they had a decent priced lunch deal. Murgh Jalfrezi [chicken, onions, okra, ginger, spicy tangy] and chicken tikka were REALLY good. I know they probably scooped it right out of the pot they were making for the sit-in buffet (which is about $10ish).. but who cares. $8.95 - and enough to last 2 meals. So tasty. Now I really want to go in and try the buffet, but I know for a fact that I'll overeat and want to vomit. I'd go in to sample all the dishes so I know what to order for lunch next time! We were definitely impressed.
I have nothing smart or sarcastic to say. Just like to say this place has the best lemonade I've ever had and you can chose the sex of your goat.
$9.95 for a nice lunch buffet in this pretty cute little place in curry hill was quite a treat :) I've always appreciate good flavors and spices of Indian cuisine. Thank God we came right before the lunch rush and didn't have to wait in line for a table, they get packed fast...within minutes there were no more seats left. ^_^The food: Good variety I would say good for both herbivores and omnivores.It wasn't just a buffet, they brought out deep fried mushrooms with a variety of sauces to taste. The Naan was crispy and fluffy, which I loved! ...And the waitors came around with platters of tandoori chicken for everyone.  @_@ It was the best lunch I've had all week.
We popped in for lunch buffet yesterday. It was really good. The buffet had a nice variety of meat and vegetarian dishes though the tikka masala seemed a little lacking in meat by the time we got to the buffet.We got there at about 12:15 and it was already busy and by the time we left at 1, there was a line. They open at 12 during the week so my recommendation is to get there early.
One of my favorite places on Lexington. Among all the hustle and bustle of Indian Cuisine, Dhaba continues to stand apart from the pack. Shiva Natarajan continues to raise the bar of Indian Cuisine with this venture. I ordered a Chicken Tikka Masala (my yardstick for any indian place) and it's one of the best in the city. Also had the Lamb Korma and WoW - delicious! The flaky naan goes so well with all the dishes. Don't forget the chaat section in the appetizers. The servers are extremely courteous and ready with every beckon call. I think our group of 8 asked way too many questions, but they continued their patience with our crazy bunch and made us feel at home. Decor and cleanliness is something I personally care about a lot when I visit an Indian place, and not only because of the A, but you can see even the nooks and cranny of the restaurant being in excellent condition. We will be back again soon. This was such a hit with all my friends that we are already planning our next visit there. Keep up the amazing-ness, Dhaba!
Great food, good service, nice prices. Totally dependable service. Can't go wrong with this place!
I took my son and his wife to Dhaba's while visiting NYC. Indian cuisine was completely new to them and my experience has been limited. But the servers were ever so helpful in guiding our selections and we all ended up having some of the most delicious food we've ever found anywhere!  The food can be spicy which my daughter-in-law does not care for but they were able to recommend plenty of things on the menu that were fine for her. I love the heat and they can make it hotter if you wish.  Service was perfect. Timing was just right - everything came out sizzling hot and perfectly done.  Great decor and ambiance. A little tight for space but I guess that is normal for NYC. I will definitely be back.
Loved Dhaba! Got the Chicken Tikka Masala which was delicious along with some paneer naan and basmati rice. The naan complimented the dish well and the curry sauce was extremely flavorful, and the mango lassi I drank was very sweet and went down nicely. Also a plus: the portions are very sizable which was a pleasant surprise so one dish could easily be split or you can take home the leftovers. Definitely coming back sometime to try some of their lamb dishes.
Oh hell to the no!I was so utterly disappointed by the brunch on Sunday.I do not like stews. There was nothing else on the buffet!!!No samosas!?!?! Are you kidding? Nan delivered to the table ONCE?!?!?!No dry boneless chicken tikka?!?!?The place is beautiful and clean but I would never go back for that buffet.
Quick!  The Tikki Masala is just a huge batch they scoop up once you order but it is good.  I wish they gave us more sauce.
love this place... it is one of my favorite indian places in the city. I have not been disappointed with anything I have ordered so far, and the service is super fast. love it!
Inconsistent quality. We came for the lunch buffet. The curries were very good with a rich flavor. But I was surprised when they brought us pakoras and naan because both were so poor in quality that it almost didn't seem like the same restaurant made them! We were given a plate of four pakoras the size of my fingernail and they were stone cold. It looked like a plate of crumbs picked out of the deep fryer. The naan was heavy and tasted like white bread. Combined with the service (no one said a word to us, no one asked how anything was), I won't be returning.
How did I go this long without trying Dhaba? I guess that's what happens when there are 500 indian restaurants spanning a few blocks. The food was some of the best north Indian cuisine I've had in NYC (yes, I'm Indian, and that has to add some validity.) Granted I guzzled down some Zico Coconut water to neutralize the spice, but it was just so worth it. Fantastic food. Love me some garlic naan...yummy.Quick tips: Make a reservation; Food is a little pricey; they take only a max of 2 credit cards per table...I mean, who came up with that ridiculous rule? One star taken off. Dhaba, I'll be back.
Best Indian food on the strip. The quality is consistent and the staff are nice. I recommend their lunch buffet; it's reasonably priced and they bring out naan, appetizers and chicken for the table.
Horrible. I will definitely not come back. First off the service is horrible. They don't cater to you when you need them and I literally had to ask for naan 3 times before they brought it. Secondly the space is so tiny and then it's packed to the rim. The tables are placed only 3-4inches appart so a skinny person can't even fit through to get to their seat. Last but not least, the food. Their buffet is so limited you won't find what you expect at least compared to other indian buffets. There were no samosas and their biryani looked like white rice with curry poured on top. Not even all the rice was covered and half of it was still white. Okay, granted, their chicken tikka masala tasted good but it was disgustingly heavy. I couldn't even get through 1 spoonful and I didn't have much on my plate. Their naan was oily and delicious none the less, but it got to me by the time I finished my plate. What's the point?
I love Indian food, and this restaurant has great Indian food!This place is always crowded, so you can tell they serve great food!For appetizers, I got the chole paturey which is basically fried bread with chickpeas - the flavor of the chickpeas were out of this world. I love eating flavorful food, and this was fantastic!!For the main dish, can't go wrong with the chicken tikka masala and naans. Naans are like bread. You dip the naan into the chicken tikka masala and eat it, and ahhh it's absolutely divine! Totally recommend this place!
Excellent food!Love all their food here. My favorite is the Tandoori chicken, seasoned perfectly, slightly charred, and spicy! The lunch buffet is a fantastic deal! $10 with several types of dishes available, including tandoori drumsticks the server brings around to each table. Finish your lunch with some creamy rice pudding that will coat your stomach in milky gooey goodness.The hot chai is pretty small I'd recommend getting one of the many different types of lassi drinks available. Those are fairly large and go especially well with the spicy dishes. Space can be a bit cramped, and this is not a place to linger long due to that, but the food more then makes up for it!
This place is terrific: tasty, authentic Indian food, variety in the lunch buffet, and wonderful service. Some Indian restaurants are veggie only, but carnivores out there are in luck at Dhaba. Chicken, lamb, and meat (oh my?).They gave us several free dishes and nan on top of the buffet offerings. Strategic, perhaps, but it shows great attention to detail and generosity to customers. Try it!
This is my third time in dhaba and I get to try better and better options! Salted lassi , malai kabab , lamb biriyani! One of my every time destination when I visit NYC :D
This was my first Indian restaurant experience in almost 8 months! I was so excited to eat here and the place definitely lived up to my expectations & excitement.I had reservations and they actually let me sit down before my friend was there which I really appreciated. They were very attentive with the water refills and maybe slightly slow on the alcoholic drinks & checking back in but that evened itself out I think.The food was so delicious! Me & my friend split nan, rice & chicken tikki marsala which was too much food for us even! We had leftovers to take home - so be warned now, you can definitely share food when there!I will definitely be planning on coming back and really enjoyed the experience and food (yummy)!~Katie
This was my second time at Dhaba. I went here on Sunday Afternoon .... Ordered the Shrimp curry which was average and the Chicken Kaali Mirch which turned out to be sweet ... the garlic naan was chewy I liked the chaas (buttermilk) and would definitely reccomend thatMake sure you have a reservation here as this place was crowded ....
Food was good but 2 stars for the following:Lighting is VERY dim, it's virtually impossible to read the menu.  I get that they are trying to set the mood/ambiance but it is EXTREMELY DARK!  Second, as someone else mentioned, the attitude of the waiter who took our order and the "order girl" were less than inviting!  This was my first visit and probably my last!  I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo which was very good but my boyfriends dish was VERY DRY (especially the chicken) and he loves Indian food!  Probably won't return unless Tamba is crowded, I'm starving & have little money!  Only plus is the price, reasonable, otherwise I wouldn't reccomend ;(
Fun, trendy and modern aren't words you would usually use to describe an Indian restaurant, especially one in Curry Hill. BUT, this place is all those things, and offers some of the most delicious Indian food I've had in New York City. We had the Goa fish curry, Dal Makhani, samosas and some basmati rice. Though they pushed the naan liked nobody's business, we didn't order any (though maybe we should have, it looked absolutely delicious). The curry was fantastic with large chunks of flaky white fish, chock full of curry leaves and chilis with lots of coconut and tamarind flavor (I was in Southern India earlier this year, and eating this curry totally brought me back there) . The dal was totally solid. I could have eaten just a bowl of that and been a very happy  woman. My only complaint is that there are just too many more wonderfully mouth-watering things I want to try here....
I came here with my 6 of my co-workers for my goodbye lunch and i liked the buffet selections. They seem to provide alot of meat dishes though (yay!), and not too many vegetarian options. I think there were only 3 veggie dishes. also, they'll come by your table with warm naan, tandoori chicken and these fried potato balls, which are pretty good. only one choice for dessert, which is super sweet like all indian desserts. it tasted like mashed up gulab jamun. i did note that the buffet-set up in this place is less refined than the other indian restaurants i've been to. It is also a small, tight space with not much room to walk between tables or ponder too long at the buffet table wondering what the hell each food item is. Don't recommend coming here with more than a group of 6 during rush lunch hour.
My friend and I ventured up to Curry Hill for some Indian food a few short weeks ago. I yelped some nearby good indian restaurants and Dhaba appeared! I made reservations for 9pm on a Friday night. We arrived early after spending the day shopping and were extremely exhausted. Hoping to be seated early, we arrived a few minutes close to 9. The host-- I'm guessing the manager-- welcomed us and told us to stand by the bar. He said it would be only a few short minutes to be seated. Understandably since we arrived a few minutes early we stood by the bar. The decor inside is quite fun. I love the overhanging lights. My feet were killing me from the day of shopping and all I wanted was to sit down. 15 Minutes go by, and we still haven't been seated. There is practically no standing room available near the bar. Everyone is constantly rushing by you and some waitors even bumped into us!!!! The food smelt delicious... so we decided to stick it out. After 25 m of waiting, it was now 9:23pm. Starving...we were seated. The seating is very cramped. The single tables allow for no room to exit or enter which makes it difficult if you have to use washroom. We both ordered chicken tikka masala, garlic naan and rice. I was surprised that we had to order rice separately.... Why is this?!??! Garlic naan was very good and the chicken was also delicious. We ate so fast because we were starving and 25 m later we had the bill. We kindly asked for them to split the bill. For some reason they couldn't do this properly. After carefully laying out the instructions, the mess up twice! We didn't order any drinks and our bill came to 45$ together. Honestly, there are many other places that are cheaper and still as good. Most likely will not return.
After running 6 miles on a Saturday morning, I was looking forward to lunch in Chinatown with my gal pals.  I was imagining the noodles, dumplings, and roast duck when they told me we were going to eat in Midtown instead.  WTF.Starving and grumpy, I entered Dhaba, my mind still fixated on Chinese food.  Well, the makhani chicken pecked the duck away, the aloo matar crowded out the dumplings, and the lamb vindaloo burned the noodles.Okay, that was a poetic (and extraneous) way to say that Dhaba's buffet rocks.  $9.95 for a Saturday lunch, with a great selection (meats, veggies, fresh nan at the table, chicken tandoori), and friendly service that keeps your water glass full and dirty plates off the table.  Despite the great deal, there doesn't seem to be much of a wait, so you don't feel rushed.  We just sat, chatting, well after our meal and they kept refilling our water.  Nice touch!
Great vegan choices with fabulous taste and VERY reasonable. I think it takes a great chef to infuse  a lot of heat w/o being obnoxious. They do it here, I'd love to learn their tricks!
Indian food is like that exotic girlfriend you wish you had. You want her hot, but not too hot, so you can show her to mom. Well, Dhaba is like that exotic girlfriend. She has the perfect amount of every quality that you look in a girl. OK, enough of the girlfriend analogy.Dhaba is a very impressive Indian restaurant. Starting from the cozy atmosphere, the cool music, the modern feel, and even though it was a bit crowded, just enough to be comfortable. Why wouldn't it be crowded? This is place is awesome! Starting from the top with the "chips and salsa" as the ignorant me would call it. It is amazing that I would be impressed with their crusty chips and their salsa, but it's that good! I proceeded to order salted Lassi, and again - flawless, fresh. In case anyone doesn't know what this is, it's a yogurt drink and you can also order it sweet, but I cannot vouch for that.For the main course ordered the Biryani(rice with chicken,or other meats), Chicken tikka masala, and naan bread. The tikka masala sauce was very creamy, and slightly spicy, but the naan helped ease the spiciness. The naan is very good also, it just tastes so fresh. the biryani was also very tasty. I am now a friend of Dhaba...but I wish we were more than friends ;).
Great indian food at a fair price. First time in New York, and very surprised by the quality of indian food here. I had the lamb vindaloo. Lamb was nicely cooked to a tender finish, the curry was spicy! Just the way I liked it. The mango lassi is lovely - nice and creamy. Service is attentive, if a little impersonal. Let's just say the wait staff are functional - they get stuff done. Got a rare smile from the last waiter to bring me my check, but that was it. Probably not a good idea to come for a date. When I was there, the place was very noisy. It might be due to the design, which causes noise to bounce around. However, that's the way I've known indian restaurants to be the world around - crowded, boisterous and spicy!
Some of the BEST Indian food to be found. Service isn't typical American but more Indian. So, RELAX, enjoy the food and don't complain if you aren't served at lightening speed.
Okay, as an Indian who spends most of her time exploring restaurants that serve Indian food in this city, I feel qualified to rank this place. I give it a 4 because, the majority of the times I've been here, the dishes have always satisfied. The lamb kebab is perfection (but the quantity may vary...which is annoying). The tikka masala and the vindaloos are both terrific, standard dishes, but the chats are just okay and the samosas are nothing to write home about. Their cocktails are pretty good (if not a bit overpriced) and they have a decent wine list. Overall, I like it and will recommend it. I bring my non-Indian friends here and they're always happy! It's probably the closest to authentic you can get without trekking to Jackson Heights.
My boyfriend and I stopped into Dhaba around 8:45pm on a Thursday night (following the Yelp Snow Ball, actually). It was jammed and we had to wait 30 minutes for a table, which was awkward since there isn't really a designated waiting area, but it was worth it! We shared the chicken tikka masala, which was excellent. We also tried the habanero naan bread...which was super tasty, but also SUPER spicy (you have been forewarned).
Dhaba is located in what is probably the Little India of NYC. Pretty much stayed safe on the food. Have had all these dishes before at other Indian restaurants and this place was definitely up there as one of the tastiest. I'm partial to more of the creamier version of butter chicken and this was excellent. Atmosphere was definitely unlike any Indian restaurant I've been to before, very modern and noisy. I like it.Indian lunch buffet for $9.99 is excellent as well... this is my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC now!!
I loved the food here. Paneer Kali mirch is my favorite, next time I visit NYC, I am surely eating here again
Talk of the town this place is crazy busy we had a 8.30 reservation and were seated upon arrival. Very nice decor. Food and service was excellent a good vibe to the block punjabi style.
the only reason I went there was because of the reviewsthe menu had food on it and thats so disgustingthe bathroom was so dirtyfood was so over pricedbut the atmosphere was great food was not badand most importantly our waiter was really goodthe one advise I have for the owner is it doesn't cost money to keep things clean
Pleasent and quick service with a fun atmosphere. The lamb was tender, Paneer Pakora was good. However, the taste of the curry and Biryani was bland.
Amazing food. Every dish that we ordered at this place was just fantastic. Esp the chaas is amazing here as it is offered only in a handful of restaurants.
Just left Dhaba for lunch today, and I must say this place has taken a big step back.I was rushed at every step (sit down, EAT, and leave!).  No one offered me a drink and the gentleman that took my credit card (looked like an owner perhaps?) dissapeared out of site for almost ten minutes.  I used to LOVE the food, and the service was good.  Today's expereince reminded me there are a half dozen all stars on Lexington to go to if you want great Indian.  Dhaba has definatley lost its star.  No kidding, they practically ripped the credit card receipt out of my hands before I finished signing it!  All that, with now average food and its just not worth it.
Very tasty food!  Unique decor.  Low key ambiance (or at least it was at the early time on a Thursday we went).Service was good but a bit slow and spotty...they started off very attentive but then we were left for long bits of time with no attention and where we couldn't even flag any wait staff down.  This was more so an issue b/c we went for an early dinner and so it was not that busy.  There should have been no excuse for slow service.One thing that I tend to look for, whether it is relevant to the quality of the food or not, is the diversity in the crowd...and there was an amazing mix of people at this restaurant!  Overall, a great spot to try!
The other reviewers are right. This place has great food. I had a dish with spinach and mustard greens. Usually, I don't stray from saag paneer; but I'm glad I did. This dish was fabulous. My boyfriend had veggie korma, and it was good as well - creamy and sweet. We went on a Saturday evening  around 6:00 pm, just before the place suddenly filled up. Lesson learned? Go early.
Food was good but 2 stars for the following:Lighting is VERY dim, it's virtually impossible to read the menu.  I get that they are trying to set the mood/ambiance but it is EXTREMELY DARK!  Second, as someone else mentioned, the attitude of the waiter who took our order and the "order girl" were less than inviting!  This was my first visit and probably my last!  I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo which was very good but my boyfriends dish was VERY DRY (especially the chicken) and he loves Indian food!  Probably won't return unless Tamba is crowded, I'm starving & have little money!  Only plus is the price, reasonable, otherwise I wouldn't reccomend ;(
Fun, trendy and modern aren't words you would usually use to describe an Indian restaurant, especially one in Curry Hill. BUT, this place is all those things, and offers some of the most delicious Indian food I've had in New York City. We had the Goa fish curry, Dal Makhani, samosas and some basmati rice. Though they pushed the naan liked nobody's business, we didn't order any (though maybe we should have, it looked absolutely delicious). The curry was fantastic with large chunks of flaky white fish, chock full of curry leaves and chilis with lots of coconut and tamarind flavor (I was in Southern India earlier this year, and eating this curry totally brought me back there) . The dal was totally solid. I could have eaten just a bowl of that and been a very happy  woman. My only complaint is that there are just too many more wonderfully mouth-watering things I want to try here....
I came here with my 6 of my co-workers for my goodbye lunch and i liked the buffet selections. They seem to provide alot of meat dishes though (yay!), and not too many vegetarian options. I think there were only 3 veggie dishes. also, they'll come by your table with warm naan, tandoori chicken and these fried potato balls, which are pretty good. only one choice for dessert, which is super sweet like all indian desserts. it tasted like mashed up gulab jamun. i did note that the buffet-set up in this place is less refined than the other indian restaurants i've been to. It is also a small, tight space with not much room to walk between tables or ponder too long at the buffet table wondering what the hell each food item is. Don't recommend coming here with more than a group of 6 during rush lunch hour.
My friend and I ventured up to Curry Hill for some Indian food a few short weeks ago. I yelped some nearby good indian restaurants and Dhaba appeared! I made reservations for 9pm on a Friday night. We arrived early after spending the day shopping and were extremely exhausted. Hoping to be seated early, we arrived a few minutes close to 9. The host-- I'm guessing the manager-- welcomed us and told us to stand by the bar. He said it would be only a few short minutes to be seated. Understandably since we arrived a few minutes early we stood by the bar. The decor inside is quite fun. I love the overhanging lights. My feet were killing me from the day of shopping and all I wanted was to sit down. 15 Minutes go by, and we still haven't been seated. There is practically no standing room available near the bar. Everyone is constantly rushing by you and some waitors even bumped into us!!!! The food smelt delicious... so we decided to stick it out. After 25 m of waiting, it was now 9:23pm. Starving...we were seated. The seating is very cramped. The single tables allow for no room to exit or enter which makes it difficult if you have to use washroom. We both ordered chicken tikka masala, garlic naan and rice. I was surprised that we had to order rice separately.... Why is this?!??! Garlic naan was very good and the chicken was also delicious. We ate so fast because we were starving and 25 m later we had the bill. We kindly asked for them to split the bill. For some reason they couldn't do this properly. After carefully laying out the instructions, the mess up twice! We didn't order any drinks and our bill came to 45$ together. Honestly, there are many other places that are cheaper and still as good. Most likely will not return.
After running 6 miles on a Saturday morning, I was looking forward to lunch in Chinatown with my gal pals.  I was imagining the noodles, dumplings, and roast duck when they told me we were going to eat in Midtown instead.  WTF.Starving and grumpy, I entered Dhaba, my mind still fixated on Chinese food.  Well, the makhani chicken pecked the duck away, the aloo matar crowded out the dumplings, and the lamb vindaloo burned the noodles.Okay, that was a poetic (and extraneous) way to say that Dhaba's buffet rocks.  $9.95 for a Saturday lunch, with a great selection (meats, veggies, fresh nan at the table, chicken tandoori), and friendly service that keeps your water glass full and dirty plates off the table.  Despite the great deal, there doesn't seem to be much of a wait, so you don't feel rushed.  We just sat, chatting, well after our meal and they kept refilling our water.  Nice touch!
Great vegan choices with fabulous taste and VERY reasonable. I think it takes a great chef to infuse  a lot of heat w/o being obnoxious. They do it here, I'd love to learn their tricks!
Indian food is like that exotic girlfriend you wish you had. You want her hot, but not too hot, so you can show her to mom. Well, Dhaba is like that exotic girlfriend. She has the perfect amount of every quality that you look in a girl. OK, enough of the girlfriend analogy.Dhaba is a very impressive Indian restaurant. Starting from the cozy atmosphere, the cool music, the modern feel, and even though it was a bit crowded, just enough to be comfortable. Why wouldn't it be crowded? This is place is awesome! Starting from the top with the "chips and salsa" as the ignorant me would call it. It is amazing that I would be impressed with their crusty chips and their salsa, but it's that good! I proceeded to order salted Lassi, and again - flawless, fresh. In case anyone doesn't know what this is, it's a yogurt drink and you can also order it sweet, but I cannot vouch for that.For the main course ordered the Biryani(rice with chicken,or other meats), Chicken tikka masala, and naan bread. The tikka masala sauce was very creamy, and slightly spicy, but the naan helped ease the spiciness. The naan is very good also, it just tastes so fresh. the biryani was also very tasty. I am now a friend of Dhaba...but I wish we were more than friends ;).
Great indian food at a fair price. First time in New York, and very surprised by the quality of indian food here. I had the lamb vindaloo. Lamb was nicely cooked to a tender finish, the curry was spicy! Just the way I liked it. The mango lassi is lovely - nice and creamy. Service is attentive, if a little impersonal. Let's just say the wait staff are functional - they get stuff done. Got a rare smile from the last waiter to bring me my check, but that was it. Probably not a good idea to come for a date. When I was there, the place was very noisy. It might be due to the design, which causes noise to bounce around. However, that's the way I've known indian restaurants to be the world around - crowded, boisterous and spicy!
Some of the BEST Indian food to be found. Service isn't typical American but more Indian. So, RELAX, enjoy the food and don't complain if you aren't served at lightening speed.
Okay, as an Indian who spends most of her time exploring restaurants that serve Indian food in this city, I feel qualified to rank this place. I give it a 4 because, the majority of the times I've been here, the dishes have always satisfied. The lamb kebab is perfection (but the quantity may vary...which is annoying). The tikka masala and the vindaloos are both terrific, standard dishes, but the chats are just okay and the samosas are nothing to write home about. Their cocktails are pretty good (if not a bit overpriced) and they have a decent wine list. Overall, I like it and will recommend it. I bring my non-Indian friends here and they're always happy! It's probably the closest to authentic you can get without trekking to Jackson Heights.
My boyfriend and I stopped into Dhaba around 8:45pm on a Thursday night (following the Yelp Snow Ball, actually). It was jammed and we had to wait 30 minutes for a table, which was awkward since there isn't really a designated waiting area, but it was worth it! We shared the chicken tikka masala, which was excellent. We also tried the habanero naan bread...which was super tasty, but also SUPER spicy (you have been forewarned).
Dhaba is located in what is probably the Little India of NYC. Pretty much stayed safe on the food. Have had all these dishes before at other Indian restaurants and this place was definitely up there as one of the tastiest. I'm partial to more of the creamier version of butter chicken and this was excellent. Atmosphere was definitely unlike any Indian restaurant I've been to before, very modern and noisy. I like it.Indian lunch buffet for $9.99 is excellent as well... this is my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC now!!
I loved the food here. Paneer Kali mirch is my favorite, next time I visit NYC, I am surely eating here again
Talk of the town this place is crazy busy we had a 8.30 reservation and were seated upon arrival. Very nice decor. Food and service was excellent a good vibe to the block punjabi style.
the only reason I went there was because of the reviewsthe menu had food on it and thats so disgustingthe bathroom was so dirtyfood was so over pricedbut the atmosphere was great food was not badand most importantly our waiter was really goodthe one advise I have for the owner is it doesn't cost money to keep things clean
Pleasent and quick service with a fun atmosphere. The lamb was tender, Paneer Pakora was good. However, the taste of the curry and Biryani was bland.
Amazing food. Every dish that we ordered at this place was just fantastic. Esp the chaas is amazing here as it is offered only in a handful of restaurants.
Just left Dhaba for lunch today, and I must say this place has taken a big step back.I was rushed at every step (sit down, EAT, and leave!).  No one offered me a drink and the gentleman that took my credit card (looked like an owner perhaps?) dissapeared out of site for almost ten minutes.  I used to LOVE the food, and the service was good.  Today's expereince reminded me there are a half dozen all stars on Lexington to go to if you want great Indian.  Dhaba has definatley lost its star.  No kidding, they practically ripped the credit card receipt out of my hands before I finished signing it!  All that, with now average food and its just not worth it.
Very tasty food!  Unique decor.  Low key ambiance (or at least it was at the early time on a Thursday we went).Service was good but a bit slow and spotty...they started off very attentive but then we were left for long bits of time with no attention and where we couldn't even flag any wait staff down.  This was more so an issue b/c we went for an early dinner and so it was not that busy.  There should have been no excuse for slow service.One thing that I tend to look for, whether it is relevant to the quality of the food or not, is the diversity in the crowd...and there was an amazing mix of people at this restaurant!  Overall, a great spot to try!
The other reviewers are right. This place has great food. I had a dish with spinach and mustard greens. Usually, I don't stray from saag paneer; but I'm glad I did. This dish was fabulous. My boyfriend had veggie korma, and it was good as well - creamy and sweet. We went on a Saturday evening  around 6:00 pm, just before the place suddenly filled up. Lesson learned? Go early.
A class restaurant with A class ambiance , and service too. Totally recommended for the variety of food from samosa to paau vaaji ,definitely will go there to fulfill my indian dish craving .
This is a review for takeout. This review is being written before I even taste my food. This is a review for (bad) service.My experience:- I get here, and have to wait for AT LEAST 10 minutes before the hostess will talk to me. Its not like she isn't there, I can see her a few yards away,  somehow prioritizing aiding the 3 busboys who are clearing a table while I (and several other customers) wait to be spoken to. -1 star-The waitress finally deigns to speak with me. I mention that I had placed a takeout order on seamlessweb. She extremely rudely brushes me off, and tells me that takeout orders are handle at the bar. -1 star-I get to the bar, and the woman behind informs me that they decided not to take my order (placed 30 minutes prior), because they were out of the dish that I had ordered. Thanks for the heads up. -2 stars-The woman behind the bar is actually very polite and apologetic, and agrees to sub my dish for another (more expensive) one off the menu. The food is ready very promptly considering (under 10 minutes from this point). +1 star5 -1 -1 -2 + 1 = 2if I choose to eat here again I might update the review and talk about the food. Too mad to do that right now.
This is a great restaurant in Murray Hill, which is hard considering the dozens of other Indian options nearby. I have no complaints about the food, and they give huge portions that make great leftovers. Huge appetizers could basically be a meal if you're not starving, and the chicken tikki masala is the best I've ever had (and lasts me three meals). It's pricier than others but worth the money for the portion size. Also delivers reasonably quickly even if you live on the edge of their delivery zone.
This place has really gone down hill.  Shame.
Yum.  Spicy but yum!  Took the bf out for a curry to see how they compare to the curry houses he visits across the pond in England.  Living close to curry hill I wasn't sure which one to try, so of course I trusted my fellow yelpers and decided on Dhaba.  As usual the reviews were on the money!We started with a paneer appetizer with peppers and onions and it was very tasty and large enough for the 2 of us to finish and be comfortable waiting for our meals.  He chose the Chicken Tikka Masala and thoroughly enjoyed it, although saying it was spicier than those he gets in England.  I loved it and wished I had gone with that instead of my Dhaba Shrimp Curry.  Not to say it wasn't good it was just way too spicy for me.  The shrimp were very fresh, plump, and cooked perfectly and the sauce was great with the cheese naan we had as well.  Just a little on the spicier side.  The Tikka Masala though will definitely be in heavy rotation in my takeout from now on.All in all a good meal, friendly service, tasty Indian, and a thumbs up from the man. Definitely make a reservation on the weekend though, we had an 8pm slot and still couldn't get a table until 8:30 and the bar is tiny.
Super loud and crowded and cramped. The food was just okay. Ehh .. I wouldn't go back. B-/B for the food quality.
Dhaba was the destination of choice for me when a visiting fellow meat loving friend who had turned Vegan decided to meet me for dinner. Since I couldn't forgo having meat myself I picked a place that catered to his needs and mine. Thankfully, Dhaba has an extensive menu offering and we ended up ordering an assortment of veg and meat dishes. Everything we ordered was delicious with the right amount of spice and not dumbed down for the less adventurous. One thing I want to point out for people of the Muslim persuasion that follow strict dietary edicts is that Dhaba has halal chicken on their menu... so basically its a win win for everybody. Most of all I love the fact that one can have good Indian food in a nice place with great atmosphere. Will definitely be coming back many more times.
Came for lunch buffet today, which is $11/person (tax and tip not included). There weren't many options at the buffet table and some of the dishes weren't that good, but let me tell you where all these stars came from. There aren't that many trendy or chic indian places out there and Dhaba is both. The place is dimly with a lot of interesting lights; think hanging edison bulbs.There is a full bar, its clean, and its so modern. Food wise, the gulab jamun was extremely soft and not too sweet. I loved the lamb rice, which was flavorful. The tandoori chicken was so incredibly oft--holy shit. This is definitely the best tandoori chicken I've ever had. The servers are really attentive and filled our waters basically the second we drank them and the place seemed pretty popular, always a good sign. However, I would not recommend the chicken tikki masala, the meat is dry, or the naan, it tasted really doughy.
If you asked me 6-12 months ago, I would have given Dhaba 4 stars.  Unfortunately, the quality of the food has deteriorated.  Based on my most recent visit, I'd give two stars but the three stars reflects an average of my multiple visits.In my past two visits, which took place over the past two months, I have been disappointed with the service as well as the preparation of the food.  Let's go straight to my most recent visit.  My sister and I took my parents here, as they were visiting me in NYC to spend the Christmas holidays.  This meal was essentially kicking-off the trip.  My sister felt pretty strongly that my parents were going to really like the food, and while I was a bit hesitant after my last visit, I thought Dhaba surely deserved a second chance.We arrived at 7:30, and of course the place was packed with very few available tables.  Luckily we had a reservation.  We were starving, so immediately ordered the Papdi Chaat, Pau Bhaji, and Bhel Puri for appetizers.  The Papdi Chaat and Bhel Puri highly disappointed.  The potato in the Chaat tasted like it had just come out of the freezer.  We actually sent it back and though the waiter replaced the dish with an order of Aloo Tikki, he didn't really seem to care that we were disappointed.  The Bhel Puri also disappointed - it was completely soggy, as if it had been prepared a half hour prior and was just sitting in the kitchen.  This could have been very possible, given how quickly the food arrived out of the kitchen.  The Aloo Tikki that served as a replacement for the Chaat was also a disappointment.  It lacked freshness, which is what we had grown to really appreciate about Dhaba's food.  The best appetizer was the Pau Bhaji.  It was warm and tasty, though I could tell loads of butter were used.  We were hoping that our main course would be better though at that point, we did not have our hopes up.  We ordered the Malai Marke Paneer and Daal Tadka, along with some breads.  The paneer is essentially like a Paneer Makhi, which is basiclaly cottage cheese in a tomato gravy.  This is a fairly common dish at most North Indian restaurants.  Unfortunately, Dhaba's tasted very common.  It was kind of sweet though the menu noted it was meant to be a spicy dish.  The cottage cheese itself tasted rubbery.  Fortunately the Daal was good.  it was the best dish of the night, and thankfully we had one item we thoroughly enjoyed.At this point I have no desire to go back to Dhaba.  There are simply too many other good North Indian restaurants, and as a North Indian myself, I definitely have higher standards than others when it comes to such cuisine.  My sense is that the place has gotten so popular that the staff either cannot keep up or has simply gotten complacent.  I look forward to hearing others have better experiences and proving me wrong!
I went for the lunch buffet. It was pretty good and reasonably priced. Unlike other Indian lunch buffets, the selection was reasonably diverse. Although the general experience was good and the food was good too, the restaurant's attempt to please the New York lunch crowd's tastes appears to have compromised the personality and authenticity of the food. A lot of the dishes tasty generically Indian and the spices/spiciness seem to have been toned down. I would go again for a quick lunch but would like to explore other places in curry hill as well.
Came here for dinner last night with my hubby and two friends who were visiting from out of town.  The food was some of the best Indian I've had in the city.  Can't wait to go back!  They have a great vegan/vegetarian menu selection too, which came in handy for our friends that were visiting.The service was great...a little slow at the end, but not too bad.  The vibe was upbeat and great for dinner with friends on a Friday night.
Fabulous food, and very attentive and helpful service all wrapped up in a well furnished atmosphere. A must you are a fan of this style of cuisine!
After a failed attempt to go to Eataly for my birthday dinner with five friends (an hour wait at 8:30 pm the Monday before Thanksgiving? Uh, no) I yelped good restaurants in the neighborhood and trekked over to Dhaba. Definitely a good choice and a serendipitous birthday situation. This was one of the best meals of my life.The staff are all extremely patient and knowledgeable. They offer real suggestions on what to order from the large menu based on your preferences. Nobody in my party was disappointed.I got a goat dish, the first time in my life I've ever had goat. It was amazing. So tender and perfectly cooked with delicious spice. The naan was amazing. The cocktails were all awesome. Just one of the best meals ever and not terribly pricey. Our meal for six including tip came to just under $250 - and plenty left over to take home.
Love this authentic and organic Indian restaurant! There is a variety of dishes for everyone's palette. This is a no brainer and everyone should be going to this place. The yummiest samosas I have ever eaten!
Nice ambience, generally packed with people buzzing about but what makes this spot a standout is it's savory indian food with great flavors and a wide variety of options for all.  Prices might run a slight bit more than some of its competing neighbors in Curry Hill but it's worth it. Great vegan options too!
Very nice place.  Cool trendy feel to the inside.  Service was very friendly and the food was very good.  And best of all the price was perfect!   On a busy night the interior can feel small.  But not too small.
always solid Indian food... THere's a lot of choices in Murray / "Curry" Hill and I've always found this to be one of the best...
The bff and I came here for the lunch buffet on Sunday.  It was packed full of brown people which is a very good sign, generally.  The decor at Lit is a colorful sari  vomit explosion without being tacky.  Totally appropo for date night. Plus, they have a bar (even better for date night). Hands down, one of the best Indian buffets I have ever had.  It's seriously a deal for $12.99.  I know, $12.99 sounds like a lot, right?  I generally just wouldn't pay that much for a buffet since Murray Hill is full of South Asian places to eat.  Trust me, this place offers a ridiculous variety of GOOD food for dirt cheap.The buffet had a good amount of meat dishes like lamb dupiaza and chicken biryani which aren't common buffet items.  This was the first time I saw a bindi dish on a buffet menu!  And there was a chaat station including pani puri.  Dudes, they didn't only have the usual gulab jamun and kheer for dessert, they had rashmalai.  The kheer was whatever.  But the rashmali tasted like my mom's and she's a Bengali dessert goddess.  So you have all this bangin' a$$ food on the buffet table AND the waiter BRINGS food to the table as well.  The bff and I would be munching on a curry from the buffet and the waiter would bring us a little surprise!  The surprises included:  fresh warm naan, buttery fluffy poori, pav bhaji with bread, juicy tandoori chicken and even bhel puri!The best compliment I have for this place is that my dad (RIP) would have loved it.  He was a fat fat man (I say that with the utmost respect) and friggin' loved food like no other.  He was a food junkie.  He would have eaten until he fell over at this place.  Oh dad, no one gets food all over their face like you used too...  *Sniffle*
Favorite Indian place in Murray Hill
Solid Indian food at decent prices. Great for casual dinner with a friend or a fun, easy date spot. Not super trendy or romantic so I'd save this for a 'good Indian food' night. Drinks are good also with full bar and reasonable prices.
This is a 4.5 star review. Stopped into Dhaba for an early dinner with my boyfriend. We had been to this area of city before and been on the lookout for a new Indian restaurant to try. We started off with naan which was good, although the bottom was a bit burnt. The chutney they served with it was very good and it's hard to ruin naan....I could have eaten a lot more than one portion of it. We had the onion fritters as well...they mostly tasted like onion rings (my bf chose them) so they were ok.For dinner we informed our waiter about my boyfriend's peanut allergy and he was very good about making sure we knew which things not to order. He even let me know that my entree had a bit of peanut in it so we shouldn't share plates. Bf got the Butter Chicken which was fabulous and I wish i would have ordered in hindsight. I got the Dahiwala Murgh chicken. It was good but not great. I'd definitely go back to try something different. The service was good and it was a very good meal all in all.
Very nice place. Exceptional service. 2ish on Saturday and the place was packed. Food was OK....not great, not bad. Prior to leaving my apt, I called up to ask if they had CTM on the buffet and was told YES.  I got there and they had an orange dish called Mughlai Chicken which I'm assuming is their version of CTM...as CTM was first invented during the Mughlai period...according to some....others say it comes from Glasgow. Anyway, this place is very nice in a pedestrian sort of way....if you are interested in experiencing nirvana from a steaming bowl of orange heaven called CTM....skip this place.  It was not up to my CTM standards and I will not return. But if you just want some decent food and nice atmosphere you will love it.
The location of Dhaba is along the unofficial 2nd "curry row" like the one in the East Village where nearly every business on the block is an Indian restaurant. I chose this one because it's owned by the same people who own Chola in midtown east (my favorite Indian place so far) but Chola was booked for the evening. The interior of Dhaba was beautiful, modern, and clean and the food and prices were quite good. I'm not giving them 5 stars though because the service was slow and they don't have chicken curry. Yes the most popular Indian dish is not served at this fine restaurant, this was a huge disappointment. The second disappointment came when I asked what dish they had that was close to chicken curry and the waitress recommended the "Chicken Kali Mirch" which was absolutely nothing like Chicken curry. It was peppercorn and cream based sauce which was extremely spicy, they also used small strips of chicken rather than the large chunks of white meat chicken that they use in dishes like the Tikka Masala (which I also tried and was fantastic). They did have 20oz King Fisher beer (actually less because they give you a lot of head with the beer) in a frosted mug for $6 which was a great value. Also as a side note: If you go and have to wait for a seat they'll direct you to wait at the bar. Wouldn't be a bad idea if they had a bar. There's about a 10 foot island where the servers get the drinks but there's no counter, no stools, almost no place to place your drink, and it's right up against other tables of people eating. This was a bit awkward so I opted to wait outside, luckily it was a nice night  out and the hostess remembered I was out there so she came and got me when my table was free.
Really over rated.  The food was not nearly as flavorful as most indian places.  The breads are really bland.  And they make you pay additional for rice which I think is ridiculous.  They are overpriced for the quality and taste of the food.
My FAVS in curry hill.  Cute decor, delicious food, prompt delivery.  Also: full bar, great $10 lunch buffet daily, and a very attentive staff.Inside is pretty trendy and the tables are pretty crowded...no such thing as a private conversation here!  But all in all a cozy place.  I like the booths.I've gotten chicken tikka masala, lamb korma, shrimp curry (?) and tons and tons and tons of naan.  Everything has been perfectly cooked and comes out nice and hot (LUKEWARM FOOD IS NOT OKAY).I once went on a Saturday for the buffet (as a rule, i hate buffets) and found the food really tasty and fresh, great variety, and unlimited naan and rice!!!!  $10, definitely a winner.Just one thing to note:  I eat both at Dhaba and order in pretty often, and I have realized that I think the portions are significantly bigger with delivery.Almost certainly ordering from Dhaba tonight now that I've started thinking about it....
Dhaba was my friend's idea as a way to zap the previous night's revelry from our systems. It served that purpose more or less, though the food was honestly nothing to write home about. The butter chicken was good, as was the naan while it was hot. There are plenty of other, better Indian options in the area, though they might not offer a Sunday brunch buffet for around $15.
First time here, food was overall "good" but my biryani was unevenly heated (read: microwaved) and it didn't quite have the authentic flavor that I craved. Garlic naan was great, aloo chaat was delicious, biryani was so-so. Great presentation and service. Seems like a huge hit for non-indians but I might have to come back and try other dishes before I jump on the bandwagon.
It's loud in here tonight and 9 bucks for a glass of wine is a bit much, but damn this food is tasty.
Went with my roommate and her sister last Saturday night (3/20/10). I'm not a huge Indian food fan, but I live near Curry Hill so figured I'd give it a try. I was going to order Chicken Tikka Masala but our waiter (who turned out to be the manager) saw my hesitation. He suggested I try "Dahiwala Murgh" which is a chicken dish with a yogurt sauce. He could not have suggested something better! I was thoroughly happy with my entree, the daal, and naan. My first venture into NY Indian cuisine was a success and I'd definitely put my order/selection in the hands of the manager again.
Visited on a Friday evening with a friend. We got there just before there was a wait. The place was packed, and all for good reason. The food was great! The menu offered many option for all types of interests, even a Chinese cuisine options. I had the rose lassi, saag paneer, and samosa. All were served in a great, robust flavors. The wait staff was friendly and the atmosphere was comfortable. Definitely try to reserve if you are planning to eat after 7PM.
Great place for buffet esp. the non veg over veg food...one if the best buffets in the city if not the best. They also have a wide variety of food. Non vegetarians will so enjoy. Go relish the good
Such a fun name to play with.  Yhaba dhaba dhoo!  Dhaba, a little dab'll do ya...   Anyway, Dhaba is one of those snappy looking new Indian restaurants that seem to be cropping up in Curry Hill, which is nice if you like to have your Indian cuisine in a place that doesn't look like an outlet shoe store that hasn't been renovated since the 1980's.  It looks clean and modern and colorful, with a soundtrack of Indian pop music.I stopped in for a late lunch, too late to catch the lunch special, in fact. Although the restaurant was nearly empty they insisted on shoving me into a table between two other diners, even after I asked to sit somewhere else, so zero points for being accommodating.  In general, the service was adequate if not very cooperative or friendly.I'd heard good things about the food and it lived up to expectations, though it wasn't quite the culinary revelation I was led to believe.  Dahiwala murgh was an ample serving of white meat chicken in an alfredo-ey yogurt sauce with hints of corinader and cardamom.  The naan was fresh and buttery, and the basmati rice was excellent.  The side of rice is enough for two, so don't make the mistake of ordering more than you need.All in all, a welcome change from some of the Indian dumps along Lexington.
As others have said, the lunch buffet is an awesome deal.  For $11 you can sample  little bit of everything.  My favorite, as always, is the chicken tikka masala.  Can't ever go wrong with that.The super sweet dough balls they have for dessert are also amazing.  Soaking in simple syrup, they're a diabetic's arch nemesis.  So good.
I love the food at the place! Flavors are spot on and the sauces make you want to lick the plate. The place is tiny however so you wind up rubbing elbows with strangers and often there is a wait even with reservations. Food is worth the wait though! I strongly recommend the pistachio ice cream. yum!
I've been to Dhaba twice, once for dinner and once for lunch.  Both times it was a good meal.  The full menu had a lot of options and today's  lunch buffet was good.  I don't really know if they have the same thing every time, but it had a chicken, lamb, vegetarian stuff, etc..  Long story short, pretty standard Indian food, decent prices.  As far as the beer list goes, it's standard Indian beers (Taj Mahal, Kingfisher, etc.) but nothing unusual.
Great food ....great service....I will definitely be back and recommend this place to typical indian food lovers....dhaba made my day....
Quality of food - five stars. Ambience - two stars.  Tables are cramped together. If you are a couple, be prepared to share your conversations with at least three or four other tables.
For a lunch time buffet, I couldn't be happier!!  * Great selection of food in the buffet for meat-eaters and vegetarians alike- Rice, Biryani chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala, a lamb dish, a tofu/vegetarian dish, a spinach/chickpea dish, a lentil dish, rice, etc.* They bring fresh hot naan bread to your table as well as these little samosa-like fritters. * They also come around offering tandoori chicken.  * Sweet carrot dessert option.* Cute decor* Bustling with people (always a good sign)* $10!It's tough to find a good Indian lunch place but now that I found Dhaba, I will definitely be coming back. ;-D
When you're friend asks you if you want to go eat at this buffet for $10, you quickly start thinking of other food places that they might want to eat. But then you freeze (like me) and end up going to the buffet (like i did). I was scared out of my mind that I might be throwing up my food later.  Because let's face it a $10 buffet...just sounds sketch.  It's one of those too good to be true things.Well fear not!  Dhaba is a $10 lunch buffet with amazing food!  The place is so clean and trendy looking.  It is almost hard to believe that you only paid $10 for such delicious food.  The place gets pretty crowded come 1:30ish so try to get there a little earlier.
Ah, Dhaba is a true treasure on curry row and even a treasure in New York.  After my second visit, I can truly say the food, the FOOD is spectacular.  The restaurant itself is awesome and vibrant and friendly and fun.  You can get honestly delicious food that is delivered with spice AND seasoning.  Oh, thank you, thank you Dhaba kitchen for understanding that spicy doesn't equal flavor and you must create flavor first and then add spice.  They nail it perfectly.  No matter whether your dish is on the milder side or screaming-hot-spicy all the food is beautifully seasoned and flavorful.  One truly outstanding dish is the Chicken Kali Mirch.  It's hot, addictive and peppery with tender chicken breast and a black pepper sauce that rocks your tastebuds!  The seekh (lamb kebabs) were also delicious, warm-spicy and nicely textured.  Rather than big hunks of meat, they were ground and formed into a sausage-like shape.  Very delicious and helps gear up for the main events.  The street snacks and Naans are truly special and delicious.  Multiple visits required to work through the menu properly but it's displayed fantastic food so far.  I love that it's fresher and lighter on the ghee than many other places without sacrificing that authentic taste and texture.
Good place to try something new but you have to leave as soon as your done. Its a small, cozy place  in demand with great food. In here, spicey food is spicey and hot is hot. I suggest they start cooking with ginger. I'm use to curry food and I know the benefits of cooking with ginger to create flavor and most importantly, to prevent the "runs".
I can sit here and write a detail drawn out yelp review, but why bother? my fellow yelpers have already described to death the pros of this place. My only issue with this place is how loud it is!
Lunch buffet lived up to the reviews! Definitely very flavorful and not too greasy. Service was great. The only complaint I had was that I wish there were more vegetarian options because it seemed that the buffet was very meat heavy and I definitely could have used more variety to choose from. Still a great meal and would definitely return.
OK buffet, but varies in quality from time to time, but one of the decent places to visit on curry hill. They have an extensive lunch buffet with many items. It used to be very good a couple or so years ago, but now the quality seems to have deteriorated recently. I hope they get their act together soon...
Writing this review while waiting for the waiter to take the order..not sure about the food yet.. but the service sucks!!  We have been waiting from last 30mins no one is here yet to the order! Too noisy environment..folks sitting beside us have the same complaint..No one to take the order! Will write another review about the food later if someone takes the order and we get food! Bad place to be here if ur hungry!!
Love this place.  The best Indian food in the city as far as I know.  If someone found a place better than this in Manhattan I would like to know.  Yes, it's crowded, but I think it's worth it.
No service at all. Extremely noisy. Whole Foods buffet does a better job than Dhaba.
Brought a bunch of coworkers last Friday for lunch buffet.  The food was as good as the dinner menu but obviously with less options than ordering ala cart. My desi coworkers raved at virtually everything on offer.  I wish the golub jamoons were a bit bigger and puffier and there was khir as an option as well.  Tandoori chicken was great but was exclusively drumsticks.
Awesome lunch buffet.  A few times I went I had very good experience.  I had dinner with a small group one time and the regular menu was very good.  The Vindaloo was well spiced and the Tandoori had great flavor and was tender, not too dried like some places.  Price/quality is hard to beat for the buffet but the regular menu is pricier (but reasonable).  Service is good.  Food tastes good to me but I am not an expert on Indian cuisine.  Saw a lot of Indian diners there so it should be fairly authentic.
Four and a half stars for food: everything was extremely tasty, albeit a little greasier than I would have liked.  Lentil donuts were light and fluffy, chicken biryani was flavorful, lightly spiced, and enough for two, and the chicken bhuna was great, but a little oily for my taste.  Parathas were light but a little greasy.Service was weak -- our waitress gave poor descriptions of the dishes and they were a little slow at times.   As far as taste goes, much better than the competitors in the area but there are still a couple of places I prefer in the city.
Indian Buffet Quest #2Decor and Ambiance:  Very cute and modern, with lively colors and nice tables and chairs.Service: Very good!  We were seated right away and given some happy little Indian cereal treats and a basket of naan.  Our water was constantly filled and our plates cleared quickly.  They were also very nice and friendly!  They also came around at one point and dished up some roasted chicken that was very good.The food is graded on a couple of items:Utthappam: N/A - they didn't have them.Naan:  Excellent!  Light, airy, not greasy... very tastyCondiments:  Excellent!  They didn't have the large amount that most places do, but they had a good selection.  The onion chutney that they offered was outstanding.Main Dishes:  Delish!  Saag Paneer was the best I've ever tasted.  Chicken Tikka was tender and the sauce was perfect.  They had a wonderful Lamb dish that I can't remember the name of, but it was melt in your mouth tender and delicious.  And there was a pea dish that I've never had before, but I went in for seconds... good stuff!Desserts - Was the only disappointment.  I don't know what it was.  It was a grainy sugary bowl of something that we couldn't figure out. Price:  $9.95 - more expensive than the other places on the block, but worth it.
Consistently deliciously spicy Indian food - my favorite in the city.  Don't be afraid of the goat, meat melts in your mouth worth the occasionally sharp bone shard in between bites.  Be careful with your spice request, they can really jack it up - but it burns so good, especially with the raita to cool you down.  Can get really busy and beverage service may lag, but food is worth it.  I am not a sweets person, but order the galabjamun - you won't regret it.
Great deal for the lunch buffet--$9.95 including naan and several other tableside compliments.Strongest point for me I thought was the saag paneer--same with chola from the same restaurant group. Would have liked to see another dish or two on the buffet- maybe matter paneer or aloo matar? But it wasnt limited by any means--and with another dish or two it would be five stars.
We went out with a group of about 10 of us for Indian for a friends 30th. It was a Saturday night but they still sat us fairly quickly.Our old standbys (Chicken Korma and Garlic Naan) were fantastic. We ate our weight in Samosas. The food was really good. I heard comments from my fellow diners that the spicy was spicy, just the way they like it (I don't like spicy so cannot personally comment).The Mango Marguerita and the Kama Sutra specialty cocktails were delicious and the service was pretty fast for a Saturday night prime time. Would go back anytime.
yum this place was delicious. Although pricier than the typical Indian restaurant during dinner, it is reasonable considering the portion sizes and nicer ambiance. We tried the recommended kadai goat, which was tender and delicious. The saag paneer and malai kofta were also pretty tasty. The only disappointing dish was the crunchy okra appetizer, which was ok but nothing special, and a pretty stingy portion.
Dhaba definitely delivers in terms of service, ambiance, and taste.  I've been here on three separate occasions and can recommend the following...Shiekh Kabob- sizzling, meaty, tastyDhaba Chili Chicken- just the right amount of spice & saucinessShrimp anythingGarlic Naan- fluffy and well-seasonedDEFINITELY grab a rose, sweet, or mango lassi while you're at it.Down side:  For the portions, Dhaba skimps a bit on the meat.  For the price, Dhaba is definitely more expensive than the surrounding restaurants on curry hill.
This is a review from when I went there in January. This is a review of their lunch buffet.I went with my cousin's wife to Indian lunch yesterday. We took the 6 down to 28th, and popped up above the ground on that little strip of Lexington where it's all Indian food all the time. Then we just had to pick where to eat.I didn't want to eat at the delicious Saravanaas (sp?), since I'd eaten there with Zora and Peter not two weeks ago (although, to be fair, it was last year) and since it's a menu that's pretty typical of West Berkeley chaat houses. There's the place with the big kosher certification in the window at the corner of 27th, and that has really tasty food for not expensive, but it turned out that it is closed on Tuesdays. And of the two places, one right next to it, and the one next to that, I remember not having been bowled over by the one, and the other was closed.So there we were, window shopping for Indian buffet, and someone was outside of one (Dhaba; I hadn't been there before) cleaning the windows. The place looked pretty schmancy, but the buffet was right under $10 and there seemed to be a fair amount of people there, at least two of three who looked Indian (although it wasn't the ideal overwhelming majority), and so I figured I'd ask the window guy if he had any opinion of the food.This is the conversation that we had:Me: The food here, it's good?Guy Cleaning Window: No.Me: It's not?GCW: No.Me: You don't like it?GCW: No.ME: Do you like Indian food?GCW: No.After this, I paused for a couple of seconds. I mean, the people inside all seemed really happy, and the restaurant wasn't empty. So I decided to try the conversation again.Me: Do you like the food here?GCW: No.Me: Why?GCW: No English.Me: What do you speak?GCW: Spanish.So I started the conversation over again, and this is how it went:Me: La comida aqui, ¿está buena?GCW: No.Me: No?GCW: No.Me: No te gusta?GCW: No.Me: ¿Te gusta la comida India?GCW: No.Long story short: the lady from inside came outside, and told us that we were welcome to see the buffet if we wanted to consider it first, and so we went inside and took a look and it smelled and looked delicious and there we stayed until we were full and couldn't eat another bite of the sooji halwa they had for dessert.Dhaba is my new favorite Indian restaurant in New York.
I live right down the street (in Curry Hill) so my boyfriend and I often come to Dhaba whenever we are in the mood for outstanding, delicious, amazing, great food -- notice how I did not say great "indian food" since you will love this place even if you have never had Indian before.That being said, I'm not an Indian cuisine connoisseur but I can tell that this place is legit - mainly because of the Indian families who line up to dine here every night.  You'll spend 20 minutes deciding what to order since the menu is so expansive and everything sounds so incredible.  The spiced cashews are our favorite appetizer and I've enjoyed all of the basics (chicken tika masala; lamb mirchwala) while my boyfriend enjoys the much spicier dishes.  And believe me, they are spicy.  Most times he is sweating profusely as he gulps down glass after glass of water!I love this place since I can take my Mom here (who hates spicy foods) along with my sister-in-law (who is vegan) and my brother (who's appetite is that of 3 grown men) and everyone leaves happy.  And it is not too hard on the wallet either, especially considering the quality of the food.They are open pretty late on the weekends and they make VERY strong drinks for a good price- could be a good pre-game option before hitting up Murray Hill bars.  But I don't want the frat boys to catch wind of this so don't tell them that.
DON'T BOTHER ORDERING FROM HERE, YOU WILL WAIT TOO LONG AND BE TOO ANGRY AT THEM TO EVEN ENJOY THE FOOD.I ordered my food for delivery at 5:04 and it finally arrived now at 6:38pm! I called and checked on my food delivery 6 times and the manager on duty Raj would not say anything but, "the delivery guy has left the building". Sadly, this is my 4th Sunday where dhaba has made me wait OVER AN HOUR for a seamless web email confirmation of 25-40 minutes! Forget customer service, they can't even guarantee that you will get your food- isn't that the whole point of Seamless web?! Absolutely pathetic, don't bother ordering from here, you will wait too long and be too angry at them to even enjoy the food (if it comes). pathetic.
I loved the atmosphere and the decorating.  Excellent service and attentive refilling the water glasses.  Good sized portions.  The Dhaba shrimp was excellent -lots of juicy shrimp - spiced just right.
Very good Indian food. The mango lassi was amazing and the service is very great! Highly recommend for affordable and authentic Indian food.
Loved it. First time trying it. Had the eggplant appetizer (Imli Bagrain?), which was crispy and delicious and slightly sweet sauce. Had the bone-in goat phaal for my main course, rice and naan. It was delicious, albeit not nearly as hot as I expected. Had a long conversation with the Indian man at the next table. He said they automatically tone it down for Caucasians. He grew up in Mumbai, lived in NYC for a number of years before moving to Dallas. Comes here all the time for a taste of home when he's in NYC. Good enough for me. Looking forward to my next visit - he recommended the fried okra appetizer.
I say this the best Indian buffet on a weekend! Wonderful flavors - goat biryani - amazing- chicken tikka masala - most flavorful I have had in New York - saag paneer - again very deliciousThey could improve upon- service - the waiters need to trained. One of them shoved a plate of appetizer in my face while I was eating. They don't make the extra effort to be courteous and go around you- Nans - they were undercooked and cold.
Finally convinced my colleagues to try this place for lunch as it's a little bit of a walk from our office. This place has a nice bistro like modern decor. Although they didn't have a large spread, but The food was really really delicious with a variety of vegetarian and non vegetarian dishes.We loved the fact that they served appetizers fresh on the table along with naan.We got aalu papdi chat and tandoori chicken for appetizers and both were yummy.Their dessert was also very good with the right amount of sweetness.Definitely going back there!
Wish there was an option to give zero star! We came here early Friday evening around 6.30 and there was only one other table occupied, the restaurant was empty but fully staffed. We didn't get plates until our appetizer came. The waiter saw we didn't have plates, but decided to walk away. I got up and took plates from the table next to me. That was the first turn off. Second, they got a wrong appetizer and would not accept that they took down the wrong order. My husband ordered tangri kabab and made sure if it was with bones, he said yes. Still brought paneer appetizer and said we never told him about tangri kabab. Since when we get paneer with bones?? After that no apologies nothing. We were not served with chutney condiments or papad. We noticed that everyone else who started coming in later did get that first, who were served with different waiter. Our waiter was extremely rude at all times. The food came and it was not even worth all this bullshit. The biryani which came with raita was nothing else but plain yogurt. I would have appreciated the food a little more but the service was so horrible that we almost wanted to leave without eating. I would not recommend this place to anyone. There are plenty of really nice restaurants around here.
We went to "Curry Hill" with our British friends and selected this spot because it had curb appeal and was packed. We were immediately seated in the only open table and we all thoroughly enjoyed our selected curries. We ate like kings and when it was all said and done the final bill was $120 for four people including drinks and appetizer.We'll be back!!!
The venue looks great and well decorated. The lighting is perfect. The crowd is not loud. A great place to hang out.The service needs improvement as the food was a bit spicy and we needed to tone it down by using some yogurt. We ordered more yogurt and the waiter was trying to charge us for yogurt. Yogurt should be complimentary and free by Indian food standards, according to an Indian friend who was with us... We were a group that could not eat too spicy. So we ordered food that did not have the pepper or spicy indication in the menu. When the food arrived, we were all suffering for its spiciness... Personally, I think it is impossible to tone down the minimum of spiciness allowable on each item on the menu because it would ruin the balance and the food would lose its taste. Even though the food was a bit spicy for me, I was able to feel the taste in the food. They weren't overcooked, no oil, food was fresh, and good balance in the taste of ingredients. If it wasn't that it was a bit spicy for me, I would have enjoyed more the food. Therefore, come at your own risk and if only you enjoy eating spicy food. Great place to hang out!
I came here with my family and my fiancee for their lunch buffet and this place was delicious.  Their chicken tikka masala was wonderful and they had palak paneer. I loved what they had in their selection, but did find myself gravitating toward the saucier items after I had initially tried everything.  We went as soon as they had opened, so the naan came to our table after we had started eating for a bit and it was super hot.  They also came around with another crispy seasoned noodle dish that I wasn't quite sure what it was, but the cilantro, citrus, and savory flavors worked really well together with the crunch.  So whatever it was, it was delicious. They also came around with tandoori chicken, which I found a bit odd.  Usually I go up to the buffet tables to get my own, but perhaps because the place had just opened for the day, but we had some table service with that.  Overall, I found the buffet dishes to be of very good quality.  As far as food quality goes, this places significantly beats out a lot of my previous experiences.  However, I did find their selection rather limited.  I think that'd be my only gripe though.
came here on saturday for lunch buffet. i loved the chicken biryani and chicken tikka masala. lamb curry was decent as well - was surprised to see they had that option. asked for many free naan refills. the waiters also came around to hand out chicken tandoori pieces i guess that werent offered at the buffet table.i've come here for dinner before and it was a solid meal as well - got the lamb vindaloo. prices for dinner are obviously much more expensive so i would recommend coming for lunch. if you're looking for a place with more options, however, i'd recommend going to brick lane curry for their lunch buffets, as they have much more veggie options
Came here to try the lunch buffet. Good selection but was not impressed by the quality of the food. I used to order take-out from this place all the time and I would say that the a la carte menu is much better in terms of quality but it's hard to beat the price deal of the buffet (which includes all you can eat at the buffet line, plus individual portion of tandoori chicken, naan and roti). It is a lot of food!Personally I wouldn't come back for the buffet. Once was enough to try.
I mean i honestly dont get what the hype is about. The food was very mediocre.. i love Indian/Pakistani food and this was definitely not 4 star worthy. I would say a solid 3.5 Star. We ordered Chicken Briyani, onion kulcha, onion chili naan, malai chicken kabab, pepper kali mirch murg(chicken) and Kheer. The kheer was good i would say 7.5. Chicken briyani was good as well. The best was onion kulcha. Pepper chicken was okay and was wayy too peppery and there was not much taste to it. Ok so now to customer service- well the customer service was terrible. We had to wait a while until someone acknowledged us to come to us and then they handed us a check when we wanted to order dessert. They can DEFINITELY work on having better service.
Dhaba is located in the curry hill area with lots of other indian restaurants. I have been here a total of 3 times- once for alacarte and twice for buffet. I never never never gve a place so many chances. I did bec of the amazing and voluminous reviews. I am very DISAPPOINTED! Food is just average. Spice aroma below average. Variety dueing buffet way way way below average. Service below average. Hospitality- doesnt exist. This is the last time I am here. Wont waste any more money.If u are looking for a truly decent Indian meal experience, walk into CHOTE NAWAB. Amazing food- i have been to CN twice- obly bec k could not control myself. Fingerlicking preparations with perfect spice balance. So if u have the option, walk across the street and compare for yourself.
We had done takeout from Dhaba a few times, but this review is for their lunch buffet.The trick is to go at noon (when they open) on a weekend. No wait, great service, not crowded.Oh my goodness. What a great spread. Except for the Indian ocra dish that I usually like to order, the lunch buffet had all my staple dishes- curried potato cauliflower veggie dish, chicken tikka masala, and saag paneer to name a few. I was confused because I didn't see naan in the spread, but after we sat down to eat, the servers brought a basket of piping hot naan to each table. So fresh! And what's even better is that the basket of naan also included bhatura, or the deep fried fluffy naan bread. My favorite. Throughout the meal, the servers would come by with extra entrees and ask if you wanted any- eg. puffed rice crisps, chicken legs (tandoor style?).By 12:30, it was starting to fill up, but there were still a few empty seats scattered here and there. As some Yelpers have commented, it can get very packed in here, and when the occupancy is high, the density is also very high. The restaurant squeezes many 2-seater tables within elbow distance of one another, and so I imagine the dining experience can be unpleasant.I had a wonderful buffet experience. Though I'm still comparing New York Indian buffet prices to that in Philly, I'm quiet happy with the food I got for my money. I will definitely be returning!
We come here a few times a year because the food is delicious.  Their pani puri's are delicious and so are their drinks.  However the last time we went the service was pretty atrocious.  They messed up our order and were very annoyed with us when we pointed it out.  No one refilled our water and asked us if we wanted more drinks.  Overall a meh service but as usual food was on point.
I had high hopes for the buffet, and it was good, but it wasn't spectacular. Having said that, I've struggled finding great Indian here in NYC. I was so spoiled in London, Montreal & Toronto! I hear I need to go to Queens. Other folks love this spot, so I think it's worth trying out if you are interested. I might try it again if I'm in the area, but I won't make a special trip uptown for it!
Not too sure why this place has great ratings, but I definitely had a lot more authentic Indian food than this place. We order the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Lamb Vindaloo and the Chicken Tikka Masala was pretty bland for the most basic Indian dish there is. I give them a three-star rating for their garlic naan and service.
Really good Indian food. I'm from the Indian subcontinent but haven't had Kashmiri food prior to this and I was so impressed by how rich the flavors were. I also loved that the meat tasted very fresh. When inquired about the meat, they mentioned that it's Halal and that's the reason for the fresh taste.I've tried almost all the Indian spots in the city and this has to be one of the best and most authentic.
Awesome food.  I ordered the goat curry and chicken chutneywala and it was fantastic. The goat meat was very tender. Highly recommend this place
This place has very good Indian food. I am not Indian but I have visited India and the dishes here seem to be very authentic. I have visited other Indian restaurants but I think this is the best Indian I've had so far.
The atmosphere was nice in the restaurant, and the staff were very pleasant and accommodating. However, I am rating 3 stars because my husband and I were very disappointed in the food. It did not taste flavorful or authentic. We hoped that being in NY, on an avenue dedicated to Indian restaurants, we would find authentic cuisine. We did not :( The chicken biryani was bland, and the butter chicken was full of chewy gristle like bites. The sauce was just ok. Not terrible, but not great. Next time we are in town we're going to try Spice Symphony. For now we are appreciating the authentic cuisine offered back home at Curries!
These guys had many great reviews written up so when it was time for my indian fix, I thought this would be a safe bet.The food is quite good and the speed was good. My only grip is that it's all stone cold and my can of coke is un-refrigerated.So despite the nice tasting food, thumbs down for the poor attention to detail namedly, hot food, cold drink.
Arre yaar this is the spot!Met up with BF's parents here for a little buffet action after finding out the owners also manage Bombay Palace in my CT hometown.Great buffet selection (chicken biryani, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, jeera aloo, saag paneer) and this is the first buffet that offers fresh green chilies as a side condiment! Granted I got some looks from the older desi crowd at my generous helping of hot green mirchi.Down to earth atmosphere and great service. I love (Mu)Curry Hill!
This was the second Indian lunch buffet I've had in NY and I have to say it wasn't as good. The service was excellent, and I really liked the cinnamon and rice pudding. But I really felt like the dishes were kinda bland. They need a larger assortment. After one plate, you feel like you've had enough. I did like the fact that they had naan bread sent to your table. It's a good deal, though, only $13 on a Sunday.
I visited Dhaba on Saturday around 8pm. If you are going to visit with your friends, I recomend to share different type of curries to enjoy.
I wish there were half-star options on yelp, because I would give this place a 4 and a half.  Almost everything about this place is great, except their appetizers are just ok.  To be fair I only had a couple of their chats and both types of pakora offered, but I wasn't all that impressed.  However, the rest of the food?  Amazing.As a dairy enthusiast, I love paneer, so both times I've been here, I ordered paneer-based dishes.  I tried the paneer kali mirchi first, because the menu said it was a house specialty.  Yes it was.  I love spicy, and this dish had the perfect amount of heat.  The paneer was a great texture, and the cream sauce kept the dish really moist and flavorful.  The next time, I tried the paneer makhani, which was a little mild for my taste, but super flavorful and creamy.Also, the lassis are really superb.  I tried the mango first, as a barometer of how good their lassi skills were.  When that proved to be delicious, I tried the sweet peda lassi--oh my goodness, order this drink.  It's yogurty goodness in a glass. Wine and beer offerings are pretty generous, and the prices are really fair for the quality of the dishes.  This place is definitely going to be one of my stand-bys for quality Indian food.
Hands down, the best Indian food I've ever eaten. Ask for it 'Indian spicy' and you'll be in tears two bites into your meal. I had the tawa aloo gobi (vegan) and it was absolutely delicious.
Unfortunately, I missed the buffet (Richard B), but this place is great.  I love the decor of the place - it is very colorful and lively.  We ordered the Baigan Da Bharta and Tawa Aloo Gobi, both of which were excellent.  Despite the one server who was a bit odd, the rest were great.  I was getting together with a friend from out of town so we had a lot to catch up on - and they did not rush us!I would not recommend the Masaala Chai, however, because it wasn't spicy enough - but that's just me.
you know your eating good Indian food when the restaurant is filled w Indians. I ate at this restaurant twice in the same week when i first discovered it, The food is amazing and fresh! Prices are surprisingly low considering the environment and location. Waiters are all Indian and very nice. The only this that is pricey are the drinks, they cost almost as much as an entree that feeds 2 people! Apart from that I know I can always go here and leave satisfied!Thanks Yelp for introducing me to such a wonderful place!
Good indian food! Very busy during lunch time (buffet style).
AMAZING!  I went to Dhaba a few days ago to try their lunch buffet and I will say without any hesitation that it was the best Indian buffet I have had possibly ever.  I had an out of body experience with the chicken tikka masala and the saag paneer was as delicious as I have had.  Not to mention the Naan bread, and all if it for just about $11.  If you are looking for a good meal, I highly recommend this place.  I know for one that I cannot wait to go back!
Had this place for lunch and was very impressed. Last time I had Indian food like 8 years ago I got a stomach virus and never wanted to go back to a other places. Yesterday my friend convinced me to go to Dhaba and I desperately wish I had it earlier. It was amazing. I had some chicken thing and the meat was just so perfect. and the spices were mmm. Yeah definitely recommend.
Dhaba has the best food, best service, best n the curry hill. I have over the years been to Dhaba bringing business colleagues, families visiting me out of town. My colleagues from the company I used to work with, go to Dhaba every time they are in NYC from Vermont. Any restaurant that is good of course its going to be noisy because its filled with people who want to savoir the goodness that Dhaba has to bring. I must have at least eaten over 50 times at Dhaba and since I live close by, I have also catered and ordered from here. Thanks Dhaba for always providing my guests and myself  the tastiest Indian food in the hood :).
You know it's a good restaurant when there's a block of indian restaurants next to each other and this is the one that's packed every night of the week.  Food wise, we started with an order of the chicken lollipops (delicious) and the Paneer Chili Paratha (very generous portions of Paneer though could have used a little more spice as the green chilis turned out to be green onions).  For mains, we shared a Dahl Makhni (the best version of this dish I've found in New York), the Dahi Bindi (delicious as well) rice, garlic naan and plain naan (very good).  And then we ended dinner with the Tawe Ka Gulab Jamun (fried milk balls in simple syrup!! and sort of the Indian version of an Elephant ear/funnel cake) and Kulfi (esp good when paired with the previous).  Ambiance which is non-existant in much of the corner of Curry Hill is actually quite nice here with a modern, minimalist penchant accentuated with strategically placed lights.  Water glasses get filled up regularly, even without asking.  Prices are reasonable esp in lieu of ambiance and service.  And as all dishes were actually quite good, this has just become one of my favorite places in this neck of the wood.
I'm from Toronto, and it pains me to write this review because I'm forced confront the reality that we don't have an Indian restaurant quite THIS good. The garlic naan was flaky and more garlicy than ever. The lamb rogan josh exploded my taste buds. The music was loud and annoying, but the service made up for any fault. They even brought my girlfriend extra tissues when they saw her being overcome by spice! Really impressed on all fronts. Certainly a resto I'll be happy to show my friends when we're next in NY!
Wow very disappointing. Yelp defiantly lead me wrong here. We are out in the area looking for good Indian food when this spot showed up. Got seated next to the window. Immediately noticed how messy and gross it was. Cups were dirty plates were dirty and the menu was absolutely filthy. We thought about leaving but decided to stay anyways. Later on we noticed the servers cleaning the tables next us. Instead of wiping the tables down he simply turned over the place mats and used a napkin to push the bits of food on the floor. Needless to say our appetites were ruined. I got the malia chicken kabab very luck luster and looked undercooked (I hope it wasn't). My GF ordered a Paneer dish and was equally unimpressed. We were done with the place and really wanted to get out of there but they would not give us the bill! We had to ask for it 3 different times to 3 different people. After 20 minutes we were very upset. Will not be coming back here again.
Came here for a Diwali dinner on a Saturday night. It was pretty crowded but we got seated in about 20mins or so. We ordered a pitcher of beer,  chicken tikka masala and a shrimp curry, bhatura and 2 orders of garlic naan. We rolled outta the restaurant and were ready for bed. Food coma....But I slept like a baby and will definitely be back with my bf for more chicken tikka masala and garlic naan and maybe try the paneer. Yummilicious.
No, it's really not that great anymore, sorry :-(  Perhaps I was completely off the firs time, perhaps they  have a new chef this time. The Gobi Manchurian is not nearly as impressive, flavorful or crispy. The Sag Paneer was cold. The  Chicken Vindaloo was far more vinegar than spice (according to my friend). I just don't know where they went wrong. Oh well, they are still one of the better curry houses in the area, so I will likely be returning.
Really good food and a nice modern environment. They pack a lot of tables in so a little bit cramped otherwise I'd give it 5 stars
Admit it, a celebrity spotting makes any meal more notable. 3/4s of the way through ours, Robert Pattinson walked in. He gave me a quick, piercing bite on the neck and then threw his luscious hair back under a ball-cap to go incognito again. But first he remarked "Mmm, did you just have lentils?"He was accompanied by Emilie de Ravin, she and I had just crash landed on a remote island off the map, so I promised her I would make sure she and her baby were OK, but only after I had a sip of mango lassi. They were accompanied by anonymous lanky man in blue plaid shirt, but of course none of the online tabs noted this. Everyone is just looking for confirmation that R and E are indeed dating. So, yeah, about Dhaba...it's the best Indian I have had in NYC. The atmosphere isn't fancy but isn't casual either. We sat at one of three long communal tables down the middle of the restaurant. We had no reservation and were seated around 8pm on a Saturday night. The cuisine is north Indian. We ordered chicken, lamb, saag (spinach), lentils, naan, and rice. I also had a mango lassi and a friend had the "Highway lassi" which is the same but with a kick of champagne. I was admiring the jar my drink came in and thought "was this place on taxi tv?" (trip home in cab confirmed, yes, it is). All of our meat dishes came in gravy, delish, and we had ordered the perfect amount of food for 4. My biggest complaint is when Indian food is too sweet, or too oily, or looks the wrong color (like a saag dish that looks far from spinach green). No such travesties at Dhaba. And all of these delights came in at $25 per person. Even after the extra order of rice and naan. Perfection!A bunch of my girl friends are not speaking to me because I wouldn't snap a photo, even though I was in prime table-perpendicular-to-them position to do so, but doesn't that break a couple unwritten NYC codes? I.e. leave celebs alone? Anyway, Dhaba is good enough for Twilight and Lost, and most importantly gets 5-stars from me.
Best Indian food in the area, hands down- take it from someone who's lived near Murray Hill for a while.  A New Yorker who's been here much longer than I have agreed with that too.  One specialty that's nice here is the British style Indian food, which is, I should warn you, VERY SPICY but very good.  The goat and lamb dishes here were excellent too but truth be known, I've never had a meal here that wasn't superb.  Nice atmosphere to it also.
Really enjoyable Indian in curry hill. Often the places in the neighborhood are awesome food but limited in terms of ambiance and relaxed atmosphere. some of my favorites are very hustle, eat and go.. Anyway, Dhaba. Bar menu, cute atmosphere.. A really attentive staff (water in my glass at every turn, needed for their vindaloos and spicy chicken lollipops). Saw lots of people dining solo too, and thought it looked like a very comfy place to eat solo. Recommended highly. Good with your girlfriends.
I had such high hopes for DhaBa considering the 4 stars and the fact that this is a cousin restaurant to Tadka which is definitely (still) my favorite Indian place in the city. Plus: -pretty on the inside -great service -food tasted fresh and was not greasy at all Minus -portions were WAY too small for the prices, especially compared to Tadka -the goat in the curry was tough and mostly bones -cheese and nut naan was not nearly as flavorful as I had expected I was definitely disappointed, but only because Tadka is so much better. If you're in the area, this is a much better option than the majority of the other Indian restaurants nearby.
Best Indian I've had in the city! We shared the chicken tikka, mirchi peneer, and the chicken curry (london style, with coconut milk) all were very flavorful and delish! Garlic naan was pretty standard. Service is very friendly. Space could use some more lighting.
The guy who seated us was downright rude! He wasn't very friendly it seemed like he didn't want us there. We say we need a minute to look at the menu and he seemed like he didn't like that as well. When he finally came over I told him what I wanted and he says" that's very spicy", I responded "I like spicy food", to which he says AGAIN "That's spicy". I felt like he didn't want me to order that particular thing so I ended up changing to something that was rated less spicy. When I received my dish it wasn't spicy at all which made me regret not sticking to what I originally wanted. This man was just flat out rude especially to the two women who were seated next to us. The gentleman who came to ask us about dessert was very nice and polite; the older gentleman should watch him and learn something. I thought the food was pricey and not worth the money in my opinion. Maybe it's what I ordered but I didn't find the food very flavorful. I would never go back to that establishment again; they can keep their rude service and bland food.
Very impressive food !  I bet they have the best lamb vindaloo in the USA.  The atmosphere is not my style but it did not hinder my appreciation for their quality and delicious food.  I will definitely be back !
Two stars is being generous, I've been to a lot of Indian restaurants and this one just deosnt compare. The ambiance is great, the service is good, even the mango lassi is pretty good.... However, the main course just did not do it for me. My girlfriend and I had the chicken tikka masala and the navratna korma and both were extremely bland...to say the least. As a reference, neither of us usually eat spicy food or are difficult to please when it comes to food...but these dishes just didn't  taste like anything.When you go to an Indian restaurant, you expect lots of flavor and good spices (not necessarily spicy) and this place had neither. There are many other Indian food spots in Murray hill that I would recommend. Do yourself a favor and skip Dhaba....
Dhaba is for sure my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC. The flavors are authentic, the ambiance is perfect, and the wait staff is courteous. Tandoori Chicken was made wonderfully, and it tasted just like the Tandoori Chicken I had in India last summer. The eggplant we ordered was also fantastic, served at just the right temperature. Lamb Dhansak was perfect, not too spicy and not bland at all; just the way a Dhansak should be. Chicken Kali Mirch was of course excellent, but make sure you like the taste of strong black pepper before you order it. Desserts were also great, got the Ras Malai and Kheer. My experience at this restaurant was certainly a great one, and I will be returning as soon as possible.
This review is just based on the chaat we had.  My friend ordered panipuri or phuchka as its known on the menu (the place must be bengali). Apart from the one that leaked through the bottom she thought it was very authentic. I had the kachori chaat which was excellent too.Both came out very quickly and the waiters were tremendously friendly. I can't wait to go back to try the actual food.
Great authentic north Indian food... Too crowded on weekends,  and the music is way too loud, as is the noise levels from the crowd. But the tasty food makes up for all the misgivings. Try the chicken tikka masala, and the paneer taash kabab...
Love Dhaba! Work in the neighborhood so we get lot  of delivery. I have pretty much tried the entire menu And have not been disappointed once. The breads are very good, the saag paneer is as good as anywhere in the city. The lunch buffet is a fantastic value as 6-7 entrees are out and they walk around with fresh offerings from the kitchen all for less than $10.
And the award fot the 'Best restaurant for Indian Buffet' goes to Dhaba... seriously guys for 10.83 bucks on weekdays (incl. tax) you get the wholesome goodness of Indian food. The food quality and hygiene makes it a strong contender for some award. You get the choice of some 6 delicious sabzis like Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, Rajma, Bhindi Masala and more... The dishes were super delicious and ingrediants seemed fresh... I overfilled my belly to the point of bursting... I ate soooo very much (remember Gluttony? - one of the se7en deadly sins)... Apart from food, the decor is pleasant with one wall decorated with bowls and jars containing spices and stuff.. while the seating area has colorful rolled fabrics behind... The staff was very friendly... Thank you guys...you rock... Jai Ho!
Definitely one of the better Indian restaurants I've been to in the city (and I'm relatively picky about my desi eats!) The ambiance is nothing that of a "dhaba" - on the contrary, this is a really modern restaurant with a cool vibe, and interesting lighting too. They had paani poori - which is a plus in my book. But the best best best thing there, that I will definitely return for, is the pahadi chicken kebab appetizer. Please be sure to try this - it is absolutely divine!!
This was a quick choice for us while wandering through the neighborhood. We made an opentable reservation as we walked into Curry Town. So pleasantly surprised. The decor is modern and the seating is a little like cafeteria-style. We were seated in between two other couples even though there were open two-seat tables all over the (fairly small) dining room. the service was a little slow for a non-rush, but the waiter offered helpful suggestions and the food was VERY good. Some of the best Indian food I've eaten in the city. I had the Butter Chicken, which is not one of my standard choices for Indian, but was recommended by another yelper. My husband had the vindaloo-- his standard choice and he said it was terrific. If we find ourselves in the neighborhood again, we'll be back!
My real rating 3.5 stars!4 stars for the best dish1 star for the worst dish3 for serviceThey're a bit inconsistent if you see what I'm saying. The Lunch Buffet is a win-win though because you'll always find a couple of great dishes. Nibble everything first to sample it and then go for seconds with the winners. The buffet also includes hot and pretty darn good naan at your table along with kababs (apparently good) and bhelpuri (skip it, its awful because the packaged ingredients have sometimes gone rancid). The buffet dessert is sometimes good and sometimes bad. This is the quickest hot meal you can get in the Lex Ave Indian district at lunchtime and though I go every few months I'd probably go a lot more if they were a bit more predictable in their quality.Extra bonus: Pretty good music!
Quality indian food with a plethora of choices.What we ordered:Chicken vindaloo: From the immediate looks of the dish, the deep reddish/brown colors should be a clear warning for the heat to be expected. The intense chili mixed with tomato flavors offers much enjoyment as well as burning pains. Chicken Madras: Extremely tasty and definitely milder than the vindaloo. I think I definitely prefer this over the vindalooLamb korma: At every indian restaurant, I always seek out its korma dish.   And to my excitement this korma met all my expectations. Its creamy and smooth textures helped coat the lamb, but unfortunately some parts of the meat itself seemed too tough and chewy.  And all these dishes couldnt be devoured without some good naan. Unlike other restaurants, its naan wasnt overly thick like a pita, but was fresh, crispy and soft enough to use your hands to scoop curry. The garlic naan is a definite must!Also a great addition to the meal is the King fisher lager. A non-overpowering lager that goes great with all the dishes listed above.Great place. A tad pricey, but i'm reading the real bargain is during their lunch buffet! Mmmm....lunch there sounds good right about now.
My favorite lunch-time Indian buffet in the area, by far. It's a few blocks from my office, so I usually head over with a few co-workers and we're all very happy afterwards. Ready for a nap, but happy. All the food is great and fresh. And I love the waiters who bring fresh naan and chicken tikka throughout the meal, all included in the buffet price. I haven't been for dinner, but if the buffet is any indication, it's pretty darn good.
The food is flavorful and not too salty. the service is on--good service, fun and friendly! I would have given a 4 star if only they didn't pump up the music so high in the later evening. However, when asked if they could turn it down, the waiter did a little.
Dhaba was a fun, trendy NY Indian restaurant and the food was pretty good, and you actually got a good portion of food! Buuuut I probably won't be going back any time soon. Why?! You may ask.Well, while the food was good, I've had better. The butter chicken there is tasty, but it lacked any spice...and this is Indian food we're talking about here, people. The chole, again, suffer from the same unfortunate fate. How tragic :( There were also way too many people and tables crammed into that tiny place....So, therefore, it was good, but not THAT good. My theory on Indian food is that it doesn't need any fanfare. I'm a hole-in-the-wall-sounds-fantastic for Indian food kind of person. BUT, for a dressier Indian dinner, this does the job well.P.S. MAKE RESERVATIONS. Trendy = BUSY!
Dhaba, you're good and all but you frustrate me.  I came here one soggy evening around 6, and though I had no reservations I was promptly seated.  I noticed the guy sitting next to me had already finished his meal, and seemed to be just chilling.  For what, I wasn't sure.  But who am I to judge.  I sat for a while, and eventually someone came and poured me a glass of water.  Mind you that it wasn't busy yet.  Some time later, someone came and took my order.  Pani puri and chole batura.  Papad came with three chatnis in a cutesy dish, but I like to be able to put it on myself.  But alas, no spoon.  I asked the waitress for a spoon.  She said sure.  So I waited.  And waited.  And waited.  And waited.  And finally said "Screw it" and tried smearing on some chatni with my fork and just ate the papad.  Plus points for being fried.  It was only once I finished my papad that the waitress brought the damn spoon.  Dandy.  And then I waited some more.  Lucky that I wasn't super hungry because the wait would have been pretty brutal on me.  First the pani puri came.  6 puris, a little skimpy on the filling of potatoes, onions, and some moong dal I think, but I tasted the pani and smiled.  That'll do pig, that'll do.  I was on my second pani puri when the chole batura came.  Finished the pani puri and then focused my attention on the chole batura.  Now, batura is usually very big and puffy.  This one?  Not so much.  Soft, yes.  Puffy?  A little.  But not big, and I immediately knew that I had too much chole and not enough batura, even though you get two smallish-sized ones.  Ah well.  The chole was good, well-seasoned, a tad on the salty side and not spicy really.  So far, things were going ok!  I'd only had to wave down the guy for water 2 or 3 times.  I finished my meal and was hoping to get some gulab jamun.  I just wanted something sweet.  The dishes cleared.  And...Nothing.  There were plenty of waiters and waitresses but no one asked me if I wanted anything else.  A few of them kept staring at me every now and then.  So I just clasped my hands and waited some more, thinking that someone would come up and ask me if my fat ass would like anything else.  And my answer would have been yes.  I found myself remembering the dude that had been sitting next to me before, just chilling out for 15 minutes having finished his meal.  And now, that's what I was going to be doing.  If you aren't going to offer me dessert, then screw you, I ain't asking you for it.  I waved someone down and asked for the check and received a huge smile in return.  20 minutes later, I still didn't have a check.  I was already getting hungry again.  The check came, I placed my card down, and the little book sat on my table.  For ten minutes.  And then someone took it away.  Another 20 minutes go by.  Umm....check?  Please?  Can I go home now?  The check comes and for 6 pani puri and some chole batura, I'm paying close to 20 bucks.  And I'm already hungry again.  What.  The.  Furikake.  I had essentially waited for my check for the same amount of time that it took me to eat my meal.  Over two hours?!  Say what?  You're ok Dhaba, but I don't think I'll be coming back to see you.  I really don't have that much time on my hands.
Excellent food and service! It's not dirt cheap, but they give you soooooo much food - lots of leftovers to stretch meal over a few days. I'll definitely be coming back here.
If you are in Manhattan and you like South Asian food, GO TO DHABA!  I repeat, GO TO DHABA!  My mother is the best Indian/Pakistani cook I know, but this place might actually top her cooking.  Their menu offers a wide range of dishes.  We especially loved the chicken tikka.  Service was also excellent.  We were in Manhattan for 5 days and ate here three days in a row.  I am usually reluctant to eat South Asian food out because I feel like it is too Americanized in taste, but Dhaba seems to have the right ingredients for everyone.  My husband, who is not of South Asian descent, loved the food there too.  We can't wait to go back.  Dhaba is a home run for high quality South Asian food!
My favorite Indian place in NY so far and my Indian coworker also gave his stamp of approval. We had mutton stew, chicken biryani and vegetable korma. The food is incredibly rich and they do not skimp on oil or butter. Not the healthiest of places!  Unlike other places where they simply throw in the meat in some prepared sauces, this restaurant cooks the meat in the sauce so everything is tasty throughout the meat. Another plus, this place is cheaper than the restaurants  in midtown.
Good Indian restaurant in Curry Hill.  The space is modern, without the usual Indian restaurant accoutrements.   They had Kingfisher beer on tap, which was pretty cool.  Cocktails were OK.  The only weird thing about this restaurant was the coriander chutney. I love it, but it tasted different and sort of bad here.  They put out a big dish of papadum to start.  The appetizers were so so.   We tried some chat.  Some people make a big deal about chat.  Despite trying it a few times in a few different restaurants, I remain unimpressed.  The somosas were OK.  The main courses were better.  The chicken tikka masala, mixed kebabs, lamb bhuna and shrimp were all good to very good.  The naan and aloo paratha were good.  I would definitely return.
Went here with my gfs's for a very late night dinner. The place is nice and clean and offers an array of Naan, which has me sold already on the place. I've been to Indian restaurants in Jackson Heights, Queens, In Jersey City and all over. This ranks in the top two.WE ordered the chicken vindaloo, the chicken madras and the lamb korma. The vindaloo was spicccccyyyyy. those 2 little peppers on the menu are not kidding. it stripped a layer of my esophagus and intestines off, but you could still taste how good it was. I am not a big  fan of lamb but the curry that came with the korma was absolutely fantastic that it wouldn't matter what meat you put with it. it was a good balance between the creaminess and the seasoning.The chicken madras was tasty. It had a more tomato feel to it. But nothing stood out about it. I didn't really eat much of this.WE ordered regular naan and the garlic naan. The regular was good and the garlic naan..... WOW!!! We had to place another order for the garlic naan. it just smells so good from the get go. it's crispy and has a subtle taste of garlic and who doesn't like that???Overall i was very impressed with this restaurant and would really love to eat there for their buffet lunch
I ordered Dhaba last night for the first time, expecting yet another "so-so" Indian meal.  Well, I was in for a real treat!  Dhaba was not only quick and inexpensive (especially given the generous portions), but it was some of the BEST Indian food I've ever had!  The gobi mattar, chicken tikka masala and garlic naan were sooooo good.  My mouth is watering just writing about it; luckily I've got leftovers!
in curry hill it can be quite overwhelming to find a good indian restaurant but this one is The One, people! the lunch buffet can't be beat - every item is delicious and the naan?? i swear if i could, i'd walk around with those tied around my waist so i can take a bite at will. sadly, i have embarassed myself by the sheer quantity of food consumed. i wish i could be pregnant again or marathon training to have a valid reason for the vast amount of food i consume there but neither reason is about to happen anytime soon so just be kind and avert your eyes when you see me going up for the Nth time. m'kay?? thanks in advance.
Thursday night 3 people, 7 pm reservation, good thing we reserved because this place was packed and had people waiting.The decor is very stylish, not what you expect from an Indian place, the tables are very close together 2 long rows,  booths on the right.  We lucked out and had a booth so lots of elbow room.The wait staff is very fast to get to your table with water, menus and to take you drink orders, we all beer in some variety, mine was a shanty.Tthe prices are really cheap, kingfisher 1/2 pitcher, for 10$....can't beat that.  we were then served a plate of  awsome tasting papdum's and 3 very good sauces a very promising start.We then asked some which would you choose questions to our waiter who patiently answered and gave us his insights, then he proceeded to take our very long and complicated order, (as we kept changing our minds), all without the aid of pen and paper a very cool trick, For starters we had a sweet corn soup, the name says it all, it was sweet, creamy but not too thick, extremely hot, (tempature not spicy), and a malugatani soup, not at all like any other I have tried.  The soup was flavourful, and had a very mild smokyness, which combined with the creamier texture (again not thick not runny), was just spot on, but very unique, at least to my Montreal palate. We also ordered the cheese skillet thingy (I know that is not the official name but someone described it like that and when we asked the waiter he knew what we wanted) that was good, and is a huge portion.  We are planning on using the leftover roasted cheese on an english muffin with an egg in the morning, ...to be continued Next came the mains, a medium heat butter chicken, MURGH BHARTA-A mélange of minced chicken and smoked eggplant,  we then opted for the Goat (bone in) with Phall sauce, one order of rice and one onion nan bread.I would reorder the Murtha and the butter chicken, both were very flavorful and super interesting.  The goat Phall will not be a repeat for two reasons, one the goat while good had a lot of l bones to deal with, so lamb with no bone is more to my liking, second, the sauce is not really anything you can eat comfortably.  I only had a couple of taste, but Tim my hubby plowed through and ended up soaked with sweat.  He is a self procalimed hot pro and while he loved it it is not for everyone, but don't worry the menu identifies these follies with 3 peppers, so read the label and buyer beware.  Also note the portions are actually very big, we obviously ordered way too much for one meal, but they do wrap them in great carry away boxes.The whole meal cost a mere 121$ which is an amazing value for the quality of food, 3 beers, plus a half pitcher, plus the interesting flavors, service, lovely decor and easy to get to nice location, Fellow yelpers add this to your must try list, you won't be disappointed.
Dhaba is a lovely restaurant.  the service was great.  why does it lack stars.The naan and chutney were the best part of the meal.  We ordered Chicken Tikka,butter chicken, and Tandoori chicken tikka.  The dishes lacked flavor.  I was not impressed. Indian food is one of my favorite cuisines.  I would try another restaurant next time.
Normally I wouldn't be crazy about a place like this. It's really crowded, really noisy, really cramped and really loud--you can't even hear the person right next to you. But the food! Best Indian I've ever had. Really spicy but really tasty. The chicken with mango curry is just so.......yum. Also had Aunt Muhrli's lamb, Aloo Tikiki Chat, and some nice breads. Even the peppery chips were the best I've had. My head felt like it was exploding but no lingering after effects.
We headed over to Dhaba today for the buffet.  We made the trip based on several online review sites.  The service was quite good but the buffet was mediocre at best.  My wife and I agreed that we have better Indian buffets in Tucson, Arizona (which is a sad statement).
I wish I could give this place 3.5 stars, but if I had to pick one, I would choose 3 and not 4 stars.  If this place was a little cheaper, I would give it 4 stars.  The food isn't bad, but def not worth the price you pay.  The papad came stale, and the wait on a weekend can be a bit much.
My favorite indian spot in the city.  Yes the service can be a little slow/spotty but that's because this place is always PACKED.  Most indian places are so dead I feel awkward in them, but not Dhaba.  I have been craving their lamb madras every since i ate there last sunday.  We had the samosas (pretty yummy, nothing amazing), the shrimp in curry (AWESOME sauce.. we were licking it off the spoons.. sauce + naan = heaven) and the madras, korma, vindaloo and tikka masala.  Their lamb is so tender-not fatty or gamey.  The masala was a little more tomatoey than i'm used to, but still delicious.  they are also really good at making stuff extra spicy.  We had to order more naan bc we couldn't let the sauces go to waste. All in all literally every bite was eaten.*Big Bonus- SUPER cheap beers!! The 20 oz. drafts are $6 for good beers and every bottled beer is $5!! Even Stone, Blue Moon, Blanche de Bruxelles (aka nice craft beers) were the same price as a bud. amazing.  apps, entrees, sides and a round of drinks = $130 for four.  pretty good!!
I had a terrible experience there last night.  It started out nicely and the food was descent.  Then an hour and half into our meal, the waiter started being rude.  He tried to take away our dishes before we were done eating.  He interrupted our conversation many times to get us to leave.  We looked at the door to see if there was a line and there wasn't.  We were three South Asian women and maybe that is why he thought he could get away with treating us so badly.  The white men next to us who were there just as long were never disturbed.  To be honest, this is the case with many South Asian restaurants.  They treat South Asians without regard and give their best service to whites.  It is unfortunate because up until the bad treatment, I was thinking of coming back with other friends.  But now I know I will be treated badly so why come here.
Delicious! The food was great- we ordered a bunch of things and they were all really good.  they have a special section of british curry and we tried balchao with chicken, the taste was nothing like i've ever had.  the usual: tandoori medley, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, etc., were all better than most restaurants in nyc.  forgot what else we ordered but ask the server for recommendations- the manager served us and he was very friendly.  make sure to get one of their beers as well- sea dog apricot wheat ale went really well with all the spices. all in all, great night of food, beer, and attractive decor. one of my favorite indian places in new york!ps- gotta go back and try the lunch buffet.
Ate there last night - food was great, atmosphere was decent if a bit crowded and loud, and the service was very good.
I was hesitant about Dhaba.  Too trendy to be good, I thought. Not so.  The place was modern, yet very cozy and comfortable.  It was pretty full for a Sunday night, but our table for two still felt intimate.  We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Goat Curry.  Both were great (especially the Goat dish).  Authentic food + Modern setting + Fun Indian Music = Yumtastic Indian Dining Experience!
Small place.Dark lights.Small portions. I ordered this chicken with rice. I actually do not know what was in it as I was eating, but it was pretty tasty. A bit spicy, but not too much. My first meal at an Indian restaurant!Looking at the menu confused me because I did not know what was what. They just listed the Indian names and a brief English description. Some didn't even have English! How was I supposed to know what to eat?!The waiter didn't remember who ordered what (and we couldn't help them since we didn't know what they were either!), but they were nice.Very crowded place. The waiters didn't have a chance to stop. Good thing was: we didn't need to tell them to refill our drinks, they went around doing so.This place needs me to go again, haha :)There's more food to try!
Went with a few friends to eat. We were totally craving good indian. We heard about Dhaba and decided to try it seeing as the design in the restaraunt is pretty nice and it was POPPING inside. We were seated right away and we looked at the menu. The waiter was hilarious cracking jokes and made some reccommendations that were amazing. You MUST try the butter masala, Rose Lassi Drink, and Murgh Bharta. All of which were to die for. Will definitely return not only for the food but for the AMAZING service with a wink.
The three cold blocks from my office to Dhaba...free.Lunch buffet...$9.95.Seeing the look on the waiter's face when my lunch partner went back for his fourth plate of food...priceless.
I gotta say... I like this place.I ordered the lamb biryani & my friend ordered the shrimp... something.It was girlfriend's bday so we ordered a bottle of wine, took waiter's recommendation for it.  Eh.  Bad selection, bad decision. By the time food came... granted was a lil drunk off the wine... nonetheless.. I think I would've liked the lamb biryani just the same in my sober state as well.  I kid.  I've been there a couple of times, their biryani is quite decent.  Not too greasy, raita that goes w/ it is works well... altogether, not a bad place at all.
Excellent food, chilli chicken, a shrimp appetizer, chicken biryani, panner with green chillies, Nans, chicken tikka masala. The Kulfi was the best.The shrimp entree came out very dry, they offered to remake it but we said that's fine.The place is really cramped with some kind of very uncomfortable plastic chairs if you are seated in the middle.Excellent service.
Went there 4-5 times for dinner and twice for lunch buffet. Out of all the entrees i had, i really loved their crispy okra and palak paneer. Weekend buffet was great with about 8-9 entrees, couple of appetizers and couple of chaat items. There was chilly chicken which i kind of felt is not that fresh and it had lot of gravy; chicken tikka masala was great; then they had goat biryani which was not that spicy. Vegetarian items were palak paneer, chana masala, aloo-bhindi and punjabi kadi - all of which were tasting good. I loved their pain-puri which was kept on a side table with various chutneys and Dahi bada. What i love the most is that, they serve you fresh naan at your table as soon as you are settled with ur plate and start eating. They also served tandoori chicken, pac-bhaaji and bhel at the table which all were yumm...Pav-bhaaji was out of the world... I am gonna go back to this place again n again for the buffet as its the best buffet in Kips Bay.
One of my favorite Indian spots in Curry Hill. I originally came here for the mango lassi (comes in a large mason jar!), and kept coming back for the food. They make all your standard Indian food, and it's all delicious. I'd probably come here again if I were in the mood for North Indian, and go to Saravana for South Indian.  And prices are pretty decent. So nothing to complain about!
Best Indian restaurant in the area.  Must try the lunch buffet, can't be beat.  Clean and trendy vibe with good service.
I've had the lunch buffet here a couple years ago and thought it was great value for the food/variety, a deal for $12.95. Then went to dinner is definitely more over priced and not as good as the lunch buffet.
I have eaten there three times within the last six months and it has alway been consistently good.   There suggestions are always first rate. Here is a good place to dine with friends.
This place is definitely not a 4/5 star. The food is just okay. And yeah even we had a strand of hair in papad. We ordered malai kofta. Asked to make it spicy but it was not even close to spicy. And never even try DB recommended paneer kali mirch. It is full of black pepper. This is not a place for Indian vegetarians!
I been to different resaturants in Manhattan, I believe it`s new place, let me tell you what i have experienced, Menu it`s just the regular indian delicasies,  i went there without  any  expectation, but when i took the first bite , wow, its realy give me that indian feeling, i immedialty ask the server who cook the food,, they have some ladies from india , The reason i want to bring this to every one is , i don`t think any indian restaurants have ladies making food, hey folks, ladies can give  the real home feast.This is the place you must try,,,,,,,, Do not  forget to order chilli pakora,,and samosa, though it`s the basic indian snacks, but you will experience the taste,, I GIVE 10 OUT OF 10 FOR THIS PLACE
The best non-veg platter on earth. The food is outstanding. The chicken tikka masala, goat curry are the best. Excellent service and decor. The prices are reasonable. Great food. I highly recommend it. One must try.
Food was tasty, had a fish curry, which the sauce was slamming, but the fish it self was a bit too salty.  They messed up and gave us the wrong order of Chicken curry, when it was suppose to be Lam, but they let us have it for free.  So it was all good.  I liked the indian music in the background, although it does gets a little bit loud because this place gets crowded.
The lunch buffet is really tasty (but not amazing).  There are several options, and they bring lots of fresh naan to the table.  Great price for what you get!
Awesome lunch buffet. Make sure to go there JUST when the door is open. Otherwise, you'll stuck with many other hungry people!
Reasonably priced Indian restaurant in Curry Hill with a wide selection of meat/vegetarian, curry/no curry dishes. The paneer saag and lamb korma were excellent and Dhaba's Nan should not be overlooked.
Only my second time eating the food, but very impressed. All high quality ingredients and they know how to make papardom correctly (i.e. Not fried). The tikka masala, spinach, and lentils are all top notch. Great find!
For the price, it isn't worth it.  Go to a cheaper place and fill your belly with the same stuff for less.
i think this is the best indian food in the city (please note that i am a Korean girl who has had a fair share of indian food, but is by no means a connoisseur). the tikka masala is sacred here. the light in me bows to the tikka masala in you, Dhaba.yabba-dhaba-doo
After moving from SF, I found a serious dearth of good Indian food in New York. Sounds weird, but as I barely leave Manhattan, it was hard to find a decent Indian place that doesn't serve just 'Chicken Tikka Masala'... ugh.. fucking chicken tikka masala... anyways - Dhaba is fairly new in the Lexington Av corridor in Curry Hill. The ambiance is great, service is friendly and quick - and most importantly, the food is superb. The menu has an excellent variety of dishes. 100% North Indian, in fact, most authentically from Punjab. It took a while to decide what to order. Be careful when you order spicy, as they don't fuck around for the average 'spicy' bs. I was happy to have roomali rotee after a while, and they served 'jalebees with warm milk', which I thought was very unique.Dhaba is far better than any of the jackasses in Curry Hill. Definitely my favorite Indian restaurant in New York.
one of my favorite places for indian food, except I imagine there can be a slight wait during peak times. But I've personally never waited more than 15 minutes.highly recommend:- chicken tikka masala- lamb korma- any of the flavored naans!- mango lassiDhaba is great for a casual dinner spot with a group of friend (I'd say 4 max), not a romantic date place
Dhaba is my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC.  I highly recommend checking it out.  No dish to date has disappointed.
Had Sunday brunch here yesterday, the Sunday after Thanksgiving.  Don't know what I was thinking - having already eaten way too much in the past 2 days!  But Dhaba is reliable.  The food is very good, though the noise level is a bit too loud to have a conversation.  There was something new this visit, a carrot halva dessert, that was absolutely fabulous!  I looked up the recipe when I got home, & it looks a bit complex to make, so I hope they'll have it every time I go.   And they give you a couple of dishes at the table even with buffet brunch - a chicken tandoori drumstick (even my husband who doesn't usually like dark meat likes this); a plate of bhel puri (I looked that one up, too - too complex to bother making at home, but very tasty!); a basket of naan & roti; and a dish that tasted like an Italian tomato sauce, with bread that even looks like a slice of Italian bread, which was pretty good also.Dhaba does not disappoint.
This is one of the best Indian restaurants I have ever been to. It is better to make reservation before you go there. The place is not big, but it looks very fancy. I highly recommend sweet lassi, and I think I will order this one again next time. And its curry is also fantastic.
The worst Indian food I've had in manhattan. We ordered tandoori chicken, prawn malai curry, mattar paneer and dal tadka for delivery and it took no less than 2 hours, and to top it off they got the order wrong. Even that wouldn't have been a problem had the food been good.
One of my favorite Indian restaurants in NYC. They have an incredible lunch buffet that will not disappoint.
Food was very good, and services were very kind and sweet. The only thing that I were not so into was during the night, the music was so loud and crowed, i couldn't even hear what people said to me..But it really didn't that matter.. Chicken Tika somthing I forgot the name was so tasty!!
One of my favorite Indian Restaurants! Their buffet has delicious food for a very low price. Sure there aren't lines and lines of different types of food, but there is typically two types of rice, buttered chicken, another meat dish, vegetarian dishes, etc. There are also two types of desserts (both of which are really good). Also, their naan always tastes fresh and is delivered to your table nice and hot (as well as other appetizers from the kitchen that come free with the buffet). Though I highly recommend the lunch buffet here, their dinner is also good. Their Tikka Masala was well seasoned and cooked, and the prices were typical for a nice Indian entree. Their Lassi is also quite nice, though a little bit on the too sweet side. Overall, if you are in this part of town and are looking for a great place to eat, head over to Dhaba!
Dhaba was our dinner destination based on a suggestion by a co-worker after we decided on chicken for dinner. Being from Indian decent he thought Dhaba would please my appetite and sense of adventure for cool places and great food in New York. He was spot on. We entered the place around 9:30 and it looked pretty packed but we got a table for the 3 of us and had plenty of space. The service was swift, funny and efficient. We decided on Kingfishers all around, which came in German (HoffBrau Haus) beer mugs and water in "moonshine jars", a nice touch. We ordered Chicken Tikka Marsala, Lamb Rogan Josh, Chicken Curry (bone in), sag paneer, Dal Makhni (lentils), naan, garlic naan and rice. Sounds like a lot, well it was a lot, but folks the people in the Dhaba kitchen know how to cook Indian food. I am no expert, but had my share of Indian food in several different countries including India. It was authentic, tasty, not too crazy spicy and totally right enough size. I strongly recommend the place and will certainly be back on one of my future trips to the City.
Great lunch buffet on Saturday and it costs $10.95 which is awesome. The food is typical north Indian and delicious.
This is my go to Indian place in the city. Anytime someone is visiting I am sure to have them come by. Having lived abroad in India this is one of the most authentic Indian dining experiences in the city. It is absolutely delicious and flavorful. The mango lhassis are refreshing and bold. I started with the samosas and pakoras which are incredible as well. You cannot go wrong with any of the curry dishes although I usually go with the lamb because it is so moist.  The ambiance is young, colorful, and always has some fun music playing. Great place to go with friends or on a date!
One of my favorite Indian dinner places in the city! The food is sooo good! Baingin Bharta and all the biryanis are fantastic. My only recommendation would be to let the waiters know if you want the food more mild, because otherwise it comes out medium/spicy.
A previous reviewer mentioned that this restaurant is yet another reason he does not have abs. Were I not to have abs of steel*, the kind you could actually wash clothes on**, I would have to concur.Rock solid food, and the bang for the buck is absolutely ridiculous during lunch time, as it comes out to under $11 before tip if you can restrain yourself to drinking water. You know, that stuff that comprises 70-some-odd percent of you. In fact, they must have seen how thin I am, as they kept bringing me even more food than I had already managed to pile onto my plate. Chicken pieces that were fall-off-the-bone good were brought around and doled out, fresh hot naan bread dropped off as soon as I sat back down with said plate of food. The seating can be a little cramped in here if you get put up against the wall to that runs along the left side of the restaurant. I literally had a guy wagging his ass less than 3 inches from my food as he tried to manuever out from between the two tables, and he only chose my side because the other side was even tighter. Not a deal breaker by any means, as it is the middle of lunch at a popular spot. I just wish they would bring the check quicker; it took no fewer than 14 tries for me to get someone's attention to get the check. 14. So if you have a few minutes to chill at the end of the meal, and given the level of fullness you will feel after a meal here (which is what I think being pregnant feels like) then by all means you should attend. Don't have time? Fuck it. Call in late.* By abs of steel, I mean if I pull my skin taught and lean back a little, and it's just under the right light and you have a great imagination, they're there.** I hope you don't plan on said clothes getting clean. Unless you're good with them simply being rubbed repeatedly on my 6 pack of the Gods.
This review is for delivery only, but I have had nothing but positive experiences with Dhaba.  I adore the Chicken Tikka Masala from this place - I love the lunch special, which comes with rice, naan, and dal.  For the amount and quality of food you get, you really can't beat Dhaba.
I've had Indian food all over the world, and the food at Dhaba ranks among the best. Every dish was cooked just right, and the Naan was truly amazing--worth going back just for that.  My family and I thought the atmosphere was very cool too.  The only reason it does not get five stars from me is that the service was just OK.  In a place that small it should not be so hard to flag someone down to order more delicious naan.  A minor point, however, and I can't wait to go back.
Delicious Indian food, good service. Very generous portions which are ideal for sharing. My only complaint is that the tables are very "cozy" but this is NYC so this is not unexpected or a deal breaker.
My coworkers and I order from this place at least once a week, because of their ridiculously delicious food and the enormous portions of their lunch specials.  It comes with a main entree, rice, lentils (dal), and a ginormous piece of naan.  For 9 bucks, especially in this area, this is an awesome deal.  Everything I've had there is delicious, though I tend to stick with the chicken tikka masala.  Also, great service.  I accidentally ordered chicken tikka, instead of chicken tikka masala (silly me), and they replaced it for free,and let me keep the original chicken tikka.  Only damper is the somewhat long delivery time.  We usually budget in about 1-1.5 hours of waiting time if we order during peak the peak lunch rush.  And our office is about a 10 minute walk from there..yes yes, I know I can just go pick it up myself then and save the time, but c'mon!  Cold weather outside!!!  I'd love to try their sit-down lunch buffet as well sometime.
I have eaten at Dhaba once before and was very impressed with their food. A few friends from out of town wanted to visit a good Indian restaurant in NYC and I made reservations at Dhaba.  They called back the next day saying that they would be too busy to accommodate my party of 20 for lunch.. Good food bad service, hence the 1 star!
Came here for their lunch buffet this past Saturday, for roughly $11, you get a decent selection of chicken, lamb, rice, and veggies on the buffet.  They also serve naan with the buffet.  Service was good, but the food really wasn't that memorable.  There wasn't a dish on the buffet that I would be dying to go back for.
This is like the Platonic ideal of Indian food.  Seriously.  Best I've had in the United States.  Have had a fairly wide variety of dishes from their relatively ambitious menu -- curries, chaat, vegetarian dishes, more fusion-y kind of stuff -- and they've pretty much nailed everything.  Pay attention to the little chili pepper icons on their menu ... if they say it's spicy, it's seriously, intricately, not dumbed-down-for-white-people spicy.  I've yet to find a friend brave enough to split the Phaal with me, however.Drawback: the service is SLOW and a little indifferent.  It seems actually to have improved some -- they'll now give you some papadum when you sit down, which I don't think they used to do before. But nevertheless, plan accordingly: don't expect to get in and out of there under an hour, and don't expect to be able to intercept a waiter if you're hoping to order another beer, curry dish, etc. Just order all the food and booze you need when you sit down and then lean back and enjoy.
all you need to know is that this will be the best indian food you'll eat. my mouth is watering just thinking about this place as i write this review.
I discovered Dhaba a few weeks after it opened, and I've been a fan ever since. Not only is the food consistently good, the service is gracious and attentive. I like to dine early because it gets busy rather quickly.I absolutely love the goat dishes, which are hard to come by; most Indian restaurants offer just lamb. The okra dishes are also outstanding: the okra is always tender, non-fibrous. This indicates how good Dhaba's business is: its vegetables are quickly sold and don't languish in the kitchen.Look for Leon, one of Dhaba's wonderful waiters. He and his team mates will look after you.
Small place. Party of four, was seated right away at 7pm on Saturday. Food was good. Minus 1 star because I've had better basmati rice and the table was wobbly - super annoying.
This place is so good, that Indians from India, i.e. me and my friends absolutely loved it because of its home-cooked flavors! It's hard to find places in the city that make North Indian food as they should- even the ones in Curry Hill. We had the 8.95 lunch buffet. All you can eat, accompanied by complementary appetisers and desert. The waiters bring hot naan and tandoori chicken while you enjoy the fabulous meal. Simply delicious and worth the money! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
Lunch buffet: Awesome. Such a good deal. Just go! I only wish they also had garlic naan as an option at the buffet, but that's just me being picky.
My absolutely best best best Indian restaurant ever!!!! Great service and even better food! We have been there as a couple, with friends and even our kids! Everyone was also happy and introduced a new cuisine to some doubters of Indian food. Def the best!
Very small and crowded, and I was afraid that even with a reservation we would have to wait. We got there a half hour early and to my surprise were seated immediately. For appetizers we got the samosa's and Onion Bhaji. Samosas were fairly standard and the Bhaji were extremely tasty. I ordered a Lamb Dhansak which also was very good, my girlfriend ordered Kali Mirch chicken which was also very tasty. I thought it was a bit thrifty that we had to pay extra for rice as I always thought that came with your dish. All in all the dishes were very flavorful and if I were to rate just the food they probably would have gotten 4 stars. However, I felt the restaurant was way too cramped. Granted though I am a big guy, I still do not feel that I should be constantly bumped into by servers passing my table. Also, and more importantly, a waiter dropped a glass full of red wine that splattered on my girlfriend. Shit happens I get it.  Everyone apologized a million times for the mistake, but I would have thought the apology a bit more sincere if something was taken off the bill. For anybody close enough, definitely get this to go or delivered.
Probably my favorite place on Curry Hill.  I want to keep trying different places, but I am always drawn back here.  I wish the prices were a little cheaper, but they have a wide variety of options (including "british curries") and everything always turns out good.  If you are new to the area and not sure where to start I would definitely recommend here.
Me and a friend from seattle went try after reading the reviews. it was around 5 pm, and there was a party going on. Without a thought, we ordered our food, and sat for 20 minutes and got nothing. I asked the waitor about our food, and he went into the kitchen to ask, but came out with no answer and went to help his workmates move an ice maker across the restaurant. waitresses continuously avoided eye contacts with me, and when I asked again about my food, they said my food is coming. about 10 minutes later, they told me that my food will be out NOW. So I told them, I will wait 2 more minutes, because they only keep saying that the food is coming. 2minutes later I was fed up to the lies, I walked out. We had pizza instead at Mike's. We will not go back regardless of the reviews, because they left me feeling ignored just because they had a party..
So my parents, sister and I went to NYC for a few days, and being Indian, my fam was like...we should get Indian food!  We were staying in Times Square (friggin awesome btw), and decided it would be nice to try out this place that our hotel concierge suggested.  When I first walked in, I was a bit skeptical as it was mid-day and we were the only brown ppl in the entire building aside from the serving crew.  However, the food was not bad...really.  It was actually pretty decent.  The only thing was that it seemed over-priced for what they were serving, and the dishes were pretty darn simple.  (It was buffet).  I mean, if you're gonna serve Indian food at lunch-time on a weekday in a busy metropolitan area, and 95% of your guests are business executives (at least that's what it seemed like), then at least serve something exotic!  Mind you, I had a pretty nasty cold while I was there in NYC, (cuz you know, being a Los Angeles native, my body just adapts so amazingly to 6 degree climate), so maybe things just didn't taste right to me, and that's my own problem.So as we paid the bill and were heading out (which btw, in California...is a much more simpler task, i.e. u just get up and walk out...versus in NYC, you have to put on 15 layers before you can exit a building), this waiter comes running over to me semi-shouting that I did not tip him "enough".  I was like...umm...first of all, my dad was the one who paid the bill, and second of all, what do you mean "enough".  dude...it's a tip.  u get what u deserve!  and it was a buffet,....the only thing u did was seat us.  I think the 15% I gave u was sufficient!  And he seriously started arguing with me about how it's supposed to be 20% tip, and we short-changed him.  And no, the waiter was not Indian, or I would have cussed him out in my own language and walked off...but alas no...the bus execs were all giving me dirty looks at this point, and my fam, simply was walking away to let me fend for myself (gotta love them).  So i just ended up adding the measly few dollars I had in my wallet to his tip, to which he replied "Oh thank you, you are MOST kind!  Please come again!"um...me thinks not douche.
Went for dinner with my wife & one of our off spring.  While the atmosphere is meant to portray the dhaba experience, the dim lighting makes for difficult reading of the menu.  A bit over zealous on tables within the limited acerage.  Service attentive.  Food, overly spiced and heavy (makhni chicken, goat curry, vegetable purée, paneer).  Nans (plain, garlic, onion) were well made.   Food quality, 2 service 3 as per parents.  Off spring would give a bit more.
Dhaba is wonderful! I was in NY this past Saturday visiting my sister, and we were looking for a lunch buffet. Interesting to note (I am not a New Yorker), many of the Curry Hill restaurants do not offer a lunch buffet on Saturdays. Dhaba did though, and it was wonderful! And at $9.95, it was a great deal. They had fairly standard Indian buffet foods, like chicken makhani, dal, tandoori chicken, lamb curry, aloo gobi and paneer, but it was very fresh, well spiced, and unique. It didn't give me heartburn (a plus for sure!) and the waiters were friendly and refreshed our naan basket frequently. The gulab jamuns were fantastic, too.Overall, great price, great food, I am a fan. I would definitely go back.
One of the few places in nyc where you can get authentic spicy Indian food!!  It's a small place and mostly crowded and noisy. But that's exactly what the name implies....  A roadside Indian restaurant!!
Great deal - $11 for a lunch deal for an all-you-can-eat buffet! I expected a large selections of food, but it was only about 10 different types of food. The food was hot and tasty and some are spicy. They also gave us baskets of buttered bread which were so good and yummy! The waiters were also very courteous about giving us a second helping of the buttered bread and also putting tables together for us (we were a large group = about 10-12 people). The waiters were also generous with filling our glasses too and were very attentive when we had questions. Overall, absolutely amazing service and tasty Indian food, though not enough selections! Must return!
All u can eat indian food with 15-20 indian dishes to choose from. Food were very well cook, spices were not over powering and meat wasn't over cooked. Service were excellent.  The place is a little packed but comfortable. Its 10 dollars per person for lunch buffet.  Pretty good bang for the buck. A great place for a taste of indian, I def recommend.
Overrated! Saw on Yelp and decided to check it out for dinner. The service was great, especially considering all of the asks we had of them (we had a big party, needed to be in and out quickly, and many of the people in the party have never tried Indian food before). They essentially have 3 rows of seating. Middle row is a little tight, but any of the side ones are comfy, especially the booths. Food was so-so. I've had better, cheaper, Indian buffet than the food at this place. The kadai bhindi was way too oily, and the chicken tikka masala was too plain. The naan could've been more chewy and fuller, but it was rather oily and crispy.The portions were also not too large, but they didn't come with naan/rice, that had to be ordered separately.
I saw good reviews about this restaurant on yelp, so I decided to go there with my friends. However, the food is not that great. Before I went, I had such a high expectation. But it turned out to be a little bit disappointed. Rice and the naans are not free even if you order curry and other main courses. The price is a bit high. The service is veeerrry slow. The major problem is still the food -- it's not authentic! I mean Im not Indian, I don't really know what authentic Indian food will taste like. But I've been to amazing indian restaurant in China, Thailand, Boston, and other cities and countries, they taste amazing, unlike the food in Dhaba. Anyway, it's not a bad experience. I just hope the food and service can be better. Btw, if anyone wants better indian food, you should take the LIRR and go to a restaurant in Hicksville called "new chilly and curry". Their food is the best in the US!!
Best Indian food I have ever had, and I've had a lot. The service and decor were mediocre, but the food and wine were superb. I will be going back as soon as any type of craving for garlic naan enters my mind :)
Please don't miss the "Langar waali Daal" here... totally awesome!!!
I've been to this restaurant a few times.  Every time I go, the food is good, but the service is terrible.  I had family visiting from California last week and we went there.  I asked for the pappard with chutney 4 times and told it was coming each time.....it never came.  Had to ask for napkins 3 times and got 1 napkin for 3 people.  Asked for spoons twice and got 2 spoons for 3 people. It's not enjoyable to eat at a restaurant when you are constantly asking for stuff.  Very disappointing.
This place is alright. I've never had Indian food before but i was satisfied with Dhaba. Service was weird. When we were seated, they did not offer us a menu or come to greet us. I finally had to turn around and pretty much ask for service and a menu. (there was perhaps 1 other table occupied at the time and there were several staff members just standing around) It was almost as if it was their first day on the job.Food: About on par with what i expected. The best was the spicy chicken drumsticks.
So excited after an early day hanging out with the bestie, we were starved. She suggested Indian! I was READY! Arrived at Dhaba right before rush hour. We were taken in by the lovely atmosphere and ambiance. Beautiful place! Gee, they must pay an arm and a leg for rent. The prices of the food reflected that. The prices were not great...at all. There were SOOOO many food options though! I was lost on what to order! The food was good. NOT great! I have had some of the BEST indian food OUTSIDE of India! This place fell a bit short. There is NO option to have a meal TOGETHER. All dishes are served as an entree and rice or veggies AND bread (Naan) come separate or as a side. Thats ridiculous! My BFF's drink was pretty good though. The drinks were too pricey for me to order one of my own.  I ordered the Chicken Tikka, there were a few pieces of chicken, a SIDE of basmati rice and a SIDE of Naan. Sadly, I couldn't afford to order veggies too! Way too expensive! Not worth it. Food was not bad though. I did have enough for lunch the next day! Ha!
awesome lunch buffet, great vibe, excellent service, fun music, young and hip curry hill Indian restaurant. Spicy and good.
Have to say that their food is not that great. I have been there twice and probably ordered 4-5 dishes every single time and have been disappointed on every dish we ordered. I know what Indian food taste likes and I have been cooking for years and know when the food is missing something - some of the curries were not fully cooked, I could taste the spices being raw still.After the 2nd time, I have decided to stay away from this places, NY has much better places for that price.
My girlfriend and i decided to come here after work on a thursday night. Granted that she did make a reservation an hour before we arrived but they did say she was good to go. We got here and the place was packed ! The hostess did say we would have to wait even thou we did had reservation ( i guess ours wasn't honored). We did just to wait by the bar and have ourselves a well deserved cocktail for the long day we've been through. There were two people the bar, one girl who was busy looking at the checks and the other was a guy who looked like he didn't know what the hell was going on. We had to repeat our drink order like 3 times before they understood what we were talking about. That was about it for the down side of this place. Waiters was on point, food was tasty and def easy on the wallet. I'd come back to get my tikki fix but this time id think id make a reservation adleast 2 hrs in advance this time :D
Dhaba is Dha bomb. Great menu with a good mix of favorites and new dishes. Over-ordered as always with sheek kobob, potato cakes, butter chicken and fish tikka masala for the two of us. Service was quick and the food hot. Only downside was the beer which was a little flat - otherwise a very good dining experience.
We absolutely love Chola, Dhaba's big-sister restaurant on the East Side, and Dhaba is rapidly becoming a favourite. We have walked in there twice now - both times without a reservation - because we just found ourselves in Curry Hill with one of those end-of-a-long-hard-week rapid-onset cravings for home food. The good stuff: The food is consistently delicious (similar to Chola). The first time we ordered Pahadi Chicken Kabab for appetizers and Roomali Rotis with a Vegetable "Balchao" (the menu described this as a Goan-style curry with vinegar, mustard and curry leaves). The second time we ordered Butter Chicken, a Vegetable "Achari" (veggies in a slightly tart pickling sauce) and Dahiwali Bhindi (okra cooked in a spiced yogurt sauce). The Balchao - unconventional as it sounded - was terrific and something I'm looking forward to ordering again, once I've tried everything else on their curry menu. One of the nice things about Dhaba is their extensive menu, again similar to Chola. The last page - easy to overlook - has a listing of "British Curry House" -style curries that include the Balchao, the Balti, the Jalfrezi, the Achari and many others. Each curry has a distinct flavour profile - not something that you can say of many of the other similarly-priced Indian places in the city. Their service is also a high point - its efficient and friendly, and the waitstaff are knowledgeable. The not-so-good stuff about Dhaba is the fact that the tables are a very tight fit. You are at serious risk of knocking over your neighbour's wineglass when getting in and out of your table, particularly in the winter with coats all over the place. On the bright side, the space is vibrant. This place is rapidly becoming our go-to place in Curry Hill when the Indian Food Monster attacks!
Outstanding! One of the best Indian restaurants I have ever been to. The menu variety and options were great. You can choose your own sauce and level of spice. Mmmm mmmm good!
I love Dhaba, and I can't believe I haven't written a review for them!  My FAVORITE Indian restaurant in NYC.  The atmosphere in the restaurant is swanky, and the food coming out of the kitchen is deliciously traditional.  The Chicken Korma is my favorite, and their naan is amazing.  Also, you can't go wrong with their mango lasi!  Love Dhaba!
AMAZING Sunday buffet deal!  For like $12.95, you get the entire buffet.  Plus, they bring out naan and appetizers to your table.  What is not to like?And the food was legit.  Most of the clientele that morning were Indian, and my (Indian) friend that I went with commented that the food was good.  I enjoyed the tikka masala a lot.  They have a selection of meat, a fish, rice, vegetarian, and desserts!Awesome awesome.  I plan on coming for the buffet again!
5 stars for the food. I arrived after their buffet hours and ordered the tomatoey shrimp curry with white onions, ginger, and an aromatic herb-spice (there's a name for it, I'm sure) with rice and it was the best curry I've ever had in my life. Mind you, I eat curry from every culture quite regularly but this place hit all the right spots in terms of freshness and bold flavor. The atmosphere's chilled and the lemon-soda with salt and sugar oddly complemented this fine meal.
I think Dhaba is easily the best Indian food in NYC. I'm originally from London where I think everyone agrees that Indian food is excellent and I feel that Dhaba is up there with the best of the UK restaurants. I've tried their kebabs, egg curry, saag paneer, daal and a bunch of other things and its always been amazing. They have a huge menu and ambience and service is very good. Would go back there any day!
Best on Lex Ave. Have been going here for the past year, and the quality has never wavered. I have very high expectations for Indian food, and the taste of this food has always met it. If you are thinking Indian food around Lex, think Dhaba!
This place is average sized for a NY restaurant and the food is VERY GOOD! Let me state for the record that I am a food-fan but no foodie or food critic by any standard but I know good food when I smell it ;-)Background: This place was obliquely recommended to me and boy am I glad that I went there. We were a group of 6 (incl. 1 teen). We went early and had the choicest seat next to the bar. The appetizers (Paapad) were passable and hinted to me that the rest of the food being equally oily! Wrong assessment.Bar: We went for a standard red wine fare yet the recommended wine was pretty good - Malbec (Argentina's fare). Recommended.All dishes were ordered at "Medium" spicy levels and were good but in my personal and the group's preference we would have enjoyed "Spicy" better.Starters: Since the audience was a mix of veg and non-veg, we went all out and spanned the spectrum. Starters comprised of Methi/Palak Pakoda (Too dry inside; passable), Paneer Tikka (Paneer was fresh and the dish was decently good), Chicken Tikka (2nd best of the starter lot) and Chapli Kabab (Best of the starter lot!). Strong recommendations for non-veg. starters - Chapli Kabab. Veggies can safely go with Paneer Tikka (would be tasty good with chaat masala sprinkling on top if anyone from Dhaba's kitchen is reading this review!)Main course: 3 strong recommendations:(1) Goat Biryani (Get it Spicy IMHO). The acid test of any goat based dish is how well cooked the meat is without it being "chewy" - this one passed the test as soon as it landed on the plate - the meat came off the bone at the touch of the fork and then "almost" melted once eaten. I say "almost" because my palette was mixed and I will not hold that against the dish.(2) Goan Fish Curry - Get this with plain rice and you cannot go wrong. There is a good fish taste (not overbearing though!) and the curry spices and tastes holds its own in this combo. Malbec (though red) went surprisingly well with this dish(3) Egg Aloo Mix: Get this with any bread of your choice. Their Naan and Roti breads (thin enough to be crispy but not brittle!) are equally good. The curry that comes with this dish is EXCELLENT and I loved it at the first bite. The boiled eggs were cooked well to hold themselves together without disintegrating into the dish yet were easy enough to slice into with the assorted breads.Dessert: I will take a rain-check on this section to update @ a later point :-)Overall a great experience and the food was to match. Strongly recommended for Indian food lovers. I would definitely go back for a 2nd round with a hope of it not being as crowded and folks (diners, servers and those in waiting) falling all over each other ...
On a cold rainy evening, this restaurant was the only spot on the so-called "Indian block" of Lex. ave, which glimmered with warm lights as  busy crowd was indulging in its spicy flavors...Majority of people were actually Indian-looking (a good thing!!) so we can hope the food tastes good. The decor was modern art-deco, with some neon color splash here and there, and I spotted spice/grain filled tall glass tubes stacked along the walls... pretty cool!Now the menu...never have I been soo confused what to order... I truly wish some Indian person would join us to help us choose...Finally, we saw the article of NY Times right on the menu,suggesting the best dishes. We sorta blindly followed it, as the hunger was rising up and the time was running out. We got Kurkuri Bhindi (fried okra), Kadai Goat andsome Garlic Naan. The okra was blah, not too much flavor and too dry. And then we waited and waited for the Goat...10....15....25...30...min?? The chef must have been chasing our Goat in Times Square, as the animal was too stubborn to be cooked. On the fork, the bone-in meat was flavorful, and I should say worth the wait. Overall, I have to give this place another try and make sure I find an Indian date beforehand LOLPros: good food, sophisticated decorCons: little space, long wait, they charged me $2.95/per EACH small cup of tea (what a rip off), servers were not attentive
I initially was determined to visit Chinese Mirch during my stroll through Murray Hill. It was closed and I decided to check out Dhaba. It was terrific. I started with the spicy okra appetizer which was crispy and just the right size. For my main course I got the British Lamb curry. There are many varieties so you cant go wrong. They put a lot of meat in the dishes so it is perfect to share. I recommend the onion chili naan as a complement. Its insanely good and has a nice kick to it. The atmosphere does not feel like a murray hilll indian restauarant. It is more sleek and modern and a perfect place to eat dinner. Ill be back a lot.
Two years ago I gave this place a rave review, would go often back then, but haven't been in awhile. Wow has the food gone downhill. Ordered 5dishes, those that were suppose to be hot came out cold. The one dishthat was suppose to be cold was luke warm. Indian food like Chinese isnot good when it's at the wrong temperature.        One of the dishes was the lollipop chicken wings. These are one of my favorite things in the world, and have had them at all the indo chines place in the area. Not only did they come out cold, but the sauce tasted like ketchup. Lamb patties were dry and again cold.       Now this is the kicker, when I ask to see the manager, theytried to clear the table when there was obviously tons of food left. Thensome "manager" came over, not much discussion, took 3 dishes back.Without even asking me if i wanted them to do them over. (It was late and what the point. My meal was over.)I just wanted the check. So get this, He get changes clothes puts on his coat, waves and leaves.        And that what really got me, he neither care or probably wasn't the manager. Any hoo, I will never go back and currently un-endorsing it to anyone i endorsed in the past.. When I first yelped the rave review, the owners/management contacted me, I would love for them to contact me again.
Came to Dhaba for a small office luncheon. Everyone enjoyed the buffet, and the waitstaff was very attentive.Great food, great service, great price, great atmosphere.
My favorite Indian restaurant in NYC, and one of my very favorite restaurants in general. I love the dhaba (street food) in the front of the menu - things you have never eaten before. Try the cashews and the cauliflower dishes. I often just get a get a few of these front of the menu dishes for about $7 or $8, some bread, and that is a terrific meal. The lunch special, for $10, is also fabulous. I try to go early in the evening, since it gets crowded and noisy, always with a rez. at night. A terrific place.
The other day, my fiance and I were wandering around Curry Hill looking for chaat (Indian Street food). We had looked up a place online, but turns out that place didn't exist anymore, so we walked into Dhaba. It just hit the spot. We shared the Pav Bhaaji, Paani Poori, and Bhel Poori. He got a Masala tea, and I got a Salt Lassi. Aoijasdfalkjdsf so good. Being Indian (and by nature Indian food snobs), we were pleasantly surprised, and proceeded to stuff our faces with delicious food. Two days later, I ordered it for dinner. I'd definitely recommend.
Chicken tikki masala: The chicken was kind of dry.  I was hoping a place that has as many reviews as Dhaba would be able to make a tikki masala with some moist chicken!  Cheese naan:  This was very good.  A thin layer of cheese is stuffed inside the naan, making it more than just slightly cheese flavored.  It was actually CHEESE naan.  Very yum.Bottom line:  Probably not coming back unless I run out of Indian restaurant options, but seeing that Dhaba is located in the heart of "Little India", I think there will be better places to try.
This is not the most traditional Indian food spot but it is really good. Their lamb biryani was my favorite but every thing we ordered was excellent too. Nice atmosphere, seating was a little tight (but its Manhattan), and it is a little pricey. Service was also great, very friendly and attentive staff. Looking forward to trying their lunch buffet :o)
Awesome chole, roomali roti, and pani puri! My fellow diners enjoyed the lamb curry, chicken peppercorn, and chicken wings.  One of the few places that serves Kingfisher beer on tap. The portion sizes are pretty good. Friendly and fast service. I took away a star for their mango lassi + champagne cocktail and Shrimp Dhaba curry- the lassi's consistency was a tad too thick for a champagne cocktail. Also, the shrimp in the Dhaba Curry entree was a bit undercooked, though the  curry itself was delicious! I'm looking forward to going back to Dhaba.
This section of Murray Hill is nicknamed "curry hill" due to the plethora of Indian restaurants concentrated in the area. I ate dinner here on a Saturday night due to a recommendation. The decor and atmosphere was modern and sleek, but I would've preferred a more traditional Indian setting. The restaurant resembled more of a contemporary SoHo furniture store; it even looked as if there were panels of fabric on the walls like a fabric store would have, but that was just "art." It didn't help matters that the staff wore matching "Dhaba" tee shirts, as if this was a chain restaurant. Atmosphere aside, the food was very good. We ordered a bunch of entrees: chicken marsala, a lentil dish, a chickpea dish, and an okra appetizer. The food was reasonably priced, but the beverages were completely overpriced. We each ordered refills of green tea, and that drove our bill up considerably. Finally, I would rate the service as mediocre. They did their job fine and well, but they offered no insight into the entrees. Overall, I wish the restaurant and staff would go the extra mile and embrace its rich heritage instead of running away from it, and only then would it differentiate itself from every other midtown restaurant.
Good food, try butter chicken n rumali roti... didn't hv all the drinks listed
My lady took me to Dhaba tonight and the food was wonderful.  Perhaps the best Indian I've had in NYC.  My two favorite places for Indian are Mitali on 6th Street and Heritage India in DC.  The service is decidedly eh and Murray Hill's douchiness clearly seeped in but the food is worth it.  We had Mulligatawny Soup, Kalmi Kabob, Habanero Naan and Lamb Vindaloo.  All were excellent.
Dhaba serves up fantastic food in huge portions at reasonable prices. The decor is interesting, and strikes a nice balance between classy and unpretentious. I would not call it "comfortable" as others have though, simply because its not homey at all, but obviously a restaurant. The dishes were all spicy, but not crazy, and amazing. The Naan was especially good as was a bowl of peppered cashew nuts as an appetizer. I highly recommend both. Only reason that I'm not giving it a 5 is that I would have liked more light, to see my food by, and it was a little noisy. I will absolutely be back.
Good food, nice atmosphere. Waiter was border-line charming, both my date and I enjoyed his recommended changes to our order.
Did not enjoy this at all. Everything was nothing but hot. There was no depth of flavor just heat. It all tasted the same and that would be like hot nothing.  Too many other choices in the neighborhood.
If you think this is great indian food, I would have to say you haven't experienced great indian food. I came in for lunch buffet today. Very average. The waiters were all prompt but they had these frownish expressions on their faces and especially when I went to get my subsequent plates of food. I won't be back here.
I went here because of the great reviews and it was close to my hotel.  Unfortunately I had a bad experience.  The food was ok - far from the worst, but definitely not the best Indian I've had.  I had the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan.  The tikka masala was a little underspiced and more oily than I'm used to (i.e., not as creamy) for my liking and the chicken a little dry.  The naan was ok - a larger portion than I'm used to, which is a good thing when I usually find naan orders so small.  I had to wait another 15min after I arrived the 20min they told me to wait (I was picking up a to-go order).  But they were super slammed, so I guess it's ok.  I thought it'd be worth it at the time.  All in all I would have given them a better review except I got sick after I ate...  Maybe just an off night for them, or for me, but I think I'll try another place.
I haven't been adventurous with my ordering here. Just the usual suspects, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, samosas, etc. It's always reliable and good. The lunch buffet is a great deal (they also have it on weekends) but dinner prices can get expensive.
SOLID Indian food.  Check out the $9.95 buffet.  Where the heck do you find a good buffet for that cheap in  NYC?! It's unheard of!  I was a little skeptical b/c of the price, and thought the pickings would be slim, but I called to ask what they had and the guy on the phone kept naming a bunch of items.  So I was satisfied and decided to give it a whirl.Relatively new spot.  Modern inside and very clean.  Staff is nice too.Right as we sat down, basket of fresh naan was brought to us.  Then we helped ourselves to the food.  Relatively decent selection.  Two meats (butter chicken and lamb) and a bunch of veggie options at the counter.  But they also bring you some chicken and other sides to the table.My fiance liked the lamb.  My fav's were the deep fried poori and saag.The food isn't too greasy and not too heavy like a lot of other places.But you can't have Indian all the time as the cuisine itself tends to be heavy in nature.  We'll def be back in the future.  Can't beat the price and quality.  FYI - $9.95 is valid M-Sat.  Sunday, buffet is $3 more.  Not sure why.Oh one more plus, you don't walk out smelling!!
My first impression was that this place was really cute inside.  Beautiful long wooden tables that I wanted to take home, if only I had room in my apartment!  Noticed the full bar at the far end of the restaurant, too (yay!).  This was great as they had a good selection of beer and wine that paired well with spicy food. I was surprised that the papad wasn't complimentary but we ordered it anyway.  Light, crisp and flavorful, it was hands down worth paying for. For appetizers, my friend and I went for the mirch pakora (green chili fritter) and the Khatte Baigan (eggplant w/tamarind sauce).  The Khatte Baigan (eggplant w/tamarind sauce) was really good.  Thin slices of eggplant mixed in with the tangy tamarind sauce.  The mirch pakora... hmmm... this was not what we expected. We pictured sliced chilies in a batter, much how an onion pakora is prepared.  Instead, we got a huge whole chili that was stuffed with a potato mixture.  It wasn't bad, just not what we had in mind.  We were both lame with our entrees and got Butter Chicken and Malai kofta, our favorites and standbys when trying a place for the first time. (Don't ask why I like the malai kofta, I'm weird).  I asked for it to be spicy and they complied with fresh chilies.  It was totally delicious and the vegetable croquettes tasted freshly made. The butter chicken (my friend reports) was fantastic as well and "perfect for dunking her bread in."  So that's some good sauce.At this point I'm stuffed beyond belief. I had two beers, two appetizers, bread, and a main course but my friend wanted to try the rice pudding.   Yeah... not a winner.  A bit runny and a little too much drizzle action happened in the kitchen with the rose water.  Pass.Service was good, attentive.  We were talking and laughing and deep in conversation and they let us be and made sure to keep our water glasses full.  No attempts at dehydration to get us to move along and take it elsewhere.The were a lot of things on the menu that I didn't recognize which sounded good and we eyed the plates of others, too.  Plus, I've heard that the lunch buffet is good. Definitely going back.
the Chaana masala rocks and so does the sweet and fluffy bread. Tiny tables, and you can practically participate in your neighbors conversations but the fast service is great for when you're super hungry.
Poor selection of their lunch buffet. And the food was soso.
I went there to meet up with some of my Indian American childhood friends on mine. We were all impressed. My positive experience:1) Nice, lively environment and decor.2) Really attentive waiter. I hope these hard working servers are paid decently.3) Finally and most importantly: Chicken murgh(sp?) kabob was perfect, highly recommended.One thing was my lamb korma was just okay, but I think maybe I just don't like korma so that is not their fault. But I have to give five stars to a restaurant that just served me the most perfectly cooked chicken item that I have ever had in New York. Go kabobs!
Simply put - GREAT for the amount you pay.Came here on a Saturday after a long night out on Friday. For some reason, nothing helps me "cure a headache" better than a nice Indian buffet. Come here for the lunch buffet - not the widest selection, bu it's cheap at $11 and the food it's eatable. I'm not saying it's the best food I've had, but definitely better than most other places in the area. I'll be back here again on future Saturday mornings.
To date this is my fave Indian buffet spot. It's not significantly different from Chola, which considers itself to be a step up (in quality and price). In my view Chola defeats Dhaba's buffet only in dessert. The nice servers bring you a basket of nan and an appetizer (often samosas) when you sit, so you're not picking through cold and picked-through nan on a hot plate. The buffet selection changes very little, and always has the standard chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo. I've never had an issue with the freshness of the food or the quantity available as I've had at a couple restaurants in the area. The service is also much more friendly and attentive than many of Dhaba's neighbors. There's really no point in going to any other Indian buffet. Tiffin Wallah is the only competition in the neighborhood.
This is a review of service and anbiance. Food was probably a four star, especially because Indian food is often heavy and greasy and this was light.Halfway through, when we were attemoting to order dessert, instead of a waiter we got a long table with chairs and 12 or so noisy occupants shoved up against us with no explanation or apology. Our evening was ruined.
Very noisy. Tables are quite cramped and food was just passable. I always come to Dhaba for dinner every time I visit NYC and is one of my favorite haunts for the food. Food was not as good as I have previously experienced.
awesome asesome food! and dinks are really cheap! plus big pours.. nice ambience.. would totally recommend it...
nice place, classy decor, good food and friendly service. Music is a little too loud though. I would also recommend making a reservation.
Best punjabi restaurant in all of NYC.
Food was good, service was awful.  It took about an hour to get our dishes and, although they were busy, there seemed to be waiters standing around doing nothing.  With all the Indian options available in the area, I probably won't be back.
Good food, nice selection, including British style curries and a full drink menu.  Really well designed space - incredibly busy, moderate to a bit more than moderate prices, strange, inattentive service, but it was a good experience despite that.
Great food, nice service, fun atmosphere! This is my go-to Indian restaurant in Murray Hill. I'm usually pretty skeptical of Indian restaurants because I've been spoiled with awesome home-cooked Indian food while growing up, but I highly recommend it this place.
YUM!  Everything here is delicious.  They have an all-you-can-eat weekday buffet that is all you can eat and pure fabulousness.  It's not a vegetarian buffet and has chicken, lamb, etc.  At dinner, the food is just as fabulous, but the prices go up.It would be silly to rattle off what's good here because I haven't had anything that wasn't.  The food is all seasoned extremely well and they're good about adjusting the heat to your taste.  Also, don't expect to share a order of naan with more than 1 other person because each order only comes with about 3 pieces.
I would give it five stars but I would have to say the service is HORRIBLE. The food is delicious and the taste was up to par. We started off getting the mango slush drinks and then samosas. They also give you chips and spicy dip as a starter. For the main course I got the chicken tikka marsala and my boyfriend got a lamb dish and even though i'm not a fan of lamb, it was good! Overall, great food. horrible service but i would still come here again
What a great place! Really good atmosphere and the food is some of the best Indian food I've had in NYC. We ordered chicken tikka masala and lamb curry. Both were cooked to perfection. The meat was very soft and dishes felt very light, even tikka masala, which oftentimes ends up being a very heavy dish.Service was very quick and attentive. Definitely will be back!
Great diversity if you are trying to capture "indian food" in one restaurant with a diverse group of friends. For a restaurant to get it right 75% of the time is an accomplishment for a country as diverse as India.Pros: The chaats, appetizers, curries and breads are mostly well executed. Dosas are adequately crispy. The kurkura bhindi (fried okra) is very well done. Crispy strands of okras. Pau bhajji is good. The goat dishes are very well spiced. The roomali roti, naan, roti, bhattura are all done well.Cons: Lamb keema was spicy but flavorless, which I thought was impossible to do, they need to add some salt and maybe saute the meat some more before adding the water. tasted like boiled ground meat with peas. The service was pretty slow, which is expected in Curry HIll Indian places, but not when a place charges a 50% markup for the ambience and service.Is a very good restaurant, when you are not exactly sure of what type of indian food (chaats, curries, south indian) you want or are with a big group.
I don't know. I loved the decor especially compared to a lot of the other places in the area. They also had amazing naan. I had the lunch buffet and we also ordered a couple of things off the menu and nothing but the naan was so good. papri chaat was so saucy, rice wasn't cooked, and everything else was just bleh. Probably would not go back.
Came here on a Thursday night and we were able to get seated right away despite the place being very crowded at that point.  We got a paneer and chaat appetizer and shared a minced lamb entree.  The paneer appetizer was delicious and the only dish out of the three that I would order again.  I am a huge fan of paneer so that is no surprise.  The chaat was good but not amazing.  The lamb entree was much more minced than we expected and turned out to be lamb ragu.  The naan was average and the rice was just ok.  I've heard good things about this place and think maybe I ordered the wrong things.  I hope to return as the ambiance was nice and try something else on the menu.
Great lunch buffet!  Food is good, and the staff comes to each table to bring additional foods (i.e. samosas, chicken).  Really a great deal!
Amazing, simply amazing.  I got a cauliflower and potato dish in a dry curry, which I adored.  I sampled someone's Chicken Tikka Masala, and someone else's chicken dish in a yogurt sauce.  Garlic Naan was cooked perfectly.  I only wish I could remember the names of everything.  Every dish was a 5*.  I only wish I had remembered to tell them to make mine spicy--that's something apparently you need to tell them, but I suppose so many have a spiciness aversion, it's smart business.  The service was excellent; even on a busy night, we were well attended to and my glass never went dry.  The 30 minute wait we were told ended up only being 10 minutes, and they took our cell number to call for the wait.  The setting was beautiful, I was comfortable, the price was reasonable.  I enjoyed my meal so much, I would return multiple times to this location before even wanting to try one of the other Indian restaurants in the area.
The best Indian food I've ever had from a restaurant was in London but nothing ever beats home cooked meals.  I will say that Dhaba has very good Indian food!   This is one of the only restaurants that has Lamb Dopiaza and it was pretty yummy.   The butter chicken was tasty too!
A group of us went to Dhaba for an early dinner before the Halloween parade. It was good we went early and had no wait - by the time we left at 7 pm, the place was filling up. The food was delicious and much better than other places in Curry Hill. Like most Indian places, there were plenty of vegetarian options, but this place was also had several paneer dishes and I had to try one. I got the Kadai Mirch Paneer, which, along with the delicious spongy cubes of cheesy goodness, had green chilies, onions, tomatoes, bell peppers and fenugreek. The waiter warned me that it was spicy and he was right - my mouth was buzzing the entire time, but not to the point where it was too hot to eat. It was a nice change from most paneer dishes that I've had in a creamy sauce and it didn't feel too heavy. The rest of the table had various paneer and chicken dishes and everyone was happy with their meal. The only annoying part was that Dhaba charged for the rice - considering the slightly higher than average prices, it really should come free with the curry , especially considering how spicy some dishes were. The food was delicious but the high price and the rice charge makes me think I'll only return occasionally - knock the price down a couple bucks and I'd be a regular customer.
Came to Dhaba for dinner.  Chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, saag paneer, naan, and water.  A perfectly satisfying meal.  Everything was amazingly flavorful.  The sag paneer was the best i've ever had, so I'd definitely recommend that.
One of my favorite Indian restaurants in the city. Excellent , authentic Indian food and the taste doesn't get much better than this in the city.
I went here with my girlfriend...and I found the food tasty enough. Also, my dish was very spicy (which I like). However, I used a new trick when asking for it spicy. I asked for it "indian people spicy". Seriously try that out if you like spicy food, it gets the job done.One note about the menu: if you don't recognize or want to try any of the entrees inside the menu...flip to the back cover. I think they call this the  "London Curry" page, and it has all the standard Vindaloo, Tandori, Tikka Masala type stuff.
I ate at Dhaba last night as part of a company party.   Overall, the service was above and beyond and the food we excellent.   We were a large party and got to sample most of the menu.    Some dishes that stood out for me as being really good were the Langarwali Dal, Dahiwala Murgh, and Goat Rogan Josh.   The Biryanis were also excellent, specially the goat.We all had a really great evening and I will certainly be coming back soon.
dhaba's pretty standard as far as an indian buffet for lunch goes. it's got a lot of competition in the neighborhood.  i love indian food, and i've eaten a lot of it over the years *rubs belly* ... and i've had better than dhaba.  i like that it's clean, the staff is really attentive, and the decor is really cool, too.  go hungry - you'll leave full. i wish it was spicier!
Best Indian food I've ever had in my life. I normally order their lunch special ($9). It's an awesome deal and normally lasts me 2 lunches because there is so much food. The restaurant is chic and adorable. The cocktails are delicious, especially the kamasutra. I've gotten the phaal once, extra spicy, it almost killed me but i couldn't stop eating it. Ordered it once too and had to bleach my countertops at home to get the spice stain out. The habanero naan is the spiciest thing i've ever had in my life. Their vegetarian restaurant, Bhojan, is super trendy and awesome too!!
One of the more contemporary-vibed restos on Curry Hill. Can't really go wrong with any of their dishes. The phaal, while it is piercingly spicy, is not as flavorful as the rest of their curries. More like a culinary dare. I brought most of it home to mix into other curries to spice them up. While the ambiance is romantic, the seating is not cushy, but this is true of most of the Indian restos in this area. Their standard vinyl cushioned chairs will not match up to let's say...Tamarind's plush ones... but you should never expect that in this neighborhood. Overall, a solid choice with an adequate selection of vegetarian and meat entrees, even some Chinese listed, if I remember correctly.
Mmmmmmm -what a great way to start off our culinary tour of NYC. Granted, I saw more Indian restaurants in the blocks surrounding Dhaba than in all of Oregon (where I'm from). I'm used to Indian restaurants being in converted diners with vinyl seats. Not Dhaba. The decor was lovely and although it was a typical small NYC restaurant, I was comfortable sitting against a lovely multi-colored wall of exotic colored fabrics.We started with the paneer pakora. This tasty appetizer that warmed us up for the mains. My husband's tandoori chicken tikka was amazing. There was so much flavor!  I asked the server for a suggestion on one of their "British Curry House" dishes. I ended up getting the Balchao based on her rec. Some of the curry leaves were a bit strong and probably not meant to be eaten (?) Overall, I was very impressed with this restaurant and we left stuffed and hungry for more Indian cuisine.  A great start to our trip!
We went for lunch there. We didn't get their lunch buffet since it didn't have many non-veg choices. The food was really good and the service was good as well.
We tried the fried okra, pahadi chicken, and chicken tikka. All were excellent!
We enjoyed the variety of food on the menu. It was different from most Indian restaurants in NYC. However, the onion baji weren't as crisp as I'd like. The chicken in pepper sauce was delicious, but gave both of us indigestion! The service was not good- everyone seemed annoyed that we were in the restaurant, rather than being polite. When we ordered rice, the waitress gave the impression that 1 order would only serve 1 person, so we got 2. When they brought 2 big bowls we were surprised! She should've told us that we could share 1. Thankfully, the rice wasn't expensive. I'd recommend this place to others, but reservations are necessary on the weekend and come knowing what you want. The waiters aren't very polite if you ask for suggestions!
Good Indian food that's still authentic may be hard to find in Manhattan. But here is where the food almost reminds me of the Indian food I had in London- almost. The chicken tikka masala, chicken korma, biryani, are all pretty good as well as the onion naan. Service is for a lack of better term laidback, there when you need it and when you need to relax, not there. Weekends are probably best to avoid, but otherwise dig in.
Great little place with delicious garlic naan! I came here pretty early in the evening so I didnt have to wait for a table.Service was great. The waiter recommended some delicious dishes since our orders were very similar and we wanted to "share." Cant go wrong with chicken tikka masala and dahiwala murgh.
We've been here four times and there is a good reason for that.  Other than Surya (which holds a special place in my heart), Dhaba is easily at the top of our list for reasonably priced Indian (as opposed to Tamarind, for instance).  We've had the vindaloo, korma, madras, tikka masala and the phaal with chicken or lamb or shrimp.  Always delicious.  Beware the phaal, that dish is not for rookies or even those who aspire to "Indian Hot Tolerance."  Phaal will own you...that day and the next.  The service is friendly enough and the ambiance is just okay but it's clean and festive which is good enough for me.  The lassi drinks go down well especially with extra spicy food and is a nice change from wine or beer.  I highly recommend Dhaba.
I have a lot of experience eating Indian food, and this place is definitely not the best at all. The food is ok. Not the greatest. It tastes bland and I feel like I can make it myself much better in the kitchen. The service is ok too. They have a hard time giving the correct dish to the person who ordered it and they're very slow. But the waiter we had was pretty nice. Also I called them after going to the restaurant for the first time about an issue and the person I spoke to was incredibly rude. He only cared about the customers there and not the one he was speaking to on the phone. I will not be going there again and do not/will not recommend this place to anyone. Not worth the rude customer service.
Best Indian food in Manhattan, hands down.  The lunch buffet is an incredible deal, and I would strongly recommend it.  But some of the best dishes are the appetizers: gobi manchurian, bhel puri, chaat And the saag paneer is to die for!!  Just go and order everything and make sure you have time for a nap afterwards!
I finally branched out from Chennai Garden to see what else Curry Hill had to offer, and this place looked like the best option. I was not disappointed. Great food, friendly and quick service, reasonable prices, and a nice atmosphere made it an overall pleasant trip. As other reviews mentioned, a lot of the dishes on the menu were not the standard fare you find at all American Indian places. Particularly the appetizer selection--aside from samosas, the selection was entirely unfamiliar to me. We tried the hot chili pakoras, long green chilis filled with potato and fried. They're great, but be aware that they're not messing around when they put the little "hot" symbol next to it.For main courses we had a chef recommended chickpea dish and a shrimp curry. Both were full of flavor and generously-sized. The poori was fresh and chewy, and the naan was hot and crispy as well. Even the popadum and sauces on the table spread were better than I've normally had. And the big $6 mugs of Kingfisher helped the spicy food down.The total for two came to $70 (with tax and tip), which was a pretty big splurge for me. But considering everything we got (and the leftovers I just ate for lunch) it wasn't that outrageous.
Very solid Indian fare in curry hill (probably my favorite alongside saravanas for vegetarian).In my opinion the way to go is the lunch buffet, which while not as good as their a la carte, it is pretty impressive what you can get. Definitely worth eating here.
Boyfriend and I had a great experience at Dhaba a couple weeks ago on a Fri night, and therefore decided to return with another couple this past Fri night (all of us in our mid-late 20s). Both times the restaurant was hopping with lines out the door. In Murray Hill, that can be a bit of an initial turn-off. However, despite this and the fact that the restaurant is a bit tight for space, the service was surprisingly always attentive (i.e. refilling drinks, removing plates, willing to bring more of anything asked for), the food hot and fresh, and just an overall positive dining experience.  The two boyfriends, both moderately accustomed to Indian food, were both fully satisfied by the food quality in the array of dishes. Consistent and tasty!
Been here four times for the lunch buffet during the week and weekend and have never been disappointed. Flavorful, rotating selections and very fresh with good service. Lots of vegan choices. The chef sends out a small starter for the table...each time we've been there it's been a grilled meat item (not on the buffet) and a vegetarian app  When we asked the waiter what the unique items were on the buffet, the waiter had the chef come to speak to us--we had a great conversation. A super value for the buffet. Only drawback-it get very busy and the place is not very big...can be noisy. But who cares with such great food.
Lunch buffet is a great way to sample Indian food if you're new to it like me - i found everything delicious especially something called pani puri! Tangy juicy and crispy.
My boyfriend and I have eaten at Dhaba on numerous occasions. The food is consistently good everytime we have gotten it.So what warrants the one star review? THE HORRIBLE DELIVERY SERVICE. Tonight, we placed our delivery order at 6 via their website. We received a phone call from their delivery provider stating that they were unable to reach the restaurant and believe that our order will not be delivered. Now, this happened to us on a separate occasion when we ordered from Dhaba but we decided to give the restaurant another chance. After repeatedly calling the restaurant, only to hear a busy signal or a ringing phone with no answering machine, we decided that it was time to get dinner elsewhere. It was not until 8 (2 hours after placing our order) that a delivery man came with our original order from Dhaba. After explaining that we attempted to contact the restaurant multiple times to no avail, he had the audacity to say that "the restaurant is busy." Needless to say, we did not take the food nor will we ever make the mistake of ordering delivery from this restaurant again.
Definitely a decent choice for Indian lunch buffet. I have been there always for a lunch buffet which pretty much the same menu all the time. The place is always packed and waiting for lunch. There preparation has proper indian panjabi touch which means the food is comparatively spicy. They serve starters (allo tikki) on each table common for all the people on that table. 2-3 choices for veg. mostly it's bhindi masala, daal tadka and paneer sabzi. overall decent place to go has value for the price.
I am usually more harsh when I critic Indian restaurants since it is, hands down, my favorite thing to eat. I had high expectations for this restaurant after reading and comparing all of the other Yelp reviews about this restaurant and the surrounding Indian places. We finally chose this one and were very pleased with our experience. The chicken tiki masala is a great dish and the flavors are very true to the name. The service was average but the na'an bread made up for it! I recommend eating here, but there are also plenty of Indian restaurants surrounding the area so I wouldn't be hesitant to check those out as well.
Fresh Food, great service.  The lunch buffet is $9.95, a great deal.  I didn't see dessert though.  And they only give you a little basket of naan.
We were out of town tourists from Boston and tried out Dhaba for lunch. Service: We were a hungry group of 6 adults so our order was bigger than normal. The waiter tried to memorize our order despite our suggestion that he ought to note them down. Of course he forgot two of the entrees. We thought our arrive would arrive in 2 batches but the 2nd batch never did. The waiter was not to be found so that we could ask where the rest of our order was. So we asked the manager about the rest of our food and he assumed that we were adding to the order while eating so asked us to be patient as it would take at least 15-20 mins more coz they just started cooking !!! We told him that we placed all of our order together and it the the waiter who couldn't remember our full order. He apologized and rushed in just to bring us a completely different dish. All this equates to bad service.P.S: Towards the end the waiter tried carrying all of our dishes in one go only to spill chutney on my hand :-)Food: Very ordinary. We went there based on the Yelp reviews but it disappointed us. We were hungry too so even very average food should have seemed delicious but it didn't. I still haven't found a great place for Non-Veg Indian food in Manhattan. Each place seems to have the same type of gravy made with the same basic ingredients. Kinda sad when you think about it!
High quality food, inventive menu and if you want it spicy,  they don't play.  I always search out the spice so when I saw the curry and the description said, "very, very spicy", I was immediately intrigued. I opted for the goat and it was perfectly done,  very tender and delicious.  My girl went for the chicken tiki masalla and we ordered a chili naan,  garlic naan, the chili peanuts.  Everything was delicious and since we were staying in a hotel room,  the chili peanuts served us perfectly for late night nibbles and the plane ride home.  On a block filled with indian restaurants I think we made the right choice,  even if the wait for a table and food was unusually long for a rainy, sunday night.
The food is very tasty. We had the dal makhani, the okra (without potatoes), paratha, pau bhaji and biryani. Nice and spicy food. Fast service. The only problem was the service. The guy taking the order was kind of lethargic and disinterested and expressionless.
tldr- The classic average Indian restaurant. Nothing special, everything appropriately portioned and delicious.Dhaba gets a 5 not because it's the best Indian place EVER, but because it meets all the expectations you set out to have. You came to Curry Hill for food - what did you want? All round luxury, waiters dressed in Rajasthani clothing coming with gigantic platters, impeccable service and goodies? Well then you're stupid. Curry Hill basically could translate to, in Hindi "yaar desi khaana khaate hain bhai aaj" (bro let's do desi food today). The expectation is standard desi food, and to that expectation it keeps to.Known for a delicious fairly inexpensive weekend all-you-can-eat buffet, complete with Tandoori chicken and everything else you can ask for, Dhaba is a great typical-Indian-spot. The proportions are large, and expect to order like an Indian - if there's a group of 6, order about 4 dishes. That's the appropriate ratio unless you want to take food home. The classics shine - the Malai Marke Butter Chicken is a classic you just need to get. Center all the other dishes around that - maybe a Tikka Masala, or the Daal or the Paneer Butter Masala. For appetizers, and you should get appetizers, you want to definitely try a Samosa. It's the authentic Indian-sized Indian-shaped classic samosa - you can't go wrong. And for beer, get the Kingfisher. Sure Vijay Mallya is broke and fleeing India so he doesn't get sued under his gigantic debt, but hey, United Brewery makes some great desi beer. Just take the plunge and do a pitcher if it's a big party. Indians don't normally drink with their food, but if they do, it's a Kingfisher.When we went, we found the food somewhat mild, so it'd be a good idea to ask for a little extra spice.
I'd recommend visiting Dhaba for lunch if you're really, really hungry. The lunch buffet is great and only around $12. But I guarantee that you'll roll out of there absolutely stuffed. What always gets me is the fresh, warm naan that they keep bringing to your table. I just can't resist it! They also come by with platters of freshly grilled meats for you to enjoy ON TOP of their plentiful buffet. It's a complete feast! To-go lunch orders are $10 (not buffet, but comes with naan, dal, and rice). Though it does get busy during lunch hours, I've never had to wait for a table. Once I visit Dhaba for lunch I know I'm pretty much out for the count for the rest of the day because I'm so full, but it's totally worth it :)
worst service. The food was not at all good. We ordered butter naan but we got normal roti and had to wait for more 15 minutes to get that replaced. And also nobody apologized for that. Overall very disappointing.
Delicious Vegeterian food! We ordered Paneer Sheesh Kabab which came on a sixxling hot plate and was perfectly cooked.
I was staying in this area and saw the slew of Indian/Bangladeshi spots, and saw they this was the most popular one and had to try it. The waiter recommended the lamb madras, so I got that in addition to the spinach paneer and some paratha and rice. Gotta say, it was delicious Indian for sure. The madras had a nice thick hearty sauce that goes well with the lamb, very flavorful! The paneer cheese was perfectly cooked and had a great texture. Would definitely come back if staying in this area again.
Food and service both fantastic! Boy, is this place crowded on a fri eve or what? But was worth it. The paneer in the "methi malai Muttar" was soft and perfect. Even the tandoori roti was crisp, the right 'thin'. Will go again!!!
I tried the Jalfrezi as I miss my English style Indian food. The server warned me it was spicy and I asked for some extra spice. If this is extra spicy then the regular version must be very bland. It was not nearly spicy enough. The food itself seemed to be quite vinegary and not well balanced and overall not great. The Paratha was quite dry and a bit of a disappointment. I can't  write off the whole place as I didn't try any other food. However I suspect that the spice level has been dialled down a bit for local taste (nothing wrong with that). Service was fair but not great.
Definitely pricier than your usual Indian place but high quality food nonetheless.
Came here for their lunch buffet. Although the selection wasn't too many options it was really good. Come here with an empty stomach and you will leave full. Price was very good as well. About $15 per person. Not bad for an all you can eat if u ask me. Also the naan comes naan-stop. But you'll have to ask for it. But all in all a great ambiance and good food. Wouldn't mind visiting here again.
I loved this place. I have several Indian buffet go-to places that I frequent, knowing that the lunch-time food is not typically as good as ordering from the kitchen. Coming here, I was blown away by that idea that Indian buffets could actually be very delicious. Additionally, they had dishes that I don't typically see at these buffets. They had a delicious, aromatic, flavorful and spicy goat biryani that I loved! (omg) The tikka masala chicken was the most flavorful that I've had anywhere. There was a "chili chicken" as they named it, which I'd never encountered before. It was a taste that reminded me of something south east asian, but it was still very good, so I went back for seconds.Then when I thought it couldn't get any better, they brought out fresh tandoori chicken, served at your table! Whaaaat?! It looked amazing and tasted amazing. You could see the actual marinade chunks and herbs still sitting on top of the chicken. That flavor just seeped through right to the bone. Also, I came with my Cuban husband (who eats like an animal lol) and my 9-month old baby, and they still accommodated us very well. I believe it is $10.95 during the weekday. We went today, Sunday and it was $13.95. Good price, good ambiance, great service. Definitely worth every penny.
I think Indian buffets (particularly lunch) are great, especially if you're not familiar with Indian food and you want to just get a sample of what's there, what you may or may not like, etc.  It's also usually really cheap, as many of the reviews prior to mine have reiterated.  Now, can't really say that much for the dinner portion.  We came in around 7:30, so yes, around prime time and waited about 5 minutes for a table.  But then, ended up waiting almost 20 minutes for food.  We were offered papadum almost three times (after finishing it twice) because that's how long it took for our food to come.  Portions seem small, but are actually huge considering that the stews are typically very thick and have a good amount of protein.  The food wasn't bad, but it was just ok.  Typically, most Indian restaurants I've frequented do not charge for rice, which really was just the cherry on top - $3.50 for rice, when the dishes are already $15.  $18 for dinner at an Indian restaurant, really? I'd rather just take myself and buy two burrito bowl's at Chipotle, to be honest.  I'm probably not giving Dhaba enough credit, but I don't really think I'll be back.
Working in Flatirion, I struggle finding spots to eat for lunch daily. Do not feed me a salad (which can be found in every block of Flatirion). So happy I found Dhaba! Lunch is extremely reasonable, I think $10-12 for a lunch buffet.Though the buffet options are quite limiting, 6-7 dishes; the waiters walk around passing other plates of food.Lunch buffet consist of Chicken biryani, regular rice, lamb dishes, vegetarian dishes such as this delicious spiced potato dish.Also a plate of naan, fried eggplant (so good!!), and chicken tandori, is served to your table.The service is great too. The waiters were extremely attentive, my cup of water was never empty and constantly checked our table to see if we needed any new plates.Try to avoid the lunch traffic jam though, usually from 12-1pm.
Chicken Marsala was amazing!!!!! Hands down. Everyone knows there stuff. Must get nan. We did plain but the garlic one smells awesome!!!
This is a good Indian restaurant with good food, decent service, but somewhat cramped and congested. It's hard to get around in, particularly at the lunch buffet hour, when mobility is a necessity. The buffet has a somewhat smaller number of items than most Indian buffet spreads, but they do bring you naans and Bhel Poori to the table. I guess I was sated, but not blown away by the place, and somewhat uncomfortable in cramped quarters.
This review is based on delivery and also done in for the lunch buffet. Lunch buffet is phenomenal. About $10 a person and is so good! Honestly one of the best Indian buffets in an area full of Indian restaurants. Lots of great options vegetarian and non. Comes with naan. Now for delivery. Pretty quick (I live close though). Not sure that I would order here for delivery again as it is actually pretty pricey for the same food they serve at the buffet. The samosas are not that good. I would pass on those from Dhaba again. Long story short come here for the lunch buffet skip delivery.
Oh mannnnn the food is fantastic!  The naan was fluffy and aromatic.  We had this delivered and it took an hour and 15 minutes to get to us.  They also forgot one of our orders but the food was so good they get 4 stars anyway.
This was one of my bookmarks for the places to eat at based on the Yelp reviews. But I was disappointed. We started with sham savera (this is one spinach and paneer kofta cut into two served with butter masala gravy) and marinated mushrooms. Now sham savera by definition cant be called an appetizer, since they serve it with gravy. And it should be a crime to charge  $10 for that. Mushrooms were quite good, 4/5 for that. We followed this with paneer methi mutter malai, chili onion naan and paneer cheese naan. The vegetable was a little too sweet for my taste. The chili onion naan is a must try and skip the paneer naan. Beware, this place is extremely noisy and crowded. You cant hear yourself over the loud atmosphere and we wanted to exit as soon as we could. The manager was quite polite and gave us a table in the corner when we requested. I wouldn't recommend this place.
average, slowish-service, small portions. This is an average Indian restaurant. The service was slow at first (taking orders), but picked up once we put in our order. A pet peeve of mine is when Indian restaurants charge for rice -- that is what happened here. We ordered the Dahi Bindi and the Malai Marke Butter Murgh. Both were solid choices, but the dishes were not as flavorful as I hoped.
Really delicious Indian food. Price is mid range for Manhattan (= expensive for anywhere else.) Service and atmosphere also excellent.
A fancier indian joint, however like most places where ambience is emphasized, loses my favor due to higher price and smaller portions.
Given the choice I always go to Jackson Heights for Indian.  It was one night were I ended up out drinking with some friends and there was one Indian guy from Michigan who's wife wouldn't eat Indian food at home.  We felt so bad that my friends asked me if I knew of any Indian places nearby.   I took them to this area and we stumbled across Dhaba which  serves dishes from Indian truck stops.  The quality of the food was really good and they highlight some of their specials.   The atmosphere was great and Indian people do come by the throngs to eat at this restaurant.    Our Indian friend was so happy and confirmed the authenticity.  Everyone was happy fur sure at that meal.  The food was really good.  They have a buffet special during lunch for $10.   I came back another week and enjoyed that too.  Very happy about this place and definitely would come back.  My other friends returned on their own and took their other friends too.  Great place!  Great lunch special!
Sister restaurant of Chola up on 58th Street; Dhaba continues with a great selection of both Northern, Southern and Brick Lane Indian food.  My personal favorite is the Goat Rogan Josh.
$9.95 lunch buffet, including oft-refreshed buffet, fresh naan, passed tandoori chicken, and what I can only describe as Indian spiced french fries with Indian flavored dipping sauce: AMAZING!  The service is polite and friendly, the place is clean and adorable.  All this for $9.95 Mon-Sat.  Sprint past Curry in a Hurry (BELIEEVE me) and pay a tiny bit more for FAR superior food.  The paneer, saag, and lentil dishes were all excellent.
Went for Sunday buffet yesterday.  It totally lived up to the hype.  Let's talk about the food first.  There was a tossed salad, which was nothing out of the ordinary, but the dressing (some kind of raita?) was wonderful.  The rice was some of the best I've ever had.  Now although I am not a vegetarian, I didn't mind that there weren't many meat options.  Just the chicken masala and some kind of ground lamb, both of which were just absolutely perfect.  The other foods (sorry I don't know the names...the potato and peas, there was some kind of an okra w vegetables, the chickpea curry, etc.) ALL of them were great, I tried every single thing and loved it all.  I even dragged my bf along, who was not looking forward to trying Indian food, and he liked it.  For anyone who is worried about it being too spicy, don't worry.  They keep everything on the mild side, obv because its buffet and they want to please everyone.Now lets talk about the service.  Excellent, in my opinion.  What I really liked is that even though the place was packed and there was a line of people waiting outside to be seated, we did not feel rushed at all.  Our water glasses were refilled promptly throughout the 1 hr and 15 mins we sat there.  Waiters frequently came around to bring us naan, some other small apps (which are complimentary), and tandoori chicken.  I will definitely be back, and even go out of my way to dine here again, next time I'm in the city.
Pros: Delicious Indian comfort food with a hip New York twist, great chaats, great lassi (mmm...Mango Lassi), good portions. And even more, for NYC, for the quality of food, and for the level of ambience...the prices are actually extremely reasonable.Cons: Crowded and loud.All in all, highly recommended.
place is very congested and noisy food is yummy and chole bhatura is excellentservice gets slow with a full restaurant
Food was very good here, the only negative was the long wait. This place gets packed on the weekend and with good reason. I loveeeeeeee Indian food and this place did not disappoint. I recommend getting the samsosa, chicken Mikkani, Chicken Tikka and the Cheesy Naan. All so good and the portions are generous. I had leftovers for like a week. :)
Okay, I have never written a Yelp review before but the service I experienced today was so bad, that I had to share it with the rest of the world. Me and my friend went there because she had a taste for Indian and I haven't had it in awhile and remembered this place had pretty good Phaal which is the spiciest thing on most Indian menus. It started out well as we were promptly greeted and given water but after that, it went downhill. First sign was that it took nearly 10 minutes for someone to come take our order and that was only after we flagged them down. This would be partially acceptable if it was busy but it was fairly empty when we arrived. Strike two came when we we received our appetizer and respective drinks, but 20 minutes later when we were long finished with the appetizer, not one person came to take our plate and bring us our entrees. To make matters worse, the place is now crowded and people who came in long after us were served almost immediately. I got up and asked for the check to pay for the appetizer and drinks and only then when the hostess went to ring us out that the manager came and asked if we had not been served and apologized. I kindly told him to keep his apology and just bring me the check. While all of this is going on, the waiter finally brings out our food which is now 30 minutes too late. I told him to keep the food or give it to a homeless person as we  no longer wanted it. This was by far the top 3 worst dining service experiences I've ever endured. I will never go here again and will tell any and everyone about how poor of an experience it was. I hate to pull the race card but I was the only black male in there so a part of me feels that had something to do with it. If I could give them 0 stars, I definitely would.
We came here for lunch and got the lunch buffet for 9.95. They had all the standard dishes and desserts, prepared very well. I'm surprised there are so many great reviews, as the place is just your average indian casualfare place that serves all the most basic dishes. Service is good, and I'd probably come back for lunch if I was going for Indian, but overall, this place is nothing special.
Made a reservation on Open table for 10:30pm when we arrived at 10:10pm they said they were closed for cleaning.
Dhaba a second time around, 8 months later, proved that the first time was no fluke. I had a tandoori chicken and it was smoking delicious. Probably one of the best tandoori chicken I've ever had. It came on a sizzling hot plate with sautéed onions and peppers and the chicken was just so tender and lip smacking good. Bravo Dhaba! Despite their extensive menu I think anything would be a good choice. Stylish, casual and fast service are bonuses. Would totally come back with friends and family.
Its not really for people from India as it lacks the zing of spices but a descent place to give a try. The appetizers are really good but the M.C is slightly less spiced which I understand as not many Indian people are coming there to dine.
We ordered takeout from Dhaba several nights ago.  When we opened the bag, we discovered that half of the order was missing.  We called the restaurant twice to ask them to deliver the rest but nobody answered.  The delivery service refunded the missing portion of our order.  The food that we did get was good, but not worth the hassle.
Came back for lunch and ordered from the menu. Much better than the crapshoot buffet but $30 for a dish, bread & rice? Seriously?
When I went first time, I thought the food was great. BUT, I came across this article in nyindia.us about LIVE ROACHES found in a recent health department inspection:blogs.nyindia.us/2011/04…I love reading reviews on Yelp to help me find great places to eat, so I  hope I am doing the right thing informing other Yelpers about this.
Been doing Indian for quite a while and this place takes the cake. The lunch special is a steal and everything is of the highest quality.  There are so many ways some of these places cut corners in hopes of getting your money.  This is not one of them.  The chicken tikka Masala is definitely done the authentic way.  Its no wonder that every other restaurant can be empty around it and its packed.
Very good Indian food.  I like the cauliflower dish the best, it is lighter and does not have yogurt/cream like I've had it in other restaurants.  Fast delivery too.
For New York, Dhaba has decent Indian food.  The first time I had their fish masala I was really impressed.  Not because it was the best fish masala I've ever had, but because, for New York, it was pretty good!  I've visited their lunch buffet several times and I always leave happy.  No complaints.
A friend brought me here initially for the $10 lunch deal and wow - what a deal! I wish I lived closer so I could come back more often for that deal. I just went for dinner and I felt like I got ripped off. Not because the food isn't good, but just comparing to the lunch deal - it can't get better than that. Their chicken tikki marsla is delicious, as well as their nan. I can't get enough. I also tried the chicken tandori which is yummy and one of their chicken currys which was decent. I had a lamb dish, can't remember the name, but it was okay - wouldn't order it again. THe meat was a little tough. Overall, great food, beautiful ambiance, with okay service. I ended up having to wait awhile to place an order, and have them retreive plates and bring the bill. I'll still be back, most likely for lunch!
I recently dined here and loved it.  You can't go wrong trying the Chicken Tikka Masala.  I ventured over to their British Curry House menu and ordered the Chicken Korma and it was fantastic.  The Naan bread was warm and fresh.  It does get crowded so I would try to make a reservation or try coming here on off peak hours. I have since ordered for delivery and it was also great!
clean, modern, great ambiance & excellent food! several of my friends who thought they know & love Indian food, after trying this place-cant go back to old places . I love buffet !cant get any Indian food  in the Hamptons.
I used to think Dhaba was a very good restaurant. They seem to be using a new chef that puts too much oil into the curry, it is inedible. Today was the third straight time I ordered Chicken Vindaloo from Dhaba and even asked for low oil. The Vindaloo arrived with so much oil that it was a puddle on top of the curry. I took photos that I will share with the restaurant and even drained it into a measuring cup. It was nearly the size of a tall latte from Starbucks full of oil. The fact that I can request low oil and it comes with the most oil I have ever seen means A) they have a new chef who doesnt know what he is doing and B) they dont read the customers requests. Both are unacceptable. I will have probably ordered Dhaba 30 times in the past and spent 50 bucks per pop for about $1500 in business. Not anymore.
After hearing rave reviews about this place, I was excited to dine at Dhaba.  As other reviews have pointed out, the food was good -- very similar to Indian homecooking -- but that was about it.  Plus $88 for 2 people was a bit more than I expected to spend at a place called "Dhaba" ("roadside inn").The friend with whom I was dining told me her sister recommended the paneer taash kabob.  The waitress warned us that it was very very spicy and recommended the nimbu murgh kabob instead.  After some discussion (I mentioned I wasn't fond of spicy foods) we decided to take the plunge and go for the paneer taash kabob since we heard great things about it.  However, when we started to eat the appetizer that was brought out, it wasn't spicy at all.  We later confirmed that the waitress brought out the wrong one (did she not think we could handle it?) and she apologized, but blamed it on the fact that we had gone back and forth a few times in our discussion.  We were pretty bummed considering this was the one dish that we wanted to try at this restaurant!Our entrees were fine -- I got the dahiwala murgh (yogurt chicken) and my friend got the "Balti" chicken from the "London Curry House" section -- but neither of our entrees came with rice!  At $15 a pop we were surprised, so had to order sides of rice and naan to accompany our meals.  And on top of that, the waitress came by and asked how our entrees were; when we replied "good" she said "well that makes up for me bringing out the wrong appetizer".  Ummm what?  Did she need validation for her mistake?  A complimentary appetizer or something would have helped salvage the situation but we got nothing except a reminder that at least we got the right entree!The dessert might have been the highlight of the meal - we got gulab jamun and though small, it was delicious.  Not too syrupy or sugary, very warm and moist.  We thought we could continue this "hot streak" and ordered some fruity cocktails (she got a Ginger Martini and I got something called the Kamasutra, which was supposed to contain vodka, rum, gin, fresh strawberries & mangoes) but we were both pretty disappointed.  Her drink had WAY too much ginger flavoring, to the point that it was burning her throat (and mine when I tasted it).  Mine tasted like a Shirley Temple - hardly any alcohol and NO fresh fruits!  Very disappointing.  Neither of us finished our drinks and left the restaurant feeling less than satisfied.Maybe it was just an off night and maybe I need to try the weekend lunch buffet that everyone is raving about but unfortunately I was *not* impressed by my experience at Dhaba last night.
Though Dhaba is officially Punjabi, the place reminds me a little bit of Bombay, I guess for its hip this-minute but relaxed urban Indian vibe, with a decent cocktail menu.  I've only been there at night, either before or after the 7:30-10-ish dinner rush times.  At least half the tables are always filled with youngish South Asians, along with some smart Brits and, lately, the occasional club types in great outfits later on in the evening.They make a good margarita, which is rare for a mid-level Indian restaurant, but what I always want with my Indian food, and I've got favorites that I keep ordering - the garlic spinach is kind of tempura-ized spinach, with a garlic-y Indian batter, and the lollypop chicken - it's on the Chinese-Indian section of the menu - is a very satisfying Sino-Indianly-spiced improvement on the buffalo wing.  The methi dishes, made with fenugreek, grabbed my early attention, as something new, but I'd say avoid them, something doesn't work.
The ambient Bollywood beats and chromatic symphony of fabric rolls create a fashion, filmy feel in this modern, moderately upscale venue to eat, drink, and be merry.  While the minimal lighting made me feel like "it's the time to disco," it also made for a heck of a time trying to read the extensive menu.  The standout item I'd definitely order again: dahiwala murgh (white meat chicken with yogurt, fresh coriander, onions, bay leaf, and black cardamom)--it was creamy, moist, and cooked to perfection; I can't recommend it strongly enough.  My friend has sampled many of the chicken dishes here and maintains that none measure up to this one.  The Pav Bhaji was also excellent.  I recommend steering clear of the Pani Pori, which I know to be light and refreshing but instead came out overstuffed and heavy.  Also, the masala chai was not as good as mine ;-)  The service started off as very attentive, then slowed down once guests began clearing out---a bit of a paradox.  Prices seem high but end up being very reasonable when you consider the generous portions, especially if ordering mostly appetizers and chaat (our bill was under $20/person).Overall, this is a great spot to share a variety of food with friends and you will leave completely full, ready to drift off into a reverie with all of your favorite Bollywood stars...
Tikka masala was fantastic!  very nice atmosphere and great selection for the lunch buffet.  will definitely visit again
Yum.  I can say without reservation that the majority of the veg dishes are awesome.  I'm really partial to the saag paneer.  Sadly, I also adore the chicken tikka masala here even though I normally sneer at that dish for not being real indian food.  It's just so good.  the breads / lassis are also really good.  it doesn't get 5 stars only because of yuva, which is hands down the best indian delivery in the city.... but because it won't deliver to where the bf lives, we order from dhaba.
Horrible food and slow service. Lassis are decent.
I really wanted to eat at this place! Made reservations 3 days in advance! it was a friends's birthday and wanted to try out a new Indian place.. Having tried out some other restaurants in "Curry Hill" was excited to try out Dhaba, after reading the raving reviews given by yelpers and many others.. Reached there at 8:20 for a reservation of 8:30.. It was super crowded, being Saturday night.. So was happy that I made the reservation.. Went to see the host and he tells us that ts all fine that we have the reservation but he has to seat 2 more parties before us that have a reservation too.. So our wait time will be at least 20 minutes. We had a 2 year old kid with us and however great the food is.. if a place doesn't really understand what a reservation is, I would rather not eat there!
Went here on a visit to NYC, and would have to say this place probably has the best Indian food we ever had at a restaurant, and thats saying a lot since we've tried close to a hundred. The food is very spicy, so if you like that, and I do, then this is the place for you. The tables are very tight and the place can be crowded. We found the service to be decent, and our food came very quickly after we ordered. The tandoori seekh kabab and chicken is very good, tender and fresh, and not just reserved from the lunch buffet. We ordered the dal with 5 different types of dal, which was one of the best I've ever had. The samosas were excellent, but maybe a bit too much dough. The spice factor was to my liking,  but I had to order some plain yogurt to bring the heat down a bit. I would go back to this place again on my next visit to the big apple. This place is really very good.
Great Indian food! A little small for larger groups, but diverse menu with authentic food. My go-to in Manhattan.
Had an awesome experience at Dhaba! I had tried to make a reservation on open table but it said they were booked. So I decided to call and they were able to take us no problem! I appreciated Dhaba also calling to confirm earlier in the evening.  We had a great waiter who helped us order apps as he noticed this scene was fairly new to us! The food and drinks were delicious! Highly recommend the cauliflower app and the tikki masala! There was 8 of us and we all left very happy and full!
Ate Dhaba's Lunch buffet, NYC yesterday (Sunday). One of the best North Indian tastes so far in the Tri-State area. Recommended. Tips: Be prepared to stand in queue, they don't put starters out, you need to ask waiter to bring them. Starters were Bhel Puri, Pav Bhaji, Gol-gappey, and tanduri chicken. Naan and bhaturey were great in breads. All the dishes were authentic and well flavored.
This place used to be one of my favorites and their food used to be the best in mu opinion. After a few incidents, I haven't been back and dont plan on it either. I have to admit that their food is pretty flavorful and their lunch buffet isnt like any other in the area, but there are several things you should pay attention to. They dont lack servers. Nor do they lack customers. This place has horrible service. Aside from having water spilled on me on several occasions, having to wait an UNNECESSARY amount of time for my food, poor communication and service that was everything BUT helpful, I enjoyed the food here. The only time that seems to make it to the table speedily is the bill & thats a good thing cause I couldn't wait to get out of there. The management here needs work in teaching their employees service standards and customer service when it comes to waiting on people. I specifically remember one time when I was hungry that I actually got up and left because it took over 45 minutes after we order for our EMPTY plates to be set in front of us AND the restaurant was almost EMPTY!!! They seem more interested in their own conversations than anything else. When you have this many people workig together, there is NO excuse for poor service. The owners should be horrified at the attention given to their clients and trust me I NEVER gave them a reason to not believe that I didnt appreciate good service when I got it & I used to go pretty often. The food quality has been deteriorating for a while as well. Definitely wont be going back either. Take a look for yourself & you'll see what I mean.
Delicious food, full of flavor! Great atmosphere and very pleasant staff. Will definitely be making this place a brunch regular!!
Good attentive service. Really good indian food. Definitely worth visiting.
Really delicious. On par with dishes I had in India. I Loooove the Butter Chicken. I could eat Naan nonstop for days. I had some King Fischer beer that had me buzzin and my taste buds were flyin...one of my favorite meals in a long time.
Great, interesting Indian food. They even have a 'British Curry' section of the menu for those ex-pats that are missing the English curry experience. A little cozy when you get in there, but yummy, and my top choice when eating in Curry Hill.
Go-to Indian (Northern) restaurant in "Curry Hill!" I ordered the Aloo Gobi (my fave veggie dish) and asked them to put in chickpeas!!!!! Oh my, oh my.....if only I could re-tip the restaurant.
Came here during a business trip to NYC with a big group of co-workers so fortunately got to try a bunch of stuff on the menu.  I can honestly say everything was delicious and we didn't have any disappointing dishes on our table.  Order included chicken tikka masala, lamb korma, butter chicken, aloo dum, paneer makhni, and a lot of naan, poori, and rice.  It seemed like they were rushing to get us out but took forever to give the bill.  Other than that, great service and wonderful food.
Pretty good.  Food was good but not spectacular.  Clean, good price so worth a trip.  Good Samosas (but what isn't good fried) The service was a little slow and could have paid a little more attention.
I was out of town for a weekend and when I came back, two of my friends kept telling me that they had been to this restaurant and that it was absolutely good. I must add one of them is Indian and the other one Trini, so I take seriously their recommendations on Indian food. One of them took me there for dinner as her birthday present and I must say I can't stop thinking of their food ever since. We had the aloo tiki chat as a starter, which is a small dish with two potato patties covered in chickpeas in a yummy sauce. I chose paneer kali mirch, which was good, but I was not crazy about it. I guess I prefer a little bit more tanginess. My friend picked the do piaza which is chicken in a very thick onion based sauce. The onions are previously cooked, so the flavor is awesome, no worries about "raw onion" flavor. I definitely recommend this dish. Aloo parathas are a must. Delicious and served with a big bowl of yogurt on the side. Mango lassi... mmm! Mango lassi is heavenly, thick and not overly sweet.Following weekend I took a Punjabi friend from DC and his girlfriend. He loved the food and kept saying it was authentic Punjabi food served the right way. We went there for brunch buffet, which is $12.50. It may seem like a small buffet when you take a look at it, you know two chicken dishes, saag paneer, aloo gobi, rice, chole and for dessert, gulab jamun and rice pudding. My friend also grabbed some pani pori and he was very happy about it. But wait... they keep bringing things to your table. They brought us a delicious small plate of pau bhaji (special bread with a mash of potatoes and other vegetables). They brought a small plate with bhel pori. They also brought some pickle, nan an poori, yup... not just nan like most buffets.The menu is extensive without being overwhelming and good for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians. They even have a selection of six vegan dishes. The place has very nice and modern decoration. It may feel cramped during peak hours, but it is absolutely worthy. Servers are kind and the ambiance is uplifted by awesome Bollywood hits.
This is without question the best Indian buffett I have ever experienced. For only $9.99 too. Unbelievable value.
Chicken tikka masala indeed!Buffet is a great deal!Skip the lassi's.
cheap indian lunch buffet? yes. a guy who walks around giving out indian styled chicken wings? YES.i'm a fan.
Solid classic northern Indian food with a funky modern decor. We had takeout and the portions were large, fresh, if not somewhat expensive because we missed lunch by 5min and they made us pay dinner prices. :(This place is tucked into an area in lower Lex "curry hill"  that has tons of Indian restaurants. Lots of Indian clientele, even at 3pm -- a good sign.
This is probably the best Indian food I've had in a while. Delicious good, a very long menu with lots and lots of meat and vegetarian options and fobby watiers who don't understand you if you talk in full sentences, could it be any more authentic? It was packed too but our table was ready in minutes and most of the clientele was Indians from India rambling away in all sorts of languages, which is always a good sign.  I recommend the methi chicken, the Punjabi chicken and the saag paneer with rice and naan. DELISH! My only qualms were that the temperature in here was rather hot, and the service was on the slower side but not bad at all. I also enjoyed the decor, it was very unorthodox and not cheesy at all. They had rolls of Indian fabrics and jars of spices lining the walls, and images of bangles at the bar, it was beautiful.
maybe even 4.5 stars.  could be 5, but i don't think so - not that i can think of anyplace that does this better.went in on a whim,(we were on the subway heading downtown when we decided to hop off on 28th for indian food) no reservation, but got seated right away, it was early on a friday night. it wasn't empty by any means, but not packed either.Very friendly hostess and staff. very comfortable decor, modern, stylish, and colorful, without being too bright or circusy. I like the styling a lot.we each ordered a beer - they have a nice selection, varied if not extensive. I opted for a belgian whitbeer - i find that sort of light beer, with its spice and orange undertones compliments south asia food well. with the bottles they brought enormous chilled mugs. a bottle half filled the glass. could be a clever ploy to make you think you are drinking less than you are, so you order more.... My buddy and I decided to go for 2 rounds of appetizers, rather than any main dish curries - but they have some curries i will definitely return for. soon. They have an extensive selection of indian street food, which is wonderful and unusual.they brought some very tasty papdum to the table with the traditional indian  dipping sauces - the tamarind, the cilantro, and the onions. the 1st 2 were excellent, the onions had a nice taste and heat, but perhaps a bit heavy on the tomato flavor; still yummy however.what we had:1st round:MIRCH PAKORA  Green chili frittersthese were tasty, stuffed with something (!), deep fried, spicy. do not miss them.KURKURI BHINDI  Crunchy okra, red onions, lime and chaat masalafantastic dish. crispy fried bits of okra a perfect snack food. seriouslyMETHI PARATHA Leavened bread stuffed with fenugreeka tasty bread, i love the fenugreek flavor, and served with a very flavorful padina raita - yougurt with chickpeas and spices.2nd round:HARE NIMBU WALE MURGH  Lime flavored chicken wings, ginger and fresh corianderthis were ok. my least favorite dish if the night. not bad in any way, served on a sizzling hot iron plate with onions. tasty, just not exciting.TALE HUAY CAJU  Spiced cashews, black pepper and chat masalaYUM! YUM! these were spicy and crunchy and i could eat a ton of it while drinking beers. which i was. matched very nicely with the -BHEL PURI Puffed rice crunchies, chickpeas, mint and tamarind this is something i loved eating on the streets of india. sweet and spiced. funny to have a restaurant setting, as opposed to in a piece of newspaper on a cow and dog filled street. but damned good.CHILI ONION NAAN   Tandoor "red bread, green chili and onionsjust what it sounds like. and that's a good thing.the staff (mostly nepali i think) was helpful adn friendly, and the waiter was thrilled when i told him about my adventures in nepal. he was ready to take me to meet his family.a good placehighly recommended.a new fave in the indian pantheon.enjoy
The food was delicious and the service was great! There was a wait, but I was able to make a reservation online very easily...I would call ahead and/or make reservations if you plan to dine there on a weekend night
this place opened up about 10 months ago and i'd passed many times meaning to try it.  i so regret not coming sooner!!!its quite an extensive menu, it reminds me of an all american diner that offers a little bit of everything.  i like how they categorize chicken white meat dishes from chicken dark meat dishes.  i have never seen anything like that in my life.  that is very cool.  they have makki da roti which you hardly see anywhere else.  its not as good as the way my punjabi friend's mom makes it but its good enough.  they also have parval aloo ka sabji, you hardly ever see gerkins on a menu anywhere in nyc. service is really slow.  i swear there must be just one chef back there cooking everything.  it takes for ever to get your food.the food itself is decent, i've had better elsewhere.  what really makes this place special is the atypical menu items.
Nice little place. The lunch buffet was great; pav bhaji and bhel puri stole the show. Wouldn't mind coming again. Great value for money.
Ok this is one of my neighborhood restaurants and the food is one the best and so is the quality of the ingredients used. I love going there . Thank you
The food was VERY VERY bland if i compare it with average Indian food taste. Its expensive too if u compare the food , its taste and space as neither is good.Also it fishy how come ALITE memebers r rating it so well ????
Went here for the lunch buffet because the boyf and I love Indian food. It was really good, and a great deal for lunch-- total was about $25 including tip. I will definitely go here again.
Arrived with my Friend Denise on May 31, 2012 at noon and place just opened and smelled wonderfully spicey in here.We were their second table of the day and were seated at the table right before the steps to the 3 tables in the window.Staff was very welcoming and helpful throughout our whole dining experience.We both settled on their wonderfully tasty yet mildly spicey buffet($11.95pp) I had a Mango Lassi(rich and creamy with just the right balance of mango and yogurt) and She GingerAle...We loved the mason jars that the beverages came in(nice size and managable).Now the Food:Rice and peas(fluffy nutty and just right)Goat Biryani(nice chunks of bone in goat, nice rice with a swirl of goat gravy)Chicken Tikki Masala(nice moist chunks of chicken in a smooth creamy tomato sauce)There was another meat dish which was in a brownish like sauce which was really tasty and tender)There were a tray of hard boiled eggs with a nice flavor to them.SAAG PANEER(very mildly spicced spinach and panner cheese dish)A cauliflower and potato dish(in a coral colored sauce which was awesome)A red bean dish(very tender beans in a red sauce with a hint of spices)And a Sweet Item (which we were too full to try.ALSO, staff came around with grilled chicken drumsticks, fried eggplant, and Naan. It was a pleasant surprise for my dining companion as the Chicken and Naan were right up her tastebud's alley.There was a big group sitting straight down the middle of the resataurant maybe 20ish people and the flow of the line went smoothly and buffet was always full when i went up!!We will definitely return as we were there for over an hour and they never rushed us out and the restaurant was full one moment and as peopl eleft more came in.The line did get 20 people long but, i guess since they were dining on their lunch hour they moved thru the ine quick as well as ate paid and left... we sat and talked and enjoyed every mouth bursting spice flavor!!!
Wow, great place and reasonably priced to boot. We had a party of 13 and each paid only about $30 even though we ordered plenty of wine and beer for everyone. Had shrimp, chicken and lamb curry plus assorted sauces (sorry for lack of details, I didn't order, only ate) -- all excellent!
For those of you who love Biriyani (Basmati rice mixed with Spices and meat gravy). This is the place to go. It has the best lamb biriyani I've had in New York city. Its $15 for a huge bowl which can easily be shared by 2 people. The meat (lamb) is really good and they make it to your spice level. Close to the Biriyani's you get back in India.There may be better ones in Edison, Jersey or the other boroughs. Have been to many Indian restaurants in New York city. And this is by far the best one I've been too. They have an unlimited lunch buffet which is 12$ and its a great spread for both meat eaters and vegetarians. The non-buffet menu is good too. Whatever Ive tried tastes great.  Overall Good quality, great ambiance and total moneys worth. It gets really busy, so you may want to make reservations or go early. PS: they also serve Old monk (famous Indian rum). :)
So up until today, the day we saw COCKROACHES, I had thought of Dhaba as a great find. I'm South Asian (Indian) and my boyfriend and I are both super picky about Indian food. We both considered Dhaba authentic and flavorful, but today has completely changed our minds. WE SAW COCKROACHES IN THE RESTAURANT. More specifically, they were crawling up the wall behind me. When we called the waitress over and showed her, she blamed the restaurant next door and squished it (ew). We then saw ANOTHER one on the same wall and called the manager over. The manager again blamed it on the restaurant next door and then acted as if we were doing something wrong by complaining about it. We said we were finished (after not even coming close to finishing our dishes) and asked for the check. When he brought the check (the full amount by the way), we simply paid it and asked for change. We got the change and walked out. As we walked out, I was shaking my hair and bag out to make sure there weren't any more cockroaches coming along for the ride. Not OK. Now, I understand that cockroaches are a part of New York City. But for me, the way it was handled and the customer service was what completely ruined my chances of ever recommending it or going back. The manager acted as if it was our fault, and the fact that he did not comp the meal when we obviously walked out in the middle of it was very poor service. They are out to squeeze their customers dry, and it's going to come back to them because I live just down the street and they lost out on my business of going at least once a month and bringing my friends and relatives to eat there too. I only recommend this place if you want to eat with COCKROACHES. Ew.And yes, I signed up for Yelp just to write this review. I simply had to share my disgusting experience, because normally I love my local favorite restaurants. This was one of them, but no more. Health department, anyone?
Great lunch buffet with some of the best Indian food I have eaten in the area.
It's true that Dhaba is expensive and that the interior is a bit too shiny-modern-y, but these concerns are less important than the fact that I thoroughly enjoyed my Vegetable Pilau.  It was fresh, flavorful, and great to eat.  My companion really enjoyed his dish also.  I agree that for a complete meal -- appetizer, bread, regular entree, drink, maybe dessert, it can add up quickly.  But if you order intelligently, you can get out of here without dropping too much.  I might reevaluate my opinion once I visit other places nearby, but for now, I really enjoy Dhaba.
We all know that I'm a sucker for great Mexican and Indian food, so when I read some of the sizzling buzz about "Curry Hill's" newest restaurant, Dhaba, I knew that I had to get there as soon as I could.Situated on Lexington Avenue between 27th and 28th Streets, Dhaba's modern aesthetic stands out amongst the crowd.  Once inside, diners become transported by sensual Indian music, ethereal smells and warm hospitality.  Choose from booth, table or banquette seating as you simultaneously enjoy the dimly lit, chic (dark wood floors, modern lighting, naked cement walls and colorful art) and comfortable atmosphere.Shelley and I arrived on-time for our 6p.m. reservation and were seated immediately (in a four-top booth, thank you very much - the hostess had no qualms about this request).  I was pleased to find that Dhaba had a full bar and a unique cocktail menu.  Shelley ordered the mango lassi spiked with champagne, while I chose the refreshing homemade lemon soda.  After ordering a shared appetizer of kurkuri bhindi and our entrees, a bowl of papadam (wafer-thin crisps that are as thin as a sheet of paper; light and crunchier than a cracker) and a trio of dipping sauces (tamarind, spicy pickled onion, and coriander chutney) arrived.  Shortly thereafter, a large oval plate overflowing with kurkuri bhindi (sliced, batter-fried okra) was placed before our eyes.  Notes of spicy red onions, tangy time and chaat masala subtly kissed the delicate vegetable.  Growing up in the south, fried okra has, and will always hold, a special place in my heart; and Dhaba's version just may be the best rendition I've eaten thus far (both above and below the Mason-Dixon).Roughly twenty-minutes after receiving our appetizer, our entrees arrived.  Served atop a sizzling cast iron skillet (a la fajitas), was an ample portion of shrimp malai and grilled onions, in addition to an a la carte order of naan and white rice.  The plump shellfish were coated with a creamy marinade, evoking notes of tomatoes, chilies, spices (ginger, turmeric, masala powder, coriander) and peanut oil.  After unearthing a piece of the warm and buttery naan, I topped the homemade bread with a couple of shrimp and grilled onions and proceeded to form what looked like a "burrito."  The flavors (ghee, naan, malai marinade, onions) and textures (fluffy naan, crunchy onions and firm shrimp) were electrifying.  I don't think I can recall having eaten a better shrimp dish in my life.  This entire meal was, by far, one of my "top 5 favorites" of all time.  For approximately $25/person, Shelley and I thoroughly enjoyed Dhaba's excellent service and cuisine.  I look forward to returning in the very near future.Pros: Full bar, separate male and female restrooms, inexpensive, swank atmosphere, great service, outstanding foodCons: Rice and naan are a la carte items and do not come with meals
I guess I have a flair for the hyperbolic, but trust me when I say that this is THE best Indian food in NYC as well as -- and I don't say this lightly -- my favorite restaurant in the country. The Dahiwala murgh is the tastiest Indian dish I've ever had, and their Saag Tikka Murgh is amazing as well. Naan is great -- cheese and nut are especially good.Sure, it's a tad pricy, but there's not much getting around that in Curry Hill. It's well worth it...which is why, even as a poor college student, I make an effort to go at least once a week. If I could give Dhaba a 6, I would.
(FYI : I was born and brought up in India, so I admit,  I have strong views on what Indian food should look and taste like :-)great interiors, good food: really nice place. love the pani puris, crispy bhindi (veggie) and pao bhaaji. the classics punjabi dishes (chicken/paneer/mixed dal) are pretty good too. brunch buffet is good.while if i was only going out for taste i may go to another Indian restaurant but this ticks a lot of other boxes so makes for a good overall package.
I like gristle and the good bits but literally throwing bones in a pot with some sauce does not make it authentic Indian fare.  Would it kill you to have some actual chicken breast?  So many other restaurants in Curry Hill to try, don't bother going back to Dhaba.
Great place but service is not the best! Every table got free papad and dips but my table had to ask for it! That being said, food is great. Malai kofta is good. Methi malai mutter is not good at all. Roomali roti is not like the one we get in India. It was very bready.
Love Dhaba or rather really love Dhaba. Came across it a couple of months ago and have gone back 4-5 times in the meantime. Have taken friends and have all enjoyed it - well everyone but one - he ate a chili by mistake and almost passed out, but other than that incident we all loved it ;-) Try the crispy ochra and all of the appetizers...in my opinion this is the kind of restaurant you should get loads of appetizers and perhaps skip on the entrees. wash it all down with a couple of beers and you've had yourself a nice, fun night in Curry Hill. Don't forget to make a reservation if going in on a weekend night.
Probably the best British style Indian food I have had in USA. The Chaat Bazaar Indian street food is amazing as well. Their Chaas was the best salted Lassi ever, with cumin and corriander. Nan breads are disappointing, I dont think they have a tandoori oven. I havn't tried their Masala Dosa yet. Ovreall, probably my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC.
Dhaba has excellent customer service and a fun atmosphere. The naan is juicy. The rice is soft and the peppers are good and spicy. The tiki masala is my favorite.
I've been to Dhaba about three times and it's been great every time. The food is good, staff are friendly and the place has a great atmosphere.
The food is served too hot and spicy for my taste.Service varies with the day and staff
We ordered food and asked how long it would be.  They said 30 min.  An hour later we still had no food, so we called to ask the status of our food and they said it was on its way.  30 min later (1.5 hours after we ordered) we called again to check on the food, since it had not come.  Again they said it was on the way.  At this point we asked them to call the delivery guy and find out how much longer it would be.  They finally called us back and told us, the food HAD NOT EVEN BEEN MADE YET.  They had lied when they told us it was on the way - twice!  We will never order from here again.
The best Indian food in Curry Hill. And, if you go for the lunch buffet, its also great value.The $10 lunch buffet is excellent. They always have a variety of dishes including chicken, lamb, sometimes goat, and daal or saag. They bring naan and a side to your table. Pretty much everything is delicious. I've only been once for dinner, but it was also excellent and is a good option if you want something which isn't offered at the buffet.My only complaint is that with the tables packed in and people lining up for the buffet, it can get pretty full, but it's really not a problem.
Loved this place! I got the Butter Paneer with Garlic Naan. They give generous portions and the service is great. When walking through Murray Hill it is hard to choose which Indian restaurant to go to because they all look and smell so good, but trust me you will not be dissapointed here. Get there early because around dinnertime there can be a long wait for a table.
I have been here twice and both times the food isn't as spicy as I would like and the flavor isn't great. I ordered the malai kofta which was a bit bland, maybe next time I need to order something else.
The lunch buffet on weekends is good. The starters itself are worth the $13 price.
Visited with an Indian friend who wanted to have Indian food in NYC while she was in town. We walked over to Lexington and somehow settled on Dhaba. Very glad we did!$9.95 for a lunch buffet with great options was really nice. The only thing we had to ask for was a fresh basket of naan.. everything else, they were very helpful and ready to accommodate. I'd never been a big fan of curries, but I tried the Punjabi Lamb Curry and had to go back for seconds. Very nice biryani, the kidney beans were in a very tasty sauce with good zing to it. We got in before it got busy.. but it sure got busy. People definitely know this is a good spot!
Some of the best Chicken Tikka Masala I've had in Manhattan, definitely the best south of midtown.   Dine in buffet is definitely the way to go, prices are great.  Delivery is where you get screwed, they charge about $16 for a single portion of curry, which is nuts.  So lesson of the day, dine in, unless you're really that lazy, which sometimes, I am.
As an Indian, I love Indian food :) Dhaba is a North Indian food place. A bit classy (fine dining sort of), pricier than Chennai Garden / Tiffin Wallah. Food is great. The downside being that they serve meat dishes for the flesh eaters. Lunch buffet is cheaper at $10. This place gets really crowded in the evenings. A lot of upper class, business people and corporate jerks flock to this place. The food will kick butt if you got cold / sinuses :)
I hated Indian food before.  Maybe it was the strong curry smell or the pungent spice but I never liked it until I tried DHABA in Murray Hill.  I can't say that it was the most amazing Indian meal I've ever had because I had only tried Indian food once before.  Buuuuuut, I just LOVED my dish--- Chicken Bharta with a side order of Naan and a glass of Chardonnay. The restaurant was very cute and the service was friendly.  I will definitely return soon to try some of the other dishes on the menu.
Went here for lunch with a friend and to keep the review short - the other (currently 316) reviews speak volumes about this place. The lunch buffet had me at hello ... they welcomed us with warm naan and chicken legs so it was hard to say no. I wanted to give this place 4.5 stars because I have had better Indian food but this place warrants its praise so I'm giving it 5 weigh the average to 4.5 ... math rulez! (just like O'Doyle)
i'll keep this short - i love, love, loved dhaba! one of my girlfriends lives in that area (little india? curry hill?) and this is her go-to spot for indian. we came here with another friend for dinner, and i was pleased to find a petite yet unpretentious restaurant with fresh flavors and a modern decor. the staff was really nice as well; i arrived a solid half hour before my friends, and they not only let me take up a 4-person table during the dinner rush, they also kept me well-supplied in the wine department. the saag tikka murgh and kadai shrimp were delicious with exactly the right amount of heat. i will absolutely be back the next time i'm in nyc.
Awesome place for lunch and dinner. Great lunch buffet selection. Food is deliciously spicy!
Had an excellent meal here tonight. I ordered the goat Kadai. It was excellent! My wife ordered a vegetarian dish which was quite good. The platters of tandoori items that were brought to other tables looked and smelled great. Definitely worth the trip and we'll be back.
Delicious! The chicken tikka masala was so good and the mango lassi was the best I've ever had and was still ice cold when it was delivered (the lassi, not the chicken, which was warm and so yummy!) Will definitely be ordering from here again.
Like others said, its pricey and you should make a reservation for dinner, but the food is delicious. Came for work dinner and there was something for everyone in our group, with everyone satisfied. Special shout out for the fish curry. Usually I avoid it because when its bad its terrible, but this was awesome. Flaky firm fish in tangy tomato sauce. Perfect.
One of the very best Indian buffets in the city. I highly recommend this place, as I have brought all visitor/guests here. The buffet includes Tandoori chicken, just saying...
I work nearby and like to eat out for lunch.  Most restaurants in the area give off the "work-break lunch" vibe, but Dhaba is different.  To be sure, the buffet means you're in and out at your leisure, but the food is great, ambiance is nice, and we didn't feel rushed.  And....it's $10.Great place to go for lunch, I will definitely return.
Good food but mis-managed place..no wait area.. Extremely congested with waiting people between tables! Someone waiting knocked my plate even as he had no place to stand..Door stays open with draft coming in.. Owner seems to be focused on getting as many people in compared to quality of experience and service for the ones the place can genuinely handle!! Try places around.. Few have equally good food if not better with much better ambiance..
Delicious... I had the sunday lunch buffet, for 12.95... a good selection of fresh made indian food... easy for a group to enjoy.
In my humble opinion, this is simply the best Indian food in the city. I lived in Curry Hill for a year and tried nearly every Indian place on Lexington, as well as several pricier options elsewhere in the city like Junoon, and in my opinion Dhaba is simply the best. My favorites are the chicken tikka masala or saag paneer, and samosas are nice and flaky. The garlic naan is perfect. Prices are high but typical for this type of establishment, but the portions are generous and quality consistently excellent. Service is also always good, with a friendly attentive staff that gives suggestions in a non-condescending manner and makes sure your water glass is never empty. My only complaint is that it gets extremely loud in the restaurant at dinner time. Try to get a table by the window; it's slightly quieter. Delivery is good as well. Whenever I leave New York, Dhaba is one of the first places I miss.
so ive been here more than a few times in the past 2 years and generally been satisfied with the food even though its a bit pricy for the level of indian food it is.a few reasons i frequented the place/convinced ppl to go here over other indian places: 1.attention to flavors of standard dishes such as tikka masala, vindaloo, chaats etc. - other places have cut corners on these high traffic dishes to the point of blandness knowing ppl are familliar and will order it regardless of diminishing quality rather than choose others. Dhaba ONCE upon a time did not do this and their foods would be well seasoned and satisfying. i had their dishes memorized by complexity and flavor index...was always consistent.2. ambiance of the place in the small space they have-  kinda trendy, dinerish decorated and you could always look around at different things ..nice dim lighting etc. ..3. speed of service- they would be able to deliver/serve you your dishes in a reasonable time 4.pice was not a reason i went here as their prices are slightly high for a curry hill establishment but i think they get their "authority" based on the fact that the nearby similar sit down restaurants that are decent are kosher Indian or some other specialty Indian restaurant which are pricy for a reason. dhaba hitchhikes on this knowing the next step down from their prices are the taxidriver cafeterias such as haandi and curry in a hurry which serve a completely different purpose. reasons its obvious that dhaba is falling...1. the authenticity of flavors and complexity of the dishes has starkly changed..and i mean very obvious..food is bland, looks steamed and not well substituted  to hide the obvious decline in ingredients... vindaloo i ordered which is usually a thick spicy tangy pungent dish ..was literally thin tomato soup..no salt, no tang, no flavor at ALL..it didn't taste like makhni, curry, or any indian dish at all..i couldn't even call it something else..it was water and tomato sauce..canned tomato sauce probably as it didnt even have the acid/tang of real tomato rather the flat alkaline taste that canned stuff has because they remove acid so as to not react with the metal in the can...to top it off i ordered boneless meat and there was a razor sharp jagged piece of bone appx the size of my tooth that sliced my gum open, bleeding and all... Saag paneer which is usually tempered down and simmered tasted and looked like steamed spinach, paneer was bleach white as if it was just taken from package and dropped in a warm pot. not at all how it was before..saltless flavorless mush ..also no salt anywhere in sight to even add your own.2. ambience- the ambience remains the same as far as decor but your concentration is constantly taken off your experience due to overcrowding and over booking as another person has mentioned. the door is constantly opening and closing and ppl are constantly standing in the doorway..its is uncomfortably crowded and there is no space to move inside even when you are seated. the glass doors take literally 1 minute to close themselves and stay wide open blowing freezing cold air into the restaurant every...you guessed it 30 seconds since ppl keep coming in and out..(delivery guy keeps going out too). ..everyone in the restaurant constantly distracted from their food to look up at who just opened the door...i told them the last time i went not due to cold but because everytime the door was left open you'd hear street noise appx 30dB louder than it was before so it kept interrupting convo and giving you an audible jolt. they did nothing.  the only place you are safe is on the elevated tables behind the door but new led open sign makes it like saw/fight club lighting there!Tables are small and maybe enough to have coffee on.but not real food..constantly afraid things will fall off the table. for 2 ppl the table is a little bigger than 24x24 in..imagine 2 glasses of water, a basket of naan, 2 drink glasses, 2 entrees, a rice (since you have to order rice seperate for all dishes), 2 plates and youd realize that you are in for constant stress of things not fitting/falling over..once the dishes are on the table ..do not dare move them.3. service- such chaos there is 1 remaining asile in the restaurant after they have packed everyone in and its only enough for one person to walk through ..diners walking through , chairs backing out and restaurant employees also trying to come through that one person wide asile..disaster. .they are trying to pack it in so hard that they have no way to serve you properly. besides that the food is coming out much slower yet looks obviously cooked much less ..probably due to too many delivery and sit down orders ..they should limit delivery orders when they have a full house like that but then again maybe ppl get delivery because of how bad it is to go and eat there?Dhaba needs to rethink why ppl go to eat at places else they will be gone very soon..pricy w/o reason at this point.
My favorite place to go to on Lexington Ave for lunch when I'm craving Indian food.  The buffet is a deal.  Only negative is the service can be a bit spacey when you want the check.  HOWEVER, they are quick do bring out spiced chicken legs, another special appetizer and warm naan.  I love all the vegetarian dishes the best.  YUM!
Dhaba (which basically means "roadside kitchen") is probably the most consistent Indian restaurant I've been to in Manhattan. The samosas are excellent, the chicken tikka masala always spicy and same with the other dishes (including saag paneer, and the usual suspects). The beer is also cheap and plentiful (roughly $6 for 20 ounces of kingfisher). Can't really go wrong with this place.
Solid food, nice atmosphere, and efficient service is how I would characterize this place.  Given the price (~$15-20 for most curries), you can get equally good food around the corner to-go for half the price, but it's nice place to go if you want Indian in a nice, yet not formal, environment.Note: the staff warned us that their "medium" spice level is on the high side, so I thought I'd stay safe and just order medium.  However, the curry had NO heat to it at all.
I love Indian food so this place definitely satisfied my appetite. Love the Chicken Marsala with the Naan bread. Been here twice and is looking forward to going here again.
Only a brunch review, and I'm still somewhat retarded on what everything was, but it was mostly all very delicious and flavorful.  I especially enjoyed my tadori chicken leg - all for $12, I believe.  Will definitely be back.
Loved this place.  Went for dinner and thought everything was great.  The goat is fantastic.  I was hesitant to order but it had a great complex flavor.  The chaat was good and I felt was different than the normal indian faire. Also went here for the lunch buffet.  At $10 its a great deal.  The options arent as plentiful but the quality is top notch.
I have eaten at so many Indian restaurants in my lifetime, but Dhaba by far is the best non-veg restaurant in the area.  Service, food, portions all were what we asked for.  We will definitely be going back for more.
3.5-4.  was really in the mood for indian when i came here - it was the first indian food i've eaten since my trip to india (was a bit overloaded) and was looking forward to the experience. dishes ordered were punjabi chicken, vegetable london curry, and an order of the aloo chaat.  the aloo chaat appetizer is like a puff covered in a delicious green and red sauce, sour cream, and chickpeas and man, this plate was licked clean.  the other dishes were tasty but not particularly stand out from other indian food i've had.  we ordered the naan and i appreciated that it wasn't too greasy. the rice was also standard. i would come back but probably will not make this a frequent destination.  do note that, unlike other indian places in the city, the service is really slow and unattentive.
the indian buffet was just okay. The naan is homemade and the best dish their. You can also order from a menu which might have been a better idea. the buffet had all of the popular indian dishes. The spicy chicken rice, chicken tikka massala, etc. While you are eating they come around with plates of tandori chicken. The food from the buffet was just okay.
I can't believe there are only 2 reviews for this restaurant. Their lunch buffet is SO good!!!! $12.95 on Sundays and $9.5 on other days -- in line with restaurants in the neighborhood. The staff is very friendly, our water glasses were never empty and our finished dishes were taken away promptly. All the appetizers and curries were amazing... I ate SO much that I almost couldn't walk afterwards!! One thing though, the naan they give you on the side is a little oily and thin, which I don't like. But otherwise, I highly recommend this restaurant for Sunday brunch!!
I've been here for the lunch buffet several times.  The food is quite good--there is usually a selection of two meat dishes, several vegetables, a dal and a dessert or two.  They also come by bringing bread and tandoori chicken or another special item.  The buffet is a bargain!  The one downside is the seats are close together and it is usually very crowded.  But if you'll willing to put up with that, it's worth it.
Went to Dhaba on 3/10 around 1pm. Despite the packed house, the service was impeccable. Brought my client there for a quick lunch.The waiters were attentive to our requests, the food was fantastic and came piping hot out of the kitchen. I was amazed the fluidity of the service and the food  was being refilled CONSTANTLY.The place is VERY CLEAN - I give that an A++. The decors is well done (love the bead bracelets on the ceiling. best of all: the customers seem in great mood and happy. So overall from food to service and ambiance: I give it a 4 star!!  - Retail & Hospitality Agent_NYC
A friend and I tried this place a few months ago. I'd never tried Indian food before and was pleasantly suprised.   The butter chicken was well seasoned and tender. I will be back.
I have serious reservations about giving a restaurant 5 stars b/c  there is always some room to improve and I want the restaurants to strive for five (wow, that was unintentional)! Call it the hunger that followed a yoga class and no dinner beforehand, call it the holiday spirit, in this case, I'm really feeling like a 5 star review is deserved. Especially considering the location, it takes a lot to stand out amongst the other good Indian places around here but this restaurant did. I went with my cousin who always uses yelp to find a good restaurant. We literally checked this place out on his phone before we went in. Yes, it was snowing. Regardless, this place was pretty packed compared to the restaurants we passed on the way up Lex, and cousin said it had 4 stars so we went for it and never even looked back. The staff was kind and attentive, offering suggestions on what to order. We had the vegetable biryani and some green lentil dish. Plus they gave us those crunchy lentil chip -like breads with 3 yummy dipping sauces. And we ordered garlic naan. The portions were large enough for him to take a good portion home for lunch and it was moderately priced, for sure! We didn't feel rushed by the staff and we chatted as the night passed us by... I am certainly recommending this place for all!
this place is pretty good.  the food is fresh.  the ambiance is interesting - as they put lentil beans in tubes within the seating couches.  i thought the waiters were attentive and the service was quick.  i'd definitely go back.
This place is excellent! I went there on Saturday for the lunch buffet, and I was so excited by what they had to offer. The buffet itself was delicious - filled with several vegetarian and non-vegetarian options. The food was full of flavor, not greasy, just the amount of spice... it was awesome. Normally I'll like one or two items, maybe, at a buffet, but I was pretty much all over everything. Then at the table they bring you naan (which was supurb - crispy, hot, light..mmmm), some hard corn bread thing (sorry, don't know the name of it) and more and more appetizers! It was like one waiter after the next coming with a new items. Even though they were very croweded, my water glass was never empty, the buffet was always full, and we really got a lot of attention. I was thrilled and will definitely be back with my vegetarian husband who will be thrilled by having options!
The food is great.  We had the chicken tikka Masala, fish curry, dosas, and the bangan burta.   Pretty fresh tasting food.  The hostesses are friendly.   The waiters are okay.  The food is not spicy, which is good for us since we have two kids.  They also get fairly busy after 6:30pm so I would suggest getting there early.  One annoying thing is they have a lot of take out orders and sometimes it takes a while to get our food.  All in all, probably one of the best Indian restaurants in Palo Alto.
Best overall Indian food in the Lexington Ave area. Can't get enough of this place. Good ambience, great service and authentic, delicious Indian food at its best at reasonable prices!Definitely a 5-star classy joint! I strongly urge all foodies to try this place out! You wont regret it!
Came here for an after my school's club meeting.  Never though I would try Indian food but my friends suggested it.  My friend and I weren't too hungry so we decided to order one of the Spicy Chicken things (I forgot the name) and a side of Cheese/Nut Nan.  It surprised me!  I love Spicy foods and the chicken was just great! Had a taste of lime to it which was even better! The Cheese Nut Nan was so yummy! Better than the plain ones!  They also serve an appetizer of chips? with three dips!  it looked so fancy that my friend and I thought we had to order it when we saw it on someone else's table!  The atmosphere was very dark but loud.  It's a great place to go with friends and I would bring my family there!
Very good lunch assortment, good prices, and stylish interior.
Loved it - friendly service, nice deco, lamb vindaloo was perfectly spiced.There's even a dedicated British ex-pat section on the menu - what more can a man ask for.
The food at dhaba was delicious -- not the run of the mill Indian. Not greasy. Would go back based on the food. The service? That's another story. Waited at least 10 minutes for our drinks to come (we arrived at 6:45, there were maybe 4 other people in the restaurant).  We were given two menus for our table of four. When we asked for more menus, they brought us one more menu (by this time there were perhaps 10 people there).We ordered appetizers and entrees. Appetizers came in a fairly normal amount of time. Meal came a solid 1.5 hours after we had ordered. WTH?? Sadly, the service took away a bit from the meal (again, no beef w/ the food). If Dhaba can sort the service out, I'd highly recommend this restaurant.
This place is as good as it could get in a busy manhattan set-up. I am just done enjoying a delicious lunch buffet for $13. From the starters, the entree and to the dessert, all dishes were great. Their nice modern interior deco nicely compliments their culinary offerings. It was very busy and people were often queuing up at the front door, but i guess that may also be because of the some indian parade going on in the neighborhood. But anyways, this place deserves 5 stars based on my experience today. The few things i would recommend to improve upon would be: 1. Air conditioning (it was kinda hot in there today).  2. Increase the no. of veg dishes on offer.3. If possible add a drink to the lunch buffet.
I just had the Chicken Tikka Masala - it wasn't great.  On the plus side, it was pretty spicy.
Dhaba is the place to go if you want Indian food that tastes just a little strange. Their pani puri (little crispy puffs filled with spicy water) tasted a bit sour to me, not balanced. Their bhatura (thick bread) tasted kind of sweet. Much of their food just seems kind a little off, Americanized in a strange way.
We LOVE LOVE LOVE Dhaba, the Gobi and Chicken Lolipops! The service is excellent and they do wonderful catering for all my parties. The food is so good, all my friends go there now. The manager is wonderful and very accomodating. Have been going there since the start!! Thank you Dhaba!!!
This place always looked interesting when I walked by and I finally ate there today. The ambience is modern and cosy with colorful silk bars in the background and interesting placements of lentil/spice jars on the walls.  We ordered the lasooni gobi (garlic cauliflower) for appetizer with lassi, paneer kali mirch (cottage cheese with black pepper) as main course and of course nans. Everything tasted great! Better than I was expecting...and I can be a tough judge of Indian food.  Be careful of the spice though..the paneer kali mirch had just one pepper drawn next to it on the menu but was really spicy!!! (and this is coming from someone who has grown up in India eating spicy :) Can you imagine ordering the dishes with three peppers! Overall great ambience, good food and not too expensive! We will definitely go back!
So we have come to realize that we are not huge fans of Punjabi food.  Maybe this place really does have good Punjabi food, however we just dont enjoy the large amounts of ghee and cream used in the dishes.  All the dishes are so heavy.  We had the buffet which was great in that the flat breads were brought to the table and they had the waiters bring around extra food for you that was not available at the buffet.  Nevertheless, we are glad we tried it as we had heard good things about this place, however Punjabi food is not for us. We definitely wanted to nap afterward because of all the heavy food.
Im new to the whole curry stuff and dhaba is the place to be if you're new to it. Flavored appropriately for the noobies. Worth the wait? Maybe.
The food here is AMAZING! I see locals in here every time I go, always packed and was told by someone that just came back from India the dishes are authentic and tasty! We had the chicken wings which were delicious and spicy, the onion chili naan that was spicy and the paneer pakora which was like a fried grilled cheese with flavorful spices in the middle! The paneer and chicken appetizers were the winners. For the entree we had the butter chicken and a curry lamb called Achari Gosht. The butter chicken was insanely good and just the right amount of spice. The lamb was super tender and too spicy for me, but the flavor was really nice. We liked the butter chicken the best. After this we had to wheel ourselves out of here! I love how this place is open late, once I went here and the server was friendly, the other the server was flat out rude and did not even give eye contact. Ultimately you are not coming here for the service, right? It is a great place to go with friends or bring a date, the place has a nice atmosphere, but definitely is not decorated in a traditional manner. When you come here, you best be putting on your eatin' dress! We limped out of this place like two overstuffed hobbits!
Two of us had dinner last Friday. We arrived at 8 and had to wait only 10 minutes to get seated. While space is limited the close proximity to other diners got the mouths watering. Waitstaff varies from efficient to annoyed. There's a sense that the spurs have been put into employees to flip tables. But it's about the food and everything ordered was an absolute gem - Goan fish curry, Bhuna lamb Mirchwala, and an some breads. Everything was ordered medium (which was described as "Indian medium") but it was not very spicy at all. Next time in NYC I'll definitely return to Dhaba.
Delicious Indian food.  The Bhel Pori and Pani Pori are delicious, and the Goan fish curry was very good.  They serve healthy portions.  The British Curry House is a nice touch...the Balchao is good.
This restaurant had terrible service. I had to wait over an hour for mediocre, over-priced food and bear unfriendly, unhelpful service. I would not recommend this place to anyone who wants a good, or even relatively decent, Indian meal.
I've been here twice. The food is good, the service is bad, really bad. The first time, the hostess made us wait 45 minutes for a table, even though there were 3 tables for 2 open. They just weren't fast enough in clearing the tables and she ignored us completely. The second time we went for our anniversary dinner. We really should've gone elsewhere. We were seated and had to wait over 30 minutes for our food to come out - we had ordered an appetizer and a main course. They even forgot to bring us their usual basket of naan with sauces initially. We kept on asking for our food and by then, it was nearing 10 pm. An indian family of 6 had set up shop at the table next to us 10 mins after we came in, and they were well through their meal by that time. When we finally got our food, we had waited so long that our appetite had passed and the indian family next to us was finishing up their dinner. The manager spoke to us repeatedly about the delay in getting us our food and simply apologized, but they didn't even offer us a complimentary coffee or tea. For the first time in our lives we left no tip. And we always tip 20%. I'm not going back here - despite the good food. I'll find myself some other good indian place to get my Indian fix!p.s. and yes, i signed up for yelp especially to write this review.
absolutely the place to eat goat biryani in that neck of the woods. can do better with the bhaingan bhartha. enjoyed the buffet at noon and ala carte in the evenings. for a time one would have thought me to be staff at the place. may help to have a bit more place for my elbows. farm raised chicken have more space.
My favorite Indian place. Good chicken and lamb, they serve naan and chicken wings to the table, and dessert changes often. Price is good too.
I loved the food here... Everything is great about this place except how cramped the place was, but what do you expect in Manhattan?
Out of all the Indian restaurants on Lex, this is by far the best. The rest are nothing compared to Dhaba. Great taste and quality. I know people from India who came to the city and ate at Dhaba and they are still calling me from India and raving to me about the amazing food experience they had. Just outstanding. The ambiance is great and the service is amazing for a place that is so busy. The curries are amazing and the meat is always cooked to perfection. Everything on the menu is top-notch. Nothing disappoints. Be sure to check out the lunch buffet, the naan is so fresh and is always fluffy. The jugs the lassi come in are so chic and the lassi itself is outstanding. The whole restaurant is like a dream, even a utopia of what an Indian restaurant should be like, food-wise and atmosphere-wise. I have dreams about this food, no joke.
Excellent Indian food. I had their five-lentil daal and loved it. The samosas were wonderful--not greasy at all, and very flavorful--as was the naan--soft and chewy, and served hot. Everyone in my party enjoyed their food (chicken biryani and some other chicken dish from the "British curry" menu, plus we had one of the chaat appetizers). The interior is sleek and a bit noisy. Service was great and very fast, up until we were ready for the check; then we had to wait quite a bit.
food and service were so good!   our waiter was very attentive and took our orders for drinks, appetizers, and entrees without writing a thing down - and everything came out perfectly!
i've never had such good indian food anywhere.  ever.  boyfriend and i have been over and over and have brought multiple out of town guests who loved it too. better than jackson diner, much better than 6th st indian places...don't think you'll find better in the city.i recommend all of the chat appetizers, korma, and tikka masala.
F'in real good.
based on reviews by Yelpers, I called 2 days ago for a reservation for 8 people at 8:15...we arrived tonight promptly, and they sat us immediately...we received friendly solicitous service from the outset: menus in hand, papadums etc on the table, and drinks ordered literally within minutes...all of the dishes that arrived were fresh, flavorful and plentiful...especially good were garlic naan, my goat with chilies and ginger, chicken korma, lamb phaal (with a wonderful slow-burning chile heat) and goat rogan josh...a pleasant surprise was a selection of beers that actually go well with Indian food (Kingfisher never could stand up to such full flavors, IMHO)...another pleasant surprise was no pressure to eat and leave - everyone felt relaxed and unhurried...all in all, a very good meal with very good service...I recommend Dhaba highly with no hesitation, and I will go back in the very near future...thank you, Yelpers!
+ Food is authentic and spicy.- Place is packed with too many tables which makes it very noisy. You're literally a few millimeters away from the next table.- Service isn't good and waiters are very eager to get you out of the door so that they can get more customers. The guy came up to me 3 times in the first 10 minutes to urge me to order for something while I was still setting down and catching up with my friends.
This is one of the first few Indian restaurants I have tried and it certainly will not be the last! I was first introduced to this restaurant awhile back and had it with a friend, who was familiar with Indian cuisine. If you are unfamiliar with Indian food (like me), the menu may be a bit overwhelming with a large spectrum of dishes to pick from, especially when you are not accustomed to the names. I have eaten at this restaurant twice for DINNER, and both times did not disappoint at all. It keeps me off my toes daydreaming about the next trip I take to eat Indian food!-----Lamb Dahiwala -lamb in yogurt gravy with onions and coriander (~$17)Both times, I have gotten the Lamb Dahiwala; and it is absolutely amazingggg. It is a creamy tan-ish texture that comes in a quite small amount compared to the price  you pay for this dish. I absolutely love the chunks of lamb; it is fairly large compared to other places. The dish looked small to begin (which it is), so it looked like there were very few pieces of lamb. Little did I know, there was a vast amount of lamb pieces and not enough of the sauce. :( The sauce is very creamy and it is not spicy at all, so if you are into creamy-sweet (from the yogurt), dahiwala is the dish for you!CON: It does not come with rice.-----Biryani w/ Lamb (basmati rice preparation with mint leaves, bay leaves, garam masala and brown onions (~$14)I have been wanting to try a Biryani dish for awhile, as I have seen pictures of rice mixed with a variety of spices and ingredients. It was absolutely delicious as well. The reason this dish was ordered because the lamb dahiwala does not come with rice, which me and my guest wanted rice... It taste amazing with the dahiwala sauce if you mix these two dishes together on your plate. This is a great substitute of rice if you are sharing with others; as well as trying out a new dish. ------Garlic Naan(~$5)The garlic naan is very delicious as per usual!  Dipped this into the Dahiwala. Amazinggg.----Mango Martini & Pineapple Breeze($12 each)These cocktails are definitely very pricey, but the martini glasses are huge. They fill the entire glass that, it literally spills with every bit of movement. I actually liked the Pineapple Breeze more because it was a very relaxing taste, as oppose to the Mango Martini, it just straight up taste like Mango with a touch of vodka. I just wished these drinks were not so pricey. I definitely plan on coming back here whenever I crave Indian food. I also want to try the lunch buffet when I come back as well!
Soggy naan, lukewarm raita, chicken cooked poorly, and disinterested customer service.This is nothing like a real Dhaba.  This is bad Indian food for non Indians
After a long day filled with meetings, this was a great place to unwind with some good cocktails and great food :-) Highway lassi was absolutely fabulous. A good mango lassi based cocktail. Chicken biriyani was yummy too. Portion size is hugeee and good enough for 2. So be careful while ordering. Ordered the spicy version for my indian taste and it WAS spicy! Damage - $29.00 plus tip Service was very average. Nothing compared to the american restaurants. One thing to note is - this place is LOUD!! Main reason being the size of the restaurant and it popularity. Its full almost all the time!! So if you are looking to meet a customer or have a leisure conversation with your girlfriend, this is not your place. Come to this place only for the food and nothing else.
RECOMMENDEDGiven that I work virtually around the corner from Dhaba, I was long overdue to enjoy the lunch buffet at this much reviewed "Curry Hill" restaurant and lunched here on 1/5/16. Indo-Pak buffets, with their typical biryanis, masalas and curries can be as cookie cutter as Italian pizza joints since you pretty much expect to see the "usual suspects". What really counts is the freshness and deliciousness of the dishes you expect  to see and little touches that distinguish the restaurant. Dhaba does exceedingly well by both criteria.This rather small restaurant is nicely decorated. I like the look of the stainless steel buffet stations and the thin hanging lighting reminiscent of an industrial loft. The Ball Corp. mason jar water glasses, a hipster affection which I admittedly employ as my morning smoothie glass, works in this setting.Upon arrival, my server pleasantly directed me to my seat. Waiting for me were hot, well-spiced and delicious slivers of sweet potato fries, fresh and warm naan and water in the aforementioned Ball mason jar. The buffet consists of about six stations of fresh and hot food. With the exception of Aloo Gobi Mater, I opted for carnivore fare.I enjoyed the Chicken Tikka Masala. The chicken was tender and the tomato-based gravy, a perfect sop for my Basmati Rice, had a deep and rich tomato flavor, reminiscent of a good Italian red sauce. Lamb Curry was flavorful, as was the Chicken Biryani. The Aloo Gobi Mater was very well cooked. The potato was cooked to a nice "toothiness". It was firm and tasty, not limp. The peas were also cooked perfectly.my only criticism of the dishes mentioned above would be that I prefer a little more heat and assertive seasoning and spiciness. If you are new to Indian food, this can be seen as an asset because the food here is very accessible to those unfamiliar with Indian .I really liked the service here too. The servers were pleasant and attentive. They removed dishes, and filled water glasses, promptly. I also like that they brought around freshly cooked Tandori Chicken which was tender,moist and tasty, a practice distinguishing the restaurant from other buffet places.All this......for $13.01 after tax and before tip.........a tremendous value.Dhaba is now in my lunch rotation.
Came for dinner in a large group. Good service and good food. The chicken tikka masala is really good!! Not spicy for people who can't handle spice like me. Would recommend getting it with the naan or some rice. The dishes are a bit expensive, around $16. They have Indian beers here. The restaurant is located on a strip of many Indian restaurants. Would defs come back.
Wow. What a difference a year or two make. This place was terrible - service, food, detail. And for what is basically mediocre Curry Hill fare, the pricing should have been easier on the wallet. The service was beyond inattentive and preferred talking amongst themselves - I had to get up from my table to get anyone's attention. The "peas pullao" was leftover lumpy lunch rice with a handful of half warmed peas on top. The roti was reheated and was so dry it was crispy.  I would honestly just avoid this place.
Some of the best Indian food I have had in the US. I like how they have a "British curry" section on the back of the menu for those who are familiar with those dishes -- tikki masala, vindaloo, etc. my son had lamb vindaloo. I had a saag that was quite extraordinary. Restaurant was loud and busy, but there was no wait at 8pm on a Thursday night
This is is favorite Indian place in the city. I like the decor, the service and the way they do curryhouse classics. It's a great mix of Brit-desi and desk street food.
---------Overall Verdict:SERVICE: OkayVENUE: OkayFOOD: Okay - try the Aloo Tikki ChaatADDITIONAL INFORMATION: If you must use the bathroom, the bathroom cleanliness was a 2.5 out of 5, and it's one of those "slow-flushing" toilets. Just saying...VERDICT: If you haven't already guessed from my unenthusiastic "Okays", this was just a mediocre place to me. Perhaps Dhaba was having an off-night. Nevertheless, while I didn't have a terrible experience, I am not inclined to return.---------Service/Venue:Arrived at 6pm on a Wednesday, and it was somewhat vacant. The service was efficient as the food came out quickly, but the staff weren't the sweetest or friendliest. The venue had dim-lighting and gave off a casual atmosphere - one of those places for a random get-together with a friend or a group.---------Food:===Appetizers:- Chapli Kabab (Minced lamb with roasted coriander and green chilies): Mediocre. Spicy, but not so flavorful. However, my friend had thought it is better than most- Pani Puri ([cold] Stuffed puri served with tamarind water): This is a decent light snack to have- Aloo Tikki Chaat ([cold] Potato patties and chickpeas with yogurt and chutnies): This was my favorite of the bunch as it was the only dish that actually made my taste buds go to work with its flavorness.===Entrées:- Chicken Chutneywala (Chicken curry with mangoes and green masala): Unmemorable- Chicken Tikka Masala (Skewered chicken in a fenugreek laced tomato sauce): My staple food, but I was not impressed.===Desserts:- Ras malai: I was not a fan but my friend thought it was okay with something missing- Gulab jamun: Dhaba has toned down on the sweetness which could either be a good or bad thing depending on your sweetness preference. As for me, it was a negative. This is my staple dessert and I was hoping for a bit more sweetness.Sorry, Dhaba. I wish I could have given a better review, but I was just not impressed.
The lunch buffet is definitely an amazing deal! Especially given that it includes table-side servings on naan and tandoori chicken.This is solid Indian food, although definitely leaning more towards the heavy/creamy side than the spiced, spicy, and flavorful Indian food that I crave. The saag paneer was an exception and a real standout, and everything else was good but not super memorable.Ultimately, I would rather spend $12 on deeper, tastier Indian food than this, but if you're looking to stuff yourself, this is a pretty great place to do it.
Best selection of chaats!!! Great place to have an authentic desi meal!! Been here a few times and the taste and quality of food has been consistent!! Always good to return to a restaurant knowing your food will taste good. My recommendations are as follows- bhel puri chaat, puraani Delhi ki chaat, pahadi kebabs and tangri kebabs.
The food is perfectly ok on the surface.  Then you find out the naan is recycled among strangers.  Just wait until cold & flu season.  Fortunately, this years flu shot is already out.  Zombie service at best.
I was craving Indian so I came to Dhaba based on a recommendation of my girlfriend. This a trendier option in the Murray hill area for good quality Indian food. We came on a weeknight and the place was pretty packed. I recommend making a reservation in advance if you can. The service was good although the server definitely tried to oversell us more food than we could actually eat. I found it a bit annoying but I have no problem saying no. I was able to sample various dishes including chicken tikka masala, lamb madras, and saag paneer. Everything came in decent portions and the flavors were spot on. However the lamb madras definitely stole the show. For sides we ordered garlic naan and rice. The dishes didn't come with rice and we had to order it as an extra item. I found this a bit ridiculous and the reason I am taking off one star. For a drink I ordered a mango lassi and it was delicious and had the perfect consistency, not too watery and not too thick.Overall this is one of the trendier Indian restaurants in the area and I will definitely return to try their lunch buffet option.
Food was OK not so bad. But these guys are theives. I forgot my credit card in the restaurant and left. They  billed 77$ extra to it thinking I wouldnt check and come back.When I went back and checked, they revoked the charge. Be cautious. Check your bills after eating here. I hate to say this as an Indian, but it seems this is a common practice at Indian restaurants. They bill a few dollars more than what you owe thinking that many people don't keep the checks.
I Love, Love, Love indian cuisine. This place here is to die for. I come here for bunch on sunday's. All you can eat for $35 bucks. Not a bad deal as the selection is very broad. The flavor in this food is amazing. During the summer they barbecue chicken in the back and they come around with the trays to serve the guests. I highly recommend this spot. The interior looks awesome.
This was my first time having Indian. I enjoyed the food, but service was very slow and the place was very crowded. the naan is a must. We ordered that with a few sides to dip it in (stuff I cannot pronounce) including photos.
So i have came here quite  a few times, so i update my review in a nutshell.Cons: they CAN sometimes take a while. several times now, we have waited for about 20 mins for our food to arrive, both in super busy and super dead times.Pro: their food is LEGIT indian. without going into detail on how a white girl can speak on Indain cuisine... go there and you will know what i say is true.  Their butter chicken is SUPERB.  I recommend also get the shrimp Tikka masala which is so flavorul but in equally good way tastes very different on the palate. Their Paneer Pakora (indian fried cheese appies) are a great start! Also recommend the garlic Naan. as i said before Ill say it again, before you go anywhere else in this area, I recommend you go there first!
I used to come here pretty regularly and always thought the food was a lot better than the places on E.6 and the others in Curry Hill. But dinner last night was a huge disappointment. From the stale pappadum to the dirty menus to the weak but pricey drinks, but especially the food. I honestly think Trader Joe's spinach paneer is better than the one I had last night and at $15, it's about 1/5 the price!
A nice cozy place for a quick lunch. The spread for the lunch buffet was rather conservative when compared to other restaurants. Although, the food was incredibly tasty. There are quite a few varieties for the meat lovers, right from lamb curry to tandoori chicken. All in all a brilliant stop for a quick lunch buffet. I recommend you make a reservation prior your visit as it is generally busy during lunch hours.
Perhaps the best Indian buffet I've ever had. The buffet features a good mix of meat dishes and veggie dishes. The chicken tikka masala was flavorful and the chicken was perfectly cooked. My other favorite dishes were the pumpkin and spinach dish (has more of kick to it), the fish curry, and the tandoori chicken. By the way, the tandoori chicken is brought out on a platter and the waiter stops at each table periodically asking if anyone at the table would like some. I'm pretty sure you could ask directly for some if that's what you're looking for.I also really appreciated that they make the naan fresh and bring it to your table. I've been to buffets where they leave it out and it ends up drying out and tasting like cardboard. The naan here is very soft and buttery.
It's a small Indian restaurant on the very competitive Lexington Avenue in NYC. We live in NJ, so it was a 40-minute drive for us to get to this joint, but it was worth it. My whole family came here for Thanksgiving dinner since it's the family tradition. Every thanksgiving we try a new Indian Restaurant. We ordered Mushroom Mali Wali, which was really good. Mushrooms in a creamy sauce with Indian spices. We also got pakoras, which were deep fried vegetables coated with Indian batter.  Main course consisted of three different curries, aloo gobi, navrant korma, and shrimp Tikka masala. The aloo gobi had to be remade since the first batch had too much salt. We ordered the plain rice and onion/garlic kulcha naan. I was disappointed with quality of the naan, but the rice was pretty good.I'd recommend eating here because they do cater to different taste buds and they can make some spicy food. Good location.
Owned by the same people of Chote Nawab, Dhaba Indian Cuisine is a fun and elegant choice for affordable and authentic Indian dishes!Pros:* Recommend making reservations via the phone versus OpenTable. OpenTable had nothing open for the times we wanted but when I called, I encountered no difficulties! * The ambiance is trendy and contemporary, lively spot perfect for group dinners or with girlfriends* Great service! No complaints! * Found the food pretty damn delicious- from the rich and thick Mango Lassi, flavorful Chicken Tikka Masala and Saag Paneer to fresh and hot Naan. My favorite dish of the night was the Lamb Madras- the semi sweet sauce complimented perfectly with the tender lamb that melted in my mouth- so addicting! * Because the food is naturally so heavy, for 3 of us we were already completely stuffed with 2 curries, 1 rice and 1 nann...so no need for Saag Paneer.* Prices are decent- $30 including tax and tip for all that food! Definitely coming back here to try out their buffet special and other hot dishes!
Nope. Indian food here is average at best. Been here twice. The curry is the same in most dishes. The chicken biryani is average.
This is my absolute favorite Indian restaurant.  I head there for their lunch buffet & am never disappointed.  The food is all about the sauces & seasoning.  They seem to consistently nail every dish.  Their typical buffet spread includes several chicken dishes, lamb, vegetables, paneer, naan, tikka, etc.  For me this restaurant is perfection.
Small cozy place, went there with my hubby for some great Indian food and was not disappointed. They serve you complimentary fried papad and chutneys. The imli chutney was yumm. We ordered dal makhani, chicken with yogurt curry , lamb curry. The entrees do not come with rice so we ordered a side of rice and garlic naans and tandoori roti. Naan was soft and fresh but tandoori roti was thin and hard ,almost crispy. Will not order roti again. Dal and lamb was delicious. Chicken tasted good as well but certain chicken pieces were overcooked and chewy. Overall, nice place with good food and good service. Would definitely visit again.
I live in Curry Hill but have been scared to go back to any restaurants after going to Tamba and spending $75 for two people on Indian food and we didn't even order anything crazy.Ambiance:  very modern looking.  Has a lounge vibe to it.  Music was electronic/top hits and I felt like getting up and dancing on the tables.  All the waiters were super friendly and so was the owner.  My water was never less than 50% full.  It's on the darker side and a great spot for a date!Food:  delicious!  The owner labeled it as Punjabi food.  Had the chicken wings to start and they reminded me of jerk chicken with an Indian spice kick.  Naan had a wonderful texture.  Loved the chicken tika masala and the goat stew!  Both were so flavorful but no overwhelming.  I also really loved the galub jaman!!!Definitely check this place out for tasty and affordable Indian food!  Can't wait to try their sister restaurants!
Had a delicious Saturday lunch buffet. Good selection of veg dishes, all very tasty except for the dessert (and they only one dish - boo!)  Would definitely stop by again to order off the menu, along with the Kingfisher on tap.
Amazing Indian food with great service. I have a great mulligatawny soup that I can finished a whole bowl. And I ordered some lamb with yellow curry, it's also great.
Went here for their 12.95 lunch buffet special. Got quite crowded by 12:10. Service never brought over some of their chicken tandoori but otherwise, it was OK. Naan was adequate, fried eggplant (Eggplant Pakora I guess) was not super greasy and quite hot, and the buffet dishes in general were good.In terms of the buffet dishes.Chicken biryani was OK, a bit less spiced than usual.Kadai Gohst was excellent.Mattar Paneer and Sag Paneer were both solid.Fried potatoes were good but it is a fried spiced potato so yeah.The chicken Tikka was adequate.Good spice levels for the dishes, solid buffet.
Hands down the absolute best chicken masala I've ever tasted.  Usually when I order food to be delivered I seclude myself from any pesky coworkers so they don't ask me what smells so good.   Not with this dish.  I felt it was my duty as an American to make sure each and every person in my vicinity knew exactly what I was eating and how delicious it was.Obviously I didn't share any of it with them but I got the word out
Love this place - chicken korma, lamb vindaloo, and cheesy naan.  The service is always excellent and fast.  The food is delicious and price is comparable to other places in Curry Hill.  It is my go-to for when friends are craving Indian.  The setting is nice and not too crowded.
Well, I am surprised that people gave 4 stars to this Restaurent. PUNJAB da chicken was just boiled chicken pieces dipped in Ava rage gravy!! Lamb Bhindi was loaded with Bhindies, & Rumali roti was Tawa -Rubber Roti. Customers have learnt to accept any food in name of Indian delicacies!!!
The food here was excellent - but I was surprised that the side of rice which typically comes with any main entree typically, cost us 5.50$ - My only reason for giving this restaurant 4 stars.The two main dishes were absolutely the perfect spice level & the portion sizes were great - more than enough for two to share & take home leftovers.  The service was pretty on point here as well.  Our water glasses never reached half empty before someone was refilling for us.This place was packed - every seat in the restaurant taken, but we barely had to wait here & noticed that the service was so quick here, that turn around was quick & so wait times were short. Just felt that they overcharge where they can - because they know they can.
This was our first Indian restaurant in Manhattan... but our bazillionth Indian restaurant overall. I have to say- best Indian AYCE we've ever been to. If it were $20 or $30/person then maybe I'd give it a lesser rating because there weren't that many dishes from which to choose... on second thought I'd give it the same rating. The food was soooo high quality. The fact that it was only like $12 was just an added bonus.Yeah, some things were spicier than others. Compared to real Indian spice it was child's play- and I actually prefer the food to be more authentic.That said, most of the servers acted like they didn't want to be there... Didn't effect the taste of the food in any way. Definitely will be back.
Affordable lunch buffet (~$12) and you definitely get your money's worth: rice, goat biryani, chicken tikka masala, chili chicken, kadhi, chole, aloo mattar, palak paneer, naan, bhature, chaat and gulab jamun. A few dishes could have been better and the chaat was a bit bland, but otherwise I would definitely order some of the food for takeout again. Naan wasn't as soft and buttery as I've had at other restaurants on Lex. The chili chicken, biryani and chicken tikka were the best out of the lot.
When I think about the best Indian food I've ever eaten three places come to mind:1. Taj Indian in South Portland, Maine2. RedFort in Basingstoke, England3. Dhaba in NYC, New York(And I think Dhaba might actually be all time favorite, but for dramatic effect I had to make it last in the above list. You get it.)I've been here a few times over the years, and I'll agree with what others have said: the lunch buffet is an awesome deal, but YES it gets crazy busy crazy fast. Also, while the options are clearly labeled, they aren't always clearly labeled as to what's specifically vegetarian. Being kind of picky here, but it's a nuisance when a thousand New Yorkers are trying to buzz around you, Sloth of the Restaurant World, to get their masala now now now.So here's what I suggest: get take-out. It's fast, it's easy, and it might actually be more plentiful than what you get in a normal dining-in portion (don't you love when businesses do this?).And here's what I suggest you get (if you're a vegetarian):+ Samosa ($6.50): these "pastries stuffed with potatoes and cauliflower" are ENORMOUS. The pastry part is golden, flaky perfection and the inside was full of warm, delicious, chunky veg and spice. I think my one order got me two of them. They also came with complimentary sides of, I think, a tamarind sauce and a mint sauce.+ Navratan Korma ($13.95): advertised as "creamy vegetables and paneer cheese"; should be advertised as "manna from heaven." I've never eaten anything like this - it was creamy, rich, had plentiful chunks of paneer, cauliflower, potatoes, and pineapple. THIS is my new favorite Indian dish and wouldn't you know... nowhere in Maine has it. Awesome.+ Mango Chutney ($2.95): you basically get a small bathtub vat of the stuff, and while that might seem like a lot... it's not, especially if you end up eating it by the spoonful in your hotel bed at 2am after drinking too much sake. Not that I've ever done that. Not only is this stuff sweet, fruity, and delicious for savory items, but I bet it would be awesome on top of a honey ice cream.Dhaba is not to be missed. And if you're traveling north and want to work out a Dhaba-for-Maine lobster swap, you just let me know.
Ordered delivery from Dhaba via Seamless yesterday...here are my thoughts:Prices are high ($13.50 for tadka dal is basically highway robbery) but I will say that their quantities are substantial.Food came quickly.Food itself was just okay. -- Aloo tikki chaat was on the watery and bland side. It was just okay.-- Daughter seemed to like the lamb kabobs.-- Husband seemed to like his chicken tikka masala (no complaints from him, which is rare!).-- Naan was excellent.-- Tandoori roti was very dry and tasted doughy. It may have not been mixed properly, prior to cooking.-- Aforementioned tadka dal was very spicy and not a great consistency.-- Complimentary papadums were delicious.Overall I don't think we'll order delivery from Dhaba again - the prices are just too high to justify giving it another chance. Maybe next time we'll eat in the restaurant.
Solid lunch buffet! There are many Indian restaurants in this area, however many of them are either vegetarian or don't have buffet. I love meat and buffet, so Dhaba is a great choice.The service was fast and we always got our dirty plates cleared right away. I like that Dhaba has clear labels for every item in its buffet, so I can take note of ones I like and order from the menu next time. The price is great too, only 11 something for all you can eat! I'll definitely come back again :)
My FOB Indian friends highly recommended Dhaba, so I finally stumbled in one day for dinner. I'm guessing that the buffet is a lunch thing since I didn't see anything at dinner time. Even so, it was probably for the best. My Bindi Gosht looked only average size, but I was only able to eat half. The lamb and okra were amazingly tender. I was more than happy with my meal and know I want to go back for unlimited lunch buffet.... my trainer tells me I need to lay off the unlimited platters though, guess I'll save it for after a LONG run where I can say I deserve all the calories.
You cannot go wrong with $12 AYCE! I visited for the first time on a Saturday for the AYCE brunch - the price is $1 less than if I had gone on Sunday - tiny win.The place itself was not very well lit. Even though it was super bright outside, the inside felt dingy and crowded. We were seated in the last available booth the place had - I felt very cramped but the server was friendly enough that I didn't really mind.The selection was very limited but good enough for $11.95. From what I can recall, they call the classics - chicken tikka masala and saag paneer, along with the green peas and cauliflower dish. They provided 2 types of rice - basmati and a lamb biryani.The naan they brought to the table - OH MY GOD was it mouth-wateringly good! it's fluffy and warm, I wish everywhere served naans like they did! The server also brought around tandoori chicken pieces. I can't remember if those were actually tender / juicy bc I was too focused on the tikka masala. Definitely recommend. Definitely will go back! If you are in the area for lunch, you'd be a fool not to treat yourself to some AYCE Indian food!
We went for Sunday afternoon buffet. The place was crowded. We ordered Chat from a la carte menu and it was great. Except, they just took too long to bring it out. The buffet food was good too.
FOOD!Really great Indian food! I absolutely loved the food. The price was great, not too spicy. I had a few things i don't know what they were called but the Lamb entree was amazing! I would definitely go back for that...maybe to go.... SERVICE-But with that said, the service was not nice, the people were not polite,  they were not friendly, they did NOT say please or thank you, NOT very unhelpful about the food names! I would have ordered more if they were more helpful. And when I said the food was delicious, they did not say thank you and I said it to three people on my way out and they all just looked at me.... then turned away... Kind of a racist vibe... But hell, I don't let that stuff bother me, I will go where I want and eat what I want cause this is America!!! Which is why you're here too, Dhaba!!! HARETURN? plenty of others to try, right next door! But maybe I'll see ya again!
Awesome, authentic North-Indian taste. Very good food and good service. Highly recommended.
Came here for dinner. We ordered two chicken and a lamb curry, naan and chicken Briyani. For all the dishes I was very happy with the flavor profile. They were relatively mild but all had a deep richness to them and good spice profile. I really enjoyed this restaurant. The atmosphere was lively and the wait staff on point. One final note, 36 oz beers, well it's a lot of beer.
I came here with my fiance's family. We chose this place because they had vegan options labeled on their dinner menu. Sadly there's only one type of bread, none of the rice is vegan (they use butter), and none of the dishes even came with bread or rice. The lunch menu doesn't have any vegan labels on it. We all had the vegetable samosas which were great, I got potato with cauliflower and my fiance got a cabbage dish. We were both happy with our food. Two of the omnivores with us also liked their non-vegan dishes. However, they did mess up on my fiance's mother's order. They brought it out later than everyone else's food and she ordered a chicken dish, but they brought out one with shrimp, and she's allergic to shellfish. She even had a minor reaction from the steam coming off of the dish. They apologized and did bring out what she ordered but by the time it got there the rest of us were pretty much done eating. We probably won't be back because of that.
*****VERY IMPORTANT: DO NOT PLACE DELIVERY OR PICKUP ORDER ONLINE. THEIR SYSTEM HAS BEEN COMPROMISED*****To be honest the food here was mediocre, but let me get to the real reason I'm rating them 1 star. I received an email saying someone had placed an order for me, which I hadn't. Long story short, their customer information profiles had recently been compromised and my information had been leaked, so someone else had placed an order. I called them to tell them this and they said "Don't worry its an internal error." Its a lot more than that, and I had to go through hell calling their web platform to get my profile deleted. Cannot think of a worse example of customer service, along with endangering customer information.
So many choices! It was a little overwhelming. But we stuck with the items that had been starred on the menu, and everything was delicious. Got there around 6pm and for a good 15-20 minutes were the only customers in the restaurant.
The poster said vindaloo, went inside, no vindaloo. And their rice was hard and old. They should keep the buffet fresh. I went there for lunch buffet, on the Sunday. I feel it was not a great experience. And the service station it was very dark it was hard to see the food.
After walking nearly for the whole day in the city, we wanted to opt for a dining place to relax and eat some good meal. Great Indian food is always on the checklist during our trip and hence, we decided to go for this place. The food was amazing be it appetizers like Dilli chaat or main course like Pepper Chicken & Navratan Korma. The USP of the food was that it wasn't the cliche bland food that you might get at several Indian restaurants and was quite spicy and flavorful in resonance to the Indian taste buds. Though we had some hard time with the waiter to make him understand and hear his clear voice, but that could be pardoned when you see some good bite in front of you :)Definitely a recommendation!
This used to be my favorite place but this time the hostess turned me off. She was very rude.
Review is for lunch buffet and it is solid. The Chicken Tikka Masala was really good and that is my favorite so big props to them. They also had a lamb biryani on the buffet which was a nice surprise as many places do not generally serve a biryani. And it was good!They bring out hot naan, appetizer and chicken tandoori which is a nice touch. Service was adequate though I do wish the servers walked around and made sure customers didn't need anything. Not a big deal but I had to flag them down for a couple things. Bottom line - Go for the buffet and enjoy the food coma that comes right after.
Overhyped. The Saag was gross and tasted like it came straight from the can, and the Chole and Masalas lacked flavor. My friends and I were shocked considering all the great reviews on Yelp. I'd give the food one star, however the service was decent and we were seated quickly. We were really hoping to enjoy this place, but left feeling like we wasted our money. Even more disappointing was that it was one of our friend's first time trying Indian cuisine, and she had a terrible first impression. It's a shame b/c Indian food, when done right, is such an amazing flavorful experience. We're never coming back here. We'd much rather take a trip to the hole in the wall places in Jackson Heights or Masala Box in Bayside, Queens.
Not much going from a 4 to a 5, but after eating here A LOT more, I must say, it's one of my favorite restaurants in the city (not just Indian).  They have the best Indian food, hands down...especially the spicy level.  Not only is it spicy, but it's the perfect amount - enough to give you a little sweat and clear out your sinuses, but not enough to make the taste of the food overbearing and you're constantly drinking water and blowing your nose.Recently, within a one-week timeframe, I ate here three times (crazy, I know).  And I ordered the same exact thing each time!  My new favorites include the Paneer Kali Mirch and the Gobi Keema - both spicy.  They are AMAZING.  The paneer has the perfect amount of paneer and curry, and the gobi keema is a perfect compliment because it's a drier dish.  Get both, with some naan or roti or paratha, and some rice, and you (and someone else) will have one of the best meals of your life.Again, the ambiance is awesome with light Hindi music playing in the background and they make good use of their space.  They also have a lunch buffet that's fairly inexpensive, and the food is a bit milder/safer, but you need to appeal to the masses.
Very authentic cuisine. I specially like the dal and the saag that I had. Nicely spiced. My companion had the chicken tikka and it was excellent as well. Staff was extremely friendly and attentive. Price is also extremely reasonable given that this is midtown Manhattan. I will be back.
The worst service ever!! Our server seemed very angry and irritable. Pathetic behavior
Been there twice. Loved their food. We ended up ordering spicy last time and which was really really spicy...so be careful when you say spicy. But it was our fault. Food is very delicious. Soft naans, perfect  kali mirch paneer and paneer bhurji was too delicious. We will go there again and again.
Delicious satisfying nothern indian cuisine. I love their paneer in tikka masala sauce.  I just cannot get enough of it.  Their chana bhatura is AMAZING.  fresh and pipin' hot! don't get burned. tables comes with complementary papadam with the usual dips and are totally tasty to snack on before you order. Do not forget to get their mango lassi- totally delicious!!   down side is you have to order rice or nan since it does not come with the food or entree if you can believe that.  I guess their tasty food makes it somewhat worth it, maybe? You an also get 500cc-1L german steins of beer here- totally random. Who knew that you can get tons of beer in a german stein in curry hill?
Went here based on Yelp reviews and weren't disappointed. Needed a quick dinner before heading out but wanted something tasty and this sure hit the spot. Usually totally dubious about Indian curries in America, I was glad to finally be hit with a punch full of flavour and spice. The roti was delicious, salty and crisp on the outside with a melt in your mouth texture (dreamy) while the Chicken Kali Mirch was exactly what I needed it to be - creamy and spicy at the same time. We decided on vegetable samosas and Pahadi Murgh Kabob. If you like fire than - you're on to a winner. This was delicious and seriously spicy. I hate when restaurants say it's spicy and then turn out to be on the tepid side of life. This was fiery and tasty. Rice was yummy and the staff were happy to engage when you meet their eye. Other than that are happy to let you get on with it.
Excellent Aloo Gobi Samosas, Chicken tandoor, mango chutney. Good service on a sunny Saturday afternoon.
