Kurry Qulture never disappoints. The food is excellent, the drinks are tasty, and the service is top notch. The decor inside is absolutely beautiful. As some mentioned below, the name makes it seem gimmicky; but trust me, it's not. The dishes are unique - a departure from your standard Indian dishes. I have a few go-to Indian spots for ordering in on a cold winter night, but for Kurry Qulture I prefer to eat there for the full experience. Really can't say anything bad about them! Every meal I have there is amazing and everyone I've brought there loves it. Keep up the good work!
Spectacular ambience. We sat near the patio enjoying the fresh air and the presence of a beautiful tree. The attentive service was very high end and a delightful addition for the Astoria neighborhood. We had amazing phav bhaji and cauliflower to start and continued with yummy curries perfectly spiced with warm fresh homemade flavors. Visiting Sonny the owner is such a pleasure as well. Definitely the best Indian food I've had in America since returning from India.
Came to this restaurant with friends and had to come back to bring my parents. For starters I recommend the cauliflower and the shrimp. The lentils and spinach with cottage cheese was incredible! Can't wait to come back!!
Very good to great. The duck was standout. Drive from Connecticut and looking forward to the next time! Oh and they have Kingfisher on tap.
Where do I begin? Kurry Qulture (KQ) is all that is good about Indian food. Arguably the best Indian restaurant in Astoria/LIC; I daresay in all of Queens! I'm not saying that there aren't any incredibly flavorful and inexpensive offerings in Jackson Heights; I'm saying that the KQ folks figured our the magical alchemy of great flavor, authentic recipes, high-quality and exceptional service. They 'aint cheap and nor should they be. From what I was able to deduce the value proposition at KQ is that they offer a great Indian food experience at a modest cost. If you care about what you ingest then you know that they need to charge you for not using crap. Count me in for this value proposition.I had the 3 course tasting menu consisting of my following picks: Manchurian cauliflower (that I was craving from Jando's typically amazing Elite event), the very spicy chicken dish that I can't recall what it was called (bottom right side of the menu offerings) and the trio personal sampling of establishment picked desserts. I had to order the butter chicken (I needed to taste what quality butter chicken properly prepared tasted like) and roti as sides. Kuddos to the team of staffers that delivered a fine dining-esque experience at KQ. I'll be back again and again and again...
Wow! What a pleasant surprise! I love Indian food but I've always had to choose between food taste/quality and venue (meaning good food, shabby place or Meh food, pretty place). This place has both. The venue is beautiful: nicely stocked bar, perfect ambience, shiny restrooms, we'll organized kitchen, and a back patio area. The staff: very nice and eager to please. Denisa made my day. Sweet, fun, and knowledgeable. Restaurants look for people like her. The food: great. We had a number of bites..  From the mushrooms to the olive naan to the chicken kebob to the cauliflower. Wow, that cauliflower! I will be back. Just a note: I was warned that the menu IS seasonal so there is a chance that the cauliflower won't be there when I return. Until the next.
Beautiful restaurant and ambience. Wait staff was great. The food is amazing! The biryani, olive &garlic naan, and duck were all 10/10!
By far the best Indian in Astoria, the Saag Paneer is amazing!Very good service and nice atmosphere. They have an enclosed outdoor terrace.
Hands down the best Indian restaurant in Queens.Not to mention, some of the best cocktails in all of NYC. Menu always has a twist every time I do visit which is a plus. If you don't like to sit by the bar, they also have private seating in the back and outdoor seating as well for when the weather does warm up!
the name will probably make your phone's autocorrect get upset, but Kurry Qulture is an outstanding find for Indian food in Astoria.after a hiatus from Astoria for a while, I've been coming back to the area quite frequently as of late and am impressed with some of the new offerings.a dark, upscale-casual vibe permeates the venue and there's even a small back porch area (a bench and a few seats) that would probably be nice to check out in nicer weather. I enjoyed a "Hex Mex" which was chili-infused mezcal, pineapple syrup, and lime. wowza! this packed a punch both in terms of booze potency and spice. the bar was well-stocked with a great selection of distilled spirits - I approve!upon ordering drinks, we were also provided a sample of delicious lentil dal soup to warm up from the crummy weather outside. we both got a kick out of the fact that they were served in what could best be described as porcelain shot glasses. we nimbly navigated the menu and ordered two entrees to divide and conquer - one vegetarian and one with meat. the achari bhindi (okra, onions, and tomatoes) was excellent, and I liked how it didn't have the usual off-putting texture that okra sometimes has. the chicken kali mirch was tender, in a flavorful sauce that combined yogurt, black pepper, and garam masala. not "hot" spicy but flavorful spicy. to get some carbs in, we split basmati rice and laccha paratha.portion size was good to share without being unmanageable. service was attentive without being overbearing (a rarity in some Indian restaurants), even though the two of us were the only customers there.I appreciate the fact that while they do have some Indian restaurant standards, the menu is billed as seasonal with fresh culinary ideas being highlighted.will most definitely be back.
I'll give it a 5 for food & 4 for wait, although this food is sooooo good. Everything I ordered was absolutely delicious. The chicken Korma, the cauliflower (aka Gobi Manchurian)mmm), & garlic olive naan. I will definitely be back to dine in. Really nicely decor/atmosphere.
This is my favourite place in Astoria. Stumbled upon it while walking with friends, and am I glad we did. The interiors are breathtaking. The service is polite and decent. The bartender is chatty and fun. We drank a few cocktails as we waited to be seater in the patio. The food was amazing. Omg! The flavours are delicious. Definitely going to be back with my boyfriend soon. Thanks for the amazing time
Best Indian I've ever had! So much fun! Amazing service amazing food...can't wait to go back! Cauliflower, crispy okra...everything so good! Great drinks 2
Great. Smashing. Super.The food is very good. The service is keen. A bit more expensive then the average Indian restaurant in Queens, but it is worth it. Overall this place is good value for money and was a fun experience.
It's one of a kind Indian Restaurant. Interior designing was excellent. They have a limited menu. I ordered vegetarian food which was excellent . Cauliflower and egg plant were my favorite. It's a nice place to go in groups or take someone for a date. They have a bar too. I loved the paintings on the wall and the lanterns on the tables. Definitely a must visit place.
I ordered food from here over Seamless. While the food was good, the delivery was very poor. It was delayed, very delayed. I ordered the karahi paneer and beet and carrot kofta. Both were equally good. The entrees came with rice. Typically from what I have seen is indian food comes with some chutneys and papadums. But nothing from Kurry Qulture. While I am little disappointed, the good food still makes up for it.
Travelled all the way from financial district in Manhattan to Astoria to try to get the vibe and feel of a different neighborhood. I saw Kurry Qulture reviews and wanted to try it out myself. The place was huge and well decorated. My husband and I ordered drinks. I got the Astoria of my life cocktail which is burbon based and my husband got the Indian beer. The waiter cameOut with an amuse bouchée which was cute, it was a soft dumpling with yogurt and tamarind chutney on top.  We ordered two appetizers, the moong chaat and the bhel puri...both underwhelming. The moong chaat didn't have much flavor or seasoning to it. We then ordered two entrees, the saag spinach kofta and the phool makhane. Both were good but not really spicy, portions were decent for the entrees but pricey! I ordered garlic naan and he ordered maaki ki roti which is made with corn. We also ordered ras malai for dessert which was average. I don't think I would travel back for this place. It was really empty in there, our table and another table. For a Saturday night in a street where there are multiple bars and restaurants this place looked a little sad.
"How were the flavors tonight?"That was the question -- not "How was your meal?" -- asked by our smiling server after our incredible meal tonight at Kurry Qulture.The answer? Dude, you guys brought the flavor.The first clue that this isn't your usual Indian food joint is the name itself. Why a K? Why a Q? It doesn't make sense, except that they want to let you know right away that this place sees things a little differently.Executive Chef Binder Saini takes pride in offering "authentic Indian cuisine ... reimagined." He says, "My goal is to introduce Indian cuisine to a new generation, and challenge what Indian food could be."You see that enthusiasm in dishes like the KQ Cauliflower appetizer -- basically cauliflower "chicken wings" with a generous glaze of garlic tomato chutney that excites the senses. You've never had cauliflower florets like this before. The Goan Shrimp Curry is another standout. Say yes to the rice that comes optionally with this curry so you can sop up those amazing flavors.Chicken Biryani -- I know what you're thinking: Yawn. Been there, done that. Well, damn, son! Kurry Qulture has redefined what it means to eat this classic dish. The chicken is so moist and tender. Is it dark meat? Maybe that's the secret. I'm not sure, and I don't care. All I know is it's out of this world, especially with the accompanying yogurt sauce. The rice is a bit spicy and very aromatic -- cloves, cardamom, cinnamon, cumin, coriander (I think), and that's just the c's. An orchestra of edible goodness, as another eater has put it.Does this mean I'm deserting my other neighborhood Indian food spot, Seva, which is right down the street? No. There's plenty of room for both of these restaurants in Astoria. Each one has a unique role, and each does its job very, very well. I love the fact that when you're craving Indian food around here, there are multiple paths to take to get it, depending on your mood: traditional done well (Seva) or something a little more exhilarating and upscale (Kurry Qulture).
Came here last night for dinner and ordered the bukhni kebab, chicken vindaloo and chicken biryani. The kebab was extremely flavorful with pungent spices and the biryani was flavorful with the onions and garlic all around. The vindaloo was mediocre as I had vindaloo much spicier elsewhere. Their drink "Astoria of My Life" had a great bourbon kick to compliment the dishes mentioned above.
Kurry Qulture, I really wanted to like you.The ambiance is very nice and the waiters are attentive if there are not many customers dining in the restaurant. As the night went on and more people came in, it was hard to catch staff to get water refills, add more dishes to our order and get alcoholic beverages.Appetizers1) The KQ cauliflower tasted like the General Tso's sauce with cauliflower and I definitely was not into that.2) The fried calamari was way too fried and you cannot even taste the calamari in it.Entrees1) The chicken in the Chicken Tikka Masala tasted like cardboard but the chicken in the Homestyle chicken curry was much better oddly enough.2) The jackfruit biryani was tasteless.The best part of dinner was the naan.If you really want authentic Indian food, please do yourself a favor and go to Jackson diner.
Do yourself a favor and try Kurry Qulture immediately, wow....by far the best Indian food I've ever had in my life. Not your classic Indian food, this place combines the flavors and essence of the cuisine into a mouth watering, gourmet, 3 course pre-fixe menu.  The ambience and decor only adds to the experience, and top it off with the exceptional service, and they have earned themselves a repeat customer.
Amazing.  Service was great, super attentive and the food?  Amazing.  There wasn't a single thing we ordered that we didn't like.  Our plates were wiped clean for every course.  The Manchurian Cauliflower that everyone is hyping about?  It's like a crispy, sticky, yet moist fancy General Tso but with cauliflower - so none of the guilt.  It was definitely as good as everyone said.  My friend had the sweet potato which was also really good.  We had the curry goat and the lamb shank, both super moist and flavorful and just the right portion size.  You will leave incredibly full so go easy on the carbs if you want to make it through all 3 courses.  Keep in mind, this is an Indian place and so the food does pack some heat - it's the right amount in my opinion, hot enough to feel but not too hot that you can't enjoy the flavors.  Something to keep in mind who is sensitive to spice - just ask your waiter in case this is a concern.  Oh and I thought about taking pics of my food but bump that, I was way too hungry for that!  Just trust me, the presentation was good too lol.The ambiance is a little fancier than other places in the area, yes you can wear jeans and a top so save your ball gowns.  Great place to take a date, and perfectly great place to come with friends too.  Wouldn't say this is a place for families with small children however.  Only sticking point is that it can be pricey considering its only Prix Fixe, so you'll spend a minimum of $33.  Plus drinks which run at about $12, expect to pay about $50ish + tip.  This isn't a place you just stop in for a quick, cheap meal, you're here for the full experience.  But with that said, it's worth every penny.  Soooo good!  I really hope this place is here to stay.  Go support them because I want to come back!!
My fiance and I are huge Indian food fans.  We've frequented Kurry Qulture 3 times and each visit has been better than the last.  We went when they first opened and had the seasonal price fix menu.  I thought it was a very cool idea and a great way to introduce people to a lot of different dishes and flavors, but the current a la carte menu is probably my favorite.  Like other reviewers have already raved about, we love the KQ cauliflower.  We recently had the vegetarian samosa app which was also amazing.  We really haven't had anything that we wouldn't happily have again and we almost always order vegetarian, the complex flavor of each dish while maintain the essence of whatever vegetable is being highlight is really amazing.  We always order too much and leave with everything demolished. Aside from absolutely amazing food, the service is really excellent.  The owner is always there and makes it a point to welcome diners.  Part of the experience is a complimentary amouse bouche which is really a lovely touch.  Kurry Qulture is our date night spot and it's definitely something to look forward to, including the beautiful interior decor!
So glad a good restaurant has found it's home in this great location. The Thirstiest Avenue cocktail was a great way to start my meal. I also enjoyed my Manchurian cauliflower and rogan josh. Both were super fresh and didn't leave me sickeningly full. The three desserts were lovely and a nice way to end a great meal.
I was definitely blown away at how delicious and well presented the food is at Kurry Qulture. I stopped by during their grand opening, and I can't wait to return. The restaurant has a seasonal prix fixe menu, which is $33 for an appetizer, entree, and a trio of desserts. The food is well-portioned and super flavorful. To start, we were given tandoori bread (one plain and the other with garlic and mint), with a side of lentil (it was like a lentil creamy sauce that I wish I could have taken home, but I forgot to do so), and broccoli soup with bit of spiciness. That literally woke up my palate and appetite. I also had eggplant, which was delicious. For my appetizer I ordered the crab cake balls (don't remember the dish's name) and for my entree I ordered the lamb shank (my mouth is literally watering for some more right now). It was incredibly flavorful and succulent--the meat was cooked very well and the lamb shank was a great size (I had to take some home with me). The dessert was super tasty and not overly sweet, which I am happy for. Overall, I really recommend this restaurant for everyone, especially those who are hesitant of trying Indian food. Kurry Qulture will not disappoint :-)
Excellent! Had Lamb and was beautifully prepared! The service was very good and helpful! A real treat! I highly recommend it! Ed Russell
Had date night at Kurry Qulture tonight and it was phenomenal! Started with drinks at the bar: I had the Sin Til Late which is a Prosecco, blackberry and St. Germaine cocktail that was amazing (bartender Bo is so welcoming and friendly and makes a delicious drink!) We moved to the dining room and found out that the menu is a seasonal Pre Fixe for $33 (order a starter, main and dessert anywhere else in New York and you'd pay much more). A tomato and pepper soup amuse was sent to the table in cups. Fun to consume and tasty as well. I had the crab and salmon croquettes as an appetizer and my boyfriend had lamb stuffed tandoori chicken. Both appetizers were the perfect size and we savored every bite. between courses we were sent the Manchurian cauliflower which is a lightly fried cauliflower with an Asian tasting sweet sauce that my boyfriend is still talking about (he doesn't care for Indian food normally, but he loved this place). I ordered the scallops for my entree which were perfectly spicy and the rice and naan complimented them nicely. My date had the chicken curry and said nothing but good things. The three part dessert plate was a nice assortment of flavored and we paired with some sweet moscato. The entire meal, the ambiance, and the staff all deserve five stars. We will definitely be back!!!
This is an Indian resturant like none other! The ambiance is hip, chic, sexy and hot. Excellent place to gather with friends and family alike to have great food and drinks. The chicken stuffed with lamb, Manchurian cauliflower, lamb chops and the Hex-Mex coctail were amazing. Can't pick a favorite because evrything was sooooo good. The staff was helpful and attentive. Can't wait to go back!!!
Great new restaurant offering something new in Astoria.  The $33 prix fixe seasonal menu offers a wide selection of meat and veggie options.  The restaurant also has a full bar with good beer and cocktail selections.  All the food I tried was delicious, especially the lamb chops!  The decor is elegant and warm, and staff are attentive and friendly.  Long tables in the back room can accommodate large parties.  I am excited that the Astoria restaurant scene is expanding to include more inventive, higher end options.  As much as I enjoy reclaimed wood and drinks served in mason jars, it's great to have something different on 30th Ave. I will definitely be coming back!
This restaurant has alot going on. Everything, and I mean everything is delicious and made with love. There is a strong attention to detail regarding service and what is on the plate. It is a great place to go for high end dining in the astoria area and will not dissapoint for date night. This place will become a staple of astoria dining.
Indian restaurants tend to be painfully predictable. Soggy naan, dry tandoori chicken, and instrumental versions of popular Bollywood hits are all too common. Kurry Qulture, located in Astoria, is an absolute diamond. The staff members are extremely knowledgeable, the decor is very chic, and there's definitely some sorcery happening in the kitchen. I ordered the Manchurian cauliflower as a starter, and was completely floored. If all vegetables were prepared this way, I would actually consider abandoning my carnivorous ways. The perfect start to my meal was followed by the tandoori lamb chops prepared by none other than the tandoor master himself, Chef Hemanth Mathur. These succulent and flavorful gifts from heaven are life changing and you must simply try them for yourself. Sadly, my meal had to come to an end, but of course on a high note. The dessert trio fit for royalty. I have never wrote a review in my life, but after my wonderful experience, I felt compelled to do so. Five perfect stars is the only suitable rating for my evening at Kurry Qulture.
This is the best Indian food I have ever had!! So amazing and the people who work here are so friendly and welcoming! Not to mention the decor is beautiful and there is a back patio you can sit at when the weather allows! I recommend the Saag Paneer, chicken korma, coconut shrimp biryani. So flavorful and amazing!
We loved this place!  Outstanding cocktails:  Try the Hex Mex!
Ive been passing by Kurry Qulture for awhile now and im always impressed by the look and feel of the bar. Spelling Kurry and Qulture without C's is pretty Kute and Qlever and that definitely deserves recognition. Imagine it were spelled Curry Culture. Doesn't that already take away from the experience? Throw in a K and it feels half done. Mad props for the courage to go against the grain with that choice and ignore the haters that are jealous of your awesome name!
This place is much more spacious than I expected. There is a lot of seating in the back, and a courtyard to eat outside as well. Loved the decor. The servers were very attentive. The food- delicious! And the presentation of the food was creative and pleasing. Unlike most Indian food places in the area, there was no "pre fix" menu type options, so you will be spending more than you might have had to in other places. For me, I took that as an opportunity to break out of my samosa-tikka masala-rice pudding rut, and adventure to things I wouldn't have ordered because I tend to stick to the pre-fix options. The best of what we ordered included coconut pepper shrimp, chicken kebabs with pineapple chutney, and the chicken briyani. Not a fan of the lentil dumplings- it was more bread like than I was expecting- but that's a matter of personal taste. My husband and I had a wonderful experience overall. We had our 8-month old child with us, and while this place doesn't seem geared toward kid-friendly (no high chairs, for instance), they accommodated all of us graciously.
Excellent place! Since it's located in flavorless Astoria, this restaurant deserves 6 stars. Great service, very solid Indian food. Very clean content, I'm very sensitive to MSG and gluten, there was none in our dinner. Can't wait to go back. Since Spice Market closed, Kurry Qulture may become our next destination for inventive Subcontinent fare.
This place was pretty good. The decor is very nice a little dark cor my taste but its not a deal breaker for me. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and it was very tasty. Make sure to order rice because it doesn't come with your entree.  The drinks were pretty good too. I would definitely visit this place again. Its good to note that i got a free side of lentils when i checked in.
A new and very welcome addition to Astoria, Kurry Qulture explores the world of  elegant and aesthetically pleasing Indian food. They have a $50 tasting menu that allows people with a limited budget to enjoy posh haute cuisine, as well as numerous reasonably priced entrees and appetizers.On my last visit, I ordered the tasting menu with full beverage pairings. The beverage pairings are interesting, ranging between different wines and even leading to an Indian beer. The food was diverse and interesting, ranging from fish with green chili coconut curry, to lamb stuffed tandoori chicken (a house special and one of my favorites), to tandoori quail (a tiny bony bird that requires you to pick it up to eat it). There is no shortage of food as I was stuffed even before the main courses came out, and even those are supplemented with a generous portion of naan and basmati rice.The atmosphere is dimly lit, elegant, and full of the scents of coriander and cumin in the air. The owner and staff came over several times to explain many of the dishes. They were extremely accommodating and even changed their menu to adapt to my vegan friend's diet, a feat not easily accomplished (especially for a tasting menu).For the price, value, and taste, I would definitely return. Destined to become a neighborhood gem.Pros:Amazing valueBeautiful ambienceDelicious foodAccommodating to different dietsDeft use of fruits and vegetablesCons:Quail wasn't a favorite among my friends (they don't like picking it up)Nothing VERY spicy (if that's what you're looking for)
I have been to this restaurant twice and I must say that this place is the best Indian place in queens. Hands down! I had the cauliflower appetizer dish, delicious! The chicken curry and okra entree dishes were formidable.Great food, great decor, great atmosphere, the service is impeccable. The owner and management are doing a fantastic job. I would recommend this place to anyone interested in great Indian food .. traditional dishes with a modern twist and flare!
If there was a negative 1 million it would go to this place HORRIBLE HORRIBLE I MEAN HORRIBLE SHITTY SERVICE. Got to the spot at 7:30 ordered my food and specifically told them that i need my food at 8:20 to break my fast cause i didnt eat or drink anything the whole day food didnt come until 9:30 by then my appetite went away soo i told the tall unprofessional owner i didnt touch the food i dont want it anymore you can stop making the rest. He does not offer to give me fresh food neither does he give a discount. The waiters did not know who ordered what and were just handing food to anyone on my group of table how do you not know who ordered what if you tool the order? I honestly am never going back to this place and i would never in my life recommend  it to anyone. When the place closes down thats when i will be happy thats how horrible the experience was.
Kurry Qulture was alright. Not my kind of place, overpriced and trendy-looking. The food was good, but I've also had great Indian food at Seva which is more reasonably priced. Also, hop on the R train and Jackson Heights is 3 stops away and you can get amazing cheap Indian food. I had the $20 Goan Shrimp Curry and it was pretty good, but there were literally 6 shrimps in it.The little cups of soup before our meal was a nice gesture. The cocktails had no flavor. And they kept pushing them on us bc obviously they make more money selling us $12 drinks. The service was fine, but it took a while to get our drinks, even with waitstaff hanging around. Maybe hire another bartender? My virgin cocktail punch was pretty good though. If you're looking for a fancy place in Astoria to impress parents or a date, and don't mind paying extra for the food, this is probably your kind of place. If you don't care about the surroundings and want good Indian food without overpaying, I wouldn't come here.
Excellent Indian food!! We loved the ambiance and the menu is great. They start you off with a cup of soup...I recommend the tomato based soup.
This restaurant gets 5 stars for food and for excellent service.  We recently held a private party at Kurry Qulture and it was one of the best experience we've had with a venue. The staff was so attentive, the drinks are excellent and the food is amazing! The decor is impressive and gave our party that classy touch we were after.Will definitely book for future events!
We came here as a group of 6. Right off the bat, the ambience was very nice. They hung up pretty lights and it gave off a very cozy environment. The only thing is that the place was a bit dim so all the dishes kind of looked the same under the lighting. They start off giving you a drink menu. I didn't get a drink and moved onto the main menu. They have lots of different options. My boyfriend and I got the chicken vindaloo and chicken kali mirch. I originally wanted to get the vindaloo but the waiter told me it was really spicy and although I love spicy food, I wasn't sure if I could handle it so my boyfriend decided to get it instead. The food was amazing and the chicken was nice and tender, not dry at all. The vindaloo was surprising not as spicy as the waiter warned, it was the actually perfect and delicious. The best part of dinner had to be the olive and garlic naan. It literally is an explosion of flavor in your mouth. It is a must try! Our group stayed a while because we were celebrating a birthday and meeting new friends. The staff was friendly and even though we stayed long after we paid the bill, they never made us feel like our stay was unwelcomed. I've been meaning to try an Indian restaurant and this place heightened my expectations for Indian food. Definitely will come again.
Cocktails:There are wonderful. They are clean and well balanced. As a bar manager in Manhattan I was thoroughly impressed. And if you come Monday-Sunday 4-7pm they are only $7. Environment: Is so cool. Nicest bar design and layout on 30t Ave easily. On nice days they open the accordion doors and you are right in the beautiful weather.Food: Haven't had much on the menu but what I did have was awesome!Great service overall I recommend!!
I went to this restaurant with my girlfriend twice in less than a week! I would highly recommend the KQ Cauliflower, which was amazing. We are both non meat eaters and it was easy to find delicious options for us to eat. There were even gluten free options for my girlfriend, which made dining so much more pleasant. Everyone there was respectful and quite accommodating. They will be seeing us a lot more!
Came with my wife last night - the staff / managers Sonny and Mo were great - the service was awesome - def recommend doing the 6 course tasting - we even forgot to tell them we don't eat salmon and they replaced the entire 4th course - def going back
Loved the food and the atmosphere inside here.  From the staff to management, you cant ask for a better place to hang out with friends or love and have something to eat, including the awesome cocktail list.   Its a must to visit here!
Delicious food, and stunning cocktails. Really unique flavors in food and drink. The lamb was perfectly cooked. The lotus leaves were new and interesting. Loved the chaat. All the cocktails were perfect, especially the 'no fire engine'. The decor and ambiance were stylish and modern. A really great upscale Indian restaurant. Can't wait to go back.
Beautiful trendy Indian restaurant with authentic dishes. The servers and owner are welcoming and polite. They have a variety of foods that's satisfy everyone needs. The chicken vindaloo was my fav dish, very flavored and spicy. A nice place to come with your friends to celebrate a event or catch up. I brung my 11th month old, was a little bit difficult to change her in the bathroom since it was dark. Otherwise slightly spacious, gets full fast.
A hot new addition to Astoria's restaurant selection. The decor was excellent and true to its culture theme. Beautiful photos of Indian culture decorated the walls, upbeat Indian music played, and the atmosphere was fancy yet comfortable. The food was great! I love the Prefix menu, although it may be inconvenient for those who just want a meal without an appetizer or dessert, the price was right. $33 for all three left me no reason to complain. The food was very tasty and it was real Indian food! The cocktails were good as well but nothing I found exceptional. Overall this place gets 5 stars because of the food, price, service, and decor. I see a bright future for this restaurant and I will be going back.
The restaurant is really nice and way more spacious than you'd think it'd be. The food is excellent. We shared the KQ cauliflower. I had the methi lamb (lamb stew, fenugreek) and my friend had the lamb rogan josh. The service is beyond good. You will not lack water. Your wine glass will not be empty until your bottle is empty.  They don't make you recycle your silverware (a huge plus in my book.  I know it's common practice, but I think it's kinda gross when someone takes the fork you're eating with and places it on the restaurant's  table).  The presentation is really good, too...all the food looks pretty.  The owner is present, beyond nice, helpful and genuinely seems to care about his customers.  The reason I don't give Kurry Qulture 5 stars is because you don't get rice with your entree.  I'm okay with the fact that the restaurant is more expensive than other Indian places in the neighborhood, as the food is probably the best Indian I've ever had, but I really wish they would have included the price of the rice in the price of the entree so that I wouldn't have to pay for it separately.
A beautifully delicious restaurant serving contemporary, seasonal, Indian cuisine. Dishes on the menu that embrace the heartier winter fare include Rogan josh (lambshank prepared with kashmiri chili, ginger, and garlic) and Shalgam Goat Curry (a savory root vegetable stew).  Presently, Kurry Qulture offers a $33 prix fixe, which includes soup, two entrees, rice, naan, and dessert. A cloud of homemade puri arrives with a peppery mound of minced pumpkin, while salmon and crab croquettes are served with a pickled green chili aioli.  One of the most exceptional dishes I tasted this past year was the Manchurian Cauliflower at Kurry Qulture.  Crispy coated florets are tossed in a chili tomato glaze, then sprinkled with chives.  Portions are more than adequate to share with the table, but trust me, this is one you'll not want to split with anyone.Chicken kebobs are delicately seasoned with fennel, cardamon, coriander seeds, and served with a sweet apricot chutney.  The aforementioned Rogan josh quite literally falls from the bone as you lift it from a pool of one of the richest, most delectable sauces to ever dress a lamb shank.The cocktail menu comes from the whimsical mastery of Bo Dhale, and reads like an ode to Astoria.  Drinks range from the Thirstiest Avenue to Astoria of My Life.  The day we stopped by, Dhale was mixing a homemade chili pineapple syrup which he adds to Mexcal in the Hex-Mex.Kurry Qulture is housed in a stunning setting with contemporary Indian photography and furniture designed by the owner.  A back patio features a traditional Indian wishing tree, where colorful strings of wishes are knotted to the branches.It is a restaurant that offers a fresh take on a cuisine not often enjoyed in a seasonal rotation.  But with Astoria in mind, the price point reflects the neighborhood.For a delicious surprise in a warm setting that is refreshingly easy on the wallet, definitely stop by and check them out.
Great atmosphere and decor, with amazing food! Service is second to none, the staff is very polite with speedy service. I will definitely be back for the Chicken Biryani
Warning: This is a thorough review and some of the things I mention may not matter to others, so no one should be butt hurt. 5 stars for the service. They were impeccable, almost near a bit overwhelming. They were attentive, service was very relaxed. They take all the necessary steps of service and a bit extra like making sure your silverware &  table is clean between courses. Don't expect the service you receive at your typical Indian restaurant. 4 stars for the atmosphere. Almost perfect, but a tad bit to dark for me. The music was at the perfect level to hold a conversation, yet not have awkward moments of silence. Simple decor. 3 stars for the food. The price wasn't an issue, but I wish I had enjoyed it more. Yes, it is relatively more expensive than your average Indian restaurant which it is in terms of food.First the good: The paneer (Karahi Paneer) was probably one of the best I've had in terms of texture. The chicken (Kali Mirch Chicken) was also cooked perfectly. The soup that is complimentary and served before the appetizer was very refreshing. The olive-garlic naan is good as well. Now the bad: The combination of flavors was good, but very overwhelming. There was just too much of all the different seasonings. Too much cayenne, garam masala, turmeric, coriander, cumin. I couldn't really enjoy the food. I avoided the sauces in all the dishes. My least favorite part was the goat biryani (a dish which I love to death in general), which seemed to be pickly and spicy, but not in a good way. The goat itself was moist and had a flavor different from the rice.Unfortunately, I probably will not be back...
The jackfruit biryani was amazing. Great space as well, well designed. Going back for sure.
Finally got the chance to try this place out and was very pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious and the service was absolutely great. There is something about their lemonade too that made it addictive. They also have a very nice looking outdoor area that I'd love to try next time.
Kurry Qulture is one of the best Indian restaurants in NYC located in heart of Astoria. This isn't "hole in the wall" Indian but rather haute Indian cuisine. Btw Pictures on the wall tempting me to go to India, very nice mix as well colorful.I brought family from Lebanon who had never tried Indian food and don't usually care for new things. They absolutely raved about it, including my wife Paula who asked that we return. All the dishes are spectacular, and of course it's perfect for any vegetarian (with plenty of meat dishes, thoughWas a really surprised about our Arab waiter who was top of the service, knowledgeable and very attentive.I would recommended to a friend if they never had Indian food.Outstanding food, unique cocktails, knowledgeable service, ambiance. Consistently wonderful!!!!We are coming back! YES
Finally got a chance to go to KQ this past weekend, and boy am I glad I did.  Everything about this place impressed me: the interior design, the service, the hospitality, and most importantly the food (all of which were flawless).In terms of the feel of the place, this is great date night material. Soft lighting with some great decoration makes it feel intimate from the moment you sit down.  The servers and waitstaff were all polite and very attentive.  I never had an empty water glass the entire time I was there, and our waiter and other servers checked in on us multiple times throughout the meal.  The owner, Sonny, also checked in with us during our meal which was a really nice touch.Lastly, the food. Oh the food. Literally everything we ate was delicious.  We had the Lamb Rogan Josh, Shrimp Haryali, Sweet Corn Puri, Crispy Cauliflower, and Garlic Naan.  The lamb was incredible... flavor was perfect and it literally fell off the bone. The shrimp dish was great, and the two starters were pretty fantastic as well. The cauliflower in particular made me a believer, and the Puri was light, crunchy, and tasty. The Naan was hot, crispy and chewy on the inside (delish).  We also had the free Dal from our Yelp check-in, which was probably some of the best I've ever had.  In the end, the complexity of the flavors in all of the dishes really impressed us, as did the quality of the food.To wind this up, if you're looking for some exceptional Indian cuisine, look no further.  The level of sophistication in terms of palate and overall dining experience is high at Kurry Qulture.  Do yourself a favor. Just go.
Absolutely amazing restaurant. Impeccable, attentive service with a strong professional attitude; chic, colorful decor; cocktails were unpretentious, clean and delicious; and absolutely, stunning, top, top quality food. Enjoyed the Shrimp Chettinad, perfectly cooked, juicy shrimp, savory sauce, tapioca wafer adds amazing texture dynamic. Absolutely awesome dish. Lamb Rogan Josh, unbelievable tenderness and flavor throughout. Bhuna Goat, stunning. Amazing savoriness, spiciness is very accessible. Naan was fluffy, light, but buttery, but not overwhelming. You can't ask for anything more. This is a special place. Kurry Qulture surely must be one of the best restaurants in Astoria, period. At this price point, don't dare ask for better service, or better food, because it doesn't exist.
This is really more of a 3.5 star review. This place tries hard, and I give it a lot of credit for that. The location has been a number of different places over the last few years (I believe it was last a whiskey bar), and the ambiance has stayed sort of similar - part fancy, part clubby, and part sports bar (they seem to have kept the TV, which seems wildly out of place compared to the rest of the restaurant). Worse yet, it's two blocks from two other Indian restaurants, one being the best in town (Seva). As a result, at prime time on Friday night, it was virtually empty. Which is sad. I think this place would see a lot more action on 31st or Broadway. They started with an amuse bouche, which is pretty delightful for a neighborhood joint. It was a lentil fritter. The cocktails were cleverly titled and cleverly flavored, The food was....very very adequate.The chicken korma was unremarkable, but certainly not bad. The tinda masala was interesting, though the gourd's flavor was pretty bland and relied heavily on the masala, in which case, I could have gotten anything with masala. The saag paneer was very well seasoned (which is rarer than you'd think) - probably the best thing we ordered.I don't really have a lot to say about this place. If it were closer to my apartment, I'd probably come here more frequently. I'll definitely come back for meeting a friend for cocktails, or after dinner drinks. But unfortunately, unless Seva is totally packed (which it is, frequently), this is going to have to be a fall-back place for dinner.
Heard good things about the new Indian place in town so of course, I had to come check it out. The ambiance is trendy yet rich, a great place for a date. The staff are friendly and accommodating, and Jo makes some great ginger based cocktails (try Diya) that goes well with Indian cuisine. Now down to what matters, the food:I started off with some fried crispy cauliflower poppers with garlic and tomato sauce. A good starter, the sweet tang got my appetite going for another appetizer, the sweet corn puri, a new take on a classic dish and went well with the sauce left over from the cauliflower dish. Got the sweet and sour eggplant which was a surprise because I usually can't stand the texture of eggplant, but the tomato/tamarind sauce (similar to the cauliflower poppers from earlier) kept my tongue at attention. To follow, got the phool makhane ki sabji, a new addition to my South Indian palette. The large soft beads lay in a pool of creamy sauce with ricotta that paired well with the sweet and sour sauces from other dishes, and I devoured it quickly. The grilled chicken korma trailed behind and once again, the saffron and creamy sauce made the dish exemplary. The chicken itself peeled nicely, wasn't dry and tasted fresh. As for sides, picked up some garlic naan which was fresh (I can't stand freezer naan), and the rice trio, which I didn't really appreciate because I was too busy soaking it with these amazing sauces, and had to get some more plain rice to supplement later. One thing needs to be mentioned and more credit given: the daal that I think was complimentary (don't quote me) was superb. Daal is a given at damn near every Desi joint, but these guys nailed it. Best daal I've ever had. No shit. I think that was all we ordered.. Amazing service, very nice staff, ask for Wile if he's around. Jo, the bartender is great at making drinks based on your preferred poison, and Sonny the manager personally came around to make sure everything was going well, which was nice. Nice place overall. :)
Really loved this place as a modern take on Indian in Astoria.  Came for dinner with my family and we had a variety of dishes from the appetizer menu and several entrees including the goat, which was phenomenal.The food here is a notch above for Astoria and the staff was just wonderful in answering our questions and helping us with the menu.  I can't wait to go back!
Came here for dinner on a Saturday. Food was excellent. Jackfruit biryani is a must. We ordered chili chicken and Somoza chaat to start. Service was great too. Sunny, the owner, is super hospitable and makes you feel Like you are part of the family. Bartenders are equally great. They will Chat with you and always have unique drinks to share. Ambiance is classy but casual. Great art on the wall.
Excellent food.  Great service.  Lovely, modern decor.  The lamb chops and duck were a hit.  The Michelin Star is well deserved.
Must say this spot has become my favorite spot to eat! They have a small menu but everything we tried during our visit here was absolutely amazing. We ordered the samosa chaat which had the crispy potato turnover with chickpeas and chutneys that just woke up your taste buds. The plum sauce on the chicken malai kebabs was so delicious I asked for extra on the side and I hate anything that tastes like plums but this was a total mine changer. For our entrees we got the murgh makhani and chicken kali mirch which were both so flavorful. With these entrees we order the best naan I have ever tasted the olive and garlic naan so fluffy and crispy at the same time and they tasted even better once dipped in to the gravy. The last time I had mint raita (yogurt) was when I was in junior high school and this is the first place that had it on the menu and tasted just like I had it the first time years ago it's a must try for yogurt lovers. For dessert we had rasmalai again one of the best rasmalai dishes ever. Everything was so flavorful. The service at this restaurant was amazing. We had a waiter who took our order a separate person who served and reset your table and a third person who would wipe the table every time they picked up a plate or cleared out the table. This place is spotless and you never feel like you are waiting on someone to get your attention. Service is on point. Would definitely go here again more often.
As I entered this place, I was in love with the decor and interior design of the restaurant. The music was so lively yet relaxing. Service was beyond good. They made sure we were taken care of. Last but not the least, the FOOD!! Absolutely delicious!! I highly recommend 'Chicken kali Mirch' (The taste made me feel as if I was back home, absolutely authentic punjabi flavor) You will lick your fingers, I promise!! :P
Fantastic service and food was delicious and not typical Indian fare...very accommodating and the space is very romantic and looks bigger than it does from the outside...if you like Indian cuisine highly recommend it! Great date spot and fun for large groups in the back room!
I love Indian food and wanted to like this place but its was just hmmmm ok.. We ordered Moscow Mules to drink which were just ... ok.. I think mine are better ;)The KQ Chicken Wings were ok, the skin was not crispy but the wing had a good taste.. However, no dipping sauce?The Tandoori Chicken was half a very small chicken on a plate. No garnish, nothing on the side.. very strange presentation and very little meat on the bones.The Goat Biryani was very tasty and the highlight of the meal. The garlic naan was pretty good but the Raita had a different/strange taste.Like I said.. just ok.. There are great options in the neighborhood so I probably won't be back..
Loved ! Loved! Loved! Came here with a friend and enjoyed everything we ordered! We had the cauliflower with a crispy sweet and sour sauce to it. I ordered the chicken mirch in masala sauce.. The spices were on point and super flavorful. We ordered a basket on naan bread with garlic and white rice .. My friend had the chicken Korma ..Everything was perfect.. The service was excellent! And the price was super reasonable.. I can't wait to come back.. Oh and the city vibes just made it that much better.
Excellent....both the food and the friendly and attentive service. The cocktails, especially the Hex Mex, were great. As was the naan. I had the cauliflower and spicy scallops, and loved both. Sampled the lentils and pea soup. Everything was fresh and flavorful. I enjoyed the desserts, particularly the rice pudding.This is a new 'go to' spot for me in Astoria, looking forward to going back. Oh, and I loved the music as well!
We came here for a Sunday afternoon lunch and it was really terrific.  Decor is modern and clean and attractive and the food was excellent.  We ordered a bunch of apps and a few main dishes.  The lentil dumplings, sweet and sour eggplant, kulcha and korma were particularly great and I'm told the vindaloo was perfect although very spicy. Definitely coming back!
It was one of those days thinking of something different to eat but that will be good . Yup sure was a good pick . The ambiance just draws you in . We sat at the bar we order a moscow mule which is the best I ever had because it actually has fresh ginger & the bartender made it just perfect . Plus hubby had one of their beers to give it a try . We had two apps , salmon & crab croquettes & Pav Bhaji both were amazing !! Bartender is very friendly & did a good job . See you guys soon lol
It's about time Astoria has a restaurant like this.  If you're into food and appreciate perfectly paired cocktails/ wines then check out Kurry Qulture. This is definitely a step up from all the other restaurants in the area.  It's for the chic and sexy who work hard and play hard.  Fantastic seasonal prix fixe menu!  I love Indian cuisine,  but this menu really opened me up to the variety of beautiful ingredients of this vast culture.  I started with the lamb stuffed tandoori chicken and absolutely loved the kori gassi. Certainly a first for me to try Indian with this level of quality; and they were beautifully plated. Tough choice because $33 for a 3 course meal with such high quality dishes,  I wanted to try samples of everything.  Next time.  We will be back.  My friends already know I love cocktails but they've got to try the Hex Mex (mezcal and homemade chili pineapple syrup).  Wow!
Great wine selection,pleasant ambiance,and efficient service.Very friendly staff and very helpful. 3 course pre fix dinner for $33 has mouth watering dishes for you to choose from.Would rate this a 5 star fine dining Restaurant and would recommend this to my family and friends.
I can typically take or leave (mostly leave) Indian food but this place is goooood. They start off by giving you a soup of some sort that has been different every time I come but somehow ends up being just what I need. The cauliflower appetizer is delicious. I get the shrimp biryani, which is spicy and packed with flavor. They give you yogurt on the side to cool your palette. I know people who swear by the Astoria my life. I like it, it's boozy, not as much flavor as I would like but I'm still a fan. I find it a bit on the pricy side so I could never really be a regular but it is definitely delicious.
I really enjoyed eating here.  Great food and service to go along with a beautiful place.  The dishes are creative and yummy!
WOW. This is food prepared by people who love food, in a lovely atmosphere. Every bite was delicious! There was one dish that I wasn't totally into, but it was prepared perfectly (just not to my personal taste). Calamari. Cauliflower. Garlic naan. Not-garlic naan. Chick peas. Lamb. Oh, the lamb. IN THE NAME OF ALL THAT IS HOLY, THE LAMB.I cannot write any more. I am verklambt.Warning: Eating here may cause side effects including dreams about their food, and an extreme desire to return asap.
Whent here on our aniversaryVery nice atmosphere.Delicious foodNow my favorite Indian spot.
The best indian food in NYC, everything was delicious and looked great. we ll definitely go back. Highly recommended.
The food was stunningly amazing. They brought out a spicy tomato soup as an amuse-bouche that was the perfect heat. The cauliflower appetizer was delicious. I got the chicken vindaloo, which packs the perfect punch. The flavors are balanced and it had the exact amount creaminess for the dish. I'd definitely recommend the garlic olive naan; it's the best naan I've had in NYC. Other than the food, the décor is beautiful and the staff is friendly, accommodating, and attentive. Could not have been happier with my experience.
Love this place. It looks super fancy, which made me think I couldn't afford it.  I think people might be intimidated to go in (like I was). However, I ended up going in because I had time to kill.  The staff was amazing and friendly and they made me feel welcomed. I sat at the bar and was surprised by the reasonably priced drinks. Monday-Sunday 4-7pm cocktails and wine are only $7 (it is not the gross cheap stuff).  This place is perfect for a date night or grabbing drinks with friends.  I love it and can't wait to go back.
No doubt one of the best restaurant in Astoria. Fantastic food, even better drinks, great service and atmosphere. A must visit when in Astoria. Highly recommend A+
I was very excited to try this restaurant out. The ambiance and restaurant itself is very pretty. I especially loved the outdoor seating. The people were nice and they gave us a few items complimentary. However, we were disappointed with the food. We ordered a couple of appetizers, the chicken wings were undercooked so we sent them back. We tried two entrees; the lamb chops had a gamey taste to them and the chicken tikka masala was too sweet.  I think they are trying to serve traditional Indian dishes with a twist, but for us the twist was not working.  The place has a lot of potential but I don't intend on returning unfortunately.
Absolutely delicious food and great service makes this place stand out.A tad pricier than other Indian places in the area but the food makes it worth it. The amount of spices are perfect to give the food alot of flavor without being overwhelming and the cocktails are delicious.The service is also amazing and a quality you generally dont find in non upscale restaurants. The staff is very knowledgeable about the food and are very attentive without being overwhelming. They make sure you always have clean silverware, clean the table between portions, Greet you on the way in, etc.The Decor is also great and music is fitting and upbeat without being too loud.
I only dropped in for a quick lunch, but everything  I tried was great.  Got that Garlic Naan and Saag Chicken FTW!
Great ambiance, great food, great drinks and even better service! They have vegan options and they will take the time to explain the menu. The place is also extremely clean, which is definitely important to me. I recommend it and I will be returning.
Best Indian food I've ever had! Tried the shrimp chettinad out of pure curiosity on how they combine those ingredients, it was outstanding! Sizable too! All the portions were sizable actually. I got the bhuna goat, surprised the goat didn't taste gamey, deliiiicious! My partner got the lamb shank Rogan Josh, daaang! Restaurant is so dope too! Very attentive service, a cool look, and with bomb cocktails! We tried the Mauve Hit and Astoria of my life, both were really good, the Mauve hit was more complex flavored though. I'm definitely going back for the food, but I would go back just for the cocktails!
Great decor nice new gem to add to astoria. Food was good( definitely not seva) , service was good, and the atmosphere was great. Nice spot for a date ill def be coming back
Just walked into this beauty while strolling on 30th Avenue. As soon as you walk in you get an amazing decor view. From food, service and ambience it's  amazing!! Must visit!! Will definitely come back again! I usually dont leave reviews but I especially felt the need to make a yelp account so I can share my view on this establishment.
Great ambiance, good food, prices are fair. The service needs improvement. First thing out of a servers mouth was "tap water, would you like tap water". Weird.Our server was friendly and attentive so , "tap water man" gets a pass.Has a nice small outdoor space but I prefer to eat indoors.HEX-MEX has a nice kick to it.My wife liked it, so I guess we may return if we are nearby.
Have been to this place a couple of times with my boyfriend, and I can easily say it's the best Indian food I've ever had!! I always get the chicken korma here which I am slightly obsessed with. The bartender recommended the cauliflower with the spicy red sauce and it was soooo good! The owners seem pretty cool and the staff are very pleasant! Can't wait to come back already!
I am giving 4 stars for the quality of food, great drinks and the decor of the restaurant! Really nice, sexy and elegant. Food is more pricey than in other Indian restaurants I've been but it's all worth it! My lamb was amazing! The only thing I was not thrilled with is the speed of the service.. soo slow.. but it was all worth the wait! Kudos to my bartender who made me best drink ever!
This place is amazing! Drinks are absolutely delicious; food is heavenly. Place opened up a few months ago and it is the new chic spot in town! The interior is so modern and at the same time very cultural. I love the name of the restaurant; so creative! Owner is such a sweet heart and treats his customers with kindness and respect. Customer service here is great. I would definitely try 'astoria of my life' cocktail, chicken tikka masala and lamb curry. Heavenly - I tell ya!
Superb Indian cuisine presided over by a genial host -- a wonderful culinary treat and a gracious evening overall.  If you live in Astoria consider yourself fortunate to have this newcomer in your neighborhood; if you live elsewhere it's well worth the trek.  Highlights were the Cauliflower appetizer and the Chicken kebab.  But frankly the portions were so generous that we had to take some home and will have to return to try some of the other offerings on the menu.  All of this was washed down with a truly delicious, and truly French Sauvignon Blanc, a far cry from the undistinguished vino found at most Indian restaurants.  The setting is a comfortable nicely appointed room with a garden out back (see pics).  We'll be returning (from Manhattan), and soon.
Amazing Indian cuisine in Astoria! Found this while walking by to another spot and decided we needed to go back for dinner. They have fantastic cocktails with an Indian twist and the food was spectacular. The appetizers and entrees were equally good with special mention for their biryani. The ambience is wonderful with thoughtfully decorated art (some amazing portraits depicting India) and a sweet outside area which is amazing during summer. Service was great as well, definitely a must go if you're in Astoria or craving for some awesome Indian food in general. Will definitely go back here for more!
We've eaten here twice this week. Absolutely love the food and amazing service! Great custom cocktails. They make everything in house. We've tried the Goat, chicken and coconut shrimp biranis. Everything so flavorful and delicious! Will be back again and again!
Great place to hang out in.  Wonderful environment.  I came by for dessert and drinks and I had the desert called gulab jamun and it was so tasty. The staff was so friendly and helpful I will definitely recommend and come back for full dinner!!!!!
This place gave my girlfriend and me food poisoning. we spent all election-night puking (for two reasons.)
Food - world classDrinks - world class Service -kurry qulture I recommend to all world class people
Indian is my #1 faaaavorite cuisine. I love the flavor and the spices! I came here last night to celebrate my mom's birthday. I made a reservation online (even though I didn't need to because it wasn't busy last night), and I must say their website is eye catching and easy to use. I'm currently on a health kick right now, so it was great that I could view their menu beforehand. The ambiance is nice and dark and the waitstaff were super friendly. They also made sure our waters were always filled. I ordered the sprout chaat and the dal matki (the healthiest dishes, in my opinion) and they were really flavorful. I was trying to avoid bread, rice, and anything creamy, but I HAD TO TRY some of the garlic/olive naan and IT WAS AMAZING especially dipped in the lentils and the chicken/lamb dishes my mom and friend had. They also had mango lassis and said that the mango tasted fresh. I asked the waiter what were the desserts they offered to surprise my mom and he recommended the mango cheesecake because you can put a candle in it (lol). She said it was definitely no ordinary mango cheesecake... there was something in it that made it taste special and yummy (too bad I didn't have any). I will definitely be back when it is my cheat day so I can have all the garlic/olive naan, creamy, savory, dishes and cheesecake I want.
I love the food here. The cooking relies more on making flavorful dishes that aren't heavy on cream/sugar/oils like many Indian restaurants. I have been here twice and both times I have gotten samples of some appetizers and was extremely impressed. This is a great place to go if you want a romantic setting or just want to take a step up from nearby Indian restaurants.
This is a modern interpretation of Indian cuisine with vibrant food! Full disclosure: I am not a fan of how they have their menu set up. It is a price fixe: you cannot just walk in and order an entree and leave. You pick an appetizer, entree, and are served a sampler platter of desserts. The price fixe is $33, so not cheap by any means. While you also have the full menu to pick from, it is a bit constraining/daunting that you have to commit to a 3-course meal. Based on the structure of the service and menu, I am giving this restaurant 4 stars. However, on to the food!I ordered the Manchurian cauliflower for the appetizer. This was BY FAR the favorite and most surprising at the table. The cauliflower was crisp, which I was surprised by since it was coated in sticky, scrumptious chili sauce. Absolute perfection. I had the goat curry for my entree. The goat was tender and moist. I could have definitely had a bigger portion, however with the rice and naan offered, the serving size sufficed.
Phenomenal. Dined Sat night 12/3 and I had been wanting to try for awhile after all of the reviews. By far the best Indian cuisine I've ever had, but with creative, flavorful twists. Every aspect was amazing, the excellent service, decor & ambience, cocktails, (Hex-Mex is great for mezcal fans) and of course the food. Try the KQ Cauliflower starter, entrees were superb, and by far the lightest, best nan ever. I was still raving the whole evening to co-workers on Monday at the office. If you don't live in Astoria it's definitely worth the quick N/W subway ride to 30th Ave, only 5 minute or so walk from there. It's been a long time since I enjoyed a restaurant at every level this much.
This place is on top of service. I walked pass it and was immediately attracted to its ambiance. Low lighting, intimate and warm. Great for a couples date or friends hanging out. The hosts were friendly even though I was a walk in without reservation. We came three people and sat at the bar and had apps. The bartenders were amazing. Chicken tikka and basmati rice is sooooooooooo good. The calamari is great too. After our first round of food our plates and silver ware was replaced with clean ones. Classy af!!!!! The food is good. The service is good. The drinks are good. Small gem in Astoria Queens. Will definitely come back.
This is by far one of the best Indian restaurants I've ever eaten at.  The cauliflower appetizer is absolutely amazing.  The mango lassi is made to order and incredible.  The decor is very modern and trendy.  The menu offers a lot of variety. The flavors are intense, the prices reasonable and the portions generous.  This is not your typical lunch buffet kind of place. Much more upscale and modern interpretation of staple Indian fare.I like my Indian food spicy.  When I usually ask for spicy at an Indian restaurant, it is obvious they dash something spicy in the dish at the end, because you get bites of mild offset by random attacks of heat.  Not here.   I asked for spicy and I got spicy.  Every bite perfectly balanced with heat.  The kind of spicy that leaves a nice residual heat on your tongue and lips.  Highly recommended.
I was surprised at how big this restaurant is - there is a back room and a lovely patio. The interior is dimly lit with sophisticated decor. The servers were all very polite and attentive. We started off with some refreshing happy hour cocktails ($7) and were served an amuse-bouche. As an appetizer, we ordered fried cauliflower in a tangy sweet and sour sauce. I would have been happy with another plate or two. For our main courses, we ordered jackfruit biryani and saag paneer kofta with a side of garlic naan. Every bite was delicious and well balanced. We were too full for dessert, but we'll be back soon for more!
Amazing service, amazing food, amazing atmosphere! Definitely a great spot for a date. We even got a complimentary tasting from the chef!
Currently voted as "The Best Indian restaurant" in Queen! This place lives up to its word! Amazing ambiance and decor. Gives the surroundings a very deem look! Making it very soothing! This place is full of energy and the staff is very caring and courteous!They have an amazing food menu, One of my favorites, The chicken Malai tikka, at KQ is one of their best dishes! It has the perfect taste and I love how the chef balances the spices giving it a perfect tangy and sweet taste! Going towards the Main course, the chicken vindaloo, the chicken Kalimirch is a must try with the Shrimp goan and Lamb biryani! This place also has amazing cocktails, especially the Hex Mex is out of this world with its slithering taste!I've been to many restaurants in New York, especially The Curry hill ones on Lexington ave! This place is 100 times better compared to them! The food is fresh and  tasty! Guys who love Indian food and who have a good taste about Indian food should visit this place as soon as possible!
This has to be the best Indian restaurant in queens! I don't typically eat Indian food and was nervous about trying something new. The bartender was fantastic and explained each fish clearly. My food looked beautiful and tasted delicious. The decor is very modern and clean. I am very impressed and will definitely be back!
Great ambience, service, and atmosphere. The food was also delicious. I had the KC cauliflower which was amazing and the tandoori salmon which was cooked to perfection. The bar also makes delicious cocktails and the bartender was able to concoct an off the menu drink that was just what I was looking for! I would definitely recommend coming here!
Best fucking Indian food in Astoria! I've eaten everywhere and it is better than Seva, Namaste, Yaar, and anything other joint I've ordered in from. We had masala fried calamari with a spicy aioli, and bhuna goat which was out of this world. I had the Goan shrimp curry which was also delicious. Please get the goat. Best decision you'll ever make. We also shared the spinach and goat cheese naan which was dope. The service was top notch it makes you feel like royalty. You can't take more than a sip or two of water without a refill. We sat outside in the patio which is gorgeous and the decor towards the back of the restaurant is really nice with cultural, national geographic vibe photos. I will be back!
So before reading this, just note that this is only my 2nd Indian food experience. 3.5 stars. Overall I thought the food was good. I ordered the salmon and crab croquettes and the chicken curry entree. The croquettes were fantastic although a small portion. The cauliflower (ordered by my boyfriend) was quite great as well. Very unique flavors colliding to form something unusual yet tasty. The entree of chicken curry was mediocre at best. I've had better at Thai restaurants and even my own kitchen for that matter. Not spicy enough. I mean come on, I thought this was supposed to be Indian food! I expected more spice. More bang. More fire in my mouth. The only thing that was perfect about the entree was the rice (not hard to do). The scallop entree was superb. Extremely flavorful and filling. Overall it wasn't bad but definitely wasn't worth $33 each. Ended up with an $84 bill (after tip) and that included no alcohol. I would have preferred to go to a steakhouse and spend $120 and have plenty of food to take home for the next day. If you're up for something pricey then check it out. Otherwise go elsewhere. Staff was very nice and service was great.
I had a lovely take away after meeting Sonny while I was reading their menu.  Being a vegetarian, it was nice to see they had many options.  I ordered the samosa chat and the sweet and sour eggplant.  Both were delicious, fresh and thoughtfully prepared.  It was very flavorful and a bit spicier than I thought, but overall better than your average curry house.  I will be back and will bring some friends during the holidays and maybe happy hour!! cheers.
Delicious!  Modern Indian.  Fusion cuisine for sure but everything was tasty and the service was very attentive.  We had the coconut shrimp and cauliflower as an app.  Sooooo tasty and well portioned.  Cocktails were wonderful had a good  selection and prepared with fresh ingredients.  Had the "Diya" Could have used an option for a tad more spice with entrees but all were cooked well and not oily.  We had the Saag Paneer and the Salmon Tandoori perfect to share.  We were full but no waste which I really appreciate as well.  Fantastic portioning.  It is a really nice restaurant and I would absolutely go back.
Did not meet expectations.  Goat was chewy.  All dishes were very sweet which is curious.  Cocktails were great.  Mediocre food at best.
This Place IS AWESOME! Its not fully traditional, they do some interesting dishes here.  Try the Lotus Puffs!  Great Food that changes seasonally, Good Value, Great Service. If you are in Astoria you have to try this spot.
Was blown away with the amazing food and service they have ,just spectacular the cocktails are great and different  and the management/owner Boo is just awesome!! keep up the good work guys!!
Still miss bourbon & vine that was there previously. It's a good replacement , the hex-mex is good but way too expensive for the amount of food, the manchurian cauliflower had 4/5 pieces of cauliflower , feel it's not worth the price. Great job with what they've done with the place.
Met some friends there after work.  Good service and amazing food. The place looks like a fine dining restaurant but the prices were very reasonable for the quality of food and drinks we got. Highly recommend the Manchurian Cauliflower.
Best Indian restaurant in Queens! Their hospitality is always  A+. Whenever a friend asks for the best Indian restaurant I've been to, Kurry Qulture is always on my list!
I feel bad to be one of the few to give this place less than 4 stars.I love Indian food, and it is one of my favorite cuisines and I even cook it at home. However, I felt that Kurry Qulture was one of the least memorable Indian places I've been to. I came here for dinner with two other people. We ordered the samosa chat which was pretty good, however it was a bit too tangy for us. We also got a shrimp curry and chicken vindaloo. The curries were not bad tasting but they lacked flavor...it was spicy yes but it was just one dimension. I just feel like this place was not as authentic as other places I've been to. The decor is beautiful and the service was very very good! However, I did not enjoy my dinner because it was just so disappointing. The rice didn't come with the curries which is odd since every other indian place serves rice with their curries..Not worth the price. I prefer a more casual looking place but with more authentic tasting food.
Had dinner at Kurry Qulture tonight and it was delicious from drinks to dessert. It's apparent from the decor and menu how much thought was put into this restaurant. The menu is price fix - $33 for a good sized appetizer, a hearty entree, and a trio of petite desserts. I started with the Kurry Flavor (I think) cocktail. Very refreshing. My second cocktail with dinner was the Hex Mex - delicious and just the right amount of heat. The food was excellent too. My recommendations: the creamy lentil side dish is like crack; the cauliflower is to die for - I just wish I'd ordered it myself so that I could've eaten more than one piece; the sweet potato appetizer was a great balance of sweet and spice; the naan; the rogan josh. The menu is going to be seasonal, so I'm excited to see what they do in the spring. Get the Manchurian Cauliflower. You will not regret it.
Tried this last night - great space and great concept!  LOVED the Manchurian Cauliflower and the soup.  Desserts were also interesting, I liked that the trio was not overly sweet. The menu is Prix Fixe only ($33) so that plus a cocktail makes it a little more expensive than my typical Astoria meal out.
This place is wonderful.  First off, the ambiance is absolutely beautiful - I *love* the way it looks! It's dimly lit and I can't stop staring at the decor.  The food is great, too - the prefix menu is convenient.  We ordered the pav bhaji for an appetizer and it was very good.  The tandoori chicken for dinner was tasty and authentic.  The highlight of the dinner, however, was the garlic/olive naan which I couldn't get enough of.  At the end, the server brought us a complimentary dessert that I let my husband have.  The name escapes my mind, but it was enjoyable according to my husband.
One of the best Indian restaurant in the city. I really liked the decor of the restaurant. It's very nice. I would recommend everyone to try out once. You will like it.
WOW!  I can't say enough wonderful things about this place.  I've been twice in the last few weeks and I can't wait to get back.  Bo, the bartender, is as hospitable and charismatic as they come and he's an expert mixologist!  Not too many Indian restaurants with a 1st rate mixologist behind the bar.  Without even knowing what I wanted to drink, he made me a killer martini with Ginger, Beets, vodka, and egg whites.  Now to move on to the food:  I ordered the spicy cauliflower appetizer...and it was an 11 out of 10!  Such fantastic flavor and presentation.  Both times I've gone, I've ordered the Chicken Vindaloo because it's just plain addicting.  The ingredients are so fresh and portions are generous in size.  I met Sonny, the owner, who offered me the best garlic Naan I've ever tasted in my life.  The icing on the cake is the BEAUTIFUL, artfully decorated, atmosphere.  It's a contemporary and sheik space with hip music and comfortable seating.  If you've ever been looking for an Indian restaurant that's also the perfect date spot...then look no further.  All in all...Kurry Qulture is a gem!
Fantastic Gulab jamun and pav bhaji was really good too. The staff was very courteous and the decor was great!
I enjoyed my visit very much. Nice atmosphere. A great range of items on the menu. Good flavor. Food came out with a reasonable amount of time. If I had one criticism, it would be that the space was a little too dark for my liking. Other than that an great restaurant.
Neighborhood gem! Astoria needs more places like this! Fresh ingredients, dishes prepared w care, great service, and attention to detail. Sampled a HexMex, cauliflower side, and the Shrimp Haryali. Can't wait to go back!
I am not easily floored by cuisine, but this place really surprised me.  We stopped by here by chance and were treated to one of the best meals we've had in some time.  The cauliflower is like nothing I can describe.  We had a sweet corn appetizer, followed by Chicken Korja and an Eggplant entree.  Everything was incredible.  We will be back, and you should get here asap.  You will not be disappointed.
My favorite spot in all of Astoria! The food is exquisite and the bar is amazing. I come here almost every week. The bartender is charismatic, he makes delicious drinks, and adds to the overall dining experience. The staff is very friendly and helpful, especially Wael.
The food is extremely inventive and high quality and totally unlike your standard, uninspired Astoria Indian restaurant. I try to vary my order each time I visit, but can't seem to stay away from the sag paneer kofta (spinach and cottage cheese dumplings) and the garlic & onion naan. Everything on that menu is bursting with flavor and worth a step outside of your comfort zone. My only gripe is that the chicken tikka masala, which is the best chicken tikka masala ever, is only available on their Seamless menu and not for dining-in :(.
Really loved he intimate atmosphere. The waitstaff was friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. We enjoyed the chicken korma and chicken tikka both very flavorful. The rice trio was delicious and the naan was so fresh. The side of okra was unique and has the texture of a potato chip with yummy okra flavor. I would highly recommend this place. Great price too!
Fabulous restaurant with amazing decor and even more amazing food. The chicken korma and lamb shank were to die for!! The owner and his staff were friendly and inviting. I cannot wait for my next trip so that I can explore the menu further... Fantastic experience!
How could anybody give any less than five stars!! I would get 10 if I could. Sonny the owner is such a wonderful person. My husband and I came here last night and we were not only treated with a delicious complimentary appetizer but we were also given  incredible service and a yelp offer of free lentils! The service is excellent and the actual atmosphere is absolutely magical! I would say the cauliflower appetizer is a must try! Cocktails are yummy ridiculous!! Hex Mex was my favorite! I also absolutely loved the vegetarian dumpling sag paneer dish! Support this local restaurant let's help them kill it--they are awesome!!
I would give Kurry Qulture more than 5 stars if that was an option.Having tried many indian restaurants in Astoria over the past 20 years, I was always left feeling like I had eaten heavy and oily foods. That changed with my meal tonight at Kurry Qulture. The Tandoori Mushrooms were prepared very nicely with interesting spices and sauce. I did not think mushrooms could taste that good.Chicken Korma - the chicken was buttery soft and almost melted in my mouth. The sauce was mild in terms of spiciness and extremely flavorful. Plain Naan - nice portion with 4 pieces, enough for 2 hungry adults.  Other details of our experience: our waiter and server and the restaurant owner were all extremely professional and courteous. The interior design of the restaurant was spectacular and unlike any other Indian restaurant I have been to in Astoria AND Manhattan. The restroom was a bit too dark for my taste and there could be a hook or somewhere to hang my purse. Indian music   played through speakers built into the ceiling and was soft though perceptible, which contributed nicely to the atmosphere without interfering with our conversation at the table. Beautiful canvas prints decorated one side of the restaurant wall.I left Kurry Qulture satisfied and excited at the thought of having a new favorite in Astoria, being a picky eater myself.  In fact, it's as good if not better than my favorite Indian restaurant in Manhattan (east village). I no longer have to go to Manhattan for excellent Indian food. Thank you for bring GREAT and FRESH Indian food to Astoria!  I look forward to returning to Kurry Qulture and sharing my experience with my friends and family.
This may be New York City's best kept, highest quality, under-the-radar Indian restaurant!  Seriously. I meant to go to Babu Ji but from the reviews I read, it seemed a bit hyped, cramped and overall, meh.  Didn't want to deal with the hipsters of the Alphabet City, so came here instead!  I've been here once before and they used to only offer a pre-fixe menu (which I wasn't a fan of.  I prefer sampling numerous mains).  I'm happy to report that they expanded their menu and offer several options ala carte!  Two words: butter chicken!  Dare I say that it may be better than Moti Mahal Delux's in the Upper East Side??  Shhh...Their "General Tso's" cauliflower is EXCELLENT.  Who knew those flavors would go so well with cauliflower?  And that olive, garlic naan - if it weren't for our waitress who insisted this was her favorite, I would have skipped it.  I'm glad I trusted her!  It was DELICIOUS!  This is probably one of two Indian places I've been to where I didn't start wheezing (I have allergies to preservatives and find that I have this reaction with most Asian food and their sauces) so it tells me the chefs at Kurry Qulture care enough to use better ingredients (the other place I didn't have this reaction was Junoon).  I love the ambiance too; it has this cocktail, speakeasy-ish vibe though admittedly, I've only ever had their riesling (delicious!) because it goes perfectly with their butter chicken!  The cocktails do look good though.  So I guess the secret is out.  Kurry Qulture is officially my new favorite Indian restaurant in New York City, folks.  I'm so happy I found you!  Butter chicken anyone?
Ate at Curry Qulture Saturday night and had an excellent experience.  The owner Sonny is a gracious host, the service was spot on, and of course you go for the food - We tried a wide variety of dishes, and all of them were prepared to perfection.  The setting is very nice, the bartender did not skimp on the drinks, and the price was appropriate for what we got in food, ambiance, and service.  Highly recommend this restaurant.
this place has incredible, unique food. Service was great, including some very interesting cocktails from the bartender. It's a bit more spendy than our fav takeout Seva, but it's a different concept. This is  a date night place and you absolutely get your moneys worth. Food is seasonal and very different than the average Indian place making it potentially good even for those who don't already love Indian food.
Very creative twist on Indian cuisine, and gives a cool introduction to dishes that people would not normally try otherwise. The highlight was definitely the lamb shank, which was was immense and tender. Service was great, it's in a fun part of Astoria, and has a great Indian fusion playlist.
Atmosphere, service, flavor...this place has it all! We shared roganjosh and corn puri. Everything was so fresh and delicious. Easily one of my favorite places in Astoria!
This place is great in all aspects. In terms of value, service and taste of the food. We had a great Sunday meal, super relaxed and we got stuffed!
Stumbled in last week for business meal with my accountant not even paying attention to what kind of restaurant style it was , but we were agreeably surprised!  Bloody Marry beautifully crafted with Parmesan inside the mix and "no water" Cocktail beautifully balanced... We had to take a 2nd one!Heavy investment in the decor, huge place ( compare to Manhattan) The Owners and their team definitively care for your well being. The food is done with Love, we took the Lamb Shank which was perfectly cooked with a rich and balanced sauce. The Nan with Broccoli was extremely tasty ! The Manchurian cauliflower, maybe not my taste, but well executed my guest  loved it. The other appetizer, well, the Sprouts , very healthy and light, interesting creation. We were full , then, we just share 1 Gulab Jamun... Classic!Just try it!
On June 23, 2017 I had the worst Indian Food. We went to Kurry Qulture for what was supposed to be a great (So many positive reviews). We were placed at the back of the restaurant on a table for two.  I told the waiter, since we are hungry and will ordering a few dishes if we could sit on a larger table. He said those  were reserved - Mine you there were 4 other people eating at the back.  We decided to cut the order in half and order all the meals spicy. Of course, none of the dishes were spicy.  The curry chicken had no salt and tasted old.  My friend chicken vandaloo was worst. We asked for chilis which we received after 7 minutes (Now we are the only ones in the restaurant).  I ordered a Stella and it was sour - I left it. No one ask why I did not drink it.  The best thing of the meal was the nan and water.  I  am ashamed to write this review but I had to. I did not have a choice last night, but you have. Go to Seva Restaurant a few blocks away and enjoy your meal. Sorry Kurry! By the way, stop trying so hard...Its not a club its a restaurant.
This place is the gold standard for Indian food. Everything here is top notch including the courteous service, awesomely creative cocktails, and oh yeah there's the food. You can definitely tell the owner takes pride in everything that goes into making this place what it is. Best Indian restaurant in NYC hands down.
One of the best restaurants I've been to. The place was clean and fancy, the bathrooms were amazing and immaculate, the staff was polite and attentive. The food was great as well. They had asked at the door if we made reservations (I had not, we were walk ins). Upon seeing the place I was worried it would be super expensive, but to my surprise it was affordable! Will be returning soon.
Great food and great drinks at a reasonable price. Bo, the bartender, is an amazing guy and constantly makes great drinks. Come here if you haven't yet, especially if you're looking for a new spot in Astoria
A warm and welcoming restaurant with amazing food, drinks and ambiance.  My party tasted a huge array of dishes on their menu, and almost every mixed drink and we did not find a single one that was not wonderful.  The Manchurian Cauliflower was a huge stand out, as was the Chicken Seehk-Kebab and Spicy Mushroom Toast.  The Turkey Keema and Kori Gassi were very tasty, and the deserts were quite good.  Drinks were all quite well done - Sin Til Late and Hex Mex were my two favorites.  I am definitely going back - you should check it out - your taste buds will thank you.
Interesting Indian creations!  I have been wanting to try this place for a long time.  I was sold on the food alone.  They have a lot of exotic ingredients that are hard to find (Jack Fruit, Lotus, etc.) The service is just meh....hence the 4 stars.
This is probably the best quality Indian cuisine I've ever had. I came here with my friend and we had the cauliflower, quail, and scallop dish. Everything was flavorful, but not over the top. The meats were cooked perfectly, and the manager was always attentive. Also the ambiance is just absolutely beautiful and intimate. Table service was at 100%. My glass of water never reached even halfway before someone came running over to fill it. The menu is a $33 pre-fix, but it's well worth it and you get more than enough to fill you up. I ended up taking leftovers home and the staff was sweet to pack extra rice for me, so I can have a lunchbox the next day!
Kurry Qulture is hands down best Indian restaurant I've ever eaten in. From the warm friendly welcome you receive as soon as you walk in the door, to the wide selection of tasty cocktails (everyone of them class!!) to of course the delicious food. It is no wonder this restaurant has being nominated in the Michelin Guide for best Indian restaurant in Queens (the NYC home of Indian restaurants)  KQ has a unique take on Indian dishes, this is not your regular go to Indian food, they vary their menu every season and use traditional recipes from different regions in India which totally opens up a brand new range of cuisine for the palette.Before I discovered this restaurant I maybe ate Indian food about once every 2/3yrs, mainly because I didn't know a whole lot about their cuisine and hot spicy vindaloo's never appealed to me plus I'm prone to sticking to old reliables when I do go out for dinner. I'm so happy to have discovered this new avenue and so has everyone else I've recommended this restaurant to. The menu is pre-fixe so you get to sample a little of everything.  Their signature appetizers Manchurian Cauliflower(tomato chilli glazed) and Tandoori Mushroom(ginger, garlic yogurt marinade) have me craving 2 veggies I never looked twice at before!! As does their turkey kebabs!  Even if you don't feel like a big dinner they are perfect as appetizers @ the bar, with some nann bread while sampling their unique & delicious cocktails!!! Try the Hex Mex or curry infused vodka or my favourite Sin til LateEntrees the Chicken Korma is the best Korma I've ever tasted, it's has just the right blend of spice and texture that will convert you to wanting to sample everything on menu!!! Chicken curry also excellent with a nice kick to remind you how real curries should be!!! Lamb chops have also gone down a treat, and are always nice and tender.  I have dined at KQ on numerous occasions since its opening, on my own, with a big group of friends and with family and kids (8yrs old birthday party) and I can honestly say, I've never been disappointed.  Bo and Sonny are the most gracious hosts and are ready to offer their friendly service to your all dining needs!!!Check it out, you won't be disappointed
Absolutely amazing creativity with the food!  It's a 3 course meal that just makes you happier and happier as you go through the meal. We had the spicy mushroom toast and Manchurian cauliflower. Both awesome!  Then for the main course we had the fish and rogan josh. The flavors were well done and although people rave about the rogan josh, I liked the fish better. The desserts are chosen for you and they taste great. Very fresh and good combo of flavors. If you want a well rounded meal, this is your place!
According to the ambience of restaurant it was matching the taste of food. Simply I am real fan of this place. I have been many times and  every time  my experience was good. Definitely suggest to visit this place once. They made good coctails and Indian food taste was well maintained.
Michelin star chef Sonny Salomon takes you on a journey when you come to dine at Kurry Qulture. Try the chefs tasting menu and you will not be disappointed! you will enjoy the journey and the adventures your palate will take. Great dining experience!
I came with a date here on a Friday around 8pm. The look of the place is very "now," high open ceilings with industrial type lighting fixtures, lots of warm colors and wood. We were seated right away and were checked on by three different members of the staff, which made it difficult to figure out who our actual server was.The menu is prefixe, which was cool because we knew that we'd be getting three courses, and at $33 dollars, it was a good deal. The food was just okay. My date liked his food, apricot chicken kabab and a curry dish with rice. Mine was a chickpea and potato app that had a very strange chewy texture but good, standard Indian flavors, and the lamb chops that were under seasoned. The staff was almost too attentive, which I normally wouldn't mind but as we were on a date it was mildly irritating, because they kept interrupting our conversation to ask how things were. They also seemed pretty upset that I didn't finish either of my dishes, both times when they came for our plates they asked me pointedly why I didn't finish it and if I liked it. I had high hopes for this place because all the reviews were five stars, but I just think it was average. I think I'll stick with Seva for Indian food going forward.
The food was overly spiced for my taste, but the service was attentive.
The service, decor and food (especially the food -- hands down the best Indian in Astoria) are all first-rate. The mandatory prix fixe, however, is a bit of a bummer. At $33, the three-course meal is a good value, but sometimes you just don't want a big dinner. Or dessert. It is somewhat less of a deal if you are a vegetarian; your pumpkin dish, while delicious, costs the same as another diner's lamb. I don't think it is a viable business model so I look forward to a switch to a la carte or small plates.
Been to this restaurant two times with a two month break in between. The ambiance of this place is beautiful, dimly lit and romantic. Very clean place with outdoor patio. Drinks are well made, food and service are excellent. Prices are very attractive considering that it's what I class as Indian gourmet. Portions are enough for two people. None of the food is overly spicy, just very tasty. I recommend trying more than one appetizer to experience the different tastes.
Great flavorful Indian food.  Lamb chops to die for!  Haute Indian. Classy dark club like space. Very good and attentive wait staff. Menu somewhat limited but quality is better than qauntity.
I've been here twice and was blown away both times. The food, the drinks, the ambience - it's a fantastic dining experience. Full disclosure: it's a prix-fixed menu and may come off as a little pricey for Indian food, but I guarantee you won't have another experience like it.
All of the flavors of great Indian food in a modern and refined setting. Really good! I will definitely come back.
Husband and I came here for his birthday, and we couldn't have been more pleased.  The owner and staff go above and beyond to make you feel welcome.  A place of this caliber could easily charge $60++ for its prix-fixe menu if it was in the city.  We ordered the manchurian cauliflower, lamb stuffed tandoori chicken, lamb chops, and a south indian chicken curry dish that was fantastic.  We also ordered a side of the chicken makhani (butter chicken) which was one of the best we've had - and a steal for $8.  Cocktails were such a nice treat as well.  Can't wait to come back !
An awesome combination of seasonal items in flavorful Indian dishes. We loved the pumpkin, the the salmon and chicken we super yummy. And the dessert trio was amazing. We enjoyed cocktails as well, they were inventive and tasty. The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly.
Solid place, a neighborhood gem. The food is terrific and fresh, isn't masked with heavy or over use of spices. The decor is a sight for sore eyes, just what the neighborhood needed.staff very attentive and courteous. I guess kurry qulture is a place where you get what you want even before you ask for it. Best part it's owned by seasoned professionals with years of experience, so you are in good hands.
I went to Kurry Qulture for the first time last night and will make this a staple restaurant I go to. I am so happy another Indian restaurant opened up in Astoria. First off the decor was chic, modern with a touch of culture from all the various canvas paintings. The drinks are all amazing- between my husband and I we tried 3 cocktails and a beer. Props to the bartender. The Hex Mex is my favorite. The food is upscale Indian with a modern twist and I think the $33 pre-fix is on point for all the food you get. The starter pumpkin and pea soup was delicious along with the other entrees. The naan was perfect-slightly crispy and soft. Being Indian, the food is not spicy but I think the flavors worked so well that I didn't miss the spice. The space is really cute and in the summer, the backyard will be a big hit. The owner Sunny was very professional and friendly. He did a great job walking us through the drink and food menu. In Astoria, I consider this more of an upscale restaurant, I know some people in other reviews complained about the price but I think you pay for what you get and the ambiance, food, drinks and staff make it a great experience. I can't wait to go back.
I have never reviewed any Indian restaurant in my life but hats off to this new place Kurry Qulture!What a wonderful experience from ambience to food to customer service and the drinks, everything was simply excellent and the staff was super nice!Although I loved pretty much everything we ordered but my favorite was palak paneer and like many others, the Manchurian cauliflower :)I have been to so many 'so-called' upscale Indian restaurants in New York City but have never been impressed by the quality of food, drinks and service all in one place.I would certainly recommend this place to everyone who enjoys quality food in a nice/relaxing atmosphere. By far the best Indian restaurant in New York City. Hence 5 stars!
This place is up there with some of the best Indian food I've had. It surpassed all expectations, which were high to begin with considering a 4.5 star review on Yelp. The tandoori chicken was especially good, juicy and well spiced.
My friends and I came here to celebrate a Birthday and it was divine. The atmosphere was relaxing and beautiful; perfect for dates. The staff was super attentive and the owner Sonny Solomon made us all feel like VIP. Gold stars for the Diya cocktail the Salmon & crab croquettes and the Lamb Chops. Everyone wants to come again and spread the word. Excellent addition to Astoria.
I ordered the Lamb Roganjosh - so so so salty. It was home delivered, so i slobbered yoghurt on it, and even then I tasted all the salt of the world. Would it have been great otherwise, yes! But I spent $20 for a heart attack dish
MUST MUST MUST TRY the paan kulfi is incredible!!!!  Great quality Indian cuisine and a beautiful restaurant.
Horrible service... Service was too slow. Only 4 tables were occupied but we had to wait more than an hour to get our food. I only suggest this restaurant if u have hours to spare for just a meal. I know lot of Indian restaurant who serve better meal on time. Never coming back.
Ambience was nice. Service was good.  The food was average at best.  Pricey.  Quite dissapointing as we drove out of our way to go here based on Yelp 4.5 rating. Would not even consider coming back again.
Food and drinks were great and unique. Cauliflower is amazing, yellow lentils great, naan also good, would recommend!
Great food, attentive service... I am in love with the cocktails. Not quite Negroni and Astoria of my life are my current favorites. Manchurian Cauliflower and Lamb Shank were outstanding. It was a great pair with my cocktail. I will definitely be back. Highly recommended.
It is very rare that you find a restaurant that serves the best type of food you have ever had. This place has the best Indian food I have ever had. It is a seasonal prix fixe. I would recommend everyone get something different and share. While everything was excellent. My standouts were the manchurian cauliflower,the goat,and the lamb shank. The decor is beautiful and a great vibe. Sonny the owner told me they will soon have a 5 course tasting menu.
Phenomenal! Great food that was well spiced and very tasty.  Ambience was very nice but music was a bit loud. Would highly recommend and return.
Completely unprofessional business. They do not know how to run a restaurant. On their own website they posted that a $33 price fix menu gets you a starter, rice, naan, and TWO entrees. Specifically states two. When a friend and I visited for this amazing deal they told us it was a mistake and would not honor the price that THEY ADVERTISED THEMSELVES. Maybe they made a mistake, but that's not OUR fault. They lured us in under false pretenses and were so confused by their own website they didn't know what to do about their own mistake. Any competent manager would have honored the price, but not this guy. After making us wait 20 minutes while he discussed with our server, he didn't even apologize. I'm so glad we left. For the high prices and poor service (both before and after we asked to clarify about the great deal THEY posted on THEIR website, we were generally ignored by staff), they don't even have a decent menu. If you want authentic, reasonably priced Indian food, and a positive experience, don't look here.
They seem to have done away with the fixed price menu, which I think it probably a good move.  Anyway, the food was really tasty, not greasy at all like some indian places can be, and the space is really fun.  Definitely worth a trip to Astoria.
Last week, I had the pleasure of trying the five course tasting menu. The evening opened up with an amuse bouche, compliments on the house, of a warm pea soup which was absolutely delicious, so I knew I was in for a treat! Throughout the meal, I feasted on beautifully plated shakarkandi chatt (crispy sweet potato), spicy mushroom toasts, Manchurian cauliflower, the salmon and crab croquettes, lamb stuffed tandoori chicken, turkey keema, and Shalgam Goat Curry. Puri and Naan were served on the side. The meal ended on a sweet note with a trio of dessert: apple-pumpkin halwa, bread pudding and date milk.  While I enjoyed them all, my favorites were the Manchurian cauliflower, the turkey keema and the shakarkandi chatt. I don't like sweet potatoes, so I was super surprised that I enjoyed the shakarkandi chatt, as much as I did. There's certainly magic happening in the kitchen here!One look at the menu and you can tell that Kurry Qulture is not your standard run-of-the-mill Indian restaurant. The food is inventive and I've heard the menu will be seasonal; so I'm sure there will be many more new interesting dishes to try in the future. There is such of range of dishes on the menu to appeal to a variety of palates.The drink menu is also worth visiting for. I tried the Diya and the Sin Til Late. Diya is a ginger bourbon cocktail which was garnished with a piece of candied ginger. It was super refreshing and went very well with some of the more spicier items on the menu. The Sin Til Late was a sweet bubbly drink which appealed to my girly side. What made the evening even better was the staff. The servers were attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. I would definitely recommend Kurry Qulture. I know some people may scoff at traveling to Queens, but it's convenient located a few blocks from the N/Q and the food and the staff make the journey worth it!
I would highly recommend this place! Came here with five friends and we all absolutely loved it. By far the best Indian food I've had. We had the six course tasting menu which was so good. Food was very flavorful (highly recommend the Manchurian cauliflower and chicken korma). Great decor and ambience. Very creative drinks menu (try No Fire Engine and Ready to Rumble). The bartender and staff were so nice and friendly and made us feel so welcome. Will definitely be back soon as this is my new favorite restaurant in Astoria!
I've ordered from this place 5 times and the first two times it was the best Indian food I've had in NYC. The third time it tasted a little off but it was still good. However the fourth time the food packaging was poor and the chicken had spilled into the bag. Also we had re ordered one of the appetizers we had before and gotten 25% less food. After calling the store the manager told us that for multiple orders they give a lower quantity of food. I chalked it up to an off day but when I ordered today with an important guest over it was unbelievably disappointing. The garlic naan was burned from the bottom but undercooked from the top. The chicken in two dishes tasted old and stale. The gravy for the chicken tikka tasted sour like a lemon was just blended into it. The korma on the other hand didn't look appetizing at all. Last time it was a golden yellow color and this time it looked like someone reached into the toilet and scooped the contents into the bowl. Tasted as bad as it looked too. Even the rice that came with it was stale and seemed microwaved. I had hoped that being nominated for that borough award meant this place was back as the go to Indian place but sadly they've gone off the deep end and I doubt I'll ever order from here again.
One of the best Indian food that I have eaten in New York. Today, We tried quite a few things and everything upped the expectations for the next course, and yet they kept delivering. Some of the things that we tried included: Sweet Potato chaat that had a complex flavor of tamarind chutney and spices; a pumpkin dish with Puri a dish that in taste, freshness and presentation is unparalleled for an Indian restaurant in Queens and competes with the very best in Manhattan and Shahi Tukda for sweet. Today was my first time here thanks to a friend. Definitely driving in from Long Island for a meal with family this weekend.
Friendly host and waiters made this dining experience so great! My friend and I ordered lamb dishes which were delicious and aromatic. Desserts were lovely and refreshing. Definitely would recommend this restaurant to friends and come back in the near future.
What a great find!  My boyfriend and I dined here tonight and loved it: potent cocktails, urbane ambiance (modern with some traditional touches), politely-poised service ("Mise en place" trays for new silverware) and such FLAVORFUL food!  Decorative copper plates adorn the tables, until the food arrives.  The entire staff worked cohesively to present/clear courses and make sure we were comfy.  The "little things" showed a well-trained staff.  When drips fell from her moderne water pitcher, the server promptly returned with a precisely-folded cloth to blot (not smear) the droplets.  The curried broccoli soup was surprising.  I had Shrimp with mustard seed, coconut and curry leaves.  For dinner, Balchão scallops (from the Goa region of India, where Portuguese settled).  My bf savored lamb-stuffed Tandoori chicken with tomato chutney, then bone-in / melt-in-your-mouth lamb shank in Kashmiri chili and ginger.  Basil raita with naan on the side.  I especially liked the apple-pumpkin halwa at the end.  Love such swank places arriving in the area; we'll definitely be back!
This place is such a great addition to the neighborhood!  I have been twice, once when they first opened and for their New Years Eve dinner.  Everything I have tasted has been delicious.  I will mention that everything has also been spicy, but I love that.  They have an interesting cocktail list, so you could easily just grab a drink at the bar too.  I have a gluten allergy, and they are always very accommodating (checking to see if something has gluten, subbing rice for bread).  I will be back many times.
I really wasn't blown away, but maybe my standards for Indian food are too high. We ordered the chicken vindaloo and the chicken korma. Chicken vindaloo was alright, it had a lot of flavor but it just didn't hit the spot. It wasn't vinegar-y enough (if that makes sense) and It was more brown than red in color. Chicken korma was also flavorful HOWEVER, I specifically asked for the dish to be NOT SPICY (for the girlfriend) and it was veryyyyy spicy. Now, I can take spices and very hot dishes. Even the chicken vindaloo which is known to be very spicy wasn't bad at all for me. However, when I tried my girlfriend's chicken korma it was realllyyy spicy. She couldn't eat her dish because of this. Chicken korma requested to be not spicy should not be hotter than chicken vindaloo requested to be spicy. That was a waste of $16. Anyways, naan was very good. Something about the rice I didn't like. Other than being disappointed that we wasted money on her dish, it was ok. However, Astoria still lacks a great Indian restaurant. My hopes for this place filling that position got shot down, boo hoo for me.
This is my new favorite place in Astoria! I came in for a quick drink and ended up staying for dinner. Delicious food, superb service and a warm atmosphere. Manchuria cauliflower is a Must Try. Gorgeous place with a modern, yet cozy decor and a very welcoming feel. So glad I discovered this place and will Definitely be coming back here. 5 stars with an additional gold star for being extra special.
I just ate dinner here, and it was delish! I came with my family. We are indian and have grown up in New York, so we have eaten at many of the best indian places in the city. I would easily say this is one of the best Indian restaurants in the city! Our meal started with a complimentary tomato soup, it was so authentic and tasty. The meal only got better after that. All of the food was flavorful, not heavy, and had an inventive flair. The ambiance and service were amazing too. The entire staff was courteous and made us feel very welcome. I highly recommend it!!
Very unique and perhaps more elegant than your typical Indian food. The flavors are exotic and appealing, using all fresh seasonal ingredients. I am vegetarian and I found the options to be great for me. However my friend ordered a lamb dish and it looked incredible. This is my new favorite restaurant in Astoria.
okey for indian food. the lamb shank're spicy but tasty. the coliflower was too good.
