This restaurant specializing in Szechuan food is located not far from Bryant Park with convenient access to via subway. There are ample amounts of tables and booths for large parties within the space, and when we came during lunch, were immediately seated. We had ordered their speciality Chong Qing grilled fish, the Chong Qing spicy diced chicken as per recommendation, fungus salad and the dan dan noodles, which is a must at any Szechuan restaurant. The grilled fish was served in a large platter that could feed way more than a party of 2. My favorite was definitely the diced chicken, because it was so crispy and flavorful from the spices. My tolerance for spice isn't very high so the chicken was great! It looked spicy but it wasn't. The fungus salad was very refreshing and light, balancing out the other heavy dishes. Service was really good and attentive as well. Lisa was so nice!
Wow, I have just found a gem in the busy streets of NY today. Being from Toronto I have my fill of authentic tasting Chinese food. However, I was blow away from the amazing tasting dishes I had today! I ordered the grilled fish and the pig feet in dry pot. The fish was their most popular dish and it certainly tasted like it! What surprise me was the pig feet. OMG I was just blown away from the tender and delicious meat. The meat actually falls from the bone, no joke lol! I have almost been to all the legit tasting restaurants around the Toronto area and I'm still amazed at the taste of this restaurant. Definitely and I mean definitely come and give them a go, you won't regret it! P.s. I heard that seeing Chinese celebrities at this restaurant isn't a rare occasion
Super authentic Chinese food. I I got think what is really worth noting is that both more traditional sichuan spicy dishes and the more bland dishes are pretty good. I ordered fish fillet w/ soft tofu pudding 豆花鱼片 and baby Napa in chicken broth soup 浓汤娃娃菜 to even it off. I was kind of worried that the soup will be too bland coz it is not a Shanghaiese place but it is actually surprisingly good! The service here is really nice too. I was waiting for a friend who was late for about 1.5 hours because of crazy NY traffic. The staff not only did not express any negative emotions, but they heated the food for us when my friend came. I left extra tip lol. Highly recommend!
Nice restaurant. The food is authentic, taste as close as you can get from China. You can find many Chinese going here to show how good / authentic it is.
Came to zest Szechuan tonight with couple of my coworker for early thanksgiving dinner! We arrive at 6:30pm ! There's few table ahead of us , we only wait for 10min and we got sit immediately! They have a new menu of items like frogs and pig feet! We had like soup dumplings, dan dan noodles ! Entrée we had pea shoots,grilled fish,hot&spicy pig feet! The service is excellent, the server & the host give us smile every time they pass by our table ! Will definitely come back again n try other dishes in the menu! We felt so welcome being in here , felt like home :) !
Fried pork dumpling were amazing!  Service was fast and thorough. We will definitely make this a staple for anytime we visit NYC.
My significant other and I visited Zest last night and can not stop raving about it. Where do I begin? We started with the "fungi salad" served warm with cooked celery and chili-infused sesame oil. This is a real standout dish, IMO and I wish we had ordered two even though the portion was quite generous! The flavors were herbaceous and briny with just the right balance of earthiness from the gorgeous wood ear mushrooms they used.For our main course, we shared a dry pot chicken which was just the right amount of food for us. The server cautioned that it may not be enough, but we actually ended up having enough leftovers for me to make a spicy Szechuan omelette this morning (but that's another story).Overall, delicious food and a great value. An appetizer, an entrée, and two cups of tea came to a little more than $28 before tax and tip. Not bad for a weeknight date! We will definitely be back, and hopefully with a group. And next time we will try some of the other dishes to share.
Delicious meal and the owner, is the sweetest!Stopped by on a Friday prior to an open bar just across the street. Zest was busy and had patrons flowing in and out - a really really good sign for a restaurant in Garment District! Excitedly, my gf and I stopped in for a bite.We started off with the dan dan noodles and wonton in chili oil. Noodles were great but those wontons were superb! I could not stop eating them. They rival my fave (White Bear in Flushing), but these held their own and will save me a 40 minute ride into Flushing to boot!The mains we shared were the pork belly and the faaaaaamous-must-get Chong Qing grilled fish. The pork belly was good, albeit a tad heavy on the salt but the fish was out of this world! It comes in a very insta-worthy huge pan, covered with random gems. It was like a treasure chest of seaweed, mushrooms, noodles, etc;! I loved it - kinda makes food fun, ya know?For my first Szechuan experience, I was really impressed and glad to know that I could handle the spice ;) Service was top notch too - we had a chance to chat with the owner and discovered she used to be a dancer and then just decided to open up her own restaurant! Crazy! Super good - highly recco!
Zest Szechuan is a relatively new Sichuan spot in an area that seems to be full of Sichuan spots - the Bryant Park/Midtown area.  After my colleague was craving Asian food (in his own words... anything with "rice"), I did a quick Yelp search and Zest came up.  I'd never heard of it, but after skimming through some of the reviews, I decided to check it out for a weekday lunch.Either this place is not well-known yet or they don't have a busy lunch crowd, as there were plenty of tables around noon and we were able to secure a seat without having to wait.  I don't recall seeing any one having to wait to dine in.  As is with most of the competing Sichuan places in the area, Zest Szechuan offers a robust lunch special menu, averaging around $10 each and comes with a soup (egg drop or hot and sour, in our case).We ordered the tripe and tongue (cold) appetizer to start with.  It's funny that this was our appetizer because it actually came well after our entrees were served.  This is basically how I gauge my liking of any Sichuan restaurant.  You have to get my fu qi fei pian (this particular tripe and tongue dish) right.  Unfortunately for Zest, it fell short here.  We both agreed that the meat was bland, undersalted, and underseasoned.  I also like mine with a bit of a tanginess to it and this was just missing all of it.  The best is still at Han Dynasty, hands down.As for our main dishes, we got the mapo tofu with minced pork as well as the double sauteed/double cooked pork belly.  These are also two dishes that a Sichuan place always has, and should not mess up.  We agreed that both of these dishes were flavorful and delicious.  Well seasoned and salted, unlike our appetizer dish.  I would order both of these again.Solid lunch option around the Times Square/Bryant Park area if you are craving Chinese food and want a food coma later in the afternoon.
I would say around 3.5 stars rather than 4. Foods are above average but not enough to say "wow". But compare to another szechuan that I've been tried, this one is good. The reason to down half a star is the attitude of service, not very welcoming and she is a little bit uncomfortable when we called for another dishes (we ordered once before and almost finished already). Spicy level here maybe not satisfy the people who expect extremely spicy food, but for us, it's good, within our capability!
Zest has dethroned another, closer Szechuan restaurant as my default/favorite/go-to dinner. We order mapo tofu, dan dan noodles, wontons in chili oil, chongqing chicken, and scallion pancakes. I know it's a lot for 2 people to eat but damn, there's just too much good stuff here. Was craving it while we were abroad recently.
Authentic Szechuan food and great service! The servers were very friendly and the owner is VERY passionate about providing great food :DMy friends recommended me coming here because they said it was sooo GOOD! I am a huge fan for Szechuan Food and I decided to drive all the way from upstate New York just to check this place out! Anyways the two hour trip definitely was worth it and I can't wait to visit this place again!We had a few classic Szechuan dishes:-Chong Qing Grilled Fish (重庆烤鱼)-favorite dish!!!-Beef tendon & tripe with peanuts & chili (夫妻肺片)-which is pleasantly numbing with a unique natural flavor-Hot & Spicy Shrimp (香辣虾) -a bit spicy and the prawns were HUGE-Fried green beans (干炒四季豆)-love the texture and the tasteThis is definitely a hidden gem in Manhattan and I can't wait to go back to try their other dishes. I also wish this restaurant lots of luck and success :)
My friend came to visit me and we went to this place for grilled fish. We ordered grilled fish and some dessert. It was enough for both of us.The grilled fish had a lot of vegetables in it and I enjoyed the large amount and variety. It was spicy enough for me but not salty enough. I can only taste spicy but not other flavors (salt can draw those flavors out). That was something I felt disappointed with. In manhattan, I prefer the grilled fish from Legend 72.The service was good. The place was clean. They gave us oranges after the meal. However I think the flavor is the most important. I have not tried other dishes maybe I will go next time. The price was around 55 for two people after tax and tips I think.
Tasty Szechuan food located in midtown near Bryant Park. The area lacks authentic Chinese food, so I was really glad to find this place instead of having to trek 20 min downtown to Chinatown. While Szechuan is not my first choice of Chinese cuisine (since I can't handle the spice too well), I was pleasantly surprised with the flavors here.The atmosphere is bright, clean, and modern. When I stopped by on a Saturday for lunch, all diners were Chinese, which goes to show the level of authenticity. It's a relatively large restaurant that could probably seat 30-40 people and it was half full so my party of two had no wait.We ordered:1) spicy beef tendon and tripe $132) dan dan mian $73) chong qing grilled fish $364) beef short ribs sauteed with onions $251) This was my favorite dish because I absolutely love these ingredients. Nice touch of chili oil throughout the dish. Deliciously chewy and the coldness of the dish helped cool off my poor tongue from all the spiciness. There was significantly more tripe than tendon, which was no good for my SO, since he only likes tendon. Oh well, more for me. ;) 2) This classic dish was very well done - I normally don't care for dan dan mian, but the owner recommended it and I'm glad I tried it! This dish of egg noodles topped with ground meat and herb (+chili oil) is very much a comfort food and it reminded me of my childhood.3) This was the star of the meal. Grilled tilapia in a sea of peppers and peppercorn served with fried tofu, tofu skin, seaweed, bamboo, potatoes, and glass noodles. I was a little intimidated because the sauce it's served in is BRIGHT RED - almost as bright as the Yelp logo. But it actually wasn't terribly spicy! Definitely make good use of the bowl of rice they provide to help dilute the spiciness. The fish tasted so fresh and tender; I could definitely tell that it was a fresh catch. You're presented with the whole fish, Chinese style, so be careful of bones! Thankfully tilapia only has the big bones. This portion is HUGE so don't be afraid to take it home.4) The beef short ribs were probably the biggest letdown of the meal. It is served on a cast iron pan, but it wasn't sizzling. I think it would have added a nice touch if the pan had been heated too. The short ribs were tasty, but it wasn't fall off the bone. It could have spent more time cooking to break it down more. It was served with sauteed onions which weren't anything special. This dish came with about 8-10 pieces of short rib. I probably would skip this dish next time.Overall, I think the prices are a little higher than I'm used to paying for Chinese food in Flushing or Chinatown, but it is super convenient and tastes just as authentic. Don't be shy, give them a try!
The food here is wonderful, especially in an area of Manhattan that is lacking in sit-down Chinese food options. We ordered the dan dan noodles, cold tofu appetizer, yang chow fried rice, beef hot pot dish, roasted duck, and string beans -- way too much for the 4 of us, but we couldn't help ourselves when everything looked so appetizing. We loved everything that was brought out to us, and I would highly suggest checking this place out if you're looking for authentic Chinese dishes.I'm only knocking a star off because of the service that began to falter throughout the meal. After we had finished our meal, it took quite a bit of time for the wait staff to check in on us and clear the table, despite the restaurant clearing out for the most part by that time.Nevertheless, a great place to check out if you're in the mood for a great variety of Chinese dishes!
A must go if your craving spicy Chinese food! Definitely authentic! Friendly staff, clean environment and greatt service.
I arrived at 11 am today but they asked me to wait for half an hour OUTSIDE .. they said their chef is not ready yet...
I come here at least twice a week for lunch. Food is quick, tasty and for the most part authentic (they also have Chinese-American classics for the Western palette). My only gripe is that consistency in the dishes is fairly bad--ordered the Shredded Beef w/ Chili Peppers once and it was absolutely incredible; ordered it again sometime later and it tasted nothing like it tasted it first time (no char on the meat or veg, sauce was much less flavorful, zero spice). Another example is I ordered a Dan-Dan noodle several times and the amount of sauce and meat they gave me was drastically different each time.Overall, great Sichuan-style food, but chefs need to develop some homogeneity/QA in their cooking.
Recommend this place to all my spicy food lovers. You know the place is good when the place if filled with Asian millennials! There's a wide variety of options and some choices for vegetarians and vegans. The atmosphere is very homie and cozy, flavors are similar to the original dishes in Szechuan.The front desk girl Lisa was wonderful in assisting me with my meal and recommended me options for my vegan diet. Great service! ;)))))
I saw a brochure about this new restaurant and expected it a lot, because I like eating fish. The food is good but maybe I expected too much. It is typical Szechuan food, very spicy. A problem is that it is too oily, and I think it is problem of most Szechuan restaurants as well. We didn't order whole fish so I am not so sure about whether it is fresh or not, but I miss a fish restaurant in my hometown.
I love going to Zest Szechuan, they have a very friendly staff and the best fortune cookies! :)
food was ok. I just had too much expectation after seeing other reviews.
The worst Sichuan food I have ever had.  Every dish we ordered has no taste.  The grilled fish is not grilled, its boiled and put the sauce on top; the veggies in the dish is much more than the fish.  The spicy dumplings are not spicy at all despite the fact we want extra spicy.  I do not recommend this place at all.  By the way, I am from Sichuan and I know what's good or not in terms of Sichuan food.
Very delicious food,we ordered authentic Chong Qing Grilled Fish,that's the best Grilled fish I have ever eat , the mapo tofu is great also ,and my favorite one is the spicy cabbage,the Chongqing noodle also really authentic,love the authentic Sichuan food,love the service here,love everything here ,
Holly rice! I am impressed. Clean, efficient, reasonable and affordable. Most of all, the chicken with eggplant was damn good. Highly recommended. But the portion may not be enough for those who have a big stomach. So far so good!
The food was well cooked and plentiful. The staff was very polite during the takeout and place looked very clean. The missing star is because the beef order was 75% vegetables and only 25% meat.
Very authentic Sichuan restaurant in midtown area. For me it's better than the other two on 39th street. Great value for the lunch menu, only $7.5. Environment and Service are also very good, clean and bright. Would definitely come back and try other dishes
I was looking for a new Chinese restaurant in midtown and am glad this came up on the top of list in ads.. They have good vegetarian and non vegetarian options. I tried fish and chicken , both of them were spicy and well done.I am definitely going to visit this place again
My most favorite restaurant in midtown. I go there for lunch every day. Must try their lunch special. Also the crab, finish, and noodles are my favorite. Except for the taste, they deliver the food very fast. Yao Ming
Came in to fill my need for some Dan Dan noodles.  Surprisingly numbing spice.  Great garlic flavor
chicken was good!  tasted like dark meat but I'm ok with that...
Favorite Sichuan food in the city! Their grilled spicy fish is super good even though it differs from the authentic one. The waiters there are very attentive unlike other Chinese restaurant where you feel not worth it to tip them. First time when we were there, their credit card machine stops working so we have to go out to get cash. We asked for a discount but the lady said she can't make the decision. However, she offered to buy 4 of us dessert which is like $12 in total! How nice!!! Would definitely recommend this place
The food is quite bland and doesn't have any authenticity to its flavor. We had the General Tso's chicken and if I hadn't known what it was already, I would have never guessed what it was supposed to be. Their Chef's special dry chicken (kind of like chilli chicken) is not bad but still lacking that desired flavor. Spring rolls are also tasteless, as is the fried rice.
First meal here. Good, fast service. Ordered dumplings, shrimp in garlic sauce. Maybe my mistake but both came together! Both quite good, but shrimp came with broccoli and red peppers. Wasn't terribly exciting. Think Szechuan Gourmet down the block better.I am not Chinese but just about all other patrons were, which must say something. Will try this place again to form better impression.
We ordered the 1 spicy Chong Qing style fish here. Please beware the fish is really small. The portion/price is more like $40 per person. Also The fish is not cleaned well and it is absolutely not fresh. Even with the fish is fried with heavy seasoning and hot sauce the fish still taste like it is caught from Hudson River 10 days ago.
Clean! And I like the decor there. Simple but modern. It is really good for the price level. Ans the food is pretty good. I am Chinese myself and I will recommended to my friends. We ordered the fish and mapa tofu and twice sautéed pork belly. The port belly is thing layered meet. If you can't eat too spicy, you can order this. Pretty good.
I wanted to like this place but the food was not that great. I've tried the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup and the Hot & Spicy Shrimp. I didn't really enjoy either and was quite disappointed given the other 4-star reviews. The staff, though were nice.
Spicy beef noodle is really tasty. They also offer desert for free. Really nice place!
I got the pot stickers, dan dan noodles, and sesame chicken and drink.  Came out to $33 for one person.  The sesame was good, nothing extraordinary.  There were a few pieces that were just dough though.  The sauce was great.  First time having dan dan noodles.  I can't put my finger on it, but something wasn't what I expected on the texture of the noodles.  There was hardly any meat in it.  I would say about half a teaspoon of whatever meat there was supposed to be.  I forget if it was chicken or pork.  The numbing sauce was good.  Not too spicey.  I expected it to be real spicey, but glad that it wasn'.The potstickers were good, but the dipping sauce was very basic. I think it was probably only just soy sauce.  They should put some sugar, a drop of sesame oil, rice wine vinegar, and scallions in it and you get a delicious and completely different sauce.  I tried it here at home and it was 10X better. Also, the menu I was given showed sichuan style items, but I was looking for more chicken or pork or beef style sichuan entree menu items.  I think there were more of the Americanized chinese items, like Sesame chicken, kung pao, and things like that, than actual sichuan entree items. I'd give it a 3.5, but leaning more towards 4 stars. I'd go back if I was in the area, but wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
Zest Szechuan has only been open for about a month and the location it chose is on 39th street between Szechuan Gourmet and Lan Sheng, and within blocks of La Vie en Szechuan and its sister restaurant. Needless to say, it must be confident that it has some secret sauce to be able to compete with the established players, and it does. Zest Sichuan has the most attentive service I have ever experienced at a Chinese restaurant that caters towards casual dining. A friend and I tried Zest Sichuan for dinner. We were bored of the other neighborhood Szechuan restaurants and were attracted by the bright, clean, and modern decor. We ordered a cold appetizer of liang fen (translates to bean tofu?), the sour cabbage and fish stew, and vermicelli and pork. The food came out quickly. We really liked the fish and the vermicelli dishes. They use fresh filleted fish instead of frozen fish fillets which makes a big difference in taste and they add black rice vinegar to the vermicelli, cutting the grease. The mung bean tofu though, was not to our tastes. The texture was too tough for our liking. We didn't think too much of it except to make a mental note not to order it again, BUT THEN, the waiter, sensing something, came up to ask us if we liked everything alright. So we told him the truth that we didn't really like the cold appetizer. He apologized and offered to change it to another dish for us and recommended the sliced ox tongue and stomach, which turned out to be amazing. The spicy oil they use here has just the right level of heat and none of the sweet/sour flavors other restaurants use. After the waiter switched the mung bean tofu for us, the owner of the restaurant came and apologized in person. The owner, Lili, is super sweet and explained that they just opened and are still working out some kinks in their dishes, so she appreciated our feedback. She left us her card and thanked us for giving Zest Szechuan a chance. And we are really glad we did, because the food was definitely delicious and the personal touch sealed the deal for us.
Definitely a solid four star. Checked in Saturday evening after disappointment on not accepting less than 4 people reserve at café China. A little worried when I read about the beget I've reviews but the great taste of the meal eased all my worries. Double cooked pork belly, Chongqing spicy diced chicken are both good, mapo tofu is meant to be authentic Chongqing style, but starchy sauce technic needs improvement and missing last pour of hot oil. Got sweet dumplings for the lantern festival, a big plus. Good environment, music and service as well. Nice place to go!
Great place for lunch. Mapo tofu is the best I had in the city and double cooked pork is amazing. Haven't tried dinner yet but I will def go there to try the grilled fish.
This place opened up right next to my work so I HAD to try. So many options! The place is really clean and simple, organized. The staff is great and friendly, the girl at the register is really sweet and they DO take credit card! (unlike other places that have a minimum purchase) I ordered a lunch special to go (super cheap! came out to be $8 for sesame chicken, rice, and a soup) it was a generous portion, so great for the price! and it was delicious and I waited maybe less than 10 minute for it during a busy lunch hour! This is going to be my quick go-to spot for my chinese food fix! This place is perfect if you want a relatively quick, budget saver bite!
Went there with my guy friend and had the most recommended spicy grilled fish! It's rarely to get this type of Sichuan big dish in midtown~ the skin was fried and crispy, soaked in the spicy soup, very delicious. We spent like 36 in total, not bad!
Delicious food. And the people working there are very friendly and accommodating. If you want exceptional food from the Schezuan region of China. 2 thumps up!!!
Delicious white wine, tofu and chicken. Menu has pictures which is great for when you're prepared to make decisions with your eyes.
I ordered Hot and spicy shrimp for delivery and it didn't disappoint me. The shrimp is very fresh and the taste is good.
A great place in the city for some authentic szechuan dishes, a great selection of menu choices, clean environment, and awesome service. Definitely satisfied my spicy food cravings!!
Nice place for a sit down lunch. the staff seemed hurried, but attentive. food was good. prices for lunch special really good. not the spot for when you're in search of a transcendant dining experience, but for good food at very reasonable price, it's a nice spot for a midtown lunch.
This is a newly opened small restaurant, interior is very nice and bright. Their signature fish is only 30 dollars and it is definitely enough for two people. Very good!
this place is fantastic. fresh authentic flavors (I mean, the entire place looks packed w/ Chinese people - usually a good sign).  fast no nonsense service. if you want to make substitutions, no problem (though not on the lunch menu - which itself is fab...and comes w/ a wonderful clear and potent hot & sour soup...and w/ soda it was only like 10$ - that's incredible in manhattan midtown - and it isn't at all cheap food - I'd pay double w/o hesitation).  The heat is real (from real sichuan peppercorns it seems - yeah!) and potent - so be prepared to sweat a little - but despite that the flavors of the fresh ingredients sing out!!  There are other slightly older options around which are fine - but this is my new mainstay. love it.I should a quick note on decor - another commenter noted it looks Ikea-esque - that's not a bad allusion - it is clean and bright - not at all the staid old fashioned style of many of the older places...and those older places are nice but I like this new fresh minimal, no nonsense look - I'm thinking the young chinese (in china) working force likes the fresh look and thinks the older look is corny...in my own ethnicity, I feel the same.  taste is personal though.  nonetheless - great food (and a friendly host).
I really wanted to love this place based on the reviews, but perhaps I went on a bad night? Gave it 2 stars because the order was made in good time. Would have given it 1 star if it was based on the quality of food. First ingredient in the Authentic Chong Qing Grilled Fish... OIL. I kid you not. Perhaps carryout was the worst way to get their food as by the time I reached my hotel, which was 0.2 miles away, the fish had turned to mush. The pictures I saw prior to ordering this dish looked nothing like what I received. I actually poured out about a cup of oil before I got to anything substantial. After which I had to take a picture to show what was left and buried under the mess of oil and chilli peppers. Oil soaked Tofu, wilted bok choy and some other unidentifiable vegetables. See picture for yourself! For a take out dish of $30, I expected a bit better. The Broccoli in black bean sauce and General Tso chicken was no different. At least 1/2 inch of oil on top of the food. Couldn't eat it. If you don't mind greasy oil soaked food, this is surely the place for you. If you do, as I did, go somewhere else.
Been there for once. The food is just OK and it is authentic. With a Chinese standard, I would give it 3 out of 5 stars.
It's my first time to come here. The food is spicy abd delicious. And the boss of the restaurant is cute and sweet. I love all the dishes here. The price is also cheap. I want to come here again. (⁎) 菜都挺好吃的，不过担担面是老干妈拌的() 宫保虾仁很好吃，牛肉豆腐也很好吃，还有辣子鸡(**)，烤鱼也特别棒，就是鱼比较小人多不够吃(_)
Tonight I Ordered two take out, one was half filled, one was filled with big chunk of vegs as fried Beef. Horrible .. The pictures they showed in the reviews were all For their own ADs, not the real thing. Won't go back
Fantastic food and service! The dinning environment is clean and bright. Internal decoration is simple but you will feel quite comfortable. They have a second floor which can provide party space for 30-40 ppl. Will definitely come back and recommend friends there.
I love this place! Just recently discovered it and was surprised at how wonderful and authentic the food is! It's a little far from my apartment but my last Sichuan spot was even further (and sadly, is not as good anymore) so I'm making this my new Sichuan place. I highly recommend the fish filet in chili oil (classic) and the stir fried string beans with minced pork. Was going to order a fish but they were sold out of whole fish when I went, which was later in the evening. So next time I'm going to try a fish. Really clean spot with pretty modern decor, this is not your typical Manhattan Chinese joint. Service was nice and fast, and you can pay with a card!!! I highly recommend it!
A second Szechuan restaurant just opened on 39th & 6 Ave this week. This place serves dine in and fast take out.  The lunch menu offers a wide range of sumptuous Szechuan dishes. I ordered a double-cooked pork w/ scallion (spicy) with a bowl of white rice and hot & sour soup for about $7.50. The double-cooked pork is thin-cut, well seasoned, oily, but not too spicy. The soup is a bit too salty. In all the lunch combo is great value. Good for group and takeout. I'm glad its opened close to my office and not too many people find out about the place yet..
Food looked good but we did not get to try it.  We sat there for 20 minutes and never got served.  Another couple arrived 10 minutes after us and got served so we left.  We never even got a glass of water or  tea.  The place was half empty so not sure why we didn't even get acknowledged.
Disappointing. Food was okay, we were tricked into the impression that the fish was for the whole fish while it was $45 for the half fish. There are plenty other Chinese restaurants in NYC for you to choose.
Totally agree with the 4-5 star reviews on the food.  It brings me back to the days working on films in China.  Fresh, flavorful and so delicious, I've ordered from Zest Szechuan 3x in 3 days.  YUM!So why the 2 star rating.  SERVICE.  3x fantastic food, 3x horrible service.  I wrote out the accounts, but it became a novel.  So here's the nicest way to put this. They treat their Chinese- speaking clientele completely differently.  Ex.1  My employee can order from the lunch menu even after the 3 pm time on Saturdays, I cannot order from the lunch menu at any time on Saturdays.  Rather, I am told the menus are printed wrong.  The menu does say from Mon-Sat.  (No worries.  MORE FOR ME TO ENJOY.)  Ex. 2 Employee has no spending requirement for delivery.  I have a $10 spending limit.  (NO biggie, but it's the principle.)   Finally, make sure they give you everything that you actually pay for.  They will not think to tell you that they are out of certain items, nor will they offer alternatives.   They just won't put it in.  Ironically, the missing item that I was told "they ran out of" is now sitting in front of me. Disappointing to say the least.  I'll put up with a lot for delicious food.  Just not thrilled with this experience.
Food was great. Veggies were very fresh, meats were fantastic. Not overly sauced. Excellent flavors.
Have tried a variety of dishes here, really liked the Chongqing Chicken. Food is tasty, the atmosphere is pleasant and bright and the staff gave excellent service. What's not to like?
Food is ok but the staff here is not well prepared for handling so many customers during lunch hours. After the first dish came in, they didn't even give us the plates to eat. I also asked them to provide a larger bowl so I can mix the noddles with its sauce and the waiter seems to be very unwilling to do so :( But they are sending their chefs to pass us the dishes. I think this is interesting  Added two stars for their chefs bc they look professional
Clean, attentive & delicious! Best part is its in the heart of Manhattan.Probably one of the cleanest Chinese restaurants I've ever been in, also well lit to get all your foodie photos in and the food is well presented and authentic Szechuan. The waiters are super attentive and helpful, especially with recommendations, they also speak good English which is really beneficial. My only regret is my stomach wasn't big enough to try more dishes, but I'll be back again!
Try several dishes, felt they are authentic Sichuan
Food is very good and better than another two Szechuan restaurants nearby, Lansheng and Szechuan gourmet. I enjoyed the pork feet and Chongqing grilled fish, they were tasty but not too salty. The tall guy with glasses did great job as server. He kept checking with us, bring extra plates and napkins before we asked for them. You know eating spicy Chinese food can be very messy. So I really gave a lot of credit for good service because of him. Hopefully the other servers are like him.
The food here was so good! My favorite dish was the fish off the mala dish menu.  It was spicy (perfect!) and tasted just like a dish I had in China.
This will be one of my few reviews I write on Yelp. I am very disappointed about the service in the restaurant. When they first opened, there weren't a lot of ppl, the waiter was so patient and nice. And today when I went there with my colleagues, the waiter doesn't even care. He was going to leave the table before we finish ordering our food. His service was completed upside down compare to last time. Very disappointing. I think the restaurant got more ppl coming in, so they started to pay less attention in service. And PLUS, the food was not even that good compare to the price.
Man, I really had high hopes for this place. It was pretty empty when we came in, probably 5 other tables. Waiter was very nice and promptly took our orders. I got the double cooked pork belly and the wife got a chicken broccoli (she can't do spicy), and I also ordered the Dan Dan noodles to start. Our entrees came out in about 10 minutes and I wasn't impressed. The pork was overcooked and the flavor wasn't there. I tried some of the wife's dish and it tasted like the cheap Americanized version you can get for $6. Also, the Dan Dan noodles still hadn't come out by the time I was done with my entree... So much for an appetizer? Anyways, I told the waiter to cancel the order since I was already done eating which they did do for me. Overall, not impressed.
This is the BEST Szechuan Food I've had ever never. And I strongly recommend Grilled Fish. The fried skin was crispy, the meat was so fresh and Juicy. People serve there were such friendly and hospitality. They talk to you the way just like you are old friends. And they were keeping a wonderful environment, which makes you feel you can eat more, indeed. Most importantly, price were acceptable. That allows all of you have the chance to bite the very very authentic tastes.
Food was delicious but the service was a bit difficult.  Drinks were served without ice, requests for plates were forgotten.  This was an early Saturday night dinner.  At lunch several days earlier, everything was just fine --  good food, good service, not noisy and perfect for a regular lunch hour.  We will go back!
grilled fish is pretty good. Others are also nice. Service a bit push. Not super recommended but still a good restaurant
This place is 50/50 with me. Would I come back, yes, but only for one dish. Would this be my first option when craving spicy Chinese food? Probably not. To start, parking here is HORRIBLE and the parking garage prices are through the roof compared to other parks of New York. I paid $45 for a little over an hour as oppose to $20 for half a day. SMH. The main reason why I came here as because I saw their spicy whole fish. I ordered it. Got it. Devoured it. It was so good. To follow came our other two dishes, crispy intestines and spicy chicken appetizer. The spicy chicken was okay, not bad but not the best I've had either. The intestine was just bad. Not good. If their other dishes tingles my taste buds like that fish, o man, this would have a been winner, but sadly that was not the case. O yeah, forgot to mention, staff is attentive and place is very modern so that was good. I would definitely recommend come here for the fish you guys!
Excellent!  Bright, very clean, attentive waitstaff.  All four of our dishes were excellent.  We especially loved the Beef with Chinese Leek and Sesame Chicken.
DONT GO! WORST SERVICE EVER! I just had my worst experience at this place because we waited for 40 minutes and realized that our order was not put in the system at all by the guy who took our order. He never apologized to us and ignored us the whole time without even checking if he put in the order. After the incident he never even came to our table nor did he attempt to apologize. After I asked them if our order is coming soon, the other two female servers, one denied for forgetting our order and the other came back and try to take our order again without expressing a sense of guilty or apology. We were so so angry. We used to go there a lot and now we are never coming back no matter how good there food is. Eventually we walked out and they did not even have the gut to prevent us to leave. They had the WORST SERVICE EVER in NYC among all Chinese restaurants or all restaurants in general!
Lisa (the owner) invited me for dinner. I didn't know of this place before as it's still a pretty new restaurant, but I'm so glad I do now.The atmosphere is very simple, spacious and clean. The menu is extensive and there are so many things to choose from. We asked Lisa for her top recommendations. She gave suggestions of things we weren't planning on ordering but we had to go with her word. It's funny how easily we get stuck in our ways and forget to try something new. The Dan Dan Noodles are very tasty. Just spicy enough and fresh. The dumplings in chili oil are perfect. You can taste how fresh the dough and meat are and the sauce is the perfect balance of spicy. The beef hot pot is very overwhelming if you're not prepared for how big a hot pot can be. It easily feeds 3-4 people. This was a fun dish with a lot of flavor. Very spicy. The beef was tender and the sauce spicy and the noodles chewy. The Chong Qing Spicy Diced Chicken is great. It's like a high quality version of popcorn chicken. Great flavor. I'm glad Lisa gave me the opportunity to try something new that I ended up really enjoying. Will definitely be back soon!
Not the best Szechuan restaurant, but definitely a cool place if you're looking to have Szechuan food but can't handle the spice. We got the dan dan noodles and the Chong qing hot pot fish, both of which lacked in spice and flavor. The portions are pretty decent, but still very disappointed in the lack of flavor!
Occasion: Dinner take-outHighly recommended: Authentic Chong Qing Grilled Fish in Hot Chilli Soup ($29.95) 重庆烤鱼Grilled Beef in Hot Chilli Soup (~$39) - 重庆烤牛肉（肥牛）Spicy Dungeness crabs in hot chili soup 重庆烤珍宝蟹 (~$60)Food: Many Chinese people come here for some super yummy Chong Qing Grilled Fish (one of the best in the city). I come here exclusively for their Chong Qing Hot chili soup style dishes - fish, beef, shrimp, crab! All so tasty and make you crave more! (But yes your stomach might disagree with you the next day ;))  If you don't like fish, go with the grilled beef which tastes even better in my opinion (Just make sure you order the fatty beef not the lean beef. The fat marble gives it more texture)Overall it's my new favorite Szechuan restaurant in Midtown! I'll keep updating this review as I try more food on the menu
I am a Chinese food lover.For Zest Szechuan, it's good.Great food, especially the Grilled Fish Pot.Good price in Midtown.For service, no comment.If you want to enjoy great spicy Chinese food, here is a good choice.
Zest Szechuan is a definite 4-star restaurant ... if I went back a couple of times it could be even higher.  I was Jones-ing for some good Chinese food on a recent trip to NYC and after looking at Yelp I saw that this restaurant was close to where I was staying.  Upon walking in I thought I might have made a good choice.  The customers of Zest Szechuan were 90%+ Asian when I was in.  That is always a good sign for an Asian restaurant.  The menu seemed like it had many authentic choices.  I ordered some really delicious dumplings, ...actually, for me they were very memorable dumplings.  I ordered some beef noodles as my entree and they were good, but not amazing.  I think if I came back a few times I would be able to find some real gems on the menu which would keep me coming back (and maybe raise my rating to 5 stars).  I think I would order stir fry next time.  During my visit, the service was very attentive and the servers were very busy.  When I went in it was packed at 7:30 pm on a Thursday.  The restaurant was pretty loud and a little cramped, but this was not a big negative.  The decor was simple and the restaurant was clean and neat.  Prices were totally reasonable.  All in all, this place was a total do again.
I came here wanting Szechuan food and found this place on yelp. I got the wonton in chili oil and the Chong qing noodles. I loved both!!! Especially the wontons. They were different than usual because the skin was softer! Maybe they boiled it longer? The noodles have that numbing spicy taste which I love but it's not actual hot spice. Next time I want to try the fish and the seafood plate with a big party. Everyone else was ordering it around us but since there was only 2 of us I didn't want to order so much. I'll be back! This place gets crowded so you'll have to wait. Also the lady in the front is super nice and accommodating to customers! :) which is unheard of in this city
Not really authentic Szechuan dishes but the food was decent.One of the best hot and sour I tried after a very very long time.I really think they need to control on the oil though....
Bad experience from rude delivery I really love my hometown food, so I also come here to eat it and still call for delivery. But this time I don't get any phone call from restaurant and delivery, maybe about the bad signal in high floor, that's why I cannot call for restaurant to tell them my apt number. Sorry for inconvenience, but the delivery's altitude is so bad, it makes me very embarrassed to hear the loud censure from him. I don't fight back because I know in this case I have responsibility, but I hope please pay attention to what you say and do. I had same experience before, but the another delivery man was much much better! I hope we both have more understanding, and build a peaceful environment!
Disclaimer: I did not taste the food since well over an hour and half wait later, I have yet to receive what I ordered - 2 dishes: B4 Hot & Spicy Lamb Filets and SF17 Seafood Tofu Pot.Based on the encouraging Yelp reviews, I decided to give Zest Szechuan a try as I recently moved to the neighborhood. The restaurant is located 13 minutes away per Google, by WALKING. Now below is a timeline:Order placed on Seamless: 6:45PMAdvertised delivery time: 40 - 50 min [to arrive by 7:35PM]Considering it is Friday night after all, I called the restaurant at 7:45PM, exactly an hour after placing the order and I was told that the delivery guy is on his way. Cool, understandable, I shall wait...Fast forward, it is 8:37PM now, still no food in sight...Conclusion: called Seamless, requested refund and Zest Szechuan, please keep your food and make sure that your delivery staff is not still walking the 13 minute distance somewhere in the city...UPDATED: At 8:45PM my order arrived [after a refund was issued by Seamless]. However, the paper receipt shows the order was put in exactly right after I called at 7:45PM. Sneaky you, Zest Szechuan!Dilemma: I actually love the food. Both dishes are authentic and delicious! The question remains - Will I order from the restaurant again in the future? Yes, but definitely NOT on a Friday evening.
Came from Boston to NYC to simply hang out and try different foods in a different city for the weekend and stumbled upon this low-key eatery.  I ordered the braised fish fillets in chili oil and it was nicely fluff and light all around. The best part of any meal would obviously have to be the sauce, but I did not feel like this sauce, which tasted more on the oily side, did any justice for sichuan foods. Also, there was too much chili flakes in comparison to actual chili peppers in the dish. I was somewhat satisfied with the order, but I must say it only left me yearning for more sichuan style foods since the menu did have other dishes that look pretty appetizing.Despite the mediocre rating, I would not mind coming back to try other dishes!
I have heard of Zest Szechuan for a while until recently gave it a try. It was really good and authentic Sichuan food with an acceptable spicy rate. The peanut rice cake was superb! Poached chicken with chili was also great. Three of us cleared the plate five minutes after it was served. The fried dishes were also wonderful! Although grilled fish is super popular there, personally I'm not a huge fan. I'd prefer all the other dishes, which seems ordinary but truly exhibits chef's kungfu in the kitchen.
First off, a HUGE thank you to Lisa and her hard-working team at Zest Szechuan for having us at their lovely Midtown restaurant a couple weeks back! Lisa graciously offered about a month ago to have myself and a friend to try out her restaurant, which we excitedly accepted. I love Szechuan food, and for those unfamiliar with the cuisine, Szechuan is a province in China known for spicy foods. We were able to figure out a time with Lisa, so that day we arrived at the restaurant for dinner. The restaurant was unsurprisingly packed (being midtown on a weekday), but surprisingly seemed full of Chinese (who spoke in Chinese) customers. Lisa greeted us at the front and took us to our table, where she proceeded to seat us and tell us a little bit of history about the restaurant. We ended up going with her suggestions, of tan tan noodles (cold noodles with ground beef in spicy chili oil), the fungus salad (cold wood ear mushroom and other assorted vegetables in a light, slightly spicy sesame oil dressing) as our appetizer, and the whole grilled tilapia fish and green beans for our entrée. The appetizers came out very quickly - it was fresh, authentic, a good amount even for appetizers. The entrees came soon after that, complete with a bowl of white rice each. I was honestly floored by the tilapia entrée - it is essentially a whole tilapia, fileted and placed side by side in a huge metal tray, the kind you find containing food at a buffet. The fish is literally swimming in a chili oil "soup," and is chock-full of whole chili peppers, shredded chili peppers, dried tofu squares, tofu skin, seaweed knots (normally found in Asian soups), peanuts, lotus root slices, potato slices, daikon pieces, bok choy, wide glass noodles, bamboo shoots... the list probably goes on. It was delicious!! Would come back again just for this dish. Lisa mentioned that her father goes down to Chinatown every morning to get 40 or so of these fish, and the number of fish dishes is limited to the amount of fish they get, to ensure freshness and quality for their customers. The green beans were delicious as expected, simple yet one of my favorite dishes to order at a Chinese restaurant. Neither my friend nor me had super huge appetites that night, but we did our best and actualy finished most of the food - I would say the amount of food we got was probably good for 4 people, especially because the fish dish was so large. I am so thankful for the opportunity to try out Zest Szechuan, I definitely know where I'm taking family next time they visit me in the city! Thankful for the hospitality of the servers and huge thanks to Lisa for having us for dinner that night. It made my week!
I have to say that Zest was one of the few instances where Yelp disappointed me. Perhaps we ordered the wrong things, or maybe it was an off night... But as someone who was born in Sichuan and grew up on Sichuan dishes, it's one of the cuisines I can confidently say I know well - and what we recieved at Zest Szechuan was far from representative of it. At first glance, the venue looked promising. It's a relatively new, brightly-lit restaurant located in the Bryant Park area, and, at least on the night we visited, almost all other diners were Chinese. The menu has a broad range of traditional Sichuan dishes which are moderately priced in line with the neighborhood. But things started going downhill from there.I don't typically focus on the service, but I still remember how our absent-minded server spent the majority of his time at the counter talking to the staff instead of minding his tables; we had to ask multiple times for water or rice, and his attitude came off as borderline rude towards the end of the evening. The food didn't help ameliorate the situation, either. We ordered a handful of dishes to share between the three of us, and they arrived haphazardly to our table with no semblance of pacing or timing.There was the 担担面, which didn't have enough sauce to coat the noodles and fell short in flavor and spice. The sparse serving of ground pork didn't help matters either, and we all thought longingly to the delicious bowl we'd all fallen for at Han Dynasty... And then the 夫妻肺片, the signature "Husband and Wife" dish. Done well, this dish should feature thinly sliced beef and tendon which should be marinated in spicy-savory chili oil sauce made fragrant by cilantro and scallions; here, it was a thickly cut, sloppily comprised dish that had too much oil and not even flavor or aromatics. Perhaps the worst dish of the night was the 口水鸡, or "Mouthwatering Chicken, a dish that should feature slices of tender poached chicken in a cold chili broth. Here, what we received were slippery, flavorless chunks of chicken that seemed to consist mostly of bone lightly coated in a bland, gelatinous sauce. My friend thought the texture was too similar to that of raw chicken, and didn't want to eat more than his first bite.The larger, more entree-style dishes are the reason we didn't leave immediately. The 鱼香肉丝, or Shredded Pork in Garlic Sauce, was the saving grace of the night, with juicy slices of pork tossed in the fragrant garlic chili sauce with bamboo, wood ear mushrooms, celery, and pepper. The 水煮牛肉, or Beef Slices in a Chili Sauce, was also satisfying, with a good portion of beef and napa cabbage in a spicy chili broth; the sauce was on the thinner and runnier side, however, and we all thought it could have used more spice and peppercorns.I was hoping to find another solid Sichuan restaurant to add to my rotation, but unfortunately, Zest Szechuan falls pretty far from that list.
Hands down worst chinese takeout in 15 years of ordering from dozens of places all over NYC. Pork dumplings were almost all RAW inside. Probably got some raw pork in the 3 I ate before finding a completely raw one so I'm waiting to see if I'll be spending the night in the hospital. Good times! The general tso's Chicken had absolutely no sauce. So it was just deep friend chicken with no flavor what so ever. The pork fried rice had so much soy sauce in it that the rice was almost black and so salty that it was inedible. A $40 good order with 2 completely inedible dishes and one raw, food poisoning hazard.
Came here with my girlfriend for dinner. Will definitely be coming back.The restaurant interior is very modern and clean - a great place to come with family, friends, or a date. Very spacious, and even has a second floor that seats larger parties of 10+.Food was absolutely amazing. We ordered dan dan noodles, soup filled dumplings, Chong Qing chicken, and the Chong Qing Grilled Fish. Everything was cooked perfectly and tasted authentic (we were told their new head chef has cooked authentic szechuan food for decades). Our favorite was the Grilled Fish (their signature dish). It's served as a whole fish on a heated pot with potatoes, bok choy, lotus roots, and flat homemade noodles. Crispy on the outside and tender on the inside - the fish meat literally falls off the bones and requires very little work to eat! Served with a side of white or brown rice. Portions are HUGE so definitely come hungry.Was also impressed with their friendly and attentive servers. Our food was prepared and served quickly, and our napkins were replaced when they were running low. Definitely made our dining experience feel very relaxed and homey.I'm usually not the biggest fan of chinese food, but I have to say the dining experience here tonight was one I'll remember! Definitely will be coming back sometime in the near future.
This might just be the best Chinese food I've had in my life. This place has amazing food at normal prices rather than insane NYC prices and is the most modern looking Chinese restaurant you'll ever see. They have "authentic" items as well as "Americanized" items on the menu so there's something for everyone. If you like a little heat get the Cucumber salad and say yes when they ask if you want it spicy. Do the same with the shredded beef with leeks and you've got a very tasty and spicy meal that isn't too much heat but just enough to do the job. Proud to say I managed to eat my entire meal with chopsticks rather than the fork the friendly waiter brought just in case. If I lived here I'd be a regular, but since I don't I'd come back next time I'm in town.
Delicious Szechuan cuisine on an quieter side street of midtown. Discovered this since my mother and I wanted to try out something different but stick to Chinese in general.First off, the place is clean. Ordered the wontons in Szechuan sauce as a starter and the sauce is to die for! I would put that on everything.For entrees, I ordered the shredded beef in garlic sauce and the beef fried rice. Unique flavors to the shredded beef in garlic but in retrospect I wish I ordered the beef or lamb with cumin since those flavors are more customary to Szechuan cooking. The beef fried rice  was served with an ample portion and had a wok soy sauce taste - something I always look for in Chinese fried rice. Next time, I intend to try the grilled fish, which comes on a huge grill and looks awesome! For sure, stop by this place when you're in the area.
Got the sliced pork in garlic sauce, dan dan noodles, mala dry pot, and fatty beef in sour mustard greens soup.  The flavor of the dry pot was on another level compared to the ones in Flushing (while delicious, always seemed suspicious). Sliced pork was great, especially the spicy garlic sauce. Another favorite was the soup, while the name is sorta hard to translate (酸汤肥牛...sour soup fatty beef???), the flavor was hearty and rich yet didn't leave you dying due to the sour mustard greens.The dan dan noodles were good, but paled in comparison to the other dishes. 10/10 would come back!
This is officially my new favorite Sichuan restaurant in the times square/bryant park area. I ordered the la zha ji,it tasted very juicy on the inside with a good amount of heat from the chilis and sichuan peppercorn. I also ordered the wonton with chili oil, it was not as good as other places I have tried. But it was definitely a close 2nd, it was a little spicy, a little sweet, with just a touch of a nutty flavor. One interesting thing I found about it was that it was not oily at all, it was actually more like a broth than an oil tbh. Normally when I go to a chinese restaurant, I don't usually expect much in terms of service. This place though actually had pretty good service, the waitress I had was friendly and fast and overall did a good job. I'll definitely be going there again to try some of their other dishes.
When I walked in the restaurant, I see everyone eating different dishes that were all on a rack and it looked delicious. But because i wasn't as hungry for such a big portion like that, I decided not to order it. But definitely will go back to try! It looked SOO good. Also, nice service and looks very clean (probably cause the walls are white, like REALLY white)Food came out quick. I got the: 1) Ma Po Tofu - nice and simple, loved it!2) Braised fish (talapia) in chili oil - came in a BIG bowl. They included the head and the tail, which I could've have done without haha. But the talapia was SO good. Even if you finished all the fish, you can take the stew home, heat it up with some noodles, and eat that the next day. I did it and it was still delicious haha3) Dan dan noodlesHmmmmmm not my favorite dish. It was kinda...bland? Not enough sauce/seasoning. I like the one from Cafe China much more. Came in a small-medium bowl and I didn't finish it.
1)  Beautiful menus with great pics of the dishes. 2)  Sometimes I call to place an order and get a very friendly woman, other times I call and get some rude sounding guy.  They have a lunch special that is a great deal, but sometimes they don't honor it if you call 5 mins prior to 3 (when it is over).  Strange.  3)  The place looks extremely clean, but they have a grade pending sign...so not sure what the kitchen is like.  4)  The food is always fine, but not so consistent.  Sometime it is excellent and sometimes it just ok/good. Overall, I like the place, but wish they would work on customer service and consistency.
Craving spicy Szechuan food and having a hard time finding an authentic place to beat your spicy palate? Zest Szechuan would be your perfect choice if you happen to be in Midtown area.Strongly recommend their spicy grilled fish, with the help of their special pepper sauce that made the meat even more flavorful. Definitely do not omit the vegetables, as they have completely absorbed the soup base and carried a strong spicy flavor. Girls should try their sautéed pig's trotter - the skin was so soft that it almost melt in my mouth. Well done!Chinese place is always associated with less-than-satisfactory sanitary and service conditions; however Zest proved the opposite. Felt like I discovered a hidden gem in this location and will be back for more hearty food!
This review is regarding delivery service.I was in the mood for Chinese and noticed this new joint pop up on m Seamless list.  The place didn't look familiar but the menu seemed pretty attractive, so I decided to place an order.As for the actual delivery, the folks here were pretty fast and got here ahead of the estimated time (which for some reason was far longer than what was indicated on the app).  It was also pleasant to see someone from a Chinese restaurant who wasn't rude or surly when it comes to delivery.In terms of the food, it was a real pleasant surprise.  Maybe I'm just used to the generally uninspired, shitty Chinese take-out quality food that is normal for a lot of the restaurants outside of the city's usual Chinese enclaves like Chinatown, Flushing etc.  Here the food actually tasted rather legit and decent.The scallion pancakes were flaky and not as greasy as the crap that many other places in my area serve.  The pan fried dumplings were flavorful and the dumpling skin was light and not thick like a leather bag.  The kung pao chicken was well-cooked, flavorful and hit the mark well.  In short, this place serves food that actually tastes like decent Chinese food.While this was only my first delivery experience, at least it was a solid first impression.  Here's to hoping they can maintain their standards in the future.
This is a solid choice for Sichuan, but not truly mind blowing flavors as you mind find at other restaurants. It is a nice, clean restaurant with friendly service, but things like the grilled fish didn't quite stack up to to other places I have had.
What have I been missing out on? Any place that offers a good lunch special, I am in. And I have been back here multiple times within weeks. It is that good.First of all, this restaurant is spacious for a midtown establishment. It has tables that are good for solo diners and groups (parties of 2 or 4). There is also a waiting area for the lunch take-out crowd.The lunch special (11:30am - 3:00pm, Mon - Sat) is priced at $8.25 (after tax). With 20% tip, it comes out to be just under $10. And how nice that they don't have credit card minimum. The lunch special menu is expansive, make sure to stop by before 12:30pm if you want to either be seated immediately or have the minimal wait-time for your take-out. During my first visit, I tried a Szechuan classic - shredded pork in garlic sauce. It came with a small cup of soup (hot & sour, wonton, or egg drop). The portion size was rather generous. My meal was flavorful and the ingredients were pretty spot on. I ordered it mild so I wouldn't be too overwhelmed by the spiciness. I was happy that they could accommodate my special request. Since then, I have also tried its Double-sauted Pork and Beef Chow Fun. Both delicious! I highly recommend dining in because the take-out dishes (for the same entree) tend to be a little more greasy. If you were to call to place an order, provide your phone number, first name, and your lunch (meal) choice.Food is ready about 5 - 10 minutes after you order. So if your lunch break is only 30 minutes, you could probably make it here. This ain't your Chinese Wok take-out restaurant. Rather, they serve authentic Chinese/Szechuan food at a great price. Service was friendly (and servers speak fluent English), another huge plus for midtown.Just when I was about to exhaust my K-town lunch special options, I stumbled upon West 39th Street. I'm sure I will be back at W 39th Street again very soon, as I am pleasant surprised by how many cheap lunch spots are located on this block.
I gave this place a second try for lunch today, the lunch value is way below average comparing to so many other Szechuan places around mid-town. 1st time ordered shredded beef w/ spicy green chili leeks, and wontons in chili sauce.There was very little beef in the dish which was ok, but the wontons.... they were disasters. They used the same wontons as the kind you can find in a typical american Chinese wonton soup.... total value:0 Def avoid!This time I tried beef tendon noodle soup. there were 2 and a half small beef chunks in the soup. period. And this is not their lunch special. It's a regular dish on the menu.Flavor: 2.5 Portion: 0 Nutrition value: -1 Total value: 0 If you're ordering for lunch, the Szechuan place 2 doors down is way better.
So being raised by an Asian family, I have pretty high standards for legit authentic Chinese food . After having a whole bunch of pastries and whatnot , I was craving for some Szechuan cuisine . Walking through midtown, I stumbled upon this little gem and was pleasantly satisfied .First off , it has an extensive menu , so even if you're not a fan of spicy food , there's def something else you can enjoy . But srsly , it's hot grilled dishes are really spot on . The ambience is also clean and well organized . Overall it's a great place to indulge in some awesome Chinese food !
It was one of those days when we (me and hubs) were craving for some good spicy szechuan food and as we were walking to our regular spot, we happened to come across this restaurant on the way. The place looked fairly new and less crowded. But we still thought about giving it a shot. We ordered the stir fried string beans and the fish hot pot. The food was delicious. We would be certainly coming here again to try out some other dishes.
New kid on the block! I had to give it a chance. Sadly, it became quite clear after having lunch at Zest Szechuan today that it is nothing more than another mediocre addition to the crowded Midtown chili pepper landscape.Choosing this spot was a pretty bold move considering the copious Sichuan options on offer literally within 1 block of each other. You have Lan Sheng right across the street (fairly solid), Szechuan Gourmet (meh), and Savour Sichuan (mehhh). What does Zest have to offer that's new?Not much apparently. The barebone interior says it all: Zest will be mostly focused on the  under $10 lunch worker-bee set and take out. Perhaps one could fare better by staying away from the lunch specials? Nein. All three dishes turned out to be mediocre.- Dan dan noodles: like bread at an Italian restaurant, this is my measuring stick. If you can't make dan dan noodles you can't do much else right. I received a generous serving, and it actually looked quite appetizing, but the white bleached noodles had no chewiness whatsoever. There was too little of the pickled veggie/meat sauce to evenly distribute among the noodles. The chili oil sauce was spicy but not numbing. I could make this dish myself 3x better. - Marinated Tofu Sheets w. Shiitake & Bamboo Shoots: not bad. The tofu sheets were yummy, but the stuffing was not particularly interesting. Some minced carrots and woodears would have done wonders in terms of diversifying the flavors. - Wonton soup: the wontons did not taste fresh.They've got some things to work out, food wise, service wise. Maybe I'll be back one day. For now, I'll stick with Cafe China.**Side note, it appears that 7 out of the 10 reviews so far were written by accounts with 1 review. Come on guys....
We went in a little skeptical, seeing as the restaurant was quite empty,  but figured "Hey. It's Monday, and it looks fairly new, so maybe not many people know it yet." But our benefit of a doubt was not rewarded. Let me break it down to 3 parts: the food, the service, and the ambience.Food itself was alright though way too salty and not spicy enough considering this is Szechuan food. We got the Spicy Hot Pot, Hot & Spicy Ribs, Beans with Minced Pork, and Xiao Long Bao. The hot pot wasn't hot enough and cooled down within 10 mins into eating. Neither was Hot & Spicy Ribs hot. The beans needed to be less soggy/soft. I understand its Midtown, so "spicy" is not really spicy, but if you lower the spice level, you must also lower the oil and salt. And thte rice was kind of cold... Portions were good and 2 dishes for 2 people would be enough. Service was lacking. While they noticed when we called and came promptly, there seemed a lot of forgetfulness or lacking in thought put into actions. The Beans with Minced Pork wasn't supposed to be spicy according to the menu and server, so we asked them to add chilies to make it spicy. It came without the chili so we had to ask them to take it back in to add the chilies. I would get it if the chef forgot because there were many orders but there were only 2 couples besides us. The Xiao Long Bao came without any condiments, and when I asked for vinegar with some stripped ginger, soy sauce came with exactly 2 thin strips of ginger.There's not much to say about the ambience other than dead quiet. The place looked either new or newly renovated. No background music or anything other than the occasional clang of plates or wok from the back, which I presume came from the kitchen. It was only after my sister mentioned the music 5 times in our quiet conversation that Kenny G's saxophone melody started playing softly. Yup, we were talking fairly quietly yet they probably still heard us in that silence. While Chinese restaurants sometimes don't play background music, that's only because it's crowded and noisy enough that you don't need it.Overall, I was disappointed. They need to get better on the food and the service. As for ambience, just keep some kind of soft music in the background and they don't have to fix much in that area.
Best Szechuan restaurant! I am from Chong Qing, which is famous for Szechuan spicy food. Having tried so many other Szechuan restaurant in NYC, this one beats any of other in either taste, or price, or food portion. (Ther are some good ones with much higher price)It reminds me what I used to eat in my hometown. It's just soooo good!
Finding a dynamite Szechuan restaurant in mid-town Manhattan whose prices are very reasonable was real surprise.  About two blocks from the New York Public Library Zest quickly fills with Chinese patrons.  The fact that the diners know that this restaurant is the real deal is made us confident about our choice.  I alone had Hot and Sour soup.  It was the best I have ever had.  What made it so great was the richness of the broth and the depth of its flavor.  I knew the rest of our choices would be great.  Pot Stickers, Typhoon Fish, Soup Dumplings and Smoked Tea Duck were all delicious.Do yourself a favor and join all the ethnic Chinese who have made Zest so popular.  Come early, choose a variety of items and enjoy!!!
I met here with a friend recently for dinner, and like many Midtown Chinese restaurants (of which there are a surprisingly high number, especially of the Szechuan variety), it wasn't that difficult getting a seat. Unlike most of the other places, though, the finishes in Zest felt a bit more modern, which gave it a nicer, cleaner feel compared to some of the other spots I have been. Service was pretty standard-issue, with food coming out pretty quickly, but it took a little longer to get the check. The menu is relatively straightforward, with the big full-picture items saved for the house specialties. Even though there is no formal alcohol listed, you can score a Tsingtao or a glass of wine (I had a glass of pinot noir, which was a bit warm and unremarkable, but drinkable nonetheless).We ended up averting most of the spicy food, and perhaps that contributed to my overall sentiment about the food - decent, but lacking a bit of the panache that can come with fish and meat soaked with chili oils. The dan dan noodles were probably the spiciest dish we had, and unsurprisingly the most flavorful as well. The noodles were a bit thinner than I have had previously - not quite vermicelli-like thinness, but it allowed them to soak in a bit more of the chili and bring the heat. At $7 for a decent-sized dish, it is a very solid value. We also did the soup dumplings - not a great deal at 4 for $8 - but the broth, surprisingly, was quite rich and plentiful. The skin on the dumplings was on the thick side, though, and every dumpling was on the edge of disaster when it came to pulling it off the bottom of the steamer without breaking. As for the mains - they were okay as well, if not too spectacular. I did like the typhoon fish filets, which were lightly fried and (very) generously doused with what seemed like fried garlic chips, or something similarly equivalent. It was a bit overkill on that part, as each bite became progressively crunchier, but the flavoring was quite nuanced and full-bodied despite not having any liquid sauce in sight. The smoked duck was a bit less interesting; the pieces of duck breast with no bones had a very nice aroma to each bite, but very many pieces were bony and did not have a ton of meat on them.While the prices are reasonable here, you are probably paying more in Midtown than what you would pay for something similar in Chinatown. I do appreciate the calmer, more modernized ambiance in the restaurant, and I would probably come back to try some of the more Szechuan-inspired dishes, even if it did mean I would be breaking more of a sweat. The other Chinese cuisine we had was pretty average on balance otherwise.
I experienced the worst fish here...I came from Szechuan and I never had such awful food. I hope they can change their attitude and open the restaurant with a sincere heart. They should change the cook. You know the price is not inexpensive but the dishes are not qualified. I'm worrying that the food here will make people from across the world mistaken and disappointed about Szechuan food.
I had a grilled fish that day. it's very spicy and tasty, but nothing really special, just like an average Szechuan restaurant. However, the reason I give three stars because they were preparing close while I was eating. Yelp says they close at 10pm but they were already  bleaching the floors around 9:30... the smell made my appetite goes way immediately. I don't think I'll go back again.
The Szechuan food here is okay. Some dishes were good such as the four season string beans and the couple liver, however the remainder of it was mediocre when compared to other Szechuan restaurants.I will say though the service is not that bad. In addition, there is a lot of space. Would only recommend if nearby Szechuan places are booked out.
I came here right before closing on a weekday. I was seated and told to make an order quickly (which I perfectly understand). I got the dan dan noodles and the cold appetizer dish with different meat cuts. The dan dan noodles were strange - it tasted like it had peanut sauce, which I was not expecting; I've had a variety of dan dan noodles and none of them have ever had peanut sauce in it. The noodles were pretty stuck together too, although they were quite chewy. Sauce was okay, not super spicy or delicious. The appetizer was good, not too drenched in oil. But for almost $10 for the dish, it was quite small. Bill came out to be about $18 post-tax, pretty pricey for the amount of food I got. Not an amazing place, definitely have had better Szechuan food.
Mid way through my dish, I found a piece of metal wire in my food. This is unacceptable.
We didn't get the signature fish (was sold out), the other dishes are okay-ish.The environment is very clean and service was good.
Bad food, awful service. Beef is hard to chew, chicken has weird smell & taste. WORST restaurant ever. Will never come again EVER
This is where real Chinese people come to eat. Seriously, you walk in and there's Chinese music playing and everyone looks fresh off the plane (not in a derogatory way, just in terms of cultural markers) and you're like okay is this China? Sans jetlag? Cool; rad.We came here for a family friend's birthday (a real Chinese gal) at her recommendation. The food is excellent and very authentic. The mapo tofu was a real winner. Good xiao long bao too. The fish was yummy and the kung pao chicken was okay.The service is fine - when we came in, the place was close to empty, but they chose to place our party of 6 (of which only 2 of us were present at the time) at a rickety wobbly table right near a door where men were coming in and out with containers of seafood that my ignorant eye could not identify. When we asked to move to a more stable table (I'm a poet) they were immediately obliging, but I feel like they should figure out where the best table in the place is if they're trying to impress someone who took the time to make a reservation (and I'm not speaking for myself, as I did not make the reservation). Then again, maybe I am being presumptuous and they have no excessive desire to impress. Good for them! Staying humble and stuff. Okay. We also had to ask for water initially - I know this restaurant is China and all, but in all seriousness, this is America, and we're really into hydrating. After that, though, they were really good about refilling. And everyone who works here is nice.The ambiance is kind of a free-for-all - one of our party requested that they please turn the TV on and put on a football game, and they did, and the volume was up so high - not uncomfortably so, but high enough - that everyone in the restaurant turned their heads when a random old white guy started singing the national anthem. Actually, in retrospect, that's probably more the fault of the 18-year-old heterosexual male member of our party than of the restaurant. I apologize on his behalf.Five stars for food, four for service, three for ambiance - the decor is very grey and I heard several complaints about the flat chairs being unkind to bony butts.Oh, and they'll sing Happy Birthday unprompted and embarrass the living daylights out of the Birthday Person. Very sweet. And they'll put candles on the cake for you.All in all, a delightful evening.
I went to Zest Szechuan for lunch on thursday afternoon. They have lunch special for $10 per person Whole experience was disaster waiter brought one dish and didn't bring the rest of the food until I stood up and came over to the cashier and yelled at herWhole atmosphere is hectic and disorganized. Manager in a short dress with hair out handling dishes from the kitchen with bare hands touching everyone's food.Food itself is NOT good. very greasy and completely tasteless but Service is just TERRIBLEWhen I approached manager with a comment "Service Was really bad" she just shrugged her shoulders and turned around! Places like this should be shutdown and inspected thoroughly for violationsI do NOT recommend this experience to anybody
Wow, had the most excellent meal here when in NYC on my last business trip. The owners of this restaurant are avery hardworking and friendly couple. They treat their staff well and everyone has a smile to the service. We came in a large group and ordered about 10 dishes. Every dish was authentic and so well made. I have to say that the traditional dishes were great. But the standouts were the spicy kidney and whole friend fish. These are prob not the usual dishes that someone would order but this place makes signature dishes out of these two. Also, the desserts were excellent so save room.
An OK Szechuan restaurant.  A healthier version of Szechuan food: not salty, not spicy. Americanized Szechuan food would be more accurate.  The order taking girl is fairly sweet nice and pretty.  Definitely is an authentic Chong Qing origin, where it s known for generating the most beautiful girls in the entire China there). It is Mid town price for sure.  A "grilled" (actually fried) whole fish along with bean sprouts, tofu,seaweeds, potato slices, lotus slices, cabbages mushrooms is $29.95. Not an authentic Szechuan grilled fish, unfortunately! It s just a very watery fish cooked in light hot pot sauce.  Bland. Is it in a healthier version?! Should I say? Sesame chicken is typical Americanized diced chicken battered with thick starch then in soy sauce. Small portion with broccoli for $7.60. The plus is the place is clean. Seriously if want true Szechuan dishes. Chef Wang in New Hyde Park is the place PERIOD! After Chef Wang, then you may say you had Szechuan food.
Wow don't come here at 9:30 on a Sunday they will make sure you know they close at 10pm. When I walked in the lady was on the phone, sounded Like she was on a personal call. I asked if they were still open and she shood me away Felt rushed the entire time. Meanwhile people sitting down are taking their time and eating their food. They were pacing back and forth rushing me to order.I was going to eat there and order something to go but after feeling like they were going to kick me out, I just ordered my food for there and said forget the Togo order.Food was okay,  nothing special
This was a great dining experience. Went there with my wife and 3 kids for dinner. Great, warm and accommodating service from everyone. The food was fantastic, very good quality raw materials, cooked with a home made feel. The crispy spicy fried shrimp and the pork belly stood out. We'll definitely be coming back when we're back at Midtown!
#Mapo Tofu lunch special was a good amount of food. I coughed for the first few bites because it was #so spicy. A little mouth numbness. I knew I was going to regret it after. #Good deal overall.
Strangely to recommend this restaurant. It's so nice, foods are so delicious so lovely!It's 100% authentic Chinese food!
Found on Google maps. Followed the link to their online order menu. Placed an order by the numbers on that menu. Paid for the order. After it came out it turns out that their online menu was old and almost everything was wrong. When we explained that their online menu was wrong told them what it should have been they wouldn't make us what we originally wanted unless we paid for the additional dishes as well. So they took our money, gave us what we didn't want, and wouldn't fix it unless we paid them more. What we got wasn't even very good. Never going back.
Service was good. All waiters we encountered were friendly and accommodating.I went with a friend and we two girls ordered one grilled whole fish standard size. That's about the right portion for us, since we were not not too hungry. I feel we could certainly eat one more side dish if we want. The taste was ok. Medium spicy. The vegetables minced in the broth tasted better and had richer flavored than the fish. My biggest complaint would be on the oily broth. It's simply too oily.Despite the flaw in flavors, I'm still giving it 4 stars because of the authenticity, the price (we paid under $20 each for dinner), the scarce find in midtown Manhattan, and overall a pleasant dining experience.
First time here. The interior decor was nice, but not as nice as I expected after reading other reviews. I would describe it as basic. The service was impersonable, and during my meal I heard my server explaining to a patron that he was unsure when his tea would be ready based on some issue with boiling. IDK what that was about, but questionable.My biggest issue was probably my dish. I got the shredded pork off the lunch menu, and sadly it was a giant plate of pork and then a bowl of brown rice. (One plus is that you are not charged more for brown rice). I was not given a plate on which I could put the pork on a bed of rice, nor was I able to get the server's attention to ask for one.I likely wouldn't come back. In NYC, there are better options nearby.
Beef noodle soup, soup dumplings, Tsingtao. Just perfect. Clean, slight frills restaurant, really friendly and fast service, smiled at my amateurish chopstick skills, and dropped off unbelievably delicious food at a good price. Felt like I was back finding small gems in Shanghai.
I thought the dishes were a little too salty and oily for my taste, and not what I was used to. Maybe Szechuan cuisine in general is not for me. It's a lot of spices and flavors, but at the same time bland and lacking something. However, the people who went with me were much more familiar with Szechuan dishes and they thought it was better than what they had in china. They were very happy about the food, and really wanted to go back for a second time!
The Braise fish and spicy diced chicken is so delicious.
Have to say. This is the first time I have got sick from eating Chinese food since I got to NYC. It has been a couple years now.We ordered chong qing grill fish last night. The fish was deeply fried. Now I am thinking. That might be the reason as you couldn't really tell it was fresh or not. It also might be the thick spicy oil that making the dish. I felt sick at 7 am as my stomach still felt really full and I felt like throwing up. Before the bedtime, I felt really full and thought the feeling would go away, but I was not sick. Then early in the morning, I woke myself up. I realized I kept turning back and forth with a full stomach, which it didn't make sense as the food is supposed to be digested after all those hours. Later on, it got worse. The taste of the fish kept coming back to my mouth. I was in extreme stomach pain and wanted to throw up.Other dishes we ordered were cumin beef and Kong pao chicken and eggplant.FYI: Food poisoning can be anywhere from a few hrs to a day or two after ingestion.
Terrible service! We never even got our food after waiting for 45 minutes. The restaurant wasn't even busy; most of its tables were still empty. The waitress kept ignoring me or saying the food would be right out. The food never came.
Authentic and tastes so good, went with a group of friends. Ordered tenon & tripe, sliced fish and chicken w peppers, and lamb etc. Tastes so good. The service is also very friendly. I personally like the chicken w peppers best. Also, their restroom is very clean, and this is very important. I once went to a Korean bakery with beautiful decor and nice-looking breads, but their restroom is dirty and not cleaned timely, which for sure undermined the overall experience.
love the food!! Very authentic and love the lady boss here! Very welcoming and make feel like home. Definitely recommend dan dan noodles!! And soup dumplings
We ordered online for pickup. The dish names were all mixed up on the online menu. Got the order and got confused because the dishes were called something completely different. The noodles were not cooked properly and were more like lumps of flour. Kung Pao chicken had more peanuts than chicken. The taste was terrible. Both my wife and I got a bad stomach after the food.
This is a very solid Szechuan restaurant in the area where there are mostly other szechuan chinese restaurants.The lunch special is what I get here and it's a really good meal and a ton of food for the $8.25.  Their lunch selection is pretty huge and when all the items come in their own little box - you and your friends/coworkers can order 3 or 4 and have a nice family style lunch!  That's what we did today and we're all extremely full!The lunch meal comes with a small half size fried egg roll, a soup, a small container of rice and your item that you ordered from the menu.  All combined in total it's a lot of food!
Arrived at 6.43Pm the resturant was very clean and moderately busy. The resturant has modern English diner style decor with booths and tables. Ordered Chilli Cucumber and Small Hot and Sour soup as appetizers along with Stir Fried Egg noodles with Chicken.Hot & Sour Soup : was served warm to piping hot , flavouring was on the moderate side and could have used vegs and meat to complete the dish, not the best I have eaten.Chilli Cucumber: lacked spicy flavour and was quite under seasoned. Had mild notes of garlic and some kind of very mild chilli oil and sesame seed oil. over all was quite dissapointing.Stir Fried Egg Noodles with Chicken: seems like a theme with this resturant aging on the very milder side noodles glistening with oil but lacking the essential flavours. all I could taste was sesame seed oil.All in all an over priced Cantonese flavoured cousine which is no was near szechuan. a total dissapoitment.
Restaurant wrote back... which is nice, prompting a bump to 2 stars instead of 1.  But the reply first "apologizes" then proceeds to blame me, which underlies how much it doesn't seem to understand customer service.  Let's assume I did not communicate clearly (even though I did), and the restaurant made an honest mistake in its recommendation, which I then corrected after much effort, as a result I gave a critical feedback on yelp because the experience was unpleasant.  Why is the reply from the restaurant essentially: "we are very sorry you had a bad experience, but it's your communication problem.  I.e. your fault"  Why does the restaurant think further antagonizing or embarrassing its customer is necessary or smart? Once again, a warning to future customers that the restaurant's reply only highlighted: it may try to needlessly up sell you instead of listening to what you want, then blame the customer.  Perhaps that's just me, but I am not the only one giving a negative feedback on the restaurant's poor service or communication quality.  Can't believe I spent 15 minutes of my life on this... haha.   To the restaurant: your food is decent but this is NYC.  A dozen restaurants open in the city per week, 80%+ fail.  Here's the interesting fact: as many fail because of bad service as because of bad food.  The service I experienced, unfortunately, wouldn't have met any reasonable person's standard.
This place has decent food with good regular Chinese food and Szechuan options. There are some good spicy options as well. The service was terrible though. We ordered lunch specials, which came with soup. They completely forgot to give us the soup, so we had it after our meals. My only other complaint is that the health inspection sign has a grade C. You need many violations to get a C.
Best grilled spicy fish in the city!!! So amazing!!! I would like to recommend to people who wanna try the authentic Szechuan food from the beginning. Taste of hometown
Never again. I was recommended this place as it's close to my office.  I ordered the stir fried chicken (white meat) and peppers for lunch... I've never had chicken that looked or tasted like what I received.  It was literally chewing back, as if I was chewing on a gummy bear.  My coworker who recommended the place, also ordered from there for lunch and she also said her food was terrible.  She thinks they changed chefs, but regardless, nothing that was purchased was palatable.  I will not waste another cent on this place.
I ordered delivery for lunch to the office. The food isn't really very good. Nothing tasted fresh. The dumplings tasted like they were frozen. The meat in the rice was mushy and slimy. Prepaid the tip and the guy didn't even bother to come into the building. He called me to come outside to get my delivery. Pretty disappointing experience.
In search for authentic grilled fish I found this place. The fish was OK, not exactly what I'm looking for but already closer to the original ones than most Chinese Szechuan restaurants. Price is a little bit high, but dishes are generally above average.
This was a real cozy restaurant although from the outside it appeared to be a typical takeout place. The food was great and the service matched the food. My family and I settled on some traditional dishes (shrimp fried rice, vegetable pan fried noodles, broccoli with fresh garlic) since it was our first visit. Plan to visit again the next time I am in the area.
Came back again! This time I brought my husband. He doesn't like seafood, but he fell in love with the Chong Qing Grilled Fish. OMG it was too delicious!! We couldn't finish so we took it back home. Heated up next day, it was still amazingWe have been to many Szechuan restaurants. This one has very traditional Chinese tasting dishes. One of the best Chinese restaurant with the affordable price!
Discovered Zest Szechuan last week while in town for a work gig.When I looked in the windows, there were only Asian faces to be seen.  I consider that a good sign in any Asian restaurant and extra-important in a midtown joint!  I settled in and twice politely refused the well-intended offering of a fork.  (I'm not Asian, and the fork offerings were friendly and caring because, well, there's just no way of knowing if your guests have good chopstick skills...)  I ordered Dan Dan Noodles and Hot & Spicy Prawns - more than enough for one person and I had leftover shrimp for dinner on the train home next day.  I was asked if I wanted my prawns served shell-on, to which I enthusiastically responded "Yes!"If you've never experienced whole shrimp - really whole: head, legs, shell and all - served this way, they're pretty spectacular.  For whole prawn neophytes, there's a rich, flavorful natural oil in the head and shells that you miss when your shrimp have been peeled.  Yes, you have to chew a few more times, but the flavor and texture are just slam-dunk good!Bottom line: A great dining experience.  Service was friendly, attentive and solid.  My only regret was that I, as a lone diner, didn't get to try other dishes which looked all looked great.  I'll be going back with reinforcements...
Order took 1:40 to arrive almost twice as long as it supposed to. When I called to check, they just say they are busy. Food was too salty and the noodle soup was all soup.
I am a big fan of szechuan food and ordered pork dumplings and stir fried chicken with peppers. Dumplings were nice..could have been better stuffed but chicken was soo bad that i couldn't eat it. It wasn't even properly cooked - a piece would be really tender and then you would get a piece thats totally uncooked.Waste of money.
The quality of food goes straight down once you order it as delivery/take out. They never pay attention to whatever you wrote in the comments section, so if you have any special instruction, don't even bother to write it because they won't read it...Used to be my go to Chinese restaurant for work-day lunch, now don't think I will be ordering from them ever again.
This is a new Chinese restaurant located on 39th, between Szechuan Gourmet Lan Sheng Szechuan Restaurant. I was first excited to find this new place, but the food here turned out to be just so-so. The menu is ordinary-merely a copy of normal Chinese restaurants. We ordered wonton in chili oil as appetizer, shrimp with egg & chicken breast with baby bok choy as two main courses. They were okay... Because no new food in this place, I might choose to stick with the other two Szechuan restaurants on this street.
Short answer: fantastic new Szechuan place in midtown!I normally don't leave Yelp reviews (read: never), but I truly felt that this place deserves more attention. We ordered a few favorites (水煮鱼, 夫妻肺片, 担担面, 鱼香茄子煲), all of which were fantastic: full of flavor and spice, presented delightfully, and more than enough to feed us for at least two or three meals. The restaurant is very clean and looks more like a bright Brooklyn brunch place than your average Manhattan Chinese restaurant. Servers are attentive and polite. Tea was great. Prices are great considering the amount of food. I can go on and on, but really I'm just glad we tried a "hot and new" place. Highly recommended!
Tried pork belly with noodles. Pretty impressed by the nutrition setup. Vegetables, carbo and protein all in one dish. However, the taste isn't stunning good. If you are looking for the best pork belly every, this place will likely let you down. It's most suitable for those looking for a not bad traditional Chinese meal.
The person who delivered the food have a bad attitude. He scream loudly at my friends for not taking his phone call which we never get. We never get any phone call from him, and he just scream madly at us and using horrible language. It is an experience we never thought we would have. He totally ruined our dinner by his lousy attitude.
My usual go to place for Chinese was too crowded so we decided to give this place a try. The food and service are subpar. I had the tofu and it was hard as a rock. It was literally inedible. The staff come by and saw my full order and asked if I was done. Very rude. Won't be going back.
1. Menu is very illustrative so it's easy to get a sense of what you get.2. Really like their signature grilled fish. The spicy sauce is very on point: enough spice but not the kind that gives you running nose. The slightly fired outer layer was probably coated by flavored powder, it also add a hint of flavor to the meat.3. Service was very friendly. Like many Chinese restaurant, they offer hot tea without any charge.
I ordered a deliver and the speed is very fast. Meals are delicious and I should say it is more than it's worth.
So yumm... My friend and I love the chongqing grill fish so much! The fish is big and also with many vegetables in the huge plate. We both are so full. Lol... And the price is not expensive. A very awesome eating experience!
I came here today for my birthday with a group of friends and it was exactly what I wanted. The food was absolutely delicious--spicy, flavorful, great portion sizes, and totally reasonable prices. The service was fast, good, and polite.Honestly I was blown away by the food. Can't stop thinking about it, hours later. Highly highly recommend.
Delicious Szechuan cuisine! Prices range between $19 to $38 for entrees and $11-13 for rice and noodles. The shrimp chow fun was particularly delicious with fresh thick rice noodles. Came in at around 6pm and it was packed with people. Servers were friendly and food came out pretty fast. The tea was great also!
Holy nuggets. The taste was terrible and I don't think the cook avid person knows how to make Chinese food right. Just do not recommend to try... no offense but I had this urge to leave this comment just because the food sucks.
Food is delicious and great! Especially its spicy grilled fish, mixed with bamboos, mushrooms, fried tofu...super tasty!!
The Chongqing noodle tastes ok but if you are familiar with the taste of the authentic Chongqing noodles, you will be disappointed. It is not the same, not even close. The spicy beef lung slices tastes good but it also could be more tasteful with more ingredients.
Yummy grilled fish! Can't beat those I had in China but still very delicious. They change the ingredients from time to time. Still the go to place in Manhattan if you are craving for spicy grilled fish!
Good good Szechuan food! Right next to where I work and they are very authentic for sure! Go try!
It's been a long time since I wrote a Yelp review, but the service here was so outstanding I had to show my love.The food is excellent and the lunch specials are superb.I had to give them 5 stars because for some reason when I ordered online, it didn't give me a soup option for my lunch order.  I called them and corrected it.  They forgot it.  I called them and we tried to negotiate new trades and what not.  They ended up delivering the soup to me and gave me an extra soup.And they were friendly through the whole process and apologized for their mistake.  I'm used to businesses accusing me of wrong doing, which is annoying when it's not true.  Zest was professional, courteous, and went above and beyond to resolve my issue.  I will return here again and spread the good word.  Their food is also delicious!
Amazing food and cooking. Authentic. Only had this type of taste from Chinatown. We had the eggplant, noodles, and dumplings. Definitely coming back for more. Highly recommended!
Wow, one of the best Sichuan restaurant I ever dine in in China and the rest of the world.
Today with my family in zest szechuan dinner together, too many things are my favourite, I like to eat sichuan cuisine, and the taste here, let me think of the taste of China, the same taste! Service is super good! Next time will and friends!
Just had to come back for another round of home-styled spicy dishes...... yeah, will be back again.
Authentic Sichuan cuisine. I have only been here for lunch and it never disappointed me.
The first review I'v ever given, but it was so poor I feel the need to share. Ordered the sweet&sour chicken and got some mush of cold, dark mystery meat. I'd prefer the 5min microwavable rice bag to the carton of brown rice I was served. Not even a healthy dousing of soy sauce and Franks RedHot could save it.  Pretty simple meal to screw up, but they managed to...AND I LOVE CHINA!! Sad..
The food was good, although one of the dishes was a little too salty. The atmosphere was casual. We went with a group of 6 people. They also have rooms for larger groups upstairs. They were pretty fast in terms of serving, and had good recommendations when you asked.
I am hopeful that this restaurant will bring some new life to Szechuan cuisine in midtown manhattan.  I do love the modern black and white decor.  The food is not nearly as spicy as its nearby competitors.  I would prefer a little more kick to the food.  I had the Kung Pao chicken and the Ma Po Tofu.  I must say that Kung Pao chicken disappoints me in most NYC Chinese restaurants--they give you such small amounts of chicken and scallions.  Probably the best Kung Pao chicken I have had this year was in Rome, Italy.  It is not often that I will contend that Chinese restaurants in Maryland are superior to New York City, but when it comes to this single dish--Kung Pao chicken I will argue that point with anyone.  Still, I am hoping this restaurant will bring some culinary creativity to Szechuan cuisine that is lacking in Midtown Manhattan!
The food here is very very average and the Dan Dan noodles were the worst I have eaten ever, it had absolutely no flavour other than crushed schezwan peppercorns. Would not recommend this place to anyone.
Great choice of the sudden craving for spicy Chinese food! Very satisfying dinner with friend on a regular Monday. We ordered 担担面，烤鱼. Both are G2G！Nothing is better than authentic Chinese food and great conversation.
Amazing. I lived in China for two years and have been in NYC for 7 years, trying to find quality Sichuan food. My office is a block away and I go here 4x per week.
They gave us a dish that the meat was not fresh. And they didn't say sorry about it. I don't have a good experience in this place.
I found this place with Yelp.   The place is clean and the food was awesome.   This may be the best Chinese we had in the City!
Well you really just can't compare with what we have in China but this is already the best Chongqing grilled fish i had in NYC! It could be better if the fish skin were crispy and I wish they have wood ear for add-ons... Don't get Dan Dan noodles from here though. Usually Sichuan (szechuan) places excel in this dish but here they use rice noodles instead of noodles, which is not how it supposed to be, and it's not good in any way. Service and decor are minimal. Come for the fish, nothing else.
Guess i came in with too high expectations. The 烤鱼 flavoring was a disappointment. Too much MSG and very salty towards the end. It's okay chinese food but def not good chinese food.
Service: I'm disguised by the customer service and the delivery.  I ordered delivery and was confirmed to be delivered in 15 minutes since I'm only 2 blocks away.  I paid via the yelp website.  When the delivered guy came, he yelled at me for not paying and kept sticking his hand out for money.  I told him I paid.  He yelled at me and made a big scene at the lobby.  Everyone was just watching this.  I found this ridiculous especially when it was their fault.  Food: Not flavorful and my fish was not completely cooked.  This is a health issue.I will never go back to this restaurant again.
Came here for a friend's birthday, we ordered 2 appetizers - cucumbers, poached chicken. We also had 3 main dishes - hot pot fish, bok choy, and shredded pork in spicy sauce. It was all really good, would definitely recommend the hot pot fish, very generous serving size. Even had a birthday song playing in the background when we had the cake out!
I tried the lunch special Kung pao chicken here. The price is reasonable for the area (7.60) and it comes with a soup or drink. The big negative is the msg and they sure use a lot of it. I felt the zing right away and get that water ready.
Came here after being unsatisfied by neighboring Szechuan restaurant menus. If your menu looks like a Chinese takeout menu, it's unacceptable to call yourself an authentic Szechuan restaurant. I am so glad Zest Szechuan opened and I will definitely be back often. There was no wait on a Saturday evening and food/service were speedy. I tried the tripe appetizer (fu ji fei pian), shui zhu yu and ma la xiang guo - all three were exactly what I was craving and had a perfect blend of Szechuan sauces!! The appetizer was actually my favorite especially since few Chinese restaurants have it as an option. If you haven't been here, you haven't been to the best Szechuan restaurant in the city!
So happy that I found an authentic Chinese food place in mid town! The food was very good.
This is a pretty solid choice for Szechuan food in an area with a handful of other Szechuan restaurants. New, clean place with a sizable menu, and decent service. Nothing I've had from here has been bad. For the most part, everything has been above average. The only thing I have to say though is that their Chongqing Chicken is hit or miss. Sometimes it's pretty on and other times it's not. Wish it would be more consistent.
In from out of town and hungry for good Chinese food, I found Zest Zsechuan on Yelp.  Right around the corner from my hotel, I was there in 5 minutes.I'm a simple eater - I don't deviate far from one of my staples, so I've learned to judge Chinese restaurants based on how they prepare General Tso's Chicken and Hot & Sour Soup.I can honestly say it was the best I've had!  The soup had just the right amount of heat;  the chicken had an incredible glaze on it that was uniquely their own; and served with vegetable fried rice.The servings were generous.  Either bring a big appetite or someone to share the plate, and the prices were very reasonable.I heartily recommend Zest Zsechuan the next time you're in that part of the city.
I like their grilled fish with vegetables inside. Their appetizer are also worth to try.
I tried take out last week and the dishes was great so i decided to take my friends there for lunch today.first thing I noticed is the price difference for their lunch special from Take-out menu the waiter said it's because of the service and air-conditioning in the restaurant which is understandable. He said the price is not much different....well..if you consider some dishes from 7.60 to 10.95 is not much different. some dishes does very close to the take out price.we ordered a can of herbal tea and a red bean drink. the red bean drink was way too sweet so my frd asked for a water to make it less sweet.when we ordered the lunch special, the waiter said " so you guys don't want soup?"we were shocking cuz they didn't even ask what kind of soup we want and which rice we want when we ordering...when dishes came, they brought white rice instead of brown rice we ordered.the dishes overall is ok just a but salty.when the bill camethey charged the herbal tea can for 4.00 ....?????well, if you know the herbal tea can that sell on most of chinese restaurant is around it's usually around 2.50 maxthe thing is i don't mind paying the 4.00 for a can drink but they never give out the drink menu, so i felt they just type whatever the price they want to.so we ordered two drink - red bean drink and herbal drink canon the receipt is -can soda and herbal drink ?????we asked the server and he first said the 4.00 is the red bean drink then he said is the herbal drink can.... which is totally confused anyway ! will not go dine again
We had the worst experience at this restaurant. The waiter is so unprofessional and mean to us. We ordered a main entree and two lunch specials for four people. The main dish is over $25 dollars. The waiter said we could only have two complimentary soup and rice because that main dish doesn't count as lunch special. But the total price of our order is over $45 dollars, which is more than the four lunch special orders ($7.65 each). In the end, we were charged for the extra rice and didn't get our soup. This is definitely the worst way to do business. The more you paid, the less you get in the end. This is NOT fair to the customers. Not to mention, the lunch specials are way too salty and oily. We WILL NOT GO THERE EVER AGAIN. Lan Sheng across the street is way much better than this one for the food and service.Wish you luck.
Brilliant. Szechuan cuisine done the authentic way. We dined with a group. Every dish was excellent. Greens (we had the spinach) were perfectly done and highly delectable--I look for that. But the highlight of the lunch was surely the Chongqing Grilled Fish. Picture whole grilled snapper done in Szechuan hot pot style, hot peppers stacked high, with the expected grand array of Szechuan spices, simmering in a broth of sorts--but thicker that what you might imagine. Kicking myself that I didn't take a photo, but I dove right in.How best to eat: Eat the fish first, and then use the plentiful simmering sauce that's left over as a place to dunk and cook other bits of meats and veggies--just as you would with a typical hotpot. Server with bring them if you ask. Enjoy!!
Wow, this place deserves a review. I have used yelp for so long but I have never felt the urge to give a restaurant a review. Well, now I have lol. This restaurant really filled my craving for spicy Chinese food! Come check this place out!
Highly recommend this place. Reasonable price, nice service and good food especially the hot spicy oil that they use for the dishes. Very authentic. Special thanks to Lisa Ma who works there found my wallet and reported to my bank around 11pm last night. Not only my CC and ID is in there, my house key is also in the wallet. When I called and asked if we can meet at the restaurant otherwise I wouldn't be able to get in my house. Lisa came back right away. That was almost midnight and she was on her way back to Jersey City already. Thank you again. Will definitely come back again and keep up the good work. I look forward to seeing this place doing better and better.
Ox tongue and tripe appetizer...  flavor is there but 3 pieces of tripe and 2 slices of beef with 5 slices of cucumber for $8 excluding tax? Enough said
Quick weekday lunch here - serious cons definitely outweighed limited pros:+ bright, modern, spacious & clean+ efficient quick service (TOO quick? See below...)+ inexpensive (lunch special $10 incl t/t)BUT:- worst hot & sour soup I've ever had (which is saying something): tepid, bland, skimpy tofu, vegetables etc and thickened with cornstarch overload SO egregious, the brown jell almost stood up in the spoon, which left marks on the surface of the quivery glop: truly awful- kung pao chicken arrived within 2 minutes of order, at same time as soup. Looked dull & congealed, and sure enough, was stone cold. Sent back for a hot, fresh plate - replacement order arrived quickly - looked better (glossy, brighter) but alas, turned out to be barely warm. Mainly cubed chicken & peanuts with token scallion / red chile here or there; bland and sweet with zero heat; no sauce per se but rather coating of clear oil puddling underneath and lending a very greasy mouthfeelPretty much a dud... would not go back.
Nothing special. Be aware that it is really spicy and make sure you could handle that.
I am here for work, so I try to maximize on all the amazing non chain options available, this one did not disappoint. I started with the crispy spring rolls and scallion pancake.The one star that was knocked off was for the pancake. It was soaked in oil to the point that you could see it drip off. It was light and airy around the edges but the minute you bit into it unfortunately it was just like biting into a oily paper towel.The crispy spring roll was tasty, but nothing too special. I enjoyed it and will leave it at that.For my main entree I had the spicy beef noodle soup. This was the best of all three dishes. Soft and tender beef cubes in a spicy broth full of noodles and greens. I don't normally like peanuts in my food, but these added an interesting crunch. The noodles are a heartier sort, not as light as in Vietnamese Pho, but tasty nonetheless. It is a beautiful modern outfitted restaurant, with clean white lines and an airy appeal. I will come back again some day.
The food here is not bad，but definitely not authentic Sichuan food! They mixed Sichuan and Guangdong style with a twist of American Chinese food. It maybe interesting to a lot of non Sichuan food lovers but to people who come for the real taste of Sichuan food, it maybe disappointing! Anyway, the food may seem to me unauthentic but the service definitely deserves a 4-star!
I like the grilled fishI like the three pepper stir fry chickenI like the bright and casual interior design styleAnd the most important is the waiters and bosses are so welcoming I almost think this is the best lunch spot and dinner spot near Bryant park
New places in townLittle bit pricy than Szechuan gourmetFor me, Ikea showroom style decoration does not match with authentic Szechuan style restaurant
Second time to NYC.  There aren't many restaurants within a couple of blocks of the Marriott Courtyard 5th Avenue.  The concierge recommended another Chinese restaurant because he wasn't familiar with Zest Szechuan, but lucky for us the other place was closed.  We consulted Yelp and saw that Zest had over 73 reviews  with an average 4 star rating so we thought we'd give it a try.  Our first impression:  at 8:30 pm when we arrived (Sunday night) the restaurant was full of Asians.  Good sign!   The restaurant was clean and contemporary. We ordered pan fried noodles, beef and green beans, and orange chicken.  The service was fast, the food was very fresh (not heavy or greasy) and very flavorful.  The waiter served a complimentary dessert (a sweet coconut/taro broth with boba).  We will definitely come back on our next visit to NYC.
Very authentic flavor and professional service, love chongqing hotpot fish!! So good!
Pretty authentic Chinese food. I ordered the Dan Dan noodles which was excellent. The soup dumplings and eggplant were was very good. Reasonably priced as well. Definitely recommend!
Amazing food and services. The staffs are very kind and accomodating. This is prob one of the most authentic and clean Chinese restaurant in New York! Love this place! So lucky to find such a gem finally.
The food is just OK, not the best Sichuan restaurant in NYC tho. But the location is good as it's just right off Bryant park.
Short review: Zest certainly didn't meet our high expectation. The Boiled Fish and Green Pepper w. Bean Sprouts in Hot Chili Oil was served lukewarm and tasted dull (i.e. definitely tasted the spicy oil but there were little exciting Szechuan flavors coming out of there). The stir-fried spinach was served salt-less at first and after we complained about it it came out on par with the same dish in other similar restaurants. The decor was no-frill but if the food were only prepared more "ZESTy" we would consider coming back again. 3/5.
I always bought Chinese lunch from this place since it's been open, also referred a lot of coworkers to buy from this place. However, this most recent purchase is just not up to their usual performance. To be fair, I purchase the exact same dish every time. However, the black bean sauce fish today is lack of flavor and very grease. I was extremely hungry earlier, and now I can only eat half of my lunch because the taste is bad, rice isn't made of good Thailand Jasmine Rice, and soup had too much starch in it. I am not coming back.
This is an awesome authentic Szechuan food. It's clean, fast and great service. We ordered grilled fish, ma po tofu and other dishes. The food tastes delicious and the size is large. Strongly recommend the fish. Will definitely come back.
Loved this new place! Truly authentic Szechuan cuisine in a nice, clean setting. Spicy, tangy and brilliant strong flavors - just the perfect combination. I really enjoyed their chilled beef slices in chilli sauce (fuqi feipian) - must try if you're not familiar with this dish! It had this after taste that was exquisite. We also ordered the Hot & Spicy prawns - loved it! The flavor was spot on and the prawns were really crunchy and fresh (eat the whole prawn - shell and all! That's were all the yummy sauce is soaked up lol). Another must is their fish soup with pickled greens - the fish fillet was delicious and the soup had a balanced dose of tangy/sour.  Can't wait to head back to try the other dishes!
New Chinese restaurant in midtown. The food is very traditional tasting, environment is very clean and homey. There is a second floor too, probably will bring my coworkers here for party. All in all very good!
Noodle had really good flavor, just too soggy. They should replace the noodles with 冷皮。I really like the flavor, it was spicy and a little sweet. The mouth watering chicken is pretty good, they just need to add some crunchy peanuts in it and A ok.
Very tasty Sichuan cuisine!  The eggplant was just like I remember when living in Chengdu.
Great spicy chicken and delicious egg plant. The service was excellent. Dry spicy chicken with numbing spice is the best.
I've been wanting to check this place out for a few months. Today my friend got married, and they chose this place to hold a mini-reception in the upstairs area. 'Twas a perfect opportunity to explore.My table ordered a few dishes: we had the Chongqing grilled fish, which had a very rich, yet clean flavor (it got devoured within several minutes by a table of all westerners). It came garnished with the usual peppers, peanuts, lotus root, and other small veggies to balance the flavor. The fish had a nice buttery taste as well as the typical Szechuan spice, as compared to other Szechuan restaurants where the fish tastes straight up fishy and untamed. We also ordered a few dishes off the lunch menu, of which L5 (Kung Pao chicken) and L21 (shredded beef with peppers) were my favorites. Like most Americans I've had these dishes a gajillion times at other Chinese restaurants but the ingredients here were clearly high quality, and everything was delicately cooked and balanced in terms of flavors. Plus the manager Lisa and the staff was super cool to our party! I wanna eat on the first floor next time and try a few more dishes. Overall I'm hyped I got to check this spot out, and now I know whenever I'm in midtown I can get a guaranteed good Szechuan meal. Bless.
I was very happy to know there is a new Szechuan restaurant near my office. So went to try it out with friend for lunch. We ordered double cooked park belly and also Tofu. Both were really good. We were lucky to get there early, right at 12 pm. So we were seated immediately. Soon it got really busy and there were people waiting for table. Last Friday, I decided to order pick up through Yelp. It was again good food. Hope they will keep the good quality.
I study around. This is probably the best lunch place (for asian food lovers) I could find here. I ordered spicy beef noodle soup and green tea - loved it all. Big plates and pots. Music is relaxing.
The worst service ever in midtown. DO NOT EVER GO THERE!    It will wast your 30min minimum for a stupid lunch after ordering, no nice words or a smile face, full of unprofessional of attitude. 绝对是浪费时间，他们就当你像空气在那摆着。
I was told the food here were exceptionally good, so of course I had to try it out. And let me tell you, I was not disappointed at all! We had the shrimp and fish, as well as some other side dishes, everything we ordered was honestly top notch. I hadn't enjoyed amazing spicy food in a long time, so my cravings were definitely satisfied! Can't wait to come back again!!!
I just came back from a trip to Taiwan a few weeks ago, and I can definitely say that the food here is authentic. Besides being "legit", it's also very delicious. The lotus roots, pork stickers, dumplings and chicken and pork main dishes are great. The sauces they use are tantalizing. I was very surprised at how friendly and kind the service staff was. Really seemed like genuinely good people.The upstairs room that they have for special events and parties (I was there for a wedding party) is awesome. It's spacious and yet unassuming and cozy.Highly recommend.
I don't usually write food review but this place has blowed my mind. Their spicy grilled fish is definitely the best in town. The fish is super fresh, fried really well so the skin absorbed all the sauce, super flavorful. I used to order grilled fish, and last night I found out they have grilled shrimp, too. To me, They are even better the fish. The shrimps are big. I figured they fried them first and then braised with the spicy sauce. This is the place you want to go when you want authentic Chinese grilled everything.
This place serves great food at an affordable cost. Always come here during lunch time.
5 stars for service. I lost my wallet during lunch in the restaurant. They found my wallet but have no contact information. So they made an effort of calling my credit card company to inform me.  I got my wallet at night when I realized I lost somewhere. Really appreciate it a lot!
First time there we just ordered two appetizer and their signature fish dish. It was not bad. The fish was just enough for the two of us. Second time not so impressive. In addition to the fish, we got spicy chicken cooked like American Chinese food. Deep fried spicy chicken is not that authentic. In the end they offered sesame rice ball as free dessert.
Went there for the dinner. Space is clean but not fancy. May not be a good fit for date night but if you are looking for some traditional Chinese food (or you are Chinese like me), this spot can hit the point.Food we ordered today is very tasty. We ordered a chung ching grilled whole fish and gong bao chicken. Both are delicious and above average. The chung ching grilled whole fish is not on the menu and it's a dish very hard to find. I never had it and my wife have only seen it in China. Definitely worth trying if you are up for something different.
I just convinced a friend to pick up takeout from Zest and bring it to my office - major win. Mostly because I am perpetually craving kung pao lotus root - a gem of a dish, and really well done @ Zest. My only complaint is that they never make it QUITE spicy enough. Their Szechuan veggie dishes are great; their mapo tofu solid. Today we also tried pickled fried green beans with pork and bean curd skin (I think that's what it's called) which was DELICIOUS but I wish was available vegetarian. My only real suggestion would be to make more of the dishes veggie-optional. I'm sure if you dine in, you can make this request, but it would be great if there was flexibility in their menu for those of us who order online!
I ordered lunch from here today as its relatively close to my office and had 4 stars on Yelp. Since it was my first time here, I kept it simple and ordered the General Tsos lunch special. Upon walking up to the storefront, I glanced at the "Grade Pending" rating from NY Sanitation, which I knew wasn't a good sign... But it looked like a decent place so I still proceeded inside to pick up my order. Though it was a good value ($8) it tasted terrible... fishy is how I would describe it. I took two bites of the chicken and discarded it. It was gross. Perhaps this was just an off item for them, I'm not sure... But I am fairly certain I will not be ordering from here in the future.
Good spice level. Like their Mapo tofu.Stick to the Szechuan dishes - that's what they make pretty well.Twice-cooked pork flavorful; looked like they used bacon though.Inexpensive and fast.
We ordered the fish pot. It's overcooked. Instead Of being roasted as the restaurant, it was deep fried instead. The fish was dry and not tender at all. Very disappointed. The waiter and waitress were not professional. They tried to push us to leave even we were not done yet. Not recommend at all. Waste our money but none of us enjoyed their food or service
The food is pretty good and authentic Here. I liked the Decor - if you're stuck in midtown and craving for some Sichuan food then this place is probably your best bet.The food is a bit too expensive in terms of Chinese food but then again it's midtown
If you love spicy food, I would recommend the fish. And this is a big portion, we had four people , just ordered this fish and a tofu . We still have a lot left. And it has a lot of veggie in it.
I just had to write a review on this fantastic restaurant! I grew up in Szechuan and I think I have the right to say that this is THE best and most authentic Szechuan restaurant I have been to in NYC so far! Even my fiancée who's originally from Russia was very impressed. Took my parents and family friends here, it was probably the happiest meal they had in their visit to America. Hands down 5 star, totally deserved! Will make it our regular spot for a treat from now on :).
The taste is ok, but this place is too expensive given the portion and environment. The waiter suggested to order the middle size fish ($45), it turned out to be half fish and more than half is fish bone. A small HALF fish charged $45, not worth it!
My wife and I and 2 of our friends tried the grilled whole fish today... it was so delicious!! The fish was really fresh, the soup, the vegetables, fried tofu and the spices perfectly blended together. The size of this dish was really big too and Only cost $29. Added a few small appetizers together for a beautiful lunch. Will definitely come back again and try more... Very Happy
I found a new place, since the closure of Lan Sheng.  Zest's Dan Dan Noodles is just as good and feel it's better than Szechuan Gourmet down the block.  It tastes a little sweeter, and must choose the "more spicy" option for the noodles.  I have to come back to try other dishes...
The food was not that good. And the waitress was very interesting. First she took us to a corner seat when all of the nice couch seats were empty. When we asked for the couch seats, she said since the restaurant was not busy we can be upgraded, but we should not expect this upgrade. Come on, we were the only customers in your restaurant! then she brought a beef dish to our tables, and said to us ' I know you guys ordered pork, but they mistakenly made it in beef'. She kinda of forced us to take it, and when we insisted we wanted what we ordered, she was annoyed. I don't think I will go back to this place again.
