Another amazing , tasty experience!! Everything is soooo food here although smaller portions that would be expected. Attentive service . Will definitely return. Dined on shrimp curry , chicken Biriyani, lamb curry and naan. Everything well prepared and promptly. Intimate setting , not loud.
I stopped in for lunch and found that their chicken curry was amazing.The ambience is actually quite normal, but the service is nice.
Horrible place . We visited this place as a group of 8, and they told us to order atleast 6 entrees! We had to negotiate to allow them to order 4 entrees... Very rude and unreasonable place.
Came here a few times during lunch and it does get packed quickly.  The lunch menu is very good and I always stick with the Vindaloo either lamb or chicken. Only complaint a side or rice and naan should not be the same price.
On my visit to NYC , Ruchi was my go to place  for lunch and dinner. Fantastic authentic Indian food, cozy environment and good service. There is nothing i didnt like about this place.
Five stars for the food (spicy paneer makhani---a dish not on the menu but a dish they can make!), location, and table service, but four stars for price and overall atmosphere and misleading signs. The restaurant has very limited seating and it super tight getting in and out. The restaurant is NOT wheelchair-accessible.The outside boasts 50% off lunch special in multiple signage. Once seated, we are told (on a Saturday) that the 50% off applies only to weekdays. Whomp, whomp.
Mirchi and baingan salan is probably the worst I have ever had in my life. It was full of coconut oil. Roti was hard. Poori was not baked inside, it was more close to bathura. Channa masala and saag paneer was okay. Thus 2 stars.
This place is solid and I recommend it to friends pretty regularly. I actually really like the food, particularly the aloo gobi is delicious. However, I do usually get a bit of a stomach ache afterwards. It has a "B" Grade, so I'm wondering if maybe the food quality is questionable?Either way, I do go back, so it can't be that bad! Haha.The other thing I would say is that the copper glasses make the water taste a little strange. I would prefer glass cups.
Last night we ordered Ruchi's for dinner- we opted for the deal (under $20) that comfortably feeds two people.  We chose the samosas and chicken saag served with rice & naan.  Food was great and I have no doubt we will be ordering from Ruchi's again in the near future!
Great Indian food and fast service!My coworkers and I came here for a 12:45pm lunch reservation on a Thursday and the restaurant was packed! It was so crowded that when we arrived they had to push our reservation back to 1pm and they had us order our food while we were still waiting for our table. In reality, that was smart because shortly after we sat down our food began arriving fast and furious! If you plan on eating here during weekday lunch hours, definitely call in to make a reservation and try to arrive much earlier than your reservation.With all that said, don't let it deter you from trying out the food here as it was delicious! Some of my coworkers, who are Indian, loved the food here. I put all my faith in them when it comes to Indian food and if they said it was real good, then IT WAS GOOD! We let them do the ordering and here is a list of what we got for the table:Basmati RiceChicken BiryaniLamb BiryaniChicken CurryCrab CurryOkraLike I said, everything tasted amazing, but the Crab Curry definitely was the one dish that caught my attention. The curries, in general, were so flavorful and went so well with the Biryani and rice, but the Crab Curry was something new I had never had. I highly recommend the Crab Curry over the other curries as it is something different. Regarding the food, the only complaint I might've had was that the serving sizes were a bit small, so we ordered at least 3 of every dish for our entire table since we had 10 people. In addition, the restaurant was real small and it made for cramped conditions. However, if you're into Indian food, this is a great spot in the FiDi you should not miss! Oh and it's 50% for lunch too!
Really good food and service.  Try the chicken samosas!The cheese naan is ok, not great.The briyati shrimp rice is really good.I'd come back!
Very good. Best mango lassi we've had. We had vindaloo lamb, tika masala chicken, naan and rice (not enough time to order more). Will definitely be back next time we go to NYC.  Service was also great!
ive only ordered delivery from this place and it has been great. food portions are big and food is very tasty. usually the one order can last for 2 meals. the food comes quick and the delivery guy is very friendly. price depends on what you get but for the most part it is a reasonable price. they also cater for companies i know because the company i work for orders every now and them and they are always on time and the quality of the food is still the same with the smaller orders. if there is an issue with something you can always call and they will fix it.
F*** the service, such an assh**** service we had ever seen, I came along with my friends and ordered chicken biryani, lamb biryani etc they charged 18-19$ each and served us a soup bowl quantity food and when we checked out they charged us 20$ of tip without asking us atleast, when we asked regarding this they insulted us by saying go to mc'donalds and eat as they won't charge us for the tip, how come he says like this to his customers???? Never ever visit this fuc**** place pls
Ordered in from this place last night since it wasWay to cold to step out. I live in the area so the good thing was the food came quickly and got! We ordered paneer makhani and malai kofta and 2 garlic naans and 1 onion naan. The curries were all entrees so I assumed they were decently sized for 2-3 people. To my surprise when I opened the malai kofta I would assume at least 4 kofta with gravy but I got a giant tub of gravy with small 3 koftas. Okay then I opened the paneer makhani and it looked like a can of tomato soup with triangle pieces of paneer. I called the restaurant up to ask if this was normal and they kept stating "yes gravy" I said there is so much gravy in one of the entrees and he was said oh well. Overall the naan was decent and the gravy was okay, the paneer makhani didn't taste as rich as the description and had an awful canned tomato soup after taste. Maybe there are other entrees that are better but the ones I choose were below par.
I tried the paper dosa. The dosa didn't qualify in size to be called a paper dosa and the coconut  chutney served to us was stale did not tasse fresh at all. Didn't expect this for the price I paid.
The only reason I don't give this place 1 star is because of their delivery service. The dine in experience is really bad. The waiters don't know at what time the lunch special starts and ends, treat you like an annoyance instead of a paying customer, and the portions are much smaller in the restaurant than when you order for delivery. That being said the food is amazing. When you order that a dish be spicy it is very spicy. The biryani and the vindaloo are to die for. If you live around the area I would definitely recommend this restaurant for delivery as the portions are big, delicious, and come quickly. Never go for a dine in experience though, it's awful.
Second time here - love this place! Tried two new meals - my wife had Chicken Shahi Korma and I had Chicken Madras - we both loved what we had. Two great dishes for those looking for non-spicy meals. Would highly recommend.
This restaurant has a pretty big menu with a good variety of vegetarian and meat options. I went after work with colleagues in town (one from India) and he said it was "pretty good" compared to home. We shared a few appetizers and mains with a basket of naan. Good sized portions and everything was tasty. We ordered the samosas, veggie bhajias, bhel puri, curry goat, lamb rogan josh, and paneer burzi.
My parents were really excited to eat here since this place shares my name. Unfortunately, the food and the service were both disappointing. Our family of 5 typically eats family style by sharing a few entrees. We ordered 3 appetizers, 2  entrees, one rice, and roti. It was plenty, but the waiter said that wasn't enough for 5 and asked if were going to order more. We informed him that we were sharing. Usually, if there's a problem with sharing food, the staff will inform you about a plate fee or something along those lines. He didn't do that, and instead stood looking at us until we told him we would keep a menu with us to order more food. We then felt pressured into ordering more than what we felt comfortable eating.At one point, the waiter accidently spilled water all over me and my sister, upending her glass of water and spilling water all over her plate and silverware. There was nothing in the bathroom we could use to dry out our clothes, but luckily our hotel was around the corner. When we came back, our seats had been wiped, but the staff had taken away all of the soaked items and hadn't replaced them. So, after a ten minute excursion where we dried our clothes while our food came, my sister had to wait another 5 minutes to even eat her food when we got back to the restaurant - and the replacements only came after she explicitly asked for them. I know this isn't required of a restaurant, but it is usually good when the staff makes a mistake like spilling something on you to offer something as a sign of good will, like a percentage off the bill. They did not offer anything to us. We tipped, but it really did not seem like this restaurant cared about the experience we had there, and we left having spent money on more food than we wanted after not having the most pleasant dining experience. The food itself was ok. I enjoyed the paneer tikka and achari chicken, but the indo-chinese fried rice should not be on the menu - it wasn't mixed well, and some bites had too much salt, others none at all. The shrimp biryani was fine and the shrimp was fresh, but the flavors did not mix together very nicely. Something I've noticed having been to my fair share of indian restaurants is that the wait staff usually take great care to be attentive and accommodating. That was simply not the case here. We won't be coming back, and I'd recommend other places over this.
I'm writing this review from Ruchi restaurant dated 3-Aug-2012 (lunch time)..the food is very bad, I ordered masala tea but it was tasted as hot water with lit bit of instant tea  smell...I told the waiter that it does not taste good...she was very rude and said that "do want it or not...this is what we serve here...."...customer service is very bad and I wont ever recommend any one to go to this restaurant. I would recommend the health and mental control of New York to do a quick inspection....because it seems they are serving left out food to others. Don't even visit this restaurant. Check if you have health insurance before you eat food here.
Tiny place. Nice lamps. Slow service. Average food, not authentic (Tastes better if you're terribly hungry. We were terribly hungry) Unclean restroom.
The variety and taste of the food is decent however the service was bad! The server threw attitude when we asked for more bread and when she brought it actually had the nerve to tell us 'now you better finish it', like its any of her business-we are paying for the naan-its not free, get it woman? One of our party dropped her food on her clothes due to the small cramped space, and they just picked up her plate and left-while we were all trying to help her, no decency to ask if she is okay. The owner/lady at the cash register was curt and disinterested with her answer when we asked about catering. You would think one would be nice to a large group of people who are willing to bring you more business!
Fantastic tikka masala! Very comfortable and quite when I went. Right next to a nice Irish pub.
I really enjoy and crave spicy foods but Indian cuisine is not something that comes to mind very often. I think that is because there is not much availability in my area. At the same time I believe Indian cuisine is often passed on by us locals because we just don't know enough about it. Well thankfully there are restaurants like Ruchi, which is a small but comfortable, very reasonably priced and highly approachable Indian Restaurant.This restaurant recently opened it's doors a few months ago and is located in a quiet traffic area at the end of Cedar street in the financial district. Ruchi was recommended by friends who live nearby this past weekend. It's a bit disconcerting walking into a restaurant with very few people inside on a Saturday night. You immediately think about the quality of food and for someone who doesn't have and opportunity to enjoy Indian food very often, I was hoping for a high quality meal and I was not disappointed.My dish, Lamb Saag which is a Lamb Curry and savory/spicy spinach dish was fresh and incredible. I also tried the Chicken Saag, and Lamb Pasada both of which were equally as enjoyable. Along with the perfectly cooked rices, spicy and sweet chutneys and endless supply of fresh baked Naan bread; The chef continued to impress with dish after dish and was an explosion to the senses.They do not have a liquor license yet which gave us an opportunity to bring our own wines. Personally, I think it needs to stay that way, it's a different experience.This is a new restaurant and it is clear they are trying to create a following by letting their food speak for itself. I would imagine it being difficult to maintain a standard when business is still on the rise. Thankfully it seems your meal will not suffer because a high standard of cuisine is what Ruchi offers and you will be greeted with flavorful, excellently prepared and presented food during your visit.Ever eat at a place that creates a craving after just one visit? Well, you will enjoy this one and tell your friends because this place deserves to thrive. Don't forget to order the Naan!
I must admit I was skeptical.A quality Indian restaurant in the tundra that is the Financial District?? So I've been ignorantly and blissfully passing by this restaurant for a good 6 months without a second glance... until tonight. Out of nowhere I was smacked with an unrelenting CRAVE for some tasty Tikka Masala. I had to answer the call.I admit at first I planned on Spice Cafe in Union Square until menupages informed me its shut down?? So I did what any other jaded city dweller would do and I yelped Ruchi. Pretty good reviews... my curiosity was piqued. So I called and placed a pick up order for a dinner special which only runs you $13.95 (about $15 w/ tax) which includes 1 appetizer (I got the Tikka Chix) and 1 entree (Chix Tikka Masala).The lunch special is even better which is HALF off in-house Northern Indian Menu items (so you can't order out to cash in on this offer).I was pleasantly surprised to hear the order would only take 10 mins to fill. True to their word, I arrived 7 minutes later with a few to spare and chatted with the owner/manager(?) who was very pleasant. I even learned how to roll some napkins into the shapes of lit candles.When I opened up my carry out bag I was happy to see everything packed very nicely. There was even a cute little bottle of Poland Springs. The Tikka Chicken (2 kebab pieces) was awesomely spiced and very juicy (not dry or tough in the slightest) and garnished with pickled veggies and ginger(?). The naan tasted freshly baked and still warm wrapped in the aluminum foil. And the Masala was absolutely perfect! It was just the right amount of cream and spice. There was a slight heat that would barely register on the Scoville index but enough to keep your lips smacking! Just to chime in with the previous yelpers on portions, servings are not what the average, buffet loving, super size me Americans are conditioned to expect BUT they are just enough to fill you up. I'm starting at 4 stars b/c I'm definitely a fan but I'm holding the michelins until after I try the Dosas!
I ate here today with an indian friend, and had a spectacularly good chicken dish (last one on the menu). The sign on the door said half price and sure enough when the bill came every thing was discounted, the food was half and the we paid 3 bucks for the 5 buck beers. Awesome food at super cheap prices.
The Indian food here is just amazing! The spices and condiments used on the food adds enough flavor to get you savoring it, but not too overwhelming. I really think that anyone around should go visit.
Had a slew of vegetarian dishes and each were well spiced and textured. Probably my favorite chana masala and saag paneer that I've had anywhere - not at all watered down or overspiced. Samosa was huge and savory. Dosa was thick and tasty. Definitely a step above many Indian restaurants in NYC and all at a quite stomachable price in a comfortable atmosphere. Service may have been a bit disorganized, but all were friendly.
After a long day of battery park, Statue of Liberty, charging bull and a lot of walking, we finally discovered Ruchi, which was right in front of ground zero. We tried Bhel, Veg Jalfrezi, Paneer Makhani & Naan. We got Daal to-go. Food was perfectly done, except the rotis which were very dry.
Got there at 1 .... we were party of 2 .... got seated and then nobody bothers to even give us the menu for the next 10 minutes. We have to literally wave out to the waitress she then brings the menu. Its a big menu and confusing. Got the chicken kadai and shrimp masala. Shrimp masala is definitely the worst i have ever had. I think they re used oil as it had a weird taste. The chicken kadai was OK. (chicken was dry) but the gravy was fine ...  lets say edible. The only good thing in the entire meal was the onion naan which was excellant. Please dont waste your time and money going here. They have a lunch 50% off though ... so it costs about 10 per person.
I stayed in Chicago for a long time and quite used to Indian food at Devon Street there. But take my words -  food at Ruchi  is 100 times better quality than any of the indian/pakistani restaurant there. It will cost an everage $15 to $20 per person which is a bit costly.
Good food, reasonable prices, small portions, fun ambiance, poor service.  Lengthy menu.
The food was really great, we dined in, and the only not so great thing was the service, we had to ask for the little bread and dipping sauces up till the check, when we were leaving obviously. The take out menu actually offers a better "value" it seems than eating in. For sure going to give the take out another try bc the food was good :)
I was pleasantly surprised by Ruchi for dinner on a quiet rainy Saturday night.  The decor and service were above what I was expecting from what I thought was a mainly delivery place.  We had Bhel Puri and Samosa's for appetizer, and I must say the Bhel Puri in particular was some of the best i've ever had.  They must make their own sauces and they are fantastic, especially the hot green sauce!For entree we tried 2 curries, Chicken Saag and Tikka Masala.  Very good, and extremely creamy without tasting of ghee.  Naan was fresh, soft and delicious.  Overall it was a very enjoyable meal.I'll definitely be returning!
Dine in: 2.5 - 3 starsDelivery: 4 - 5 starsRuchi is in a secluded (barren?) area of FiDi that is also really convenient to my apt and it's BYOB.  You walk in and they have cute decor but the ambiance is still lacking.  The music is sometimes on, but not always.  No other diners were there that night at the same time as us (on a Thursday), and even though it's BYOB with no corkage...you could at least open the bottle for us!!  They handed my bf a wine opener...really??  The delivery guy was walking back and forth all night.  So it's NOT a place for a date.HOWEVER...the food here is delightful.  I'm not going to say it's "healthy" but it is noticably less greasy/buttery than other Indian spots. It has both Northern and Southern cuisine.  Try the dosas, samosas, and chicken xacutti. Everything is much fresher than other places you'll go.  The naan is fluffy and very lightly buttered.  A great spot for take out/delivery which we've also done.  Their website has a good deal for dinner delivery too.  A great spot to order your next Indian delivery meal...or just bring a bunch of friends and take over the restaurant.
Lunched here because it was closer to the memorial. One of the mistakes in my entire new York trip.awefull food and tasteless vegetables. It's hard to imagine even a simple veg tandoori was in its worst best.rating one star because I have to
Delightful.  We found some great food not typically on an Indian menu. Creative naans, lots of vegetarian options, really excellent food. Only cons, the door closes too slowly, so we got frequent blasts of cold, also the door to the bathroom is right in the dining space, it would be nice if it were more separate.
Yes, it was a big mistake to order goat biryani at Ruchi the day after I had goat stew at Kin Shop, but I still had goat on the brain and was looking for something tasty for lunch.  There were maybe two to three 3/4-inch cubes of goat in my order, and many, many large bones.   Not a good value @ $14.95 for take-out.  Moreover, the rice was greasy and needed salt.
Whoa! Who woulda thought to find this little gem in the financial district? Passed by on a Sunday afternoon (starving) on my way to Battery Park, searching for nothing in particular to eat in an area not known for food. What a nice surprise. Loved my Chicken Biryani and Riata. Loved the decor.If you're in the area--go! Great 50% off lunch special, too.
We tried this place out last night for dinner, and were the only diners on a Friday night at 8pm.  Red flags went up.  But after thinking about it, the place is hidden amongst all the scaffolding and probably does most of its business at lunch.  The delivery guy came and went several times, so they probably do quite a bit of delivery business.The food was surprisingly good.  We ordered lamb vindaloo, saag paneer, chicken xacutti, and garlic naan.  The chicken xacutti came on a recommendation from the very friendly waiter, and was something neither of us had tried before.  It was delicious.  The chicken was tender and the sauce had some bold flavors.  The saag may be the best saag paneer I've ever had.  It came garnished with the usual chopped cilantro, but also with what we think were slivers of lemongrass.  Delicious.  The lamb vindaloo was ok, but nothing special.  Probably wouldn't order it again.Oh yeah, it's BYOB, so come prepared.
Tasty but the 50% lunch special is misleading. For half price, you also get half the quantity, which is a paltry 4 pieces of chicken per entree (no rice included). We confirmed by ordering 3 entrees -- each one contained precisely 4 pieces of chicken. The sauce was very flavorful but doesn't fill one up -- especially without any included rice or naan.
Pretty decent Indian food. We get delivery from here often or eat here since it's so closeby. I think it's the better indian restaurant in the financial district (from the 2 that I've been to). Of course you have more variety to choose from on Murray Hill but if you're in the financial district, this is a good place to go.
Nice Restaurant and light need to be increased because the in dinning table is little dark , and little expansive and the food not much rich , over all good .
Food is oustanding!We had Masala Chicken, traditional salad and Samosa.The place is really crowded. People waited outside to get lunch.
Pleasant staff, nice decor, satisfying water glasses, clear menus, tasty food and reasonably priced.  BYOB : /
I went here for dinner probably an hour before closing time with two friends on a weekday. I definitely think this place is overpriced (dinner wise anyways) for quasi-indian food. The service was exceptionally slow, which you'd think an hour before closing they would try to get you the heck out of there. The naan was good but the entree I got wasn't at the indian-spice level I'm used too--it was pretty mild to no heat at all. It also tasted american in my opinion. I probably wont be coming back, I'm looking for a more authentic Indian restaurant where they try to satisfy more than just a bland palate.
Ordered rotis and paneer bhurji for quick lunch. Impressed with the generous quantity of paneer in the dish. Very tasty. Having been to over three dozen Indian restaurants in the US, this one is right among the top for the preparation. Small place but definitely good. Strongly recommend it.
My Co-worker and I have dined at your restaurant at least twice a week since our large company moved to One World Trade center in January.  The food and service has been terrific, with the exception of a woman (wearing green today) that has made the experience less then that. Perhaps a manager, definitely not a waitress, not helpful and counterproductive to the terrific staff on several occasions. We would like to come back again, but our experiences with her in the past & today have been unreasonable &  caused us to be late for work as we had to navigate a way to pay, with little or no tip because a payment policy. We brought a friend along with with us yesterday and after a large meal were told that only 2 credit cards could be used.Perhaps we could have been told at the start of the meal? Could an exception have been made considering we were the only ones in the restaurant and that we had eaten at this establishment on so many other occasions?I did not have money to tip our very kind waitress and waiter, having been forced to pay cash instead of on my card.  Sad about it, really really liked the restaurant and all the staff except for the woman who sits and stares coldly at the customers as she eats for a very long time. Thanks c
Hidden gem (literally on a side street surrounded with scaffolding) in the Financial District just south of Ground Zero.  Once you go inside, you first thing that hits you are the 2 dozen or so colorful light fixtures (only a few are turned on) and the pleasant decor of the interior.  Warning: It is super busy on the weekdays.  However, I go on the weekends when the restaurant isn't crowed and the menu is 50% off.  The food is excellent and tastes very authentic.  I seem to have forgotten whether the chef was from Bombay or Calcutta.  One of my new favorites and I hope they keep up the quality of Indian food I've become accustomed to.
I tried this place because of a KGB deal and LOVED it. It was decently priced and authentic. I got the chicken tickki marsala and was very happy with it. I also liked that their staff was polite and attentive - even after finding out I had a coupon lol. My only complaint is their metal chalices they use to serve water in. Some of them were rusty and made the water taste like metal. Bottom-line I am definitely coming back here again!
Food is good but portions stand to be improved.  I ordered the tiki masala and am disappointed to see how little chicken they put in.
Poor hygiene, below average food, dirty toilets and atrociously bad service.  AVOID
Totally bad experience. Stay away from this restaurant. bad customer service. We were 3 of us sitting in 4 seat table. asked to move to Another table just after serving food. just to accommodate 1 more  person. Extremely bad food. Unhygienic environment. STAY AWAY from this restaurant.
I really wanted this to be a great find... but it really wasn't.  I have to admit that I have had better Indian in smaller cities.  I don't want to make it sound like the food was bad, because it was not.  Just did not live up to my expectations.  Service was good, staff was friendly.  Naan did seem exceptionally good and there was a great selection.
Excellent meal and great service!  The lamb melted in my mouth.  Hands down the best meal I had the whole week I was here.
It was my first time yesterday and I'll give it a 3 b/c I'm in a good mood and the weather's beautiful, and the menu is 50% off during lunch. The food isn't that great in my opinion. It is BYOB though, might have to take advantage of this next time. The Chicken Tikka Masala was ok but my friend's urry coconut chicken was rough to eat and not yummy at all. But close to the work spot, so will try again.
2.5 - somewhat decent, nothing memorable.  chicken tikka masala, samosas, naan (good), rice (good).  Actual chicken dish was 95% sauce, the rest chicken (maybe 6 pieces)
This place has great service and the food is very very good. It's more of an authentic style Indian restaurant in terms of how the food is and the people are great. I've been here for dinner several times, but never for lunch.
The lunch special is absolutely bomb-diggity! Half price lunch specials! Lovely decor and great service. The food is delicious. This place has become my go-to lunch spot. I've had the crab curry, goan shrimp curry, chicken chettinad here. Everything is delicious. I took my coworkers here and they've all enjoyed the food.
Its been very hard for me to find good indian food, I tried this place because its near my job. WOW was the food amazing. I was a little iffy at first because they had a B rating, that usually turns me off. The person I was eating out with was kind of like "whatever lets just go, Im hungry". so i sucked it up, and I was not disappointed. The food was amazing, the decor was amazing as well. Its so pretty inside and the staff was very attentive but not overwhelming. Prices were definitely affordable, I would definitely go here again.
We reserved this little Indian restaurant next to busy ground zero in heart of down town manhattan's financial district. When we arrived, the tables were set for about 20 guests and there was plenty of help available to serve all guests. All small needs of guests from snacks to drinks and dinner were attended to in prompt and professional manner. Great place to take your family for dinner.
I am so happy that I found this place! Not only great food, but 50% off as a lunch special. Winning. I am vegetarian and ordered the saag chana and mushroom. IT WAS DELICIOUS! I am already planning on coming back, but not too often, I don't want to be judged.
Incredible lamb vindaloo! Everything I have tried so far has been excellent. The time to go for lunch is 15 to 30 minutes before noon, otherwise it's packed. And they have a great special going on now, 50% off North Indian food. It's not cheap, but the 50% off helps. My lunch cost averages $11 with the 50% off. It's worth it.
Too little chicken for a chicken lunch box. The quantity is just awfully small...I feel like eating another 10 such boxes to be full. The taste is ok though. Otherwise I'd have given 0 stars (if there were such option).
For $14, my entree was small; maybe 5-6 chunks chicken total. Plus the rice or naan doesn't come with the entree so you'll have to pay extra for that.  If you're starting the night off and don't want to fill up too much, maybe that's not necessarily a bad thing.That aside, my food was really good and packed a nice bit of heat (as did my dining companion's).The service was okay.  Certainly nothing to write home about.
Our one bright spot in a rather dissapointing gustatory weekend.  Try the butter chicken and somasas.
Food is good, but FYI they just changed their policy and aren't a BYOB anymore.  We expressed how disappointed we were and they still let us drink our bottle we bought.  So sad because we loved having a byob in the neighborhood that had good food.
This place only gets one star because I can't give zero stars. It is located half a block from where I live, and the food took 2 hours to arrive. I called them twice, and was always told the guy was already out to deliver my food and that the fod would arrive warm and ok. The food was extremely cold, it had spilled all over the bag and the delivery guy pretended not to speak english. He comes back to demand a tip speaking perfect english. No wonder the actual restaurant is always empty. Don't order from this place!
Delicious food and good service, but too expensive for the portions and all the sides are extra.  It's also BYOB, which could be a good or not so good thing.
Dosa in FiDi! I usually make my monthly trek to Journal Square in Jersey City to satiate my dosa craving but now I have a tasty alternative right here in the Financial District. The menu has a large selection of North and South Indian dishes. This usually concerns me as such ambition is hard to deliver on but after this visit, I have reason to be optimistic. I started off with some idli and flavorful chutneys that hit the spot. My only knock was that the portion was a bit small for the price. For my entree I went with the papper masala dosa which was huge, delicious, and very close to the authentic dosa I get in Journal Square. My dosa cravings will definitely bring me back to Ruchi soon!
Best Indian food money can buy in the area. Would be 5 stars, but it's a little on the pricey side. There's not too many choices as good as this in the FiDi, and I'm happy I accidentally stumbled upon this humble little spot, tucked away in the ashes of Ground Zero. It's the only place I can think of that has both North and South Indian cuisine.So far, I've just tried the South, but I will be updating my review once I try a few more dishes. For the record, I had the Masala Dosa.Great for vegetarians! Again.. my only complain being the price, which is commonly expensive in this area.
Second chance at ruchi and still disapppointed with the food. Keema mattar (mince lamb and peas) first time and second time (chicken jalfrezi) both just disappointing. The chicken was during the lunch special and it had not been marinated and loads of random vegetables thrown in to pad out the dish. Im indian and would not recommend going here if you want indian food with alot of flavour but its ok for cheap and bland. Also has slow service even though its small and had several waitresses
AWFUL!!! This is a DIRTY place that does construction while people are trying to have dinner.  They don't deserve one star!  This place has the worst service I've ever encountered in New York.  Halfway through the meal, they started DRILLING INTO THE WALL, FILLING THE PLACE WITH DUST AND SMELLS, NOT TO MENTION NOISE.  I imagine mostly tourists go here during the day, but my husband and I came here for a quick dinner while on a break from work.  We walked in and some workmen seemed to be looking at the wall somehow.  We asked if it was still open, and they assured us it was.The food is overpriced, and not very good for Indian.  My husband ordered the overpriced Non-Veg Thali which had only 4 edible curries out of the 7 (MINISCULE) ones that come with the meal.  For nearly $20, we expected a lot more.  I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala which was syrupy, bland and tasteless.  Of course I had to order rice separately which tacked an additional $3 to my overpriced, miniscule Masala.  The cheese naan was gross.  No one ever came to refill our waters, no matter how many times I asked.  They would stare at me blankly and continued to watch the repairmen drill into the walls (again, while we were eating).  The copper cups looked GROSS.   I am pregnant, so obviously I had to go to the bathroom at some point.  The bathroom was filled with workmen who were drilling there too.  Finally, one of the waiters asked the workmen to give me a minute in the FILTHY, FILTHY unisex bathroom by myself.  I wouldn't eat here again if they PAID me.  Bad food, bad service, bad air!
This is our favorite place for Indian delivery, but we've also stopped in a few times for a sit-down meal.  The restaurant itself is small (maybe 30-seat capacity), cozy and dimly-lit with colorful lamps.  We've tried most of the curries on the menu, and they've all been super tasty & never greasy - I can taste plenty of fat, but there's no pool of grease floating to the top like some other places.
my experience here is mixed.  the chicken vindaloo is excellent and i love the layers of flavor and the heat.  the special medley biryani was a total disappointment - the 90/10 rice / meat ratio was ridiculous, the rice was dry, and what little meat i did get wasn't that tasty.  stay away from this.  i was so impressed by the vindaloo though, i will give them another chance.
Food is good, service OK. Reasonably priced for NYC and convenient to hotels in the area.
With the number of options for indian food in the neighborhood, save your money. quality is so so, portions are small - not worth the money or time. Thali Lunch special specifically is a joke - "small pot" means 2 small pieces of chicken. WTF!?/thread
Had Indian masala chaiVery poor quality They charged me $3.89 for this 1 cup of dirty chai
Horrible experience here with a pick-up. Came to grab my lunch and my coworker's lunch and they refused to give me both and kept saying "one body one lunch" even though I had my coworker's I.D. and confirmation email for the pick-up. This has never happened at other restaurants around the area and they were particularly nasty about it. When I tried to show them the confirmation email and explain that my coworker couldn't currently walk to this location the man at the desk kept saying immature responses like "Other places not have problem but I have problem." Won't be coming back.
Not my favorite rendition of Indian food. The dhal was nice and flavorful. The chicken was steamed and then maybe grilled. It was pretty dry. I may revisit to try something else. But this particular lunch wasn't great.
The food was excellent but the service was some of the worst service I have ever experienced. We tried to order several things off of the menu including dosas only to be told that nothing was available. We then noticed that the customers after us were allowed to order dosas. We tried to order an appetizer and after taking our order we never received the appetizer. When we asked, the server informed us that the item was not available and that they cancelled the order without bothering to inform us. We were also told that there is a minimum number of entrees that we have to order otherwise we would have to take-out. We were basically forced to order extra food in order to be able to sit at the restaurant. Finally, they took a ridiculously large tip for the sub-par service we were given. While the food was very good, I would recommend take-out because the service here is awful.
After finding an insect in my food at one of my favorite take-out Thai places, I've become VERY conscious of the cleanliness of the places I frequent. Ruchi is (was) my go-to Indian place because their Lamb Kadhai is literally a serving of happiness (if you choose to ignore my review, order that!) So after seeing a previous reviewer say that the restaurant recently earned a B-grade, it broke my heart but damn if I would be letting go of my favourite Indian place too. Am I destined to never see spicy food again!? But here's a little known tip: You can see the reasons for restaurant inspection grades on nyc.gov - it's publicly available information - if you're bored one Saturday evening and want to read the dirty secrets of all your favourite places (I don't recommend it). Anyways, I read the first line and welp, Ruchi it's been real - but I think I'm gonna have to see other people.
My adult son and I met in NYC to do some touring. We were on our way to the 9/11 museum and wanted lunch beforehand. He found this place while on the way to somewhere else. I walked past it a couple of times. But, it was some of the best Indian food we have ever had. It was lunch in NYC and they were packed. Also service was fantastic and fast. Would highly recommend it.
Came here while staying next door at the courtyard. Overall impressed. I did ask the waiter if the Vindaloo was hot and he said it was very spicy. Which of course it wasn't, but none the less it was tasty. However the portion was very small, there was literally about 3 pieces of chicken and a lump of potato pretending to be chicken :-) But it was good meat and as I said tasty. The naan was also god and fresh. Small restaurant but I got seated fine. It was Wednesday and the place was pretty busy. I'll be back I am sure.
Ruchi is our go-to place at work for Indian food. Their 50% off deal is amazing. As long as each person orders an entree and is dining in you get 50% off! Their yellow daal is delicious especially when you ask for it to be spicy (if you like spicy food). Without spice it's really good too. Their food is always fresh tasting and flavorful. I prefer the goat or lamb biryani over the chicken because the chicken biryani is pretty bland. For my folks who don't like spicy, their chicken tikka masala is very good. With our meal we always order plain rice and a bread basket, which includes onion, garlic and other flavors of naan and roti (great for dipping in the sauces of your entrees). I always hate when restaurants give me cold food or cold bread, but Ruchi never disappoints and gives me fresh hot food! If you want a good dessert that's refreshing after the heavy meal you just had, order the kheer, which is rice pudding. It's so fresh and not too sweet so it'll cleanse your palate from all that food and will satisfy you. Yum I'm craving Indian food now.
Spent the day at 911 Museum and Observatory. Found this restaurant a block away. Never had Indian food before but wanted to try it. There were 5 of us. Overall the food was very good. We all enjoyed our dishes, except for the goat stew. It was way too spicy for my husband to eat. Would definitely come back.
Went in when we were super hungry after a long day visit to Statue of Liberty and the food here was amazing. Just lifts up the mood and energy.Their Paneer Makhni, Fried Rice and Garlic naan were all too good.The portions were good for 2. Perfect Indian Restaurant!
This place is very close to Ground Zero. We stopped here on a weekend for late lunch. There was no buffet. This is a smallish place, nicely decorated, with an attached bar. We ordered a fish curry, veg jalfrezi, bread basket, and vegetable biriyani. Overall, the food was disappointing. It was mild in spice and flavor, almost making it a very unIndian fare. Price did not seem reasonable for the portions served. The waiting staff was good and so was the overall service. If you want the real Desi flavor this may not be the best option.
My second visit to NYC and first visit to Ruchi.This restaurant ambience is too authentic in such a way that it reminds me a temple and traditional ambience. I loved it.Coming to the taste of the food, we have ordered Samosa and Panner pakora, truly speaking both are not really great same time they are not bad also. They are edible. Quantity was really good but looks like pakora flour was not marinated.Prices are very cheap despite placed in worlds most reputed place. Would come back for sure to taste something else.
Pros: line moves fast despite the long line, all menu items are 50% off during lunch; samosas were very flavorful, food comes out quickly.Cons: Entrees do not include rice or Naan, must be ordered separately- this is where the cost starts to add up during lunch. Also, the Naan was hard and crispy rather than soft and chewy.
Second chicken tika lunch box. It was better than the first when I upgraded to a spinach side dish. Very tasty and I'll definitely be back.
Decor - beautiful / ethnic Hostess & Staff : professional, courteous /Friendly Food- Good & tasty Indian food. Service - prompt Price- Lunch is 50% off therefore i can't complain! I am surprised by some negative feedback.... but I am certainly coming here again!
Came here with my husband for our Sunday date night, I wanted my husband to try Indian food. We order 2 appetizers and 2 entrees and they were all very tasty. We especially enjoyed the lamb dishes. Now for the cons, the food took longer than expected since the restaurant was pretty empty. Also, when we went to add the tip, we noticed that tip was already included! As a New Yorker, I found this very odd since there has been a lot of negative feedback for restaurants that do this. Not cool especially for a party of two people.
When I entered there were many awards listed on the wall.. Heightened my hopes and then when checked the menu and price thought this might be really good place for my taste. But totally disappointed. I ordered masala dosa.. Size is fine with the price..no complaints there.. But really felt that sambar was not at all fresh and served old one.. Taste was really weird.. I am indian so I can sense when the food is old. They should maintain what they promote.Not recommended!
This is my favorite Indian restaurant for PESHWARI NAAN and Fish tikka. In addition, I love Mango Lassi, which is always refreshing and in a desert I love RASMALAI. The place is cozy and very cute. All the staffs like cashier and floor staffs are very friendly and good to me and my friends.I would love to come again with my friends :)
Let me give you the background. I am an Indian and was starving for Indian food for quiet long. Seeing the place I was delighted and was also sold to the 50% off on entrees.The had ordered 4 entrees chicken chilli, goat chilli, chicken butter masala and panner masala. The food was extremely delicious and was beyond the expectations. The rice and naan was also good. I would say its value for money.
Horrible service-horrible attitude.1. No system to keep track of people while you wait in line; A person cut us in line in front of the waitress and no comments were made2. Took over 25 minutes for food to come.  After we ordered, everyone around us got their food first.  Management did not notice and even after multiple times of voicing ourselves did they realize that their IT systems did not deliver our order to the kitchen3. We did not get what we ordered for in the Veg Thali.  The waitress justified herself by saying "you were rushing us..so we gave you different foods instead"4.  Bad attitude.  All that the employees could say was "ok" when we complained about the long wait and the lack of service.  Most places would reduce the price of the dish after the number of issues we encountered, but Ruchi did notFood quality was overall okay, but this place really needs to work on their service.
Left a bad taste in my mouth this last time around... I've visited Ruchi several times in the past with colleagues and always considered it a good place (except for the fact that you don't get rice or naan with your dishes and have to pay extra for it). This time around, I reserved for a party of 12 for holiday a lunch for 12:45pm. The management asked that we come in earlier so we said OK and showed up there at 12:15 and spoke to them on the phone 3 times in two days confirming that we were coming early and that it was a party of 12. Long story short, showed up there with everyone at once, the tables were not setup, they attempted to sit us separately because there were others sitting at tables where they couldn't combine it together. Manager did absolutely nothing to help and said she had to wait for the customers to finish eating there food (mind you there we plenty of empty tables at that time so they could have seated them anywhere). We were in limbo for about 15 minutes and the two guys sitting at one of the tables offered to move which was so kind of them to do so that our tables can be combined. I had to help move tables with the waitress to combine them. Overall, disappointment with how the manager handled the situation. No offer of any kind of a discount (at least don't take money from the two guys who volunteered to move themselves). I was honest and told her that, after 3 phone calls confirming my appointment, this should have not happened and was inexcusable. Food was good, our waitress went out of her way to try to make it better for us the remainder of the lunch. At the end of it all, the manager came by and asked how we were and I told her we were full so in a better mood but I know in the future never to bring a party of 10 or more here. I hope that she can learn from this mistake (if she really does care about her customers) and not make "we are a small place" an excuse for incompetence on her end after I made 3 phone calls confirming our appointment and accommodated them by agreeing to come in earlier so that it is better for them.
I was so excited when I saw their 1/2 off deal for lunch! Its a steal for a restaurant near Wall St. The food at Ruchi was mediocre- I would not pay full price  for the food here.The few times I did come to eat here, I arrived between 12-1230PM. It gets packed around 1PM so try to go in around 12PM. The waitress was very pleasant. She answered all of our questions about the food and did not hesitate to give us recommendations. I absolutely love the light fixtures in here!!!
Highly Recommend their lunch box. Some of the curries on the menu I have tried I have either liked a lot or I have not liked at all. But overall I am ready to take my chances due to authentic taste. Their tikkas and grilled meat is a sure shot success. Enjoy!
Delicious food and great lunch special deal! The best Indian food you will find in the area :)
Stopped in for lunch. Super tasty Indian food and efficient, friendly service. The Aloo Gobi and Chicken curry dishes were so well done, quickly served and were complemented nicely with fresh naan (lots of flavors, we tried Peshwari which was delicious!). While I usually stay away from sweet drinks, I decided to try a mango lassi because it seemed everyone was ordering it. Very glad I did!
There is nothing like finding a good Indian restaurant.  I highly recommend this place. I went here for lunch with friend, and even though it was crowded and had to wait for a table, the service was fantastic. The servers are very friendly and quick to attend to our needs.We ordered the samosas, lamb korma, chicken masala among other appetizers, and I cannot begin to describe how delicious everything tasted.  The sauces was so good!If you are in the area, I would suggest you give iy a try, welk worth it.
Total rubbish. Worst Indian food you will have. I ordered paneer Burji, aloo baingan. I haven't had such worst food in my life.  The vegetables were dripping in oil.Better stay away from this crappy restaurant
This is a great place for those looking for authentic Indian cuisine in the middle of the financial district. I had the goat curry and it was so flavorful and satisfying!! Very reasonably priced too!!
Nothing great about this place. Ordered Chicken Tikka and chilli chicken. Chicken tikka was so sweet and chilli chicken was sour. As a north Indian, who knows how these dishes should taste like I was very disappointed! I visited this place after 2 years and the quality of food has gone down. Definitely not worth the price we paid.
This place is like a hole in the wall. ambience is ok.. a little congested. but the food is good. we ordered bhindi masala and daal fry. Both the curries were good. But seeing the place and ambience, I found it a little overpriced. 2 curries and 2 chapati cost us $50. And we were just 2 people and they added 15% gratuity by themselves which we did not find right. We were any ways tipping them but for 2 people it didn't seemed right.
Food is tasty but little pricy as compared to other Indian restaurants in the area. Little cozy with average service. Mostly Indian food is server with rice but almost everything is ala carte at this place.
Spectacular! Just the spice in my life that I needed!
I would not go back to the restaurant because the lady who took our order  was very arrogant and rude. Also  serve white people faster.  I cleary saw the  recism.  The food was ok but I felt the roti was too crispy like pappad but she said thats the way it suppose to be. In short she didnt listen to me and when my co worker supported me she took it back. She gave me another one after 15 min when my lunch was over. (I mentioned clearly  it that if its gonna take long than  take  this back ) but she brought anotherone.  I am talking here  for a lady who stands at reception. She thinks people come here are fool.  AND not just me, my coworker also felt the same way. Over all, I would  never reccommend  this restaurant because of their Customer Service.
Best Indian food for delivery in the downtown area!  My favorite items ordered were the reshmi kebab, plain naan, chicken tikka masala and the chicken biryani (spicy)!
Food - Not great, cold and below average..Sambar for dosa was very plain and didn't had any flavor.Location - only Indian restaurant in lower Manhattan..Better to avoid for people who eat Indian food like everyday.
my favorite take-out tikka masala in the city, and I've had a lot of tikka masala. once the food arrived pretty late, like a couple hours, but every other time was fine. I wish the lunch entrees came with some naan, too, but honestly it's so good I'm still gonna give em a 5.
Been to this place twice and loved it both times!!We ordered a lot of items the first time. Both meat and vegetarian was good. The second time, we ordered all vegetarian. Daal Makhani was great! But what stood out was Paneer Bhurji. One of the best I have had in a while.The food is very tasty. Each of the recipes have their distinct taste, rather than just the one or 2 gravy like most of Indian Restaurants.The Lassi is not great. Breads are alright, but could be better. Otherwise I could give it 5 star.The restaurant decor is nice. Location is ideal - right next to WTC, with a view of the WTC!
It's hard to rate because the dosas are great and a generous portion. Very disappointed when we ordered take out last night and payed $13 for malai kofta which had ONLY 2 loft as in it! Seriously?!?! I was appalled and the koftas were so hard. My husband I were very disappointed. We will not be ordering North Indian from here and will go back to our regular place.
This is one of the worst Indian meals I've had in my life. The food was pea sized, not authentic and the curry was sweet despite my request to make it spicy. They charged me 18% gratuity which is fine except that the service was terrible.
Such a bad place to go in New York. To shady and loud place, with no ambience. After waiting for 20 min waiter asked for our order and then messed up the order and came back to us asking for ordering again. Our food did not arrived even after 1hr. Even after all these mess, the staff was not even sorry for spoiling our evening.Please don't go to this place, very bad service and too loud.
Amazing... Ordered Pepper Garlic Naan with Malai Kofta with Mint Lassi and total bill less than $20... Perfect with 50% off during lunch.
Tasty food, great service, reasonable price. If you are looking for a good lunch option in the FiDi this is definitely the solid option for Indian food.
Real taste of indian food.Cost is also cheap compare to Seattle.I have added more food thinking that it won't be enough. But, just one chicken curry and one gravy bowl is enough to fill your stomach.
Wow! randomly got a craving for Indian food while down in the financial district and found this place thanks to Yelp. When we saw a line of Indians waiting outside the restaurant we knew the place had to be legit, and it didn't disappoint. The tandoori prawns were a highlight, as was the chicken madras and lamb vindaloo. Also, lunch is 50% off and drinks were $2 off (aka $4 glasses of wine) so we ended up with three entrees, an appetizer, a side, and five glasses of wine for just over $60. Hard to beat that! Will definitely go back.
Went there after a tiring day of touring. The food was served hot and had a medium spicy level, which we loved. The serving could have been done better. We had to call upon the servers a couple of times to take our order etc.
This was my first foray into Indian food and I am so happy I tried this place because it was a fantastic meal. Lunch specials are 50% off most of their entrees, as well as the naan and rice -- making it a pretty sweet deal for a sit down lunch in the FiDi. I tried the Chicken Tikka Masala with plain naan and their rice. They gave large chunks of chicken in a delicious sauce. It was so creamy and flavorful that I kept dunking my naan in. The portions were great for lunch and with getting both the naan and the rice, I was left pretty full. The service was also very nice and the food came out pretty quickly. Definitely will be coming back here to try the other things on their menu.
wOw ;) I just happen to walk into this place randomly and I'm definitely happy to have selected it! Great customer service and the food was delicious! ;) I came during lunch hour and they happen to have a great deal going on. You should definitely give Indian food a try!
I went here a few months ago with my friend and I remember it being very good. I love Indian food, and although their food isn't the best I've had comparatively, it isn't bad at all. I had Chicken Korma, my favorite Indian dish and I enjoyed it, though i found myself comparing it to other Indian restaurants in my head. It's a small restaurant on a side street, close to the World Trade Center. It only has one bathroom, though it is very clean. They also had a few very good looking waiters, which was a nice surprise. All in all, I would recommend Ruchi to people who don't know Indian food very well or like small, cozy restaurants. I would rate this a 3.5, but this rating system doesn't have decimal points so I just went with a four.
Delicious!I loved this little tiny place.Great flavors, and I also love that it's a lunch Indian joint- without a buffet.  I sort of hate Indian buffets.Great portion sizes too!
Excellent food and service. We ordered the lamb saag and lamb roganjosh and the taste was phenomenal and each dish had nice sized chunks of lamb. The roganjosh sauce was very aromatic and mild, just as advertised on the menu. It was perfect for my eight year old daughter. The service was attentive and well practiced. They knew exactly when to fill our water glasses and when to check on us to see if things were alright. We went early on a Friday night about 6:30 and it was nearly full so it might be different at other times. We will come back again.
I am a bit skeptical of a place that has two prices on the menu - - one for lunch and one for dinner when the entrees are the same, but alas, I went there for lunch so we had the cheaper priced entrees. I thought that the food was good and they had a nice selection of Indian beers as well.  All of the food is served ala carte so to get some rice and or naan with your Indian fare is going to cost you extra. The portions were standard sized although I wish the Chicken Tika Masala had a bit more chicken in it. The wait staff was friendly.  :)
I thought of going there seeing some good reviews and realized that it was not true. We got some food but may be some food was not cooked freshly and we realized badly on the day itself. Only for 2 of us they added 18% gratuity, which was disappointing and unethical. It should be for 5 or more. Customers should have freedom to choose how much they want to give as tip.
First Indian restaurant I have ever seen who charges for Ritha if we order a biryani. Too pricy for its taste.. Or quality.  Very less in quantity, ppl can be greedy... Can make business but not this way.
Can't believe this place only has 3.5 stars. The food was so good we licked the plates. We ordered rice with fruit in it, I know weird but the waiter was nice enough to steer us clear of it, I'd rather they be honest and better my experience. The chicken masala is so good don't miss out.
I always drool for the rich buttery texture of Ruchi's vegetarian dishes. The flavors and taste are well crafted, and of all the Indian restaurants in FiDi, BPC--and Tribeca area included--this one has the boldest preparation and consistent marks on a flavor-full delivery. Sure the in-house service at times is bit lack-luster, but get over that part of the experience, accept it as charming, and your stomach and taste-buds will be intoxicated with filling, traditional Indian that always hits the spot.
The Financial district can get dead fast after 5PM, and I think many will neglect to notice some of the restaurants around this area. However, gems like Ruchi remain open for dinner, and it's indefinitely a solid option especially if you enjoy Indian food. A fine Indian cuisine restaurant, it's very nice, laid back but certainly a more intimate spot that works great for a small group and/or a date. It's fine dining, but without breaking the bank and without the pretentious service. If you work in the Financial District or commute to/from the Path trains, there are places like Ruchi that are easily glanced over but certainly worth a try.What I like about Ruchi is the very inviting atmosphere and attention to the decor. The space itself is on the small side but not at all cramped. Tables are covered in white tablecloth. The lighting is all dim and walls are all painted red. There is the addition of ornamental and colorful patterned ceiling lamps above. The surroundings are well-adorned and cultural, but not tacky. Overall, the cultural decor and colorful surroundings create a wonderful, warm ambiance. Came here on a Thursday evening for a casual dinner with my husband. The waitress greeted us warmly, and we were immediately seated. It was not at all busy, with only one other couple seated at the time. For our orders, we went with an appetizer of Samosas; for entree, the Chicken Tikka Masala and Goat Curry; for sides, Garlic Naan bread and Basmati Rice; and lastly, for dessert, Gulab Jamun (fried cottage cheese balls dipped in syrup) and Kheer (rice pudding). Samosas were very delicious, crispy and had a sufficient filling of potatoes and peas. The Garlic Naan was delightfully warm, soft bread with a touch of garlic for flavor. It was so good that we ended up ordering a second serving (and don't get me started on how much I love Naan!) The rice was definitely necessary as our Chicken Tikka Masala and Goat Curry were well-seasoned and spiced dishes. The goat was small tender bits with bone intact; very very tasty. The Chicken Tikka was crispy on the outside and very moist on the inside. It was perhaps one of the best Chicken Tikka Masalas I have had in the city. At the end, we couldn't decide between two desserts and they let us sample half of both desserts which was nice of them. Highly recommend the rice pudding and especially the Gulab Jamun which is a different type of dessert and very sweet (but don't eat it too fast as the cottage balls are steaming hot). Overall, dinner was a truly authentic and satisfying meal. Portions may look small, but don't be fooled. You'll be good with one entree each and a side of naan or rice.Ruchi is worth checking out. It's Indian cuisine at a very fine level, but again, it doesn't break the bank and you won't be dealing with pretentious service. Waiters are very friendly and attentive. What's also nice is that they recommend the type of wine to complement each dish. Perfect for dinner, but they also have deals for lunch, and they do deliver.
Good Indian food in the busy area. Almost every item were fresh and tasty. Value for the money. Nice ambience even though small available space and clean restroom.
Paneer makhani tasted like paneer tossed in tomato ketchup. The aloo chaat was fine. The tandoori roti could have been better it had butter on it.
I used to work in the area and used to love coming here for lunch. I just love how small and cozy it is. They also have an amazing lunch special during the week. I usually get the chicken tikka masala with rice and I'll add naan if un really hungry. It never disappoints. The waitresses are very nice and are open to recommending items. I had a dish that was made in a butter sauce one time and it was delicious. Sadly, my stomach didn't agree well with it :(. They also have a very good mango lahsi.
Great Food! Great Price! Great Service! We went at lunchtime were they offered a great selection of Buffet Food, but we ordered off the menu. Everything was cooked fresh. A must for any curry fan.Only a 4 star as they do not have a license to sell Kingfisher.
Really good food and great service. Easy to get reservation on a Friday night. Now, it is a bit tricky to see from the street. It's tucked into the corner w O'Haras all around.
The lamps and decor are so pretty! Been here once with a friend and took advantage of the lunch special! Our lunch all together came out pretty cheap, which was amazing. We got chana saag, chicken korma, rice with peas, and naan. All were really good and flavorful. The chana saag is quite spicy, so ask your waiter to make it super mild if you can't handle a lot of spice. Chicken korma wasn't really spicy at all though. Overall, would go here again.
Wonderful Indian - Cozy, excellent service. Every time I get near the World Trade Center, I make a point to come here. Excellent food, the place is super cozy and had a feel good atmosphere and the staff is very friendly. Love it here.
This place is horrible in terms of hygiene. They don't even care to wash the cutlery. We recently went to have lunch and found a big hair in the kofta curry. There were food particles in the glasses. The owner is rude and was hesitant to accept when I showed her the state of curry. When they got the replacement the curry was not even well cooked. Frozen kofta were immersed in hot curry and served.They should seriously undergo sanitation inspection and I am sure this place will close.I am giving two star just for the taste of food.
Best Indian food restaurant in lower Manhattan. I visit the place every time I come to NYC from Los Angeles. Lunch is great with 50% discount for some dishes.
Delicious! Great Indian food with solid customer service - try the masala dosa and the aloo papri chaat. The one downside is that it's a little pricey for Indian food (which costs pennies on the dollar to make) - but hey, rents are high! Would absolutely recommend :)
The service was amazing and the food was great!! Nice ambiance & the best part is heated booth seats!! Be prepared though if you ask for it to be spicy  :)  it can get hot!!
This was my first online order using Yelp (how I found out about Ruchi) and EAT24.  I did the pickup option because Ruchi is literally less than a block away from my office.  I ordered 20 minutes before I arrived to pick up my food.  It was ready when I walked in and I was out in no time (less than a minute).  They were also very friendly in there.The Indian restaurants around here tend to be mediocre but this was different.   I ordered shrimp biryani (hot) and chicken samosa.  The biryani had the right amount of hot (although I can handle hotter) and the chicken samosa filling was good.  The amount of food they give you is decent. I am now curious as to the other items on their menu and can't wait to try it. I am definitely going to be ordering from this place again as a lunch option now that I know it exists...even as early as tomorrow so I bring some of their food home for my sister to try since we will be getting snow this weekend.
Avoid this shitty place. Horrible food and most horrible service people. Mandatory 15% tip for junk food. Avoid this place
I have been to this place twice, however this is my first review. The first time it was for lunch, me n my husband. First time experience was average. The second time we were 6 friends altogether for lunch again. The staff was least bothered to seat us. Waited at the door like for 20 mins. Since this place is very cozy there were 4 other people standing behind us. The tables were empty but still made us wait.Later we started ordering and saw 50% off for the north Indian food. So we ordered 2 appetisers to start off.The appetiser portions really sucked. A portion of tandoori mushroom had only 3 pieces and after the discount the price was 3$ change.The other one was veggie fritters, this too had like only 4 or 5 pieces.Now was the time to order our entrees, so ordered couple of breads and 3 curries. The staff on board dint agree for we ordering only 3 curries. He said since 6 of you'll are here you need to order 6 individual curries. This was really insane. The staff had no courtesy to explain or compromise for what we were saying. The curries were average. Finally we had over 2 and half portions of curries left. In between we wanted some extra breads so we ordered 2 garlic naans. The staff was like order 4 at once coz we cant make again another batch. I was like excuse me, we want only 2 naans and why the hell do you want us to order 4????????? He made a frown face and got the naans. Once we finished our meal the staff came so fast and cleared the tables n dint even bother to ask if we wanted the remaining portions to be packed.No conditions were mentioned anywhere on that 50% off tariff. Added to this they also charged gratuity.Felt utter crap and disappointed with this place. Will never go back.
I love Indian food...I guess I love food in general as does everyone else on yelp. But I don't get hankerings for just any cuisine. There is something so familiar about good naan and saag paneer that makes me wonder if I might've been Indian in a past life. I'm sure many of my Indian friends would tell me all the places I like are no where as authentic as the food they cook at home. But they'll have to leave me and my proverbial General Tso's chicken alone.At first I thought it was pretty lame that even plain naan had to be ordered separately, but we ended up only paying half price for everything as a lunch special on Northern Indian food. They must really want to get rid of that Northern Indian food. We ordered plain naan, onion naan, saag paneer, and tandoori chicken. It ended up being only $17.30 for two very satisfied people..which is an amazing for the area.Oh dear, I'm going to have to make the hour and a half commute to come here again.
Love this place. Despite the usually long wait time I'm still giving it 5 stars.Kind of bias since this place is so close to work it's quite convenient for me. However, their lunch specials are a huge deal. 50% sit-ins for lunch.My usual order is the chicken makhani. I've tried the chicken tikka masala and the the chicken saag as main dishes. All of them are good. Even though the portions look small too they're very filling.I've also tried the samosas and garlic naan and again, both are good.Sometimes they do rush you during lunch, but I understand that since it's small and there's always a huge line of workers taking lunch waiting to sit down.
Delicious food!  Since I live fairly close to the restaurant, I go at least once a month or every two months.  I love the tamarind rice and I try to go for the 50% off lunch special.
I work near here and it's definitely a place I recommend.  The lunch special are great and even in the evening they didn't lights and the ambience is great.  The food is tasty and the it's affordable.
Great Indian food. So many different choices and very flavorful. They have 50% off lunch offer during the weekday (11-3:30) and happy hour too from 3 pm.Had the lamb kali mirchi (sp?) and it was spicy goooood.
Arrogant staff, poorly cooked food, long wait, not kid friendly place. I would not waste my time coming here again.
Before I go into details, if I was to base this review on pleasant past experiences at Ruchi, I would give it 3.5 stars. However, this latest experience most definitely warrants 1 star!My wife and I headed to Ruchi because we were near FiDi and were craving some Indian food. When we entered around 12:30, the waitress pointed us to a table for 2. That table, however was immediately adjacent to the bathroom - not a particularly choice location! I pointed to another table for 2 in the opposite corner, only to be told that that entire section was for "reservation only". This "section":, was basically a little more than a third of the restaurant and there was NO ONE sitting at any of the tables.Anyway, we said OK and sat down at a table for 4 instead, because anything is better than getting a whiff of the bathroom every time someone opens the door. We were served water and we looked through our menus. When we were ready to order, a family of 3 walks in. A waitress looks at us and says "Can you move to that table?", as she points to the bathroom special.I stared at her with this incredulous expression on my face - there's a THIRD of the restaurant empty!!! She once again informed me that those seats were for reservation only! They must get a ton of reservations on Monday afternoons post-12:30!!While I am very accommodating most of the time, asking us to move after seating us and pouring us water, and to a seat that we specifically asked NOT to be seated at, is absolutely unacceptable.If those 8-10 tables are indeed "reservation only", the correct solution is to ask anyone else who comes in, to wait. My wife and I suggested that we leave almost in unison.The whole experience was ridiculous. I wonder if those "reservation only" tables ever filled up that BUSY Monday afternoon!I will not be dining here again.
hit or miss. If you are lucky the chef is experienced and generous. If you are unlucky, your order is messed up and  comes  lukewarm.One thing for sure is that their website is not updated the prices there are not accurate. The bill you receive is a lot more expensive than what the price was showing online. I called them several times on it but nothing changed
Decent food but we once found a hair in our dosa and they were not even apologetic! They even had the audacity to put it on the check! And again no apologies for that.. Service is not great here.
Great causal spot, which is kind of rare in this part of town. The food is excellent and cheap for the area, although there is usually a short wait for a table during lunchtime. Overall a great place to get your Indian fix without too much fuss.
I thought the portion sizes were small. I am used to large portions of Indian food. But at lunch time - it it a steal. 50% off dine in. My coworkers and I always spent $33 for 3 us. We share a big naan and 3 entrees.The goal is Halal!
*****   This is a GREAT LOCAL INDIAN restaurant in the WALL STREET area.  They have some great seafood entrees, (Shrimp Masala, sooo good)  that I loved. I asked for not too spicy, and the FOOD THEY BROUGHT WAS INCREDIBLE.  I ordered fried rice in addition to the shrimp entree (Shrimp Masala).  The food service there is amazing too.  They were playing traditional Indian music, however, it was not intrusive since it was not loud or disruptive in anyway.Yet another thing I loved were the INDIAN LAMPS all near the ceiling....JUST BEAUTIFUL DECOR.  I would highly recommend this place if you love small places, but with great food, service, and a light Indian ATMOSPHERE.   *****
2 stars only for the OK food served .The staff is way too RUDE.. especially the girl serving makes such a spoiled face that can kill half of Ur hunger.Also according to staff u Shud eat fast as they have limited space .Can u blv that ...ur being told to finish asap as other guests are waiting.... quantity of curry served is sufficient although the lady kept on insisting that the quantity may not be sufficient and we cannot take orders again and again as we expect too much evening rush so order everything in bulk (advance).How much I wished I should have taken a Sub near by instead of paying $74 (10% tip is included already) for listening to all the non-sense .
I love Ruchi. So much. When I come into this place, I get this heart-warming feeling that I can't even describe. But if I were to describe it, I'd say that it feels like my life is complete. Like everything I've ever done or worked towards is nothing. Because all that matters is Ruchi. All that matter is being at Ruchi, with my friend Amity, who also loves Ruchi, maybe as much as I do, but probably not because I love it with my entire heart, soul, and spirit. Would I recommend Ruchi to a friend? Only if my friend deserves the best that life has to offer.
Dined here after going to the 9/11 museum and my husband and I were very pleased with the food. We had the Boti Kabab for an appetizer along with traditional Naan bread and it was delicious. For dinner, my husband ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala with regular rice and I ordered the Chicken Kadhai with Tamarind Rice. My husband liked his entree and I absolutely loved mine. The spice was very good and the Tamarind Rice was the bomb! Overall, the restaurant is a little gem with great food. I'm giving it only 4 stars because the portions were small which it's not the norm when it comes to Indian food. The rice wasn't included with the entree. And in the middle of our meal other patrons came in and were very loud even talking on speaker phone with the volume to the max and no one in the restaurant approached them to make them stop.
I've been there for a total of three times now (four if you include take out).  The first time I was there we had a tandoori fish and some curries along with some specialty nan.  We both looked at each other as to not sure if we should have ordered it, since we didn't know what to expect. It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, and the sauce was absolutely delicious.  The curries were a nice sized portion.  We were stuffed to our guts.Second time I was there, I had an urge to get curry since they had a 50% lunch special.  Boy did we feel cheated, it may be 50% off but you definately get less than 50% of the dinner portion.  My curries were mostly sauce, there were only like 2-3 pieces of meat in each dish.  We were discouraged from ordering one of the specialty dishes because it would take 20 minutes and they needed to get people in and out of the restaurant.  Lesson learned - avoid this place for lunch.Last time, went back there for dinner again.  Order my favorite tandoori fish, but was quite disappointed this time around.  The fish was much drier this time and the sauce that I loved so much was pretty much non existant. What happened in such a short period of time?
Took my 5 year old for Indian. Casual restaurant with great food and service.  Try the home made mango chutney and BBQ salmon.
Loved the food. Service was great and people very friendly. Right next to 9/11 memorial.
What a great experience. Great service. Great food. Reasonably priced for the great quality of food. The lamb pasad was excellently cooked. The spices were right on and the meat cooked perfectly. The naan was not greasy and was slightly crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. I even asked if they could change to the nba finals and they quickly changed it even though I could tell the waiter was watching the woman's Fifa World Cup .
I've been a happy customer for years - Ruchi is hands down the best Indian food we've ever had. Every time these guys hit a home run, whether we're dining in or ordering delivery. Do yourself a favor and give these guys a try...
(Visiting from California) My husband and I really enjoyed the food, service, atmosphere, music, decor & lighting. Beautiful night time view of the Freedom Tower from the windows along the sidewalk. Totally recommend this restaurant.
The food is really good, the lunch has half price (but also half as big) but very tasty and the staff very friendly. I absolutely recommend!
Quality of food is good. The taste is average. They give 50% off during lunch hours!! Sounds awesome right? But, when you order, they put absurd terms and conditions!
Got food poisoning here after ordering take out. Ordered the butter chicken and as the first time I got sick I didn't immediately jump to the cause but now it's clear and it sucks as it tasted great but getting that sick simply isn't worth it.  Really a shame, they have to be much more sanitary and take better precautions as to not get people sick.
I may have to take a trip to NYC just for this restaurant alone. I loved the decor, loved the food and staff was wonderfully sweet. My friends, who live in walking distance, took me and I couldn't thank them enough. My only suggestion, if you are sensitive to spicy food, let the staff know to go light on the heat level for you. I tried a sample platter and it was the perfect way to try a bunch of their delights! Definitely will visit Ruchi EVERY time I am in NYC. I was also thankful, they had the women's world cup on the tele while I was there. :-)
What a great lunch stop.  50% off even on Saturday.  Tried the chicken masala.  White meat Chicken as promised.  Spicy but with a twist of a hint of coconut.  Not heavy. Unique.  Naan perfect.  Plenty of local Indian patrons eating with their bread instead of a fork tells you how perfect the breadIs.   Can't wait to come back.
Visiting for business, went here for dinner.  Wait staff was very nice, and they gave a good recommendation based on my tastes.  I would go back, really enjoyed how low key it was and the waiter was seriously nice
Very nice and friendly little place.Loved their  Masala Dosa great  for appetizer to share.  Other entrees we ordered: Lamb Madeira -- very lean and tasty with a bit of of spicy bite:  very good: ****  Ajwani salaoni Machi --  cubes of fish in a marinate of herbs and spices with lime ****I will be back to try more variations of their Masala Dosa!
Such a good lunch place.  They have good food at great prices, but more importantly they are the only Indian option around, so I am so grateful for the variety.It can get crowded, but the service is usually great.  I always get the curries and sometimes the taste or consistency of a dish will change from week to week, but it's always good.
Ruchi is definitely a hidden gem in the financial district. I only go for the lunch special (50% off all dishes on the menu) and am a regular here. The lunch specials are same portions as if you ate outside of the lunch special (12pm to 3pm).For indian food, this is certainly the best in financial district. I've been to almost all (Tandoor Palace, Baluchi's, Benares ...) and it's a great deal too.The waitresses are attentive and the food comes out quick. I usually go for the chicken tikka masala with saffron rice and chicken naan (4 pieces), which runs me about $12 for all. I also suggest the chicken makhani (butter chicken) and chicken vindaloo (which they make extremely spicy!)
Great food and service , v ordered goat biryani, chicken tikka masala was really good...fancy restaurant lots of decoration lots of lights really liked it next time whenever I go would deff like to go back again
Was there a few hours back. Have been a frequent visitor to this place, they do serve awesome food. However today was probably the last I visited this place, the server demanded 50% of the total bill upfront as a tip. Listening to this I refused to pay any tip and by this these girls started abusing us among themselves. Example.... shame on such people.
Another Seamless Web night in, and I decided to try my hand at Indian food from Ruchi.  Scanning the menu, I noticed all of the usual selections, so I went with my standby of Lamb Vindaloo ($13.95).  I was quite surprised with the selection.  I mean it is a fairly straightforward dish and all, boneless lamb, potatoes, sauce, and rice.  However, the lamb was quite tender and it clearly had been braised in its sauce because it really took on a lot of the flavor.  That made each bite a joy to eat.  The potatoes were soft and worked well.  My slights would be for the sauce not being as spicy as I would like and for the rice not being pristine.  Overall though, this was easy, reliable Indian food at an agreeable price point in a part of town where there are not many great ethnic eateries.  I would order from them again.3.5 stars
After a long day spending the time at the 9/11 memorial , we decided to try Indian food , which was just around the corner . Waitress was kind and friendly .But the food was real bad , we found a rubber band in our food , the manager didn't even bother to say anything to us . Didn't even care or apologize . That being said , we ordered masala dosa , potatoes were smelling aka ROTTEN ROTTEN.
Ok, so if you find yourself in the financial district close to the Century 21 store on a weekend afternoon when it's cold outside and don't feel like walking 10 blocks you'll realize that the options are VERY limited. This is how you'll most likely end up in this place. In terms of taste the food is just ok - I have definitely seen much better and unfortunately I've seen worse. The serving unfortunately is below mediocre - if you are lucky you'll get their usual starters (I didn't). And with a maximum of about 10 tables you would think they'll take your order and bring your check in a timely manner - they don't.And for the final touch you'll end up paying way more than expected since their portions are incredibly small and you need to order the rice separate (it doesn't come with the entrees).
It's a small place and it would be better if you have reservations done in advance. The food is okay and service was also good. Just a small tip- I ordered Indo Chinese fried rice and was disappointed, I was expecting it to be more Indian style and it was more Chinese style. Also they offer 50% off on North Indian lunch items (Monday- Friday).
I have eaten here several times. For some reason the quality keeps deteriorating. The food felt rushed out and it took the staff over 15 minutes to give us our check. Not happy with how things went. I wont be returning.
Nice, small little place in FiDi. They have lunch specials i.e. 50% off menu price. The portions are perfect for the price too. Gets busy during prime lunch time! Good food! Paneer (Cottage Cheese) Burjee with Roti highly recommended!
Why oh why do I keep going back to Ruchi....probably because its the only South Indian place in FiDi/Battery Park area....but I swear no more!!!! I have tried Ruchi several times and their food is always below average and their vada's sometimes are so hard that I need to soak it in the sambar for 10 minutes before its soft enough to eat. The sambar tastes alright and to be honest I can make better sambar at home! Their rava dosa is decent and their dosa filling is tasty but that is about it....nothing to write home about.Last year they were having trouble with the health inspection department and their rating was like a D or an F and they were about to be closed, but somehow managed to pull their act together. I should have known better, but decided to order food from there and my husband ended up finding a piece of glass in his dosa!! That put us off Ruchi for so long and finally after their rating went up we decided to try it again but nope....food is still below average! My suggestion, skip Ruchi, don't make a special trip out to come here....and even if you're here don't come! If you want good South Indian food in the city go to Chennai Garden in Murray Hill.....best South Indian that I have found!
I am being very generous with a 1 star rating. The food was very mediocre and i mean VERY. The service was nice though, friendly staff. Did i mention the food was Mediocre at best??It was rated C on the door, I dint see that before having our dinner, if i did I would not have gone in.Another thing which really pissed me off was that, even though we were only a party of 3, they included an 18% tip in our bill. Which I did not question because I dint want to make a big scene, but It definitely was outrageous. I would NOT GO HERE AGAIN.
I have eaten here twice. The chicken Marsala was sweet and had zero spice. the lamb was actually beef stew meat. You get a lot for your money, the people are nice, the ambiance is great but I cannot give more than 2 stars for false meat.
We recently moved into the area, and I knew that I needed (or hoped to find) 3 things close by: 1) a solid burger, 2) a good pizza place, and 3) a consistent even if not mind-blowing Indian joint to satisfy my craving for comfort food from the motherland. I've gotten takeout here several times now, so I can safely say I've managed to satisfy requirement #3 on my food move-in list. The restaurant itself is actually pretty chill, dimly lit and small which gives it a cozy feel. After going 2 times, the hostess started recognizing me and gives me free pappad while waiting for my food. A nice touch. As for the food-- I'm pretty traditional when it comes to eating at Indian restaurants, since as I mentioned I'm going for comfort. The chicken tikka masala here is quite good, reasonably spicy and flavorful. The naan was nicely cooked as well, slightly crunchy and not overly doughy. Overall, it's worth checking this place out if you live in the area or happen to be nearby. Think you'll find that this is a good place to satisfy a craving.
We went for dinner on a Thursday.  The service is prompt and friendly.  The food is good, not great, with a tendency toward the spicy side even if requested mild (as my wife likes it),  The goat served "balti" style was actually very good.  This approach combines whatever level of spiciness you wish with a marinated treatment. The location is a short walk from the hotels in the lower financial district.  We had pista kulfi (pistachio ice cream) for dessert, and that was also good.  The masala chai was average.  Would go bck.
We waited for 45 minutes to get seats. We had to struggle to get seats because they don't have defined way to track waiting people. They would place people according to their wish. When we got the table, they informed that there are no breads or tandoori available. They would have informed beforehand that there are no breads at all so people would make a choice whether they want to wait. I hope the management gets improved.
Portions look small, but are actually quite filling.  We shared mixed vegetable appetizers, 3 curries (shrimp, lamb and chicken) a biriyani and bread and it was more than enough for 4.  All that and a small dessert was about $17 each.  I used to also take out from here when I lived in battery park city.  They are quick and inexpensive...overall a good place.
I was just passing by and noticed this place. Their red awning caught my eyes.  Hey it a place I never tried, let's do it!I ordered the Curry Chicken Lunch box to go and it came out $8.70!2/5 stars for the high price.The lady and gent working there had very little personality.1/5 stars for service.After I returned to the office, I sat down to eat and I was surprised by the portion size.1/5 stars ; I need two orders to be full!The food is very good and tasty!4/5 stars (but not enough heat for curry)Average it out, it is about 3/5 stars.  They can do better; the food is very good.
Not quite a 5, but today's delivery was definitely 4.5 worthy.  The dinner special is still a great value and made even better by either a change in chef or recipes because the lamb saag was *spicy*.  My mouth is still pleasantly numb.  The samosas were better than before too.
Really great Indian food at a reasonable value. The service and decor were definitely on point, try the goat chilli and fish Mollie if you can.
I have only ever been to one other Indian restaurant besides this one, but I absolutely love this place and their food. The portions are perfect and reasonably priced, and their cheesy naan is unreal -- I think I had a whole basket to myself. Great dining experience, but I always leave EXTREMELY full!
Overall food was great. I had chicken tikka masala and roti. The amount of food you get is pretty good. I also had an excellent chicken tikka masala.My only concern is the fact that they got a "C" on their health inspection grade. The seating area of the restaurant itself seemed pretty clean and I didn't get sick after eating so I don't think its that bad.
Two things I love about this place:1: half off lunch if you dine in2. You can bring your own bottle.The food was okay the one drawback is the place is really small and I felt cramped.
The restaurant delivered wrong food and when I asked them to resend they took my old food and just replaced the wrong item and returned the rest of them all cold after 20 mins.. It was very disappointing and dissatisfying.. Very rude staff.. Will not recommend take out..
I LOVE THIS PLACE.  Indians I've spoken to while eating there say it is legit authentic.  Lunch is crazy busy so go earlier or after the regular noontime.
Wow, great Indian food in the financial district!  If they were cheaper, I'd eat here a LOT more. I love crispy dosas and this place has the crispiest I've ever tried.  They are almost too crispy.  At one point, I felt like I was trying to scoop up potatoes with crackers rather than dosa.  They do tend to skimp on the filling, so be warned.  Generous amounts of coconut chutney and the sambar is yummy and thicker than most places.  Also, there is a hint of ginger in the filling, which was a VERY nice surprise.Other things we have tried are the Paneer Pakora (cheese fritters), Bhindi Masala (okra), Chicken Tandoor, Chicken Saag, Saffron Malai Kabab (chicken skewers), and Mirch aur Baingan Salan (eggplant). The Paneer Pakora and Bhindi Masala were fabulous.  Although the Bhindi is better during the week; when it comes with fresh diced tomatoes and a nice helping of thick cut, sauteed onions,  the Sunday chef makes it heavier on spices, tomato-less and just a tad richer.  The eggplant was probably the weakest thing on the menu, but the Saffron Malai Kebabs more than made up for it.  Garlic naan is perfectly balanced and the rice is great.  The lunch special is 50% off Northern Indian dishes.  Lighting in the evenings is very poor, expect to strain your eyes to read the menu if you are not sitting by a window.
Easily the best Indian restaurant in the Financial District, but not the city.  I have never eaten at the actual restaurant but enjoy its delivery service on a regular basis.  The Chicken Tikka Masala comes in a thick red sauce (just how I like it, not too thin or overly creamy) and the Kadhai is a nice alternative for those of you looking to branch out from the Masala.  The samosas are spicer than average but the sauce is not (unless you specify otherwise).  You get two of them and they are on the small, but not tiny, side.I also tried the Aloo Papri Chaat which was served cold with tangy and white, yogurt-based sauce.  I would not recommend that appetizer for dieters since it is crispy and fried but, if you're into that sort of thing, you will also enjoy the fact that you get a generous portion. The naan and rice are both good, but nothing special.  I suspect that all of the dishes here are pretty solid but fall short of greatness.  And that's fine with me because I was starting to think that good Indian food was no where to be found in the FiDi.I recommend getting the dinner special because the size of the entree is almost the same as the regular entree size (the container just looks smaller) and you get an appetizer and naan in addition to the rice.  Another trick is to just order the chicken without paying the extra $2 for white meat.  I could swear it's white meat already.  I have paid the $2 before and saw no difference with the upgrade.  This is not the type of place that is going to slip you junky meat.  No worries there.  Also, the food here is slightly better priced than most Indian restaurants in Manhattan.I give this place 4 stars in comparison to the other Indian options in the area.  In another neighborhood, I might give this restaurant 3 stars.  Either way, I confidently recommend Ruchi to my friends.
Ok. This place had a C on the door when we visited, which we saw after we sat down.We decided to stay, and was allover very pleased. The food was good, service was quick, and prices was reasonable.Nothing special though, but would definitly go there again if I'm in the area.And for the health thing, we all survived with no issues.
I find this place pretty decent and very cheap specially lunch time... One entree is sufficient for two people... rotis are best in the area.. they are made up of wheat instead of maida flour... we were party of 5 and each one of us order one entree... lots of food was left at the end... We had dal makhni, malai kofta, paneer kadai, veg jalfrazi and fried rice...  dal makni and malai kofta were good... veg jalfrazi was below avg. paneer was ok... Indo-chinese fried rice was pretty bad... do not order that... Ambiance is nice and cozy...every dish was around $5-$6... thanks to 50% off on lunch.. will return for sure!
I'm a giant fan of Indian and this was one if the best places I've ever been. I heard NY has some great Indian places and it wasn't a lie. Get a masala or curry sauce item. Flavors' are fresh and intricate, like tasting something new and exciting every bite. This is a place I'll go to for every city visit. (and $6 lunch deals? As a broke student, that's what I'm all about)
Rich and delicious Indian food. My fav local spot for vegetarian Indian. In house service is always slow but get over yourself and get used to it. Food is super buttery and rich. One warning: "Fried Potatoes" on the yelp take-out menu are just French fries!
Had a pretty good dinner here. Generally a nice cozy place to sit down and makes for a nice date spot. For the dinner - we had the lamb appetizer, which was pretty delicious. And then for the entree we had a chicken curry and some parathas - which were also pretty good. Have also had seamless deliveries from here in the past and the food has been consistently good. The service at the restaurant was average though (hence the one star deduction).
We ordered biriyani and dosa for Togo. The dosa was good :) biriyani was also good and tasty. The biriyani was not authentic but was tasty. Well, we were glad to get food delivered after a long day.
Don't go here .. They took two hour to get 3 thali and tandoori .. Thali was ok .. Tandoori was smelling like toilet .. I returned it back .. Don't don't don't go here
Stumbled upon this restaurant while walking around FiDi.  Was surprised by the quality of food.  I have been to many indian places in nyc but the food here came closest to the authentic north indian food.
My favorite Indian restaurant yet. A large variety on the menu and everything I've tried has been fantastic. Shorted 1 star only because of a pricing issue. If you get takeout, rice is included. If you dine-in, rice is an extra $3. This seems odd to me. Otherwise, great place.
Great food and authentic cooking BUT it is so overpriced it's not even funny. There is much better indian food up by chambers street for a fraction of the price. This place appeals to gawky tourists near the 9/11 memorial. This place would get 4 stars if the prices weren't stupidly expensive.
Ruchi's a small charming restaurant that's hidden by the WTC area. The establishment is clean and you'll be attended to quickly. The entrées are 50% off, so it's a great place for weekday lunch. Actually, the price is almost on par with street meat prices. If I had to pick one, guess which one I'm choosing? Lol!For lunch, I had the chicken tikka masala to munch on and the mango lassi to wash it down, both were very good. My only complaint is that they kind of skimped out on the chicken, but for 50% off, I'm happy
Went there for lunch. Had saag paneer and okra. Both dishes were really good. Service and atmosphere are fine.
One of our neighborhood favorites that serves both South and North Indian cuisine.  I love that Ruchi is BYOB!! There are three great wine stores on our walk to Ruchi and we never walk in without a bottle.  Servers are pleasant and friendly.  Delivery service is quick.   Appetizers: Aloo papri chaat is delicious!!  Crispy wafers with fresh potatoes and chick peas, topped with cool chutney.  Soup: Ruchi makes one of my favorite bowls of Mulligatawny soup, available in different spice levels. Very tasty. Entrees:  I love their Idli and my bf always orders the hot pepper and onion utthapam. Both dishes are served witha bowl of hearty, vegetable-rich sambar and a tangy coconut chutney- all together very filling!  **Overall: Ruchi is serves is little BYOB neighborhood gem, serving delicious, affordable North and South Indian cuisine.
Staff sounded little rude. Food is way below average. I would suggest to look for an alternative.
Was here in NY for a few days and the first 2 days I tried food at the saffron Indian place and Bennie's Thai. Didn't like them at all. I was so wary to eat out again but I I'm glad I tried this place. I'm a vegetarian so ordered the malai kofta which was not just ok but delicious, so was the mango lassi.
This is by far my fav Indian spot. I am sitting in the Staten Island ferry terminal waiting for the next boat back to the island with my Ruchi take out almost to hot to keep on my lap, mouth watering and anxious to get home and eat. Yep I came all the way from Staten Island after discovering this gem almost 5 years ago while working downtown. My daughter and I " treat" ourselves once a month to the wonderful authentic food of Ruchi. It a small intimate space maybe 10 tables that pack up quick so get in early. Lunch is nuts due to the awesome half off deal on the whole menu. If you have never hAd Indian THIS SHOULD YOUR FIRST TRY! Made fresh the flavors are a taste medley of goodness. Everyone can find something from very mild to fire hot. They got a beer and wine license in recent years to round out the meal for us grown ups. Make it a date night and leave the kids at home ... The place is too small for loud kids. My favorite is the chicken tikka Marsala . My daughter is a curry chicken girl but today we got a small portion of the the lamb jedhi and it was the best lamb dish I have ever had with sautéed onions and red pepper set in a wonderful ginger infused gravy. Exceptional! Dinner for 2 will run a appropriately priced $50. Well worth it.
I came down at Ruchi on my recent trip to the city and it has been a great experience.  After dinning at many Indian resturants this is one of the rare few who serve authentic Indian food even for vegetarian.  The staff was caring and delicious food was served without delay
Horrible!! Be ware of them.Me and my colleague wanted to grab some good Indian food for lunch and found this place. checked out the lunch specials displayed on the board outside and decided to get chicken biryani. We placed the order for to go and we were charged $15.19. The board outside displayed $10.99, so we asked the hostess why was it $15.19 when the board outside read $10.99 and she thought for a while and replied oh that is special but I will give you coke instead. We said we did not want any coke but she had already charged us. We were dumb founded and obviously had to run back to work so did not waste any time but is this for real?  Clearly the rate advertised on the board was not what was charged. What is crazier is that after accepting the fact that she should have charged the advertised price for the biryani there is no apology , no explanation. Seriously?? I hate cheats. They are waiting to rip you off if you do not pay attention. In our case we ended up paying more as we had to rush back. Food was BELOW AVERAGE! AVOID them if you have other options available. NEVER going back, I can't eat at a place which is not honest.
I don't have anything funny to say, so let's break this down in list form:- FoodI have no idea what I ordered. The first vegetarian item had 4 different things listed with slash lines in between them. All four of those things are vegetarian dishes I'm familiar with, but the layout made it look like it was all four combined into one dish. That didn't make sense, so I asked for the Palak, and the waitress said "the potato?" and I said "no, the Palak" and she said, "Ah, you want the potato and spinach" and I said, "you know what? Surprise me" and I got a meal that was all four items combined into one dish. Now I'm confused.It was also gaverage. That's a word I made up for "good" and "average." It was good, in that it wasn't bad. It was average, in that it was all Indian food added together and divided by "n." Indian food is good on average. Ruchi shouldn't really get credit for being averagely good. - WaterHands down the worst tap water I've ever had in an Indian restaurant. They need to fire their supplier ASAP. Came in cool little cups though.- BathroomThere was one unisex bathroom built for a single occupant with a trashcan in front of the toilet for used pads and paper towels and a urinal right next to it. There was also pee on the seat. This was not a friendly bathroom for women or men that sit for some reason. Someday I want to open a Yelp account where I do nothing but review public bathrooms. I will call myself "Uri N."- ServiceThere was a language barrier, but I'm not sure what it was, because they spoke English. I think. They left my friend and I alone and I consider that good service. - OverallI don't have an overall but I didn't have a way to end it other than cutting this review off mid sente
Ruchi gets 3 stars from me for the fact that their food was good, but the portions and prices were just okay. A word of advice, they have 50% lunch specials on all North Indian food from 11AM - 3PM for dining in, which makes this a great spot to go and explore different Indian dishes. Thinking of it now, perhaps the portions were not that big BECAUSE of the 50% discount. Nevertheless, the food was good. As for the place, it's not that big and luckily we arrived early (12PM) to beat the lunch rush. After we were seated, the place quickly got packed.My coworkers and I had 3 appetizers: Samosas, Aloo Papri Chat, & Bhel Puri and we enjoyed all 3. Among a group of 4, the 3 appetizers was enough for us. For my entree, I had the Chicken Tikka Masala, which I also enjoyed. The dish was very flavorful. My only complaint would be that the entree did not come with Rice (I'm Asian so I don't understand "why" when dishes don't come with rice!), so we each ordered Naan as well as 2 orders of Rice (Note: 1 side of Rice is definitely enough to be shared between 2 people). The bill came out to $14 each in a group of 4 for 3 appetizers and an entree, so definitely not bad for lunch, but it would be a bit pricier for dinner.
When I'm working in NYC I stay at the hotel around the corner about 100 yeards away and I always look forward to having dinner at Ruchi's.The food is nice, the prices are good, and the service is done with a smile.  I usually have their lamb vindaloo.Try to sit away from the front door in winter.  When people come in or go out a gust of winter air greets those closest to the door.
Food: 3.5Service:2Ambiance: 2Ruchi has decent food - nothing fabulous but definitely not terrible. I tried it out because I had a voucher from kgbdeals ($12 for $30 worth). The location is what probably prompted them to market themselves on groupon-like sites in the first place - it's on a few streets off Broadway and right across the street from Ground Zero. I ordered chicken tikka masala, garlic naan and mixed combo biryani - the sauce for the tikka masala was good - nice and creamy with just the right amount of flavor and spice. Some pieces of chicken were a little too overcooked though. The combo biryani was great - minus the huge chunks of potatoes. Their garlic naan is actually REALLY good - fluffy, flavorful, light and crisp. We ended up getting 2 orders because the naan was so good! The serving portions are normal, although smaller than other Indian restaurants, comparatively. they pour water for you in these goblets which kind of adds an "authenticity" element (not really, but hey, they tried). We ate pretty early - around 6pm, but the place was empty on a Tuesday night. The staff just sat around and barely paid attention to us. Despite being the only patrons, we had to wave to get their attention to do something. It's too far from my office to go for the lunch deals, but the board outside made it look promising. Glad I got the voucher and went, but probably won't be going back again.
This place made a poor first impression on me, because apparently I made the grave mistake of ordering a to-go box. The true menu items are pricey, and getting a table at lunch is impossible so you can't exploit the half-price to dine in deal, but outside they have other deals posted: a box to go is about $8 on average (not cheap, but reasonable for the locale). I ordered the chicken.The chicken box was an insult. The sign outside advertised the box as "chicken curry, vegetable curry, rice, salad," for 7.99 plus tax. In reality, you get 4 ounces (!) of average chicken, maybe 2 cups of rice, and 1 cup of bad lentils. If I had opened the box on the spot, rather than back at my office, I would've protested. A high school cafeteria meal would have put this to shame.The thing is, there are a number of places in this same part of NYC where you can get better food than this, in a greater quantity, for the same prices. Including Indian food. What are these people thinking?I may return for their real food another time, but be warned, the to-go lunch boxes are a joke.
Very good taste. Though quantity is best but you get a good 50% deal on all items. I would recommend this to everyone visiting 9/11 memorial. Its just next to it.
Terrible and unacceptable.1.) There was oil spilled everywhere inside of our delivery bag.2.) The chicken vindaloo was incredibly watery and oily (not what you would expect of an indian curry). On top of this, there were only 5 pieces of chicken. I paid $40 for two bowls of oil.3.) The naan was undercooked and parts were actually still doughy.
Went in with a friend and his parentsReally tiny placeBarely seats 25 at a timeWe ordered some snacks and teasnacks included dahi papdi chat and bhel and some pakorasPakoras lacked salt, but everything else was fineTea was really niceService was goodFood came out really quickly
The interior of the place is pretty nice. Some of the food is pretty good. I have been here about 5 times so far. It's probably the nicest Indian restaurant in Fidi that I know of. But it's not great. The owners seem pretty nice though and the staff is generally friendly. It is not a good place for a large group though.
Cute little spot in the financial district.  The service was great and so was the food. I ordered the vegetarian thali, which included naan, raita, black daal, bhaingan burta, chole, and palak paneer. Every item was authentic and delicious.  I couldn't wait to eat my leftovers the next day!
I've been to many Indian restaurants in Manhattan and around Financial district and Ruchi is one of the best Their foods are always fresh and have good portions. Don't get shocked by the menu prices though because during lunch hours you get a 50% discount.The first time i went there, i ordered two Naans and chicken chilli. Naan's were fresh and hot and the chiken chilli was a bit spicy (just the way i like). On subsequent visits, we've ordered the Masala dosa, paratta, chicken tikka, shrimp curry and they all tasted great.
Disclaimer: I would prob do 3.5 stars but it was better than a 3 star "a-ok" so I rounded up because I am a fan.Time: Went on a weekday during lunch- primetime 1pm. Only 2 of us so we were seated immediately. It looks packed but the table turn around is quick.App/Drink:  veg samosa and mango lassi both pretty good. Perfect flaky crust on the samosa, spicier than most samosas I've had but very tasty. Mango lassi was the norm.Entrees:  House special biryani includes shrimp, chicken and lamb. Best part of my meal.  I would order again but more chicken than lamb and only 2 shrimp.Chicken tikka masala- because this is how I measure all indian restaurants.  It was sweeter than I personally care for but still yummy. Ballanced well with the biryani and roti.Roti was a little on the dry side but too bad.Cons: rice not served with the entrees so it was a good thing I ordered biryani with the chicken tikka masala. Always bothersome when indian places make you order rice separately. Portions are adequate but barely enough if you are sharing. I'm not a heavy eater so if it was just  enough for me and someone else after appetizer then  prob not enough for two people with normal appetites. Also, staff seems a little overwhelmed.Pros; lunch special 50% off northern indian cuisine, overall tasty food.I know it seems there are more cons than pros but they are really small cons and at the end of the day I had a good meal and a good time so I'll be a little forgiving and would def go back. Also, hence the disclaimer at the top saying really 3.5 stars not 4.
I'm from Northern Virginia, which has a pretty sizable Indian population - thus pretty damn good Indian restaurants. This place, while definitely more expensive (we are in NYC, after all), was still very tasty.The chicken samosas were very, very good, definitely a tasty step-up from the normal peas & potatoes filling. Between that and the naan, I totally stuffed my face pre-meal.I got the Chicken Madras, enticed by the offer of coconut curry. It was quite tasty, but be careful - it's VERY spicy! Possibly because it's a dish originating from South India? Does India work like that?Thankfully, the woman in charge of refilling the water was very prompt, otherwise I might've had a very bad experience... pretty much drank my weight in water that afternoon.I think I had a fried plantain dish for dessert, I can't find it on the website so I can't give you specifics, but I vividly remember the ice cream being covered in a strange pink sauce that made it taste like... roses!? It wasn't bad, it was just very confusing to be eating something that tastes like my French great-grandmother's bathroom smelled.
Ruchi is a great place for weekday lunch!  The entrées are 50% off then. My friends and I went to Ruichi yesterday.  The portions are small, but at 50% off it's a good deal, and the food is good. We tried the Aloo Gobi, Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Xacutti, and Shrimp Curry, along with rice and naan.  My favorite of the four dishes was the vindaloo, which was spicy, but not too spicy. Next time we're going to try the Tandoori Chicken platter, which looked good.  Ruchi overlooks Ground Zero and is hard to spot if you're approaching the restaurant from Cedar Street.  It's on the corner.
I agree with Keiko C.'s review below mine - I would also probably give this place 3.5 starts but rounded up because I'm a fan.I tried this place because I had a KGB voucher which was a pretty good deal ($12 for $30 worth of food plus I was able to use it for delivery!). I wish I bought two of those puppies.What I loved most about this place was the amount of food you get for their $13.95 special (I got this deal 3 days ago and still haven't finished everything). Included is an appetizer, entree, 1 naan, rice, chutney, and a really small bottle of water. I got 2 of those deals since I had the voucher. For my first deal I got the chicken malai kabab as an appetizer (you get 2 medium size pieces) with the chili chicken. The chicken malai kabab was decent, but I've definitely had better. The salad bed the chicken rested on was a bit soggy. The chili chicken fared a little better. I got this because a) it's one of my favorite Indian-Chinese dishes and b) it's typically NOT on a standard Indian menu. When made properly, the chicken is supposed to be crispy, but because of all the oil, the breading was a bit mushy. However, it was definitely tasty. For my second deal I got the chicken tikka as an appetizer (also 2 medium size pieces) with the chicken chettinad (also not typically found on a standard Indian menu). Haven't tasted the chicken tikka yet, but the chicken chettinad was DELISH! It was creamy with the perfect amount of spice. The naan for both deals was awesome! It was large, soft, and chewy. Perfect for sopping up all the gravy.I would definitely recommend this place - pretty solid Indian food that offers up dishes that aren't just your typical butter chicken and chicken tikka masala. Plus I got two meals from each deal for a grand total of 4 meals for only $12! (usually $28 without the voucher - still a good deal!)
Atmosphere and staff were nice and friendly! Food was great! Ambient temp was a little warm though, no need to go too authentic. ;-)
