Affordable and delicious Cantonese food. Gotta be your go-to restaurant if you have something like this in your neighborhood
This is about the most traditional Cantonese you can find in America. We were seated in a table with someone else. I don't think any other Chinese restaurants practice table sharing anymore.I came here craving for congee (hot mashed rice) because I was sick. I also ordered a link of fried dough and the shrimp steamed rice roll. Everything was so good!!! The best part of, I ate like a queen but the bill added up to only $9. For those of you who want to try a traditional Cantonese breakfast, here's what you need to get: 1) any type of congee; 2) a link of fried dough; 3) any type of steamed rice roll.
Beef with scrambled egg over rice is my favorite Cantonese dish. But because the dish is not well-known among general "American" public, it is difficult to find a place where they provide one. So when I find a place that serves it, that place becomes my go-to place for it.  And Shun Wang does it as I like.  Their noodle soups are also good: as good as Big Wong in Manhattan as some pointed out in their review.
When you're here for take out, make sure you already know what you want. The ladies that take orders and run the show are no joke. They can do 50 things in a hot minute. The breakfast items are made to order. Pretty fresh. I hate a small congee and a shrimp roll for $5.
Since moving here earlier this year, I quickly had to find a spot for congee. This is it right here. If you don't want the pain in the ass parking for some good authentic Chinese food, this is where its at. Definitely a hole in the wall spot but those are the best.
We came here because a friend recommended the place. We are glad we came as we now have a new local place to come for roast duck. Service here is a little more rude than your typical Chinese restaurant. Beef chow fun was a large portion. It was soft and a little sticky. Just the way I like it. Not too greasy. Only thing is there was not many pieces of beef in the dish. Seriously, maybe only like 5 pieces? We ordered the half roast duck. We wanted the steamed cabbage that comes with it when you order a combination dish but they said no. I don't understand what is so hard to order the cabbage along with the half duck. Anyway, the duck was tasty. It didn't have a gamey taste. You can tell it was prepped well as the flavor was very clean. Don't forget, CASH ONLY!!!
I normally do not write reviews. And I had to sign up and do all that process to be able to remember my password from the last review I gave. This however was necessary. I ordered a whole soy sauce chicken to go and when i got home it was cold and very pink. I ended up having to put it in the stove for a few to fully cook it. I dont eat much soy sauce chicken, but I dont think it should be pink. Additionally i ordered chicken fried rice which surprisingly was not better than what I would get from a local chinese food place that isnt as expensive or traditional. It seemed like good fried rice was diluted with white rice. Maybe it was because i ordered at 7pm on a holiday or because they thought I couldnt tell the difference because I'm not asian, either way I am not going back.
Two friends and I were carboloading for a half marathon and decided to do it with take out from Shun Wang. We called ahead with our order and it was ready fifteen minutes later when we arrived. For $43 we got a feast - congee with preserved egg and pork; roast pork and duck over rice; roast pork over egg noodle soup; on choy; and salt and pepper pork chops. Everything was cooked to satisfaction and they were generous with the amount of meat in all the dishes. Above all, the value was incredible - even with the excuse to/goal of stuffing our guts, we had leftovers for the next day!
Simply put, one of the best places for Cha Siu (BBQ honey roasted pork) in this little concentration of Chinese/Asian community. Very reasonable price, roasted with perfect balance of fat and fiber, seasoned well with rich taste of honey and sauce. When I visit my friend nearby I always come here to take away a pound or two of Cha Siu. Also highly recommended is the Wonton noodle soup. A very popular place, the Cha Siu pork could be sold out at night at around 8pm, so make sure you get here early.
The only reason why I'm giving this place a 2 star rating is because of the bad service. The food is good, but the service was pretty terrible. I was eating there with my friend and we were enjoy the food until a man looked at the both of us and gave us the bill without asking if we wanted it. When I go there with my parents, they give the best service; that is when you know these people are fake. If you have a lot of money, they want to act super nice so they can get a big tip. I see their gameplay now; if you want to be fake don't be so obvious about it ;) Again the food I give it a 10, but the services gets like a 1-2.
Number of visits: Hundreds of times since I was a kid.Last night, I felt adventurous for something good to eat. I've been craving an all-you-can-eat restaurant that offers quality Chinese food, but I had to settle for the more wallet-friendly Shun Wang.I have fond memories coming here as a kid and being teased by the waiter. He used to encourage me (a chubby child) to finish my food. He would applaud my clean plate and he would pinch my cheeks. It was a place reserved only for the best occasions, and the roast pig over rice - one of my most favorite dishes during childhood - has stayed with me into adulthood. Up until recently, I didn't know the restaurant's name. My family just called it "Broadway". It's a highlight of Broadway.The place was almost packed last night. The restaurant's aesthetics haven't changed much for almost two decades. The register is by the entrance with the kitchen displayed behind it. Past the main entrance is a cramped sitting area. It's always been bright in the dining area.The roast pig over rice last night arrived to my table a little cold. I don't know why, but it happens almost every time I come here. One time, I asked for it well done, and it still came cold. Maybe it's part of the cooking method? I don't know. In spite of that, it was indubitably delicious. The skin was crispy. The fat was chewy and sweet. The white meat was soft. Imagine those three items in your mouth at the same time... It's heaven and it impressed me and company last night (5 / 5).Along with the roast pig over rice, the pan fried noodles is what I always order second. I have never gone wrong with ordering the beef, but now, I stick with the seafood. The noodles are crunchy with a delicious sauce, and tossed with an array of different seafood, including crab meat and shrimp among other things. I enjoy alternating between this and the roast pig (5 / 5).The sesame chicken is the best sesame chicken I've ever come across. It's not too saucy compared to low-quality Chinese restaurants. It's never been gooey or soggy. It's always been a little crunchy in the mouth (5 / 5).I would also recommend their roast duck and chicken with cashew nuts.The waiter who used to tease me as a kid is long gone. The staff changed. My only complaint would sometimes be the customer service. I didn't like that one time I was followed out of the restaurant by a waiter who demanded for more tip. I didn't come back for a while after that. I don't like the sometimes cold attitude of a hostess in particular. I don't like raising my hand to make a request and not being seen, ignored even. I've experienced much worse elsewhere. I'm sure what keeps the staff here from being completely bad is the tightness of the restaurant, where it's impossible to ignore / neglect customers.The food though... Worth it! Especially for the price! And so...Five stars... I've been in love with this place since I was a kid. Will I return? A hundred more times before I die.
Cheap, fast and  good sums up the experience here.  All the great taste of chinatown  without the traffic and parking issues.  We have been here numerous time and they have the best steam rice noodles which is nice and soft.  This time we got 2 noodle soup and a fried dough rice noodle for only 13.00!  The only thing is place is your typical chinese restaurant so it a bit on the dingy side.
I am loving me some Cantonese cuisine and Shun Wang is my 5 star place. It's not fancy dining but the food is authentic, fresh and delicious but then that's no surprise either. They're well known to me from their Manhattan Chinatown days and I'm even happier that they've since relocated to this Queens location. Talk about a feast... when you, your family and or your friends want to dine on roast duck, crispy pork, roast duck soup, barbecued ribs and some creamy hearty Congee with the thousand year old egg and the like we high tail it straight over to Shun Wang and eat like Queen's and King's for the day at cheap prices and roll out the door stuffed and happily satisfied.Generally we dine in and when we do its nothing but love, good, quick & attentive customer service, eat your food, pay your bill and get out!I love it!~ Cash Only and option to take out obviously ~
I've been growing up on authentic Chinese food from Chinatown since birth.  This place is authentic and as old-school as they come.  Prices are great.  Tables are a little sticky but so is the money that stays in my wallet from the great prices.  Love this joint.  People seem to love this place for take out. So, we often have no problem getting seats to eat for dinner.  I recommend a reservation though to play it safe.  Go do some pull-ups and dips across the street to work off the meal.  Children also love the playground across the street so this can be a destination.  It's right next to the train station.
This is a dingy place but who cares the delicious food makes up for it. If you want a tasty budget meal that's filling then this is your spot. Table service is attentive and quick. The only thing that spoils this place is the nasty cashier lady wearing glasses. She argues and yells at the customers.
If you're looking for traditional cantonese food look no further. This is basically the comfort food that I grew up eating. Congee, wanton noodle soups, and rice dishes. The congee here is on point! My family doesn't even try to make congee at home anymore since it almost always never turns out like the restaurant and for such a good price why go through the hassle!Today we ordered the roasted pork and chicken over rice. The roasted pork was amazing! The meat was tender and well flavored there wasn't a piece that was over cooked and too hard to eat. The chicken pieces were small but meaty. As we were eating water from the air condition vents dripped onto our dish! We told the waiter and he promptly replaced the dish for us. :D
Coming from a smaller town where we yearn for a good Chinese meal, this place really hit the spot. Service is fast, food is very delicious and very affordable. The beef and wonton  with wo fun was very well prepared. The meat is well flavored and very tender. The shrimp wrap in rice wrapper is also very good.
Cuisine: 7Service: 4Decor: 3Value: 7Overall: 6Traditional Cantonese roast house that offers all the regular stuff you would expect.  All the meats were decent and the congee is quite good.  If you eat in, they have a small selection of live seafood, but steam their fish better than most places. Service is somewhat suspect most of the times and the decor is almost non-existent.  May it's not 4 stars material, but I certainly would stop by for the good Cantonese style food if I'm in the mood and in the area.
Love the food here. Prices are very good for their portions. The decor is what you would expect from a Chinese restaurant, so is the staff.
I only had take out here. The roasted pig (not Cha Siu, the one with crispy skin) was really good. The roasted duck was ok...not great. Price was very reasonable.
Great local service serving Chinese food the authentic way. I love all their food. Today is another congee day with preserved egg and beef. My favorite! They also sell a variety of roast meats. Heavenly. Must stop in. Extra plus if you speak Chinese!
Sad to see this place turn from one of the best places to eat to absolutely one of the worst.I suspect it may have been the changing of the chef or just purely the lack of effort from management to upkeep both this place and the new place in Flushing. Regardless, I have lost faith and do not plan to return anytime soon.
Everytime I go to this place the food is just great The service is good and food comes out hot. Very affordable and convenient to get to.
Come here sometimes to purchase their BBQ items. When your walk in, you see the kitchen and the BBQ items to the right. This is where my grandma come for food.
Food is delicious! Have been eating here for many years best Chinese family style restaurant in elmhurst.
Cravings for the Preserved Thousand Year Egg with Pork Congee comes once in a while! I was so surprised to find this Cantonese restaurant in Elmhurst. I got my congee and my fried dough to go! When I got back to my place, I set up my small bowls and soup spoons. I poured the congee to each bowl to share with a little to spare. The congee was still burning hot, just how I like it! Congee was indeed very flavorful. Preserved Thousand-Year Egg & Pork are perfect cut into mouth-sized pieces - perfect! Proportions between the egg, pork, scallions, and congee are consistent, a plus for generosity! I did think the congee was a bit too watery at the end, however, still had me linking my bowl for every last drop of it! Fried Dough was very soft on the inside compared to other places I have tasted and super crispy that I can hear it when I bite it! Perfect combination with the burning, hot congee! Lastly, you know what? When I made my way to the kitchen for the little amount left in the container, it was gone! The culprit? My boyfriend! We're getting two next time!
Always come here for the black egg and pork congee, once in a while for roasted duck and roasted pig over rice. It's not a clean establishment so I never dined in but the best congee in the neighborhood.
Mm this restaurant always whisks me back to childhood with their friendly staff and mom and pop feel. Every time I come in here it's never too packed and I'm always greeted with a smile from the workers. I love getting their classic rice dish with barbecue pork and chicken or any soup noodle. On a cold day, their congee is a delicious dish to warm you up! The star of the show has to be the barbecue pork. It's well seasoned, slightly sweet and still tender, and goes perfectly with their rice and soy sauce. The entire dish is pretty inexpensive as well! Another recommendation would have to be the Singapore fried noodle. They are fried rice noodles with a dab of curry, ham, and vegetables. It has a slight zing from the curry and is super filling (enough to feed two people I'd say). Try it out!!
Horrible service. I will not ever come back. The food  was good a few years back but every year the food quality had deteriorated. Niece had food poisoning right after eating here. Mainly I believe because it's one of the only place to get Cantonese food, they think they have a monopoly which in turn they didn't upkeep their service or quality of food.
I don't know what happened? Their roast pig taste so bland and with no flavor at all. I don't know whose fault is it? The restaurant or the meat purveyors... The pig taste like it's got its own urine soaked into its own meat..pretty much the only thing that is still quite alright is the roast duck. And the combination style congee is quite good.
I came here several time in the past but mostly take it to go. 5 star for food, everything I got was great, Roast pig, pork, duck, and all soup.  1 star : customer service, I decided to ate in the restaurant for today. I want to order a lot of food through but the waitress not help at all. She said the chef not come yet, I still have a lot food in my mind that I saw it was ready( pork, duck) However, it seem like she really want to end the conversation so bad, I end up order just one. Maybe she just busy with whatever in the kitchen. So average 3 star for everything.
Came here today almost around noon with half the place full. Within about 15 minutes the entire place was full, and not only with Chinese people. Serves Cantonese food that is difficult to find in the Forest Hills area. Had beef tripe mai fun and stir fried beef flat noodles. Also bought duck and roast pork to take home for dinner. One of the male servers didn't understand Cantonese when me and my dining partner spoke it and seemed to have an attitude that we were speaking Cantonese...because obviously it's weird to speak Cantonese at a Cantonese dining place...that's styled like a cha chaan tang in Hong Kong or Macau.
Rumor has it that this place is the same people who do Big Wong in the city, nice! Well I really haven't had that much here but their congee is really good. It's a good Canto place in the area, the place has zero decor and atmosphere but the wait staff is quick and efficient.The food:Steamed rice roll with shrimp- this is my Dim Sum stand by, I get this every time I go Dim Summing. The rice roll here is pretty good. The roll is a little thicker than I am used to but good non the less. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Congee with sliced pork- I think the congee here is very good, it's perfect on a cold day. The congee is very subtle and kinda plain in flavor really, but it's a very comforting dish. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Salted Fried bread- this is kinda the thing you get as a side to the congee. I am pretty sure it's store bought and it's on the greasy side but I feel it's almost a must. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
My favorite place for roasted duck in the city.Soy sauce chick is good but a little more pricey than other places.
This is a spot I hit regularly. I love this place and the food is really awesome.  The beef rib in black pepper sauce is amazing.  Great value for lobster. I like mine in black bean sauce, yummy.  Spare ribs, roast pork, and duck all Rock!!  You will be very happy you tried this place.  Save some for me! They regularly run out of many items. It's high volume and always fresh.
I love a congee (rice soup) so i know every Chinese restaurants serve congee but here they give u a big container and very cheap. Mostly I go here to take out but came after our class with my friend for lunch. I had wonton soup (huge potion and only 4.95) and roasted pig+roasted duck wih fried egg. Meats are very juicy and good prices.
Ordered a roast pork and roast pig on rice and a ha moon mai fun. Roast pork was good but the roast pig was a disappointment. 3 out of 5 of my pieces were basically chunks fat. Ha moon mai fun was not good. The mai fun was hard and it was tasteless.
Best chinese food in the area and moderately priced. But be prepared to wait especially on weekend afternoons.
I rarely eat Chinese (Cantonese) Food, but when I needed my congee fix especially on those cold days or when I'm feeling under the weather, this place would be on top of my list. I normally go for pick up so I can't speak for dine in experience. My go to dish had always been the Thousand Year Old Egg with Pork. The congee itself is a tad bit too watery for me, but it is not so bad given the area. My other favorite is the Egg Noodle Soup with Roasted Duck. Again, it's decent ... Can't complain. The language barrier had always been a reason why I'd have to stand there longer than other patrons, but I'm used to it now. Will I ever come here for the dine in experience ... Probably not, but I'll always have it on my pick up rotation.
New chef, same food but better.Peking duck, soy sauce chicken, roast pork, seafood pan fried noodles, chow fun, everything we ordered tasted pretty darn good here. It's basically Big Wong's but cheaper. The congee here is good and what I like most is that everything is served hot unlike Big Wong's in China Town. The seafood pan fried noodles was loaded with shrimp, squid, and other stuff. There certainly weren't stingy with their ingredients. We ordered quite a lot of stuff and it came out to only $65.00.Verdict - I'll be back for more for sure!
My Cantonese grandparents always make sure to order food from here for our family gatherings. The noodle dishes are pretty good, we always order the Beef Chow Fun and Singapore Chow Mei Fun to go. Their fried chicken wings, which are not included on the menu, are always a hit with family and friends as well. Also it is worth noting that their roasted meats, the chasui and roast duck, are among the best in the Elmhurst area.
Walking by, I observed the following: 3 men is white smocks carrying large deceased whole pigs into Shun Wang.I proceed to:Gaze into the window, saw several beautifully roasted ducks/pigs dangling. Great amusement for the random passersby.Had to go inside!This place is essentially Canal St's gem (Big Wong's).........IN QUEENS!I had the roast duck and the crispy pork on a bed of white rice. Perfect taste.Indulged in a wanton soup, hot and seasoned.1 pork pow. (dense)1 order of dumplings.& the hot tea to wash it down.All the foods tasted exactly like Chinatown.Overall:Glad I don't have to travel so far to get some great cheap Chinatown cuisine.The seating hasn't change either, little cramped and you can see the workers snoozing in the back, lolz.~It's Big Trouble in Little China all over again..
First off, where are all the Cantonese places in Elmhurst?!!?!?!? There are definitely a lot of Cantonese people living in Elmhurst but only a few Cantonese places in the neighborhood. We need more like Shun Won. It's cheap and very tasty.Secondly, why two names? Shun Won...Shun Wong..same thing.The bulk of the "over rice" dishes fall in the $4.50 to $5.00 range. The more Americanized dishes like Orange Chicken over rice is $5.50. The owners of Shun Won/Shun Wang are the old owners of Wing Wong that was on Lafayette Street in Chinatown Manhattan. It might have been about 20 years ago! They used to make a wicked Cantonese style Chow Mein (noodle dish). But at Shun Won/Shun Wang it's too expensive to try. I also used to like Wing Wong's fried chicken wings. I have to try at Shun Won/Shun Wang to see if it's the same as I remembered it from Chinatown. Well I an definitely coming back here for more Chinese takeout because it's familiar and cheap.
Okay, okay.. You got your footing and have become the absolute shiznit! I am so excited to have a local version of Big Wong (minus the tourists) in the 'hood! The dumpling and congee soups are awesome and the meat varieties have improved drastically. (We actually dine in/take out from Shun Wang 2-3 times a week now!)PS: Are You Shun Wang or Shun Won? Your signs say one thing and your menus say another. I'm confused :\
Every time I wanted to eat a good roast pork/roast duck rice combination with a side of veggies, I always had to go to Chinatown but now I can just eat it here. I don't know about dining in, but taking out is super quick and easy and so affordable especially in today's economy. The roast duck is a must!
Ever since this place opened I have flocked here many a time for cheap, solid cantonese fare. It feels like a place I have frequented in the past with some of the staff originating from Big Wong in manhattan. I know that I can depend on this place to get a good plate of roast pork or roast duck just like at Big Wong. The dishes I seem to always keep ordering are the roast duck wonton hor fun noodle. I like the taste the hor fun noodles lend to the broth and the comfort I get from eating these wide white softer noodles. But their traditional egg noodles are also very good- slightly wavy and thin and goes very well with the pork and shrimp wontons. I like that the wontons are not overcooked and the skin remains firm enough to cover each tasty morsel. I sometimes get roast items on rice also so I can enjoy the crispy ends of the charred flesh or flavor of the skin from the roast pork or roast duck and not diluted by any broth but sometimes it is a difficult decision to make on giving up the wontons and noodles when I am here. Such tough decisions!If I get here early enough I order their rice crepes with beef or shrimp covered in a sweet soy sauce. Who needs to go to a dim sum parlor. I can get pork AND my rice crepes here. Congee is always a good choice for days when I just want to get food in my belly. No chewing saves you time just like how Takeru Kobayashi does it.  My teeth just get in the way of the food getting to my tummy faster. Just slurp your way to the bottom of the bowl. This congee rice porridge is good for when you are feeling a bit under the weather and makes a hearty breakfast. My favorite type is the sliced fish. The fish meat is also very soft and the flavor of the fish and green scallion is infused throughout the porridge. The congee served here is best complimented by their fried cruller. A chinese donut the size of a handbag or as long as an arm. One is sweet and one is salty and turns out I need to go buy a handbag big enough to fit both in now. It can break apart into two pieces big enough for sharing which you will need to do because its huge. Some people take a bite of the cruller and sip their congee and some people dip it into the congee itself. Theres no wrong way of doing it as long as it ends up in your mouth. Because its a donut it can be a little oily since it is fried so keep a napkin at the ready for wiping your fingers.I always get one of my favorite rice dishes here too- beef with green peas over rice. I order this a lot at chinese restaurants and is always pleasing to my belly when I just want something simple but good.This place is not glamorous on any level, be prepared to get your food flung on the table and having to share a table with others as it is pretty narrow in here. But if you are feeling fancy they do have a cheap twin lobster meal you can order here. They also have family style dishes as well like a whole fish but stick with their myriad of noodle/ rice dishes and roast items and it will do just fine.
Perfection in my time of need. I crave tasty...filling.  The perfect amount of fatty in the roast duck with tasty skin.I like to "balance by having the ginger/scallion noodles that they ladle in yummy liquid remains from the stew beef tendons. YUM-O!Warning not for the faint of heart nor health nuts. You want good, "simple" food. This place answered my call.
Meh, I might personally vote this a three star place, but I'm a vegetarian. Since their star dish seems to be the roasted pork, I get I'm not exactly the person they're catering to. (Though my significant other assures me the roast pork is better than his grandma's. And since I'm confident she's not on Yelp, I can get away with saying that.)The portions here are good. I tried the dried sauteed string bean, the braised tofu, and the eggplant with garlic sauce. All pretty tasty, but I've had them elsewhere where I thought they were done better. The string beans would have been better if they'd been cooked just a tad longer, the tofu was a little lukewarm by the time it came out. The family favorites were congee and the coeng fan (腸粉). (The coeng fan actually looked really delicious, and I do hope to try that one next time.)The waitstaff here speaks English, Cantonese, and Mandarin, so whatever language you feel like speaking, they'll accommodate. The staff is really friendly, especially the staff near the entrance (but I admit I'm biased-- whenever they're taking a bit of time to prepare my boyfriend's pork, they distract him by telling him how pretty his girlfriend is. While I'm well aware of diversion tactics, I'm 100% okay with them.)
Had lunch here bc the reviews were so amazing.  I ended up disappointed with the food and service.  and sick afterward.  ordered tofu with fish casserole.  A portion of the casserole was still frozen.  I suspect either the dish was prepared and frozen and only to be heated to serve or it was left over and frozen to serve to unsuspecting dinner.  I told the waitress about the food.  she rudely told me isn't this what you ordered.  wtf.  yes the dish is what I ordered.  but I didn't order some frozen crap.  she took it back eventually and came back in 2 mins.  likely nuked it.   at this point I said fuck it and give it a go.  bad mistake.the tofu portion tasted mightly fine with a ton of msg.    the fish was not good at all.  you can tell the quality was terrible by the taste of it.  I left majority of it untouched.   I ordered a noodle dish just because there are so many reviews raving about it.  it is crap.  the meat was horrible.  I had a piece of cartilage in the dumpling that came with the noodles.  I am not sure what is there to rave about.  even without the cartilage, the noodle is just average with loads of msg   flavoring is too much from msg.  which is a telltale sign of bad quality food.  went home. and 30min later....  hello toilet.  out of commission for the rest of the day.
I love this place!  I literally ate here everyday this past week.  I always order the same item: char siu mien.  The char siu is fresh and delicious and not fatty.  The broth is flavorful and not too salty.  The mien is perfectly al dente.  Service is fast, restaurant seems clean.  Accommodates both large groups and single patrons.  Very affordable.  Come here for quick, easy, delicious, authentic Cantonese cuisine.
Shun Wang's quality has dropped off by a lot since they opened a second place on Main St Flushing.Their dishes are smaller and they are skimming on ingredients; they just add my rice to fill in the gaps.I recently ordered BBQ meat and asked for lean cut but both the roasted pork and roasted pig were full of fat. Both were also too salty. There are other places down the block that has better BBQ meat.
This is consider the best Chinese restaurant in Elmhurst area, authentic Cantonese food. However, one of the middle age female cashiers is rather rude.
Here is Cantonese style chinese food. I ordered wonton noodles, roast pork and roast duck over rice, and thousand year egg congee. The roast pork tastes so good. But the portion for roast duck is too small compared with roast pork. The congee tastes little salty, but okay. This is one of the best Cantonese style restaurants in Elmhurst. Will come here again for roast pork.
Cheap food is the only good thing about this place. I get the roast pork wonton noodle soup and it's ok... they have a soft shell crab special for $5 each. It wasn't good at all.
This review is for the take-out service only.  The restaurant is separated into two areas, a seating area and a take-out section where they can prepare any dish the restaurant has to offer and cut up BBQ meats by the pound.My mother actually introduced this place to me and I was so happy she did so.  There seems to be a shrinking number of places to get this type of food in the Elmhurst area so I was glad this one was close by to my mother's place.The take-out service is fast, efficient and super friendly.  Even better?  Purchase about $20 and they'll take a card too in case you forgot to visit an ATM (as I had) but of course they have to charge you tax.  Fair enough in my book.So what have I had?  Three things:BBQ Roast PorkNowadays BBQ roast pork is easy to find around NYC, but finding a *good* one?  Not so much.  For me, a good roast pork has a sweet and savory flavor.  Some toasty edges where the sugars of the BBQ sauce have caramelized and of course, moist and tender meat.  Shun Wang manages to fulfill *all* these criteria, which is a rarity nowadays (I only know of two other venues that do the same, and on is in New Jersey!).Roast Pork (with crispy skin)This is a totally different type of pork dish than the BBQ roast pork.  The tough part here is not getting meat that's overly dry and tough.  Also, the skin needs to be crisp, not chewy.  Once again I can happily report that this place does this dish perfectly with the salty flavor one expects to boot!Soy Sauce ChickenA good soy sauce chicken should be tender, almost slick in terms of mouth feel.  The skin should have absorbed the soy flavors while the meat has a hint of it.  The meat should be tender, not too chewy.  Once again Shun Wan hits every mark!I haven't done the "sit down" meals here yet but I suspect they're just as good (hence the one star I've left off).  If you want excellent take-out, this is the place!
I haven't dined in this place, but they are awesome for lunch and dinner take out. The one thing that I consistently buy is their char siu!! Yes, it was the tastiest char siu ever!! They also sell chicken and duck in the same area. The char siu is actually kind of pricey for a pound but I think that may be the standard. You can also buy half a pound too. As for their over-rice dishes they are really affordable and there's a variety to choose from.
Well, I was looking for Cantonese Restaurants that deliver, and this place showed up in the results. After comparing with the Broadway Restaurant, which has a 20 dollars and 1 mile limit, I've decided to try this place out. I called their phone number, and they picked up pretty fast. However, the cashier wasn't that great with English, so I had to speak Chinese. Second of all, all I asked was, " Hi, do you deliver?" And she answered with a NO! I mean, it's okay if you don't deliver, but do you have to be so mean? None of us owes you anything! Third of all, the phone background was really loud. I understand that these restaurants will never be that quiet, but this is really bugging me. The noises are like outrageous. Keeping this in mind, I would never go there for anything ever again.
Solid Chinese (Cantonese) food. The whole experience was just A-OK for me, but I wouldn't mind coming back here for lunch or if I'm craving some real Chinese food.A friend and I shared a bunch of dishes. We had the Jellyfish, and if you're thinking about getting it remember that it's served on a HUGE plate that you could share easily with 4 people. It was decent. We also had the Duck over rice which you really can't mess up. It was good, decent, solid, no complaints. And we had a noodle dish (flat noodles) that was not memorable.Overall this place is just OK. It won't blow your mind but it will give you a great Chinese food fix. The waiters barely speak English, so be prepared to have a broken conversation with your waiter. I wish I could get take-out from here.
I've been here 3 times now and each time I left  feeling dissatisfied with my experience... I typically order some type noodle with a serving of roast pork added to the noodle and each time the broth came out luke warm... and there's never enough soup. The congee and rice dishes were just mediocre... nothing to sing about!I guess since traditional canto restaurants are a rare site in Elmhurst, they get a star just for their existence.. one more star for offering affordable options for lunch, but in terms of the quality of their food and the cleanliness of the place, I'd say, eat here at your own risk!
Great roast duck. Some of the dishes are a little hit and miss but overall come for the roast duck and other roasted meats.
Very poor service. They ruined my whole day at the beginning of the week. I would give 0 star if I could. The food is not that great but the service is very very horrible!!! I wouldnot come back here again!!The short hair lady waitress tried to hand me a bowl of congee. I just tried to help her but she extremely SCOLD at me in front of other people (customers) and said in her language that she doesnot want me to get burn with the hot bowl but hello! Im not her child to deserve that kind of harsh language in front of others!!! Everyone in the restaurant gave me a look like i did something wrong!! It' s kind of embarrassment to me and my parents!!! Shortly after, i talked to the manager that im not happy with the service here and she doesnot deserve a tip from me and then that lady turned her back to me and said " I dont need it!" That s fine but she owned me an apology for making me embarrass in front of everyone. Even though im still young 20+, but she doesnot need to yell at me with a hard voice in front of everyone. Im still a customer! I can charge her harassment if I can. i just tried to be nice to help her but in return, she scold at me. She could have told me to be careful in a nice way... Maybe she is not happy on that day... Anyway I let it go but hopefully she can give an apology to someone else that she reminds of my case... What go around turn around...
Brand new Chinese restaurant in Elmhurst, Queens is always some exciting news. This restaurant is similar to the chain of Big Wong's in Chinatown. They have the typical options of roast pork, duck, etc that are all really good! I had a quick meal here and tried the wonton noodle soup, roast pork noodle soup, and fried bread wrapped with cherng fun. Everything tasted familiar and similar to what you would expect, nothing spectacular. Service was attentive enough. The only issue I had with this place was the cleanliness of the restaurant. For a new restaurant, it sure doesn't look new! But the food is acceptable quality and for the price, it's great for grabbing a quick fix!
As many reviewers have stated, "Big Wong" in Elmhurst, Queens. Excellent Cantonese style place. I enjoy their wonton dumplings. We had chicken/roast pork combo over rice and the roast pork over noodles Hong Kong style. (Soup served separately). We will try their roast duck next time. This will be our new go-to place when we don't feel like going to Manhattan. Good and friendly service. Yaaay!
This place is great. A must try. Nice service and great food at an awesome price. When I don't feel like going all the way to Chinatown in Manhattan. Then I just come here.
Best quick Chinese food place here in the area. The waiters and waitresses are very pleasant and helpful if you have a hard time making a choice with their large menu. Bring your friends, and have a good meal. Prices are very reasonable
Ever since the restaurant was taken over by Big Wong Mgmt, the food has improve tremendously not that it was bad before.  This restaurant have become our go to place everytime we come to Queens.  Food is all delicious & good.
Love this place. Its the best place in Queens for roast duck. I wish it was 24hrs. :)
This is not a fancy place, but very solid for their Cantonese food. They have many traditional favorites, and the price is quite acceptable. Their beef noodles is the best I have ever had in The States.
The Big Wong in Queens!  Good stuff.  Takeout only.  Their eat in area is very small.
basically big wong of chinatownsame workers - i think its family related !
After reading a fellow reviewer's comparison of Shun Wang to Big Wong I had to go.  My in-laws are from corona so driving to chinatown for a roast duck fixing is a VERY hard compromise.  I've been going to Big Wong since i was a little girl, I gave Big Wong a 5 b/c it deserves a 10... However, for location and price, Shun Wang deserves a strong 4. It too offers the smells of roast duck and pork as you walk through the door.  You too can admire those hanging treats from the cloudy/dirty window outside.  However the flavors of both the duck and pork are not as strong or fragrant as at Big Wong.  Portions are slight bigger, and they give a side of Veggies which big wong stopped like 10 years ago. The service was fast and price as even cheaper.  This place does hit the spot for a craving, and I'll definitely come back if I'm in queens and in dire need of some roast meats, but it cannot be compared to Big Wong. $5 for a plate of food beats any fast food any time.
This place was over rated.  We ordered  salted fried bread which was cold.  The congees and the pan fried wide noodle with beef were fine.  The worst was the rice with runny egg and shrimp. The shrimp were not deveined, which was very disgusting.
Love the foods there! Love roast pig and orange chicken and beef! Cheap and taste good
I came by today for lunch around noon.  I saw a couple in corporate attire, a lady eating a wonton noodle, and another man eating a rice platter.  It was not packed, but many people visit to get the bbq meats to go.  My dad and I decided to order the char siu cherng fun (bbq pork rice rolls), wonton (by itself, no noodles), and also a hot congee (rice porridge). The wontons were filled with mushroom, shrimp, and tasty spice.  I especially enjoyed the flavor of the char siu (bbq pork), which is similiar to Big Wong.  Happily, we report that our total came out to an affordable $22, not counting tip.  We will always come back when in Elmhurst.  Plus, did I mention that is is right by the M/R train at Elmhurst Avenue?
I have been coming here with my family for many years .. Great authentic dishes that you don't have to go to Chinatown to get! When you walk in you'll see the waiter station, restaurant supplies and a gritty aquarium, but you don't go for the ambiance. You'll also hear the waitress and cook yell back in forth. On to the food, the congee "rice porridge" is great on a frigid day and to clear your cold with the ginger taste. the roast duck and roast pork  combo are always a must have! The ginger and scallion lobster disk taste divine! All and all you can't go wrong! A gem in elmhurst, queens!
Stopped by here to pick up some quick eats for dinner since we heard so many friends of ours say this place is the Big Wong of Queens.   If it is truly living up to the that status, then you'd expect top notch meats and noodle soups, eh?Well my friends, this was certainly not the case.  Opting to go for the very basic roast pork noodle soup, if this can't be done right, I wouldn't have too much faith in the rest of their dishes then.  The char siew tasted alright but was missing the sweet soy glaze you'd get from other places such as Corner 28 or Big Wong.  The noodles itself didn't taste very fresh and the broth was just mediocre.   My wife went for the wonton noodle soup with chicken and she thought it was just alright, nothing special to rave about at the end of the day.If you're looking for Big Wong style eats, go hit up Corner 28 in Flushing instead.  I also forgot to mention, they also had a nice C rating from the department of health if that matters!
I heard from a friend that a new place by the same owners of the legendary Big Wong, or "Dai Wong" in Chinatown opened up in our humble neighborhood of Elmhurst, so the new Shun Wang quickly rose up on my must-try list. For those of you not in the know-how, Big Wong is a Chinatown staple famous for their duck and the like hanging on display in the restaurant's front window. Upon trying the roast duck and roast pork from this place, my grandparents have been frequenting it at least once a week.I tried the wonton noodle soup here, which, generally speaking, is one of my favorite dishes. It was delicious, and a bargain at $4.95 after tax. I'd like to point out that these are not skimpy little wontons. These wontons (five in an order) were large and full of pork and shrimp, not cheap fillers, which has "quality" written all over it. The broth was very flavorful, and the noodles were decently sized as a portion for one person. I've now found the best wonton noodle soup in Queens (sorry Lao Bei Fang, but your wonton soup doesn't compare, though that's not to say it's not good too).There have been a few unsuccessful restaurants in this location throughout the years (even one I frequented for years growing up which I miss dearly), but I hope Shun Wang is here to stay. Welcome to the neighborhood!*Note: I had left this review as a draft and am posting it a few months after. I'd like to point out that this restaurant currently has a C sanitary rating. Though that hasn't deterred their lunch crowd one bit, I for one am staying away until they clean up the place!
everything here is fresh and delicious and wildly authentic.  bon appetit
Really slammin' Cantonese style food. It definitely helps if you speak and read Chinese, but you can still manage a great meal even if you don't. The Emperor fried rice with salty fish (forgot the actual name) was unbelievable and better than some I've had at Chinese weddings. It's a small area and not crowded at all, at lease the times I went. Best of all, eight dishes came out to about about 90 bones for seven people. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for savory Cantonese meal. Parking, on the other hand, is hit or miss with Broadway being kind of a mess at times.  Take the bus/train if you can.
Ahh, I kind of want some right now. Even though I live close to Flushing and can get this sort of food anytime, I specifically crave this restaurant sometimes. Maybe it reminds me of home when I'm at work. Maybe I just really like their rice and soy sauce chicken. I think I'm gonna have to go again in the next 24 hours, now that I'm thinking about it.
I went to try this place after good reviews on a help! What a disappointment. I should have walked away when I saw the the big C letter on the window ( Health Department grade).But I still went inside.I ordered  the wonton, duck noodle soup.The noodle were undercooked. Duck meat chewy like rubber. Not crispy like in Manhattan. Soup base flavorless.GO TO MANHATTAN FOR WONTON, DUCK, NOODLE SOUP.
I seriously pick up food from here almost every other weekend.  This is real Cantonese style food, not the typical Chinese take-out garbage.   Beef pan fried noodles, seafood fried rice and congee are all awesome.  I tried about 1/4 of the items on their menu and I pretty much liked everything.  And the BBQ  (roast pork, chicken and duck) are all delicious.They have a small entrance for the restaurant and the take-out counter so be ready to be jockeying for a spot to get your orders in.  The place is only rated a C by the Dept of Health.  I'm not trying to scare people off but if it bothers you then you've been warned.Good food and good prices.
Usually pop in side door for container of roast duck or pork.  Side of rice costs a buck.   Always fresh and delicious.   Haven't eaten in actual restaurant itself but it's always bustling. So spoiled eating in neighborhood.
Extremely poor service, does not treat customer with respect, will not come back.
Great place for congee. I was sick with a cold and decided to give it a go. The congee was flavorful with bits of chopped meat and green onions. It wasn't the panacea I was hoping for. Didn't cure my cold. But at the end I was full and happy.
Very good canto....superfast takeout.Nothing fancy but a very good meal at a very good price.
This is my go-to Chinese food place. Cheap good eat. This place is not your regular hole-in-the-wall Chinese because although they serve Americanized Chinese food like General Tso's chicken (surprise, surprise!), they also serve authentic Chinese/Cantonese food. They also serve Chinese breakfast everyday from 7AM to 11AM, I think.
A time warp. Would be 5 stars but I didn't like that they charged tax. Price on the menu is supposed to be price you pay at a restaurant like this.
Typical Big Wong style Cantonese food here. Roast pork, duck, pig and chicken. Never dined in always been takeout for me. Favorite item from this place is the roast pig, congee and the roast duck. Ask for the chili oil it complements very well to every noodle soup dish they serve.
My family came here for dinner w my family and 2 of my nephews, it's family friendly typical cantonese restaurant you can either dine in or take out.  Dining room is mildly packed w round tables and 4 seater tables.  Food was good compared to most cantonese nearby, at least better than last similar restaurant exist in the same premise, they have chef's specials posted on the wall, we tried the oxtail casserole which was pretty good. all the dishes we ordered was fresh, although portions are on the smaller end w average restaurant price, we're pretty happy w the food.  My parents buy their roast duck on reg basis, it's not too fatty and it's always delicious!  Like most places in chinatown, the service was ok, we had to ask them to change our places and refill tea.  They do take credit card but we were push to pay cash after tax were being applied.  With all that mention, i'll def give them a four star w improved service and portion.
I will never go back to this place because of the absolute lack of respect for customer service! I purchased three dishes for take out this week and received them from a short statured middled aged woman with a miserable affect and eye glasses. I asked for some chopsticks and she gave me only one. She went on the tell me to let her know first before she packed forks in. I looked at her as if she was crazy but stayed calm and turned to walk away. I am a senior and don't like conflict. Anyway, this angry lady then said,  "Do no come back again." I was shocked and embarassed. Luckily, my son wasn't around to chew this depressed lady up for her astounding disrespect towards me for practically nothing. Thanks for listening. Sincerely,Kim
I would come here from time to time when in the area. It must have new owners since the name is different now. The food is the same. You get that real authentic cooking from here but I would like to point out as of 11/2/13 the restaurant has a healthcode rating of "C" and the place is swarmed with pestering flies! I also had a fly land inside my tea and just float around there prior to me taking a sip.  If the place were much cleaner then my ratings of this restaurant would be higher
This is another branched out restaurant from BIG WONG's restaurant Chinatown. They are famous for their roast pork and congee. I love their crispy fried bread that goes great with their congee. But I am very disappointed with their wonton soup. The soup has too too much MSG that caused me feel thirty all day. If you are allergic to MSG, stay away from Shun Won!
The food is so awesome and unexpectedly good!!!  Compare to Big Wong or Wing Wong in Chinatown I would prefer Shun Wang because I think they give you more meat and portion overall is bigger.  I love all their roast meat, roast duck is my favorite, congee is also good!
Cantonese BBQ joint opened by the same guys that run Big Wong in Chinatown on Mott Street.  Some of the staff is from the Manhattan restaurant and from the previous restaurant at this location.  Expect more Big Wong food with larger portions.  Great for BBQ items.   Like Big Wong its a better place for lunch.  For Queens people this will save you a trip to Manhattan if you are itching for good Cantonese BBQ.
First going to this place. I ordered wonton with duck noodle soup. pretty good. now I don't have to travel to Chinatown for it.
This place is good and cheap.  It serves your run of the mill Cantonese food so you should definitely try their roast duck and crispy roast pig.  The rest of the dishes were pretty good but on the salty side (better than bland though) especially the sauteed clams in black bean sauce.  Place is quite small too but would still recommend if you're looking for a tasty, affordable meal in the Elmhurst area.
The food was good and very quick.  Interior is not very fancy.  Prices of the entrees were reasonable.  Will go back if around the area and wanted Chinese food.
Grand opening.The place was packed.We did not want to wait for a table to open up.I got my order to go.I got: Roast pork and soy sauce chicken with noodle in soup  $6.50Roast pork Lo Mein   $7.50Fried fish with mixed vegetable over rice  $5.50Each dish was well done.
Big Wong in Queens, can't go wrong. Plus they deliver to Jackson Heights.
Dishes with cheap and affordable prices. Food in general is mediocre. Nothing too fancy. Decor is alright. Ample seating and the staff is very attentive and prompt.
This is a tough review here, because I really enjoy their food. They have $5 combo specials (with white rice) and their wonton soup comes with your choice of noodle which is always appreciated. Their fried rice is also pretty good, and I have never been disappointed by anything I've ordered here. The big negative is that it is a "C" by  whatever the N.Y. health department code thing is. I've eaten in some pretty grimy places, but really dont know what they did to get this low grade. Hopefully they pick it up to at least a "B" or I don't think I'll go back. Sure they have have a pig hanging in the window and probably about 50 ducks strung up in the back, but I've seen places like that before that can at least squeak out a "B" rating. Hopefully they can pull that up a bit without removing the pig from the window because I really enjoy seeing that get smaller piece by piece throughout the day. Fingers crossed.
Good roast duck and soy sauce chicken if you are too lazy to drive to Chinatown.
This is my go to place to eat for  cantonese food.  Their roast duck, roast pork are excellent.  Their congee is excellent and they even have fried  cruellers and the sweet breads to go with the congee. I am so happy not to have to drive to Chinatown to get some good simple cantonese food.
