I had their Mapo Tofu Rice Noodle, and it was amazing. The tofu was really fresh, which is a must in China, but very rare in the US. They probably make it in house or have some contact in Chinatown that makes it fresh. The rice noodle was just as good as the ones I used to eat when I'd skip my English classes in high school in China. I felt ok doing that because, well my English was way better than that of my teacher, so seemed like a good opportunity to sneak away for a decent lunch. The noodles here reminded me of those good old times...ahh nostalgic...I reserved my lunch through MealPal, I think that's why it was not as spicy as it could have been, which is good as most people using MealPal probably can't eat really spicy food like we Chinese do. Next time I would like to sit down to a meal and request that they prepare it spicy enough for a Chinese person. Can't wait to come back!
Came in for dinner had the tofu with noodles. It was very well made. You can also get the tofu separately with rice which I may do next time. These guys love their food and cook it with love. Definitely come buy for a delicious cheap dinner!
Authentic Chinese noodle, the environment is really really Chinese as well. ( don't really greet you, you grab menu and order with the cashier.) Only a few seating available, very small place. If you want to grab a small quick bite, go for it.
Spicy Cold Chicken Noodles:The crisp crunch from the cucumbers accentuated the freshness of the cold dish while the chili oil vinegar sauce balanced out the freshness with some heat and bite.Authentic hole in the wall only one of its kind in the area.
Wow definitely one of the better take-out meals I've had in a while. When I first arrived, I saw two guys who I thought were customers smoking outside. It turns out that they were actually the chefs! Definitely a turn-off but don't let that deter you from ordering their delicious food! I think the most popular option is the A4 Spicy chicken cold noodles so that's what I got. So good! The noodles were perfectly bouncy and the sauce was just amazing; the perfect mixture of peanut sauce and spicy chili oil. The cucumbers made the dish so refreshing. The chicken itself wasn't that good but they didn't give that much of it anyway. The noodles is where it's at and fortunately they give a hefty amount. Got my food very quickly after I ordered and it was $8 for a pretty big portion. Service was very friendly. The place itself is pretty small and no frills but they do have seating for ~10 people. Open fairly late (until 10:30) so convenient for those with late night shifts looking to grab a bite before work. I usually don't go to the same restaurant twice but it looks this might be an exception!
I went to try this place because the reviews seemed pretty good, in spite of its name, and my better judgment. It really is a hole in the wall, with most people doing take out.We went for the spicy beef noodle dish, and the cold noodles. The beef noodle broth was essentially bath water with pepper flakes. There was so little flavor to it that we left most of the broth behind. The noodles were soft and slimy without any nice chew. The only redeeming thing about the dish was the beef, which was surprisingly flavorful, and unfortunately sparse in quantity. The cold noodle dish was thankfully better, with a nice peanut sauce. It was a large portion and a healthy serving of cucumber. That said, it wasn't good enough to make me want to give this place a second shot. I would say if you really want to try this place, go for it because it probably won't give you food poisoning. Although there might have been some tobacco in our food, since one of the owners was walking around with a cigarette out behind the counter before he stood right outside the door and smoked it. Let's chalk it up to an odd evening..
This place has such a cute name and got me REALLY excited. Despite the signs across the street saying CLASSIC BARBERSHOP, I straight up thought I was in Asia or Taiwan! The restaurant is very small and seats about 13 people. Super typical of any restaurant in Taiwan. I can totally see this place poppin' at night for dinner. The food, itself, I was rather surprised with how authentic and well-cooked everything was. Me and a friend got scallion pancakes ("green onion pie" hahah), ma po tofu and pork buns. It was more than enough food. BEWARE the ma po tofu is extremely spicy - but the spices and the pepper they use is as authentic as you can get in NYC and actually so so good, even for a spice noob like me. The scallion pancakes were actually AMAZING. The pork buns was mostly meh, and not a lot of other spices or sauce like you would get in Asia - it was straight up just pork and cilantro. The prices weren't bad at all for a little place in Flatiron. I love eeeeet. Reminds me of home. Will definitely be back for their beef noodle soup. Damn.
I wouldn't have tried it if it wasn't for Mealpal. Needless to say it completely exceeded my expectations. Probably the best beef noodle soup in the area as far as I'm concerned (no offense to Xian Famous Foods which I am also loyal to). For standard no frills Chinese food this place is pretty legit. Unlike some of the other Chinese restaurants in the area, they don't have a hundred options on their menu. They just focus on a few select dishes and do them really well.
Came here for lunch after tutoring. This restaurant is a hole in the wall with a small kitchen behind the counter as this is usual of the other fast dining restaurants around Baruch College. This one uses a microwave beside the noodle stations.Ordered the sesame paste cold noodle and the pork bun sandwich. The sesame paste is tangy. I added chili oil to give it a kick. The pork bun sandwich is basically a piece of pork belly inside the gua bao flat steamed bread. The gua bao is seen used to make peking duck instead of thin pancakes you see in Beijing. The place is small. While there, a group of three ordered food to stay. Some order take out.
Spicy chicken cold sesame noodles! Authentic Chinese culinary quality (hats off to the chef, so happy to find this in Midtown), served properly from a hole in the wall (just like the ones you'd find the best bowl of noodles in, in Asia), above and beyond suited for your Western taste buds, a very generous portion, and only $6.95. Order a bowl to go and take it back to your office for the best takeout noodles you've ever had! And don't forget to leave them their well-deserved tip!
Writing this review as I'm sitting in this little gem for the 1000th time since I moved into the neighborhood 3 month ago. Everything here is cheap and delicious; my favorites are the beef rice noodle soup, beef tripe, wonton in clear broth and cold chicken noodle. This spot draws tons of Chinese people who know an authentic hole-in-the-wall when they see one (and other people who have managed to catch on to the secret). Mr. Lou and his team are also absolutely wonderful. Makes me feel like I'm home at my grandparents'.
This reminded me of the street stalls in Beijing, there were about 4 tables but it was packed at lunch. I got the won ton soup because I was feeling a little under the weather, it was kinda bland and I wished I went with another soup.
The space is small and nothing fancy but you will not regret the decision to stop by. The spicy chili wontons are meaty and the sauce is well rounded. It's a bit spicy but also has a tang from the vinegar and saltiness from the soy sauce. The scallion pancakes were flaky but a little bit oily. The service was really warm and friendly. Prices are affordable for some good authentic flavored food.
I'm no stranger to my share of dumps and holes-in-the-walls, but I draw the line when I find a two-foot long strand of hair in my noodles.  I pointed this out, and one of the ladies brusquely said they'd make another bowl for me.  No apology or attempt to prevent the problem from happening again; just business as usual.  I don't expect polished service (or frankly, much service at all) from places like this, but ugh.  The food is nothing to write home about.  If I wanted noodles like this, I'd go to other joints in the area that are cleaner-looking and taste better anyway.
O my gosh, yes. New favorite neighborhood spot.I ordered the cold spicy sesame peanut noodles with chicken, and it's not so spicy but there's so much flavor and it's the perfect dish for a hot summer day. I'll have to go back with friends so I can try the other dishes, because this ridiculously craveable bowl of noodles is a must-order.I also got chopped cucumbers as a side, and I don't know what magic ingredient is in that garlic oil but it's unbelievably simple and refreshing and delicious.Tons of food for a grand total of $12. Sure it's a hole in the wall so it doesn't get points for ambiance, but the name Burp Bowl more than makes up for that. I'll be back soon!
This is a hole in the wall in midtown.  This is not a place you would bring your date for a candle light dinner.It has a very simple menu of about a dozen items.  It's mostly a Szechwan menu.  The food is cheap and the service is fast.They have 4 tables but this is really a takeout place.  No rice!  But a lot of noodles.  I had their pork bun sandwiches and scallion pancakes.  Both good.  Portions are small to normal (always a good thing)Cheap!  Go!
This is easily the best rice noodle place in the city - much better than fancier places popping up over east village.  It is no-thrills, but the food is amazing (the beef in the beef noodle soup is melt in your mouth tender) and the owners are the warmest people.  A true hidden gem.
Great Chinese food in in Murray Hill!  Love this place and everything about it.  Small hole in the wall.  Kept me alive during first year of grad school when I got sick.  Definitely get spicy anything--those Szechuan peppercorns are killer tasty.  Recommend any of the noodle soups and pork belly buns.  Herbal tea in the fridge to complete the experience.  A lot of Chinese food in NYC is Americanized but this place is the tits.
This absolute gem is hidden away at the corner of 27th and Lex.Small place, super reasonably priced, with authentic and delicious Chinese delights! Superb Mapo Tofu, incredible cold noodles, wonderful wontons in chilli oil. Just YUM! Since the place is small and basic, for those who want ambience, maybe take the food to go.The chefs  (I'm guessing owners as well) are all hard at work behind the counter in their kitchen and creating delightful dishes in real time. Very pleasant and smiling faces. A must if you're in the vicinity!
Went there today, ordered spicy beef with rice noodle, also spicy wonton.  The soup was good, flavorful, but not enough noodles.  The wonton was horrible, straight out of already made supermarket packages,. But the service was super nice!
The new and improved Burp Bowl is amazing!! It used to be a Japanese restaurant but it went out of business. Mr. Luo bought it, kept the name and turned it into an authentic Chinese noodle house. Because it still has the same name as the previous restaurant, please don't be deterred by any negative reviews from the old restaurant. Also anyone who has left negative reviews previously, try the new Burp Bowl and I guarantee you'll want to update your review positively. Mr. Luo makes delicious and authentic Chinese food that will make your mouth water. The broth from his beef noodle soup is absolutely perfect and I'm also a big fan of the spicy wontons. It's a small shop but there are plenty of seats and you can also take out. They accept credit card which a nice plus.The takeaway: I am a big fan of Mr. Luo, his story, his food, and his location. It's super close to me and you usually don't find good Chinese food in this area! I plan to come back several times a week. Give it a try if you want flavorful authentic Chinese food that's light and satisfying.
I had the chicken with cold noodles and it was lacking flavor, but the noodles were perfectly cooked and the chicken was tender.
Burp Bowl is probably the best bang for the buck spicy Chinese food in the area, and for the price you're paying, the quality was good and taste was authentic. The place is a hole in the wall (better of getting take out), and don't expect any service at all (better to expect bad service). Still, given the price, quality, and authenticity, I'd say this place is a keeper.
Love love love their Spicy Chicken Cold Noodles and Beef Noodle Soup! Their "green onion pie" or classic scallion pancakes are also delicious. Service was quick - though there is not much room to sit, just a few tables and chairs. Portion sizes are good and they accept all credit cards. I would highly recommend this place for take-out!
Tiny itty bitty restaurant,  but they accommodated my party of 5 easily. Service was great, decor not so much but I didn't go there for the decor. We went because of the name and saw it was always full. The food was delicious. I got the beef noodle no chili oil, my son got the won ton soup with the chili oil and we had a side of bok choy. Huge portions and great prices. The beef melted in my mouth so amazing.
Traditional Chinese beef noodle. Highly recommend ed! If you can eat guts then chicken ginzzards and beef stomach are must trys
Mr. Luo (or Burp Bowl Cafe. Still using the same name from the previous Japanese restaurant) is the only place you can get truly authentic Chinese noodle and homemade style wonton soup in this area. Just opened two month ago. It's totally different than regular Chinese restaurants. Spicy but not hot. Non or maybe less MSG. Broth is made by boiling chicken, pork, and beef bones. Awesome quality in low price. If they had better interior design, I would definitely pay $5 more for each.My coworker and I go there 2-3 times a week. Highly recommend their Lamb Rice Noodle Soup (no strange smell!), Szechuan Style Cold Noodles with Sesame Sauce, and Wonton in Red Chili Oil!!
Nothing can beat a hot and spicy lamb rice noodle soup in a freezing-to-death winter evening! They also serve v tasty small portion dishes like spicy chicken breast, pork feet, chicken liver etc, v Chinese and some of my american friends would never dare a try lol. I really recommend the chicken and pork feet and the portion serves perfectly for two ppl.But the space is v limited. they only have three tables and three bar seats near the window. Service was not so efficient as the couple cover everything, so we waited for a while to get seated. Luckily it turned out the food worth the wait!
Stopped in for a light bite but enjoyed it so much that we ordered more and left stuffed (and happy!!) Super spicy beef noodle soup was mouth numbing in a great, delicious way!  A keeper and we will be back!
Very authentic Chinese soup vermicelli here!!! Definitely my go-to place for Chinese vermicelli. The staff here are super friendly and they have a great selection of Chinese beverages as well!
Food is pretty good! I ordered the eel rice and they gave me it in 3 portions! One side with eel, middle is rice, and the other side is veggies (lettuce). I ordered online and asked for pickup. Online it says it comes with gyoza dumplings however when I opened the box, there was only one piece of gyoza that didn't even pan fried it. It was one piece of boiled dumpling. Over the eel rice was okay, not the side order with it though. Also have the chicken app and it was alright. They really deep fried it and it was really oily. But I was happy with my eel rice considering the price value and portion. Great for lunch!
WOW. What a find! Chicken with spicy noodles and bok choy. Wontons in red oil. Incredible.
The previous reviews by people were for the old Burp Bowl, and the reviews were mixed.  They sold the location and Burp Bowl name over to Mr. Lo (the new name is Old Lo's Noodle Shop), who makes possibly the finest Szechuan food I've ever had.We ordered several items on his regular menu as well as some of the specials of the day which are written on the chalkboard in Chinese.  Beef noodles, spicy handmade wontons, red oil "chicken that makes you drool", braised pig knuckles and cold marinated bitter melon were all amazing.  We'll definitely be regulars there!
I started coming to Burp Bowl last year and also introduced my coworkers to it. Now that our office has moved far from the area, I give myself work-from-home days just so I can take a walk to Burp Bowl for lunch. Love the noodle soups but don't be afraid to be a little adventurous and try all the dishes on the menu! The chicken gizzard and pig's feet are flavorful and texture-ful. I always ask for things extra spicy because they like to use heat as a flavoring instead of just for heat's sake (which is what I'm all about). This is a great place for if you have a craving for authentic Chinese food but the gouged up prices at the Xi'An Famous Foods nearby are threatening to burn a hole through your wallet.
Really a 3.5*, rounded up due to a few reasonings that justify so. Lets start by saying truly a gem in the wall for this area. To find good authentic beef noodle soup in midtown is like trying to find my mini me after a few months of not shaving down there...very hard indeed. Is it the best? definitely not, but to be mindful of the area that it's in, meaning no where near chinatown, this place is great for getting your fix. The soup base was nice and spicy, not shy on the cilantro, and a nice heat that wasn't too overwhelming in sichuan peppercorns. The noodle texture is softer than I'm used to, which I wasn't really a fan of. I enjoy a bite and chew to my soup noodles with that right amount of bounce. The workers were really nice and you kind of just want them to do well for such hard workers in a tough industry. For midtown, the prices are fair and relatively decent. I have the luxury of going to chinatown and flushing a lot so to compare it to there wouldn't be fair but they are a few bucks more expensive than the norm of what you would pay for these type of dishes. For convenience factor though it's worth it. Stay fat mother suckers
This joint is not sophisticated -- obviously. Yet it is simple, fresh & legit.  Two tables, three stools, and shared table for four. Open kitchen shows what they do. A great quick lunch in Gramercy. Poached chicken with chili say will clear your head, electrify your palate, and fill the tum.
3.5 starsMy guess is that this tiny restaurant (fits maybe 8 ppl) caters to the Baruch college crowd, but what few dishes they make are pretty tasty. The wontons are all-meat and the spicy version is served in a deep pool of chili oil (probably mixed with water/broth because it didn't feel like eating a mouthful of oil). Not bad, but I do enjoy some greens in my wontons. The cold noodles were my favorite, I love peanut/sesame and that's primarily the sauce for the noodles (also a hint of black vinegar). The noodles are bouncy and chewy and perfect for warm days. The beef noodle soup has very interesting noodles, with pretty much no chew at all but instead are slippery and smooth. My Chinese dining companion said these were a specialty noodle made with just rice, so maybe the lack of gluten makes it less chewy? Since I like my noods chewy, it isn't something I'd go for but my friend said it was authentic. The beef chunks are super tender as well. Burp looks shabby, but it seems clean and the staff is very friendly. Definitely not a bad option in this neighborhood when the noodle cravings hit. File under cheap eats and Chinese food not in Chinatown.
It's a new authentic Chinese restaurant now. Lao Luo is the owner and he cooks everything. Although the place is small, food here is AMAZING. Now I don't need to take the train to flushing to get a bowl of authentic Chinese rice noodle. I recommend the Dried spicy chicken rice noodle! Add some vinegar and I feel like in heaven. There are also some small Chinese dishes. They are not on the menu but you can find pictures in the restaurant. Lao Luo is very nice! He gave me and my friend hot tea the second we sat down because the weather was kind of cold. Eating here and seeing him cooking reminds me of my dad back home. I love this place and told all of my friends to come here. We need more restaurants like this in the city.
I ordered noodles soup, pour bun and spicy chicken. All of which are mediocre. The noodles post on picture are stretched noodles but the noodles came out to be just plain package noodles. The spicy chicken are more on the salty than spicy. The bun looks great but for $5.00 is not with it. Around the other table, there are left over liquor bottles. I would not recommend this place, if you are looking form something tasty.
the broth for the noodle soup is amazing.  you can tell they spend a long developing the flavors with both pork and beef bones.
This is one of the hidden gems off the beaten path that I accidentally stumbled across and wondered why I never knew it was there before. You absolutely need to know what to get in order to enjoy it. The menu is small but every item is authentic Chinese street food. No.1 - THE BEST scallion pancake I've had in years!! It's golden crispy on the outside, and has fluffy and soft layers on the inside. It smells delicious and taste like home sweet home. I usually order two and wolf them down in no time. No.2 - Pork wonton soup either in clear broth or with a little chili oil. Wonton soup is supposed to be delicate and mild in flavor...the ultimate comfort food when you drink the hot broth and sweat a little. The meat inside is salty and tender, not too big and not too small. No.3 - Pot-stewed beef stripe and pork tongue, a famous night market favorite to pair with a bottle of Tsingtao Beer or roasted peanuts. It's an acquired taste; hit-or-miss for my American friends. Here at Mr. Luo's cafe they make it just like the night markets so I love it! No.4 - Beef noodle soup with chili oil. The beef chunks are made with diligence and care because it is SOOOO tender and flavorful!! The rice noodle is a special kind from JiangXi Province, silky soft in texture, different from the chewy type I'm used to. No.5 - "Mouth-watering" steamed chicken in spicy marinating sauce. This is their bestseller. I'm putting it as No. 5 because personally chicken is my least favorite kind of meat. But every time I come here the neighboring tables are all eating this dish. I tried it and the chicken is indeed very tender and savory. If you like chicken you would probably enjoy it very much. Everyone working here is nice and attentive. I always say thank you to the uncle and auntie working behind the counter, and clean up my table for them before I leave. Like the old times.
This is a pretty hole-in-the-wall place that I initially overlooked, but I'm so glad I stopped by. I got their liang mien (cold noodles) and it was super fresh and authentic compared to some other places I've tried. They don't load up their food with unnecessary seasonings and keep it grounded to their roots. I think it may be a family owned place, and everyone who has served me has always been super nice and friendly. It's also pretty cheap for how much food you're getting!
The food here is SLAMMIN!!! I have eatin here 3 days in a row already and I'm in love!! I just love the cold sesame noodles with chicken spicy!!! Will Definetly keep coming back!!!
Always stand by, chicken with chili sauce, braised trotter...are so delicious!!!!!!!!!!!! Love those! Come and try!
I came here for the beef noodles and the rice noodles were overcooked. The place was warm af. Inside the restaurant was dirty as well. Probably won't come here again. Chili dumplings were pretty good tho. Price wasn't so cheap either - $30 for 2 people. The soup was okay; it had some good taste but it seemed like a cheap soup. In the receipt, they have this thing to get tipped more - like checking 15% 20% 30% tip, I don't like when restaurants try to collect a lot of tips by force like this. Everything was just A-OK, and because there are other great restaurants, I probably won't visit here again (also a bit far for me).
The restaurant is pretty empty everytime we pass by.  With little to no customers, I'm sure it's hard to keep fresh stocked food in the back.  Everything on the menu has a 2 dollar off deal, except for the chef specials. A couple of us in my office tried a few of the items on the menu but we haven't found anything good to be completely honest.  The eel over rice was okay considering the eel is precooked when you buy them from the grocery. The ramen is not real ramen, and the fried chicken was dry and bland.  The white rice is soggy and not grainy (a few more hours in the pot and it might turn into congee). There's one guy manning the entire restaurant and I feel bad for him.  This is a Japanese themed chinese take out, and it does not pull it off well.  Food needs to improve for sure.
Food was tasty enough but nothing too special. Scallion pancake was too doughy and flavorless. Barely any scallion in it.
This is my first positive review on Yelp and I want to give this place 6 stars if I can. To start, the name and owner of the store have both changed so I think the rating doesn't reflect how great Laoluo's (name of the chef) food is. The dishes he prepares are the top notch Chinese street food that you can only get maybe in flushing. It's truest authentic and he puts a lot of heart in it. The servings are huge. I would say the best part is the broth. Chinese people make the broth with quality ingredients and when we eat the noodle, we drink the broth with it. The pepper sauce is spicy but has more layers of spice and aroma than just painful spicy. Definitely worth trying if you are interested in authentic food. It's way worth the price. He mentioned that the signature dish is lamb but he had trouble finding quality lamb so he decided to not serve it. He really cares about the food he provides. After getting into the food, I want to share Laoluo's story. He is around 50 now. Most of his life in the US, he worked for another Chinese restaurant on the upper east side for 15 years and has helped several friends start their businesses. One day, he was walking pass this shop and saw they are renting out the store front. He then thought to himself, if he didn't take the chance now, his life will go on but nothing will ever change. So he took the leap of faith, quit his job, rented the store, renovated it, and started selling amazing noodle soup. He doesn't have perfect English, knows nothing about marketing, and couldn't get any business in the first month. But his few customers working next door (I assume is one of the people who left a review on yelp) told him, I love your noodle soup, please don't quit! So he kept at it. The customer brought his/her colleagues, printed the dish pictures for him, and try to advertise the restaurant for him. Two months have passed. Laoluo is still working diligently at the restaurant. And I just want to leave this review to say, he's working as hard as everyone, please support him!
Super delicious and authentic tasting Chinese food :) was playing bar trivia next door and gorged myself on the spicy noodle soup. A meal like this for less than $10? Amazing! The broth is delicious-- the space is a bit small though, but it will definitely be great for the winter!
I only tried the spicy chicken cold noodles, but it might be the best thing I've eaten all year.
Wow! Found this walking on 27th just East of Lex at 11:30 am as all the Indian restaurants open at noon. My lucky day - got to enjoy their lovely Salmon Teriyaki Special for just 5.99 - 3 pcs of Salmon in Chef/Owner John's special sauce w rice, a salad and a dumpling. Great chef and a great guy who is just happy and sharing it with us! Small place with only room for 9 to sit but super clean. Nice, fresh break in Little India with - gotta love the name - " Burp Bowl"! Trying the Ramen next time. The Yakiniku Udon and Chicken Katsu Don look amazing. Love the 24 beautiful photos of John's specials. He also has a orange sign which states " YES!!! $2 off my order on the Menu ( not including Chef Special). Awesome !
Food at this place is cheap, but it's not good.  Also, beware of the false advertisement when ordering.  The real thing is completely different from what the pictures  on the menu show (see my picture).  The ramen is completely different, the picture shows a Japanese style ramen, but the real thing is a Chinese style noodles that does not resemble anything of what's shown on the menu.  I would have rated the place higher if the taste of the food's ok, but unfortunately, the soup tasted bland and the noodles were a bit overcooked.  I have not ordered other items on their menu, so I am not sure if they would taste better than their noodle bowls.
Delicious!!!!! Super simple and flavorful ingredients coming together for a hugely satisfying lunch. I got the spicy beef noodles, and the beef and Bok Choy were perfect. Soup wasn't too salty either--light and savory. My mom got the cow stomach, it was written in Chinese and not even sure if it's on the English menu, but was delicious as well--fresh and sautéed.
based on previous reviews, this is no longer a Japanese restaurant - instead, they make amazing spicy Chinese food. I came across this place through MealPass (now called MealPal) and have been coming here for lunch ever since. Every noodle dish that I've tried has been fantastic but the stand outs are the spicy beef noodle soup and the mapo tofu noodles. Mouth wateringly delicious, so glad this place is doing great noodles instead of mediocre Japanese food (per the previous reviews, I've never tried it back when it was serving different food) I'm posting a photo of their menu but keep in mind they have additional dishes on their chalkboard and boards inside the restaurant.
The owner is from the same town my family is from in China and I'll attest that the noodle soups here are LEGIT.
Mealpass review: Chashu ramenFor once I didn't take pictures and I wish I did. Came here for my Mealpass lunch of chashu ramen. While I understand that some places advertise Chinese "lamian" as Japanese "ramen" (see: Kung Fu Little Steamed Buns), never have I been so sorely disappointed by this. What looked like a mediocre bowl of Japanese ramen in the pictures (hey, it's Flatiron, you can't be too picky here) turned out to be a less-than-mediocre bowl of Chinese noodles. Sliced pork turned out to be chunks of gristly, fatty, overcooked meat, there were no fishcakes as advertised, the broth tasted like it was straight out of a Cup Noodles packet (and the corn didn't help that impression either), and for some reason there were also lima beans? Egg on the side was hardboiled and not runny at all, but that was the least of the problems that were going on here. The noodles were passable, at least.I'd come back for one of the rice dishes or the potstickers, maybe. Those looked decent.
8 bucks for a delectable beef noodle soup is not a bad deal. The noodles were cooked with just the right amount of firmness, and while I can tell the brand of chili they used to spice up the bowl, it was nevertheless fragrant and provided just the right amount of kick without making the experience a struggle for survival.The beef itself was very tender, with a good mix of tendon, fat, and lean meat. I don't generally drink the soup of noodle dishes, so I can't really comment on that, but I can't imagine the soup tasting bad when the rest of it tasted so good.Definitely will stop by here again some time.
I stumbled upon this place one day while walking home from work and I stopped in not expecting much. The place was small and there is only one man working but the pictures looked pretty appetizing. I come here around at least once a week to get more food. It's cheap, tasty, and fast! I love the buns and would suggest the beef or chicken! Definitely would recommend and don't judge this place until you taste!
This restaurant is a true gem. Seriously.Last summer, after noticing that this little neighborhood hole-in-the-wall was under new ownership, I curiously stopped in for chat with the owner, Mr. Luo, and a bowl of noodles. Mr. Luo explained that after working in various kitchens in NYC, he decided to venture out on his own to "do something that he loves," which is to cook noodle soup from his home province of Guizhou, China. He served me a bowl of spicy lamb rice noodles (羊肉粉) and my instant reaction was a delightful recognition that this place is legit - an unusually authentic Chinese noodle shop in the middle of Manhattan.I'm a regular customer now and am willing to attest that all the noodle dishes here are really delicious. I also highly recommend the poached chicken in chili oil (口水鸡). I brought it to a potluck once and people were crazy for it.For those of you who are wondering about the unappetizing name of the restaurant, Burp Bowl, it is a vestige of the previous tenants of the space (along with the pictures of crappy donburis and early reviews on this Yelp page, unfortunately). The landlord was going to charge Mr. Luo a couple thousand dollars to change the signage so he just rolled with it instead.
Amazing authentic Chinese food from a family of great chefs. The spicy chicken noodle, sesame noodle and the spicy won tons are fantastic. It's off the beaten path, but well worth finding it. You won't be disappointed.
Burp Bowl Cafe, although sounds weird, it actually tastes pretty good. Not quite top of the line quality food but it's more of a "better than other stores nearby" kinda food. Honestly saying, if you go to Baruch College and you're looking for some good cheap food. This is probably a good place for you. Instead of eating ramen, popeyes, and subways everyday, come try this out. They make their noodles fresh on the spot and for 8 dollars too. I had the chicken rice noodle which is without soup and more of a sauce. It tasted delicious unfortunately because rice noodles are quite slippery and easy to digest, it's hard to feel full after the meal. Portion wise I would say it's quite normal. Oh and if you're a Mealpal customer, be aware that they kick you out from eating in the restaurant. Yes you're a customer and you're paying for your food, but because you're paying indirectly they don't like you.
The taste is great. Very authentic. But the quantity is not enough and the main dish is more like snack.
Hands down my favorite place for noodles and the wonton in chili oil. When friends come to visit New York, I take them to this hole in the wall. Menu is simple and everything is delicious
This is really an awesome place cause its really hard to fine genuine food like this one in Manhattan.. i have always had to go to Flushing to get it. Their food, service and everything else is great. I got no complains. its just the best!
Very good beef noodle soup and amazing wontons in chili oil. All at the most affordable prices you'll find in Manhattan.
Bit disappointed given high reviews. Always a fan of Chinese noodles and came in with high expectations.Taste is authentic yet mediocre.
Amazing beef noodle soup. I wandered in and two regulars happened to be here to direct me to what they like. This place is a total hole in the wall--two tables total with three chairs at a counter by the window. But they deliver. And I would absolutely return. Great food for under $10 makes me happy, regardless of the setting.
Did not eat here.  Went in,  they only had 5-7 noodle options and not the photos showed in yelp.  It doesn't have those yummy chicken Katsu or any of those posted photos. Perhaps they changed management?  We showed them a yelp photo from this Burp Bowl page and they looked at it cluelessly. Nothing again their establishment but someone is posting wrong pics?  I don't know...
Hands down the best spicy Chinese noodle place (in the US)! Totally authentic! Wish they have something like this in SF. Sigh. Will definitely go back if I visit NYC again.
I live in the area and had passed by this shop many times. This second iteration of the restaurant is as a Chinese noodle shop. When first opened it was a Japanese ramen and take away place. The name, "Burp Bowl" doesn't exactly instill confidence in the food but to my surprise, the noodle soup here is excellent. I'm a huge fan of the noodles at Xi'an Famous and I think these are pretty similar when I'm craving some hot noodle soup. The broth is excellent, with the right amount of spice and flavor to it.  The interior is small but has some decent seating. Not a great interior design but for cheap noodle soup this place is an excellent choice. I will definitely be back.
#Nice people here. Menu prices are confusing. It looks pricey, but then it says $3 off. Then it's like another $2 off if you bring in a new customer. So I don't know how much anything is. I think my #Unagi Don was $7.95 which is a pretty good deal if you're hankering for #eel.
The rice noodles with meat is delicious (chicken is thigh though, which I did not like, steak was good).  Although there isn't much of anywhere to sit here, they don't package the soup appropriately for take-out.  Hopefully that will change, for now, they put the broth and noodles together and by the time one may be ready to grub, it's mushy.A 5 star if they packaged for take-out.
New place that just opened about a month ago. Good food and with the $3 discount, its very affordable. I will go back.
This location is serving Chinese Guizhou noodles now. Very traditional noodles with spicy taste just all right!
Hear from my coworker there is a new Japanese ramen restaurant opened just 2 blocks away from my work，had unagi don just 8 bucks and good taste too, took out BBB ramen for my friend, will definitely try more again.
I just found this place recently and it is just 2 blocks away from NYU Dental College. With $3 discount and 10% student discount, the salmon teriyaki don is around $6. This is one hella of a cheap place for lunch.  Pros:+Affordable price, esp. in the middle of Manhattan and not China Town.+Decent food selection+Very generous portion+Clean placeCons-Limited seating so takeout is a must on busy hours
It's surprisingly authentic. The chicken cold noodle is definitely a highlight. Owner is very friendly and really thought about everything single detail in the cooking.
Dumplings are delicious! Nice staff. Good for fast lunch or dinner
i recommend the spicy beef noodle soup and the pork bun. i come in here once in a couple of weeks. the lines are getting longer every time I come in.
spicy and authentic food. very reasonable prices (which is rare in these parts) and the owners are friendly - will go again.
I tried Burp bowl cafe the other as I confused with all the eateries in the area as I was walking and much to my delight there it was and it felt inviting.I found it to be a cute place and very clean so I decided to try the food.I tried the Spicy Seafood don and I was very pleased both with my palette and my eyes awesome taste great job guys. Will come again A must try place you will not be disappointed.Gio
Great inexpensive place near work to satisfy my soup noodles craving!! Also greatSupporting mom & pop Asian businesses
This review is only about the ramen, of which I tried two different types. It is absolutely horrible, and I feel bad writing this, because the staff was very friendly with me, but I just wish they either did not sell ramen or drastically improved it. I am interested in trying the non-ramen dishes and will update this review accordingly.
Since it right across from my apartment i stopped by tonight for the chicken bento box. It was ok. It wasnt bad but I wouldn't say it was anything special. I thought the price was good $7 for a good portion of noodles, and what i think was chicken teriyaki. It included a little salad and one gyozo. I think ill try a ramen next time.
I think this is a good place just not very impressed with the food. Perhaps I didn't pick a good dish. It is very good value $8 for a plate (two bucks off the menu) and the take out food was very filling. However, I was expecting something more. Come here if you're a poor student but not if you want a grand experience of the taste buds. Also, they don't accept restaurant.com coupons!
This place is conveniently located in the city and I stumbled into this place looking for a new place to go to for a quick lunch.Although the food is not spectacular it is decent for the price. The polite and friendly staff, quick service, versatile menu (items to eat in, quick bites, and meals to go) and good-sized portions still make this place an attractive option to go to for lunch.You will have a hard time finding another location nearby with similar accommodations at their prices. It's worth a visit.
Spicy Chicken with Dried Noodles was delicious. My new comfort food
What they sell for ramen are Chinese noodles,not good Chinese noodles either.If you don't know what real Japanese ramen is then go here if you want Chinese noodle soup go to Chinatown you'll finde better for 1/2 the price.Not tasty and not the real deal,I have not tried the rest of the menu but,I will not comeback.
Good quick bite.  This place has super cheap japanese entrees.  The taff is super nice.  They included a free gyoza with my chicken katsu don.  The Katsu there is delicious you should try it.  The place has limited seating and is a perfect quick, cheap, takeout joint.
I heard about this place from a neighborhood friend and tonight I wanted to give it a try.   The owner must love to cook so you can pretty much ask as cook to order.  I wanted something light and healthy so he did less salt and less oil in my veggi noodle soup. It brought back memory of how my mom would cook for me when I studied late from school. Totally simple but perfect.
meal pass review: salmon teriyaki bowl. absolutely revolting.  re-heated, dry, old salmon, dry rice (how do you fuck up rice?), wasn't even teriyaki sauce, it was ketchup mixed with bbq sauce. fake japanese ginger salad dressing. almost inedible. the only thing helping me eat it was the soda. zero care put into this. a well deserved 1 star review.
