Surprisingly good.I went there before going to a concert and I really liked it.Decently priced (the 11.5$ menu is incredible value for money, same goes for the samosa and onions rings).The food was very good, the garlic naan exquisite (6/5), the samosa, the rings and the chickpeas as well (5/5).Chicken Tikka massala was OK (4/5).Will come back for sure.
I keep it real.:. I came here because I love Indian food and I wanted something quick! Great reasons right?! Well I was so excited to try this place. My reviews are always rated on cleanliness, friendliness of employees, quality and taste of food, and atmosphere of space.Whenever I go someplace new I also like to tell the person it's my first time because sometimes I like to ask for suggestions of the best item or favorite item etc.Well basically I walked up to order and I told the guy it's my first time and he basically wasn't friendly at all.. usually I get a welcome response or something.. Anyways I wouldn't compare this place to chipotle style at all..First this place is so confusing, like what is biryani, Kati, dosa, live fire salad, and feast. There are so many options to choose from and I wasn't sure what was included with my order... I would of preferred if they kept it simple, bowl, wrap, rolls, etc.. I ordered the biryani because I actually love the rice and I know what this is from other Indian places I've been too.. i also didn't have  much time to thoroughly read the menu as there were people behind me so I felt rushed... Next you go on to pick you're meat or veggie item. I picked the Saag Paneer, you have the option to choose between spicy or mild. Mine was spicy of course, I can admit it was pretty spicy, which I'm used to places saying spicy and in reality it's not. After I ordered I was confused on what happens next like are there toppings etc? Found out no you just pay. The flavor was pretty good for what it is.. I wouldn't come back.. esp being in NYC id rather just go to an authentic Indian restaurant.. pretty basic. I ordered garlic naan too and it was just ok, not much flavor and I found it to be very thin. I also thought the two sauces that came with my meal  were just ok...I also ordered a mango lassi and again it was just ok.. mine was pretty tarte and I couldn't taste any mango.. pretty disappointed in this actually because I love mango lassi.. I think I just had really high expectations for this place because of Indian restaurants I've tried in NY are out of this world..If you are looking for something quick and decent this is your place to go.. for me a last resort for sure..
Our recent visit to NY area.. walking around manhattan--we stumbled upon it.. Calcutta style Kathi roll is something that caught my eye and I had to try it.. upon entering--decor is very cool and hip and has some experimentation with India food which gives me some hope.. ordered Paneer Kathi roll.. it wasn't exactly Calcutta style as it was without egg or onions but again I am happy with what I ate.. it's basically paneer gravy with paratha but it was tasty.. I did ordered some pakora but I didn't like it much bc I think I was full after my roll BUT green coriander chutney and tamarind chutney were good too.. I will order it again with meat next time.. it's INDIAN FAST FOOD.. definitely go try..
The neighborhood Indian chipotle. I really wanted to like this place but the service was definitely off when I stopped by. I came here on a afternoon for lunch on a weekend . I ordered a mild chicken biryani, all was good in the beginning. Staff was polite and friendly, but the turning point was when one of the staff members associated my bowl to a different customer and that customer added onions and I didn't want onions. The guy didn't apologize when he realized he made a mistake. They ended up having to remake it, which took awhile. When that was done, I paid and ordered a garlic nan, which again took awhile. At that point I regretted not just leaving after that mistake and going elsewhere for lunch. Food was good overall, portion average and service could had been so much better. Warning May need anti acids afterwards.
Indian chipotle. That's exactly what this is and I love the it. Tons of options and full of favor!I got the chicken tikka biryani bowl. Everything about it was just awesome! You get a ton of food for $10 and the flavor is actually pretty authentic. Loved the quality of the saffron rice!
A really innovative mix of North and South Indian cuisines in a mexican style, the Dosa tacos use the popular South Indian rice crepes filled with North Indian style dishes in the shape of tacos. The crepes of course are gluten free - though a bit under-cooked in my opinion.Do Try: Kulfis - Indian style creamy dessert on a stick and Masala tea.
Well Indikitch type of heathy feast in midtown is not new, so you pick your base (rice/roll/salad), pick you main (meat/fish/veggie), pick your spicy level and they come up with a bowl. As simple and as quick. Not really into a big lunch, I opted for the Fire salad with chicken tikka. The meat was pretty well marinated and flavored well. Pay extra attention to the spicy level and don't overestimate, as everything was pretty spicy here and I had my tongue burning after finishing my bowl, thinking about getting the mild next time.They also serve lassi here, lovely!
Ordered for delivery. Took twice as long as expected. There was a 2 dollar delivery minimum and a minimum tip on top of that. First of all, don't do that. Second of all if you do that, make sure it arrives on time. Delivery quality is also thoroughly mediocre. Sad to say a once good restaurant has declined so much. Have been encouraging everyone I know to avoid.Don't eat here.
Dont go by the name! It aint an Indian restaurant!  You can make Chicken Biryani by adding chicken pieces over pre prepared saffron rice! Its just like Chipotle.Coke was good though!
Walked by last time on consulting assignment, quickly grabbed a garlic naan and it was good; promised myself I would come back for the food next time in the neighborhood.  So here I am! Once you walk in, the spice & aroma makes your mouth water.  Like all Yelpers quipped... mirror image of the Chipotle operation, ordering style, set up, & down to pricing!Got the 2 feast: chicken tikka, chick peas, veggies, non-spicy, garlic naan (of course! Like anyone said no ever?!?!) and samosas (epic good!).  Total $29... no drinks... if added the mango smoothie, would've been $35!  (Chipotle may be more generous though...)Good fast food (nothing Baluchi couldn't offer.. if not better... I miss them) Not an "every day" meal.  Old age = heart burn galore!  LOLEnjoy! PS: make sure you have mint if you have evening plans! *wink*
This really does feel like the Indian food version of Chipotle. It's totally okay -- convenient, fast and good enough. It all depends on how you feel about the Chipotle style of eating. And it's definitely to have another reasonably priced dining option in the Hell's Kitchen area just west of Carnegie Hall.The space, staff and presentation are pleasant. I ordered the most expensive dish, Feast ($11.76) which included a choice of main item (both veggie and meat options), plus rice, dal, a veggie and naan. The portion felt normal to me (not huge as suggested by other Yelpers). My only complaint was the naan. It was so hard and dried out that I had to pick here and there for little patches of dough soft enough to eat. It reminded me of what happens to leftover naan when I microwave it at home.I liked the Chai Garam ($2.30), the hot tea, which was just right. Not too sweet. The three dessert options ($2.30 each) are all served as popsicles on a stick. They're all creamy and sweet. We preferred the Malai, which is billed as dulce de leche, and is more commonly served in a bowl as a pudding. The Pista, which is pistachio-based, is pale green and was good too.
I've been here multiple times in the past year and it is certainly a great option for lunch or even dinner! This restaurant offers the traditional Indian offerings of chicken tikka, palak paneer, daal, etc but chipotle style! Literally you pick and choose how you want your food as well as the spice level. Great way to modernize Fast casual Indian food. I've ordered the feast as well as biryani option. Feast I suggest go with chicken tikka double serving of saffron rice (no salad) and the channa daal option. For the biryani you get three healthy scoops of rice. Opt for the crispy onions!Mango drink is a tad bit sweet but good nonetheless.
Great place for a rapid and sapid Indian meal.Limited choices spare you of the selection trouble.Choose your mains and your filings and also your spice level, settle down on their seating along or get it packed to go.Reasonable and appetizing in the heart of Manhattan.
If you are Indian food lover or Indian (you will feel like home)To try:Goan Fish Curry meal......Chicken DOsa.....Try medium spicy if you love spicy food....Grab a Mango Lassi (Dessert) right away if you have order a spicy food.Because u will need it in 5 mins. (Water or Soda wont help)
Was really in the mood for some Indian food so we came here under the recommendation of a friend. This place is literally Indian chipotle - and not just for the concept - some of their stuff literally tastes almost the same. Since we were hungry we both ordered the feast, which was a good amount but not exactly what I would call a HUGE portion. The pulled pork vindaloo and the chicken tikka were both good, but the pulled pork minded me a lot of chipotle, which is not necessary a bad thing. They give you a choice of dal, a little side salad, and type of rice. It was also great that you could choose what kind of naan you wanted without an extra charge. Overall I would say it is a little overpriced for what it is, but it is NYC so it is what it is. It's a good place for some fast Indian food or just a quick meal.
I can't. This is beyond delicious. I would eat here every day I could. Chipotle style for Indian food with your choice of rice/ chick peas/ lentil/ meat/ fish/ veges/ wraps. Downfall:Very long wait especially during peak hours. Short staff for someone answering the phone and taking orders for pick up. You'd might as well go in to order.
One line, best paneer tikka masala I ever had. Favorite  lunch spot in NY
I went to Indikitch for lunch with a coworker near our office. I got a Biryani with chick tikka main. I like my food spicy so I got it with two chili peppers (their measurement for heat) and it was delicious. I have had Indian food before and it wasn't as good as the real thing. For a chain however, it was pretty decent. The wait for my food wasn't long at all and my meal cost about $9.50. It's good if you want to mix things up a bit but no a "go to" for me.
I was so excited to finally try this place. I love everything about the restaurant when I stepped inside. It was like an Indian version of Chipotle. But I was not too crazy about my dish, maybe because I was sick? I ordered the chicken tikka biryani. It was basically spicy rice with chicken. I like the texture of the dry crunchy onions added on it and the regular onions in it were good too. And it is a lot in one dish, you will be stuffed. I didn't even finish my dish! I want to give it a second chance when I'm not sick. I definitely would come here again and try everything else they have, especially the feast. I have to say, the row of seats near the window are a little far apart from the table. Would've liked to comfortably sit closer to the table instead of sitting at the edge of the seat since the seats are permanently stuck to the ground.
Indian fast food at its best! You have a choice of ordering a feast, biryani, Kati roll, or fire salad. You can customize the dish exactly how you want and they make it to order so it is all fresh. I usually go for the feast because I like to eat with a lot of variety in one dish. The feast comes with a main (choices of chicken tikka, pork vindaloo, goan fish, panner tikka, mushroom kadai, and saag paneer), rice (choices of basmati, brown, and saffron), dal (choice of clssic, chick pea, and yellow lentil), side salad, and naan (white, garlic, or whole wheat). They have mild, medium, and spicy heat options. I usually get mild but even that is spicy for me, I'm still working on my spice tolerance lol.  The portions are a good size and the food is delicious. Always busy when I'm here but they are quick and you get your food in no time. Definitely recommend!
Fire. Chicken tikka was actually spicy with flavor , not tongue burning at all. Reasonably priced for the location (Manhattan) and they have beer. It's a win win win.
The Samosa Chaat is good, but all of the veg dishes and naan taste like they were shipped here in plastic packets, and warmed up in those packets. Same for the naan. I like that they have a large variety of options, but the taste of the paneer dishes is subpar. Additionally, the mango lassi and the "ginger cane" juice tasted artificial, over-processed and unauthentic. But the samosa chaat was good.
Good food. Worth the money. Tried feast and it was really good. It came with salad, rice & curry, bread & curry. All of them tasted good.
Whoever said this is the Indian chipotle was spot on. It isn't authentic and won't wow you, but this is a great lunch option for those of us that are 'salad/sandwich-ed out' and need some variety. For about $10 you get a filling lunch with sides and a main. Recommend the chicken tikka feast
This place is the best. Love their mix and match type of options. The basic entre is really good. Everything tastes fresh, they also mix some stuff right in front of you based on your spice level. Amazing. Give it a try
If you tried Real authentic Indian food this is far from it....  but if you are in a rush and the real Indian restaurants are closed from usually 3-530... then this is the place to eat!!! Its an Indian fast food spot...  the 8th Ave location is better than the one on w23 rd
Amazing flavors and ingredients but cheaper and faster than a sitdown Indian restaurant! What a brilliant idea. There should be a Chipotle style place for every cuisine! Can't wait to come back and try all the combos :)
I've been here now 3 times - keep on craving it and going back. Still haven't tried any of the mains, only the extras, but the samosas and chai are my new favorite thing. My colleague has had the saag paneer and evidently it's also delicious.Word to the wise - I'd really call the mulligatawny soup more of a broth. There are no veggies/meats in it. You can add chicken tikka to it for an additional charge, but I don't really know why you'd do that - the flavor of the broth is so lovely. But FYI, because knowledge is power!
I tried this place last night for the first time, and I was really impressed! I built my own "feast" with basmati rice, chickpea dal, cucumber, chicken tikka, and garlic naan. I also ordered a side of samosas. Everything was very tasty, and the portions were a good size. The naan was especially delicious. I left satisfied. My only gripe is that I would've liked to mix my rice with both the dal and the chicken tikka (the sauces were so flavorful), but there wasn't nearly enough rice to do so. It's a minor thing, and since the restaurant seems new they're probably working out the kinks.
I have had a lot of Indian food in NY and this place is terrible! Their Tikka Masala was literally the worst I have ever had. I couldn't even eat more than a bite or two. The Naan was super chewy and a little burnt. I had such high expectations and boy was I disappointed. So sad.
I discovered this restaurant on 8th avenue and I was not disapointed. I tried the biryani rice with chicken. Food was good, not too spicy (but you can ask for more spicy if you want).You look at the food being prepared in front of you and staff is really friendly.
I enjoyed the food from this Indian version of Chipotle fast food restaurant. I really enjoyed the atmosphere of this place and the workers are extremely helpful. My friends and I went and sat down to look at the menu and a lovely worker came up to us to ask if we had any questions. I decided to get a feast which was more than enough for one person to feel full. I did not dare to choose a spicy option and chose mild which had a little kick to it but not overwhelming. I really enjoyed the food and for a first timer I can strongly say I will be backThe reason why I gave only 4 stars is only for the lack of organization and communication among the staff members. I waited for some time for my food and the workers were all confused about the orders. But overall, I enjoyed the food!!
We happened upon Indikitch looking for a good, inexpensive place to eat. The food was excellent, flavorful, and warm, and the service matched the quality of the food. This restaurant is like the Indan food version of Chipotle. After days of paying Manhattan prices for food, it was nice to have a reasonably priced dinner. Please open one in Southern California!!! But until then, we will DEFINITELY return!!
It's basically an Indian version of Chipotle, as many reviews have said before me. The food isn't out of this world, BUT it is very cheap and good enough that I'd come again. For reference, I got three samosas for $3.44 (they are smaller than the average, but still) and the place of food is under $10, so it was definitely worth the money.
I was Starving All day when I stumbled on this doorstep. This place gave me Life!!  They prepare your Curry chicken in pans Fresh to your liking. I opted for 3 Spicy chili's. Perfecto. The ambience was soothing. The meal Amazing!!! Make sure u get the Garlic Naan Bread and the Samosa's...Yummm. Thank You & Shout Out to The Staff that was Efficient and Team Friendly..Go Eat there.... Hurry
Basically a chipotle for Indian food. It tastes great since the entree is prepared live. Also very affordable.Also the best Samosas in manhattan.
Amazing food. Fresh. Fast. Flavorful! We went around the block looking for something quick yet delicious and we found it! You won't be disappointed.
This venue is situated between a McDonald's and a Wendy's. I opted to give it a try. It was late at night and cold, after a business meeting where food was not served. The food is gluten free, with the exception of the naan and the somosas. I had the dosas which are and Indian version of the soft taco, but the shell is made of spinach and chickpeas. The pulled pork was moderately spicy and tender. The masala chai was not too sweet and the milk accompanied well the spiciness of the pork. The meal was about $12. If I am in the area again, I will go straight to Indikitch. The bathroom is spotless clean.
Not your typical Indian restaurant - It's the chipotle for indian peeps. Try the dosa with pork vindaloo- Greasy but delicious!
As a recent Indian food enthusiast, I decided to set my fears aside from acquiring massive tummy bubbly syndrome, and try to for once, further explore this highly coveted cuisine. The setup of this restaurant is exactly like Chipotle, the menu is easy to read and the staff are extremely friendly, though they definitely beat Chipotle in that sense. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Marinated in Tandoori Spices, (I know, a baby dish ^_^) and yes it is as good as it sounds, yum...with the garlic naan it was absolutely delicious. The only thing that really overwhelms me about this place is all the little varieties of sauces they have toward the registers. The lines are so fast, you feel like you're holding up the line if you pause to ask them anything. They have beer here and some traditional beverages like mango lasse as well. I shall return to try something different!
This was really good food and I think value for money. Ended up eating the combo over 2 meals it was so filling
Absolutely awesome! They say is like the Indian Chipotle. The food taste authentic to me, I highly recommend them, check it out! They have two locations in Manhattan right now.
A interesting interpretation of the 'Chipotle' approach to lunch. Fast friendly service, good prices and good portions. Tip: Get a mango lassi with it!
They have another location downtown, and this location just opened up on 8th Ave. It's fast-casual in the style of Chipotle. But because they heat up everything to order, it takes a bit longer than Chipotle and the line can be a bit long. It's good value for the money, at $9-10 per entree. You pick a style of dish, meat/veggie main, rice, two sides, and naan. The dish styles include salad, rice bowl, crepe, or what they call "feast," which is basically just a plate. I've had the chicken tikka, pork vindaloo, brown rice, chickpeas, carrot, beet, and garlic naan. All were pretty good, although I did feel like there was a lot of onion in there as filler. The meats in particular were like 50% onion, which is kind of frustrating when you're not a huge fan of onions. My biggest complaint is that both times I've had the brown rice, it's been way under-cooked. As in, it was still hard and crunchy and totally inedible. Next time I go, I'm going to ask them to substitute another order of chickpeas for the rice.
Good food options, with quality ingredients at reasonable prices. Healthier options available too and ample portion sizes. The perfect place to pick up Indian takeout dinner on the way home from work
This place is simply brilliant ... I have been to the one on 23rd too... But some how today the flavor in paneer was just awesome....I have tried the dosa and the biryani with paneer and my personal fav is biryani.... This has to be the best lunch I have had in a long long time..... Trust me... Paneer biryani could not get better than this in NYC
Quality of the ingredients are excellent, a person heats up the meat for you in a pot then pours it over your food. Got the Chicken Tikka with Classic Dal and Saffron rice. I'll be back for more!! Addicted. All cost $7.
Very nice menu and really tasty food. Portion sizes are also great. We usually get the platter with paneer tikka and naan, everything on the plate is good. I have also tried the samosa chaat, everything here is worth the price. And dont forget to grab some moth fresheners when you are leaving!
This place was great!! Staff was so incredibly friendly! We haven't really ever had Indian food (and I am quite picky) and they patiently explained a lot of the different foods and helped us figure out what we would like. The food was absolutely delicious, we would definitely recommend!!
This is a nice change of pace to the usual lunch suspects that surround the area (Lenny's, Balducci's, Wendys, Chipotle). I got the Chicken Tikka Salad -- which doesn't sound that good but ended up being really good. First they put down a bed of lettuce, a ton of sauces, another bed of lettuce and then your protein choice. I asked for spicy and it was a perfect heat with a ton of flavor. There were also some naan chips and I asked for a green sauce which they forgot to put in the bag but I definitely did not need it.For $9.50 with taxes, I was happy enough and it tasted better than any Chipotle salad.
Aww man. I can't believe it's taken me so long to find this place. I've walked past this place sooo many times! It's just around the corner from where I live I always thought it was a fancy restaurant. My husband and I only decided to try it out after we went onto their website and realised it was kinda like a chipotle but for Indian food. The menu is simple. Choose a main dish and your 4 sides. Or a biriyani. Or dosa. Or salad. Then add your main ingredient - either meat or paneer. I got the chicken tikka with sides the cucumbers, chickpeas, saffron rice and garlic naan as sides. It was just under $10 before tax.The food was tasty. The chicken tikka was excellent. I love the simple menu - although I also love variety - but this is just so casual and pretty affordable. The guys behind the counter were all very friendly as well. Which was a bit of a surprise considering its a kind of take away outlet. There is no doubt at all that I will be returning - especially it being so close to home, costing close to $10 and tasting so delicious.
Food is pretty good. I'll give them that. Today is veteran's day and this place has no VA discount. No thanks. My last visit.
Can't think of a better replacement for chipotle while they are figuring their sh*t out! I used To go there weekly when I needed a quick, healthy meal. In comes indikitch and I love it! My go to? The feast with chicken (make sure you tell them the level of spice you want it. I usually say 2 and I like things hot). High quality ingredients and super satisfying when you need a quick, healthy meal! Everything is yummy and they have extremely friendly service witch is always a plus.
I ordered the pulled pork vindaloo to-go on a Thursday evening around 6pm. Expecting a dinner rush, I was pleased to find that I was in and out in no time at all. A tasty meal for under $10! I had it with the biryani rice bowl, (medium size entree option) and was able to make three meals out of it. The portions are large; however, it should be noted that, like most restaurant meals, the rice to meat ratio is slightly disappointing. Nonetheless, it was a tasty dish and I highly recommend giving this place a chance because Curry in a Hurry ain't got nothin' on these guys!
A little bit on the spicy side but that is how I like it. Interesting dosas - saag paneer and paneer tikka. The onion bhajji chaat was pretty good. The chai garam was to die for!
Pretty tasty for a chain restaurant.  Good value and good start for those not initiated to indian food.
After a long day of walking around Central Park, indikitch certainly hit the spot.  Ordering was simple, the food was of good quality and incredibly tasty. And the service was even better.  Seeing that the food was a little spicy for my 5 year old, the owner/manager went out of her way and customized  a dish for my daughter.  When that didn't work, she had one of her staff go next door to McDonald's to get a soft serve for my girl.  Just so kind!  We will definitely make a point of coming back next time we're in the area.
"Fortune favors the bold". A great motto for a great place. Their chipotle style model for Indian food surprisingly delivers super high quality customizable food. The amount of pepper cut outs in the red flag indicate how spicy the chef cooks your food (I got all 5 ). Long story short it was great and had a homemade feel to it. Def try it out! Will take 20 visits to try it all, next time I'm getting the biriyani. I got the feast for my 1st time with the basics: chicken tikka, saffron rice, classic dal, cucumbers garlic naan with a side of samosas with red and green chutney. And topped it off with a delicious mango lassi. #tgif #foodcoma
Love you bowls- The curry chicken with bean and rice is great with the pina cola sauce and garlic pita bread.. A must go for lunch
Impressed, everything was really tasty. Had the samosas which were crispy and warm all the way through, seasoned well. The pulled pork vindaloo was perfectly spicy. The chipotle of Indian food and I'm very happy about it!!
Take the time to understand the menu and how to order. I tried the feast with saag paneer. I also got the samosa chaat. It was way too much food, but delicious. This place has been called an Indian Chipotle and I agree.
one of the better indian places around. The biryani was average. But the feast was definitely worth it ! It has become a regular spot for me now.
Chipotle for Indian food, the portion looked small but it was more than enough to eat. Similar price range to Chipotle, friendly service and fast, can't wait to try the Mango Lassi!
This place is probably the worst food I've ever had in my life. To start of the decor and presentation is very misleading and very confusing. Second off their employees are incompetent and not well informed. I asked them how does their food line work and their answer was "Umm,Today's my first time so.....". I was completely confused so the. I just ordered random. My impression was it was like a chipotle Indo-Pak food but as I started ordering it just became more confusing. The first thing she asked me was what would you like your spice level. Being half Pakistani and half Indian I liked spice and knew what I was getting myself into. However I didn't want a to be overwhelmed with spice so I asked for the second level or spicy. After waiting for about 10 minutes for my Kati roll they came and I started chowing down. After about a few bites I realized my lips were burning and blistering and I stopped and guzzled a cup of water. After I ate one more bite and I realized it was too spicy. After I went to get a Coke for the drink I payed for and there was no syrup. I asked an employee to put the syrup and after 10 min I got my funny tasting coke. I will never come back to this place.
Too spicy coming from a well trained indo pak fob. Secondly why is your desserts on your menu when you don't even have them ?!
Had the Feast with Saffron rice, PUlled pork, Cucumber salad and chick peas which turned out to be incredibly good. this place is definitely being added to my lunch rotation in midtown west.
Interesting concept of Chipotle meets Indian food. Really wanted to like it but it was just ok. The mango lassi was solid but the biryani with chicken tikka was just ok. I wish they also gave more raita (containers are very small) and additional ones cost 50 cents each
I keep coming back for casual and good Indian food.  It's not just Indian though.  You can get pulled pork in a dosa.   Also fresh-baked nan, mango lassi and a lot of extras I haven't tried. Check it out
My husband and I paid our first visit to Indikitch on Sunday night.  It was probably my first time experiencing Indian food in a fast food / "Chipotle" setting.  I have to say it worked for me.  Easy-to-order, everything was very tasty and the price was quite fair.  We'll be back.
My review here for this place is mixed. This was the first time going there and person taking my order didn't explain anything about their food or concept. No "Hi" or any verbal acknowledgement but just a cold stare like if she was daydreaming but more like from the movie "Invasion of the Body Snatchers"Where the food is tasty and pricing is fine; the customer service and food prep was horrible. I ordered 2 Biryani (one chicken and one fish) but the cook (I'm not sure if I should call him that) just scooped something onto the pan and started mashing it all up into an unrecognizable mush and then did the same thing for my second order. I couldn't tell which was chicken and fish. I asked if I could have some greens into my bowl and she said "I can't put it in there" with no further explanation. I also asked for an original Naan and no acknowledgement.So my food get moved down to the cashier and hoping for a more pleasant transaction but again I was disappointed. I asked does the food come with any sauces and she just replied "these dishes only comes with these 2 sauces. Again no explanation of what they were. She rung up my total and I said I'm still waiting for the original Naan. Cashier replied with a comment of "Did you ask for it down there first?" - I said "Yes I did but I guess she didn't hear me". Do I really need to be getting this type of treatment when you are trying to get your new restaurant up and running with great customer feedback??? My colleague also ordered after me and the girl asked him what type of Naan he wanted with his Feast meal. He asked what type do you have and she replied "Garlic Original and Wheat" and he misunderstood since he never had indian food before and replied I'll have the "Garlic Original" and then she just replies "Garlic, Original or Wheat" - He replies "Garlic Original" and she just repeats "Garlic, Original or Wheat" - I had to stop this comical dialogue and explained to him that there were 3 options on Naan "Garlic, Original and Wheat" and he was like "Oh" why did she just say so.......Ummm my thoughts exactly!!!Management really needs to take a look at their employees and train them again of proper customer service. Their food and concept will work but if your employees don't give the effort for your business it will not succeed. That is my 2 cents......Debating if I will go back since their food does taste good and pricing is fair.
Great place to for lunch.This is the best Indian fast food that I have eaten in Manhattan. The food is always consistent and portion size are good for lunch. I cant get enough of their chicken tikka, which I usually gets over bed of lettuce. T
Solid fast food, Indian style.  The help could have looked a little more polished but no worse than the average fast food worker
I wanted a cheap snack. 3 small samosas for $3.44! They also have an awesome selection of breath fresheners!! The mint and fennel is surprisingly tasty
I've been waiting for a place like this in my hood.  Sooo good!  Great tikka masala!  All meals come with your choice of Naan- garlic Naan is amazing.  All for under $10.
The chicken is dry, rice is hard, however, the sauce is pretty good. 10$ and I'm soooo full. Bad service, the lady who help me shows impatient, because it's my first time, so I took some time looking at the menu and she start rolling her eyes.
concept is good, but I didnt like the food so much.
I love me some indian food.  I stopped in here thinking this would be yummy but was disappointed.  I ordered the biryani with goan salmon $11.  I was expecting rice with a coconut goan style curry sauce covering the salmon.  what I got was some kind of dry mushed up scrambled up salmon thrown on top of some bland dry rice.  I couldn't even eat this stuff.  it was really NOT good.  I threw mine in the garbage.  Threw away my $11 too. And they should have someone wiping down the tables.  kind of grimy. the teaspoonful of  pineapple raisa they gave me was good.  that is about it. I won't be going back .
Good concept though you need to wait a bit for the main course to be cooked (not as fast as Chipotle but bearable). The taste is decent and portion is generous.
And yes the Indian burrito bowl is there!! Loved the food. Though menu is limited but it's worth try. There are various options to choose the platter like feast, biryani,  dosa or salad. A complete value for money. Just love it!!
Wrote a review for their location near flatiron a few days ago. Ginger cane juice And chutneys(green and tamarind) are my new favorites on their menu. The flavors are refreshing. Portion sizes here are smaller than their flatiron location. Taste is pretty much the same. Paneer tikka with biryani or naan is my favorite. Indikitch is the answer if you are looking for some yummy Indian food served up chipotle style !
Great - quality + taste + priceIts the best quick indian food place you can find in the city. The menu has the right amount of options. I had the paneer tikka feast, at first it seemed like small portion but was just the right amount. I tried the samosa and onion bhaji.  The onion bhaji is the best I have had in NYC. And the Ginger Cane (sugarcane) juice is a must. It will remind of the local 'gunne ka juice' from back home. This is my fav place for lunch and for a quick dinner as well. I am very happy to see the potential for this place to be a respected Indian chain restaurant.
This place is delicious had chicken tika masala which is hard to screw up but this dish was exceptional.
good food. When it comes to availability of certain items on the menu all the time, they are not able to match Chipotle standard. hit or miss. so call before you  go if you have any specific item in mind especially during dinner time. Also recently they have started following the unappealing chipotle model of being stingy with meat and fish. I am having second thoughts now whether to go there for lunch anymore as often as my colleagues and I do currently. The staff can be moody and I am guessing that because of no proper training or competitive pay. Used to be much better place. Hence knocking out one more star!
The (more amazing) chipotle of Indian food. Work in the neighborhood and was so obsessed I got it three days in a row. And I'm an Indian food guru. This place is awesome.
Food - 4/5Ambience - 3.5/5Hygiene - 3.5/5Service - 3.5/5Value For Money - 4/5Its a casual place and has limited menu, but the food was really good, Other reviewers have correctly pointed out that this is very similar to Chipotle but with Indian food. Really liked the paneer-spinach curry and the mango lassi.
Really great tasting Indian food-- and everything is under $10. I love the Tandoori chicken salad. Their mango lasse is tasty, too. Clean, quick and delicious.
While visiting NYC we stumbled upon this place and ended up eating there twice.  I think the reference to this being an Indian version of Chipotle is appropriate.  I would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys flavorful and inexpensive food with an Indian twist.The first thing that struck me when I walked in was the almost overwhelming onslaught of spices.  While most Indian restaurants smell of spices, the first time I walked in it was like the first time I threw a katori of spices into hot oil while making Rajmah (Indian style kidney beans).  The spices accosted me to the point it caused me to cough.  The menu, while extraordinarily simple, left me a bit confused until I grasped its simplicity.  Feast (a basic meal), Biryani (named after a dish that originated in south India and best known with regards to Hyderabad but bearing only a passing resemblance), Dosa (Named after a south Indian dish but again bearing only a passing resemblance), and Live Fire salad (which I did not try).All dishes allow you to choose a "main" between Chicken Tikka, Pulled Pork Vindaloo, Goan Fish, Paneer Tikka, Mushroom Kadai, and Saag Paneer.  The ingredients and sauces are pre-measured and cooked but are combined, and additional spices added, depending on how spicy you like your food, at the time of ordering (which is what causes the onslaught of spices when you arrive).  Both visits I ordered the Chicken Tikka feast but was able to try the Biryani and Dosa because they were ordered by my kids and my wife's cousin who was also visiting NYC from India (my wife is originally from India as well).While I can handle spicy food I had the Chicken Tikka feast "mild" and found it to be quite adequate.  One of my daughters had it spicy and found it to be a little too hot for her taste but altogether enjoyable, my wife found the spicy Chicken Tikka to be just right.  My other daughter had a Saag Paneer Dosa and we were surprised to be served what looked more like soft tacos, Dosas are typically 1 to 1.5 feet in diameter, but they were made with what appeared to be a relatively traditional batter and while a bit thicker than a normal Dosa were quite enjoyable, the chutney was quite good.  I would strongly recommend that you eat the Dosa at the restaurant or, at the very least, not over your keyboard. During our second visit I was able to try the Biryani which was, as mentioned before, only vaguely similar to the Biryani I have eaten in Hyderabad.  Rather than being cooked together it is simply the "main" served over the rice.  That said it was quite good and much easier to eat than the Feast which really needs to be eaten sitting down.All in all I highly recommend this restaurant and hope it becomes a chain and they open some in around where I live and work.  The price point of just over $10 and the quality of the food make this place a winner.
If you ignore the decidedly non-traditional combinations on their menu, the food itself delivers on flavor and even authenticity. While there is no shortage of restaurants serving north Indian food in the city, IndiKitch stands out. I allows you to have a variety of dishes which usually isn't possible at other restaurants (where individual portions are big) unless you're out with friends who can help you finish all that food. It's also easier on the wallet an great for a quick bite. I usually get the chicken tikka feast but am looking forward to trying some of they're appetizers and the dosas. The staff is very friendly as well.
Awesome food, lot of choices. By looking at reviews you should know by now that this restaurant is based on the chipotle model. You will not be disappointed, the best indian food near columbus circle.
Finally, the chipotle of indian food and its good.   I got the feast with spicy fish.  The place is clean and the food is not oily. The spice did not dissapoint, it was right at the threshold of intense but not painful. The ginger drink was good, but i would have preferred a ginger beer.  I will be back.
Great addition to the neighborhood.This two store business (other store is on 23rd st) will go places.  They have the right ingredients:- good food- consistent quality- fast processes- friendly and efficient staff - the success of this places hinges on this aspect.i eat here a few times a week and bring friends here as well.- the salad is great- biryani gets good feedback
I had the chicken biryani. It was a huge portion, but 90% of it was rice, which was a little dry. The chicken was flavorful, but the portion was way too small for a nine buck entree.
This place is pretty much the "Indian Chipotle".. if you like Indian food I highly  suggest this place. It's fairly reasonable priced compared to other places in NYC and there are many options for those  who are picky eaters like me . I highly recommend the feast option, the samosas ad the mango lassi.
It takes a lot to impress me and after my visit to IndiKitch, I know it won't be my last. The whole restaurant has a modern vibe reminiscent of Chipotle and is very clean. The food is reasonably priced  (everything is under $10), tastes delicious and has that authentic Indian tastes. I highly recommend going here and having a Samosa (or three or four).
Nice surprise! Semi-fast Indian food that serves a restaurant-quality meal for under $10. PLUS, they have beer and wine.  Awesome idea and efficient, friendly staff!
I love this place, it's my new spot, me and my roommate went in not knowing what to expect and walked out with such happiness!! Also the black cashier girl was really nice, she had such energy and really put us on.
Best Indian good in the neighborhood. Consistently good and always satisfying. Love the concept!
The food was good.. I thought it was very spicy for what I ordered because I said not too spicy. Definitely will be back but will get it completely mild!
Ever since they opened by my job, I go here at least 2x a month. I've had the Biryani, Dosa and Fire Salad with Chicken. My favorite is the Dosa. Huge fan of this place and affordable price. Reminds me of Chipotle but Indian style. You can choose how spicy you want it. I highly recommend this place.
Food here is awesome...especially the chicken tikka.  I like how they make it fresh on the grill per order.  The ambiance is average and honestly not that clean. This is a great place to get takeout from but not necessarily dine in at.  Chai is also good!!
Pleasant surprise! Really was a feast! I will come back. Great for quick lunch or dinner!
Gimmicky but good. The "feast" looked like less than you get at traditional Indian and Pakistani fast food, but with all the items included it wound up being plenty for lunch. And this place is much cleaner than traditional Indian and Pakistani fast food places. I had tikka masala, which was tasty if not the most complex I've enjoyed. Unusually for this modest price point, the white meat chicken was tender and not dried out, though in smaller pieces than I'm accustomed to. Saffron rice was okay but I didn't taste any saffron (maybe they use achiote, which would be understandable). The classic dal was nice; in addition to lentil puree there were whole red beans, new to me, for an interesting texture. They put a nice char on the bottom of the garlic naan. I would have appreciated some chutneys as garnish. The main dish was served hot, the sides at room temp. Despite the lunch crowd their system worked to keep the line moving along. I noticed little of interest to eat around here so this was a good choice.
Good, fast Indian food. They heat the protein content of your meal ("main") upon ordering in small skillets. They offer vegetarian options, and meat as well (no beef). Their samosa comes with a coriander and tamarind chutney, which are delicious. Their onion bhaji chaat was a huge portion!
This place is a joke. Imitation 3rd rate quasi-idian food. Ordered Dosa with pork vindaloo. Dosas are served like tacos. They stuff then with lettuce and are genuinely surprised when you ask them to take lettuce out. Pork is not bad but it's not really vindaloo. Dosa itself tastes like a sponge. Never coming back here. There are infinitely better choices in the neighborhood.
I thoroughly enjoy this place several times while in newyork for work. The food tastes great, be it the salad or the feast ( i am not a rice fan). It is very much like chipotle they ask what you want and make it behind a counter and you get it pretty quickly. They give you an option of mild or hot and even the mild has a tiny bit of bite to it.  The only reason i am not giving it the full 5stars is it is a touch pricey for the amount of food you get. You just don't get enough for a 10dollar 'feast'.
This is an amazing idea for Indian good. The quality is unbelievable and the price is reasonable. I have spent a lot of time in India and Nepal and this stuff tastes authentic. I love that there is the salad option. I've had the fish and the chicken (both spicy) atop salads and it is top notch. The $10 price tag is great for such good food. Place was clean, including the bathroom. Service was great. They come down the line and get your order going. I bet this place will have lines down the block once the word gets out. Right now lots of people come in and look at the menu and food with very skeptical looks.
Had the feast and it was really good. The paneer sabzi was amazing and also the yellow dal. Really different experience and good indian food.
Food was delicious and the portions were great for the price. My friend and I were able to share the meal. The food was rich in flavor and culture! The samosas and the mango lassi were both delicious! We went a little before noon to avoid the lunch rush. It was really clean, modern and the space was large for bigger groups. Can't wait to go back again.
Had the Chicken Tikka feast for lunch. It's not bad - flavor's there, garlic naan was actually quite good, but it seemed a bit tame. I would recommend it for a quick lunch but at $11, it's not very good value.
So happy to discover a place like this exists!  Everything was very fresh and tasty.  I had the feast with paneer tikka, yellow dal, carrots, and basmati rice.  I requested it to be spicy and it was great!  Only complaints are rice was a little undercooked and dry, and the paneer tikka had a lot of chunks of undercooked onions.  The yellow dal and carrots were great accompaniments.  Also had wheat naan, which was excellent.  Will definitely be back and I hope they open more locations in the city!
Excellent food and service. Both saag and paneer tikka were delicious. Good amount of food- very filling w the rice and naan. Chai was just OK (not that flavorful).
Now that's how you do Indian fast food! Freshly prepared while you wait. 3 kinds of daal, rice and bread. Fresh and tasty. Equal amounts of vegetarian and meat options. Staff was helpful and the place is spotless.
Casual, modern look and cool place for fast Indian food. The "Live Fire Salad" was disappointing, basically just expensive bowl of Romaine. But the "Feast"  which is a main course with Naan and 3 other sides is tasty and worthy deal.
My wife and I are hardcore Indian veggie foodies. We came across this restaurant while we were on our nyc trip. The food here is real authentic Indian and tastes better than some of the restaurants in India. Kudos to the staff, they were quick in making the food. We absolutely recommend it to others!
Indian Chipotle?! Sign me up! Sadly they don't have any locations in Queens so I trekked up to their Columbus Circle location to try their feast I've heard so much about from friends. I ordered the feast with saffron rice, chickpeas, cucumbers, and garlic nan, paired with the paneer tikka (who can resist cheese?!?!?? I can't....) as well as their homemade mango lassi. Let's just say I was a very happy camper and devoured all my food before remembering to take a picture. All of their food is really well seasoned and the portions were just right (for me at least). Their mango lassi was really refreshing and not too sweet. Will definitely be back to try their other bowls!
Liked the concept and food.. The spicyness level is like real indian restaurant, so order carefully.
We took a chance with this restaurant.  It is like a chipotle style restaurant.  You have 4 choices of main with choice of sides.  We ordered dosa with chicken, naan with chicken, chicken plate and veggie plate with Saag Paneer.Everything was surprisingly delicious!  Fast service but the bummer is you need to find your own table and luckily we got a couple for our big party with kids.  Everybody enjoyed the food.  5 stars!
Nice clean chipotle style Indian spot. Love this place. The food is very flavorful and service is awesome! Today is the second day they have Kati roll and I was the first customer to order Kati roll. I got it with fish and ordered very spicy. It was 2 rolls per order. There's fish, onion, and chili sauce in the roll. The bread is soft, not super thin, and chewy. At midpoint the manager walked up and gave us another two Kati rolls on the house because the first two was only mild and not the very spicy version lol.  Indeed the spicy ones are better. Also lived their chicken and manger lassi. Will definitely come back to the place!
Love this place! It really is like the chipotle of Indian food. Super reasonable prices, especially for the area. Got the saag paneer dosa and loved them! They were served taco style, which I hadn't seen before, but the dosa was nice and crispy on the edges just how I like it. Garlic naan was also good. Definitely coming back!
This is a semi fast food restaurant with a quality of a good dine-in restaurant. Very similar concept to chipotle on making up your sandwich or plate. Except the food here is Indian. Staff is very nice and the food quality is excellent and very authentic. They offer three level of spices. I enjoy and can tolerate spicy food. However level 2 was plenty hot for me. So watch out.
First time at this location - do not come here in a rush! The food however, is worth the wait.I tried the Dosa tacos with pulled pork Vindaloo, spicy. It arrived with a cilantro dressing, lettuce and incredible spices. I got 3 of them to go, and added a phenomenal peanut sauce for $0.50. The meal was carried for about 10 minutes - when I got home, the dosa was still perfectly crisp. This was one of the best meals ever - super flavorful and reasonably priced. At the entrance, they offered little dispenser of Indian breath fresheners. Awesome!
Walking into Indikitch, the spices in the air hit you like a dentist's sand-polisher. Cumin and Black Peppers and Coriander saturate the air with a palpable grittiness. In this neighborhood, Indikitch is the Subway of Indian food, and I imagine the air quality is not too different than a real Subway in India.But if you can get past the coughing and tears that your body will do to naturally defend itself against such invasive airborne particulates, you'll find yourself pleasantly surprised at the food. Before they serve you your main protein, they will place it in woks, heat them up, and mix them with spicy sauces (I think this is the source of the airborne particulates!). It's the equivalent of subway toasting your sandwich, but it allows me to skip the step of my having to ask for it (as I always do at Subway). Mmmm. The meat is also tender in a way I wouldn't expect of a fast food chain.One upside: the whole wheat naan! I rarely eat Indian breads because they're unhealthy, but whole wheat grains let me indulge in some of it :)One downside: there's not a lot of vegetables. If you're looking for something healthy (like the Jared diet from Subway), Indikitch is not it.One suggestion to Indikitch. They should offer a naan wrapped sandwich pressed in a grill. They should name it the "naanini".
Happened upon this place while out walking. Very unique way to customize an Indian meal, but it was slightly overwhelming to a first time customer. Also, I was very limited in what I could eat because I have a cilantro allergy and many of the items that were pre-made (veggies), were made with cilantro. However, we did manage to put together a good meal that was safe for me to eat. The meal was flavorful and I had enough left over to take some home.
I love this place and come quite often. It is essentially fast-casual, Chipotle-esque Indian food, but infinitely better quality than Chipotle. I typically order the "feast" because I feel like it's the best value. For the main, I really like the saag paneer and the chicken tikka, as both are super flavorful and filling. The yellow lentil is definitely my favorite dal option - it is savory and delicious. The "classic" is also good, and more on the spicy side. As for the kachumbar, the carrots are quite good, but the beets are my personal favorite. They have cilantro and red onion in them, and it tastes so good! I also usually choose the garlic naan to go with the feast - it's delicious! I have also tried the biryani bowl and the live fire salad once. The bowl was good, though less well-rounded than the feast, and the salad, though tasty, was not very filling.The staff here is usually friendly enough. Some are quite nice, though I've also had some pretty curt employees help me on a number of occasions. There is plenty of seating here, and it has a nice casual atmosphere, so you don't feel weird at all if you're just eating by yourself. One odd thing I've noticed, however, is that sometimes the interior becomes kind of smokey and everyone in the restaurant starts coughing (myself included). It's very odd, and it's happened to me a couple of times. I'm not sure if it's because they were cooking something very spicy/pungent, or if something had burned.Overall I still love this place though.
Absolutely love it... have many options too like an Indian salad (great quantity, little more than needed)... or you can go for kathi rolls.
Something changed here (based on my experience as a loyal customer). Biggest part is the employees here, there are too much employees here, accordingly they spend time talking to each other, while let customers wait until their conversation ends. I saw multiple time of this kind of situation. Yes they seem love to talk, but not to customers- I also saw couple time they starring with deep sigh at the new comers who is not familiar with the system. I miss the friendly attitude of staffs here years ago.
Indikitch is a solid and fast choice if you're craving some Indian food that isn't too heavy. The restaurant follows a Chipotle-esque model so you can get your food pretty fast. The ambience of the restaurant is nice and there is ample seating. Everything seemed very clean as well. I had the Pulled Pork Vindaloo "feast"- which is a bowl of rice and 2 sides, a main entree meat dish and your choice of naan bread. Be wary if you can't handle spice! I had the beet side with a classic daal. The meal was tasty but I feel like for being a "feast" it wasn't too filling (depends on what you're looking for, since traditional Indian food can be quite heavy). For $10.75, I thought there would have been a little more food but it's still a solid choice if you want something fast, tastes fresh and delicious.
Yum! Chipotle-style Indian food. Perfect for lunch or grabbing dinner to take home. Loved the biryani and garlic naan. Will be back!
Kati rolls are delicious! Buttery, flaky naan roll, similar in taste to the center, chewy, buttery part of a croissant.  Definitely worth the $11 for two rolls which are prepared HOT and fresh.  I recommend getting a side of the sweet, cool, herby coriander chutney on the side.  Indikitch never fails to deliver.
Unfortunate that I didn't come to this place earlier for lunch in the area.Walking in on a weekday lunch hour, there were about 20 people on line, but thankfully it moves quickly.Chipotle style, I went with the Feast.2 Chili style (which is actually decently spicy)Pork vindaloo (slow cook pulled pork that is heated in sauce to order)Saffron Rice (not greasy like Halal)Chick peas (spicy as well)Cucumber Salad (refreshing to tame the spiciness)Garlic naan (pretty good, though obviously not made to order for logistic reason)Tamarind sauce ($.50, spicy with sweet plum-like flavor and color)A great deal for $10 for what accounts to reasonable 1.5-2 meals. A highly recommended alternative to Halal Cart, which relies heavily on white sauce and heavy grease/fat.
I would give this more of a 3.5. The service is good Has a great bar to sit with a friend and catch up. The meal started so strong. They served a trail mix of sorts which was delicious. Everything else was just ok- almost a bit bland. Won't be back unless I'm in the hood and want a drink at the bar. Btw it never seems crowded so it kinda misses on atmosphere. Plus side you can always grab a seat. It's very big.
Always passed by this chain restaurant at other locations in the city and decided to give it a go Created my own dish with saffron rice, yellow lentils (dal), cucumber (kachumbar/salad), original naan bread and mushroom kadai as my protein/main. Had them make it a bit spicy as I love hot spicy dishes to burn my senses lol and downed it with maharaja indian beer.  The food was better than expected for a fast food joint and the beer was light and smooth! I couldn't have made a better choice on a whim. The chutneys were just as good, tamarin and coconut cilantro were just yummy!I was happy with my choice for a quick bite.
Take the popular fast-casual business model and apply it to North Indian food.  No surprises so far -- everyone is trying to expand into this segment.  What amazed me is how well they nailed the flavors.  Indikitch isn't just faster & cheaper than your average sit-down restaurant, it's actually *better*, at least within the confines of its limited menu.  Scaling up these traditional recipes actually improved the taste, rather than dulling it as many commercial enterprises do.All 4 mains are on point.  Check other people's reviews / pictures to see how the "feast" (combo bowl) works.Instead, I want to call special attention to their chaats.  Quite pricey, compared with a comparable-sounding takeout dish off Seamless, but theirs are in a whole 'nother category.  They really nailed the blend of sweet, sour, and spicy, with terrific crunch.  Last time I had chaat that fresh and tingly was in Jackson Heights...high praise indeed.
Pretty good fast-casual Indian food experience.   I went with the chicken tikka masala, chana masala, and garlic naan route and was not disappointed.  Everything tasted fresh and the flavors were good.  +/-$30 for two people including a water.
Excellent. 1) I love these fast casual Indian restaurants in NYC. We need these more in NJ. 2) The food is fantastic. I got the pork vindaloo with rice and garlic naan. 3) The service was quick and fast.
The Indian food at Indikitch is fast, delicious, and reasonably priced. I love the concept of a fast casual Indian place and Indikitch gets it write. My wife and I both love the Paneer Tikka Masala, which is creamy and has a good bit of heat if you get it spicy. My one gripe with this restaurant, though, is the salad options. Each "feast" comes with a main, a side of some kind of beans/lentils, rice, and a salad. The most appealing salad option to me is a cucumber, onion, tomato mix. Unfortunately, the times I've gotten it, the veggies don't seem to be very fresh.
Delicious and totally exceeded expectations. I got the dosa with chicken - essentially a take on tacos with rice and lentil crepes. The dosa was delightful, a crispy and fluffy shell with a hint of coconut, filled with mildly spicy chicken and crunchy lettuce.
I've been wanting to try this place for ages and I wasn't disappointed! I had the feast with chicken tikka, cucumber salad, chickpeas and garlic naan. The chicken and cucumbers were my favorite. My friend and I also split the fried onion things, which are super addicting.  Like Chipotle, but Indian and without the E. coli!
This review is primarily for the salad option. I ordered the Mushroom kadai with the beet slaw. Overall, the salad had decent flavor. The mushroom main was by far the best part with good chunks of mushrooms and a large amount as well. However, my main complaints with this bowl was the fact that there was nothing "grainy" or chewy holding it together. The lettuce with the beets just felt flat and was too much crunch without enough savory and chew. The slaw itself didn't have enough flavor and the whole salad could have benefitted from something else warm like chickpeas...which I think were on the menu but maybe they forgot to through some on the salad.
I absolutely love the food here. I used to nanny for an Indian family who cooked, it reminds me of that same authentic home cooking.
I was excited to see an Indian food option so close to my hotel. The place was well lit and had a fair amount of seating. There are paper menus that help you with the steps required to make your order. The guy serving the person ahead of me was polite and patient, as it was her first time at the restaurant...the tall white guy who took over for him was an azz.Couple that with food that had mediocre flavoring and I won't bother coming back...Maybe asking patrons if they want "spice" and equating spice to "heat" or spicy is not a good thing. Maybe "spice" might have helped the flavor. I have never known the two terms to be synonymous.
Indian food chipotle style...loved the chicken kathi roll and the paneer tikka dosa...full of flavors in quick time....definitely coming back again for the mini samosas...the green chutney is full of flavor and enhances the whole eating experience.The place has levels of spicy food as per your pallate. We ordered spice level 1 and for indians who love their spicy food, this was delicious amount of spices.
Cool Indian food concept, similar to Chipotle but an Indian version. Chicken biryani, carrot salad, the green and yogurt mango sauces were great!!! The garlic naan was ok, chick peas ok and fish okay...
Can "innocuous" be a recommendation?  As in Opie Taylor with some Friends and Family funding from Sheriff Andy opens an Indian joint for his friends visiting NYC.Is it real Indian or regional food?  Absolutely, not.  Gently marinated beet salad?  Huh?  Vaguely Latino tomato salad?  Umm... no.  3 Unchanging curries, EVERY day rain or shine, etc., etc. ... absolutely not.No cauliflower, no potato, just chickpeas and lentils and same, same, same every day.  The free "mouth freshener" coriander seed, etc. dispensers at the door?  Maybe, in a hotel.  In fact, the relentlessly clean, sunny and friendly atmosphere is very reminiscent of a hotel Indian food buffet somewhere well outside of India.If you want "real" in Manhattan, you have to go to one of the [mmm... let's not get in trouble here]... joints with that "guy getting off taxi shift" vibe on Second or Tenth Avenue, and some on 9th.  But, that's kinda scary.  And yes, one of them had the black ISIS flag sticker for a year or so, but... the potato curry rocked, the Tandoori chicken was outstanding and it was very cheap.  And... really, just don't talk religion or politics in there.  Ironically, as the food is Halal, it's probably the closest to cheap Kosher food in Manhattan, but I digress.Back to Indikitch.  If you want the Chipotle experience of vaguely Indian, not too spicy and relentlessly decent... this place is as unthreatening as it gets.  And it does punch above its weight.  Get the coriander chutney sauce it's pretty good.  Chicken Tikka is... a little boiled, but the sauce is good.  The garlic naan is a pretty close cousin to what I imagine Olive Garden garlic bread tastes like.  Not for me.  The samosa is lovingly defrosted and is... a samosa.  In short, absolutely nothing interesting, but decent value for money in midtown, and an experience for folks if they aren't an Indian food foodie.  Mangia!PS.  Would I call a plate with a main and a rice and curry and a salad a "FEAST"?!  Let's be nice and not pick on Opie Taylor.
Delicious Indian food in a jiffy.. It's my go to place if I need a quick fix and craving for tikka. Now Tikkas and kadhai gravies have this smoky flavor which you don't find anywhere else in the city (Except a couple of other places)... which gives its authentic flavor to the curries.. The mulligatawny soup is very delicious.. with a blend of tangy, spicy and fresh flavor from coriander.. It's ingredients are fresh and don't give your greasy feeling you are left with Indian food elsewhere..  I would say it's curries are more authentic than any other uws north Indian restaurants (except Sarvana Bhavan which is South Indian cuisine) Go Curb that spice craving you have got!!
First five star review for me! Too many amazing things to say. Let's start off with it being the BEST, and I mean the BEST "Fast food" place ever. One can compare to an Indian version of Chipotle but even that doesn't do this place justice. I've tried the Samosa, Feast, Biryani, and Fire Salad. Dosa is next. Goan fish and Chicken Tikka are both delishhh. Garlic naan is the best I've ever had. For rice I stick to traditional Basmati though I'm sure Saffron would be great too. Brown rice might just kill the authentic palate created here. Kahumbar: cucumber as that's my go to for traditional salad. Daal: all three subcategories are great. The sugar cane drink is quite refreshing. I would eat here everyday if I didn't feel guilty about the health and financial consequences!!! It is better than most restaurants I've ever eaten at - and that's a major statement. What I love most about this place is that they know how to create authentic Indian  without dreary amounts of oil and keep it tasting the same deliciousness each and every time. Also, you can choose "without spice" as an option for those wanting to keep it mild. I will forever be a customer here! :)
Assume you're on you're lunch break.Do you want chipotle? But are sick and tired of the same old selections!This place is your best bet! Indikitch!Nowhere else could I pay 10 bucks to get an amazing platter of Indian food for takeoutI love their spiciest choice of protein, despite having firery bad aftermaths in the toilet the day after, but all worth it in the end!5/5 - I used to come here often for my lunch breaks
I am so happy I found this place!! I love Indian food and I've never had fast-casual Indian food before. This place is kind of like chipotle, you can choose between the feast, biryani, dosas (comes with 3), or salad. I ordered the feast - it comes with your choice of main (I got the chicken tikka), chick peas, veggies, rice (the saffron rice is soo good), and a whole naan. My friend ordered the mushroom biryani and it tasted really good too! I'm so bummed they only have locations in NY, I guess I'll have to come back!
mostly reliable for some lunch delivery. the naan sucks, so get salad. the yogurt based dressing is great.PROTEINS RANKED: FISH- good mostly. spicy, not too "fishy" most of the time.CHICKENPORK- a little fatty and gristly, but you didn't order it to get some dry ass shit.
Are you looking for a quick lunch option? This is a great place if you work nearby.  This is like chipotle style but with Indian food.  The chicken tikka was good and I really like the naan.  The service and line moves pretty quickly and efficient, so even if you come and you see a long line, you will be done in no time.
A chipotle-esque Indian restaurant so not going to comment on the service which was average. Food was a filling decent meal. Definitely get a lot with the Feast. The Dal Makhani was amazing and they have a wide variety of rices (I had brown). The Tikka Masala and Kadai are good masalas and the paneer is also good quality. You get 1 Naan of whichever type you like with your Feast too. The naans are similar to what you get at a bazaar so average. The Panner Tikka was also decent but the time I went there was a little extra oil. All in all a good Indian place to eat if you are hungry and want a bite, definetly a filling meal
The Chipotle of Indian food! I got the feast with chicken and it was good! The standout for me was the regular dal, the seasoning was incredible!!!! A bit pricey but very good quality and fresh.
Didn't care for the service, but the food was exactly what I was craving for at the moment. Delicious. Good quick, cheap lunch/dinner option.
This place is so delicious! As reviews have previously noted this place is kind of like the Indian version of chipotle. The price range is pretty much the same as chipotle as well. I got the feast which includes rice, protein, veggies, side and naan. I finished most of the food but was extremely full after. The cucumber side was light and refreshing. The chicken was really good. I love that they cook the protein for you on the spot. So you know it hasn't been siting out for a while! The garlic naan was a little too greasy and soft for my preference. The taste itself was on point though. My friend got the biryani and it is definitely good value. They really pack in a TON of rice. They also don't skimp on the chicken. I'm pretty sure it will last me three meals. I will definitely be getting that next time when I'm trying to stretch my dollar!! I will be returning! Chipotle watch out for all your competition.
Its just ok, but they should research on how a Kolkata Roll actually tastes, Also Dosa is not served with a northindian flavored curry. Top it all, the chef now have new rules that they cannot customized and separate the dosa from the sides. I was just customizing my food to make it more authentic. Do your research when you market that you are trying to serve something from a certain region.I stopped going after they made this weird rule of not customizing. Staff rude.
The combo thali is great. It has right combination of spices and tastes yummy. one of the best in NYC. But I'm giving low stars because the biryani sucked big-time. To the owners - some orange colored rice with chicken pieces on top... is NOT biryani. Please call it anything else but biryani. It was hideous.
A friend and I decided to try Indikitch after seeing yummy-looking photos from this place on social media, so we made our way here one not-horrendously-busy afternoon. We were a bit confused at first by how the feast option worked, but once we figured it out, it was apparent that it was an awesome deal, with a good amount of food for a suitable price. I got the feast with chicken tikka. The dish was filling, but my only regret was getting mild instead of spicy; the chicken was delicious but a little too flat for my tastes, and making it spicy would have made it even better. The naan was amazing (probably one of the highlights of my meal there), and the samosas were pretty good too. Service was really quick, so that was a bonus. Although what I had was more on the mild side, I do see myself coming back and trying out some of the other popular menu items.
I have been there several times, I like the food and they can make it spicy as per your spice levelAll of their dishes are tasty and since it is a fast food format you don't have to wait much
It 100% satisfied my craving for Indian food!! I love how the heat up the "main" (chicken, pork, fish, paneer) for every dish. The flavors are all there! Esp for a fast casual place, the food is excellent. And it's $10 a pop for large portion.I ordered the briyani + pork :) all smiles!!
This place is a great option for quick food if you're in the area. Was introduced to this place by a coworker (we work nearby).As other reviews have mentioned, this is a Chipotle style Indian restaurant. I got the feast with chicken, saffron, classic dal, beets, and garlic naan. The portion size was perfect and I felt satisfied after my meal.Tried coworker's blood orange lemonade and got a mango lassi of my own. Both were delicious.
Would give five stars for this fast food eatery. Everything is amazing and absolutely beyond worth your dollar and the time it takes them to prepare the food except lord god take the mushrooms off the menu. I repeat. Take the mushrooms away! I decided to go out on a limb and try them but they taste like spicy shoe. Unless chemicals leaked into whatever I just tried to eat, in which case; forgiven. And the biryani is a little too much rice per sauce ratio. Everything else is the best thing I've ever had, hyperbolically speaking. As a matter of fact, you are much better off ordering the feast. Just never order the biryani. Especially the goddamned mushrooms. Oh. How I was looking forward all day to eating here tonight after my rehearsal nearby and those goddamned mushrooms squashed my dreams and hope for humanity. Oh.
Great spot if you want Indian food. Very spicy. It is set up just like Chipotle. Lines can get pretty long. Price is not so bad or I am just getting use to paying a lot for lunch now.
I can't believe I've had this in my work neighborhood for so long and just finally tried it today because it is so damn delicious!!! This is as fresh as fast food gets and it comes through in the flavor. I had the Chicken Tikka Feast with basmati, chickpea dhal, cucumber kachumbar and garlic naan, which I would say is the absolute best version of each of these that I've had outside of a higher-end Indian restaurant. They fire the "main" component right in front of you and it seamlessly goes from pan to plate in about a minute. They must use some serious burners because it's gray, cold and windy today, yet my chicken tikka was still piping hot when I dug in after a quarter mile walk back to the officeI would note that for those who are utterly disinclined towards spicy fare, the chickpea dhal and chicken tikka were mildly spicy even at the lowest heat level without adding any chili heat (the have four heat-level options). I'm not talking about an American "mild" buffalo wing sauce type of heat here, this is an authentic heat from real chili, so be warned. It was perfectly suited to my palate though, so for the spice lovers out there, this is your fast-food Shangri-La.The late-lunch hour line circa 1:45 moved quickly and there's a good deal of open seating to accommodate varied party sizes. Overall an easy five stars for what this place sets out to be - they do what they do perfectly.
Fantastic Indian version of Chipotle! The line got a little long when I went for lunch, but the food was well worth it. You pick from various entrees (I had the chicken tiika, which was out of this world!) and either a naan sandwich or a rice bowl.
This food is awesome! Fusion between not too spicy and full of flavor. Service was great and the price is competitive. Seating is clean and pretty basic for a fast in and out experience.
Let's call it like it is, an indian chipotle. The food is consistently good. Its spicy if you want it, and mild if that's not your thing. The staff is always nice, even when you walk in right when they're locking up and you basically beg them to make you some food. I'm not s fan of chains, but this is one worth trying. I haven't been to the other location though, just this one.
Big portions and great flavors! It stays true to its Indian roots while offering the perfect amount American fusion with options like the pulled pork vindaloo. I would definitely recommend this place to people especially for lunch!
We stopped by for lunch. I love that it's portioned the same as Chipotle style. There are five options to choose from: feast (main w/ choice of rice, dal, kachumbar, & naan), biryani, kati rolls, dosa or live fire salad. And, you pick your choice of meat: chicken tikka, pulled pork vindaloo (spicy), goan fish *$1, paneer tikka, mushroom kadai or saag paneer. For the appetizer, we had the samosa chaat. We shared the feast w/ chicken tikka, basmati rice, chick peas, carrot kachumbar, and garlic naan along with 2 kati rolls w/ pork vindaloo. Although everything was pretty filling, it was portioned well with a sampling of everything. This is great for those who don't want to stuff themselves at a Indian buffet. The feast was so good. The chicken tikka was not too spicy. It had the right amount of kick. I was not too crazy about the carrot kachumbar. Prob cucumber would had tasted better. The kati rolls was pretty cool for a quick and easy meal. The pork vindaloo was a lot spicier but the toppings soften it out. And the samosa chaat was tasty. It was piled with toppings. Yum!!!Indikitch is so popular that we saw an elderly lady order a feast and dined by herself! I told Hub, now this lady knows how to enjoy life! Good for her! The blood orange mint lemonade was refreshing. Great choice to wash down the meal! Now, we don't have to trek all the way to Jackson Diner when we're craving for Indian food!
Thought all Indian restaurants were halal or vegetarian but this place sure isn't they sell pork not coming here ever again don't want them to mess up with my order
As a vegan, surprisingly Indikitch didn't have many choices.  For fast food place it was ok.
Amazing taste, great value for money, great consistency for a food chain. It is a must try and a place I frequent.
Came here on a Wednesday night for dinner. I was in the area and was craving some Indian food. This place popped up on yelp, and I thought "COOL! Indian Chipotle!!" I went in and it was pretty empty. Waited in line as my friend ordered first--and that's when I saw that this place doesn't have their pace of service down yet. It seemed very disorganized and things just didn't seem like they were moving smoothly. It wasn't a huge problem since it wasn't crowded, but I can't imagine it being a pretty scene when the lunch rush comes through.Anyway! I ordered the feast with Paneer Tikka. It came with a rice (I got saffron)--which was good, was seasoned and mixed with some veggie. I got the classic dal, which was very thick, but still also good. And, it came with a salad--I got the cucumber one and it was delicious and refreshing! It also came with a side of naan, and I chose garlic-which was really great! My only complaint was it was a tad too oily. Ever though I ordered after my friend, I got my garlic naan right away--where as my friend was still waiting for her garlic naan well after I sat down with my food. The kitchen just seemed disorganized with poor communication between the workers. The food was good, and it was a hefty portion with a lot of variety for under $10. I'd recommend this place, and can see myself going again.
Flew in from LA, came here...all I got to say is whoever created this fast-food Chipotle type joint is a GENIUS. I need to talk to the owner and create this in LA.Owner: please message me and let's franchise.
4.5 stars. Ordered this for dinner via UberEATS and was super impressed! They have dinner plates that include a main entree, naan, salad and rice/daal or chickpeas. Aka a super large and complete dinner portion for less than $10! I really liked how well the delivery was packaged. The food also tasted phenomenal. I had the classic chicken tikka masala and it was just the right balance of creamy, spicy and savory. You can also customize the spice level of your dish-I chose level 2. The best part is the naan included gives you the option of garlic naan, which is always amazing and complements any Indian meal. Super happy with this find and would definitely order again if I'm feeling some Indian for dinner!
In NYC on business for a while and had a taste for samosa chaat. Found this gem a few blocks from my hotel for lunch.  The dish was just as tasty as I had hoped for.  The setting was casual. I'll return one last time before I leave the city.
Pretty much the Indian-version of chipotle, so obviously delicious. There are yummy breath-fresheners / mints when you finish!
Indikitch is a casual dining Indian place that's opened 2 locations thus far.  I came here seeing as I just started a new job nearby, and was familiar with their other location.  The line here certainly gets long for lunch, but they do a great job of taking orders and moving it along.  Prices are on par for Midtown lunch (read: high) but the total portion of food is good.  Not sure why they keep all their sauces behind the counter, as this would help make the line even faster.  What I've seen here is that they skimp on the entrees and give you a lot of sides for the feasts (their fancy name for a plate with sides), but this also seems to be the best value.  The goan fish was good, but there was so little of it; probably not even a whole small filet.  The banana leaf curry sauce was good but there was way too much of it for the fish.  I've had their chicken tikka at their other location and it's just alright; tangy to be sure, but not with much richness of flavor.  I found the beets slight odd due to the spicing used but they were alright; same goes for the chickpeas, although the classic daal were better.  Garlic naan and brown rice being included were nice touches.  Overall not a bad meal but nothing more than a way to occasionally scratch my itch for Indian food (but not completely satisfying it, I use Malai Marke for that).I don't hate this place, I'm just underwhelmed with what I've seen thus far.  If it improves I might end up coming here on a weekly basis.  As it stands, $11 for barely any meat/fish doesn't do it for me more than on occasion.
*my disclaimer* I LOVE authentic Indian food.----I took a late lunch and missed my normal Indian buffet so I decided to give this place a try...And boy was I disappointed!!If you love authentic Indian food, don't waste your time. People keep saying it's like chipotle... What?!! No!!! That's disrespectful.  ..Maybe, their 'ordering' style is like that of chipotle. But the food, as a whole, is the equivalent of what Taco Bell is to Mexican food. I ordered the Goan fish feast, with a mixture of all 3 bean selections and all 3 veggie selections. Additionally, I ordered a mango lassie, garlic naan and potato somosas, my total was $19.09. For lunch, during the week, that's a bit much but... Oh well, I'm ordering it. Let me just say the fish "feast" wasn't a feast, more like a sampler. The beans, rice and veggies were very bland. However the Samosas were quite tasty!I took a few bites and immediately cursed myself for wasting $20 on this mess!! Then I thought about trashing it and going next door to Wendy's (which is what I should've done in the first place) but that would bring my lunch total even higher!! Then I considered taking it home and doctoring it up but that means traveling back to my office, then home with stinky, terrible Indian food. So I just sucked it up and ate it. When I eat Indian I expect the flavors to stick with me, to be full and stuffed to the brim, to burp and have a memory of the goodness I just devoured... Nope that won't happen here at IndiKitch. IndiKitch is like Indian food with training wheels. It's for people who just want to say they had Indian food but they really just had IndiKitch. It's like going to have 'sushi' and ordering a California roll... It's not real!!!Save your money, please!!
5 stars again for the PHENOMENAL mushroom dosas. This definitely takes the cake for the tastiest vegetarian food that I've ever had in the United States. My taste buds tingle just thinking about them, omg. Now I have to agonize between getting the mushroom dosas and the samosa chaat. Indikitch why must you make my life so deliciously difficult?
Excellent fast casual Indian food. Not quite the "Chipotle" of Indian food, as it's a bit more in line with traditional Indian than it is a unique spin with lots of customization. One of my favorite QSR Indian spots is Tikkaway in New Haven, and that is more of a true "Chipotle of Indian food". Think of this as more of a typical NYC lunch assembly line with not a ton of customization available. I'm not a huge fan of the rice bowls (too much rice, not enough flavor), but the Feasts are great. The Feasts are closer to what you would expect at an Indian restaurant.Decor is trendy and bright, if not a bit uninviting. Service is nothing special, but they'll get you in and out quick.
Came here on a Wednesday evening and had a "feast" with chicken. Actually wanted a rice bowl with a bit of carrots or chickpeas, but they seemed very inflexible in that regard.I like that the meat was prepared freshly for my order.The taste was decent, even though the first bite of my chicken contained some gristle and the brown rice could have been cooked a bit more.I'd try it again but would prefer if they allowed you to mix & match more like a Chipotle for example.
Great hindu fast food place! I ordered the salad with fish, and my husband the rice bowl with chicken. Definitely I would go for the chicken, and if you like spicy food like me ask for their extra sauces!
Ate here once and loved it, even though the food made me feel kind of funny after. My personal belief is that you shouldn't still be able to taste your lunch 6 hours after you've eaten it, but I thought, "Maybe it's a 'me' thing." It tasted fine enough and was convenient enough to get me to come back for more. So I ate here again, and I got full blown food poisoning. Now whenever I pass this place on my way to work, I cross the street and keep my gaze down, for fear that a mere glance or whiff will remind me of that awful experience. So I give this place two stars because my customer experience here was akin to a disappointing, deeply regrettable two-night stand.
Indian-style chipotle. Why didn't anyone think of this restaurant concept before? First you choose how you want it plated - 'feast' style, 'biryani' style, etc, pretty much the difference is just how much food you want. Then, you walk through the three different stations: (1) what kind of rice (2) what type of main dish - chicken tikka masala, pulled pork vindaloo, paleek paneer, etc.. + a side dish and then (3) type of naan. I've been hear twice now and I always get: feast style + basmati rice + chicken tikka + garlic naan. Love the rice and the chicken tikka! so much flavors. However, the naan is a hit or miss - sometimes it's cooked perfectly and sometimes it almost taste too hard like it's been sitting out too long. I also really enjoy the samosas as well!Highly recommend this place :)
assembly line made to order food. figure out your choices before reaching the head of the line.I like the chicken tikka spicy. their mango lassi is good too.The Feast is such an amazing portion of food. be read to not eat for the next 12 hours.
As soon as I first stepped in Indikitch, I was reminded of Chipotle. For a fast food chain, not only is food affordable but delicious too! Dare I say even better than some of the Indian restaurants nearby. Although they have one main vegan dish (mushroom kadai) on the menu, the sides make up for it (beet salad and chana masala are my favorite). There are different options to choose from the feast i.e. sampler, dosa, biryani or salad, but I always opt for the feast. Unfortunately both naans, original and garlic, have butter. If your craving for some Indian fare and need a quick, and tasty bite be sure to check out IndiKitch :)
I live a couple blocks from this IndiKitch location, it's always my go to place when I want a quick non fussy bite. I have tried their paneer makhni, goan fish curry, onion pakora chaat. All on point and the pricing is great.
For Indian fast food - this was great! I had the samosa chaat and it was quite tasty and a little spicy. Samosas are flavourful with a good crust - I'd definitely have it again.
So happy I gave this place a 3rd try! I like spicy food I dont love spicy food but Indian food has always been a dish  I wanted try out.. The first time I went I asked for Mild and it had too much of a kick for me! I ate the rice and Cucumber + carrots salads, but couldn't finish the chicken it was too spicy for my particular taste. I went a second and 3rd time and I worked with cook to get the chicken spiciness to my liking and it was delicious and I really enjoyed it. Now every time I go I know exactly how to ask for my chicken. They also have pulled pork which I'm excited to try. I love what I get and I'm definitely  going back for more!
Quick fast chipotle style Indian food and it's so tasty! I got a mushroom kathi roll and it was so good!
Excellent "quick-food" Indian foodLive Fire salad with Goan Fish is our fav!Serves variety of beers and the Chai Garam tea is warm and spiced nicely and best is it is not too sweetPlace is Kept cleanWhat makes this great is competent friendly staff, that are really the 'secret sauce'
The food was quick but tasty. The service was excellent - attentive, friendly and hard working. We ordered samosas on the side and they were great. If you're looking for something fast that isn't fast food, I recommend giving this place a shot.
I am in Love!!!  I have only been to the one near HK so I can't speak for the other one in Flatiron but the food is amazing!  I had the chicken and the samosas are super yummy!  Who cares if people thinks it's like a Chipotle.  I love Chipotle!!!!See you soon!
Works, but don't get too excited about the nuts at the register...this place is a step up from Chipotle but more like a quarter inch riser. Kati, kati, love the kati roll
Like Chipotle, but for Indian food. Multiple combinations of Indian food and the staff is pretty helpful and efficient with keeping things moving even when there's a long line. My husband had the Dosa meal combo and I had the pork Vindaloo with rice combo. They were both delicious and had the perfect level of spice. We like our food spicy so we got some extra sauces and those were fresh and delicious too especially the peanut sauce. We've been back a few times since then and the food is consistently good and very reasonably priced. I'm especially a huge fan of their dal.
So glad I found this place! Great fresh food. A bit pricey but well worth it. Reminds me of an Indian food version of Chipotle!
A friend told me about this place and we decided to give it a try. I've never had indian food before, so this was a new experience to me.I ended up ordering the "Feast", which is where you pick one main and 4 additional side dishes [dhal, rice, naan and salad]. I had the chicken tikka, dhal, brown rice and the regular naan. Everything tasted amazing, it was perfectly cooked and it was such a large portion that I couldn't finish everything in one sitting. The naan was just amazing, I don't know why but I just fell in love with naan the moment I tasted it!This place also has a lot of seating and it is never overcrowded, so its definitely worth checking out if you want to try something new!
I'm so glad I finally tried this place for lunch. Thankfully, I went before the 12PM mad lunch rush and there were no lines. Easy enough to order: you select the type of meal you want, feast, biryani, dosa, live fire salad. I went with the feast so I could try a little of everything. With the feast comes a lot of food: choice of a type of rice, dal, kachumbar and the ever so popular naan. I like the ease of ordering and yes it's very similar to an Indian version of Chipotle per previous Yelpers. You also mention the main dish and they stick a colored flag to indicate what you've ordered. I like that they heat up the chicken in a pan and serve it to you hot. It's cool to see how many pans are sitting in the back so you know each pan is cleaned before your main gets heated up. At the end they ask you for the type of naan and if you want additional food. The ordering experience was great!Onto the food: it's not bad for a fast, take-out style Indian meal. I loved that the chicken was heated up. Chicken tikka was good, although I'm used to bigger chunks of chicken but totally understand it was chopped smaller given the nature of the restaurant. Just enough sauce for me to dip the naan. The basmati rice was dry but if you drizzle that main dish sauce over it, all is right. The chickpeas and cucumber kachumbar were fine. The garlic naan was good. Hot upon receiving my order but cools down quickly. It wasn't too heavy on the garlic which was nice - no heavy garlic breath. Love that it came prepackaged already so it's easy to go and comes in an aluminum-style bag. I'd advise avoiding the 12-1PM lunch rush if you want to sit there and eat. The place fills up quickly! I'm glad I read the reviews before coming here because the meat/sauce does go through the bowl so be careful if you're taking it to go. Have to give a shout out to the kind man who helps take away your tray once you're done with your food. Very nice, kind person! All together it was a good meal and I'd be happy to go back and try other combinations.
Had this for the first time today and was pleasantly surprised. There's not much variety, but the food tasted great. Really enjoyed the garlic naan bread.As mentioned, the "spicy" level is not really that spicy at all. Order the spicy if you're looking for a kick..i doubt the mild is spicy at all.
Best Indian fast food experience. Great taste, prepared in front of customer (similar to chipotle style). Limited menu. Options for vegetarian dish.
The food was absolutely delicious! I got the samosa chaat and the feast with saffron rice, yellow dal, paneer tikka masala and garlic naan. The paneer was soft and flavorful the way it should be, so was the naan. I usually don't enjoy dal (lentils) much but it tasted really good here. The prices aren't crazy either! The only issue I faced was that they weren't consistent with the sides/food they provided. I got the samosa chaat for 4 days in a row, and each time they would either forget to add the mint chutney or the chopped toppings, or the tamarind chutney or the yogurt. By the third time I would make it a point to check the food before leaving and would ask them for whichever item was missing. Other than that, would definitely recommend this place! The food (paneer/samosas) was delicious.
I loved the concept of this place albeit found the number of choices to make during the process of ordering quite overwhelming - and I'm Indian. The paneer here was excellent in the feast meal and the saag paneer dosa was a cool fusion combination too. Portions are very generous and can easily be two meals. Loved the flavors!
Excellent indian food.Clean and very fast and reasonable prices for midtown.I call this place the 'indian chipotle'.Recommend if you like indian food
Delicious !It didn't taste exactly like the restaurant version but flavorful and fresh and love the "feast" because it has a little bit of everything !
Big fan of this place. Indian food in assembly line style as Chipotle Mexican Grill. The USP of this place is that whatever "Main" you choose, the curry is sautéed right in front of you on a high burning flame before being added to your dish.This is the key differentiator in the taste of their dishes. I also recommend the chai, onion fritters and samosa. Again, there are a lot of vegetarian options here with the paneer tikka feast being my personal favorite.There are 2 other locations in Manhattan and I have also been to the one near Columbus Circle. Great way to present Indian food.
Indikich is more of an eating joint with limited but absolutely delicious indian food options. Been here twice- tried the paneer bowl and chicken tikka bowl- spicy and absolutely delicious. Neat and clean. Healthy alternative for naan. Top notch!
This was a happy accident. I had no idea what I wanted for lunch; all I knew was that I was hungry. Don't you hate that? Me too! As I was walking down 8th Ave, I walked right in front of IndiKitch and thought it looked like fun. Who doesn't love curry? I know I do. I popped in, and took one look at the menu and thought "oh, the ordering scheme is sort of like Chipotle, but with Vindaloo, heck yes I'm down!" I ordered the feast. Now, don't go thinking I'm crazy and ordered enough food to feed a starving nation here because you'd be a little off base. The name of the meal is a bit deceiving. In terms of feast, I think they were going for the idea that you get a little bit of everything. Portion-wise, it wasn't out of control. I went with the saffron rice, the yellow lentils, cucumber salad, and the pork vindaloo. Vindaloo is known to be one of the spiciest dishes in the indian culinary diaspora, but it is amazingly delish. I have a palette for spicy, and thought I'd give it a spin around the block, and kick the tires. It wasn't as spicy as I'd expected; definitely somewhere in the medium-range of the scale. It was delicious! In the end, the entire meal was enjoyable, the staff is pleasant, it is priced well for the lunch rush, and the clientele is cute during the day (hey, don't judge me).
Overall impression: Casual place with decent indian food at good price. Also has a unique cutomizable ordering system for an indian restaurant (think chipotle).Atmosphere: very casual, like anyother fast food place. There are few tables to sit on, so you may have to get your food to go.Food: food was just decent (I'm indian, so maybe I'm picky in this case). There isn't a lot of variety on the menu. You can pick your spice level - warning: if you pick mild, that means zero spice. I will definitely go spicy here next time.Service: quick and easy, like any other fast food place.
This Chipotle-style Indian food joint has quickly risen up the ranks amongst Indian food lovers.Present at two different locations Flatiron and Columbus circle, Indikitch offers a different menu and serving format when compared to a typical Indian restaurant.Customers can choose to build customized rice-based bowls (Biryani), salads, rolls mixed with options ranging from chicken tikka, paneer tikka, saag paneer, pulled pork vindaloo, goan fish and mashroom kadhai. The cooking style is what makes the food delicious and also differentiates them from the other Indian fast food joints. It is hard to go wrong with anything on the menu (including the sides and the drinks) Must Try: Paneer Tikka Feast (in pic above) , Samosa Chaat, Lemonade
Addictive, tasty food bursting with flavor.Really nice service & friendly waitstaff. Have been here multiple times and yet leave craving for more.Have tried the chicken tikka masala feast & Kati rolls. Both delectable! Kati Rolls are more filling and have this amazing mouthful of flavor.Have tried the pulled pork main. Also delectable!Their Mulligatawny Soup is quite good too!Their homemade Mango Lassi is yummy and a perfect way to quench the spicy heat.My husband & I love going here for a quick Indian food fix that tastes authentic and is budget friendly. Thanks Indikitch! Will be back again :)
I was so excited to try this place but it was inedible. Staff was confused and charged me wrong amount. Vindaloo was green (?!) and not spicy at all and heavy and pork was so fatty I had to dump it in the trash.  Even the rice had a strange heaviness to it. Like peanut butter.
This is the fast food/Chipotle style Indian restaurant. It is good and fast but not quite like traditional Indian restaurants. I like though the chooses with your main then you get to select the style- Feast, Biryani, Dosa or Live Fire Salad. I will be back for sure and the prices are reasonable. Nice restaurant.
Awesome fast food when you're tired of chipotle and hale and hearty soups... the location is clean and spacious, and you get your food super fast. Your food will be about $10 and really fills you up! I love that you can request a level of spice- and spicy really is spicy! (For me at least)
The food was ok but the saag paneer was way too spicy (and I love spicy food). I requested "a little spicy" and it left my mouth on fire. Also, they use a particular kind of spice to make it hot-spicy that did not taste like any Indian spice I'd had before (have travelled in India twice and never had this *type* of spicy). It was more like a Mexican hot red chili spice, adding a strange dimension to the saag paneer.
Long story short, it's a Indian version of chipotle. Average quality with average staff. You can usually get a lunch special at a little bit more authentic Indian restaurant, but location is location.
A pretty great option on 8th, just a couple blocks from Central Park and close to theaters. Fantastic prices -$12 for a drink and the Feast - rice and sauce, salad, naan bread and main (I had the saag paneer).  Beet salad was excellent, saag was pretty tasty. I found the naan to be a little too tough - like it had sat in the warmer too long.  But I appreciate the food prep right there in front of you in a skillet. Would definitely come back for another quick Indian food craving.
Good choices and the fusion of various Indian cuisine is remarkable. I am not sure how fresh the ingredients were.
Needed food fast. Almost had to settle for McDonalds cuz didn't want to spend an arm and a leg and didn't have much time. Then I noticed this place, almost next door and when I opened the door to peek in, I was hooked. It smelled delicious! Noticing several families of seemingly Indian or Pakistani decent at the dining tables had me a little worried that I wouldn't be able to handle the spice (cuz, from a few "homie" friends, I know that there is quite a difference between American-standard "spicy" and *real* spicy), but I was too hungry to play it safe and my alternative was a burger and fries that would prolly sit in my stomach giving me heart burn until next Tuesday. So, I tried my luck - and OMG - what a treat. For about $10 I got a feast of a meal (they actually call it a "feast"). I had tikka masala chicken with the veggie rice, and salad. It also included lentils but I substituted those with another side of salad. Oh - and you get bread (naan) on the side. If you add a "cherry on top", ask for a cup of Raita (yoghurt with pineapple, I think). Enjoy!
Giving this place a 3.5-4/5 when factoring in price (~$9). Like many people have stated before this place is set up much like a Chipotle, with either a feast bowl containing a base (like rice), two sides (like chickpeas, lentils, beets, cucumber, etc), naan, and a main protein, or just a bowl with a base and a protein. Portion wise, the feast is quite filling with a low price tag for Manhattan (everything ranged between 8 something and 9 something dollars). The space itself is pretty reminiscent of Chipotle, with a more industrial feel of metal high tables and metal stools.The food is made relatively quickly, as most components just need to be scooped. You do also have the option to make your meat spicy, and if you get the max spicy level it is actually spicy without killing you. I got the chicken tikka, with basmati rice, yellow lentils, beets and garlic naan. The chicken tikka had a lot of meat to sauce ratio, but I do kind of wish there was more sauce just to dip the naan in. The lentils were good and so was the rice. The beets were cut into thin strips and kind of crunchy, but also kind of bland unfortunately. The garlic naan came with black sesame seeds on top, but unfortunately my piece was cold and no longer soft. My only real complaint is that the bowls used to serve the food did not hold up well to the meat. Both my bowl and my boyfriend's bowl ripped only a few minutes into our meal. For the price and for a quick meal, Indikitch is a solid option. There's a decent amount of flavoring to the food overall, and it's worth at least trying out.
What terrible service.I went there on New Year's Day.  I get that they may have been short-staffed, though there were 5 people mulling around just in the front not looking very busy.There was a group of people in front of us, all who look like they had ordered already.  We were around the area where they had a sign that said 'order here'.  Nobody was there.  From time to time some workers came around there but they certainly did not look like they were looking to help anyone so we figured they were doing something else and we just wait with everyone else and order at the cash register.We waited in line painfully for about 10 minutes when we realized that now miraculously there is someone taking orders behind us and now we are stuck in between the people who are just waiting for their food and people who came way after us and are ordering before us.  Needless to say it was annoying and we told the guy at the cash register who didn't care and just told us to go back and order.  Without the slightest hint of an apologetic demeanor, he annoyingly told us that they were short staffed and why we are getting annoyed at him.  Wow.  This is what happens when you don't have any management there supervising workers who don't give a damn.  Of course we walked and didn't try the food but I don't think we missed out on too much.  From the looks of it the biryani was literally drenched with some unknown sauce and the dosas looked like little tacos.  Appetizing.
Indikitch is kinda like an Indian food Chipotle. Was curious and wanted to try it. I ordered the chicken biryani bowl. It was ok. Slightly bland which is hard to believe for Indian food. They were stingy with the meat. I think the peanut chutney gave it some life. It was meh and for the price u're better off going to a restaurant for a lunch special.
Finally, the chipotle like Indian restaurant we all have been waiting for. Food is delicious and experience is that of a fast food chain.I am going to become a regular at this joint.100% good !And they have a 'Saunf' read mouth freshener counter, could have given them an extra star for it.
For food fast, this exceeded expectations! They cook the meats when you order so everything is hot. Lots of flavor and a nice variety of options of meals to order. Can't go wrong if you're craving Indian food!
Exactly as described: indian chipotle, and comparative prices. I got the live fire salad with chicken tikka masala, and an order of samosas. The masala salad was delicious and I ordered it mild, since I wasn't sure how hot they go. I would order it spicier next time. We went in for dinner on Saturday, and I was amazed how dead it was inside, but it meant more samosas for me :)
It's like an Indian chipotle. Flavors are amazing and portion is just right for lunch. There's different level of spiciness, up to 4 levels, I chose the 1st level and my face was red!Chicken Tikka feast with saffron rice,  cucumber salad, chicken peas - rice was cook well. Chicken was a bit dry but flavor was all there. Garlic Naan - full of garlic and buttery flavor.  Good to dip in the Tikka sauce.
I had a lunch here.Ordered biryani with chicken tikka,with came with yogurt sauce and red spicy sauce.There are another option like Dosa or salad.Every menu was around $10.Staffs are very nice,and so quick to prepare food.My chicken tikka was freshly heated so I enjoyed it with byriani.There was enough seating so you can enjoy meal inside.If you don't want order drink staff gave you  cup for free water.
Just had a really delicious chicken tikka kati roll with #2 spiciness. Love that you can customize the spice, flavours were on point, and the blood orange lemonade was really good too! Great option for lunch if you work nearby.
This was my first time eating Indian food and it definitely won't be my last.I ended up getting the salad with chicken and it was VERY good. The lettuce was fresh and I was in love with the pickled veggies and the dressing. There was definitely a spice factor to my dish, which I was not expecting since I asked for mild, but I like spice so it was okay. The salad comes with chickpea chips, which come in a separate container. They're more like flakes than chips, but they were a great crunch to add to my salad. I also asked about the packaged dressings by where you pay, and ended up last minute asking for the pineapple one (the white one) which you are not charged extra for. I wish I got more than one container of the sauce because it was AMAZING!The staff was nice and relatively fast for prime lunch rush-hour. The place was also clean and roomy, with plenty of inside seating and a cool decor. I will definitely be back soon and hope to try the feast!
I eat Indian a lot... I can't say how excited I am to find indikitch. I'm used to ordering delivery or dining in at a traditional Indian restaurant... Which is commitment. Indikitch is super quick and I can splurge on my beloved Indian cuisine without spending $35, which is typical at other places when you order naan, beverage, rice, etc. Delicious. Affordable. Would be 5 stars but I think the customer service (while very friendly) could take more initiative/awareness in engaging with a first time customer. I was kind of slow knowing how to order; just a little direction would have been appreciated.
I had been wanting to stop by for some time and today was the day. I had to look at the menu for a while in order to see what to order but the staff-seeing I needed help came to the rescue. The menu is set up in 2 steps-first you select your style (feast, biryani, dosa or live fire salad.) If you choose the feast option (as I did)  you choose one selection from 4 categories rice (basmati) dal (chick peas) kachumbar (beet) and naan (garlic) These were my choices. Step 2 you choose your main dish (chicken tikka, pulled pork vindaloo, goan fish, paneer tikka, mushroom kadai or saag paneer-one of these. The menu is vegetarian and gluten free depending on choices made. They can also accomodate you palate in terms of spicyness. There is a listing for sides and drinks. The staff was helpful and the space is of a considerable size. There does not appear to be a children's menu.Children there that day were eating what their parents had ordered for them. I would recommend and return-it is reasonably priced.
With the great food they have this should be a five star but I found the people behind the counter to be a little rude hence the four star. I had chicken biryani, samosa  and Goan fish curry feast. All were excellent definitely coming back
I wish there was an indikitch near my work or home, cuz it's really good stuff. As I'm sure others have mentioned, it's sort of an Indian version of Chipotle in that you choose a base and a protein and then customize. I love the paneer tikka. I asked for spicy on the heat scale and they didn't hold back. I dream about that paneer. The naan is great, too. I like the beet salad quite well, and I'm usually not a huge fan of beets. I want to try the taco-like dosa next time. They look amazing.
I love this place! The food is healthy, cheap, and perfect for grabbing a quick bite at lunch. The options are vast enough that there will be something for no matter what you're craving. The ingredients are cooked right in front of you and everything tastes fresh. I don't have a bad thing to say about the place!
One of the best tasting paneer tikka and saag paneer I have ever had. Be careful about the spice though. They have 4 spice levels with 4 being spiciest and I found 2 to be spicy :p Love their twist on salad and dosa. This place will make you go back several times to try the different options on the menu, well a limited menu especially for vegetarians. How about adding koftas and chole?
Finally a way to eat all the Indian food I want without having to spend $50. I'll be back for sure!
Although I'm not a regular connoisseur of Indian food, I've had it here and there over the years at various places. Being from out of town and this place being very close to my hotel, I figured I'd give it a go. This food is definitely legit! I ordered the feast with the pork vindaloo, saffron rice, chickpea dal, and beet kachumbar, with a side of samosas and garlic naan. The amount of food is plenty! The spice is just right, but if you're not used to spice, order it mild if you're getting the vindaloo. My mouth was on fire (in a good way) and I ordered it mild. The chutneys that came with the samosas were great!
Ridiculously delicious, authentic Indian flavors. The spice is especially savory - make sure you order your dish spicy. It's not that hot, about 3/10 on the spicy scale, and adds wonderful flavor. Service is really fast, similar to the setup a popular, unnamed burrito chain employs, and fairly cheap ($10 for a satisfying biryani). If I lived nearby I would come here every day for lunch.
The lines are insane during weekday lunch!! But otherwise, food quality-wise, it seems consistently above-average (which honestly, is sometimes all I look for). Only complaint is the naan comes out in a little paper packet, and is hard and dry.
The girl on counter was extremely rude!!She said they cannot take any order as it's 15 mins before there closing time..the order was just for tea and this was told to us after they initially said tea is available.
There are now so many Chipotle clones in the city that on this particular Wednesday I managed to eat two on the same day. Apparently there is no food that is incapable of being deconstructed and assembled in customized bowls.For lunch it was Greek food downtown, while dinner uptown before a concert was the second location of this place. The name is terrible, the kind of odd portmanteau that I expect out of new pharmaceuticals and branding agencies. It doesn't sound appetizing. Everything else is quite sensible. One visit to Chipotle's Thai spin-off ShopHouse grill will demonstrate how one has to be careful when allowing customers to throw a bunch of different flavors in a bowl.I go with the feast, along with paneer tikka. Kudos to Indikitch for include three vegetarian options, along with multiple kinds of daal. Indian food works great as a ready-to-eat option, but too often in New York it has been reduced to under flavored, dry, salty, steam tables. Indikitch pulls in better seasoning and constantly refreshed food. The naan was surprisingly fluffy (and not too doughy) and rice solid as well.This is fast-casual food done right - great for a quick meal and definitely worthy of expansion.
At first I loved this place. However, I came back a few years weeks later, and was very disappointed. The prices have gone up but the quality has gone down. It's too bad, as it could've been a great neighborhood spot.
I really enjoyed the food here. I work nearby and co-workers have really been raving about this place, so I decided to try it for lunch. I'm really glad I did. The food was extremely good.
As far as lunchtime chains are concerned, this is undoubtedly one of the better options in the area. This is not the place for authentic Indian food by any stretch of the imagination, but the flavors are always good, the portions are relatively hearty, and the price is not awful. I opt for the salad, as anything with rice would probably require a food nap under my desk (a la George Costanza), but the serving of protein/vegetable is more than adequate to sate those midday hunger pangs. Conclusion: With the recent issues Chipotle has been having, Indikitch offers a compelling alternative across the street. The working masses have all flocked here and, if you're in need of a quick meal to get you through an afternoon of meetings, this is certainly better than other chains in the neighborhood. That said, I recommend a sizable mint supply if you're going into meeting -- the onion content in some dishes may lead to the loss of some clients.
The menu on Indikitch is just like a Chipotle style but for Indian fast food.  The food here is decent but my only gripe that they don't have lamb.  It's not bad for lunch fast food joint very busy but line goes fast.
The food was fantastic, and they mean it when they ask if it's spicy. The service is a little bit slow but nothing worth complaining over. The mango drink was milkshake-esque and really great to break up the heat of the food. Same for the strawberry lemonade.
Very good as a lunch! As a big eater get satisfied with the portion. Really flavorful!Definitely go back again in the future
I had the opportunity today to go to Indikitch and was thoroughly impressed. Following the mantra set by Chipotle of fast casual, Indikitch really sets itself apart from most Indian restaurants with quick and fast service. What's even more impressive is how good the food tastes.I would really recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala.
This is a great inexpensive meal in Midtown.  We were staying at the nearby Hilton and wanted something fast and cheap (and delicious).  We'd definitely go back next time we're in town.
The Indian Version of Chipotle!The good:- Each meal is under $10- Everything is fresh and comes out quickly- Large menu to choose from- Great flavoring- 3 different vegetarian optionsThe bad:- Nothing so far! :)
Give a ride to your tasted buds with 3 different levels of hotness.The best Indian food I have had among the four cities(Cleveland, Seattle, Chicago and New York) I have been to.The  most important element is the authenticity of the cuisine. The spices used are well cooked and blend together very well. Another specialty is the quality of Naan. It is soft and cooked to the right amount and doesn't get chewy after a while. To match new york's fast paced life they have been able to make the delivery of food instantaneous and manage the taste at the same time. A must for anybody who loves hot Indian food. Everything on there menu us delicious.
mulligatawny soup was a complete rip off. $3.75 for 1/2 cup of spicy broth. For that price at least fill up the container and add a few cooked veggies.
Awesome food, Amazing Place., Quick Service and Wow Food...If you are in NYC and if you love indian food must try this
One of my favourite Indian places. Consistently good and fast. Do try the chicken tikka biryani and the paneer tikka feast. The chai is excellent and the samosas are great too!
For fast Indian this place is amazing. Good selection and lots of options. Best is they actually give it to you super spicy hot if you request it.  Gets packed but the line moves fast. We enjoyed the food way more than we did at the new Tapestry restaurant in the Village, at a fraction of the cost. Highly recommended.
The chicken tikka dosa tacos were quite good.  The bowl was great also.  Really cool concept and I hope they open more locations!
I'm so happy that a place like this exists!Overall I'm giving it 5 stars, but there were still some cons so I will definitely list them here.Pros:-Spicy was actually pretty spicy!! Not the spiciest Indian food I've had in my life, but the level 3 spice was definitely spicy enough!! (I really like spicy food)-Plenty of entree items to choose from-Lots of seating-Good price!! Better than most other indian places-Big modern spaceCons:-Not enough rice-There definitely was a long wait for how short the line was (I wasn't in a rush so I didn't mind)-There were screaming kids running around disturbing customers, and the management didn't do anything like ask the parents to watch their kids, etc.Overall, this will definitely be my go to take out Indian place.
Had lunch there today and it was SO GOOD!  They had awesome vegetarian options and everything was really fresh. I had the mushroom kadai with saffron rice, classic dal, cucumber kachumbar, and original nan. It was crazy busy during lunch hour but the service was fast and friendly. This place will definitely become a regular spot for me.
Been to this spot a couple of times and can truly say it's a great place for a very casual but delicious lunch/dinner. It's a chipotle-styled place to eat. You get on line, choose your meal style, meat, daal, and type of salad. I usually get the a feast chicken tikka with chickpeas and cucumber salad with the garlic naan. The food is pretty spicy so if you aren't a fan of masalas and spices, this might not be the place for you. It is Indian food,after all. Along with dinner, they serve some pretty good drinks. I've gotten the lassi a few times which is okay. I got the Stone IPA last night and it complemented the meal quite nicely. Definitely a great place to eat. The prices are very fair for the portion you get. As for seating, it can get cramped here since its a popular spot. Like a few people mentioned, coming here past 12 PM will result in a long wait so try to come a little earlier or just grab it for dinner.
Great Indian food fast.  I wish this place was in Florida.  I had the chicken feast with saffron rice, lentils and cucumber salad.  Perfect lunch for $12.
Had to come here twice to actually ascertain that Indikitch is the "Indian Chipotle". The first time I came here I got the chicken Feast, which was good but not really similar to the Mexican chain in quantity or value You get a small salad, small amount of protein and rice, and naan. Maybe I just had a stingy server, but I was much more satisfied with the pulled pork Biryani I had today. There was a huge amount of rice and pulled pork and definitely will make up for two meals. I prefer mixing both of the sauces and kind of wish they came in mixed. Anyway, definitely will be getting the Biryani if I continue to eat at Indikitch.
The food here was amazing!!!!!  Customer service was the best!! I am sooo coming back and telling all my coworkers and friends!! I was very pleased with the customer service, it made all the visit even better!!
I love the food!!! But I feel temporarily deaf when I come here. Bring your outdoor voice!!!Pros: Tasty food fast, nice inside, pretty water bottles. They give you samples of the different options if you ask. Cons: The Ear Experience. Glass is too tall/thick, which makes ordering soooo difficult sometimes. Have to stand on my toes to hear what the servers are saying (and to shout my order back at them). Music is very loud too. Idk fix this Indikitch, plz plz
Yeah, not bad! Basically Indian Chipotle. I highly recommend ordering as fast as you can because what another reviewer said about the lack of ventilation is true. I ended up coughing toward the end of my stint in line, even though it moved quickly, and it continued for a few minutes even once I got outside. But the food was great, you get a lot of it, and the prices are reasonable considering you'll get 2 meals out of it!
I haven't started eating yet but the service absolutely sucks.  I hope the management reads this.
I go this place for lunch, it's fast and flavorful. I usually get the biryani with mild chicken and samosas, it never disappoints!
I never write reviews, but It is also rare that I encounter such rude staff.  I am not high maintenance or a complainer.  I let almost anything roll off my chest and am almost annoyingly happy go lucky.   It is fast food so I don't expect a lot in terms of courtesy and service, but there needs to be some standard right? I admit, I was looking at my email while on line, which can be annoying, I guess, but there was no one waiting behind me and when Sammy at the register didn't get my attention the first time she said something (it is also loud in there).  She lashed out!  She put me down! She made fun of me! She attacked me with such a startling attitude.   Am I the first person to look at my phone while on line?  Jeez.  Yes, it is a problem that people are distracted by phones a lot, but it didn't warrant that reaction!  I let her lash out I was startled, and asked her name.  Sammy she said. She said, "I will call my manager for you."  I never asked her to but okay.  (This must have happened before?) she giggled with her manager  before he came out to give me a gift card.  I won't use it.  I am never coming back.  That behavior is unacceptable.
Mediocre. Better off going to a lunch buffet for the price.The rice bowl had an insane amount of rice and not enough protein
I loved the Taco style dosas! Almost everything we tried was great but my favourite was the fish dosa! Also their coconut chutney was really good. I am definitely going there again on my next trip to NYC.
I ordered the chicken tika with brown rice, yum! For a fast food chain like Chipotle only that is Indian cuisine, I really enjoyed it! Every food looked good, place was clean,lots of space, friendly staff.
Very tasty and convenient! Great spot for fast authentic Indian cuisine. Excellent cheap eats!
Chipotle beware!!! Indikitch is a game changer. Had the feast with cucumbers saffron rice chicken tikka but the real winner here is the classic dal. At first I was torn between getting the feast and briyani (rice bowl) but I'm happy I went with the feast... The briyani just seems like too much rice, and I really enjoyed my cucumber salad and other sides
Nice addition to the neighborhood and substantial improvement over the Wendys and McDs on the same block. Its been said before but bears repeating, this place is a Chipotle-style Indian restaurant. Open kitchen, some degree of customization during preparation, freshly made, and always tasty. Staff is always very friendly and helpful as it is a pretty new concept to many patrons who are still figuring out the Indikitch vocabulary. Count me as a repeat customer.
Indian chipotle! The platter is my favorite! Tried the tacos but felt like the food was too soggy. Great deal for lots of food!
Came here on a Friday night and ordered the biryani with chicken tikka. It with came with a yogurt sauce and a red spicy sauce. Really good stuff. Flavor was so good, I didn't even use the sauces. I ordered it extra spicy. It hit the spot. Came out to $10. Highly recommended.
