Their Roti Canai is a must!Came here with a friend for early dinner on a Wednesday. It wasn't crowded but I passed by here several times and saw how packed it can get during the weekends so plan accordingly. We were seated immediately, given that it was a hump day and not your ideal weather outside.We got the homemade Roti Canai ($3.95) aka their "Indian pancake." The pancake was crispy on the edges and the portion of the dish was big enough for two to share. The curry dipping sauce had a kick to it but I'm all about that spice so it was A+ in my books. Another dish we ordered was the Curry Mee with Young Tau Foo ($8.50), which is essentially a bowl of egg noodles with spicy lemongrass coconut curry. Toppings included tofu and vegetables stuffed with minced dish. This also had a kick to it, which I loved. Soup was so flavorful, full of spice and the noodles were chewy indeed. You can't go to a Malaysian restaurant without ordering Hainanese Chicken (1/4: $8.25  1/2: $10.95). I went with the quarter, which was more than enough for one person. Eat it with their chicken broth rice ($1.75) so you can drench it with their "Chef's soy sauce." You can also go with plain rice ($1.50), coconut rice ($1.75) or brown rice ($1.75). But trust me, you'll want the chicken broth one. I'm not a huge rice eater but when it comes with Hainanese chicken, it's a must.They seem to have a wide selection in their menu going from appetizers, soups, fried noodles, soup noodles, rice dishes, poultry, pork, beef, vegetarian options, casseroles, sizzling platters, seafood, lobsters and dungeon crabs. They also have dessert options and beverages including wine and beers. In addition, lunch special is from Mondays to Fridays (11am-4pm), served with their soup of the day. It's so spacious inside, layout is somewhat in a "L" shape. I saw some servers cleaning vegetables in the back with some others taking cat naps where it's not really visible from the front of the restaurant. I noticed while walking to their restroom, which is located in the far back, straight down from the entrance.Overall, they have a wide selection, good service, lots of seating and reasonable prices. Only downside is that it's cash only. Nonetheless, I'll definitely come back again.
Service-4Food-4Value-5Ambiance-4Easy breezy 10 min wait on a Thursday night. Nice open, clean interiors..The menu is varied with pictures- got to love that!We put in our order quickly for the ever-popular Roti Canai, chicken satay Roti temur and coconut drink.The main course is a challenge as this is one time I feel the choice is one too many! We zero in on Masak Lemak, fried rice, crab and sizzling noodle. Must say that everything is fresh and flavorful; the chicken Masak lemak is a disappointment as it has a sweetness and fishy taste that I did not expect. The fried rice, sizzling noodle is good; the winner is crab though.. 4 crabs in nice brown spicy Masala- I love everything about the dish- the size, taste, texture and spice. A little cumbersome to eat but worth the effort!For dessert we get the coconut pudding- served in a fresh coconut- very light but not satisfying. The second dessert was a winner- it is a peanut pancake with ice cream- 100 percent satisfaction .. $120 with tax and tip is a great deal in NYC. Just Go for it .
I was not terribly impressed with my dish. The sauce I found was unfortunately bland and the pork had grizzel. Service was rushed and sporadic. I thought though this might have been my misunderstanding I was supposed to get soup with my lunch special. My companion also received his dish 10 minutes before I did
Another one of my stables since living in New York. I think part of the reason is also because it's so darn close to me so I can walk over and grab something whenever I don't feel like exploring other restaurants. The food is good and solid and the price is decent compare to other Asian Fusion restaurants. Something to keep in mind, they ONLY accepts cash. There is an ATM machine outside of the restaurant but not sure if it works, but if anything there's also a Chase branch down the block so you won't be shit outta luck!
So recently, a Mama friend asked me if I wanted to go on a Malaysian food adventure with our respective families. Well, heck, yeah.  'Cause I'll say 'yes' to pretty much any request that involves the words 'Asian' and 'Food.'  And c'mon, don't get me on technicalities.  'Aysian' is close enough.  Anyway, we were in a big group, which for me, tends to mean I am less focused on the food, but will try to at least remember the standout dishes we ordered.  For better or worse: A big winner at our table was the tender Beef Rendang, essentially a stew with a lovely, rich curry gravy.  Fried Squid and Fried Tofu Satay were also hits.  Everyone, except yours truly loved the Roti Canai; I thought it was too thin and dry.  Crispy Garlic Chicken was well, crispy, but I think Congee Village delivers better in terms of garlic flavor.  And oh yeah, unless you like fishy tasting shrimp-infused bean sprouts wrapped in a soggy, warm steamed pancake you should probably steer clear of the Poh Piah.  We also got some sort of forgettable Noodle dish and a Sizzling Beef Platter that didn't make much of an impact.  Roti Telur, filled with egg, was just okay too, and kind of bland.  In fact, I think the menu describes at least some of the dishes that we ordered as being 'hot  spicy,' and we encountered none of that. And I wanted to! Fwiw, the kid ordered a Bubble Tea and when Mama asked if they could make it less sweet, server said it was pre-made.  Needless to say, it was too sweet and on top of that, the boba were mushy.  Bubble Tea connoisseurs steer clear.On a Saturday night, this place was PACKED. This made the efficient, attentive service we encountered all the more impressive. Food overall was more like 3 stars, but I loved the energy of this place.  Plus it's strategically located near tons of post-dinner Ice Cream spots, including Ferrara, right next door.  Though we wound up at Taiyaki for Japanese Soft Serve in a warm, waffle-like fish-shaped cone.  We also spotted a minor-ish celebrity.  Yo, Maggie Gyllenhaal, say 'hey' to your bro, Jake from me.  Ultimately, I'd definitely come back, especially for a big group dinner.  I'd just order a bit differently next time.ps  They take reservations for parties of 9 or more.double ps  Like everyone says, CASH ONLY.
Came here on a Friday night to find a large crowd waiting out front. However, we only waited about twenty minutes before we were seated (as a party of two it wasn't too hard to do). Something to note, you will have to be assertive with the waitstaff, especially during busy times. I am lucky to have a partner who will do just that. However, the table next to us sat down when our first dishes were coming out and didn't order until we got our check. We ordered a number of the best dishes including the Hainese chicken. However, my favorite was the pork belly with taro. It was sweet and starchy with fantastically soft pork belly. The restaurant has an upscale feel with a high-density layout. Be ready for a large crowd but it is certainly worth while. Malaysian food is worth seeking out and is a good alternative to Chinatown and Little Italy nearby. I certainly recommend Nyonya.
Came here with my boyfriend for a quick and easy solid birthday dinner. We got the Hainese chicken with rice as our go to, solid, delicious plate as well as the hokkien char mee. Both were as expected - flavourful and at a good price point. We also adventured and got the taro and pork belly, which was his favorite. The pork belly was super moist and flavourful, but I actually enjoyed the taro more, which is rare. Overall, a great dish. We had an ABC ice to end for dessert, and it was standard as well.I would give them a 5 star but they're notorious for poor service - our dishes were forgotten on two separate occasions.
I have no clue why this place is highly rated. It's located on a Main Street in NYC and if you weren't sure from the Zagat stickers and looked at the decent Yelp reviews, you would think it's worth trying. It's not. The shrimp is all frozen and not fresh at all. The Hainan chicken was ok but mainly soy sauce flavors. The roti bread was the best thing but you can't be full from that. The tables and chairs were slightly sticky but the food was nothing to recommend. They seat almost everyone near the window so it looks like they are busy and they aren't really. They are cash only but I wouldn't be surprised if they are out of business in a few years. The neighborhood is gentrifying so it may turn into a French place or a diner. Wait for the new place.
Nyona sure knows how to satisfy my Malaysian cravings! Unfortunately, LA doesn't really have Malaysian food... I used to come here with my fam as a youngin' (reminiscing). Anywho, my bf and I were in town and we met with a few of my gf's. I was the only experienced Nyona eater and my Caucasian peeps LOVED it. We got to the restaurant around 6:30 PM on a Friday and got a number. We waited for about half an hour to be called in for our table. Note, try to get here early or prepare to be part of the massive groups waiting outside.Atmosphere: B   loud, bustling, busy, packed, aromatic, nicer décorFood: A+  We ordered Roti Canai,Vegetable Spring Rolls, Fried Dumplings, Hainanese Chicken, Young Chow Fried Rice, Beef Chow Fun, and Shrimp String Beans Malaysian Style. I always order the Roti Canai, it's my favorite type of roti and together with curry is PERFECTION.The vegetable spring rolls and friend dumplings were yummy and basic. The Hainanese Chicken was delicious. I always love their sauces together; a little sweet, sour, and tangy. The young chow was and beef chow fun were delicious but you could get this at other Chinese restaurants, btw. The waiter warned us of the "Shrimpy flavor" of the string beans but we enjoyed the dish anyway! Basically, there was barely any leftovers because everyone loved the food.Service: A+  They gave us their recommendations, opinions, and they were not mad or showing us any frustrations when my bf knocked over his beer twice... The food came in a timely matter, with the appetizers first instead of all at once. The waiters could crack a smile but very rarely do you see a smiling Asian restaurant worker. I would be back in a heartbeat because the food is lip smacking good. YUM YUM.
Came here with a party of 10 to celebrate an engagement. We were able to make reservations because it was such a large group and good thing we did! It is a popular restaurant so be prepared to wait 15-20 minutes or so. We ordered about 8 dishes  a few plates of roti canai to share family style. No complaints. The roti was crispy and the curry had really good flavor. The prices are very very reasonable too. Curry spare ribs  hainanese chicken were all highlights. Nasi lemak is also delicious! This place has BYOB but it is a $13 corkage fee. Probably goes without saying because of all the other reviews, but this place is CASH ONLY!!
Started out with spring rolls.  They were delicious and the sauce was great. I had the Indian Mee Goreng which is Indian style stir-fried egg noodles. I think that was the best noodle dish I ever tasted. I didn't want it to end..lolWe also had the Young Chow fried rice some type of beef dish,I don't remember the name but everything was delicious.Odd thing happened thou. They only served my meal and never served my GF's meal and we never got the fried rice. We started sharing mine thinking the other 2 are on the way. They never came,instead they gave us the check which we were charged for the 2 we never received. I didn't take off any stars for this because they were apologetic and friendly. They quickly brought out the other 2 so we ate our meal in 2 parts instead of everyone's meal coming out together.
If you want Malaysian, this is definitely the spot. My ma and pa used to take me here when I was a yungin' and being the first Malaysian restaurant I've ever been to, they've set the bar really high for other places.This place is located on the border of Chinatown and Little Italy, and with so many other places to eat, Nyona can be pretty easy to miss. However if you stop by, you'll be glad you did. The place looks small from the outside, but when you walk in, you'll be surprised by how big it really is. The seats are pretty close together so it can feel crowded if they get busy. There's seating available for small and large group. When I went, we got a nice seat with a window view. You can come here for a casual meal, but this is one of those nicer restaurants. The lighting is dim, but the place looks clean as far as I can tell. The food is amazing. The menu is huge and can be a little overwhelming if this is your first time and have never has Malaysian. However, I've had a lot of their items and can tell you you'll be safe with almost anything you pick. The ingredients are fresh has the perfect amount of seasoning. The owner of the place is actually Malaysian and I've heard that some of their ingredients are shipped from Malaysia (don't know if this is true but I believe it). Most items are $10+ so it's no cheap eat, but definitely very fair for the quality you are getting.The service was pretty average. Not bad, but nothing special to say about it.Conclusion: if you've never been here, you're missing out.
Super impressed with the service last weekend at one of my go-to restaurants in Chinatown(after-MoCA lecture dinners, inexpensive but impressive tasty  remodeled place for a date, roti canai, beef chow fun,  milk tea cravings). Went for a late Sunday lunch, was like eating at an auntie's place. Before I finished telling the bleached blonde host "Table for 2," in one sweep he slides the podium over, grabs my suitcase out of my hand and puts it in the corner, slides it back. At the table we're too busy catching up, while 3 different waiters-as they were walking by- stops and ask if we're ready to order. The beef  coconut rice  seafood tofu curry noodle soup come in what seems under 10minutes. Halfway through dinner, while I'm scooping soup into our bowls, the little ladle falls on the floor. Before friend says "We should ask for a new one." A young kid waiter is trying to reach from it from my friends blind spot, while an auntie type, carrying glasses of water try to reach for it too. The young kid's arm comes from other side and grabs it, the auntie continues along with her waters. Another waiter pops up with a new ladle immediately. Wow! And our bill came to $11 eachDidn't know about Cantonese in Malaysia before discovering this place. It's that southern charm Oh  highly recommend: Curry Mee with Young Tau Foo(spicy  savory) $8.50, Fried Pearl Noodles $8.50 (think it's GF?), Indian Mee Goreng $8.50 Hainanese Chicken with Rice $7.25
I've been coming here for years now. I really like some of their dishes, and some are ehh, not so great as in there's nothing special about it. My boyfriend and I came here for late Saturday lunch, we ordered the usual Hainanese chicken and kang kung belancan. Since he wanted to try something new, we also got the Thai bean curd, which is just regular tofu. Hainanese chicken: very tender and flavorful, we usually get 1/4 or 1/2 of the chicken. It's in a sweet soy sauce base, and there's a plate of hot sauce that's a bit sweet on the side. The combination is very good, a classic transitional Malaysian dish. Kang Kung Belancan: thin green leafy vegetable with shrimp paste mixed in, spicy and tangy, very delicious! Thai bean curd: ehh, nothing special about it. Just bean curd with some salty sauce, I'll pass. Overall, we will try something new next time but will keep getting the kang kung belancan!
I waited like 15 mins for the half chicken to go but I only got so little of the soy sauce.  Common!  I paid $12 for it.  Is soy sauce that expensive nowadays?
Nyonya, located right where Little Italy  Chinatown meet (specifically next door to Margherita Pizzeria Napoletana and 2 doors down from Ferrara Bakery). I came by here on a Sunday evening around 6 pm for dinner with my husband, my cousins and their son.When we arrived, my cousin, his wife and their son already got a table (but had just gotten there a few minutes before us). It was busy but I did see 1 or 2 tables still free. But during our meal, it was packed with a line waiting to eat. Anyways, after looking over the menu, we ended up ordering:Roti Prata, $3.95 prior to tax- We got 2 orders of this so that there was enough for our group of 5. Roti (Indian style tortilla) with curry flavored sauce is a nice beginning to a delicious meal. Wished there was more roti with this dish, but did like the curry sauce and the small pieces of chicken found in the sauce.Kang Kung Belacan, $11.95 prior to tax- Tasty greens that had flavors from shrimp paste, really complement well. Great portion that is served family style. But did sit in a pool of liquid and oil. Chicken Broth Flavored Rice- Our sever asked us what type of rice we would like, as each patron is able to get one at no additional charge. You can pick from white rice, chicken broth flavored or brown. Although I love brown rice, I just had to order the chicken broth flavored because I was ordering hai nan chicken. This rice had a faint yellow hue to it and tasted delicious. The chicken flavored broth was pronounced in each delicious bite and wished I had more right now as I write this review. Sarang Burong, $14.25 prior to tax- My cousin's wife suggested ordering this and said it would be worth trying. I thought it was a pretty good dish. This dish is composed of fried taro as the base, in which it is topped with shrimp, chicken, corn, peas, mushrooms and cashews. The sauce, meat, assorted vegetables was a nice topping to this fried taro concoction. Unique but tasty dish. But somewhat a small portion.Hainanese Chicken, $8.25 prior to tax- I love hai nan chicken and my cousin suggested coming here for that. I thought the chicken was pretty good and almost nearly as good as a place back at home from where I am from that is known for their hai nan chicken. I think you are given quite a bit for the portion and price of this entree. It is served with the sweet and sour like sauce but wished garlic and oil, along with soy sauce was automatically served with this dish too. A great size for each person at our table to have some. Curry Spare Ribs, $12.50 prior to tax- My husband opted to order this, making sure that there would be enough food for everyone at the table and also to add some additional variety to the items we ordered. The curry sauce tasted the same that was served with our roti appetizer (Roti Prata, $3.95 prior to tax). I really liked the rich flavor of the sauce. The ribs were meaty and also full of flavor. I also liked the potato served with this dish. --------------------------------(Total= $59.72 after tax, prior to tip)Service was attentive and wait time for food wasn't too long. Our server did check back with us during our meal and also helped to take a family photo during our time here. I can see why people are waiting for tables here because Nyonya is excellent for Malaysian food. If I was in New York again, I would definitely come back here. By the way, the restrooms are in the very back of the restaurant. The ladies' restroom was decent upon this visit.
It's probably one of the only places you can get Malaysian/Singaporean type cooking here in NYC. It's decent for what you can find here in NY. It is way better to come here with someone who knows their way around the menu. Get the coconut pudding dessert because it's so good!
Loved this place!  There was a wait for a table on a Thurs night around 7:30, but the line moves fast since this restaurant has plenty of seating!  You really can't tell how big this place is from the inside.  Good for big groups, as they have several big round tables. Service is not overly friendly, but not rude either. It's all business since they are quite busy.  Food is served pretty quickly!My only big complaint is the noise level - it is ridiculous!!  Granted, the place is huge and there are lots of people but there were only two of us dining and we had to yell at each other to be heard.  They seriously need to install some sound absorbing material throughout the restaurant.  Simple to do and will greatly lower the noise level.   Food is very reasonably priced and delicious!  There was two of us dining tonight, and we had the below menu:~ Pearl Noodles ($8.50) - never had anything like this before!  it was really tasty and flavorful.~ Crispy Garlic Chicken ($14.50) - although tasty, I found it a little overcooked and dry.~ Shrimp with lady fingers ($11.95) - I generally don't even like okra but this dish is fantastic!  This is the only way I'll eat okra!Their menu is HUGE....with pics!!  I will definitely go back to try some other dishes.  Highly recommended!
This is my go to place for lunch every now and then if I'm craving for kangkung and garlic chicken which is an excellent combo ( plus brown rice ). However the food takes awhile to be served at times and they do run out of kangkung too. Nevertheless, the servers are polite. The bathroom is not that great.
Love love love love their garlic chicken! But last time I went it was sold out one tear.I definitely recommend the garlic chicken and there is another birds nest it's deep fried taro inside is chicken and veggies it's also super amazing dish!If you guys are a fan of peanut butter I recommend the peanut pancake
My favorite Malaysian restaurant in NYC. Cannot get enough of their food. I usually go there at least once a week.
Authentic southeast Asian flavors with reasonable price. Every dish we ordered was really delicious.
Perfectly cooked in texture and flavor. Would highly recommend for those who love shrimp taste and curries.
I have been here many times and every time the service had been wonderful. But I went there the other day and it was extremely busy, per usual. Except the only difference this time was that there was a younger guy working the front cashier. He was AWFUL! He did not know how to multi-task. It took him 25 minutes before he took my take out order and then took another 25 minutes before I actually got my order. I ordered a beef curry on rice, simple enough. When I got home, there was a mountain of rice and 4 pieces of beef. So I spent close to $8 on a few pieces of beef and a mountain of rice. This place is overprice and overrated. That is probably a sign for me to stop coming here and find myself a new Malaysian restaurant to go to.
Try their amazing Bak Kut Teh and the fish noodles soup..... I used to go to Wok Wok so much and it's time for a change..... Can't wait to try the other dishes here!!!!!!
Everything good except Nasi Lemak. Didnt taste like Nasi Lemak at all. Otherwise service portion sizes and pricing are all
I LOVE this place. I've heard a lot of good things about it from my Singaporean friends as one of the most legit Singaporean food places in the area, but never got the chance to try it until recently. Cash only!! My friend and I stopped by around Saturday noon for lunch and the place was pretty empty. I guess New Yorkers just get up late since by the time we left around 1:30 or so, there was a line. Overall, I think this place is probably pretty good if you order anything, but if you know what typical Singaporean dishes are, you can have a pretty spectacular experience here. I was lucky  that my Singaporean friend taught me how to order well so all the dishes were amazing. I found the dishes here to be just as authentic as when I had first tried everything in Singapore.We got the roti canai, bak kut teh, chicken rice, and Malaysian spare ribs. YUM. Everything was delicious. The roti canai and the curry that came with it was perfect. The curry was super delicious and flavorful. Bak kut teh is one of my favorite soups. They have a ton of meat with their's, but it's so delicious. It's basically an herbal pork based broth soup. The bottom of the soup is a little sickly sweet, but the rest of it is fine. Chicken rice is also a Singaporean must -- the Hainanese chicken seems to get mixed reviews so we just got the rice itself which is basically rice cooked in chicken broth. And the Malaysian pork spare ribs were delicious. We actually probably didn't need that dish since we didn't realize there would be so much meat in the soup. The pork in the soup is okay, but we ended up not having it. Final price came out to be about $40 for two which isn't too bad since I felt like we got a considerable amount of food. Service is pretty quick and efficient, and they leave you alone which I appreciate. We kinda sat around and reveled in our food coma and no one really hurried us out. tldr; an amazing place for delicious authentic Singaporean food -- good prices, amazing food, I'd come here all the time if I were in the city
Cery good and amazing variety of Malay, Chinese foods, drink.  Well priced. CLEAN and will be back!
Been going here for years... food is excellent and prices are great but portions are kind of small.  Overall one of my favorite asian restaurants in NYC
Nyonya has always had a huge tourist presence due to the close proximity of Little Italy. The location of restaurant is a great area, it captivates both the Chinese and Italian community easily with its upscale store front. This is literally one of the only Malaysian restaurants in Chinatown. Everyone I know basically refers to this restaurant as the Malaysian restaurant on Grand street, and we all instantly know which place we are talking about.Being a frequent customer, I would like to introduce you all to the Seafood Scrambled Egg Chow Fun for those that have never had it before. It is not the normal dish you usually have at a restaurant. It is a very saturated dish that sits in a scramble egg with seafood and chow fun, and vegetable. Every bite is very moist in flavor, which I really enjoy because of how easily everything is when chewing it all down. It eliminates the feeling of always having to cleanse your thirst while taking a bite of your food. I absolutely appreciate the fact that the shrimp is deshelled. To also perk up the flavor of this dish, ask for some sweet peppers on the side and eat it with every single bite you take!!! - it's not spicy at all ( I cannot eat spicy) In addition, I decided to try out the Seafood Tom Yam soup. I was actually pretty excited for this as I really enjoy tom yum soups, but I was slightly disappointed for my own liking. If you have ever tried tom yum soups, it is a spicy and sour soup. I felt like this specific soup I got from here was very strong and salty. Maybe if it was a bit diluted, it would have had the perfect taste. It was so salty that only a few slips were enough for me. Based on the coloring as well, it was very pigmented. As everyone speaks of, the Roti Canai, it is absolutely amazingggg! Sometimes I wonder how can a simple dish be so captivating to all....
Pad thai; SPICY, VERY SPICY. Barely able to finish a bite, end up taking it go and giving it to my brother to finish. Roti Canai is the only thing worth ordering for me :( This place is cash only. Came here on a weekend, late evening, still packed but was seated right away.
If I'm not in the mood for soup dumplings in Chinatown then I opt for Malaysian. The pearl stir fried noodles are the bomb. It's a hit or miss for a lot of people. Really depends on what kind of noodles you like. I prefer the chewy and thicker texture. The roti is great for an appetizer. Not enough to share so make sure you get a few for the table.
We used to go to this restaurant a lot. My husband and I decided to come here for dinner yesterday and ordered a bunch of dishes. We ordered the two appetizers, Indian pancake and the fried squid balls. The Indian pancake was okay. I wished it had more dipping sauce to it. The fried squid balls was okay too. It was made differently and the extra part of the flour that was fried. We ordered half of garlic chicken (not enough of the garlic flavor- it was bland), yam pot (fried taro part was not made as a pot but a wall), watercress with bean curd sauce (not salty at all) and the Malaysian sweet and sour pork (not enough flavor). The food was surprisingly disappointing. The food were either bland but the presentation of the food was nicely presented. We also ordered the Pulut Hitam dessert to go. Brought it home to eat it and it was very liquidity. Not enough of the black sticky rice and it was very sweet.My husband and I felt like the restaurant for the food went down hill. I don't see myself coming back for a very long time. The positive part of the restaurant was that the waiters were very attentive.
I sat down and left immediately when I saw a half-eaten dead fish in the tank. It made me shudder. I would never eat here, ever.
Decent Malaysian food, good portions, bad service. Get the prawn mee here! Also cash only.
My go to Malaysian restaurant the one in 8th ave does not compare. What I usually order after coming to this restaurant for more than 15 years now.Seafood and seaweed soup -we add soft tofu for extra 2 dollars family size and so tasty perfect for me and my toddler.Roti prata- super buttery and much thicker than the usual roti canai every one else ordersSpicy squid tentacles - ordered this by mistake but what a delicious mistake! Have not stopped ordering it afterwards perfect drinking snackThai chicken -white meat so we can just be lazy and shovel the meat and sauce downSeafood scrambled egg chow fun- sub with beef instead of seafood and just as goodCurry mee with young tofu - seriously my favorite that coconut curry broth is so delicious and the fried tofu skin soaking up that soup broth is just wonderful.Comfort food at it's best.
Been going here for a few years now and every year it gets busier and busier. There will be days when you have to wait a good half hour to be seated (not unless you know someone inside). The food is always worth it. Very tasty and cheap for New York standards. My fave is is NyoNya Dried Curry Squid and Beek Rendang.
One of my favorite Asian restaurants in NYC!! Everything is good but would recommend the roti, beef rendang and morning glory vegetable. The curry soup with tofu is also great. We also got the fried prawn dish and it was a tad too sweet for my liking. Will definitely be back to try more things on the menu. Super delicious and authentic Malaysian food!
Nyonya has solidly earned an extra star!  Tried their chicken wings and the raved about Beef Rendang.  My good GOD were those some of the most DIVINE (see what I did there?! ;-) wangs I have had in a LONG time!  Tender, juicy, PERFECTION in the seasoning department, just the right amount and kind of sticky, and that sweet onion chutney!!!And then there was that beef.....I gave it some side eye when I first saw how much I received for the price I paid....until I did that first fork pull of that tender, though still a bit of firm, nailed temperature beef....and that AMAZING curry.....which paired so well with the coconut rice as to get a "goodt Godt DANGIT!" from me!Ohm to the frickin' NOM, y'all!!!!!  Get up in this ish!!!!!
Stopped by here for dinner and have heard this place is good for their Hainanese chicken.Seating was quick and service was prompt. There are Cash Only signs all over the restaurant. At the front door, the register, the walls and the menu.....they must really like cash!The Hainanese chicken wasn't as good as I expected. I still prefer my go to spot on Bowery for hainan chicken.Other then that the grass jelly drink, the bean curd watercress and roti canai was tasty.
I have spent a significant amount of time in Malaysia, in the Kuala Lumpur area (Selangor), and I have, as a result, fallen in love with many types of Malaysian food, particularly all of the rotis.I have eaten here many times over the past 6 years during my stays in lower Manhattan,, and have always enjoyed my meals here. I have also brought a great many out-of-town visitors and guests here over the years, and no one has been dissatisfied with the food. For me, this is a solid 4-star source of good Malaysian food. I cannot give it 5 stars, simply because on every single visit, the servers have been rather distracted and inattentive, and have often forgotten to fulfill certain requests until I have reminded them or the nearest available server in the area. The servers are not necessarily unfriendly or rude, but rather they are simply very poorly trained and not very attentive, nor aware, and at times they are overly-busy.While I have eaten a wide variety of dishes here at this restaurant, my favorite is the various rotis.BTW, I have seen some other reviewers complain because of the fact that this restaurant is cash only, but that fact has never bothered me at all. In any case, this policy is clearly posted, and the notices to this effect are visible to all who enter the business.
Great food for cheap! Not oily and very good portion sizes. I just wish that the waiters would be a little bit more attentive.
Went there to try the food based on yelp reviews. There were some bad reviews but I ignored them. I know there might be days where its busy and service might be slower... So I decided to give them a shot. Mistake number one. Arrived at the restaurant and was sat immediately... not bad. Quick seating for party of two. We sat down and waited for 30 mins till I asked for service. Mind you this restaurant had a few empty tables so they were not busy by any means. I ordered the Hainanese Chicken and my gf ordered the Nasi Lemak along with Malaysian ice tea, along with two appetizers. The two appetizers came, we finished the appetizers and the Malaysian ice tea still didn't come...  I thought maybe they were saving it for the entree? My gf's Nasi Lemak came and I told her to go ahead and start thinking that they probably went to get my dish...20 mins passed by and I'm wondering where are they getting this dish? Were they driving to the chicken farm to get a fresh new chicken for my dinner?! 30 MINS go by and then I wave to the waiter... "sir we ordered at the same time... do you know where my food is?" He goes to check and never come back to tell me anything. 10 mins later I wave to another waiter, who shush me and just told me to wait... At this point I'm pretty hungry and my gf's done with her food. The Malaysian ice tea comes and still no word on my food. This is madness. However good the food is... definitely horrible service. IF the waiters can't do their jobs... get more waiters to help... or get new ones. During that one hour of waiting I was able to observe the waiting staff. They're all over the place. No organization. Everyone is just randomly inviting customers to sit down and going off to do their own thing. There is no follow up with the service. They should just organize it in zones. One waiter handles a certain zone and stick to it so there is no confusion. I must've had 5 different waiters for my table. A different one for drinks, a different one for ordering, a different one for dropping the food off, a different one to check on my order, and a different one for the bill. Basically every time we needed something we had to ask the waiters and they just shushed us and told us to wait. RUDE. How this place is running is beyond me. There is no organization. I definitely would not be going back nor will I recommend this place to my friends. I guess I don't get VIP treatment since I'm not a regular.
Popular amongst tourists and locals, Nyonya serves up authentic Malaysian and Chinese cuisines alike. Being that I frequent New Malaysian restaurant (also in Chinatown), I was somewhat familiar with some of the dishes offered and I knew what to expect. I wanted to try something healthy and not too heavy on my visit there a while back ago. I settled for the haianese chicken because it was just plain chicken with coconut rice with a side of garnishes and ginger. It wasn't bad. The chicken was a little on the dry side though. The shaved ice desserts that are offered here are also popular. The ice comes with different toppings depending on what you order. I had the popular ABC ice which came with jellies, corn and sweet condensed milk. Overall, I was satisfied with my experience here. Food, ambiance, service and vibe were all great. Would I come back? Sure. (Even though I think this place is slowly turning into a tourist trap).
Very interesting dishes! Everything on the menu looks fantastic and my friends all had different things that I wanted to try.
In New York for 1 week we came back to this AWESOME restaurant twice. The food, the service, and the atmosphere ALL 5 stars!!!We ordered pearl noodle in Clay pot, fried pearl noodle, prawn mee, pancake w/curry, singapore noodle, house special noodle, fried intestines, and Hainan Chicken.  All the dishes were full of flavor, noodles not over cooked, perfect size portion. Attentive staff, water cups always full and bottomless tea refill, and the food comes out FAST.If we are ever in NY again, this will be our first stop!!
Food is good. But it's a cash only place. Waiter cleaned the whole table before we even leave. They automatically changed us 18% of tip.
This is my favorite Asian restaurant in town. 100% authentic Malaysia food. Not street type but delicious dishes. Order Hainan chicken every time. Love the food. Keep the work
Reducing my Yelp rating by a star and posting the review on Google. We were there the other day. We're lowering our rating based largely on service issues. So, yes It's still cash only which is ridiculous. Are they trying to avoid paying income tax? Sure make the rest of us pay more. The government should audit them!  Cash only is typical Chinatown bs. Food tastes good though. Service not good or personal. Always feels like they're in a hurry to give you the bill and turn the tables over. Man that check comes out fast and they don't bother to tell you that you need to walk up to the register to pay. It's a noisy place. Large in the back but pretty noisy. I don't know. The food is good but the service is very quick and impersonal.Barely sat down and looking at the menu and one person says are you ready. We said, "no we just got here".  We were obviously still looking at our menus. We didn't even have water on the table yet. When they seated us... then said that was not our intended table and we had to move to a table we didn't like. Probably servers fighting over tips. That's bs. Once you're brought to a table, they should not ask you to move. We shouldn't have gone to the worse table. I can still taste the msg. Why is that chemical so important in making Asian food taste good? It's gross for days afterwards.
OMG! Who knew you could get such great food at such a great price in NYC. Just the thought is driving me wild. I went here with my partner and and we had such a great time. The staff made us feel taken care of and set the mood for a wonderful day. If you like spicy food or just want to spice things up in your life this is a great spot.
The food is tasty here, the portion sizes are huge, and it's pretty darn cheap for what you get. Love the chicken broth rice, and the veggie clay pot curry. Classics like hainanese chicken and roti canai are well done, and I've also enjoyed whatever random dishes I've tried. I hated the ABC dessert but would not deduct a star. Somehow I always end up bringing people here and they are usually happy.Service is on par with typical Asian restaurants - efficient and brusque. It's a cash only place so stop by an ATM first! But you don't need too much... just went with a party of 11 and it was about $200 with everyone very satisfied.
my Malay friend brought me over and it was great! guaranteed authentic ;) I love the coconut rice (the rice part) and the hainanese chicken rice  (the rice part again lol~)only downside is cash only.
Oh I love this place. This is a very solid 4.25 joint. (I like to be specific with my numbers.) It is huge and spacious. So if you have a large party, do no fret and invite everybody and their grandmas. In fact, the more the merrier here because you can order many entrees (huge menu) and share it family style. I haven't ordered anything here that I was disappointed with, yet.My favorite combo is beef randang with coconut rice.tldr: come with your whole family. It's delicious.
Super cheap and super delicious. Get the roti for appetizer and treat yourself with a shrimp noodle soup. I got a side of rice for the soup too and everything was so flavorful and so cheap!!! Service was amazing too. Wish there were more of these kind of restaurants. Delicious!
Nyonya is a place that we constanlty keep going back to.  Everything in their menu is good.  But my favorite here is the roti canai, kang kung (veggie) and garlic chicken.  Their menu is extensive but everything i have tried has been good.  The Hainanese Chicken and crispy noodles are also excellent.  It is never a gamble to eat here.  What you order will be delicious and will make you come back over and over again.
When it comes to Malaysian food, you be hard pressed to find another go-to place that has the type of robust menu and efficiency that Nyonya does. Clean and spacious are not qualities that you often equate with Malaysian establishments, but in this case it is definitely applicable. Prices remain very reasonable over the years, and the quality of the food speaks for itself. The roti canai and oyster omelets are favorites, while the crab and prawn dishes are surprisingly good. I never thought Malaysian style seafood dishes would be so well-flavored. With that, I do strongly recommend visitors avoid shopping or attending parties after eating here. The food smell from the amazing dishes does have the unfortunate side effect of sticking onto your clothes.
I have been a long and loyal customer of Nyonya, even prior to its moving from across the street. I have to say that the food here is satisfying and have been consistent throughout the years. For that, they have earned themselves a two star review. The prices here have increased steadily over the years, which I understand due to inflation and such. However, as a customer I feel that I have been ripped off. When my vegetable dish came, it was quickly devoured in mere minutes and it wasn't because it was mouthwatering good. It was because of the portion size. To be paying $12 for a small portion of the Kang kung belacan is quite ridiculous considering I can finish that plus an entree on my own. In addition to the overpriced dishes, the staff members there not only got my orders wrong once but three times. I ordered the salted fish fried noodle with no beansprouts (because I'm allergic) and waited for a good twenty minutes before getting a seafood fried noodle (without beansprouts). Clearly it wasn't what I wanted since it wasn't what I ordered, so of course I sent it back to the kitchen. Not long after I got my order..the salted fish noodle with loads and loads of beansprouts. I didn't say anything. I should've, but I wasn't going to sit and wait for another dish to come, besides everyone else was more than halfway done with their meal. So I sucked it up and handpicked almost every piece of beansprout there was and continued with my meal. Towards the end of my meal I ordered a beef ren dang with yellow rice. Got the beef ren dang but no rice. So I informed them. They quickly took care of my order but of course they didn't give me the yellow rice, instead I got the white. So now my sister is disappointed with her food. Now I didn't write this review because of one bad experience, it was time and time again that urged me to write this review. Nyonya, it's time to get it together, but until then I think it's time to seek out my next favorite Malaysian restaurant.Oh and I had forgotten to mention, in terms of drinks you're probably better off getting it from elsewhere. I was charged $4.50 for a longan ice. Drink was straight from the canned syrup with added water and some ice. Not worth it at all.
Good place for Malaysian food! My friend and I shared half a Hainan chicken and a char kueh teow and we got our own roti canai. Out of the three dishes we got, I liked the Hainan chicken the most. Since it's served cold, it was very refreshing. The chicken itself is very moist and combined with the sauces, it's very tasty. The sauces compliment the chicken well and don't mask the original chicken taste. The char kueh teow was just alright for me. I felt like it tasted too much like beef chow fun. Lastly, you can never go wrong with roti canai. I wish that the curry was a little thicker but that could just be me being nitpicky. They have a pretty extensive menu so I'll be back to try their beef rendang and kang kung belecan. Lastly, Nyonya is CASH ONLY so be sure to hit the ATM before you come.
i just love the food here! so flavorful but sometimes does get a bit too salty though... ordered by phone and they made it wrong. Ordered beef rendang but they gave me chicken, still delicious but man i ordered beef... anyways i can't hate this place.
Consistently good Malaysian food! I have frequented this place a number of times throughout the years but never got around to writing a review...even hosted my Birthday dinner here last year with a large group!Lovee the food here. Some of my favorites are:the roti canai appetizer - really flavorful and great consistency (NOT watery or oily like some places)asam laksa - one of the best renditions of this noodle soup dish I've tasted to date, the only place I've had better is probably Taste Good Malaysian in Elmhurst so definitely top 2 out of the Malaysian places I've tried in Flushing, Chinatown, Los Angeles, and Vegas (which seriously needs a good Malaysian place like Nyonya cause the 2 Malaysian restaurants we have suck but I digress...) If you're not familiar with it and/or not into interesting ethnic dishes, it might not be for you though. Really fishy and sour taste but I personally love it when it is made rightkang kung belachan - aka chinese watercress or cong xin tsai if you speak mandarin. The vegetable itself is only available certain seasons unfortunately so they may not have it in the winter. They cook it with super flavorful seasonings. Lovee this dish.char kway teoh (sp?) - fried noodle dish, spicy and full of flavor. I forget exactly what is in it but it is definitely pescetarian friendly so no meat--just seafood and veggies :)
If you're in the area and want something other than Chinese food, this is the place. Their food is delicious and affordable. They usually have a crowd, so be sure to beat the rush. Be sure to get the roti canai, chow kway teow, and the hainanese chicken!
Finally able to remember the name of this amazing restaurant ! Great food and portions. My favorite is the roti canai- to die for ! Likely to return very soon :)
No doubt Nynoya is a popular restaurant in heart of Chinatown given there is usually a wait during dinner rush hours and it attracts a diverse crowd ranging from locals to tourists, Chinese and Americans, and old and young alike. Nynoya, a Chinese-owned Malaysian restaurant, has an extensive menu that is not limited to only Malay dishes. They ambitious attempt to tackle dishes ranging from Malay, Singapore,Thai, Cantonese cuisines - and the result is nothing really impress. Needless to say, Nynoya's popularity eludes me.Spicy Thai chicken is not spicy at all. The chicken is fresh and neatly chopped and presented. This one was an anti-climatic experience, because the intended flavor of this dish is unclear.Nyonya's Hainan* Chicken uses the same chicken as for aforementioned Spicy Thai Chicken except the sauce is different - chili dipping sauce is the gem - made from red chili, garlic, dark soy sauce, ginger. Don't be misled - chili sauce is often not spicy. Having had tried this signature Hainan style chicken at a dozen different places, the flavor and quality of Nynoya's was standard at best. *Hainan is name of a province and an island off the southern coast of mainland China. Many of its residents migrated to Southern Asia including Singapore and Malaysia. Hainan chicken is the dish those Chinese migrants brought overseas and made popular.Malay Buddhist is a mixed of pan fried vegetables recommended for vegetarians. Pineapple fried rice, sizzling beef platter, fish head soup - I'd say taste average but filling - gets the work done for a group lunch or dinner.I'll leave you with two things about Nyonya: Nothing is really spicy. Expect mediocrity and you will not be disappointed.
honestly love this place  rave about it all the time because it tastes like home. the chicken rice is my go to--it never disappoints, and the chicken and steamed fish are both incredible for the price. in my opinion, the roti prata was a little tough, but the thin roti canai was perfect and crunchy. the only thing is that the roti prices are pretty steep for such a small portion, but the other dishes are remarkably affordable for the quality and well make up for it. highly recommend the haianese chicken rice combo, hokkien mee, Nyonya mee, steamed market fish, clay pot tofu, and beef rendang (pair it with veggies and rice!) for entrees. best to go with a couple of friends and eat family style. make sure you get the cendol or ice kacang for desert if it's your first time trying Malaysian food/you want to be adventurous, and iced teh tarik to complete the experience.
I just love this place !Food is amazing , service is good , and it's not expensive at all .Order their dishes in clay , it's just to die for .
Had 1/4 Hainan chicken, roti canai, and clams in chili sauce. Everything tastes really good. It's actually super worth getting 1/2 Hainan chicken, but my sister and I wouldn't have been able to finish it. They give a lot, and the prices are definitely reasonable. Dipping sauce for the roti even had little chunks of meat that they used to make the sauce. I would definitely come here again.
I like it! The roti canai was delicious, I kind of wished that I just ordered two orders for dinner.  The bread was light and slightly crispy and the curry to dip in was great.  I also ordered the hainan chicken.  This was alright, a little on the bland side, but I might be a tough critic since I had some excellent hainan chicken in singapore a few months back.
I don't really see the hype. I've had better food.. ordered three dishes.. one was the fried noodle (#1)  seafood rice (spicy)  champagne ribs.. the taste was okay. The flavor wasn't rich enough for me. The workers were efficient and helpful. The downside is that they only accept CASH.
I have been going to this place for as long as I can remember! Still go for for family dinners.
I always get chicken curry with rice, its very good and hits the spot. Only downside about this place is the cash only policy.
Definitely worth trying! Love the Indian bread, softy taste bread,  puffy, with amazing curry sauce. Also ordered a kind of shrimp with a kind of vegetable with lots of seeds. Pretty good as well.
I love that this place closes late and has such a big menu at all price points. Service is always decent, the place is clean, food is like the photos
I got the Roti Prata, the Nyonya Lobak, and the Nyonya Seafood Rice Noodles.  The prata and the noodles were definitely my favorite dishes.  The noodles were spicy and with ginger too, which was great.  The place was also really affordable--$10-12 can really easily feed one person (including tax and tip).
It is hard to define the culinary boundaries of where Malay-Chinese cuisine begins and where it ends. For now, I simply need to settle for the best of both worlds. Nyonya is a true reflection of its multi-cultural roots, recreated from spices and tastes borrowed from India, China, Singapore, and Malaysia, just to name a few. My favorite is Rothi Canai, a crispy, doughy Indian-inspired flatbread, served with Malaysia chicken curry. Just to quantify how popular this dish is - almost every waiter from the kitchen carries one of them. Clearly, the absence of this dish is likely to bring about an existential crisis so make sure you try it! My other favorites are Hainanese chicken and Chinese spare ribs. They are just classics that I cannot go without. The Hainanese chicken is extremely succulent, never heavy on any kind of sauce, but always full of flavor. I like to generously smother mine in soy sauce across the bottom of the pan. Finally, don't forget to try their satay and curries, they are always buzzed with flavors!
Came here with a friend on a pretty quiet weekday evening, was seated immediately. The food was pretty good (though in my opinion, not as good as Laut, which is the other Malaysian food spot I love). We ordered the roti canai to start -- it was okay, not as fluffy/creamy as stuff I'd had before. The beef rendang was great, very tender and well-flavoured. The chow fun noodles were only okay. Portion sizes are extremely large, and between the two of us we couldn't finish everything, so be aware of that. Service was a little bit slow, but once we beckoned someone over they were very prompt. Overall, would definitely go again, but probably not my first choice for Malaysian food cravings.
After reading about this place, I finally came with a group of friends on a Friday evening. There's often a wait, but we were lucky. As soon as our group of 5 was complete, they sat us immediately on a table by the window. It's a rather informal place, but I didn't find the service to be as rude as other yelpers have complained. They may not be personable, but they're efficient and professional. I have no complaints about them. Kim kept us happy. - Roti canai: a great start; the curry dipping sauce is good indeed. - Spicy crispy squid tentacles: very tasty; they come with a sweet sauce that keeps you asking for more. - Pasembur: appetizer containing jelly fish: the jelly fish has no taste, but it's interesting nonetheless; the dish is captivating and filling. - Nyonya house special squid: the squid is kinda chewy, and the sauce is sweeter than I thought; however, I can see why so many people love this dish... it's like nothing you've eaten before. - Fried pearl noodles: truly great; never had noodles like these... thick and soft at the same time... like giant warms... you have to eat them to really understand my words; very tasty overall... just a phenomenal dish. - Beef rendang: delicious; tender, juicy, literally drowned in mouthwatering curry sauce; a must order for meat lovers.- Coconut and chicken rice: not as flavorful as many say.- Sambal shrimp: I loved this dish, but it's not for everybody... very fishy; the shrimp paste is very strong, but goes perfectly with the rest of the dish; I thoroughly enjoyed it. - Cho kueh mee: Malaysian famous noodles: boring, as compared to the pearl noodles; a huge portion of Malaysian comfort noodles, but a bit plain, though. - Malaysian Buddhist: vegetarian platter not to rave about. Overall, for the quality and quantity of food we ate (and the price we were charged) this place is a fantastic deal. We were satisfied and stuffed. I was initially turned off by the huge menu, but everything we ordered was good, even very good. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes. CASH ONLY.
I always get the prawn mee. If you're a fan just get it and you'll be slurping it to the last spoon!
Always dependable and consistent but at times could be a bit of a wait from the kitchen. Favorites include roti canai (great curry sauce to go), chow guo tiao, and tender Hainan chicken.
It was so yummy! Service was fast and the food was excellent! The place wasnt that crowded and the noise level was great! Definitely coming back again ;)
I've been a patron since we got around on horse and carriage, okay it hasn't been that long. This was one of the places I would hit up while I worked in Chinatown yearrrrs ago. I was pickier then and all I would eat was the chicken flavored rice (used to be called hainanese rice) for less than $3 and the roti canai. (Extra: I would eat the rice with a can of Arizona green tea, I don't drink those anymore, lol). I wasn't always down for chicken on bones especially a steamed chicken on bones. I have tried the hainanese chicken with rice and it was very enjoyable. Chicken is moist and falls easily off then bone, we went with the white meat only option. My staples here are: chicken flavored rice, coconut rice (so coconutty delightful) and the roti canai. For those unfamiliar with roti canai it is a thin pastry (savory not sweet) with a fried buttery flavor served with a Malaysian curry dipping sauce with potato and chicken. (Emphasis on the singularity, as you'll only find a piece of each in the curry sauce). The sauce has a little kick so heads up on that. Today I tried a new dish from the appetizer section. Satay Tofu * crispy fried tofu, stuffed with cucumber and bean sprouts, served with shrimp paste and peanut sauce. We asked to omit the shrimp paste (just not my thang).The satay was enjoyable, a little wet as if they took tofu out of water battered it and fried it. Overall the flavor was satay like peanut sweetness, I'd like to put a little hot sauce on it next time to mix the flavor up. Our waitress seemed disappointed with our order, (just two of us, order 2 of everything but the tofu). We didn't want a lot of food, still was a lot of food. We enjoyed ourselves the service is standard for chinatown they get you your food, and don't bother you. Funny thing was when she brought out chicken rice bowls she brought them from our left, and the kitchen was from the right. We wondered why? She said she would be back with the coconut rice and we watched her return, walk past us and then return back from our left, she was laughing this time, I guess her memory isn't as good as it used to be lol. We all laughed... Good times.
Presentation is fine but the flavor is very blame. I expect rich, bold flavor from Nyonya food but it's just not there. Even the shaved ice is mediocre. Overpriced and overrated. Cash only.
The food is just wonderful! Whenever having Malaysian, the Roti Canai is a must. I love it. Their  Hainanese chicken is delicious. The meat is so tender. You really can't go wrong with that. The rice also has a nice aroma/flavor.What goes well with great food? Great customer service! The staff works fast and is very attentive. I've been to other Nyonya locations before and I honestly think this is the best one.
Free table side tea! Always start with the roti canai! One per person! Then my bf and I split the beef rendang and the pineapple fried rice. Heaven!Cash only so be prepared.
This is a great family style restaurant to go to and not a bad option for a late night munch. On a cool chilly night this was the perfect spot. The Seafood TomYam was packed with a kick and you can taste the sourness. Plenty chunks of seafood and vegetable. A soup definitely will warm you up in an instant.Beef Tripe Noodles- stewed beef tripe in a thin noodle soup. The soup stock was very flavorful. There was plenty of noodles in the soup, so you get your money worth for it. The beef tripe could have been a bit more tender, but it was still okay. Hainanese Chicken- steamed chicken with bone served roomed temperature in a chefs soy sauce and chili sauce. A very tasty and delicious chicken. The chicken was moist, juicy, and flavorful. I liked the chefs soy sauce. It's different and made the chicken taste better. The service is decent. They won't rush you to order and they will refill your water when they see you are half way done with it. Good spot for Malaysian/Chinese food. A good convenient location in Little Italy/Chinatown. Definitely a place to go with a group of friends and go family style. This restaurant only accepts cash.
Absolutely delicious. Fast turnaround here so don't need to wait too long. Every dish we ordered was completely finished, plates wiped clean with na'an. I'll definitely be back!
Solid Southeast Asian food that always has a wait. So many great dishes available - highly recommend.
Nyonya is one of my favorite Asian restaurants in New York. They have an impressive variety of foods and will work with you to meet dietary restrictions. The garlic chicken and beef rendang are a must; we get them every time we go.We went last night for a surprise party, and the staff were very accommodating and helped us to make the night really special.
Started off strong.  Good food, good prices.  But lately it seems pretty mediocre.  The more interesting items only get served on certain days, they cost more and the supply runs out.
Yummy Malaysian food. The wait would have been long on a sunday night but my frienda came early to put their name down. Although they won't seat you unless the while party is present. Since the dishes were a good portion we decided to do family style. We had the taro bowl and spicy curry, half a cold chicken (which was not bloody!!), and some tong choy with some spicy seasoning. My friends had chicken rice which i had a taste of, but I felt the curry tasted best with white rice. Overall i would come again. The food was decent and not too pricey. The food did take a while to come which was understandable since it was a full house.
It's hard to be unbiased when you've actually had Malaysian food in Malaysia, but this place wasn't bad at all, although it wasn't the best version I've had in NYC.The Roti Canai was pretty good as an app, but not as amazing as these other yelpers said it was. I got the Beef Chow Fun as a main, which is basically just flat egg noodles with beef. They definitely skimped out on the protein because as I neared the end of my meal, there was just a ton of noodles left but no protein.Although it's a little annoying that the place is cash only, the prices of the items themselves were pretty reasonable.
Came here on a visit to NY with my husband who recently visited Malaysia and wanted to share the food with me. A friend (who used to live in Malaysia) now turned New Yorker recommended Nyonya.  The prices here are awesome! We had an entire meal with 4 dishes for two people for $35 in NYC! The inside is intimate, tables a bit to close to one another for my liking, but it is New York. We started out with an appetizer of the roti canai, very traditional, basically a hard, thin, bread you pull apart with an amazing curry like dipping sauce.Crispy pork tripe was next. My husband loves ordering things like this, I'm not a big fan, however this was amazing! It was crispy on the outside but moist and flavorful on the side! Hainanese chicken (whole) was next, this was different for me. They do let you know it's room temperature. It was hard for me to get used to the cool temperature of the chicken and it was very fatty and hard to chew. I also didn't noticed much flavor, I had to use the curry sauce from the appetizer to give some flavor. Lastly the beef rendang gave a kick, with some spice! It's more like a stew texture, it goes well mixed with the side of rice. I also noticed there was a lot of regulars in here, as the wait staff already knew what they wanted, they were very attentive to guests. Cash only here!
Really good Malaysian/Chinese food. Only cash which is a bit inconvenient and most of time it's packed and sometimes you have to wait for quite a bit, but I would still say it's worth it so at least check it out once or something. Reasonable price and service too.
It was very good the first time I visited but the second time I went (about 6mo later) it wasn't as good but it was still decent. A crowd is almost guaranteed even on weekdays. Love the char away teow n the hokkien noodles. Ask for hot sauce.
My husband is from Malaysia so it is hard to find a spot that he likes.  Most of the time the food is to expensive because he is used to paying Malaysian prices.  We were visit the city and we had traveled across 1/2 the country so we were wanting so good chinese or Malaysian food.  I consulted yelp and found this place.  We enjoyed it a lot one of the best Malaysian spots outside of Malaysia.  We got fried rice and also Hainese chicken.  I can't remember all the dishes but they were really tasty.  When ever I am back in the city I plan to visit again.  I just wish that the portions were bigger.
I read the yelp reviews about the beef rendang, which was alright. The flavor wasn't as strong as I would have liked. As a pseudo-Malaysian, the food wasn't as authentic as I expected, but it tasted good. I got the cha kuey teow, the noodles weren't as soft as they could have been, but it was still tasty. The roti cani is actually more like roti tissu, if you know Malaysian food, but for the price of 3.95 it was definitely worth it. We were too full for dessert but my fav is usually cendol or ABC.
The place is usually a hit or miss. Unfortunately the last time was the latter. Came in for dinner with the beb and surprisingly the place wasn't that busy.  Ordered the Hainese chicken with rice and chicken pad thai.  After twenty mins of waiting, what came out was 1 plate of Hainese chicken, no rice and a shrimp pad thai. Since our original waiter was no where to be found, we flagged down someone else. While waiting for that order to be corrected, my girl asked another lady who seemed to be a waitress as well bout the rice that came with the chicken. She replied " how many?" and came back with a slow swag and put the bowl of rice down on the table like she was transporting the heart of the ocean. Not a care in the world ( or for her job ), she walked after with a dazed look. The pad thai order finally came back after another 10 to 15 mins. Bingo! It's chicken! But why are there only 3 small pieces in there? lol sigh. My girl sucked it up and just ate it to avoid anymore let downs. We asked for the check from rice lady and I've never seen anyone move that fast since Neo dodging bullets inThe Matrix. If there's one thing you should know about any Asian restaurant in Chinatown, it's that the sound of money makes anyone shake their tail feathers. Not even 30 seconds after the cash was put in the leather folder, Usain Bolt.. I mean rice lady swoops in, says a broken " thank you" half heartily and begins to count her tip. The shitty service, common courtesy and don't give a shit attitude is what really kills this place for me.
Roti Canai is ON POINT. It's a lot lighter and fluffier than the New Malaysia Restaurant on Bowery St. Chicken flavored rice - delicious Cons:The service was a bit slow
NyonyaNY Manhattan Little Italy8pm Friday 31st October 2014Four StarsPlenty of customers were dressed up in Halloween garb including Chung-Li and two pieces of nigiri sitting next to us. Chloe and I drank some tea. We ordered young chow fried rice, Singapore noodles, and rendang chicken. The food came out relatively quick and was inexpensive $32 for the entire meal. The fried rice was hearty with various meat products. The chicken was dry and had little pieces of bone but the curry like sauce was quite tasty. The Singapore noodles were less flavorful than the Cantonese version than I am use to. We couldn't finish the food so we packed it up and gave to a person in need.
Went here last week. The food here is pretty decent but amount of people that come here is crazy! Ordered the nasi lamak, roti canai, beef satay, hainese chicken rice and malaysian tea! Everything was really good but the reason its getting a 3 star instead of 4/5 is because when we ordered the food the waitress said we have to wait 15 minutes and we agreed to that but after ordered they brought in the food in less than 5 minutes! Everything was icy cold! Even the satay and the roti canai! But other than that everything was really good! Hainese chicken rice and roti canai especially was the winner!
I love it here !  My very first time at Nyonya with a friend for lunch. Heard great things about this place and Yelp reviews can't be any more accurate. We ordered roti canai to share and I ordered curry me shredded chicken noodle soup. Was expecting dry shredded chicken but it was the MOST TENDER chicken ever!! I really think they used hainanese's chicken for it. The soup is delicious and noodles are these thick yellow noodles with bean sprouts. The place is big it stretches all the way in, have not ventured back there or their restrooms yet since I sat smack by the window but it looks very clean! Surprised to find a place like this in Chinatown. Service is good and food is great! Will certainly be back for frequent takeouts and dinner!
Decent Malaysian food at amazing prices. Although not my first choice lunch spot, I stop here because it's convenient and fast.I ordered the spicy shrimp soup noodles and we got the roti canai to share. The spicy shrimp soup noodles tasted overwhelmingly of MSG, and was too salty. The ratio of noodles to all of the other ingredients was much too high; I only finished half my bowl as a result. The roti canai was pretty standard, and a good appetizer to share. If you're looking for a quick, cheap eat I'd recommend Nyonya. The restaurant itself is huge so you shouldn't have to wait too long!
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this restaurant! I've been coming to Nyonya since I came to NY in the late 90s. Before this I used to come here with my friends from school. I introduced Malaysian food to some of my American and International friends. I must say that "Char Keow Teow" is people's favorite. So order this dish when you come to Nyonya. It's listed under stir-fry noodle dishes. Most of the servers here have been working at this restaurant for many years and I know some of them by name. They're friendly, fast and equipped. I introduced this restaurant to hubby after we got married  because he likes Asian food and doesn't mind trying some spicy dishes. So we had crabs, spicy and aromatic, satay, boiled squid appetizer, roni canai (great choice), nasi lemak, hainanese chicken rice, char keow teow (excellent!), shrimp dish, vegetable dish and a lot more. So yes, I suggest this restaurant for authenticity. Take note: CASH only! Hubby and I try to come here a few times a year. The price is reasonable and the food is great. I've tried many Malaysian restaurants around the city. We haven't found any better Malaysian restaurant that could beat this one in terms of price and authenticity. In the meantime this will be the place I come to indulge my Malaysian food craving. It's a big place and at the center of Little Italy. So we noticed that a lot of tourists stop in too, not just the locals. They would come here for food and settle with Ferrara next door for desserts. It works out well for those who are on diet! *:)
Ordered roti canai, kangkung, half a hainanese chicken(for only $10!), and indian mee goreng. Everything was tasty but the chicken rice was bland and disappointing. It's a good place to curb my Singaporean food cravings (I'm Singaporean). Well priced, good service.
Malaysian was always my least favorite cuisine in the asian category. My beau decided to prove me otherwise. " You just haven't had good malaysian food that's all." He was right on that one, I really haven't. Growing up my parents and friends would usually get hainanese chicken because it was such an " authentic " malaysian dish. Tonight was all about changes and being adventurous. I shared a popiah and prawn mee with my beau. It's more than enough food for two. Portions are pretty fair. The popiah was really unique my favorite was the sauce. I liked the spring roll wrapper as well, the filling was quite flavorful too. I've never had non fried spring rolls like this except the summer rolls from vietnamese cuisine. Prawn mee was another very unique dish, my favorite was the broth, full of spices, flavorful and great on a cold day. It wasn't spicy at all even though it claimed to be. The egg noodles were great, it wasn't what I expected but it became a happy surprise. I'm really glad Nyonya completely changed my opinion of Malaysian cuisine. It might actually be my new go to now after Japanese (which is always my ultimate favorite.)
Two rice dishes with duck and one roti appetizer for $20 including taxes!  Was the duck really duck?   Who knows? Who cares?  That's an amazing deal to be had anywhere in NYC for dinner.
Quite an amazing place to taste Malaysian food. Rice noodles and vegetarian ducks taste awesome. This is also the first time I tried Hainanese Chicken with seasoned rice. Those dishes were unexpectedly cheap. But please remember to bring cash with you since they don't accept cards
Awesome food. The roti canai is soo good.. Salted cabbage fishhead soup, wow!  The noodle soups are simply put, the bomb.. Excellent curries... beef rangdang mm mmm.. Hiananese chicken with coconut rice - juicy and delish.  Every dish looks and smells amazing and this place gets packed (parties larger than 2 people expect a wait). Inexpensive prices for the quality and quantity of the food. Efficient and helpful servers. Can't wait to return!
LOVE this place! Such flavorful food and reasonable prices. Never had to wait for long to get a table. Prompt service.You have got to order the Roti Canai. It is simply amazing. P.S. Cash only
Stumbled across this place while waiting for daughter to finish shopping. Totally awesome food. Understandably busy.
Got the roti telur, prawn mee, and masak lemak. Portions are great for the price, and the food was good as well (esp. the masak lemak)! The entrees were a bit too salty though, and the roti telur was tasteless (although it really is just egg and onions, so I guess it tastes like it should(?)) - would recommend trying other appetizers though, based on other reviews!
I have never seen wait staff as attentive and polite as this restaurant. I'm mind blown. Food was prices well and delicious. I recommend the roti canal and the beef rendeng. Don't get the single serving one, get the regular size. The smaller size that comes with rice is too small to make you full. It comes with like 4 small beef cubes. Delicious though. Also the pineapple fried rice was really mediocre. But still two thumbs up for this place. Will definitely come back.
Food has been consistent in all the years I have been coming here even though the prices have gone up over time. I usually get the seafood scramble egg chow fun and the portion for that is huge. This is a place that can accommodate large and small groups. I've never had to wait long for a table and food usually comes out pretty quickly. I would say this is one of the few nicer restaurants in chinatown.
I ate here several times and always had a good experience. Never knew i didnt review them. But recently i went back w my girlfriend and after the experience i had, i must review them!I pretty much boycotted this restaurant due to their two brooklyn locations: one in 8th ave and the other in 86st. Their food was moderate/not good and their customer service sucked!!!!!Then! And then i came back here! Now i really got a chance to compare the 3 restaurants. Chinatown's location serves even MORE ppl but their staff still manages to pull off good customer service. Most importantly, their food arrived piping out and u did not hafto wait and wait and wait for it. Their food is delicious and very tasty..Meanwhile, in brooklyn.. They need to find ways to shape up their staff and their cooks cos they make this food chain look bad. Hope others who are unsatisfied w the brooklyn location would still give this chinatown one a try! Cos u will see the difference!
Nyonya's preferred strategy of dealing with their Seamless radius not being what they'd like is to take it out on customers instead of the radical idea of addressing the problem.They confirmed my order to my workplace near NYU, and then upon delivery the driver (rider?) told me to not order from them again because it was too far and that they would cancel any subsequent orders. I suggested they called Seamless to get the radius fixed to prevent future issues and they said they'd follow up. Just kidding! The delivery person just repeated the same thing about them cancelling orders. The food was quite good (as it has been on previous in-person visits) but given that we're incapable of communicating I won't be back in either capacity.Avoid!
Probably the best Malaysian in Manhattan. Menu is extensive and both adventurous and safe. Servers are nice but efficient and expedient. It's popular among tourists and locals alike, has a ton of awards, but it's cash only! I've had the fried intestines twice and they are A+. Also, chicken rice, coconut rice, hainan chicken, chicken and beef rendang are all staples and very solid. My only gripe would be I'm used to chicken rendang being much more tender. Overall solid, decently authentic, and super reasonably priced. It's good to go in a moderately sized group (to share things) and bring CASH and be prepared to wait on a weekend.
Staff members are very friendly and nice, which is great. The place gets crowded during peak hours, but parties get seated rather quickly. Food was a good representation of authentic Malaysian food.If you're less adventurous or don't like spicy food, do try the delicious pearl noodle soup. It's thick white noodles with a clear soup base. Other than that, their kangkung belacan is spot-on. Definitely get that if you're doing family style!
I started with Roti Canai, which was a good start as everybody else mentioned here! The roti is made very thin. If you like it thicker ("paratha" like), they have different variations of Roti Canai on the menu.I ordered the House Special squid... It comes with a paste which I misunderstood from the photos. I thought it'd be curry-like, but it was more sweet and sour, but quite delicious. (They have curry dishes too by the way.) Even though sweet and sour is not my first choice, but I am very happy I tried it. It also had a late releasing heat that I found very satisfying. Good food, affordable price - will surely go back when I get a chance!
I've been here twice..the first visit seemed decent. Got the pearl noodles which tasted fine. No complaints with the service. However my most recent experience was disappointing. The waitress took forever to even acknowledge that we were there. It then took an hour to get our food after asking the waitress about it several times... The dish we got was not good at all ...we got one of the clay pot dishes. It seemed that alot of the ingredients in it were just canned ingredients (like the corn and the mushrooms)..The taste was bland and it was frustrating that we had waited so long for something that did not even taste that good..We also wanted to try the squid tentacle appetizer, but they ran out ): Because of this we had to choose a different app and ended up getting the satay chicken. $8 for six small skewers..the taste was decent, but i don't know if it was worth it.
Where can I get Hainanese chicken rice? Nyonya damn business! The chicken is the classic yellow tinted poultry fare with seasoned soy sauce and chili sauce. However, the rice is the most sublime portion of this dish. It is moist and infused with chicken broth contributing to its fluffiness and delight. You are appropriated a generous portion at a reasonable price.
SO. GOOD. I came here on a Saturday night with a friend and it was crowded, but we only waited for about 5 minutes.We ordered the roti canai, hainan chicken, beef curry and chaw guey tiao. It was only the two of us but we finished everything. The roti was chewy and crispy, and dipped in the curry sauce was absolutely heavenly. If you like roti, this is definitely one of the best rotis I've had. The hainan chicken is really tender - had a little more sauce than I preferred, but nevertheless delicious. The beef curry was what surprised me the most - I never had this before but the curry sauce was so good that I was eating the sauce with the rice and without the meat. The chaw guey tiao was great - the two of us downed the whole thing in less than 5 minutes.The service was ok - it took us a while to get the attention of a server to get us our cheques but we were so satiated that at that point, we didn't really care.Overall, 5 stars. Would most definitely return.
Great food everyone loved it very fresh love Malaysian food.
Nyonya at 199 Grand St.Two dishes I like from Nyonya, they're Young Tofu and Kang Kung Belacan. let me feel back to Malaysia again.#Nyonya#ILoveNyonya
Yummy food, especially the lunch special. Tried the Roti telur and chicken n rice for lunch.The food is closest to Indian chinese you can get in and around Chinatown. the service is fast, people are attentive, just that this is a cash only place.Wish they took card, would have made our lives easier!
Why say you're going to be open until 12 if your kitchen closes a hour early? Lazy service. The food from what I remember is good but imagine traveling all the way from a different borough only to find out the kitchen closes early. Ended up going to wo hop instead.
This is a slightly different option in Chinatown that serves Malaysian-Chinese food. Similar to other restaurants in Chinatown, you can really get your bang for your buck here. My friend and I shared half a hainanese chicken with rice and water spinach for lunch. The portions were very generous, and the service was extremely quick!I thought the hainanese chicken was a bit plain and maybe too subtle in flavor, especially compared to other types of Chinese chicken. The stirred fried water spinach was pretty decent.Nyonya has an interesting enough of a menu that I'd love to come back sometime and try other items of the menu to see if I'd like them more.
great asian food! very authentic and tasty. love love the Hainanese chicken and watercress!
Amazing restaurant! Very well prepared Nyonya dishes, drinks are too sweet but worth a try. I always get the Roti Canai and Hainanese chicken. The curry beef dish was delicious too, but not sure what was it called.
The food is decent and the price is not too bad. The service is a bit slow - it looks like they don't have enough servers. It was extremely NOISY!
The best thing about this place is the price. I went to a group meetup to dine family style - the roti kanai is worth mentioning. So are the chicken wings. I found some of the dishes too sweet - especially didn't expect the achat to be so sweet.
I've been here twice now and it is quickly becoming a favorite of mine. The atmosphere isn't wonderful, but the service is fast and the food is yummy! Prices are very reasonable. I only gave 4 stars because, the atmosphere just feels like a dark busy Chinese takeout but you happen to be sitting down. The photos of the place make it look a lot cheerier than it actually is. Although the first time I went it was exceptionally dark and the last time the lighting was a "little" better.Rendang chicken with coconut rice is my favorite!!! We also had the roti canai and spring rolls. Roti was perfect. The spring rolls themselves were good, but the sauce with it not to great unfortunately.
One of the better Malaysian restaurant in Chinatown with good customer service. Food was fresh and in good portions.
I work by here and the food is very good. I really like Nyonya's Roti Canai, Hainanese chicken, fish head soup with rice noodle and clay pot pearl noodle soup. The customer service is very good (especially the manager Diana) but at night it might get very pack but it is worth it. Would definitely recommend.
Awesome food! Lunch meal was for only 6.95$ and quantity was perfect.I had the chicken curry with rice which was perfectly spicy and delicious!loved the taste. Chicken had bones as specified on the menu but that's what gives the curry a better taste.My only disappointment was they didn't take the credit card and had to pay in cash.Will take a to go again from here very soon!
This is my go-to when I am craving fish head curry, and Nyonya never disappoints! The food is consistently good, and always delicious, not to mention super affordable! It's cash only, so be ready and bring your $.
Whoa.This was good. Frighteningly good, because of how close I live and how reasonably priced the meal was. My wallet is going to hate me, but I know I'm coming back here soon.Started off with the Roti Canai as recommended by many other reviews--it's like a large crepe served with some sort of chicken curry. Tasted awesome and split between two people, was the perfect size for a light appetizer (though certainly doable for one person). I got the mango chicken. I'm not sure I would get the same dish again as it was a little bit too sweet for my taste (but not unduly so) but the variety of flavors in the dish was awesome. Lots of vegetables to balance it all out. My friend got the steamed fish in black bean sauce, and it was absolutely incredible. It was about $18 (market price for the day, I think?) and came with enough fish to fill up two people. The presentation itself was pretty impressive, but the taste was just fantastic. The menu is huge and has a lot of things I'd love to try--the hard part was just choosing!The place is pretty large and can accommodate decently sized groups.
The ronti was so so. It was very crispy but I like the ones that had more dough and its soft and chewy so it will absorb the curry more. Next time j want to try the ronti with egg and onion.I got the curry beef and it was so tender and good!! If I come back I will order that again. My friend got the chicken rice and it was ok. I liked the rice she had it was better than my plain white rice. We also had the coconut pudding dessert. It was pretty good. I liked the coconut meat in the coconut. I didn't get their ABC because it had milk in it.
We came here as a group of 4 on a Saturday night, it was busy but we were able to get seats right away. We were mostly excited about the Hainanese Chicken, which we heard was a staple at Nyonya. After the meal, we unanimously agreed that the Hainanese Chicken fell short of our expectations. It was bland, and didn't stand out as a dish. The accompanying rice (which is usually my favorite part) was unimpressive - felt like I was just eating oily rice with plain chicken. HOWEVER! We extremely enjoyed the shrimp with string beans, the fried squid, and fried egg tofu/bean curd (I can't remember if it was the Princess bean curd or Bean curd in Casserole, but it was my favorite). I would totally go back, but skip the Hainanese.
Extremely tasty, various menu options. I enjoy the Bak-Kut-Teh the best!
I would have given this place at least 3 stars.... had I not seen an employee leave the bathroom without washing her hands.  DISGUSTING.  Turns out she was the one who was serving us half the time too.... barf.  That itself deserves a docking of a few stars.  Not sure why it took me 3 years to try Nyonya, but my experience here was mediocre.  Firstly, my friend and I didn't even realize that we had been sitting at our table for 10 minutes without any menus.  The hostess that sat us down didn't even give us menus!I'll preface with this note - I've had similar foods before and therefore am not reviewing based on a novice's point of view.We ordered the squid and chinese hollow vegetable (aka ong choy, or cong xin chai) - the sauce was interesting - a little sweet, quite nutty, slightly spicy, and very oily.  Some of the squid was not steamed all the way through and was raw.  The vegetables were probably the best part - only because it's probably my favorite green other than watercress.Friend ordered the prawn mee - it's SUPER shrimpy, so don't order it unless you love shrimp everything.I had the laksa for myself... and 4 hours later I am STARVING. The noodles were a bit too chewy for my taste.  The broth was ok - I do think it is a bit heavy on the tangy to spicy/salty ratio.  I think I'm starving because it was just noodles and thick fish broth... not enough substance.  In hindsight I think I would rather have gotten a meat/rice dish.We also ordered the chendol for dessert - refreshing, sweet, and icy.  Theres a lot of beans going on in this dessert - warning for noobs.Would I come back?  Perhaps, to try something else, as it is well-priced and there is lots of seating and plenty to choose from on the menu.  Seriously though, someone needs to teach these people how to wash their hands.
This restaurant is located in Little Italy, not Chinatown. We were looking for a Malaysian restaurant and found this place.We arrived at 6pm and were seated right away. The waiter was attentive and friendly. We ordered the roti canai, hokkien mee,Laksa, Lard Nar and Chinese broccoli. The food was great and the price was good.
I love this place! It's my go to spot in Chinatown.  The dungeness crab dishes are my favorite, and of course the Roti Cani.
The food was really good and cheap here. Recommended by a Malaysian friend, we came here in a group of 8 for dinner. Our Malaysian friend ordered a whole lot of food for everyone to share and they were all delicious. The service was pretty quick.The only thing that I did not like here when I went there 2 weeks ago with a friend was Pasembur - It was just very bland. We didn't finish it.Recommendations: Roti Canai, Curry Chicken, Salted Cabbage  Fish Head Soup, Seaweed Salad
#I got the Nyonya Curry Fish Head Casserole. Really tasty #soup. Although I think if I get this again, I'd just get it with beef or vegetables. I like eating more #adventurously, but I don't know if the fish head really added much. Seemed like more work to eat it.The #waitress did warn me that it would take twenty minutes to prepare my order. I wonder if she meant the side of #coconut rice, because that didn't come out until twenty minutes after I got my fish head casserole. #LOL
Nyona is one of the few restaurants in the Chinatown area that can seat a crowd, doesn't serve Chinese food, offers an affordable menu, and actually feels pretty. With a Malaysian menu, lots of dark wood accents, and organized hostesses, its a great choice for taking the parents out to eat or doing a group event with people who feel Chinatown is chaotic. My group of four was seated on a Sunday at 7pm after a 15 minute wait. We chatted seated comfortably in their waiting area inside (what a luxury for NYC!). Note that most of Nyona is ADA friendly, with ramps instead of stairs. We scored a table near to the windows which makes for great people watching. I ordered:Blueberry strawberry blended drink (refreshing and not too sweet!)Soy and grass jelly (hubby liked it)House special curry squid (tasty, but can get one note ish if you're eating it by yourself)Pineapple rice (very good)Kare belacan (ong choy/water spinach, also good)Plates here are meant for sharing, so order a dish per person, minus one, then add a rice if you're not doing a plate of fried rice or noodles. Its very cost effective and fun to eat family style! Service is good compared to most Chinese places.
Love Nyonya! The Indian bread and beef skewers is a must try. It's always super packed, so make sure you go early.
Been hearing a lot of good things about this place. Had to try it out!I got the Roti CanaliCurry MeeMy friend got the hainese chicken with ricceNon food review - the place is huge!  lots of small seatings in the front and bigger parties in the back area.  The service was alright, nothing to rave about.  I wanted my dish to be spicier but she said its pre-made. Not sure how i feel about that.  But my food did come quick.CASH ONLY btw!The Roti - it is very airy for sure!  The sauce is amazing.  Very smooth and not overdone or not too salty.  There's chunks of potatoes and chicken, which i thought it was weird since i thought it would be vegetarian but i guess not.  Great to share for 2, but not more than that.The Curry Mee - i was a bit surprised to see that there was no type of veggies in my noodle soups, yes i know, it was described exactly what it is but still, most asian places always dump some kind of veggies on the side, esp in noodle soups.  The chicken was very moist and soft and you get a good amount for your share.  Noodles were great, not overcooked or anything.  I do have to note that the soup was a bit salty for me, and coming from me, that means it might be really salty to most.  Had curry flavor but not "hit you in the face" flavor, mild but presented.The hainese rice...i think i expected more from it.  I thought the rice would be more moist since it was infused with chicken broth but it was REALLY dried.  Nothing special about the chicken, almost like soy sauce chicken if you ask me =T.
Had roti canai, hainanese chicken, malaysian iced coffee and thai iced tea. All excellent!
Really disappointed with the service at this place. Was greeted in by a guy who was sweeping the floors and he ended up taking his broom with him to seat us at our table. Then the waitress was staring at us impatiently until we were ready to order. From there, it was a disaster. They gave our first dish out of four and never came back. After waiting for 20 minutes, we asked and they still didn't know when the rest were coming. It took another 20 minutes for the 2 dishes to come. Our appetizer came last when we were finished with our meals and they didn't even give the water and tea that I had asked for until the bill came.
Many years ago, Nyonya was the first Malaysian restaurant I experienced that inspired to go visit the country. It used to be a typical, unimpressive looking chinatown joint but it has changed the decor since then and looks more modern now. I've been trying out different Malaysian joints in Queens and haven't been to Nyonya in a few years so when my friend mentioned them over drinks, I couldn't resist the urge for some curry lakhsa and beef randang. The food here was as good as I remembered. We started with roti canai and chicken satays. Satays are generally too sweet for me and this was no exception but the curry and the thin roti in the roti canai was good. As a matter of fact, all their curries were good. The curry lakhsa and the randang both had bold, well developed flavors. I remember they used to have a pretty good nasi lemak as well. I don't know how it's now but definitely one I'll have to try next time.
It's a restaurant that has locations in other places, and this one feels much more touristy than the one in Brooklyn. The food is alright, a bit salty, and it's very crowded. The menu has images, so it's good if you don't know what you're ordering. As one would expect, it's loud and crowded. When it's busy, the waiters seem eager for you to finish eating. It's a decent place to eat with friends.
Normally pork and yam is a fragrant dish, but here it wasnt. Satay beef taste like jerky.
I love Nyonya. There are two others in Brooklyn, but I would actually discourage people from visiting those - the service is lacking. The Little Italy location has the best food and service, and the only one I visit these days. I get three dishes almost every time I visit: the Roti Canai, Hainanese Chicken and House Sizzling Tofu. Always delicious, and all I want from Nyonya. Roti Canai is crisp and the curry sauce is to die for. The Hainanese Chicken comes cold, but that's how it is supposed to be - just as a note for those that don't know what to expect from it. It's worth trying though, I love the sauce that comes with it. Lastly, I don't usually like tofu, but trust me on this one, the sizzling tofu is amazing. Overall, everything comes together really well at this location. I keep meaning to try other menu items sometime in the future, but at the moment, my go to's are just too freaking good.
Nyonya!!!!! To start the food is so amazing. This is my second time eating food from this location and so far I would like to recommend the pineapple fried rice, pad Thai noodles as well as chicken wings wrapped in banana leaves accompanied with plum sauce.
Been here so many times finally get to write the review. Still love this place. Definitely one of the good one to try Malaysian cuisine. My must order: hainanese chicken with yellow rice, sarang burung, and of course roti canai. I know some said their service not the greatest, I feel like that too some times. Make sure all ur party are there otherwise they tend not to let u sit, even though there's a lot of empty tables lol! The bad part is their bathroom I never go in there where it's clean and smell ok, every time always something is happening there. Sorry for TMI but that's the fact.
For the price, I would give it 5 stars. They only accept cash. Waiters are rough, not gentle. But the food is very good. I have been to this place for about 5 times and tried a lot different kinds, so far all great.
Delicious. I love their coconut rice with spicy Thai chicken.every time I come here I would get this. I usually come during slow times because I know how rough service can be during lunch and dinner hours. Staff are usually attentive so it's fine. This place has wayyy better service than the one on 86th street thank goodness. If not I don't think I can every eat my favorite dish again. It is a bit dim inside and if you are the bright sinshi e type you can request to sit by the Windows. Bathroom is a hit or miss Tbh. Maybe 1 out of 5 times I go is clean but that's all up to customers.Highly recommend this branch than the other ones
This restaurant really great actual Malaysian food!! I ordered the wonton noodles (dry) and they tasted just like the ones in Malaysia. The wonton was also very juicy and tasty!Service was pretty good also!Totally recommend this restaurant!!
We were staying in the area and I was surprised to find this spot so close and with so many reviews! We were seated immediately but the restaurant was bustling and the workers looked very busy. However, our waiter attended to us very punctually and with a smile and kind words (as opposed to many other restaurants in new york city so this was a nice change of pace). Very pleased with the service here! We ordered the Hainanese chicken, young chow fried rice, singapore rice noodles, and sizzling fish. All of our dishes were full of flavor and very tasty! I especially enjoyed the fried rice paired with the sauce from the chicken!! All in all great first experience here and will definitely be back again!
It was my first time trying Malaysian cuisine. The indian style appetizers like telur roti were good. But their entrees were a disappointment, i tried assamese style fish head and it was not good at all (too sour). However, their litchi drink was really good. Place is accepts cash only and is really crowded on weekends.
Fast service. That's all. The waitress recommendation was not good, the Curry mee with shredded chix. The ice coffee is not good as well. The service was not good. Not recommended to dine in
What happened to this place?!?! I've been coming to this and the old location for 9 years!! We went to dinner last night with our family and my husband and I couldn't believe how bad the food was. The service was 5 star as usual. The Roti canai tasted sour, the steamed fish nyonya special was left untouched as was the first noodle dish on the menu (forgot the name). The only tasty dishes were the pineapple fried rice and chicken satay. For a $100 for four- not worth it at all. I never thought I'd say this but never going back.
good veggie and such~~ the vegan option is good too. It's cash tho, so be warned
My friend bit into his fried ice cream and found a band-aid in his mouth! Ew. We complained to the waiter and all he did was bring it back and said we don't need to pay for it. Disgusting! No apologies.
For affordable, tasty Malaysian food, you can't go wrong with Nyonya. The restaurant is spacious, and the service attentive. As per recommendation, we started with the Roti Prata, which paired a light (almost fragile) pancake with a lamb curry dipping sauce. Delicious! We followed that up with some champagne ribs, half a garlic chicken, and some bok choy and coconut rice. All were solid, but the chicken really stood out. The sauce for the ribs was the perfect combination of sweet and tangy, but they were difficult to eat with chopsticks. The rice was...typical solid rice, and the bok choy was cooked just right (i.e., crisp, but not undercooked) with a garlic glaze. The chicken was so tasty because it balanced a juicy, garlic-infused interior with an addictively crispy and salty skin. It is a must order. Best of all, you can easily order a filling dinner for two for around $40, which is affordable considering the quality. Nyonya is not groundbreaking, but is nonetheless very satisfying, which certainly justifies a return visit for me.
The food was great, the service was great. Bring cash, they don't take credit cardsRoti Canai is a must.
When I first walk in and see cash only, I was a little put off. This is New York City, not a small kampong (town) in Malaysia. I still went in because fortunately I had some cash with me. I ordered beef satay for my appeertizer and sizzle pepper beef for my entrée. Entrée came out first before the appeertizer.  No big deal since there is not such thing as appeertizer vs entrée in most Malaysian restaurant. Food did turn out spot on to home. So overall it's a good choice. Just make sure you bring cash.
I love this place. So many dishes I want to try! Roti canai is a must. My vegetarian friend eats it, even though there is a chunk of chicken in the sauce! Sizzling black pepper beef is good. Mee Siam noodles. Chicken broth rice. Beef rendang and chicken masak lemak. All outstanding.
Quality has really gone downhill, sadly. Adjusting rating accordingly.
Hainanese chicken is the bomb.com with chicken broth rice!!! It is very crowded so prepare to wait before seatting! Good for group hang out and enjoy some different type of food! Not recommended for big group cause the wait will be very long!!! Very affordable and wish that they take credit card in the future!!!
Very good Chinese good, excellent curry fish head and curry crab. Curry beef brisket is matchable to Hong Kong standard. One of our favorite place
I've been coming here since I was a kid and, not to date myself haha, but it has provided great, consistent food for decades! Service admittedly is not the most friendly, but pretty efficient and if you get one specific lady, she'll stack all your plates on her arms in one go when she clears the table - just to show you who's boss :pMy family is Chinese Singaporean and we all agree this is the most authentic Malaysian / Singaporean food at such a reasonable price. Our last dinner of ten was around 20 ahead total including drinks for some! Would recommend the chicken rice and satay (though the latter is sorta pricey now) and the ice desserts if it's not too cold out. And in my opinion, the less southeast Asian beef hor fun is tied with the char kuay teow if you want a fried noodle dish that hits the spot! Really hope you like it!
The roti canai almost but not really makes up for the: 1) cash only policy (thanks for making me schlep ten blocks and pay a bank charge just because you don't feel like recording all your cash for the IRS), 2) the slowness in bringing food out even though we came on the early side of a totally dead Sunday, 3) the general don't-give-a-shit attitude of the waiters (yeah, yeah, it's near Chinatown but had our waiter came by often, even to fill our tea pot, I would have been more generous), and 4) the fact that there are only TWO truly vegetarian dishes labeled under the vegetarian section of the menu. Yes, sorry, leaf-eaters, but if you want to eat here, you may need to consume some shrimp paste or minced shrimp. Plus, they stuck us right next to the window. But the roti canai is so good. I would have been happy to drink the curry sauce that it came with. I actually like the roti prata more - thicker, chewier, buttery-er, and doesn't flake into a thousand tiny crumbles upon ripping. My next favorite dish is the nasi lemak, partly because I can never get my own coconut rice just right, partly because the mix of anchovies, tender chicken curry falling off the bone, pickled veggies, and hardboiled egg is magical. But otherwise ... not feeling up to trekking through Little Italy's ghost town for 2 excellent dishes in an otherwise mediocre setting.
So last 2 times I attempted to come here there was a wait, but ended up having lunch here yesterday and was able to finally walk right in.Still yummy and I'm just adding an update because of this:Bah Kut Teh Soup - This broth... phenomenal Similar to a Chinese soup I've had before. The meat n pork in it, nothing special, but this broth is deeeeelicious. I wonder if you can buy just the broth. I'd buy a jug of it and lug it home. Jug to lug for a glug... haaaaAnyways, if you like deep/ layered broths, get this.(on a side note, I wasn't as enthralled by the garlic chicken this time)
My date took me to here! And I really like itSo this place is pretty clean, nice space Food are good, i even took all the left over home We had 1 beef, 1 chicken, 1 veggie(We order a lot food for 2 people lol)Service is ok too! Totally deserve 4 stars :)Def will refer my friends go here :)
I recommend the Java Mee. Love the sour and spiciness. Pass on the fried squid though. Too dry and takes burnt. Took points off on Cash only.
I have been living in NY for nearly 4 years; 5 years in the northeast. When I first arrived in the northeast (Montreal), I whinged about the lack of South East Asian offering in the region. You see, I grew up in Malaysia and Singapore. And then spent most of my adult life in Australia (South East Asian food in Australia is akin to Mexican food in America - ubiquitous). Then half way through my one year stay in Montreal, someone told me about Nyonya in NY. So I went out of my way to try it when I visited NY (I visit NY from Montreal almost once every two months). Yes, this place I approve. It's as authentic as it can be. It's not a fake Malaysian, not a pseudo Malaysian. It's just as good as good restaurants in Malaysia. Amazing. Especially the rendang *smack lips*... *drool*I still whinge about the lack of South East Asian offerings in NYC... except for Thai food.
My go to place for good Malaysian food in SoHo, NYC - they have good chicken and rice for very cheap and its a very good deal. Their other dishes are so-so, but I've found the chicken and rice is solid everytime
I appreciate Nyonya for its versatility and flexibility. Not only are they conveniently located in the Chinatown/Little Italy neighborhoods and capable of seating groups both large and small, they serve a whole spectrum of cuisines (not just Malaysian) and do them surprisingly well. I've been here more than just a few times since I've been in a city, which is quite a feat as I try to avoid repeating restaurants. But Nyonya is always a good fall-back option, and more than suitable for a variety of occasions.Despite what the small entrance would lead you to believe, the restaurant is actually pretty spacious. In spite of that, it's almost always packed when I've arrived, so don't come here looking for a quiet, leisurely dinner. Enter, know what you're going to order in advance (or choose within a few minutes of looking through the menu), and dishes will start arriving within a few minutes.From what I've tried so far, the roti canai is a solid starter; it's a thin, stretchy flatbread served with a curry sauce on the side. It's hard to go wrong with this appetizer, and I especially enjoyed the chunks of potato and I think a few slivers of meat that were strewn throughout the curry. A slightly altered version of it is the roti telur, which essentially consists of fried egg sandwiched two pieces of roti.I've also ordered the Mee Siam; thin rice noodles stir-fried with shrimp, bean sprouts, and green onion in a sightly sweet, slightly spicy sauce, with a sliced hard-boiled egg on the side. It's generously portioned, and more than enough to share between two people. Their chow fun and Hainanese chicken (which is topped off with a handful of cilantro) are similarly satisfying and won't disappoint. If you still have room at the end, get their Coconut Pudding Dessert, which is served in an actual coconut. It's not too sweet and provides a refreshing ending to dinner.While service isn't the most attentive, they'll make sure you get your food and refill your drinks as you need. Come for a good dinner that won't break the bank, and don't be worried about bringing too many people.
Didn't take much time to wait in line though the restaurant is always packed. Great food served by lovely Asian ladies. Most of the time servers in *cough* Chinese restaurants can be as unprofessional as they can, but in Nyonya I felt like I was talking to my favorite aunts.
5 stars for the Roti Canai!  It's like a thinner version of naan served with curry that you dip it into.  The curry was so spicy and so good.  Daydreaming about this....
One of the best Malaysian Restaurant in town. The Hainanese Chicken is cook just right that locks in moisture over a bed of very flavorful oil rice (cooks with chicken fat).
Pros: PricesRoti Canai (both plain and with egg)Cons:Cash onlyCendol (terrible and certainly not how I remember it in Malaysia)Portion of curry with Nasi Lemak was not at par with how much rice was givenI've been to Malaysia and have eaten a lot of Malaysian food in and outside of Asia. This is decent, but I prefer the food at New Malaysian in Chinatown.
Very reasonable prices, cramped seating. Reservations recommended but not necessarily needed - we were here Saturday night around 8 PM and did not have to wait at all. Nyonya is on the border of Little Italy and Chinatown... the interior is very nice and definitely has a more elegant feel than what you might expect from Chinatown.Huge menu with enough options to satisfy even the pickiest eater. Our waiter was great and able to provide some delicious recommendations. I had the traditional Clay Pot Noodles and bf had the Shredded Chicken Noodles. We also ordered the Roti Canai to share. Roti Canai was absolutely delicious. One of the best I've had, and I definitely prefer it to the one I usually order from Penang. Just the right portion to be shared between two people. Clay Pot Noodle was HUGE and a great deal for only $7 and change. Loaded with chicken, shrimp, and veggies. Broth was delicious, noodles were cooked to perfection. I was stuffed by the end. Bf's Shredded Chicken Noodles were equally as delightful - the curry broth had an awesome kick that wasn't too overpowering. Again, very generous portion size for the prices. Service here is a little chaotic, but ask and you shall receive. Lovely little Malaysian food spot and would definitely come back when I have a craving.
My favorite Malaysian place in the city - delicious food, great prices, large variety, and a nice simple decor.I love their tapioca noodles, curry chicken or beef with coconut rice, fermented vegetable dishes, and nyonya seafood noodles. Their Malaysian iced tea is worth a try if you like Thai iced tea, it is more milky and less sweet. The red bean drink is also fantastic. When I go here with a friend I always split:Appetizer - Roti Canai, crispy pancake with curry dip, $3-4Main dish - Boneless curry beef with coconut rice (substitute for the white rice) and one of the fermented vegetable dishes. Unfortunately, their drinks aren't on a budget. The beers are around $6, and their corkage fee is $13 for a bottle of wine, 750 mL. Come here for the food, leave drinks for after. The one star off is mainly for the lack of variety in the drinks, they only have beer and wine, and for the service. The service is really hit or miss, sometimes it's great, other times you have to make a big effort to even get noticed. Either way, this is a great dinner or lunch spot.
Best Nasi Lemak. Coconut rice is great. The curry beef has great flavors but it has no textural depth. Fish dishes are strong in flavor and texture. Chow kuey teo is a little more Cantonese than I like but the hainanese chicken does have the Malay twistI have to say- best coconut rice in town.
Nyona in a word - authentic. You don't have to be Malaysian to know this. You simply need to see who's eating there. Plenty of Malaysians no doubt, and some savvy New Yorkers (and tourists I suspect). So many options and so neatly organized in a visually appealing menu. And that's not the only visually appealing thing. As the dishes come out to patrons I found myself following each one with my eyes. I finally settled on a rich curry soup of fish stock and noodles. OMG delicious. And the prices are incredibly affordable, around $8.50 for that huge portion that I ended up having enough left over to have for dinner as well. The service is extremely amiable as you are served by a team of waiters and waitresses, as was explained to me by one of the super pleasant servers. This makes for incredible efficiency too. By all means, go and if you're lucky enough to get a seat, you'll surely enjoy some yummy eats as well.
Felt like upscale Chinese food. Mango chicken was great but mostly mango and peppers, little chicken.
I've eaten here twice.   I think the flavors of the food are complicated and spot on.  I think that the don't push it to hard;  Keeping the food feeling light and fresh instead of heavy.  We have been seated right away both times we came. Even though the restaurant was busy.  Food was served fast, servers were nice but a little pushy.  Overall a good experience and I will return.
Yummmmmmm! The best Malaysian restaurant in the area! I don't think there is a day where this place isn't crowded or have to wait (everyone loves this place). I came here on a Tuesday night (random weekday) and I still had to wait about 5 minutes, which isn't bad consider the other times during the weekend. Their food is really good and tasty. I always get their pad thai and my friend always get the hainanese chicken. You can ask for dark meat or white meat, whichever you prefer. This place is a must try if you haven't yet!
Had my company's holiday dinner here last night.  Everyone was able to find something to eat from the meat and potatoes crowd to the vegans and the one with a severe food allergy.Our waitress Kim was helpful and made sure all of our special requests were honored.With some a couple of bottles of wine, $30 pp, which included enough appetizers we hardly needed to order the main meal.Taking off a star because on main course was served 20 minutes late, but everyone seemed to enjoy the meal.Nice fun place to go without having to spend a fortune.  (But bring cash- no credit cards)
Great South East Asian restaurant with close-to-authentic taste. The portion is a bit small but the quality is great. Recommend this place if you're around Chinatown NYC and want to grab Malaysian/Indonesian food.
A reliable place to get a noodle fix at a great cost. It's a place I like to bring family and friends for a good quality meal. Remember to bring cash though since it's cash only. I've ordered the -Chow Kueh Teow: malaysian famous stir-fried flat rice noodles with shrimp, chive, squid, bean sprouts, eggs, soy sauce and chili paste-Beef Chow Fun stir-fried flat noodles in a special sauce with beef, onions, scallions and bean sprouts.     -Cantonese Chow Fun stir-fried flat noodles in a brown gravy sauce with chicken, shrimp, squid and vegetables. -Duck with ginger over riceAll of these dishes are at least 4 stars. My favorite was probably the Cantonese chow fun. The sauce is thick, but I'm a fan of saucy noodles. The portions are also very large. I've taken home a doggy bag every time except when I ordered the duck.The one thing I get every time is the roti prata. The sauce is so buttery and delicious, paired with the crispy roti. I think I could actually drink the sauce. I'd say one order is good for 2 people, but I cold actually eat it all on my own. Again, bring cash! I once forgot and had to walk to the TD bank on Canal. It's not that far away but when it's cold out, no one wants to make the extra trek.
Great Malaysian cuisine with great price! Popular restaurant so needa wait a little bit for a table. Other than that all good, plenty of choice and taste good.
Food was delicious and good service. we recommend Roti Canai,sweet and sour pork and chicken rice! Lot of noodle soups on the menu also looked yummy will come back to try them as well.
Cash only is a HUGE pain. Had to walk around the corner to Chase in the middle of my meal to be able to pay. Credit card companies charge a meager 3% per transaction... I understand cash only if it's a small restaurant, but this place is huge! Service was good, when they were listening. An ordered Thai Iced Tea never materialized after we asked twice. Oh well. Would have been four stars had it not been for cash only  the service. Food was good, but not "really Malaysian" according to a Malaysian friend. Probably some mix or fusion of Asian cuisines... Not surprising, as it's right in the middle of Chinatown!Favorite had to be the mango shrimp. Couldn't get enough. The dumplings were decent but the beef skewers were dry.
This restaurant has always been my favorite spot go to, the food taste better compared to all the Nyonya in New York and all the Malaysian restaurants in the local area. Servers are usually very pleasant and friendly. They recently changed their menus, adding more seafood variety such as lobsters  Dungeness crabs. If you're a crab's lover, you should try their crabs in Nyonya special sauce dish. It's entirely different from regular Cantonese styles.
The name is kind of hard to say, but all you need to know is that it's delicious! Came here upon a recommendation of a friend who LOVES their Hainanese chicken. Since my experience with that dish and Malaysian food in general was pretty limited, I wanted to try it! I read on Yelp how everyone loved their Roti Canai so I had to order that too. Two of those dishes just for me was a bit too much, but I did the best I could. First of all the roti--yum! Loved the curry dipping sauce and the puffy tortilla-like bread. Nice bit of heat in that curry. The Hainanese chicken was very flavorful and tender, and I opted to have the default dark meat version--not only was it a little cheaper, I think it's more flavorful than just the breast-meat version. All in all, very satisfying! The service was good, if not overly friendly, and I'm glad I missed the dinner rush; there was quite a sizable crowd by the time I left. STEPH JUDGEMENT: Great Chinese/Malaysian food in a pleasant atmosphere.
We had the Roti Canai and Nasi Lemak and both dishes were great. The staff was attentive and took care of us swiftly. Complimentary tea is served.My only complaint is that this place only takes cash, no credit/debit cards are accepted.
Immediately seated as I walk in. Great and fast service. The menu is simple, if you have any questions, the staffs are able to answer it without a problem. They know their menu well.The quality of food is good. It has good flavor. I've never had a dish that was under cooked, over cooked, or had bad quality. Their food is made fresh especially the roti canai that comes with chicken curry sauce. The lighting is faint. It's gives off a comfortable feeling. The staffs are friendly. The place is clean and the food taste good.
Great Malaysian place. I came here on a Friday night around 6pm and surprisingly was able to get a table quite easily despite how packed the entire restaurant was. Service was quick and food came out fast. We ordered three dishes.Nasi Lemak - This was okay. There were more onions than fish in the ikan bilis. The coconut rice was a little bland to my liking. Could have used more coconut flavor and salt. Curry chicken that came with it was delicious but was a very tiny portion.Sarang Burong - Fried Taro Nest with Chicken and vegetables. Yum, this was good. Fried taro always is. Chicken and vegetables were also done nicely. Fried egg noodles - Ordered this by mistake but it was still good. The egg noodles they use are called Yi-mian or e-fu noodles. Never was a big fan of them because of their weird spongy texture and slightly sweet taste, but they stir-fried this dish pretty well. Noodles weren't too soggy. I love Malaysian food so definitely want to come back to try the other Malaysian staples like their Hainanese chicken, Roti Canai, Char Kway Teo, and Satay. Best thing about this place is that it's super cheap. Love places near Chinatown because of that!
We visited NYC and wanted to try a variety of restaurants. Hubby wanted to go here for the roti canai so we did. Instead of ordering entrees we ordered a bunch of appetizers so that we can try more dishes without getting full. Sad to say there wasn't even a dish here to make us want to return. The waitress that we had seemed confused and she was mumbling it was hard for us to hear her. Also they accepted cash only.
This is one of my favorite spots every time I hangout around canal street. I have been coming here for 4-5 years and their food has been cosistently good.  They are known for their indian pancakes and it is usually everyones main appetizer.  If there is some curry sauce leftover, save it for the main dishes. It tastes pretty good with the coconut rice. My favorite dish is the nasi le mak which comes with coconut rice, curry chicken, veggies, and some small salty fishes.  In this case, I would recommend to use the leftover curry sauce for the rice.  Dont worry when ordering, I have tried many of their dishes and they all taste pretty good!
One of my to go places to eat!My Main Favorites! - Homemade Roti Canai - Hainanese Chicken over Coconut Rice. - Tom Yum Seafood Soup is delicious!- Clams w/ Black Bean Sauce OR- Clams w/ Tomyam Broth can't go wrong w/ either or or both! - Pineapple Fried Rice is Spicy but delicious! - Sizzling Beef Platter is good nothing special... Overall the food is greasy/ oily I have to admit but it is good! Note: This is a CASH only place.
The food here is great. The price is cheap. The space is big (although there can be a wait sometimes for dinner).You can choose from a $6.75 rice/noodles dish for lunch or dinner to a fancier meal, and everything I ordered so far tasted good. The chicken flavored rice is on the blander side for me but I enjoyed the Hainanese chicken. The roti canai appetizer is great and you can see almost every table ordering it. Veggie dishes are delicious as well.Nyona is the place to come for a solid meal and not have your wallet emptied. Cash only though.
Sedap! Bagus-lah.This place is legit. The service is kinda frantic, but the food is good. I would recommend the roti, rendang, pearl noodle and sambal egg plant. Oh so good. My Argentinian buddy was able to handle the heat, which means, their spicy level is on the reasonable level.Its not every day you'd run into a place that has pearl noodles. Unlike regular noodles, this one has tapared ends and fat in the middle. Sorta like a cigar shaped noodle. Kinda curious now aren;t ya. Its rice noodle, therefore the texture is smooth, glassine and has a spring to the bite. You won;t find it easily elsewhere, so you should try it here.Delicious! Fantastic-lah!
Best roti canai in the city. Maybe ever. It's delicious even after transporting it in a to-go box from Chinatown to the Upper West Side.I've occasionally had other dishes at Nyonya, and they were good, but honestly, I go to Nyonya solely for the roti canai. Roti canai all day.
The food here is amazing. You seriously can't go wrong with any dish. If you can't handle spicy, you can inform the waiter/waitress beforehand and they'll tell you if it's possible to adjust the dish. They admit that some of the food's pre-made and therefore nothing can be done.Service wise, it's not the greatest, but sort of can be understandable due to its popularity. The waiter/waitresses hate it when you even hesitate about what to get or need a moment to make a decision. This occurs even around lunch when it's not as busy since it's what they're used to. They prefer not to speak much, and are there to take down your order, give you your food, and push you out the door once you're done for the next group of people to take your seat. I've been here with large (~8 people) groups to small (2-3 people) and it's the same each time for dinner, not as bad during lunch.For big groups, it's not always necessary to make reservations, although it's best if you don't want to wait. They do have a good number of large tables in the back.
I came here for a lunch date with my parents. It was somewhat crowded considering that today rings in the new Lunar New Year. However, we were seated instantly. This place has surprisingly has a a lot of space, clean, and nice workers. The interior is dimly lit and has that rustic Malaysian charm. CAUTION: Bad cell reception hereI ordered Roti Canai (a pancake and curry dipping sauce and an all time favorite), Nyonya young tofu with chicken broth (not curry broth) and no noodles, spicy squids tentacle, nyonya seafood rice noodle. The Roti Canai is such a simple but delectable dish. The dip was not cold, which I loved for this super cold NYC day. The Nyonya young tofu soup had fried tofu pieces that were half fish. I never had that before so I loved that. Lastly, the Nyonya seafood rice noodle dish. This dish was slightly bland. On the bright side, there was not a lot of oil in the dish itself in comparison to some noodle dishes in Asian restaurants, and the shrimp and scallop pieces are big. This place is not the best place to go to, but it is definitely one to go to when you have cravings or want a quick bite. I would come here again, just to change things up a bit when eating out.
Best service with the genuine professionalism from the manager, Dianne. Food is mediocre. Service is good! Price is reasonable. Ambience is clean and not too loud.
Probably good at what they do. But upon entering, the smell of fish sauce in the air was enough to make me have second thoughts. Food was "eh". Was a sucker for all the great reviews.
Came in tonight for dinner with my boyfriend. It was packed and we did not have reservations. There were a lot of people waiting so I was scared we wouldn't be seated for a long time. However, the restaurant is quite large and the hostess was very organized and polite. We were seated in 20 minutes as she promised after handing us a piece of paper with our number on it. I even saw a group of 5 (that came in after us) which was seated quickly (less than 10 mins) due to the organization of the hostess. We had two orders of the roti canai, beef satay and hot tea to start. All were Very delicious! The roti canai dip was amazing. The beef satay came with a peanut/garlic sauce (our guess from flavor) which my boyfriend enjoyed so much, he finished, solo, after he was done with the beef. For entree, I had Nasi Lemak and Masak Shrimps (a lot of food, I know but I was very excited). The Nasi Lemak was good. There was curry chicken and coconut rice, hardboiled eggs, a fried anchovie mixture, pickled cabbage and other veggies and freshcut cucumber. Rice and chicken were good, but I would have enjoyed a little more curry sauce with it. I also enjoyed the pickled veggies and fresh cucumber was refreshing. The Masak Shrimps were alright. Not something I will be craving later. Finally, for dessert, we had shaved ice with rose water syrup and sweet corn on top. I liked the shaved ice with the syrup. Seemed like an appropriately light and refreshing dessert after a heavy and spicy meal. But, I didn't care so much for the corn.All of this food and drink came to about 60$. Pretty decent. The service was great and the staff was very friendly down to the staff member shoveling the snow when we walked out. He stopped shoveling to make sure we knew where we were headed as we were not sure. Overall a good experience and if we lived closer, it would be a go-to spot.
The best thing about menus in Asian restaurants is that you can never go wrong with #1. Number 1 at Nyonya is the roti canai, which is a Malaysian crispy flaky pancake with a side of thick curry sauce (or was once a thick sauce) with chicken and potatoes, if you're lucky. I'm still glad to see with the many changes in Chinatown throughout the years, Nyonya did not change that much. Most of the waiter and waitresses there have been loyal to his eatery business for at least 10 years. My other go-to is their Hainese chicken. It's flavor, texture, and consistency has never failed me. If you're coming with a group of 4, you can order a roti per 2 people, half a Hainese chicken, plus another entrée. You might also want to get a bowl of chicken oil (?) or coconut rice to complement the strong flavors of your dishes.
Terrible service and food. Don't be lured in by the 1000+ reviews and 4 stars. The paratha was clearly frozen and just heated up. You can purchase a 20 pack of those paratha from any desi market for less than $4 and make it at home and it would still be better. The portions were super small. Literally had 4 pieces of shrimp in my lunch meal. Crispy squid appetizer was overcooked and inedible. We only ate two pieces but ended up paying $9 for it. Overall disappointment. Makes you wonder why it has such good reviews on yelp. It's just a hipster joint that is clearly overrated.
This is a neat little Malaysian spot that has delicious coconut rice! Everything else is alright, and the service is not bad. It's not a place you go out of your way to try, but if you are around and you waver as to what to eat, this is a pretty standard place to go.
It's so hard to find a good authentic Malaysian restaurant these days. Not to mention more and more of them are closing down each year. I really like this place and want to give a higher rating, but the food can be very inconsistent at times. Some dishes can be really good, while others are just okay. Been here dozen times and noticed the change in quality as well as taste. Hope they come to realize that it's far more important to maintain fresh and quality ingredients than to charge less.
Holy guacamole !! I can't believe I almost went to a pizza joint! This place knocked my socks off, I had the shredded chicken curry soup and I wanted to eat the bowl and the spoon! The soup was incredible, perfect blend of savory, spicy and hearty. The chicken was moist and tender, the noodles were cooked perfectly (not too soft not to hard) it was like my taste buds were making love.I would recommend this place to anyone looking for something different, delicious and incredibly satisfying.
Great prices and tasty food (though not everything tastes like truly authentic Malaysian, i.e. the noodle dishes.)Biggest PLUS is that they deliver all the way to TriBeca!I usually place a group order with coworkers.  Our favorites are the Nesi Lamak, Roti Canai appetizer, Curried Chicken with Rice, and Hainanese Chicken with Rice.I also love that they are on seamless and delivery.com since that is how we place most of our lunch orders.  Easy to peruse those sites based on our location to see who delivers in our area.I have never eaten here and only get delivery from here.
I've been going to their Brooklyn 8th avenue location and Manhattan location for years. I was out of state for about a year and came back to Nyonya a couple of days ago and am sad to say their quality in food has decreased substantially. We ordered the Roti Prata, the curry was so watered down that it was basically soup. I ordered the chicken curry in the rice dish category while my friend ordered the seafood with crispy noodles. Everyone else that were seated and ordered after us received their food before us. I understand that some food takes a bit more time, but when I received my chicken curry, I asked a waiter where my rice was, and he said someone will bring it to you. We waited for about 15 minutes before I went up to another waiter who told me the dish didn't come with rice. I then spoke to the lady mending the cash register who said someone would take care of me shortly, another 10 minutes passed before the lady herself took my chicken curry away and told me they had the order wrong. A few minutes later she came back with the same chicken curry, except with a few pieces of chicken short with rice. What in the world were they going to do with the few pieces of chicken? Serve it to another customer? I could've touched it, why take it back? Extremely disappointed.
Good for taste but they  need to improve their quality of service. 4 stars total for taste only.
The house special stir fried squid and Shrimps with Ladies Fingers (okra) Malaysian Style were the highlights of our meal. The Hainanese chicken and Prawn Mee were good, although I think I prefer Zuiji or Drunken Chicken more and while the Prawn Mee was good, I wouldn't say it was something I'd get again.That said, the okra was fantastic and the squid was really good (albeit a bit too saucy). All in all, it was a good meal and a place we'd go back to again for sure.
This was our second time trying Malaysian food. This place has many options so we are not sure if we ordered the wrong things, but the food didn't stand up to the expectations. We got Poh piah - Steamed malasian spring rolls stuffed with shrimp, eggs, white turnip, dried onion Nasi lemak - Coconut rice flavored with screwpine leaves with chilli, anchovies, pickles, curried chicken with hard boiled eggs. and Roti telur - Traditional Indian influenced pancake stuffed with eggs and onions. All the things were good but nothing exceptional or worth remembering.
I have been wanting to come here for ages and at last I got to try some Malaysian food. This place has always been extremely popular. I came here for lunch on a weekday and this place definitely fills up. My friend and I shared a whole bunch of delicious dishes.We started off with the Roti Canai, a delicious thin-like crepe that is relatively crisp, dipped in a delicious chicken curry sauce. The roti had a great chew to it and the curry was full of flavor with chunks of tender chicken in it. We then shared the fried taro dish which is one of my most favorite things. I love this type of fried taro. Crisp on the outside, soft with mashed taro on the inside. Paired with the seafood makes it a complete hit. Plenty to share between 2-4 people. We lastly shared the seafood egg chow fun. Stir fried chow fun on the bottom, topped with this egg soupy sauce with shrimp. Very good, very different from any other type of chow fun I have ever had before.Overall, delicious Asian food! A great lunch.
Not sure this place needs yet another review but...I've already started so let's get this ball rolling. All of the dishes that people generally recommend are great. The appetizer with the dipping sauce is crispy/chewy and a great way to start off the meal. The hainan chicken and rice is delicious. The rendang beef is so tender and good. The indian mi goreng is flavorful and tasty. The special pork with dried vegetable is so fragrant (and fatty! But in the best way). The fried taro with seafood and veggies is also delish though maybe my least favorite of the set. All of the above split amongst 4 people came out to 18 dollars per person including tip. What a deal! I'm definitely going back. Going with a group is definitely the way to do it so you can try as many things on their extensive menu as possible!
Hang out with friends on Friday night, this place is packed. The wait is around 30 mins. Place is simply deco,  looks clean. We ordered hainan chicken, nan bread with curry dip, okra with shrimp,  watercress,  curry beef stew, Shirmp fry rice. My favorite dish is curry beef stew and okra with shrimp.  Fry rice taste under average, too bland. Watercress is okay, small portion.Service is okay,  our food is slow, beef stew is first to be served, the second dish arrived 15 mins apart.
The food is really good!!! One of the best restaurants in Chinatown. I recommend the three dishes I ordered with my friend: 1. Nyonya House Special Squid: it's not very spicy, and the sauce tastes like fried fish pieces. 2. Kang Kung Belacon3. Seafood Tom Yam Soup: it comes with seafood and noodles. We also ordered coconut rice, the rice is very soft. CASH ONLY! They already calculated gratuity for the bill. Take a look at your bill before you pay.
One of the best chicken rice I've had. Authentic. Btw, they don't accept credit card here.
So you're craving Malaysian, ehy?Nasi Lemak is my favorite Malaysian dish. Coconut rice served with curry, anchovies, boiled egg and cucumbers. My favorite place to eat this is at Penang in Philly. But this spot did a pretty OK job as well. They served some type of pickled vegetables as well but I found them just whatever. Roti Canai similar to naan is what I look forward to at Malaysian restaurants, especially when it's thin and slightly crispy. It was more crispy here but still yum! Overall this restaurant has a large variety of both Malaysian and Chinese food with lunch specials. It's cheap, yummy and definitely a good try for Malaysian food.
Food so good!!  This place will be one of my favorite restaurant. I'm highly recommended hainan chicken, me and my friend love it.    I will come back again and try something else.
ordered Hainan Chicken rice, about 9 bucks.3 stars to the chicken, tasty, flavoured, the wings was extra soft. Like the ginger sweer n sour dipping sauce, blend very well with the chicken n rice.1 star to the rice (mixed with chicken oil), yum!**if u prefer low sodium, order the chicken with soy sauce on the side. (look at the pic, it's a bit too much for me)
If you wanna do lunch takeout, call 15 minutes in advance cause this place gets BUSY. My go-to is the Indian mee goreng. Not too heavy, well-scorched by the wok, and complemented well by the curry spice and lemon.
Food was full of flavor and delicious, only reason i couldn't give it a 5 is because of minute details. Started with the roti canai which was delicious as always with the curry dipping sauce, but the roti itself was a tad too thin and crispy where every piece I broke off would just shatter into a million pieces (kinda like the small remain bits at the bottom of a bag of chips). The  beef rendang was also flavorful but what I miss most from the dish is the beef/tendon pieces. Sure, you're probably getting your money's worth with the whole chunks of beef. But I was looking forward to the flavorful tendon. The remaining dishes I had, the Mee Siam and the stir fried okra was on point with no gripe.All in all, I'd still come back here because Nyonya is still hits the spot for Malaysian.
Horrible experience with mediocre food and bad service. The waiter gave us 2 minutes to look at the menu and forgot our rice with our entrees. Only brought it when we asked another waiter about it 10 min after our entrees were brought out. The most appalling part- after leaving a 3 dollar tip for a 38 dollar bill we were stopped by the waiter demanding a bigger tip. He insisted that we must leave more money, almost creating a scene in the restaurant full of people. Only stopped when another waiter stepped in and let us go. Also, the restaurant is cash only, and in today's day and age that is a huge red flag. (IRS ANYONE? ) Looks like the waiters are grossly underpaid because other reviews on yelp state similar experiences about being hassled for more tip money. Just unacceptable.
Loved this place! There was a long line out the door, but my friend and I got sat immediately cuz we were willing to share a table (sat at a big round table with 2 other groups). I was literally smiling at the menu lol I love that they had pictures of everything in their menu. Service was great too. Delicious Malaysian food. Remember to bring cash as it's cash only!! Ordered: Roti Canai - yum! Flaky yet chewy pancake that you dip in curry Curry Mee with Shredded Chicken - another yum! Satisfying egg noodle curry soup
Solid Malaysian place. Nice ambience especially for an Asian place and fast service. I ordered the casserole mutton which kept hot in the casserole. Tender and flavorful meat. Comfort food. Super nutritious. I also got the Chinese herb pork soup to start. The soup was amazingly flavorful but the pork had quite a bit of skin / fat on them - difficult to digest as the only solid- form ingredient in the soup.
I love Malaysian food but ..this is disappointing. I really wish I could bump it up to 3 stars because the server is really great but the food isn't letting me. To give some credit to the server, he was genuinely friendly and attentive. We ordered 5 starters that came in much bigger portions compared to the pictures so he gave us a bigger table. Asked if I wanted water instead of tea, gave us more napkins, saw that all our food didn't come out yet and personally went to fetch it without being asked to. :/ The reason why I think the food isn't so great is because the tofu, fishcakes, and roti canai have a stale taste texture.
I ordered food based on the review here and recommendations from my friends. One quick summary of my experience - not as good as I thought.I heard so many good things about this place, but my impression was that it was a normal meal. The soup was great - goji and other spice, the flavor was unique. But we also ordered vegetables and chicken with rice, which are both mediocre.Plus we waited 20 Minutes to be seated and it's cash only. The people who brought us to the table kept saying "be quick be quick". My friend and I were like, wth how many things should we put up with here?
Overall, this place is a 4.5/5. The only reason it lost half a star was because I received some of my appetizers after my actual meal. I got the roti cani and crispy pork intestines as appetizers. Roti cani was very crispy yet soft, complemented by a curry sauce. If you have any leftover curry sauce, mix it with any rice dish you have - BOMB! The crispy pork intestines was crispy on the outside and chewy for the rest. It came with a slightly sweet sauce (possibly hoisin sauce?). I didn't really like the scallions in the middle of it though. I would still order it again.I then ordered Hainese Chicken with rice and tom yum soup. There's nothing to criticize about the chicken. It was just a bang for the buck. The tom yum soup was definitely spicy lol so watch out. I ended the meal with Malaysian iced tea and a happy smile on my face :) I have tried a lot of Malaysian places, none coming close to the this place in Boston. BUT... this place definitely matches up.  I'LL BE BACK (voice of Arnold Schwarzenegger).
I was in Chinatown working and decided to stop by here for some lunch at 1:20pm. Walked in  and I could tell it was semi packed because it's around late lunch time. We were seated very quickly and we placed our order of 2 Rotis and half a Hainanese chicken and the chicken costed $12.95 around 1:25pm. I watched as many other costumers got their Rotis and food, while my friend and I waited for 45 mins for 1 Roti and the 2nd roti came out about 4 mins afterwards. After a few more mins our chicken came out. The service was a little slow today. I was eating the Hainanese chicken and it was very dry  my friend said it had an odd taste to it but I believe it was just the sauce. I was a little disappointed in the chicken today. The roti was pretty good, but the curry sauce that came with it was a little too chunky for me. As another table sat next to my friend and I they received their food much faster than me.Service 4 Food 4 Atmosphere 6
They really need more staff. It took them a while to bring out our orders, we had to wave down the staff to get our tea filled twice and I literally had to go get my own forks because all of them were busy. The Hokkien char mee I ordered was also super oily. Hopefully will have a better experience next time.
Nyonya is my first choice for Malaysian food in New York City. Nyonya executes many dishes well, and is great for large groups.Recommended: - Beef Rendang- Roti Prata: Excellent. Recommended over the Roti Canai, which in itself is very good. This dish is also easier to share than the latter in a group setting -- just ask a waiter to snip it into smaller portions with scissors.- Fried Pearl Noodles- Roti Canai- Hainanese Chicken- Mango Chicken: Good, but could use more chicken. - Chinese Watercress. Very good, if a bit salty. I prefer this over the Kang Kung Belacan (water spinach).- Salted Fish with Eggplant: Good, but they had a lettuce wrap at the bottom, even though eggplant is an inexpensive ingredient.Other:- Shrimp with Lady Fingers: Okra with shrimp and shrimp paste. Mediocre.- Cheng Lai Stingray: Either poorly executed or not fresh. Consider Sanuria on Doyer Street for a better stingray.
Some good were good, some were just ugh. I had noodles that were all broken  veggies that tasted still raw. They served their food pretty fast too which was a good thing. Service was eh... Some workers knew Chinese  some were just clueless. They didn't really check up on us  we needed water. Asked for water, she only gave us 2 out of 9 people. Overall, pretty busy place  this place is okay.
Michelin recommended and Zagat rated mean this place probably serves good Malaysian food. Yea, I wasn't disappointed. My party of 3 got 2 Roti, Tom Yum soup, Ong choy with shrimp paste (water spinach), Beef curry in clay pot and Hainanese chicken. The family style dinner wouldn't be complete without some coconut and buttered rice. The portions were big and the prices reasonable. All of that food only cost us $50 (cash only)!!! Too bad my taste buds didn't like the soup that much. I found it a little too sour for my liking. One star was deducted due to service. There were many tables and probably not enough staff. No one ever came to refill our water without me asking. That wouldn't stop me from coming back for the food!!Also try beef rendang (most popular beef dish in the house) - tender beef cubes lathered with thick curry sauce; poh piah for appetizer - malaysian spring roll drizzled with oyster sauce and sriracha; and chendol - an alternate version of ABC that tastes like this Chinese candy I can't quite put my hand on.
Great quality and pretty authentic!! After coming back from Malaysia and Singapore we were happy to have found a place that we can go back to. Get the fresh coconut here and once you're done they'll chop it in half for you! The hokkien mee noodles is a rare find in the city and was so happy to find it here. The sauce is not as thick as it could be but the flavor is pretty spot on.
Really good service. decent prices-cash only. Curry veggie soup was so good!!!! Great ambience. Highly recommend.
Just going straight into it, because I can't hold it in. The Roti Canai is SO GOOD. It's amazing. It's a party in my mouth. I was raving about how good it was throughout the whole meal and after. My friends and I were saying we should have just ordered 10 of those and called it a day. I fully recommend the dish if you couldn't tell.Moving on:Mango Shrimp: Also delicious. A nice blend of tangy, sweet and sour flavors with a hint of spiciness--a very familiar taste.Hainanese Chicken with Rice: I believe the rice is cooked in chicken broth. It's delicious also. The chicken dish is pretty standard traditional dish, but for me personally, I could do without. Probably the least favorite of the night for our group, but that's just our preference. It's not bad in any way.Beef Chow Fun: Safe dish--you can't go wrong. Delicious also.I definitely want to come back. Everything was good. Bring cash like everyone says.
There's a ton of reviews, over 1000 to be precise so I will make it quick and sweet. Nonya is a Malaysian restaurant in Little Italy next the famous gelato place Ferrera. The place is a great spot for Malaysian food, even knowing how many restaurants there are in Chinatown. I would say the food here is spot on, there's nothing I can really complain about. We ordered for 2, roti prata(thick), the chicken satay, hainanese chicken with rice, and beef chow fun. The hainan chicken is actually pretty good, and the peanut sauce is good for the satay, even compared to all the other places I've tried. In fact, overall the dishes we've had tasted like real Malaysian(although I woudn't know what real Malaysian tastes like since I'm not) but it was definitely good.  Pricing was affordable, service was "available", which isn't bad so I'm definitely a fan that would come back if I want some good Malaysian food in the area. I'd like to come back and try the beef randang next time. Since I'm allergic to shellfish and 80% of the noodle dishes have shrimp, unfortunately I'll be hard pressed to try many of the other dishes. Lastly, try their beverages. I had the Malaysian ice tea and enjoyed it thoroughly.
The food here is good, especially the noodle soups. But I'm not on here to rave about their food, their service was so bad this last time, I'm bringing them down to 2 stars.At minute 15 from when we ordered, I let the waiters know our food had not come at all. Not even our appetizer. At minute 20, my friend's food comes out at the same time as the appetizer. Great, fine but where's my entree?"Hi, can you check on my order?" "Hello, I've been waiting for my order for awhile now." "Hi, is my order coming?" Three asks, zero replies, and 15 minutes later, my noodle soup comes. I waited a whole 35 minutes from when I ordered for my food to come - that is ridiculous and absolutely unacceptable. If you didn't put my order ticket in, just be honest. I asked you the first time for a reason, so be diligent in making sure I've got everything when you do bring the food out.This tells me that they have poor management of order tickets and food isn't coming out on time for guests. I believe in quality service. No matter how good your food is, if you cannot manage your restaurant operationally, it will not work. If you can't deliver on time, don't deliver at all. I'll look somewhere else.
Walked around Little Italy and majority of the places had long lines because of the warm weather. Finally came to this place and decided to come in for lunch because my friend and I was tired and just wanted to eat at that point. Walked in. This place is in need of brighter lighting. I'm not sure if they purposely used dim lighting to create some sort of atmosphere but it's waaaaaaaay too dark in there. Service was pretty mediocre. The servers only came around in the beginning and left you alone for the rest of the meal. I couldn't even ask for a new napkin or someone to refill my cup of water. Inconvenient! I ordered the pearl fried noodle and was beyond disappointed. Pearl fried noodle are my go to at Malaysian restaurants so I know what quality pearl fried noodle should taste like. These were bland and just sad. I'm not sure how else I can describe them.I definitely won't be coming back to this place since my favorite Malaysian restaurant is just several blocks away.
I've been coming here for more than 10 years now and it never disappoints! Their roti canai is the best I've ever had and no other place can seem to top it's flavor or price! The asam laksa (which they always warn you before you order it because of its spiciness and fishy-ness) is a gem off the menu. If you want authentic, well-priced and delicious Malaysian food, Nyonya is the place to go!
Their hainanese chicken is amazing!!!!! That with an order of tong choy and chicken rice.. You'll be super satisfied.
It doesn't take much to satisfy me.  Just feed me Malaysian food!!  More specifically, Hainanese Chicken with the Hainanese Chicken rice and chili dipping sauce, Malaysian-style Water Spinich with the shrimp paste and chili sauce, and Roti Canai, which is translated as Indian Pancake, with the curry dipping sauce!The Hainanese Chicken is so smooth and delectable.The Water Spinach is so savory and hearty.The Indian Pancake is so crispy and crunchy.Nyonya is still one of my favorite places for my Malaysian food cravings~!
Been here several times and everytime I've been here the quality has always been good, although a little inconsistent at times.I've ordered the chicken curry, beef rendang, roti cani, and hainanese chicken here. The ingredients were fresh and they always tasted clean and well prepared.the chicken curry has to be my favorite dish here, although the quality can be inconsistent. If its done right here, the chicken is incredible tender and moist, and the curry always has a right blend of coconut milk with the various other spices.the other dishes taste great, but the quality is not too far off from other decent malaysian restaurants. interior in the restaurant is gorgeous definitely come here if you're in the mood and happen to be in chinatown
Sunday funday dinner review. Let's roll.We checked in a minute to 8 and were informed of a 15 minute wait time for a party of 3. They were on the dot with their estimation and seated us snugly near the rear of the shop. Food prices were fair and the group wasn't in a voracious mood for the evening so we stuck to 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, and 2 bowls of rice (white and chicken broth). Opting for that good ol' family style.The roti canai as everyone and their ancestors before me have raved of was delicious. Crispy fried roti with a smooth chicken curry dip. Capital A for amazing. Tough act to follow but the two entrees held their own. The Chow Kueh Teow (first dish of the fried noodle menu) was advertised spicy but I experienced no kick. Or at least it was minute enough that it went over my head.The Hainanese chicken must've been Aladdin in disguise though, cause it showed me a whole new world. Finger-snappin, lip-smackin, delicious. Best of 3 Malaysian restaurants I've tried within the past 2 months. A must-try if you're in the neighborhood (or even if you're not). As a tip, if you want to avoid the dinner rush, the wait time nearing 9pm is practically none.I'll definitely be back for more!
The ABC dessert doesn't get enough credit here on Yelp. Nyonya does a very authentic shaved ice dessert called ABC, which contains red bean, palm seed (like longan), sweet corn, and jelly, topped with shaved ice and rose syrup. They have a no-frills shaved ice that is finer in texture than the hawaiian shaved ice, but not cut in the fancy sheets like taiwanese or korean shaved ice. However, this is pretty much actually how it's served in Singapore / Malaysia. It also tastes and feels healthier without all the artificial flavoring, hydrogenated corn syrup, and cream that is common in other frozen desserts.The hainanese chicken rice was only okay in my opinion (in comparison to the actual dish in Malaysia). It looked like they added tumeric, which created an almost artifical looking yellow color to the rice, instead of the yellow which is colored by the chicken. Also, there wasn't much chicken flavor in the rice. I've definitely tried others in LA, SF, and even Portland that have more chicken rice flavor! The chicken was quite delicious though, and I liked the Chef's special soy sauce.
Nothing like a white-meat hainanese chicken over chicken rice when you don't feel like cooking. If possible, to-go is the best route as it is cash only, and the portions are better. Indulge in some roti canai too have the most well-rounded meal as pleasurable as a trip to the spa
The food is mouth watering good. Been here a couple of times spread over the course of a few years and Nyonya has always surpassed expectations. What's more impressive is that it's always a couple of different dishes each time and the food is consistently good no matter what you pick. Most recently we tried the Hainanese chicken, Malaysian spare ribs, tofu pot and my fam thoroughly enjoyed the food. The tastes were uniquely distinct and flavorful. This place is a gem and I'll definitely be back for more.
I could have died eating my lunch today.I ordered the Nasi Lemak -- it's a typical Malaysian rice dish that has a little bit of everything. Little did I know that in addition to the random, small chunk of pineapple in the onions, this dish also had a surprise little bit of metal included in the meat. There was a staple hidden inside the chicken curry that I, luckily, fished out of my mouth. Had I unknowingly swallowed it and perforated my stomach lining or other parts of my gastrointestinal tract with the sharp portion of the staple, I may not have been able to write this review.If you value your life, do not eat at this place.P.s. There were only two measly pieces of dry white meat curry chicken (unfortunately, I have to say the sauce tasted better than the chicken). There are no peanuts in this version -- just anchovy with onion, cucumber with cabbage, 1/2 boiled egg, chicken curry and coconut rice.
This place is CASH ONlY. It is interesting and strange that mandatory 15% service charge was added to the bill for our party of just two. When my friend was taking away the change, I saw the server behind were staring at him and then tapped on the computer to check something which I guess was the bill including tips or not?
Good chicken rice and ice kachang. Char Kway Teow (singapore fried rice noodles) were pretty good but missed the wok-hei subtlety. Need to ask the server to add make Kangkong Belachan more spicy to make it authentic.
Nyonya is another one of my go-to places.It's one of the Malaysian restos with staying power and good food. Now housed next to Ferrara's, of all places  in Little Italy. Also, the decor is now hip  modern.  Wish the light in center of resto was pointing downward, to lend more light to read the menu and see the food infront of our noses. I ordered the Malaysia sweet  sour pork served in a tostada-like bowl.  The pork is lightly battered and there is some sauteed onions and peppers. The tostada-like bowl tasted like rice flour or something, I didn't enjoy that part of my meal.  I'll still come back.
We went here again and the food and service were sadly not up to par. We prolly won't come back here...
Decor: 4/5-plenty of seating-dark wood Service: 3.5/5-appears that the younger ones know English betterFood: 4/5-Roti Canai - just as everyone has raved about. It is that good. Get more than one because it will be gone fast! (5/5)-Chinese Watercress #4 - fairly standard greens, tasty (3/5)-Masak Lemak #10 - not greasy and flavorful (4/5)-Clam with Tomyum #24 - not as sour as I'd like it but decent enough to satiate my tomyum cravings (3/5)-Spare Ribs Malaysian Style- came fried. Some meat fell off the bone while others didn't. (2.5/5)-Chicken Rice - nothing special (3/5)
Recommendations: Hainanese Chicken, Beef rendang, Singaporean rice noodles Shrimp w/ ladies fingers is kind of strange - I think they use a fish sauce that leaves a weird aftertaste and doesn't mesh well with whatever spices are in the dishOh - definitely start with roti canai! And if you like coconut, try the fresh coconut drink. It's literally a whole coconut that you sip out of during your dinner!!
Ok, I'm biased, I love Malaysian food.Malaysian satay sauce is the best satay sauce bar none. Traditional Malaysian satay uses Mortar and Pestle hand crushed peanuts to create the sauce. You can taste the love, or is it the sweat that goes into making this sauce.Roti is the croissant of asian breads, so much more moist and delicate than say indian Nan bread.Nyonya delivers the goods and some. They have a more extensive menu than any other Malaysian restaurant I have encountered in the US. The long line and wait to get in makes it obvious they are doing something right here.This was my first time to Nyonya, so I decided to stick with the Malaysian classics to see how well they did these.Roti Canai - Delicate croissant like fried bread with a curry dipping sauce - awesome, even had big chunks of meat in the curry dipping sauce.Poh Piah - Steamed Malaysian spring rolls - very goodChow Keuh Teow - Malaysian version of Pad Thai - very goodI also tried the Okra and Shrimp with shrimp paste which was excellent.Shrimp paste is a key ingredient in several malaysian dishes.The decor, ambiance and service were all very good. This is a cash only establishment, hit the ATM before you get here.Nyonya is a way cool place. With a menu that is both fresh and authentic and also very extensive, I can see I am going have to come back quite a few times to work my way through this menu.
4 stars because I'm Malaysian and I miss home. It's definitely better than some other 'Malaysian' restaurants I've tried and I'm impressed with the variety. The rendang is pretty good taste-wise but the meat could be more tender as it's traditionally supposed to be. Cash only - could be inconvenient but they have an ATM outside for people like me who didn't read the Yelp reviews thoroughly beforehand. Though nothing compares to food from back home, Nyonya certainly satisfies some of my cravings :)
The thing with success is it can be very bad for a business as it can be good, depends on how they continue to service their customers (especially one that has been coming since the beginning). I placed my order for pickup over the phone and upon arrival was asked to wait as my order was not ready (which is fine, I've waited many times before and not for long). They are usually speedy at least the kitchen is. In this instance, and I believe this lady is an owner, or partner, or manager as I've seen her throughout the years was too busy counting the register irregardless that my order was packed and places on the checkout counter. I sat there wondering what was up with the kitchen but upon asking I realized that she just did not care that their were orders ready and customers sitting waiting for their orders. This is NYC, don't waste a New Yorkers time. Treat your customers well or best of luck as this city has much to offer and many a willing to greet and service customers properly and readily.
Omg this place is the bomb for authentic Singaporean food! Must try hainanese chicken!
In NYC and was looking for a late night dinner- what's better than Asian food?  Everything was great here especially the twice salted fish fried rice.  I had sting ray here for the first time and loved it- the texture was very similar to crab claw meat.  A pretty solid place but some things could have been better.  The beef with peanut sauce we ordered was pretty tough in texture.
Real yummy place to eat. Food comes out fast and fresh and hot. Everything has a lil spice to it. The place is cool and the employees are great. Would come here again.
This place was only remotely busy around 4 PM when we arrived.  We just missed their lunch special window but its okay.Hainanese chicken with chili dipping sauce - pretty good.  I think its the sauce that makes the dish.  The rice is cooked with the sauce from cooking the chicken so the rice itself is flavorful.  I think one plate is not enough for a guy.  Au89 certainly ate more than one.  Wait.  Maybe it was because I couldn't finish mine.  Nevermind.Service is okay, the place looked nice in the front but not so much towards the back.  Very spacious.
Highly recommend shrimp noodle, creamy hot soup is really good! I like Hainan chicken but my be doesn't cuz the chicken is cold. Soy milk with jelly is nothing special. The soy milk is not homemade is something from supermarket.
It's been a month since my last visit, and I was taken aback by how the dishes have changed. I went with the seafood egg chow fun this time,  and my other friends ordered the prawn mee and Tom yum noodle soup. Compared to the last time, the quality of the prawn mee broth deteriorated. It was spicier this time, but the deep seafood flavor was missing, almost as if they replaced the quality of the broth with heat. It was disappointing considering how it was the broth that really made the dish stand out. The room him broth was too store for my liking. The seafood egg chow fun was alright, but the scallops had a strange fishy taste. Compared to the bigger, taller bowl that my friend's came in the last time I was here, mine was in a shallower, but wider dish. Overall, the dish was decent, but lacking because it seemed to taste like msg, not really standing out in any way.
I expected coconut rice with choice of meat (I chose shrimp): Nasi Lemak. What I got was plain slightly crusty white rice, shrimp cooked in a spicy oyster sauce. Nevertheless, I finished my meal. Could have been called Spicy oyster sauce over rice with choice of meat, instead of Nasi Lemak.
It's like the combination of Chinese and Thai. The dishes here are consistent, I have been eating here for more than ten years, remember they used to be across the street, but the taste, service are always great. Dishes I like include the Tum Yum vermicelli soup, salt fish fried rice and the egg tofu hot platter. Some Malaysia friends says the sauce is not authentic, which refers to the very fishy and salty shrimp paste. I prefer this restaurant personally. You get your food very fast.
This is one if those places that started out very divey (but authentic and delicious) but then got very popular with tourists. The two times I've been here, once for lunch and once for dinner, the place was packed! I don't think it's bad when you go in with two people, but for bigger parties, be prepared to wait at least 15-20 min.Their food is alright in terms of Malaysian food. I'm half Malaysian so I've been fortunate enough to eat my way through different cities of Malaysia. The first time I came here, I got their rendang chicken and most of what I got was skin and bones, barely any meat. Their roti canai was all crispy instead of having a proper soft to crispy ratio. Their Siam fried noodles was very good, though...a little too oily for my liking, but good. But Siam = Thailand, so it's a fusion dish at best.And like with most Chinatown restaurants, their service was spotty and rushed due to the line. As with any Malaysian place, ask for their hot sauce (Malay Jan). It's made with shrimp paste and is different from the usual tomato/vinegar based hot sauces.
The food was pretty darn good! The beef Rendang was really bomb and had a lot of flavor. Service was a bit slow, but there were a lot of people
Really brilliant Malaysian. Exceptional beef rendang,  wonderful sesame chicken, King pork buff, butter roti to start.  Great food served in a bustling authentic environment. Took a Singaporean coworker here. She was blown away by the authenticity and quality of her region's home cuisine. We've been multiple times and never not found it to be spot on.  Service can be slightly slow out of the blocks but food arrives in good time.
I took my family out here for Father's day and I almost ordered half the menu. Everything was so delicious! But beware, they only take cash so we had to make a mad dash to the ATM. Here is what we ordered and what I thought:Appetizers: Roti Teleur- typical Indian pancake with curry dipping sauce. It is their signature dish so I would definitely recommend getting it. Nyonya Rojak- fruit salad with squid. Very different kind of appetizer that was tasty.Noodles:Seafood scramble egg chow fun- a really large dish so it was great for sharing. It had a bit of everything from vegetable to seafood to noodles. It was a bit too runny to eat on the plates and we had to ask for bowls so it is more like a noodle soup. Vegetable:Chinese watercress- this was probably my least favorite dish of the night. There just wasn't anything too special about it but it was still very good. Seafood:Shrimp with eggplant malaysian style- delicious! The shrimps were fresh and the eggplant garlic sauce was just right. Lobster in their house special sauce- their house special sauce was amazing. I wanted to take home the sauce so I could eat it as leftovers but thought that would be a bit much. The lobster on the other hand wasn't very meaty. Fried red snapper in house special sauce- again house special sauce was banging. The red snapper was pretty good but I realized I don't prefer my fish fried so next time I want to try the sea bass in house special sauce which was the other fish the waiter recommended. We also got two plates of hainanese chicken, which comes with this amazing tart dipping sauce. Everyone got either a bowl of coconut rice or rice in chicken broth. I wasn't able to try the rice in chicken broth but I heard it was very good. The coconut rice was delicious. It was so flavorful that I could eat it by itself without anything else. To top everything off, we got rounds of Tiger beer which complemented the food very well. This restaurant is very loud so it's not good for a quiet date. I can't wait to come back here!
it's an asian style fast service restaurant, always crowded at night, be prepared to wait a little. food is pretty good for what it is, fresh and tasty. recommended for very casual gathering.
Great service and great food!  Shrimp Puffs, Nyonya Chicken Wings and Singapore Rice Noodles were very good!
Both my friend and I felt sick after eating here. Even though the food tasted good I just can't give anything other than a one star if the food is not clean.
Five stars= food, three stars = service.Recommended: Roti canal app. We almost did not order this, but after seeing dish After dish of it being served all around us in a super packed restaurant, we needed to see what it was all about. The coconut curry dipping sauce was great! My dish: Beef tripe soup. Good, though I would have expected more tripe than cubes of beef stew. It was a very busy night, so service was a bit so-so. We asked for water three times and our dishes came out one by one, so as a group, we didn't start eating until the third and last person got their good. I'd definitely come back again. Dish we should've ordered: the spinach- again, we saw many orders of this being whipped out to tables, so it must be good, right?
I loved this place! The appetizers were amazing! I tried the rotoi, beef skewers, and chicken wings. They were all good.As for the actual entrees, they were good but not great. I had the beef chow fun and It was decent. I was really won over by the appetizers!Thai iced tea was also yummy and I loved the coconut pudding dessert! Def recommend!
WOW Nyonya, the food variety really impressed me. Of all the dishes we ordered, the Sarang Burong is the best - it's the shaped fried taro stuffed with shrimp and chicken. The look was sooooo cute. Never ever had taro that way either! I think just that one dish made the whole visit worthwhile. Hainanese chicken is reminiscent of a Shanghainese dish to me, therefore, I felt happily  fulfilled. Most Chinese people would love it - it's quite salty; but unlike the "taro pie" above, I don't know if this is a likable dish for a larger group of audience.=)Dining at Nyonya is relaxing and chill, so I would highly recommend for any family's casual get-together. Probably cuz it's around Xmas time - the whole indoor decor was very bling-bling and warrrrrm. Happy holidays!(I can't wait to try more dishes on their menu. )
High end take out. Everything is really salty but still delicious. High points are claypot noodles, garlic chicken with coconut rice, saltfish fried rice, roti canai. Th braised rice noodle with egg is great too!The place itself is a bit depressing and loud but like i said, great for delivery or take away.
Nyonya is honestly one of the best Malaysian restaurants I have ever been to. I love the dimly lit, not too noisy atmosphere, and the diverse group of people who visit. A must try is the homemade roti canai which is often described as a very thin, light Indian pancake with a curry as a dipping sauce. Other dishes I enjoy are a beef, coconut curry (beef rendang) and a thin noodle dish with shrimp and squid (chow kueh teow). The only con is that they ONLY ACCEPT CASH, which is pretty annoying.
One of my biggest pet peeves is when places add additional criteria than what they say they accept. Place says it closes at midnight tried ordering from seamless started my cart by time was done said place was no longer taking deliveries so I know it's still open for 2 and a half hours and I'm less than a half mile away I call the restaurant directly to place my order, after getting down all my info and phone number and order the guy tells me suddenly they are doing cash only when I know they accept credit cards. Blows my mind you may think you're saving time but in the long run you're losing a loyal customer
The food is all very flavorful. We got 3 orders between the two of us. Loved the taro dish Sarang Burong.  It reminds me of dim sum but better.  Nasi lemak had delish coconut flavored rice and tender chicken. Kang Kung Belancan had just the right amount of shrimp paste.  We wanted to order Hainan chicken but our bellies were too full with delicious food.  Wish this place would open in So. Cal.
I'm a Malaysian from Melaka, the food paradise of Malaysia and the origin of Baba Nyonya culture ! I love almost all the food here at Nyonya, such as Wat Dan Hor ( noodle with smooth egg gravy), Hakka style braised pork with yam, asam laksa, roti canai, kangkung sambal, satay, nasi lemak, rendang kari, steam whole fish Nyonya style, etc..But the texture of their Hainanese Chicken is too bland, rough and dry ( in Melaka Malaysia, we use free range chicken which you can feel the muscular texture, juiciness and natural sweetness of the meat), the Cendol dessert is not authentic because they don't use the aromatic Gula Malaka ( coconut sugar from Melaka Malaysia), their Char Kuew Teow is very disappointing because they use very thin rice noodles which have less chewiness. The real Char Kuew Teow requires thicker flat rice noodles.
Place is pretty decent, located somewhat in the outer areas of Chinatown (borderline with Little Italy). It's pretty crowded but clears out in waves. The Roti Canai is similar to other places (a flaky thinly stretched pancake like bread with a side of sweet curry with a piece of chicken and potato), seems to be something a lot of people order. Fried Squid Balls were a disappointment (has too much starch and not enough Squid). Best skip out on it and try another appetizer.The coconut rice is additional charge (does have strips of ginger inside so don't be grossed out if you see them), pairs well with curried or spicy flavored dishes.Hainanese Chicken with rice is good, slightly above room temperature (bones are a tad red, but Asians tend to cook it that way to achieve the silky meat texture). The seasoned soy sauce along with the garlic lemon chili gives the chicken several different flavors (so it's not boring!)Nyonya House Special Blue Crabs perhaps may not have been in season (they gave us three crabs) so it was less meaty and smaller in size. Sauce is made of crushed dried shrimp (I originally thought it was made with canned dace as sauce base) with sweetened chilli. Very dark, greasy and meaty. Must be paired with rice or some citrus drink to cut the grease. Overall the meal was decent and acceptable, given it being a fairly cheap meal. Happy funfun time...burp!
Perhaps my favorite Malaysian restaurant in downtown area, went here with Singaporean friends
If you miss Malaysian/Singaporean food and need a fix, this is the place you need to go to. My eyes were bigger than my belly, but I had to have it all. The prawn mee and Assam laksa are as close to home as I've ever had anywhere in the world. Simply divine!! I was so happy I almost cried. Now can you guys please open a place in NorCal? We have zero Malaysian/Singaporean food there!!
Almost a hidden gem, this place is affordable, comfortable, modern, and the food is so freaking delicious. It's bold southeast asian comfort food flavors done incredibly well. Get the roti as a starter! The one here is like a cross between a Chinese scallion pancake and an indian roti. You won't be disappointed.
Great Malasyan food for a honest price. We only had three appetizers, but the food was great and service was great too. This is a good place to visit if you are in Chinatown and wants to try something different.
This was a shot inn the dark selection for lunch today. I'm so happy we stopped.I was stationed in Singapore a few years back and since I returned too the states Haver not been able to find food as good as this. Everything we had was fresh and spiced just perfect. If you live Malaysian food or even if your not try it!
I came with a party of 5. We had to wait a bit for the table, but not much longer than you'd expect for a Chinatown restaurant around 8:00. There are many different things on the menu and a wide variety of dishes for you to choose from. My friends ordered a Fried Seafood Noodle, Pineapple Fried Rice, Beef Chow Fun and Chow Kueh Toew while I ordered a Pad Thai. The restaurant seemed understaffed since nobody came by to refill our tea or take our orders until we had to signal them over. We asked for some ice waters and those took forever to come. The food came after what felt like an eternity. The serving sizes were not especially generous, but they were filling nonetheless. The food was delicious and full of flavor.  The prices were well worth it and ultimately it was a fun dining experience. tldr: Good food, good prices. Get ready for a wait, both to get a table and to get food/a waiter's attention.
The roti is definitely outstanding. The rest of the dishes I tried were OK such as the Nasi Goreg. A lot of oil in the dishes. Our waiter was definitely not overly attentive and very distracted.
Hmmm , that is perhaps the only reaction I have at the moment. I am a rice lover to the max, so I am always very critical when it comes to rice dishes , they are either hit or miss. I ordered the pineapple fried rice and it was a miss . The rice was the perfect texture, but the flavor was completely off. The dish lacked enough shrimp, chicken, and pineapple. There was a weird garnish that was a huge turn off.  I expected more based off of the extremely high rating . Do not get your hopes up, that may have been my pitfall . The price should definitely be slashed based on the quality of the meal . My advice: if you are walking by this restaurant, keep it pushing .
LOVE Nyonya. 2nd time eating here and will do so anytime I'm in the area. Had the trifecta of goodness: roti canai, hainan chicken and nasi lemak. All absolutely delicious. The roti in the roti canai they serve a little crispy, which is different than what I'm used to but still really good; the sauce is incredible. Had the beef rendang the 1st time and it was really good too, but my wife didn't like the strong flavor. I've yet to find any better Malaysian food in Manhattan to date.
love the indian bread! But not feel amazing for the hainanese chicken
I love Malay food when I was in Singapore. Hainan chicken is super tender, though it is a little bit lack of flavor. Spinach was too watery, but it might be because it was order-to-go.
It seemed every time I passed by this place, there was a line so naturally, I had to come here to try. We came here on a Wednesday night at around 7pm, and there were plenty of open tables. Between the two of us, we ordered the roti canai (which was amazing), the Hainanese chicken (for some reason, I felt we received a smaller portion than normal), and a plate of noodles (I forgot the name, but I was told it was an authentic Malaysian dish). I really liked the food and would recommend this place. The service wasn't great, but our teapot was refilled when requested and the food came pretty quickly. Looking forward to stopping by again soon.
Cons: Not very friendly staff and "Cash only" policy.Pros: Everything else.Food is great.We ordered Homemade Roti Canai, Crispy Pork intestines, Spicy Crispy Squid, Nyonya House Special Squid and Beef rendang . Everything was absolutely amazing.Highly recommend.
the server was nice, service was quick and the food was super hot(temperature) and fresh.  I got there at the right time since there wasn't a line. When I sat down I saw about 10 people waiting to be seated.  Definitely go before the dinner rush!Pad see ew, and soft shell crab is pretty tasty!
I've eaten here/gotten delivery around 10 times..the food tastes good but last night I got food poisoning. :(  Had to get up 3 times in the middle of the night, plus it's continuing today.I'm probably never coming back again. Can't afford to be sick while at work.
Ordered the Hainanese Chicken and the Roti Canal. The chicken wasn't anything special despite its popularity. But I liked the Roti. I had seen 10 other people that ordered after me get their food first which is why I am dissatisfied with my experience. I will not be coming here again.
BOMB.Best Malaysian style kang kong. Came here twice during a 4 day trip. Favorites were spare ribs, chow fun, kang kong and roti.Even if there is a wait, its never long. Cash only.
I'm a frequent visitor here, and have been since even before they moved from across the street. I'm such a big fan of the food. The service on the other hand is just the worst. I stopped by with a friend for my usual dishes, and the service we received this one particular evening was just the straw that broke the camels back. So here comes the shitty one star Yelp review, bitches! We were seated quickly and the food came fast, hot, and tasty. Delish! It started to get busy so the waitress decided to clear my table before I could finish my food! I gave her the nastiest death stare. She responded to my eyeballs, "done, right?!" "I am now, heffa! How dare you with your grubby little fingers?!" I thought. The check came swiftly after. My friend from New Zealand was finishing up her drink. The waitress came by to check on the bill a minute after. It's not ready. She walks away. A minute later a second waitress comes by to check on the bill. Obviously still not ready, because now you're trying to test me. This waitress steps over to a waiting party nearly hovering over our table and said loud and clear while disgustingly pointing at us, " you can sit there as soon as they leave, but who knows when" as she shrugs and walks away. I scoff! Hand on chest and chin back,  "get the ___ outta hear" in my uncanny Fresh Prince voice. "That's it! 15% tip for you!" My NZ friend said I should've left dust (nothing), but I'm a New Yorker. That's hard to do. 15% is the ultimate slap in the face, no? Shoulda left nothing, huh? I know, I know! I'm a puss puss. Whatevs. The male wait staff are generally nicer than the females. I'll just have to flag down the male waiters. I love their grub too much to give it up. I loathe myself.
I tried the Famous Chicken Noodle Soup at Nyonya and I thought it was pretty good but not my favorite dish.  I wish I had stuck with my instinct and tried one of the other dishes like the Mango Shrimp.  I went during the San Gennaro festival and Nyonya was packed but my sister and I were seated fairly quickly and the service was excellent.  The waiter came to our table very quickly and took our orders.  He was very helpful with the menu which is massive so unless you already know what you want, it might take you some time to decide.  One of the other waiters was very friendly also - checking on us to make sure we were enjoying our meal.  He noticed my sister and I were being a little quiet and he joked with us and asked if we were enjoying our meal.The prices are reasonable - from $5 - $25 or market price for some dishes.  If you pick your dish before the rest of your party, they will put your dish in without waiting on the rest of the table so make sure to tell them to wait so you're not sitting there eating in front of your company or letting your food get cold waiting for them.  I'll go back because everything coming out of the kitchen looked really good and I'd love to try other dishes.
Hainanese chicken with rice! Only 6.75 :) has a sweet soy sauce on the bottom with cilantro on top. It comes with a sweet chill sauce and a plate of rice !
Comfortable restaurant.  The food is decent but the flavors arejust ok.  Given the Malaysian I have had in the past, I expected a richer flavor.2 stars off for the staff member who had a cold and was coughing all over the stack of "clean" plates and tea cups...  One and done for me.
Was really hoping for something good after seeing the reviews. Instead, we had a mix of average and below average food (the prawn dishes are awful: I ate the onions and had to leave the rest), rude waiters and dodgy practices. Two things that stood out: we were served a "freshly squeezed orange juice" that tasted disgusting. When we asked what was in it, they said several spoons of sugar. We said we didn't want sugar (certainly not that much) and hadn't asked for any. He refused to replace it but offered to let us pay for a new one! Then, when the bill came, they had automatically added 18%. The menu said they would do that for tables of 6 or more and we were 3. It was also scribbled on in a way that meant if you weren't looking closely, you could have easily accidentally tipped twice. Definitely won't go back here.
I've come here for years and never had a problem - not one to complain about the food, service in the other hand, I won't hesitate. Maybe I came on a bad day or something, first off - I eat alone when I come here and always sit by the window - there's always a spot close to it, and there was - but nope - i must have thought it was white boy day, but no, it ain't white boy day bro - to the back it is - waited 15 minutes to be asked my order, which is the same - roti cani and spicy Thai chicken over rice, white meat please - and yes, I know what it is! They always ask, as to say, "why do you know about this?!" - I just do - another 20 minutes go by - get my roti Cani - cold - ok - then the spicy Thai chicken came  made up for the roti Cani - but nope - dark meat, thanks... Ugh, I really love it here and hope this is just one bad time - but honestly, I can walk the few extra blocks and enjoy the same food with better service at New Malaysian on Elizabeth off Canal...
Nyonya may not be 'Authentic' in terms of Malaysian food (it's not authentic if you see many NON-ASIANS having lunch at ANY ASIAN restaurant) but it gets the job done for first timers. I'm no first-timer with Malaysian cuisine since one of my best friend Ajieb R is a celebrity back in Malaysia and he introduced me to some of the country's food a while ago.I came here on a lunch date with a Singaporean friend of mine since I was craving Malaysian and Nyonya was always on my Yelp bookmark list. I've had my fair share of Malaysian food in NYC but never really got to try the Nasi Lemak which is uniquely Malaysian as well as the much talked about Sarang Burong. So therefore, we decided to get both dishes.I was kind of disappointed when I found out that the Nasi Lemak wasn't wrapped in banana leaves but served on a white ceramic plate. However, the food was very flavorful and savory. The coconut rice was quite fragrant as well. The Sarang Burong is fried taro in the form of a nest topped with stir-fried shrimp, chicken, snow peas, cashews, and mushrooms. This dish was pretty unique and good! I've never had Taro before but it tasted slightly sweet and had texture of a cross between a sweet potato  cassava (yuca) but great mouthfeel indeed!! Service is pleasant, they don't rush you and most servers seem to speak decent amount of conversational English despite this being an ambiguous area between Chinatown and Little Italy. They also have decent lunch specials ($6.50) from 11-4pm Monday thru Friday. Despite a clean and large restaurant, this place is CASH-ONLY.
Taking a tour of Manhattan and had to get our rive on in Chinatown/Little Italy. Ordered the Sambal Shrimp and Half Garlic Fried Chicken. Food is freah and good portion sizes. Clean and nice ambience to refuel before charging on to the next NY attraction!
Loving the food here and highly recommended :) It's my first time eating here, and as a true Singaporean, I dare say that the food has a lot of authenticity and flavor, and it's comparable to the hawker centers food in Singapore. The price is most definitely reasonable and affordable. Plus, dish portions are generously served too. It's crowded for a good reason :)The staffs are really nice. Diana Lim was one of the staffs who did the ordering and serving. She was very friendly, polite and knowledgeable about the food in the entire menu. She definitely has the stellar customer service :)
Recommend: hainanese chicken over rice is amazing. That chicken aroma steamed into the rice is amazing. Gf asks how many amazings I'm gonna write on this post. If you do spicy, ask for a side of chili padi, it's amazing. Nasi Lamak is dope. Roti canai is a must. Pro tip: Save the curry from roti canai and enjoy w rice with your main entre. End your meal with their coconut jelly dessert. Staff is super friendly. Cash only business, mgmt know what's up.
I love this place, went here for a date night always love the okra with shrimp and beef redang, also tried for the first time, appetizer crispy squid tentacles yum! Spicy with a hint of sweetness and you pop it in your mouth like popcornAnd the price is right!  Cash only
Cash Only! Roti Canai is always a must when eating here. The crispy thin fried roti with the savory curry dipping sauce always puts me in a great mood. One thing I find a huge plus when I walk into a restaurant in Chinatown is the abundance of fresh juices available to order. Cold, refreshing, watermelon juice in season for me is my go to when I'm here. Whenever I get cravings for "various Asian food" when I can't decide exactly what I want, I go here.
Very good Malaysian/Singaporean food. Roti canai is a must appetizer. I always get extra roti! Sarang Burong was pretty good too. Will definitely visit again when in the area.
Service is okay... They basically rush you and want you in and out. They are CASH ONLY.  Food is decent. I only come here when I crave for Roti and curry  Hainanese chicken with coconut rice. But the quality of the food has gotten worse since they have no more competition.
Good food. Would definitely recommend the beef rendang
I love this place! Authentic Malaysian food at really good prices. I've had the Hainanese Chicken Rice and the Siam Fried Noodles and they were both great. The only downside is that they only accept cash, which is always a pain when you're someone who relies on your card.
3 1/2.pretty good...but place is extremely busy therefore service is lackluster. Guy forgot to bring one of our orders. Their loss I guess.Food ranged from decent to pretty good. Will have to try other items next time
Went here b/c of a friend who was super into this place. And also given how I've never had Malaysian food before and was curious to see what it was all about. We walked in and was immediately impressed by the large spaciousness of it all. However, we overheard the employees speaking chinese so were under the impression that it's actually run by non-malaysian folks.We got the classic roti to share, which I was most excited abt. This was the best part of the dinner. The curry sauce that the roti came with was to die for, with bits of slow-cooked chicken-in-bone. The roti bread was soft, warm, and slightly sticky, mm. We also got this app that came with fried pork bits and tofu and shrimp pancake...not a fan. Wasn't sure what was what. We got chicken curry which was good. Chicken was tender and cooked nice and slow, I could tell. The sauce wasn't as good as the curry sauce in the roti. Lastly, we got this vegetable dish that came w/ shrimp paste. Very fishy, very strong. Not a fan. Got a dessert called ABC which was like pink food colored slushee. Meh.Also, the service here sucked. Took forever to get anything or catch a waiter's attention. Overall, if you like Malay food, apparently this is a good place for it, but
Food was good but service was severely lacking. The roti canai came out quickly and was delicious. But then one entree (mango chicken) showed up, with one bowl of rice....and then we waited and waited and waited. It was a long time before the beef rendang came out and then we had to ask for our second bowl of rice as well. The beef rendang was intensely savory and rich although rather fatty. The mango chicken was good, sweet with all the mango but the thin slices of chicken were really delicious. It sounds like some of the prices were raised recently since our entrees were in the $14 range. The portions weren't very large and I'd say it's just a little pricier than I'd like, for the quantity and quality. I'm glad I tried it and I think I'd be willing to give it another shot in case service gets better and to maybe try some of the noodle and veggie dishes.
Came here on a weekend. Waited ONE HOUR for the food to come out, seriously? Service is terrible. Had to repeatedly flag the waitress down and the waitness had an attitude. Don't order anything people didn't post on yelp because it probably sucks.
My fav place for Malaysian food :) good portions and just really tasty!! Everything was delish!! Gets packed but they try and get everyone in asap and cater to you once you're there :) my fav dishes at this place : beef curry , anything veggies and the sting ray :)
I adore the food from here, eating at the restaurant or ordering in, but today I had a terrible experience with delivery. I ordered through a different delivery website, so there was a mix up and the tip wasn't charged to my card. So OK, the driver tells me and I was confused at which point he got very angry with me. He basically yelled at me demanding if I "have cash", which was so unnecessary. At which point I tipped cash, but the attitude was so RUDE.
Ordered hainese chicken w rice, fried buns w condensed milk, roti w curry, chicken feet noodle and spinach and EVERYTHING WAS SOOOOO GOOD! all of this total only cost $40 w tax this place is a gem! The food is in big portions and it tastes soooo good, its great for all taste buds and service is very fast. Came back here again the next morning.
Wow it's been two years since I last visited this restaurant. So from June 18-24th, it's Malaysian restaurant week and my boyfriend and I were prepared to see what was being offered. Since the Chinatown Nyonya was taking part in the Malaysian restaurant week, my boyfriend and I decided to try it out.The restaurant was super crowded that they had to give a ticket number to people. My boyfriend and I were lucky enough to score a window seat! I was so excited since there was still light outside, I knew my pictures would come out nice! We took a look at the restaurant week menu and it didn't appeal to us one bit, so we ended up ordering our "usuals"Roti Canai, the taste and textures were pretty consistent with the ones I've had in Brooklyn Nyonya's.Haianese Chicken is my boyfriend's favorite menu item in Nyonya. My boyfriend really likes white meat, but the server told us we can't pick and choose and the boyfriend mentioned that typically we can pick and choose, but we made do with what we had. It was quite interesting how there was a lot of sauce on the bottom. However, the discouraging part of this entree was that there was little meat on the chicken.Sarang Burong is one of my personal favorites. It was actually slightly bigger than when I usually order it in the Brooklyn Nyonya's and definitely more veggies, but not enough chicken.Chicken Rice, same and consistent. Malaysian Iced Tea, not worth it. It was $3.50 and you know what? It tasted just the same as Chinese milk tea and Chinese milk tea costs two dollars less than the Malaysian Iced Tea.Nyonya is a good restaurant for any type of group dinner or date. The servers are friendly and the service is on point and the restaurant is quite spacious. It wasn't an entirely bad experience at Nyonya except I wish their food quality would be a little bit better.
My cousins and I always anticipate coming here when we plan to do so. We always get excited for roti canai and the roti telur. Oh my, those are the best. Along with the garlic chicken, hainanese, the pad thai (which is a god-send), and the pineapple fried rice.The service is pretty standard. They do their jobs, nothing so special about it. The downside? They don't accept credit card and it's cash only. At least their bathrooms are clean.
The quality of food at Nyonya just gets worst each time I come here. The noodle dishes are super greasy with very little meat, seafood or veggies- not worth it for the price tag. I question their cleanliness as I found hair in the tom yum soup and the tea cups are in such bad shape that I don't even drink the hot tea. Yet I still find myself coming back because they're one of the few places in NYC that have roti canai and bak kut teh on the menu.
best roti I've ever had... great place for cheap eats...
I come here once every 2 years when I am in town. The Nasi Lemak was still good but the Lhasa wasn't that great. Roti was good.
Best Malaysian restaurant in New York. I suggest ordering:Hainanese chicken rice Beef rendang Fresh coconutRoti canai (to share)LaksaBean sprouts (to share)Service is decent - not overly warm or friendly but it's efficient. Very reasonably priced too. Cash only!
Cheap food, and is fairly tastey. Really loud, and a bit cramped, service is also slow but food is great. Get he bill early or risk waiting on it. Is weird you'd think they'd want you out faster to sit the people waiting in line. Don't see a line at restaurant in Chinatown tha often. They have large tables in the back so fitting big groups is easier. I don't know much about mayalsian food but I had the traditional chicken and fried pearl noodles. The fried pear noodles reminds me of the Shanghai fried flat noodles in sauce but the noodles are fairly short. The pancake app with curry is so delicious. Worth coming again to try out other Malaysian food.
Hello (^_^)Baller on the budget patrolling report!!!!Me  friends come here and order delivery from here sometime. Nyonya is always packed with local because everybody know that this place is good food and it doesn't cost you anything!!!! I recommend you to come here with friends. Just don't come here for first date!!!! Ps-My favorite dishes are Toti and Beef Random and seafood noodle.
Excellent authentic Malaysian restaurant in Little Italy offered us a wonderful texture, flavor, and infusion of their homemade roti (crispy style pancake) and chicken curry dipping sauce, and this was only the appetizer. Very pleased with their Hainanese chicken, which was complemented by their chicken broth flavored rice. Located in the heart of Little Italy, I'm already looking forward to going back to try their other dishes including their Beef Rendang.
Don't never order the curry chicken over there! I never seen a curry chicken likes that! And the server was poor. The roti canai and the satay was pretty good. Just don't try to order the curry
Best spot on the US east coast for Singaporean style Hainanese Chicken Rice.  Fast, efficient, friendly service (although they were tentative at first over this Gwailo (sic) ordering Chicken Rice, ensuring I understood that it was cold, parboiled, etc....)  Cash only, great prices, a terriific restaurant for a SE Asian cuisine fix!
Must have the roti. It is always the first thing I get when I go there. The hunan chicken is good too. The wait can be a little while at times but it is worth it. The prices are reasonable but beware it is a cash only place.
My friend and I decided to grab some food since we couldn't decide what to eat and it has been so long since we had Malaysian. Lets just say the employees here treat Americans or Tourist better. We walked in and was not even greeted but just asked how many and then quickly seated. We sat down looking at the menu deciding what to order and was not even given tea. Note that it was freezing outside, maybe some tea for us to warm up? We were looking at the menu to find out what we want when the tea finally arrives. After we figured out what we wanted the waitress was busy cleaning a table that had just left. I know she saw us but she did not even bother taking our order first. I guess picking up the money is more important than tending to customer's needs. Finally a waiter came by to take the order for the people sitting behind us and then came over to us. We ordered the seafood scramble chow fun and half a hainanese chicken to share. The chow fun was a bit sad, didn't know noodle was that expensive. If you look at the dish, the lack of noodle makes it hard to tell what it was, maybe brown gravy with 4 tiny pieces of shrimp and "some" seafood. How much can ho fun possible cost? I can get a whole bag enough for three meals for $.065 down the block. Also I noticed how they cheap out on veggies too. The chicken was decent, for $10 what more can you ask for right. It had good amount of meat but it wasn't like WOW delish.The waiter also never said a single word to us. I was greeted with a hello from the person giving orders to the waiter that our table is this way. By the end of the meal and after i paid, another waiter said thank you. This place has terrible waiters.
Lower than expected food but is very cheap and have great service. Think other South Asian restaurants in SF Bay Area would top this restaurant.
Tried this restaurant on friday after reading a lot of good reviews on yelp, but it was a bad experience for me. Food was decent overall, but nothing really special. The roti canai was okay- it wasn't bad at all, but I thought it was just a regular roti canai you get served at any malaysian restaurant. For the main dish, my boyfriend had some kind of chicken dish from lunch special and I had beef rendang. The beef rendang was actually pretty delicious, but it came out super late, like about 30 minutes after we ordered our food. And then the chicken dish? Came out after we finished the beef rendang, like in the very last moment. Servers weren't really assigned to a table, so I guess they got busy and confused with orders, but the lady who took our orders didn't even put them in I think. People who came in later than us got served before us, so I could tell that this place was very unorganized. And we never got apologized. If the service was fine, I would have given more stars because the food was decent. But the food wasn't really worth how they treated us.
Food is a bit salty. Otherwise it is always a good place to dinning in. I only order from their take out menu recommendations which mark with a star.
Pretty solid Malaysian food - good Hainanese chicken, good thai chicken, good roti, good clay pot casserole, good pearl noodles and good rice.I feel that they have jacked their prices a little bit because they are getting more and more non-local customers. Service is a little lacking, but I guess since the expansion, they didn't hire enough people to wait all the tables.
I'm happy to say that my first time eating Malaysian food was a success. My local NY friends suggested eating at Nyonya especially since I've never tried Malaysian before. The restaurant was busy to point where every table was full. I suppose that was a good sign, right? We had to wait about 10-15 minutes for a table to open up. When we finally got seated with menus in tow, I was a little surprised to see how extensive their menu was. Everything on the menu was also relatively inexpensive. Being the Malaysian food newbie, I sat back and let my friends do the ordering. As the dishes quickly popped up, one by one, I could tell that Malaysian food has both Asian and Indian influences. Almost every dish was a blend of the two. We had about 5-6 dishes to share between the three of us and I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and had a taste of everything. Seriously, everything we ordered was good.This was my one and only Malaysian experience. Although it was very good, I still prefer Thai food. I may be a bit biased though. ;)
Hands down best Malaysian food I've had in the city. I always go for the hainanese chicken, beef rendang, roti canai, and the kang kung belacan. they get busy fast, so be prepared to wait, but be sure to get a ticket number while you're waiting. made that mistake one too many times.
I have been to this spot since it first opened. Love everything about it. My favorite dish of all time is the garlic chicken. It really is the best chicken in NYC. From my experience, the service is always quick regardless of what time of day. Can I say that Nyonya is the best Malaysian restaurant in town?  Hmm maybe not but I can't think of any others that are better.
What a good find! I love cheap (but quality) Chinese food in chinatown but I was with a European friend who enjoy good ambience with a glass of wine with his meal. He did not seem to care for a hole in the wall Chinese food and I really was craving some Asian food and this place was a perfect compromise. Decent decor for Chinatown asian restaurant and wine (affordable) selection! We had garlic Chicken and Tom yam noodle soup and both were delicious!! Will definitely come back!
A friend and I came across this place while we were in Chinatown thanks to yelp. We ordered the Nyonya Lobak (really good, especially the chili dipping sauce its served with) while she had the Prawn Mi and I had the Beef Chowfun. Prawn Mi is pretty good but definitely skip the Beef Chowfun here. It was very greasy, bland and did not taste quite like beef chowfun... sort of just charred beef on rice noodles sadly. But definitely order the red bean in coconut milk drink because that was the best thing I've ever had seriously. I'll definitely be back to try other stuff on the menu!
I had take out pad Thai from Nyona. It tastes good. It was a tad spicy and I like it very much - especially the grilled shrimp, fried tofu and little peanuts scattered on the noodles.
I came here thanks to Yelp -- so thank you for all your awesome reviews. It's definitely worth checking out.There are lots of food options, and they are super fast. Prices are not amazing, but there are big portions, so if you pace yourself, you'll definitely have some leftovers. It's a bustling place and a great place for people -- and food -- watching.I'd definitely come back. This is not your "standard Asian" restaurant. There will be lots of food options on the menu you rarely see. But, don't worry, there will be some familiar items, too. Great for groups. There's lots of space.
Golden Crispy Fried Squid. Garlic Chicken. Roti Canai. Beef Rangdang. You cannot go wrong with any one of these dishes! Eat up and enjoy. The food is amazing. One of my top 3 places to eat in NY. Staff is amazing and super friendly.
A lot of my friends told me that Nyonya has the best Malaysia food in NYC... some told me Penang.. some told me Nyonya.. I remembered my friend ordered fried rice delivery from Nyonya and I told her it sucks.. but I don't wanna be bias since I haven't been here before..Came here once for lunch but it's way too crowded.. so we decided not to wait.. I came here with my roommate.. 2 of us.. can't eat much.. so we ordered roti canai as an appetizer, lady's finger fried with belacan, and also curry chicken.. under the waiter recommendation... he actually recommended curry goose.. but we felt like having chicken.. :Dhmm... once thing.. I think the curry chicken will be better serving in a claypot.. and most of the chicken they gave to us were bones... ish.. no wonder he recommended goose.. the lady's finger were not bad.. roti canai was crispy and the "dail/curry" with it was not too bad as well..Overall worth 3.5 stars.. but their service was really fast so I gave them .5 star more.. :DOh ya.. CASH ONLY!!!
In the middle of a crappy weather day in NYC, here I am shopping in SOHO. It's been a while since I tried Malay cuisine. I use my trusted Yelp app and found a malay place within walking distance. The place has a large seating capacity.I started off with Shrimp puff which were delicious. Then I ended up Mee Siam and shrimps withh eggplant. Food was delicious but I felt shrimps with eggplant were greasy. Service was nice and servers were attentive.
I always go to this place whenever I'm up for Malaysian food or if I can't decide!! The service is great and the food never fails to satisfy me. Absolutely one of my favorites!!
Malaysian is my favourite cuisine and Nyonya is one of my go to places to eat it.Roti canai - best I've found in NY so far, crispy but with some soft chewy parts. Needs to be a little more flaky.Assam laksa is very good - a great mix of sweet, sour and spicy noodle soup. Hainan chicken rice  - solid, the rice is a yellowish colour which always implies to me that they use flavouring rather than just chicken stock to make it, you get a small serving of chicken not entirely boneless but not too many and it does have that silky texture that is so important. The soup was way too salty so I just avoid it.  They don't give the ginger and shallot sauce though which is my favourite condiment.
This place is legit. Having been to Singapore many times, and always missing real Singaporean food, this place is probably the closest you can get to real, authentic Singaporean/Malaysian food in the city. Some favorite dishes include: popiah, pasembur, roti canai, baby squid, prawn noodles, Penang laksa, char kway teow, chicken rice, rojak, and sarong burong.The popiah is a nice appetizer, if you like jicama, bean sprouts, tofu, and egg, wrapped up and slathered with hoisin and chili sauce.The pasembur is good for the more adventurous. It has some indescribable maybe tomato based sauce covering a medley of tofu, jellyfish, prawn fritters, egg, cucumber, and jicama. The roti canai, char kway teow, and chicken rice are classic dishes, but if you want to be really daring try the Penang laksa. Unlike ordinary laksa, it has a tart, fishy, sardine-filled broth with chewy rice noodles and pineapple bits floating around in it. It's spicy, sour, and fishy, and oh so good.The rojak is actually so legit that it was too much for me to handle, but my real Singaporean friends loved it. The black shrimp paste that covers the fruits and vegetables is so extremely fishy tasting, that only a true Singaporean could enjoy it.This is my go to Malaysian/Singaporean spot and should be yours too!
Good place. Hainanese chicken is good, the roti starter is a standout. The whole fish dish is just okay. Good place to go with a group. Its a loud place so be prepared to yell to talk to your friends.
Great service, very nice and very helpful.  The roti prata, don't know how to spell was very good came with curry and some bread. And the chicken wings had a very good sauce that came with it. The spare ribs was very delicious but it was a little chewy. For drinks I got a Thai ice tea a little sweet but very good loved it. The coconut came in a real coconut! Which tasted really good.
Just no. As someone whose visited Malaysia and eaten plenty of beef rendang, I can safely say that whatever is served here is not beef rendang. In fact I'm pretty sure one of the servers told me that the rendang and curry dishes are interchangeable, but one is just a smaller portion with rice. They ran out of kang kung the day I went. I was so disappointed. The roti was okay. The servers took their time until it came to bringing the check. I don't mind this too much if the food is at least good, but it wasn't. I've found better Malaysian food in Texas. Do better, New York.
This place is great if you are going in a group having lunch/dinner family style. The portions are big so I would suggest ordering 3 mains for 4-5 people with individual rice bowls should be filling and of course affordable! I love their roti canai, hainan chicken, and kangkung belacan.
A very nice restaurant in Chinatown neighborhood. I definitely recommend this place if you happen to be in the area. I was not hungry at the time I was there so I only ordered a noodle dish "Java mee"(I really wanna try their Hainanese chicken but didn't have room for that). The noodles was very tasty with a sweet sourbit spicy source, great for summer. I like their noodles a lot and for me the portion is very satisfying.
This place is part of my NYC identity! Food is consistently great, and the selection amazing. I love their Roti Canai (must-have). For entrees we love the Beef Rendang, Chinese Watercress, Pineapple Fried Rice, and Chicken with Ginger and Scallions. But there is so much more I want to try from their extensive menu. No review will do it justice, you have to experience it for yourself. Come hungry, with a few people, and with some time. There is often a wait for dinner, but they have a pretty good system to let you know how long it will take...and it is so worth it! Entrees are mostly served family-style so it makes for a fun sharing experience as well. P.S. cash only.
In my opinion, the best Malaysian restaurant in Manhattan.  Love their Roti Canai, Beef Rendang, and Chow Kueh Teow (pan fried noodles).  The biggest drawback is that they don't take credit cards.  However, the prices are very reasonable, so you won't need to break the bank to enjoy the food here.
I've been a few times and I have never been disappointed. My favorites are the roti canai, beef curry with rice (it's a smaller portion of the beef rendang), and the criminally underrated pulut hitam dessert. If you order nothing else, ORDER THAT DESSERT. Service leaves something to be desired, but the food is enough to make up for it. The women's bathrooms are weird, by the way. The frosted glass doors aren't transparent, but there are huge gaps in the side of the stalls and you may catch a glimpse of something you did not need to see. Careful!
Never coming back again. Bad/borderline hostile service from the beginning.We had a service dog with us and asked for a table for two. The host/waiter at the front of the restaurant clearly did not know how to deal with this situation. He tried to demand medical documentation from me - which is ILLEGAL and I was not about to hand over a sheet of paper with confidential details of my disability.The restaurant was busy but not packed. Probably about 60% full. He led us to a table at the back of the restaurant, in an empty section and away from all of the other patrons. We try to be understanding about my service dog as we understand that not everyone is comfortable with it, so we don't usually mind when we are seated in a corner. However, this instance was extremely comfortable. He never made any effort to appear friendly or accommodating, and essentially dumped us in a corner. Our table was directly next to the kitchen door. Staff were constantly coming in and out of the door next to us. Furthermore, a bunch of staff took a food break during our meal and sat on a table next to us. They were eating and talking loudly (which is fine, they should enjoy their break), but this only confirmed that we were not valued. There were dishes laid out for staff on tables around us. There were no apologies, no "I'm sorry but would it be okay if we sat you and the service dog away from other patrons?".Other than that, the food was average. We ordered a fried noodle dish, baby oyster omelette, and roti canai. It lacked overall flavour and the noodles were stiff and dry. The servers seemed to really not want to be there. We did not see a single smile from any staff member to us or anyone else. I am from Southeast Asia and lived in Indonesia and Singapore for the first 12 years of my life, so I was excited about dinner at a Malaysian restaurant. Hugely disappointed. Wish we had spent the evening somewhere else.
Came here on a whim. Something near by where I was wondering and in my price zone. I had some roti canai and a mango shrimp dish. And a red bean slush drink. The roti canai is better at flushing. I like the naan crunchier. This one was a bit soft. The curry that goes along with it was nice. It had a nice kick to it. The mango shrimp dish that had like 7 shrimps was good. I paid like $8 for that (cause it was on the lunch special). That's cheap for seafood. The red bean slush was good. I loveee coconut milk. Delish. Totally order that again. Overall, this is a good place to chow down. I came during off hours like at 2PM on a weekday. So, it was pretty empty. And the service was nice.Will come again if I'm in the area. :)
Came here with my boyfriend. We've been talking about trying Malaysian food for a while now. The food here was delicious. We came on a Saturday for lunch and didn't have to wait before we were seated. There was a considerable amount of people waiting for larger tables though. We ordered a noodle soup, a roti for appetizer and a rice dish.
My wife took me here once.And I know this is the best Malaysian restaurant I had in the city. I'm glad she found it and we will have to come back a lot and try more of the menu
I ate a big dinner with family and close friends on a Friday evening. We ordered the following food:Homemade Roti Canai (indian Pancake)-yummySatay Tofu-very below averageBeef rendang -star of the eveningAnd a couple other dishes that went down well with the meat eaters. However, I wouldn't recommend the place to a vegetarian. I found myself concocting foods combinations to fill me up.Over all a wonderful experience for everyone except me.Thus the three stars.
Always a solid time at Nyonya, whether it's in Little Italy, 8th Avenue, or 86th Street in Brooklyn. Best thing about it is that they're always consistent, from the food, decor to the no credit card policy. However, only difference with this location is the wait due to the increased tourists in the neighborhood. We orderedIndian Pancake: Large thin Asian pancake dipped in curry sauceHainanese Chicken: The most tender and juiciest chicken you'll have in your life. Nyonya Seafood Rice Noodles: Just do it. Chicken Broth Rice: Best rice you'll ever have! Really cannot beat the value of Nyonya.
If you're at Nyonya and reading this review, please order the bean curd casserole ($13.95). It may not sound appetizing, but it is by far the best dish that Nyonya serves. The tofu melts in your mouth, the small green peppers give it a kick, and it pairs perfectly with the coconut rice that you also have to order! I wish I could bold these important words that I'm writing, but alas I can't. My hope is just that you landed on this review, heeded my advice and ordered this. True, their roti canai/prata, hainanese chicken, their singapore rice noodles, chicken curry and chinese watercress w/ preserved bean curd sauce are delicious, but comparing price, service and quality of the food, what makes my experience at Nyonya the most enjoyable is ordering that bean curd casserole + coconut rice. I've been here multiple times and that dish is never ever failed me. I will definitely be back as soon as possible.There! I've said it. Now, enjoy your meal. :) Cash only!
i know this place for over 20 years, and is still as good as has always been, one of the best values in the city, never fails, solid, inexpensive, clean food, pleasant service, well designed dinning room, unpretentious but real, real good. long live nyonya
The closest taste to Asia!!! The food was awesome and I always bring my friends here. I highly recommend the "chicken broth rice" and "Hainanese chicken". And if you want to try something new, definitely try "curry chowmein" !!
There was a few hit or miss dishes.  We enjoyed 3 out of 6 dishes.  Food was a little bit on the bland side.  Recommend the roti canai, their cold chicken and curry.  We order a Tom yum soup with rice noddle (which was okay) and Crispy seafood noodle, and their salted fish Chinese broccoli had no flavor.. I had to request for soy sauce. Cash only policy.
Stumbled in here after intending to go to the banh mi spot across the street. It was rainy/snowy and cold, and we wanted to sit for a while to warm up and the banh mi place (located by Yelp) just wasn't going to do it for us after all. It ended up being the best last-minute switch ever. This place is great!! The place was hopping and nearly full at 2pm on a Saturday, but we were still seated quickly, and tea was dropped off immediately. After that, service dropped off a bit (the only non-5 star part of the day), but everything else was so good, it didn't matter. I will start by saying that I'm no expert in Malaysian cuisine, but I would become one if all Malaysian places are as good as this one. We started with the traditional Roti. I would eat like 4 orders of this as a meal and be happy. The pancake was crispy but not oily. The curry was spicy but not too much. Hubs actually drank the remaining curry after the pancake was gone. Yum. We also had the Poh Piah appetizer. It was not the traditional spring roll that I was expecting, as it was more of a knife and fork type thing than an actual roll you could pick up, but the flavors were awesome. Next up was the Ginger Duck Noodle Soup..... I nearly died. It was awesome. The broth was super flavorful, and the noodles were plentiful. The duck was nicely cooked and tasted great, but the pieces had bones in them still, which made it tricky to eat. I had to basically fish the pieces out and check for/remove bones before eating each piece. It was distracting but not a deal breaker. We also had the Chow Kueh Teow. It was like pad thai, but not sweet. The calamari was a little tough, but the shrimp was good. Overall, an excellent dish. All this food, and the bill came to $26.67. Incredible, because we were totally stuffed and it was so good! (Hubs is a fatty and still went across the street for carry out banh mi to take home afterwards, haha.)
Don't get me wrong, the food is fine pretty good. But this place is a shitshow. We could t tell here line was to get seated. Then we were yelled at to wait. Then we were hurried to a seat. All within two minutes. Service was sporadic and they definitely tricked us into ordering way more food than we could eat. But it's big and the whole thing was kind of a hilarious experience. You know, if you're in the mood for something like that.
Food was just so so, dunno if it's because I didn't get to order the most popular dishes.. The wait time consider bit long.. So I wound not to go back if not necessary
I've come here twice.The first time: "YAY! I'm a fan".  The second time:  "A-OK!".  But I gave them the benefit of the doubt and let them have 4 lucky stars!I really think it depends on WHAT you order that will make or break your experience.  Sadly, I don't remember what I ordered the first time around.  I do know that it made my tastebuds happy.  The second time around...well..maybe it was the combination of foods we had, but it just wasn't mixing well on my tastebuds.  The "bird nest seafood noodle" tasted bland that day.  Maybe it was the type of noodle they used?!?!  The Chicken Mango was too sweet.  But of course it would be because there's Mango.  But it didn't mix well for me with the noodle.  So my conclusion, ordering food that is too far from eachother in taste isn't always a good idea.At any Malaysian place I do ALWAYS love the "pancake" for the appetizer.  ALWAYS.
Satay, Indian mee goreng and roti canai were really close to the authentic taste of Malaysian style!Would like to try other dishes again!
Great Singaporean/Malaysian restaurant. Clean and comfortable. Food is great, I tried Nasi Lemak and fried Bun. Recommended both. I'm thinking about trying the Hainanese news Chicken Rice next time.
This place was tasty and on the cheaper side. Roti canai was yummy though the curry was a little watery. Pad Thai was standard. Overall a solid 3 stars for food and service, and I would definitely go back. But beware, CASH ONLY. A word of advice, the mango pudding is more like mango jello...I wasn't a fan.
I still love the food at this place. I recently had a group dinner and easily made reservations for 7 people at 8pm on a Friday night on the phone. I was actually surprised at how empty the place was relative to previous visits so food came fairly quickly. We also had a cake - no charge for cake cutting. In terms of food, I still really love the chicken satay, roti canai, hainanese chicken, and oyster omelette. We also got a steamed fish and these spicy pork ribs that came with potatoes. Don't forget... CASH ONLY.
As a Malaysian, the food is so below average and the menu way too comprehensive of other cuisines. The service is so-so and restrooms outright disgusting. Imagine all the employees use it and work on your food.
Our little group stop by here for an early dinner. It was only 6pm and the inside felt dark like a movie theater.Even the waiter could not see us waving to them or maybe they are just not responsive?We all had a hard time reading the menu or seeing the food we were served.After 7:30pm the place started to fill up with mostly the young adult group and it got very noisy.Overall the food of good but the portions were SMALL!Less 1-star for the lack of lights, slow service and the small portion.
It's not often that I can go back to a restaurant and give it a much better rating, but on a recent visit, I have to say, the service, experience and food deserves it.The hostess at the front was exceptionally nice, she kept us up to speed on when our table was going to be ready and she even took our order before we sat down (just to speed things up, as we were a starving party of 5). As soon as we were seated, the food just kept coming. There's nothing more refreshing on a hot summer day than a fresh coconut. Finish the juice and ask them to chop off the top so you can get to the lovely "meat".For $86 we managed to get three servings of roti chanai, beef rendang, kang kung belachan, half a hainanese chicken rice and chow kuey teow. SO MUCH FOOD. It was all very delicious. Nothing quite like the taste of home in NYC!
Great food, very clean place and many options if you love Southeast Asian cuisine.
TL, DR:I really hope we went on a bad night because our experience was not as good as everyone else who reviewed it here. Also, CASH ONLY. Really?Long:The craving for Malaysian food hit hard on a night in the city and Nyonya seemed  to the place to relinquish it (according to Yelp). We flipped through the review pictures and the images of roti canai and nasi lemak made waterfalls in my mouth. I shut the laptop and off we went. It was a Saturday night, around 9pm and it didn't seem crowded at all once we arrived (bad omen). We were sat and ordered the following:1. Roti Canai2. Roti Prata3. Nasi Lemak4. Satay (Beef)5. Kang Kung BelacanThe rotis were fantastic, soft and flaky, and the curry you dipped it into was tasty too (but could have used a little more zing). It brought me back to when I was sitting in a mamak enjoying roti during stint my stint in KL as a college freshman. The Nasi Lemak was a little meh, the kang kung had way too much shrimp paste but the biggest offender was the satay, which didn't taste fresh at all. It was almost as if it was cooked several hours in advance and then reheated in a microwave just before being served. Satay is the quintessential Malaysian street food and served fresh out of a grill in most cases! It wasn't at Nyonya unfortunately.Finally, since I'm an out of towner, I have to gripe at the fact at this place is CASH ONLY. There is an imprint on the door for CASH ONLY. It's 2014, even I can accept credit cards. Grrr
It's not the best Singaporean/Malaysian joint in town (that honor goes to Taste Good Malaysian), but it's still very dependable.My first issue - they don't serve true Singapore laksa here.  That's just heresy!  Asam laksa is okay, but unless you like a sour/fish-based broth, Singapore laksa is just better.  They have a similar substitute in the form of Curry Mee, but it's just not the same.  However, at least the CM has good flavor and will satisfy most folks looking for a rich, savory broth to go with their noodles.The Hainan chicken rice here is fine, but note the portions aren't that big.  You'll probably need to add another side like their solid roti, statay tofu or satay chicken/beef skewers to feel satisfied.  Other notables include the beef rendang, which is fairly good.  Their nasi lemak is also pretty good, and does remind me of the ones I used to eat when I was living in SE Asia.  If you're in the city, this is a great place to consider.  But if you're serious about Singaporean/Malaysian food, definitely consider Taste Good in Elmhurst.
Nyonya has some quality Malaysian food in the middle of Chinatown.  It seems like everyone orders the Roti and it didn't disappoint.  I had a bit of a hard time swallowing the three dollar price point, knowing that I paid a lot less for Roti in Malaysia.  But I had to remind myself that I'm in New York.  The Roti is buttery, flaky and oh so goo.dI had a noodle dish that I couldn't remember the name of.  It was good although there were some bits spicy surprise when biting into some of the fish cakes.  The desserts were a no go for me.  There were some coconut flavors that I didn't like.Nyonya isn't hard to find and it was mildly packed when I got there.  I don't foresee much trouble getting a table.
Can't stop thinking about this place when I think NYC.Everything was excellent and reasonable in price. My Singapore relatives are regulars here. The atmosphere is chic, cool, impressive.They have an extra room in the back for groups.Everything we ordered was excellent, and we were a large group of 10.Authentic Asian cuisine... sigh... I miss home.
Cheap. Good. Done! I'm not sure about its authenticity, but the food itself is pretty darn tasty.Con: Staff isn't that friendly... smile people. It's a nice day outside!
.... fantastic mango fried snapper,  salt fish rice and kang Kong!  I lived in Singapore before I moved to New York City and would often eat amazing Malaysian food in Singapore or drive over the boarder to Malaysia. This food tasted just like what I used to get back home. Love the traditional Malaysian coffee iced tea too. Will definitely be back for more :)Cash only premises!  Don't forget to walk with cash!
We came in for an early lunch since this place was near work. When we got in the place was half empty which was a good thing for us so we didn't need to wait for a table.  The waitress let us choose our own table and quickly brought us some tea. The food was good.  My coworkers ordered the lunch special and it came with a soup but they thought it was a but on the salty side. I ordered the tau fu young with noodles and it was quite good. I would recommend that if you want some variety in your bowl of noodles.
Found out about this place from a friend who works in the area. I went in with a party of 10 people. The hostess was very nice and very serious about the exact number of people coming lol I tried the roti canai as an appetizer. Absolutely delicious. My entree was Chen Lai sting ray. It was absolutely delicious. It was topped with a spicy sauce with vegetables. This was my first time trying that dish. It didn't disappoint. The staff was very friendly and cordial
Unless you have specific limitations (e.g. a large group to feed, laziness), Nyonya is not really a "destination." BUT unless your pockets are deep as Louisiana, it's impossible not to appreciate it: cheap, centrally located, reliable, crowd-pleasing Malaysian/Thai/Chinese food!Puja P had a birthday dinner here with a group of 14 or so. I was one of the first to show up to a party in which I knew barely anyone else, and so spent several minutes circling the center of the restaurant amidst tables and tables of people, getting progressively more panicky, while servers swept past me balancing plates. That was embarrassing. I want to say that the staff could have helped *a little*, but since Ms. Birthday Girl had not yet arrived, I'm not even sure what they could have done. Shot me some sympathetic looks, at least, maybe.All right, enough self-pity. I didn't actually eat that night, but some other time, I got the Nyonya seafood rice noodles - yummy with a great hit of spice, and mostly forgettable in a way that only speaks well of everything else on the menu. Their roti canai actually has some height, which is very, very promising. The Puluk Hitam dessert (black glutinous rice in coconut milk) - damn, this made me so happy. If it's unreasonably cold out, look to this hot, starchy, sweet-but-not-too-sweet goodness to cap your meal.Nyonya has tons of group- and couple-friendly seating, and it stays full and loud late into the evening. And there's something very forgiving about dark wood accents that can improve any Chinatown restaurant (even better if the restaurant stays Chinatown-priced). BYOB, but that involves a $13 corkage fee. You can also order booze from the menu, you lushes. CASH ONLY. Rent out a couple square feet to an ATM company, already! At this point, one can also identify Nyonya by the steady trickle of people wandering out the doors, asking passersby: "Where's the nearest ATM?" (Answer: not near.)
Mixture of Malaysian, Thai, Chinese and Vietnamese all rolled into one. This restaurant will satisfy anyone that is looking for simple touristy food but it doesn't do anything to excel in any one dish. I enjoyed the hainanese chicken and bakute herb soup. Both were well made and arrived quickly. The service was good but could have been better if we actually got our drinks. We finished the meal completely before they realized that we did receive our drinks.  If you're in the little Italy area and are looking for something other than Italian food this would be good option. Fyi it is CASH ONLY!  I gave this restaurant a 2 instead of a 3 due to the poor service on my birthday.
I come to this place for one purpose only and it's their Roti Canai dish. I really don't know too many other dishes at the level they make it. Also, customer service, price and fast service is a plus.
Mediocre food, mediocre service.I got the sweet and sour pork - it was fine, nothing special.  Rice on the side was an additional cost, but the prices are low enough that it didn't upset me.  No free soda refills, as they just bring you a can.My lunch buddy got ribs (not sure which, as there were several on the menu) and she said they were awful and completely fatty.  Despite not touching 80% of her plate, the waiter made no comment to address this and she opted not to complain.Wouldn't return.
I was yelping for restaurants near Soho and I stumbled upon Nyona. As usual, I read the reviews and clicked on the photos. In either a review or photo I saw "Nasi Lemak". Instantly I decided to come here. Ever since I came back from Bali, all I've thought about is nasi goreng. Although nasi lemak is different from that, it's still pretty darn close ok. When we arrived at the restaurant it was past lunch hour so there was barely anyone. The service was decent, nothing to rave about. Of course I ordered the nasi lemak, I mean that's what I came here for. My mom ordered their tom yum noodle soup and malaysian style okra. Before I get to the star of this review, here's my opinion on the nasi lemak. It was good. Not I'm coming here for lunch everyday good, but good enough to fulfill my Bali withdrawal. My mom said the tom yum noodles were good. If my mom says it's good, I'm 98% sure it's good. Now for the star of the show, the okra. I've never been a huge okra fan considering its slimy and saliva texture. But Nyona's okra is spectacular in texture and taste. The malaysian style sauce disguised or distracted my taste buds from okra's usual state. The sauce also had a kick so that's a plus in my book. Basically, try this even if you've never heard or been a fan of okra. P.S. you shit like crazy after eating okra, be prepared!
Absolutely love this spot for some Nasi Lemak and roti cana. Brought friends here too and we had an awesome lunch, fresh and packed with flavors!!!
Introduced by a friend and also came for a family dinner.  It's pretty good for large parties since they have a lot of circle and large tables in general.  Am a fan of Malaysian cuisine in general but they do certain things real well here such as the Hainanese Chicken.  I got this same dish at Laut in Union Square area and it just wasn't as good as it was at Nyonya.  The chicken is just soft and moist.  An
Love this place! I have two words for you:BEEF RENDANGOh so tender chunks of beef stewed in a mildly spicy curry that would be amazing atop a mound of rice. Unfortunately, the dish does not come with rice. In the words of a man much more famous than myself, that's like "Kool-aid, no sugar. Peanut butter, no jelly. Ham, no burger. Daaamn."The Hainanese chicken was softer than a baby's bottom. People unfamiliar with the texture of boiled chicken might be a bit put off by how soft it is. It also contains bones which might not be for everyone. I only say this because my gf did not like this dish at all - unfortunate for her, fantastic for me.The Roti canai was a good appetizer. The curry was lovely and the roti was paper thin with the perfect amount of crisp. The curries here are generally milder than the Indian variety, which my intestines appreciate.This being Chinatown, the prices are extremely reasonable.I can't wait to come back here again and try some of their other dishes.
My friends and I found this place on a whim while strolling through Little Italy and Chinatown. The food and service was really good!We got 2 orders of Roti Canai (pancake with curry sauce), Pineapple Fried Rice, Hainanese Chicken, Sarang Burong (meat and veggies served in taro bowl), a side of chicken infused rice, and for dessert we had the ABC.Everything we had was delicious and the staff was very nice and helpful. There was plenty of seating inside the establishment. Lighting was dim so taking foodie pictures was difficult.Overall, very nice experience!
Delicious food and great staff! My family and I have been here a few times and always get the roti, which comes with curry that has actual chunks of chicken and potato! Make sure you try the fried pearl noodles -- they're fantastic. Our waiter this time was also very willing to help us take a family picture.
One of my favorite weekly spots. A hidden gem that my boyfriend and I always look forward going to! Our favorite is the mee goreng, roti, and pineapple fried rice. I also like getting the fresh soya bean. We usually going in between hours so we haven't hit a wait. But dinner and lunch time is super busy. They turn their tables quite quickly tho. The service is great and so is ambience. You must come try!
I have never had Malaysian food, but wow! This stuff is the shiznap! I had a ton of upperclassmen friends who had graduated from Duke in 2010 and 2011 come visit New York this weekend and they all wanted to eat here after checking Yelp. There was a party of 12 of us and the restaurant was definitely big enough to accommodate us, which is a huge rarity for an NYC restaurant. Aside from the fact that the "Nyonya" sign was a bit hard to distinguish, I can't really say that there are any complaints about this place.The restaurant is a bit on the darker side. We came in at 12:30 and it almost looked like the entire place was lit with natural light, so once you walked deeper into the back, it got pretty dark, which is a bit bizarre for a lunch spot. Maybe that's how Malaysians enjoy their food, whatever. It really wasn't too much of an issue. We had reservations for a party of 12, so we were seated at the end of the restaurant near some empty fish tanks, which I could see would have been a problem had there been fish in them and they kept coming to take out orders. But luckily nothing was in the tanks so our meal wasn't disrupted at all.Now to the important stuff, the food. We wanted to enjoy the meal family style, so one of my friends took over and ordered everything, so I may not be getting some of these dishes' names correctly. We started with 6 orders of the Roti Canai, which I totally recommend, just like every other Yelper has mentioned. It's only $3.50, super cheap! The bread was a little bit inconsistent - some parts were perfectly soft where you could rip off pieces and dip into sauce, while the other half was brittle and shattered when you tried to get a portion. The sauce was PERFECT. I was sharing it with someone, so I couldn't just spoon that shizzle into my mouth, but I totally would have if I had no shame. It was just so creamy and addicting.We had some sort of Shrimp Fried Rice dish which I don't remember the name of but it wasn't anything special. For the vegetable dishes we ordered the Chinese Watercrests and the Kang Kung Belacan. The former reminded me of Snow Pea Leaves, a favorite Chinese veggie dish that tastes like garlic and butter, mmm. The latter was a bit more unique and interesting, tasting like it was coated in oyster sauce and bacon, even though there was no bacon at all. The noodle dish (gah! don't know name) was excellent, though as a friend mentioned, "these noodles, don't they look like chubby worms?" It is an odd way to roll noodles, but it tasted fine. It had a chewy, thick consistency and the entire dish reminded me of Chow Fun. The Thai Spicy Chicken was one of the best meals. It looks like the Hainese Chicken that most people here seem to like to order, but it is covered in this black sauce that takes it to a whole new level. It is really odd that it comes "room temperature," maybe that's a Malaysian practice with serving chicken? It felt a little cold to me, which I didn't like.There was also a Bird's Nest Noodle dish, which I don't remember the name of. Crispy noodles with a yummy, thick seafood soup in the center, this was my second favorite dish. The inconsistency of crunchy noodles and the soggy noodles really works with this dish. The seafood portion was a bit small, but overall I liked the slight blandness of the meal. The BEST one was definitely the House Special Pork, which I don't think was what it was actually called, but it is double cooked pork in their special sauce. SO FREAKING GOOD. It was a tad been over-fried, but it was oh-so-tangy-and-delicious. There were 12 of us and maybe 8-9 pieces, so some people had to share. I made sure that I did not offer to split my piece with anyone. Sorry, it's bad to be selfish, but it was so food.We also had ordered a Steamed Fish, but I did not try it so I will refrain from judging it. Overall, it came out to be $13 per person, so it wasn't too bad. I don't think anyone came out of the meal full though, considering that 20 minutes later half of us ordered more food from Xi'an's Famous Foods. Regardless, I think this was a great family-style restaurant with relatively cheap prices for the amazing quality of their food.
This was the first Malaysian restaurant I ate at since moving here almost 7 years ago. It has a long list of Malaysian dishes to taste and I especially like the handmade, crispy roti canai and the nasi lemak, although their sambal isn't as authentic as I wish it would be. Ambiance is casual and comfy.
Just so so.First a lot of guests are waiting the seats.Fortunately my friend and I arrived there so early.We ordered hainanese chicken,Indian  chapati,coconut rice,eggplant...all are general . Totally the bill is 35 dollars (include tips) I have no idea why a lot of people come here to eat.The service is fine. All waitress are very busy.
I love this place. When I think of Chinatown restaurants, mostly every single one amounts to average. Nyonya is the only one that I feel really sticks out.Their oyster omelets... one of the best things in the world. So delicious....and the chicken is always succulent. Roti canai is a must. I absolutely love this place. I feel like everyone around the area should know about this place and I pity those that don't. I came here around 2 weeks ago. Love love love it
Walked-in got a table pretty quickly for two. Less than five minutes even though it was packed.Shrimp pad thai was good, definitely recommended. Duck with scallions was meh.
By far one of my favorite eateries in NYC thus far! The food is delicious and the service is spot on. I came here with my family on a Wednesday night and it was pretty busy and I can see why. Between the five of us, we had the:Roti Canai--I've had better. The curry sauce is delicious but, I thought the Roti was a bit to puffed so, I felt that the bread didn't taste substantial but, I could drink the sauce like breakfast tea.Hainanese Chicken--BOMB.COM. This was everyone's favorite. The chicken is extremely tender and fresh. It's simple and the natural taste and quality of chicken just shined. Chow Kueh Teow--My favorite of the night. It had this great wok heat and the noodles didn't stick together in one clump. I could eat this dish all by myself and was sad I had to share!Chow Ong Choy--I'm not a fan of Ong Choy in general because I have some minor allergic reactions to it but, it was good. I thought it was a bit salty and ong choy tends to soak up a lot of sauce so, it was a little overwhelming. I could have done without this dish.Beef Rendang--Delicious and authentic Malay dish. It's an interesting curry type sauce although we couldn't tell what was used in it. This dish had a lot of depth and the pieces of beef were so tender. We even saved a little just so, we can make an excuse to take the sauce home and eat it with rice. SO GOOD.Nyonya is a place I will be coming back to. There are so many good choices in NYC that I hardly ever go back to the same place when I visit but, this is definitely an exception.
Singaporean and Malaysian food restaurantWide enough for a big groupA little bit noisy Reasonable price
Liars! I ordered this dish for delivery, and they substitute the real Kang Kung with water spinach which is much cheaper!!!!  The two vegetables are not even close to similar to each other, looks different, tastes dramatically different!!!! I am not stupid, and i am NOT the only one with the same experience. It happened to my friend as well. It's not because they did this by accident, they intended to lie. How could they fool their customers like this?!
I would recommend the laksa if you are a fan of heavy flavor and spices. It might smell and taste funky at first but I promise it will grow on you. very authentic  it feels like I'm back in South east asia
Came here through a crowd of tourists in Little Italy. From the atmosphere, it felt like an over-the-top renovated spa mixed in with Asian bits. The ambience was dim, but friendly.I tried the curry ribs. ($11.25) The ribs were soggy, but that was only because they were drenched in liquidized curry sauce. They were delicious at first, but there was a always a chunk of tendon in the rib, which made swallowing everything a task. The curry, however, was atrocious. It was thin, and it wasn't even mildly spicy at all; maybe it's because I'm accustomed to spicy Indian curry. The potatoes that were dipped in the curry sauce tasted odd and old. I can't describe the taste. It was very soft, and I mushed the potatoes and mixed them into the sauce to match my preferred consistency. Overall, the curry ribs were ehh.The fried ice cream was okay. The ice cream's quality was questionable. You could tell it was either in the freezer for a long time, or they just got Breyers on sale. I liked the fried banana. I think it was around $9.50?Do not order the longan drink. It tasted like I was drinking some cheap oolong tea, mixed in with preserved longan. The longan was also dry and crusty. I don't understand?? It's like eating bad packaged ramen; packaged ramen does not taste bad. A good 3.50 wasted.Overall ehhh.
There was a long wait for the food even though the restaurant was slower than usual. However, their "curry bread" as I call it was amazing and definitely worth trying.
I love this place! And I've only ever had food from them via Seamless, which really says a lot, given that sometimes even delicious food does not withstand the trial of delivery time or rush preparation that Seamless orders must handle.Randomly discovered Nyonya on Seamless while working in my office one weekend and have been hooked ever since. The roti canai is delicious, as is their Singapore rice noodle dish (any of their entrees, really). For dessert, try the black sticky rice dessert (pulut hitam) or their coconut pudding. If you ever have a chance, ask for their sausage fried rice with Chinese broccoli - yum! It's not on their menu, but it really should be!Also, huge props to their delivery guy who does a great job delivering food on a timely basis (usually with a smile)! Only one did they take forever to deliver...when I called, the management was genuinely apologetic, as was the delivery guy. Really couldn't be upset. Give this place a try!
My friend ordered the sizzling sea bass and I ordered a soup and seafood fried rice.EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS!!!The soup was  HUGE portion -- if I had known I would have ordered only one thing or some other combination  entirely. But that's hardly a complaint that my cheap meal was delicious and TOO HUGE!Definitely coming back... again and again for sure!
My friend and I were monsters and ate enough for 3-4 people. I'm not proud of it. Well I sort of am. Let's break it down:Roti  Canai - The whole reason I wanted Malaysian food was because I wanted this dish and it didn't disappoint. The curry was excellent and the roti was quite flaky. I've seen debates on chowhound over whether it was frozen or not and my conclusion was that it tasted good enough that I don't care.Hainan Chicken - not bad but not quite bloody near the bone good.Mee Goreng - also not bad but not knock it out of the park incredible. I'd still probably get it though every time. I just like this dish in general though.Beef Rendang - truly great beef curry. juicy morseles and that sort of grainy pasty curry that characterizes the malaysian variety. It sounds unappetizing but I think that mouthfeel is imperative.
TheServiceIs spottyBut the menuIs broad with a nice looking restaurant.
good Chinese food, good environment, service is relatively so so. The fried ice cream is not so good. Cash only. Tip included directly without choice
Usually this place is delicious, but they left a piece of plastic in my watermelon lychee drink. All they said was sorry, but I lost my appetite. Be careful when getting drinks. I don't think I will go back.
Tasty and hearty food (and pretty affordable at that too)!You must get the roti canai if you come, it's a must! It's basically a light flaky wrap (almost like a tortilla or a very thin piece of naan) served with curry dipping sauce. So good!! And afterwards you can eat the chicken pieces/potato out of the sauce as well =)I'm also a fan of the Hainanese chicken, and the nasi lemak. These dishes are pretty big and easily share-able with a friend. I will say that a lot of times the waiters won't check up on you unless you flag them down so you do have to be aware of that. I didn't mind since I was having a leisurely meal, but if you're in a rush this could make your experience negative. Cash-only so come prepared!
Solid choice for Malaysian/Chinese food. Lots of choices on the menu and the spice level is above average, the way I like it. The fish head curry is nice and hearty but not overly heavy, a good addition to brown rice. It's a pretty big space too so it's good for groups. Service was fast and attentive. Cash only!
This is for the Malaysian pohpiah. It came slathered with a brown sauce and chilli and had a very, very soggy bottom.  Inedible almost. Disappointing. Not something you will find in Malaysia.  The authentic Ipoh hawkers are disgusted.Apparently the chef wraps the pohpiah and then STEAMs it, resulting in said soggy bottom. And who puts the sauce on top?! Like an enchilada?! The roti canai and Nasi lemak were good. Please, fix the pohpiah.
Chicken pot curry 4/5 lovely sauce light but tasty sauce. tender chicken, nice lettuce.Tofu appetizer 1/5. bland Beef rendang  3/5 , little salty , meat averagely tender, generous portion
This place is awesome.  I came here on a Saturday afternoon and we were sat right away.  there really isn't too many seats available so if you are coming for dinner, make sure that are getting there early.  There was a lunch special where you get a soup,  a rice bowl with a choice of meat and a choice of ramen.  I got the salmon with rice and that was amazing.  The ramen was good as well.  U will be coming back here for sure.
Penang:Philadelphia::Nyonya:NYC (but cash only!)If you think about it, living in the culinary nexus of the world, we New Yorkers have the luxury of going to specific restaurants for specific items. Who needs "Asian fusion" when Vietnamese, Thai, Filipino, Chinese (and within that, Sichuanese, Shanghainese, Cantonese) restaurants are equidistant from your departure point and masters in their own cuisine?So what are the specific cravings that bring me to Nyonya? Malaysian, and within that, roti canai, prawn mee, and Indian mee goreng.Their roti canai, a classic Malaysian appetizer, is a super thin flatbread, crispy and chewy all at the same time, wonderful to break apart and dip into the curry served on the side (which, just like at Penang, has just one piece of potato and one piece of meat).The prawn mee (egg noodles, shredded pork, shrimp, vegetables, bean sprouts, and dried onions in a spicy soup), is apparently a Nyonya favorite, and with good reason because this dish delivers! The stock is chock full of shrimp flavor from the dried shrimp, prawn heads, and other spices. It is so rich and such a delight to the palette, but be mindful of heating up leftovers in the office the next day because it may not necessarily be a delight to the less adventurous nose.The Indian mee goreng (stir-fried egg noodles in a mild dried squid sauce with tofu, potatoes, shrimp, and egg) here was a little different than what I'm used to. To be honest, it tasted a little more like a basic lo mein, but because of how much lemon juice my friend and I had put on it, it's possible we'd altered the chemical composition and thus the flavor. I'll have to go back and try it again for a second opinion.Another staple dish I enjoy is the Spicy Thai Chicken, steamed bone-in chicken served room temperature with the chef's special spicy (but not spicy enough) sauce. Not the daintiest thing to be eating (gotta make sure you spit them bones out), but SUCH a steal at $10 for half a chicken and $7.50 for a quarter of a chicken!  My goodness, what a great price.Basically, until some native Malaysian tells me otherwise, Nyonya will be my go-to for Straits food in Lower Manhattan.
Truly authentic Malaysian cuisine. My family's from KL so my tongue is keen on decadent Malaysian food. With that being said, this is one of the few Malaysian joints in NYC with amazing and well spiced curry. The roti's curry dipping sauce was to die for. Perfect consistency, tolerable heat and wonderful flavors. Although the roti itself was not as crisp as I expected it to be, it did not take away from the dish itself. We also had the satay chicken. The peanut dipping sauce was a bit overly sweet, but the charred chicken was great, not too dry. Boyfriend thought that it was way too oily but I felt it was alright. We also shared the beef rendang and it was godly!!!! The meat was incredibly tender and the fuse of spices leaves an explosion of flavors in your palette. It was definitely on the spicier side, but with Malaysian cuisine, heat is a given! The portion was exceptionally big, but did not come with rice. Boo..Enjoyed a soy bean with grass jelly drink and a red bean drink on the side. No complaints, def. give it a try. Also subdues the heat from the spiciness of the dishes. My only quibble is that they only accept cash. I had to run down to nearest Chase bank two blocks away. Lame.
Very disappointed of their Hainanese Chicken.Why? Yes, it is tender, but  they are cheating. Explanation.They are not using the chicken that any other Malaysian or Chinese restaurants are using to make the whole chicken dishes, I call them Chinese chicken, usually you can only buy from the Chinese meat market.  They are using "American chicken", the ones you can buy from any supermarket regardless it is over cooked or not, the meat is still very tender, but the taste is different. Also, their portion is small, compare to many other Malaysian restaurants, but the price is not any cheaper.In short, this place has been around for over 20 years. The food was very good at the beginning. They prepared the dishes with heart and that's how they got popular.  Unfortunately, like many other money making business, they now more focusing on the profit margin.There is never an equal sign in between popular and good. Don't say it is good because it is popular or your friends tell you so.
I am a chicken rice fiend and dream about finding the perfect combination of fragrant rice chilli Ginger  chicken. I'm sad to say that Nyonya has left me still searching. I came here for the chicken rice after reading the reviews specifically mentioning how good the chicken rice was. I must say I was excited by the decor and the attentive staff. Unfortunately the chicken rice did not meet my expectations it was standard under flavoured rice, dry chicken and the soy base was over powering. I'm not saying it wasn't good because it was, it just wasn't amazing. The New Malaysian in the alleyway off Bowery was much better.The search continues...
Awesome curry. They should bottle it.
There is a one of good restaurant in China town I've tried. Me and my friend went there a second time because we like the service and food that so fair with the price. We got Bah Kut Teh, Cantonese chicken and 2 bowl of rice. Smell and taste of soup are so amazing, chicken is tender. We definately go back soon.
YOU GUYS DON'T KNOW WHAT TO ORDER HERE?This place is Famous because of their SEAFOOD!NOONE in here have ordered the COCONUT Prawns: THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST JUMBO SHRIMP WITH THEIR SPECIAL Ingredients that makes me LICK my fingers TWICE!Roti Canai (With or Without Egg) Is just a regular order to add upSautee Chicken and Beef are also Regular orders.Chow Kway Teow is "Meh" for me because it doesn't have much diversity with the noodles itself.  Just plain Shrimp, Calamari, and some extra eggs.Chicken Hainanese is very good in here.  Would recommend if you are here during lunch time.Prices are Pretty affordable.  CASH ONLY!, NO PLASTIC (Still...)
The spicy dishes are as spicy as they should be, the flavours are strong and the portions huge! We ate a lot as the dishes on the menu sounded really mouthwatering: soup and spicy chicken were fantastic. One of the best oriental restaurants I ever tried.
This restaurant is my favorite restaurant in the entire world. I don't live in New York, but I have a brother there I visit about four times a year and we go without fail at least once on every visit. My brother likes the place so much he has gone about once a week for the past 10 years or so. For context, we are Jews who live at least 30 minutes by train away from the place, so its not like its around the corner or it reminds of of our mother's food. IT IS SIMPLY amazing food as like as your palate is adventurous enough. Another thing I love about the place is that the wait staff have been there for years. Manhattan usually has really high turnover for staff, so I feel like it shows something about how they treat their staff that they stick around. All staff are polite, friendly and efficient and helpful in menu selection if you need some help deciding what to get on their compex menu. May I suggest the oyster omelet to start....
Nyonya is a great Malaysian eatery on the outskirts of Chinatown. I've come here twice, and both times I've been impressed with the flavorful food, warm and quick service, and the down-to-earth feel of this place.I've gotten the Clay Pot Pearl Noodle Soup and the Seafood Noodle Soup (if I recall the name correctly), and the portions are generous. If I eyeball it, each of these dishes has more than 4 cups / 32 ounces of broth and food, which is more than enough to fill me up well. I also liked that, as I mentioned before, both dishes were flavorful without being too in-your-face. The waitress that served me and my buddy (the 2nd time I came) had an awesome sense of humor so the three of us had a lot of laughs. I'm glad I came to Nyonya at this time of the year, because their noodle soup dishes I've tried fill me up and lead me to feel crisp and energized after I eat them.
Omg, there's probably tremendous changes with Nyonya. I'm a regular here. I've here regularly for over three years. But my recent visit made me reconsider whether I should dine here again.Start of with their food. I ordered 5 dishes 1 drink and 1 dessert, and only three dishes were ok. Here're what I ordered: roti canai, fried buns, spicy squid tentacles, kang kung, duck with ginger and scallion, Malaysian tea and coconut pudding. Seriously, the food were just ok, the food didn't not lived up to its standard. Roti canai was tasteless, the curry  didn't have any taste. It didn't taste like roti canai that I used to order from here.Kang kung was bland and too oily. And the vegetables was overcooked. Price-wise, always reasonable. Service-wise, took 30 mins for a dish. This place used to be super fast but not anymore. Not only the service is slow, the waiter was inattentive as well. Will I continue to be a regular here?NoWill I recommend this restaurant to my friends?NoAm I going to Nyonya in the future?NoIf any person-in-charge of Nyonya ever read my review, please consider and improve the food and service.
Great Malaysian restaurant in NYC Chinatown. In fact it's probably the best Malaysian restaurant in the city. My family is Malaysian and we all found the food great and authentic. I always get the Buddhist delight since I am vegan, however my family enjoyed all their dishes very much. Recommended: Prawn mee soup (my mom's favorite and she raved about it). Char kway teow (my dad said it was authentic), satay, ipoh bean sprouts, COCONUT RICE (amazing). Just visually, everything else looks great. They have drinks unique to Malaysia such as grass jelly soy bean and sour plum drink. They also have a lot of desserts such as bubur cha cha, chendol, ice kachang and peanut pancake. It is a pretty popular restaurant so it gets quite crowded during peak hours. The wait is not crazy probably like 15-20minutes. It is a big space with lots of seating. The staff is efficient and friendly. I will definitely recommend this if you are looking for good Malaysian food in the city!
So good here. My husband and I ate here a couple years ago and came back to try it again. Both times the food did not disappoint. This time around we got the curry stir fried noodles and fried rice with salted fish. Both so good and different. Nothing was overwhelmingly salty but still had great flavor. It looks busy here but they have a lot of seating. You may have to sit closely to other people but no biggie. You forget about it all cuz the food is so good.
The food was alright but the service was extremely bad. We did not know it was a cash only restaurant and the waitress pointed that out to us by rudely just walking by our table and tapping our credit card that was on the bill tray.When we asked for a bowl of rice, she rolled her eyes and just asked in a quick and rude tone, white rice or what?!At the end of it all the waitress shouted and demanded a tip despite the bad service.It was our first time and our last time there. Rude service does not make up for the food
My friends and I decided to drop by here for a small/quick bite to eat.FOOD: 1.) Roti Canai - The curry was amazing! The crispy style pancake was very thin and light.  Even though it was hard to scoop up the curry at times, the curry made up for the challenge. 2.) Roti Telur - The curry again was amazing. It's probably the same curry they serve for all the roti's. I'm glad we ordered this as well. I couldn't get enough of the curry itself. The pancake itself was light and airy. The egg and onion went well with the pancake and the filling was seasoned well. 3.) Crispy Pork Intestines - Do not let the ingredient of pork intestines scare you. A MUST order. It tastes just like a nice porky sausage. It is not gamy at all and the hoison sauce that is served with it is DELICIOUS!  Not overly salty. It has a nice balance sweet, sour, and salty. 4. ) Hainanese Chicken - The chicken was nice and moist and the soy sauce dressing that the chicken sits on is very tasty. The garlic ginger sauce that came with the chicken goes SO well with the chicken and rice. It looks like the sweet/sour bottle sauce that one can buy at the Asian super market, but don't let the look of the sauce fool you. It tastes fresh. The sauce is a bit heavy handed on the garlic and ginger so prepare yourself. 5.) Chendol - Nice end to a salty tasting of some of their menu items. This dessert is not very sweet, but very refreshing because of the ice. Just enough sweetness to mellow out the savory dishes. Service was great. The staff were super nice and attentive.  TIP: This is a CASH only place as you would expect of most places in Chinatown.
When I moved away from NYC for college, this was the place I missed the most. Seriously, it is so hard to find good Malaysian food anywhere.. this place hits the spot. They have a huge variety for their menu, so I enjoy going here when I can't decide what I'm in the mood for. I can pick a soup, noodles, rice, or delicious apps. I've never left disappointed. I couldn't give them 5 stars because their service is pretty bad. I've eaten here enough to know it wasn't just a bad day, or bad luck. I just can't stop coming here because their food is amazing. CASH ONLY, so make sure you go to the bank before arriving.
Although their curry is on point, everything slacks from service to the temperature of the food. When you walk in, the atmosphere is just like all the other Nyonya's - dark and dim. Though it looks small upon entering, but there are space for large groups in the back. We ordered the "must have" Roti canai, Veggie spring roll, curry chicken with white rice and Hainanese Chicken with flavored rice. One of the entree came out way before everything else including the appetizer...I mean...who does that?? So fine, Hubby had the first bite and the "supposedly" hot dish came out LUKE WARM and with only 4 tiny pieces of chicken on the bone. Shameful. So we waited (3-5 mins), waited (5-10 mins) and WAITED (over 10 mins by now) and trying to hunt down our waitress to ask where's the rest of the food. So finally the Hainanese Chicken came along with the spring roll...and last but not least the Roti. I'm proud that Hubby stated loudly "is that an appetizer?" at the end of our meal. There was no apology of any  sort. Some may defend the server, others the kitchen (cooks), but regardless, customers should not be left in the cold. There are more than enough staff to accommodate the spacious restaurant that was maybe 65%-75% full with small tables. I'm not being harsh, I was a server once myself too. With that being said, if you're craving Malaysian - go to New Malaysia INSIDE the tunnel between Bowery St and Elizabeth St. Entrance on either street. Service may be slightly better but food is BOMB.
Great food and decent prices. Be warned, CASH ONLY! My friends and I shared 3 plates-we all left happy and full. I wish I remembered what we ordered. I think their Malaysian spare ribs, garlic chicken, and one of their recommended noodle dishes. It was all pretty good, although I could skip on the Malaysian fried spare ribs. I plan to return and try more of their menu when I'm not restricted by friends' food allergies.
DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU VALUE YOUR HEALTH. I was incredibly disappointed by this place, I don't understand how it has so many reviews and 4 stars. While eating the food, I was actually getting a stomachache from this shitty food. Food is incredibly oily, and tastes like the chef used the same pan for all the foods he cooked. Also not really a Malaysian place; more like a Chinese place that just tries to offer random menu items and slaps 'Malaysian' on the name. First, the Roti canai is not really roti canai - usually it's a bit more soft, but this one was like a cracker. And the sauce was just pure oil and fat. Then the chicken came and my god I have not had a dryer chicken - after two bites I felt like cardboard was filling my mouth. Then the Nyonya fried noodles came and wow I was blown away by mediocrity. It was incredibly oily, ingredients were not fresh at all (ESP the shrimp), scallop had sand in it. The watercress was a bit better, but still tasted like they had cooked it in the same pan with other foods. Additionally, we ordered white rice that just never came. Despite this subpar service, they automatically charge a 15% tip when honestly I want to leave 0 tip. Especially given my queasy stomach post meal. Seriously if I could I would want to sue them for being in business and serving this type of food to customers.
I'm surprised to say it was actually a nice experience here for I didn't expect much.  The food was good and came in generous portions.  The service was adequate granted it place wasn't wall-to-wall packed.  I was also surprised to see the prices weren't absolutely ridiculous and there are plenty of reasonably priced options.There wasn't much about the food that was considerably memorable but I did leave with the concrete impression that it was good enough and didn't break the bank. FYI, cash only.I don't have any recommendations this time around but maybe I'll explore the menu a little bit next time and find something remarkable.
I first came upon Nyonya at the Brooklyn location where my sister lives. When I found out they made one in the city, my dream literally came true. Their Roti is crispy, chewy and warm and goes perfectly with the curry they provide. Their Hainanese chicken is nice and flavorful (you must get it with the coconut rice!). But by far my favorite is the sizzling tofu! OMG this is my ultimate favorite tofu spot! Please just try it and you'll understand lol. This place has very authentic Malaysian flavors and every one of my friends that I brought became obsessed!
Sorry to say this place has gone to what I call tourist restaurant with no taste the curry that I use to love has been water down and taste like shit.. curry should be thicker. The chicken favor rice is dry as the desert.. Unbelievable that since hippies and tourist the food Quality has gone below 1star... I've been eat at this place for a long time and no is no even a place I recommend for friends visiting from out of town. People that give higher then 2 star don't know what real food is. Even my chef friends say is really bad..
If you're looking to get your cheap Malaysian crave in the city, Nyonya is the place to be! Rice and noodle dishes are within a reasonable range and come in large portions. My friends and I each ordered noodle dishes along and split two appetizers (chicken skewers and the roti canai) and we ended up completely stuffed and only having to pay $11 including tax and tip- what a steal! *warning, food is on the greasier end.
I came here on the recommendation of one of my friends who really wanted to try this place out. We came to the restaurant before the dinner rush started and were seated immediately. They have a pretty expansive menu of different options. As a forewarning there is limited vegetarian options found at this place.I started off with the roti pani and it was alright. The curry was very well seasoned and wasn't too spicy which I liked. The roti was just not up to par. I thought that it was too crispy all around and didn't have enough dough towards the center. Every time I would try to dip my roti in the curry it would just end up breaking. I also got the fish noodle soup and it was alright too. I thought the noodles were a little bit too over cooked and the broth was too overly salted. The waiter did give me a forewarning that it would have a very fishy taste to it. I just thought they could have seasoned it with something else as well. All in all, it was an okay experience. I wasn't blown away by the food but the waiter was very nice and accommodating.
This place might be my favorite Malaysian restaurant, if only out of nostalgia (I've been coming here before Chinatown was ~hip~). With the area constantly gentrifying and new businesses popping up like weeds, it's nice to see that Nyonya has remained after all this time - and for good reason.After a poor experience at another restaurant where miscommunications with the hostess led to a 2 hour wait, I was really happy when the Nyonya hostess came outside to call numbers for those of us standing out front because the waiting area was full. It wasn't a huge deal but it still meant a lot. My friend and I waited about 20 minutes, which wasn't too bad for a busy Saturday night. It was a bit hard to get ahold of a server at times, and we had to ask more than once for water, but other than that it was fine. I wish I remembered the name of our server because he was so kind and cheerful.Roti canai, chow kueh teow, and pineapple fried rice are my go-to dishes. I'm pretty basic. The entree portions are a good size - more than I can finish in one sitting. Affordable and so so delicious. Don't ever change, Nyonya.
Always make a stop here every time I come to NYC. order the roti and hainan chicken. It's DELICIOUS
I have never been a fan of Malaysian food, my go-to is merely their appetizer of Roti, their Hainese Chicken for the "authenticity" of Malaysian food or the pineapple fried rice (because pen pineapple apple pen? JUST KIDDING). I know that this chain is killing it all over Brooklyn, so it has to just be me that finds it just okay.I ordered the salted fish fried rice while the SO ordered the pineapple fried rice. I'm sure that by now you can tell I am the more adventurous one. We also got the Roti, because we have to. The meal was decent, I liked it... The only thing I have to really backup my lack of fondness for Malaysian food is probably because I'm not the biggest seafood fan + I had A LOT of trouble figuring out what to eat on the menu (and this happens to me for a couple of cuisines). Aside from that, I'm never really left "craving" for Malaysian food...In terms of service and atmosphere, I would say that the place is PACKING and their employees are probably super stressed out due to the volume. I watched a poor waiter mix up an order (trying to give us a salad meant for the table next to us, which is weird because each table is numbered). So the attention level will be quite limited. The decorations here are nice though, there's that.
This review is for meal I had a few months ago.  The food is good but I really don't know why the skin on the hainan chicken is soooo yellow. Won't order it next time .The bread with the curry sauce is good but a bit pricey.
My belief on judging if an Malaysian restaurant is authentic is solely based on (some of) their signature Hainanese chicken rice and this place is spot on.The chicken essence flavor rice is never smushy/wet. You can even use your chopsticks to pick up the rice grain by grain. The chicken portion is fair. Key to good flavored chicken is the color on the skin, bright yellow from seasoning. The chicken does not have a greasy or slimey texture. Nyonya has really stepped up the Malaysian cuisine in Chinatown.
Yummy! I tasted many flavored that I seldom tried before. Great!! :) I went with many people and didn't eat quite much. Next time, I'll come back in smaller group and had more food. LOL
The food is average and quite pricey for it's location near chinatown.  Not sure if we would try again.  It's cash only, and the price doesn't include the tax yet.  So be prepared to pay more than what you read on the menu.
Delicious, cheap, and clean! We came in to just have a snack and a drink, but ended up ordering a bit more and finishing it all. We tried:- Roti canai: for less than four bucks, you should all try this appetizer. In Indian cuisine, the fluffy tortilla-like bread is also called bhatura or puri, but I guess in Malaysian cuisine it's known as roti. Just break off paper-thin pieces of it and dip it in the curry sauce (with potatoes, carrots, chicken, etc). Great start to a meal! - Hainanese chicken: I didn't know what to expect when I ordered this (based on all the lovely Yelp reviews) but when it came out, it looked like the Emperor's chicken from Chinese cuisine, except it was swimming in a soy-based sauce. The chicken was tender and delicious, even though it was served cold. You can order it as a rice plate, or by itself as a quarter, half, or whole chicken. Between me and my bf, the quarter was more than enough. -Lasi lemak: this is considered the national dish! It consists of coconut rice with chili anchovies, half a hard-boiled egg, pickled vegetables, cucumbers, and Malaysian curry chicken. It was so interesting to have such different flavors and textures on one plate, and everything just WORKED. The chicken was extremely tender and the rice was so fragrant. There was also enough rice on this plate for us to eat with our Hainanese chicken. Cons: cash only, decent service, dim lighting. Other than that, I left full and content!
Came in to get half a haianese chicken to go. Old guy at the register tried to give me a bunch of change in chinese coins. go home to find out the hainese chicken was just a regular half chicken with cilantro and melon....maybe this is a trick you play on out of towners but i grew up in the area and if i wanted a regular half chicken i wouldve gone to a chinese shop. i hate being deceived.
Fair. Food was decent, ambient is better than the rest of the Chinese places in Chinatown. The rice wasn't great but the mango chicken was. Together they were really good. Just don't trus the waiter when he says "this is not spicy".
The food is great but the service is definitely lacking. We got the chicken and the salty fried rice both dishes were excellent but the waiters were not attentive at all. I had to constantly get their attention and I even had to bring up the check once I had paid for it since no one was coming to grab it. Oh well you get what you pay for. Come for the food not for the service.
We haven't been here in a while and wanted to try something different tonight. As usual, they seated us right away and brought us over hot tea. Food took almost 20 minutes to come out. Maybe it was because of the Pork Ribs but this is still slow for Chinatown standards. People who came after us were already eating. Food was a little on oily side. The overall experience wasn't as good as I remembered. We might go back to our noodle soup and rice dishes next time.
I was really excited to try this place since I've never had Malaysian food before. Nyonya's interior is nice and clean and the place was pretty busy for a Wednesday night.Roti Canai ($3.50): As the appetizer that everyone suggested on Yelp, I was quite disappointed. The curry sauce was bland and watery, but the tortilla was crispy. No spoons came out with the dish so it was difficult to get the few potato and chicken pieces at the bottom.Hainanese Chicken and Spicy Thai Chicken: We couldn't decide which one to try so we ordered both. Like other reviewers said, these chicken dishes are cold. Both were tender and I enjoyed the skin and sauces that they came in. However, there was too much bone. Also, neither dish comes with rice! The Thai Iced Tea wasn't bad. They also have a Malaysian Iced Tea which is supposed to be very similar, but not as strong. Service was OK. Some servers were nicer than others. Also, this place is CASH ONLY! The prices are decent for the value, but I probably will not be coming back.
VERY SIMILAR to Penang in boston.. Nice Malaysian Cuisine! It's not the most authentic Malyasian restaurant around, but they make some tasty dishes with the right flavors! AND it's reasonably priced.Nasi Lemak was good, a nice mix of different items with coconut rice which has a nice fragrance and a slight pandan/coconutty flavor to it.. Best coconut rice I've had! (even better than the ones in Malaysia itself)Beef Rendang: SO MUCH FLAVOR! Tender beef chunks simmered in a magic sauce of heaven.. MMMMMMCASH ONLY THOUGHH!
The Satay tofu did nothing for me. But Chow Kueh Teow, OMG, it was so good!Green Tea ice cream was perfection as well.Very reasonable pricing and a nice feeling in the restaurant. Not just Asian customers but the food still is good.
This place has been in business for many many years.  I come by every time I am in NY.  Food is good and the price is reasonable.   Can be a long wait if you come at the wrong time.  Don't expect great service....took 40 mins for my meal today.  Cash only.  :(
Great food, alright pricing, and okay service. I can say I liked everything else but the peanut pancake. It wasn't as great as I thought it would be but thats okay!This place is normally packed. It's rare to see it empty, so thats when you know something went wrong. The best items I would recommend would be the Roti Canai or the Roti Telur. Must must must try! (:
The place is a lot bigger than it looks from the outside. Food was delicious and portions were bigger than I expected. Good drinks and good service. Would come back.
Not my favorite place but I do enjoy my meals here. I love the fried pearl noodles and roti canal!! The fried ice cream is great too as well as abc. Highly recommend the fried pearl noodles.
Solid Malaysian food. Always get the roti and the cold chicken. I seriously love the roti. I refuse to share.
wow.this place was packed. ALSO CASH ONLY.must tryRoti Canai- i dont even know what it is. it's just GOOD.Crispy Golden Fried Squid- so so so so so so so good. its a bit spicy, tastes like salt and pepper fried squid.i dont even remember what else we got, it was just a lot of food, a lot of good food.The bathrooms are in the back and the ladies room was nice and clean!A definite go to in you're in little italy/chinatown
This place was recommended to me by a dear friend of mine, and man, it is good!  Prices are reasonable, too!  Customer Service is good as well!My friend, boyfriend and I ordered an appetizer called Roti Canai.  It was so good!  It is basically Malaysian Naan Bread that comes with Curry Dipping Sauce.  It was in a small portion, but the taste and texture were great.For our entrees, I ordered Curry Mee with Young Tau Foo.  This was a Noodle Soup Dish in Spicy Lemongrass, Coconut Curry with Tofu, Vegetables and Fish.  It was pretty good.  I definitely like Lemongrass/Curry type of broths.  My friend ordered Hainanese Chicken.  That was one of the recommended dishes at this place.  She really liked it, my boyfriend and I just "liked" it.  I honestly thought that it was just okay; the chicken had too much skin on it for my taste buds, which made it taste pretty fatty, but overall, it was good.  Lastly, I believe that my boyfriend ordered Beef Rendang.  That ish was bomb!  They were tender pieces of meat, cooked into Spices, Lemongrass and Coconut Milk, that resembled a strong, think and tasty curry.  It was very delicious.  The Hainanese Chicken and Beef Rendang came with their respective rice bowls, which were also good as well.For dessert, we tried some Shaved Ice Desserts (I forgot the names), but one was with Rose Milk Tea flavoring and some Red Beans and Vanilla Ice Cream, and the other dessert was a Shaved Ice Dessert with some basic syrup flavorings and Taro, Jellies, etc., with Vanilla Ice Cream, as well.  Both desserts were flavorful and satisfying.I am definitely coming back here for some more delicious Malaysian food!  Yum!
The Hainan chicken is not that delicious as expected. The Indian pancake is awesome though.
Nyonya hit the spot!I had gotten an hour massage earlier in the afternoon, so I was dehydrated- and already getting sore- come dinner. That said, I started my meal with fresh coconut juice, served in a shaved coconut, and it was exactly what I needed!My friend and I then continued with shares of the steamed spring rolls, the lemongrass seafood stew with rice noodles, and the sauteed shrimp with vegetables, and everything was delicious. The spring rolls and the stew were particularly tasty, and together were filling enough that we could have done without the shrimp but we ate it all, regardless!
Really good Asian restaurant  Different countries different tastes.So many choices. Like it
I really enjoy eating here since the staff is helpful when trying to navigate so many tasty items on their menu. The price is right and the flavors are a great mix of Malay, Indian, and Chinese flavors. The Malaysian food is really delicious. I love the roti, curries, Hainanese chicken, and soups. Parking is easy and just about every subway comes to Little Italy/Chinatown.
Came here for my birthday dinner. They were very patient with us (we had a whopping 14 people in our party). Value for money. Definitely fulfilled the craving for Malaysian food that had been eating away at me. Only down side was that the meat wasn't halal, which made it difficult for my Muslim friends.
This restaurant was so busy when I went. The service was ok, pretty slow but I could understand because of all the people there. Plus, the waiters all walk really fast, so it was hard to flag one down when we needed them.I ordered the Prawn Mee, and it was delicious. I was worried that I wasn't going to like it because I normally don't like weird Asian food, but the spice was just enough so that I didn't have to drink fifteen gallons of water and still gave a lot of flavor.  There were a lot of things on the menu that I wanted to try, but maybe next time. I would definitely return here, but definitely during a slower hour. The decor inside is modern while still being traditional Asian. The wallpaper is pretty busy with printed scenes, but the furniture and lighting gives it a more modern vibe.
I went here with my wife, who is from Singapore, and her friend, who is also from there, as well as her husband. As such, we know spore food and miss eating it!!! There is spore food in Chicago where we live. We got roti, chicken rice, rendang, kang kong, and salted fish and bean sprouts. They were all delicious. What was great was that we stayed and caught up with our friends for quite awhile after eating and at no point felt rushed. Beware though that this place is cash only.
Great place to go to for quality Malaysian food for a good price. My favorite dishes here are the roti canai and the beef rendang. The curries here are so tasty! I love how soft yet crispy the roti canai pancake is. The beef brisket in the rendang is really flavorful after having been simmered in lemongrass, coconut milk, chili pepper, turmeric, and more. Did not love the Nasi Lemak over rice... was a strange combination of stir fry.Service here is fast, and the restaurant is a nice size so I have never had trouble getting a table here.
HIGHLIGHTS:Roti Canai (get your own!)Beef Chow FunKang Kung BelacanBeware: Cash only!Nyonya is almost a carbon-copy of Penang in Boston - one of my favorite restaurants as an undergrad. Next time I'm in NY, I'll be back!
Nyonya is a smorgasbord of East Asian food Americanized enough to be one of the major go to restaurants in Chinatown.  The new location is large and beautiful with very nice lighting and a fairly relaxing ambiance, if it weren't for the speed of meal busy times.We began with the almost required Roti Canai and I had the Ginger Duck Soup as well as a few stolen rice cakes.  The roti canai was awesome, perfectly cooked bread and such a good dipping sauce I almost asked for a straw to finish off the little dish when the bread was gone.  The ginger duck soup however was pretty lack luster.  It was very monotone and the completely un-butchered (I know, I know, it's "traditional") duck was tough and somehow held none of its flavor to the soup.  The rice cakes were good though.I feel like I should go back and try some other stuff as there were other menu items that I'm sure were better than my duck soup (chosen in part because of the Marx Brothers).  But when I do go back I'll make sure to BRING CASH!  For a major restaurant they don't accept credit cards... seriously, someone go download the iphone app and figure it out, it's 2014!
D3licious food. Awesome  servise. Really really cheap. We ordered 5 different meals and the price was inder $80. That included dessert!  Only niche is the cash only policy.
CASH ONLY. You're in Little Italy, but it's really Chinatown. We ordered the roti canai, the salted fish with bean sprouts, sizzling Nyonya tofu, and the 1/4 Hainanese chicken. The roti's as soft and fluffy yet crispy as you'd want, and the curry dipping sauce had a piece of chicken and potato but was a bit watery. I'd have preferred the bean sprouts without the salted fish, and the sizzling Nyonya tofu was soft and flavorful but didn't come with any sizzle and had a melange of odd vegetables - red pepper, broccoli - and a film of egg whites underneath, with none of the minced pork or shrimp described. The chicken was the best, but a skinny bird overall. For all that we ordered, it came to about $40 before tip. We sat down at about 6:30, and the restaurant quickly got packed around 7ish. The waitstaff was hands-off but gave us a refill of hot tea even during the rush. It's one of my friend's favorite places so I'm willing to try it again, but I'm a bit underwhelmed.
Terrible food! I ordered spicy squids, it was burnt, and extremely sweet. The rest of the food was also bad. They had terrible service, they kept giving the food to wrong tables and switching them around. DISAPPOINTED!
This restaurant is AWESOME!!!!!!!!! You should try prawn mee, it's cheap and tastes soooooooo goood. We love the sauteed kangkong dish as well. The restaurant accepts cash only, and can be very crowded during weekend, so I suggest you come early! I would suggest  not to try the coconut, the last time I tried the coconut was not "young" :-(, and also don't try rojak (it's a dessert with cuttlefish lol) if you are a first timer.
This is the place for anyone who wanna try 'near to authentic' Singaporean and Malaysian food. Their Hokkien Char Mee and Prawn Mee is a must try!! Iced milk tea was nice but too sweet. Service is ok nothing special. Nice hot Chinese tea being served when seated. Came here thrice during lunch and it's not crowded. This place is also good for group of 10.Can't wait to go back to try other dishes!
I was really impressed to find such a hidden gem in Chinatown! I'm really glad to whoever gave me the recommendation.We arrived around 11, 11:15AM on a Sunday, and the restaurant was empty. However, one hour later, the entire cavern had filled with people, mostly families with a kid or there, but it never got so deafly loud that you can't have a personal conversation, which is all i wanted.Cash only.I had roti canai and nasi lemak, and thought both were spot on. Nasi lemak had a lot of rice, I was hoping they'd be a little more generous with the rest of the stuff, but I liked it. I'd definitely love to come here and eat something different time!Service was average.
Absolutely amazing place for Malaysian food. The food there is authentic, clean and tasty. Highly recommend.
Amazing, amazing food. Granted I don't believe I have ever had authentic Malaysian food and I was a starstruck tourist in Manhattan but it was one of the best Yelp decisions my friends and I made. We got the Mee Siam (thin noodles with egg, veggies and delicious shrimp!), the Masak Lemak w/chicken which was fabulous. Nice gravy and super flavorful. Last, we got the Malaysian buddhist which was a milder dish. It had I believe some sort of egg based gravy and it was the only vegetarian dish we had. Overall the food was VERY satisfying and if I didn't have to share, I would've scarfed down all three dishes by myself, no guilt!Food aside, the service was absolutely terrible! Only for the food or else I would never come here again. After being seated the waiters practically avoided eye contact for around 10 min and finally we had to call them over to ask for some water. A while later, we had to call again to take our order. The dishes also came all one at a time instead of together. WE were a hungry bunch so we didn't mind but it wasn't ideal. We were sharing the dishes so we could try a variety and despite our request no one got extra plates for us. We were stuck eating the food out of our appetizer plates and we couldn't start eating our gravy dish for a long time because the rice hadn't come out. I regret leaving any tip at all. Such bad a service for a seemingly popular place!Also a fun tidbit for you: if you're the adventurous type definitely check out there restroom. If all is as it is, the stalls side walls are cloudy transparent. That means you can see the person next to you, well a clouded version. Took my friend by surprise for sure!
A+ this good was absolutely delicious everything we ordered was good
I ordered take out on a Monday evening approximately 7pm on St Patty's day. It wasn't crowded inside at this time. There was a young lady puking outside on the sidewalk into a garbage bin on the fine holiday. The desk persons took my order. While they all could speak English, one of the ladies took my order in English and translated to the cashier (in Canto?), and he then repeated the order back to me in English. I appreciate their effort to validate orders though it was a unique way to handle the transaction.I ordered hainan chicken for my brother and a pineapple fried rice for myself. Food came out pretty quickly. The young lady outside was gone by the time I left with takeout in hand.The pineapple fried rice was delectable and filling. I wish it had fibrous vegetables to compliment all the starches, fruit, and protein.  The chicken was cold and tasty when dipped into the soy sauce. With a half hour subway trip in freezing temperatures, this could maybe be why the chicken was cold, though maybe it was intentional as well.Cash only.
I enjoy this place every time I go.  Roti canai is one of the best little appetizers, spicy creamy and warm, it is by far my favorite thing on the menu.  Tried the shrimp pad tai- I enjoyed it, the noodles seemed fresh and very well made.  The ambiance is great, very appropriate for a date and kids are welcome.  If you don't want to break the bank it is also very affordable.
One of my FAVORITE Malaysian spots. Beautiful atmosphere and design. Staff are knowledgeable on menu and helpful on choosing dishes. Prices are decent. Now, onto the more important stuff....I eat the same thing every single time:  *Chicken flavored rice (YUM!)*Roti Canai (always so great)*Spicy Thai Chicken (which isn't exactly spicy but so flavorful I can't complain)*Kang Kung Belacan (delicious and tastefully spiced vegetable dish)AND DRUMROLL PLEASE.....*Nyonya House Special Squid.This dish is so well put together every single time I come eat.. I can't get enough. I ALWAYS want more. If you haven't tried this yet... I don't know why not. Just today I discovered the Bah Kut Teh soup. WOW. Going right into that list of must order when I go again.For noodle lovers, their noodles are all delicious too. For thirsty eaters, their Thai iced tea and Malaysian iced tea are both yum!Overall, I'd come back and eat here at least three times a month for the rest of my life.
Great place to eat with friends, family, and others... Ambience is great, service is great, choices are great, food quality and taste are great. Cost is also great. One of the top restaurants in Chinatown of NYC. Worth eating here!
I love Nyonya!  I have been going way back when it was in its old location across the street for many years.Tonight at ate here with my friend who is originally from Malaysia and this is one of his top places to eat.  I love the Hainese chicken and their roti cani.  Their noodles were also flavorful with a hint of spiciness which was not overwhelming.This place is definitely popping on the weekend!
I've always wanted to give Malaysian food a try and this place definitely seemed like the best place to go to on my visit to NYC. I ordered the Beef Chow Fun and also got to taste some Mango Chicken and beef Masak Lemak. They were all very delicious! The only reason why I am giving 4 stars is because I found a piece of hair in my food that I can be 100% sure wasn't mine because of length, color and texture. When I mentioned it to the waiter, they kept trying to convince me that it definitely had nothing to do with them and could have been me. I never like to complain about petty things and try to just let it go but pulling a piece of hair out of food that is in your mouth is gross. My waiter told me that they would bring me out a fresh serving of Beef Chow Fun, which they did, and I appreciated that. It made the experience better for me but I still feel bad that there was any sort of situation in the first place. All in all, I would recommend this place. I would definitely go back again. DON'T FORGET, THEY TAKE CASH ONLY! I didn't expect that but I dislike that about them.
An absolute plethora of options greets you on the menu. From crispy pork intestines to sautéed frog, you can probably find something to suit your taste. We enjoyed the fresh tea available as soon as you sit. Better bring cash, because they don't accept credit cards. The spring rolls were a welcome appetizer, with a dual plum/spicy sauce that tickled our appetites.   The beef curry was a delectable mouth-watering tender flavor fest.  Mango shrimp was a sweet and spicy voyage to the Orient. The Sambar shrimp seemed fishy at first, but then grew better in flavor and was ultimately delightful.
Ive been to many nyonya restaurants in the past but this one is just ridiculous. I've never had worst experience. When we first came in, no one greeted us, the hostess or waitress that sat us down was giving us an unpleasant look. We ordered food shortly after, I got fresh watermelon juice, pineapple fried rice and roti canai. The drinks are always supposed to come first because it's the fastest thing to get done, next it should be the roti canai. In all the other restaurants roti canai came ASAP, no more than a 5 minute wait. But in this restaurant the pineapple fried rice came first but it took 15-20 minutes and there was still no sign of the roti canai till another 5 minutes later. The pineapple fried rice and roti canai was good. Then we decided to order some hainanese chicken. We waited for 10 minutes and it was still not here. By then we were done and asked for the check and the waiter reminded us there's chicken. OF COURSE WE KNOW THERES CHICKEN BUT ITS NOT HERE. Right after that they decided to give us the chicken and check.... PS THE CHICKEN WAS SOGGY AND IF YOU THINK THE RESTAURANT WAS BUSY, IT WAS NEARLY EMPTY. BECAUSE THEN I WOULDN'T HAVE COMPLAINED.
Number 31!! Dont worry, if you lose your ticket for your table, you can write yourself another!Roti Canai is definitely key! Started with that, and then had the Mango chicken and the Cantonese chow fun. Both really amazing. Service is weird... they came around but you can feel that they were quick to get you in and out. But it didnt matter, because the food is on point! Great area too, lots to do and good scene. Would return!
Great prices, good portions and quick service.  We got the Roti Telur (thick pancake stuffed w/ egg + onions with curry dipping sauce). It was really cheap ($5) for the size of the pancake...granted it was just us two eating. We also shared the coconut rice dish which was served with the rice portion in the middle and then all of the items surrounding it (pickled vegetable, chicken, anchovies, etc). The rice was REALLY good. the grains are smaller than normal rice you get at other asian restaurants and it had just a subtle coconut flavor. I could eat that rice by itself. The chicken was nicely flavored but kind of dry. We also shared the spicy noodle shrimp soup which was good. Wish it had more vegetables. Overall, will come here again to satisfy my malaysian cravings! It's not crowded at all around 7pm on the weekdays. Lots of people come in here to grab a quiet dinner on the weekdays.
There aren't words to express my disappointment in Nyonya. Normally when I come and eat in I have no qualms, the food is amazing, portions are sized well and staff is extremely efficient.So I give them a call for pick up and get the regular, which consists of Hainanese Chicken, Pad Thai and the Roti, they tell me it'll be about 30 minutes. So when i get back home I take a look at everything and although I requested for white meat and a chicken leg which i paid extra for I received neither, instead I received about 6 pieces of bone with barely any meat and 2 pieces of meat and a wing. The pad thai had peanuts, despite that I've always made a heavy emphasis that no peanuts could be on the order. The Roti, well that was probably the best part of the meal that t they didn't mess up on. I called them to complain about the order and how they messed up, the person put me on hold and hung up a minute or so later, definitely some spectacular customer service there. Honestly, being here at least once a month I would've never expected this from them. I'm truly disappointed with Nyonya. Would I consider delivery from them again? After this horrendous experience, Most definitely not but as for their restaurant its definitely something worth trying when you're in the neighborhood.**On a side note, its cash only**
Good food, the flavor was great and the prices are not bad. The service is somewhat slow but not too bad. Recommended.
This is easily one of my favorite places in New York. The fried rice is AMAZING. The Roti of course a must. Besides these two, I don't really have a favorite since my friend and I make it a thing to order something different each time. I see that a lot of people get a soup/noodle dish and that is definitely on my list for the next time.But I def recommend the Roti and the Pineapple fried rice. I LOVE THIS PLACE!
Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Pretty decent food (Not MY-GAWDs this is amazing)2) Amazing drinks (all sorts of cocktails, fresh COCONUTS mmmm, Asian beers like Thai Singah and Tiger...)3) Friendly service, but you'll definitely be competing for the waiter's attention among the other tables4) Very quick service (but nothing comes together...it trickles in 1 dish at a time, or as they are made)5) Prices are very reasonable. For the quality and for how generous the portions are, it is a steal. I had a party of 8, we ordered 7 main dishes, 6 bowls of rice, 4 beers, 2 coconuts, 2 thai iced teas, and 1 cocktail, as well as 2 appetizers = $35/person which included tip)6) Definitely great for large parties, but may be annoying if you're on a date due to the noise and unpredictable serviceCons:1) Need to have 7+ people in order to have a reservation, otherwise first come, first serve2) Noisy as heeeell! Prepare to yell at your neighbor if you want a conversation3) Pretty tricky to call for your waiter...this place is surprisingly large and noisy with few waiters. The front looks like a small cutesy place, but when you walk in, the back opens up like some Wiz Oz trick.4) See #3 above...dishes will never come together and on time...they'll be served when they are made/ready...so don't be surprised if 1 of your friends starts eating while you wait for the other 8 dishes...
Best roti cani and Malaysian iced tea in all of Chinatown for sure!It even tastes good when you order take-out and its been sitting in a car for 30 minutes. I highly recommend their roti cani because they offer the biggest portion of bread out of all the Malaysian restaurants in Chinatown.
I was really excited to try this place due to the reviews and recommendation by a friend. I've also never had Malaysian food before so it was all new to me. --Roti Canai--I was expecting a nice thick curry sauce to dip in as the appetizer. I also thought that it would have been a nice share-able size. Neither was the case. The thin, homemade tortilla did a poor job in sopping up any of the thin watery curry. --Hainanese Chicken--This really popular dish was just alright to me. The chicken comes out pre-cut into manageable pieces. I thought the sauce went well with the cold and tender chicken meat-- but I don't feel like it's so good that I have to eat it every time I come to New York. Surprisingly, the dishes did not come with rice. I think it would have been nice if we had something to eat the extra sauce with. Overall, I think I prefer the Vietnamese cold chicken salad  [goi ga] over this dish. --Spicy Thai Chicken--Same cold chicken as the Hainanese with a different sauce. I preferred the added spiciness in this sauce and enjoyed this plate more than the other. --Service--Service was a little spotty with some of them being very pleasant and others were not. They did allow my friend to charge her phone which was nice enough of them to do so. I was expecting to taste flavors that I have never experienced before when I came here and I was also expecting a complex range of flavors from their dishes. Both expectations were unfortunately not met but it was overall a decent meal. Tip: They only accept cash!Food: 3Value: 3Service: 3Overall: 3
For a Malaysian restaurant in Manhattan many cannot match the taste and variety that this one offers in but thats only Manhattan. At the same time, this is the only restaurant I've been to that I always have diarrhea after eating there every single time. I usually order:Mee GorengRoti CanaiHainan Chicken RiceBah Kut Teh SoupCurry Beef/ChickenIced CoffeeService is usually pretty fast and not really bad though sometimes say the bill is $51.47, I apparently give them $51 cash, 2 dimes and 27 pennies they're not happy about it though as they'll probably give you a dirty look and talk badly about you like they did me, but I did tell them they're the ones who are charging the pennies to begin with and not accepting cards. Personally if you're in the mood for Malaysian try Brooklyn's 8th Avenue as there are much better tasting and much less expensive choices and you can possibly save yourself a diarrhea.
Their roti canai is the best appetizer to start with.food is always delicious and fresh. I personally love pad Thai and some garlic fried chicken. This place can get a bit busy and the waiters can become less attentive. The only downside is that it's cash only.
Rolled into Nyonya at 9:30PM on a Sunday night after a ridiculous hike upstate.Mee Goreng, Beef Rendang, and Nasi Lemak! Mee goreng has never failed to disappoint. Beef Rendang...was exactly what I needed! The Nasi Lemak was OK, but I guess I wasn't feeling the ikan bilis in it. Lots of love for the hainanese chicken rice and coconut rice!!Malaysian Iced Tea wasn't as good as the last time I had it. The man-friend loved his honeydew drink ("There's real honeydew in this!!") and said I found his new seamless spot.Going back for the Laksa soon. And perhaps some bubor chacha.
I ordered coconut jumbo pawns, Hainanese chicken, and sizzling tofu. They give small portion. Too many selections therefore not really professional. I don't think the food overall is authentic.
This is my second time at Nyonya. I had given it 3 stars for my last experience but the raves that I hear convinced me to give it another try. This try we ordered: Roti Canai: Delicious! The dip was so good!Mee Siam: fried noodles with egg  shrimp. A bit tangy and sweet, like pad thai. The combination of hardboiled eggs, shrimp and fried noodles is real comfort food. Beef Rendang: Eat it with the spoon provided and accompany the pieces of meat with a generous helping of the sauce it's bathing in. It's a heavenly spoonful of beef.... mmmm..Hainanese Chicken: The sauce was the best part of this chicken, absolutely delicious! The chicken had a nice texture but the sauces paired with it really made the dish. It definitely doesn't disappoint.Dessert: Coconut  rice soup: It was good but not the best I've had. I found the soup too thin for my taste. I like my sweet dessert soups nice and creamy. I left wondering about their fried ice-cream. I have yet to find a place in NY that makes fried icecream that can beat my mom's in our family-owned restaurant. Next time I will try their fried fish in sweet and sour sauce too. I wonder if the Malaysian kind differs from the Chinese "crispy fish with pine nuts."
The coconut pudding looks oddly expensive on the menu - $7, when I had a duck dish for $6.  Rule of thumb: dessert does not usually cost more per serving than dinner.  That being said, here is some free advice: DO NOT order the coconut pudding for one.  It is not for just you.  Unless you're my former self (read: a 90s' fat kid - I think my former self could have handled it!) or an endomorph with an enormous appetite (in which case I hate you), then you may carry on with your order.It's been a decade since I first discovered Nyonya, introduced to it by a friend, back when it still lived in a hole at 194 Grand instead of across the street at its current location of 199 Grand, before Chinatown had eaten Little Italy down to...what, one block?  I kind of miss the hole, but only for nostalgia's sake.  I much prefer not knocking everything over in my feeble attempt to get to a table.  I have no idea what the name of the dish I ate that day was, because my friend ordered for me, only describing it to me as "fish soup," which my high school freshman self thought sounded unappetizing - but so far.  Truth be told, I'd forgotten it existed because I get lost in Nyonya's menu every time I stop in, but I have to get it next time I'm there.What I must stress for anyone who hasn't been here before is that Nyonya takes CASH ONLY.  The number of parties who had to send someone out in the snow on Friday night to find an ATM amused/dismayed me, because all it suggests is that you do not possess eyes.  There's a sign on the front door.  You're forgiven (maybe) if you're not used to opening doors for yourself.Friday night, we ordered duck with scallion and ginger over rice (yum!) and the Nyonya signature noodles - which is something else I'll have to have next time.  It's spiced wonderfully!  I had one bite and fell in love.  Almost every time I've been here, save for Friday, actually, we all order roti canai to split...and on that note, we come to Part 2 of the review....-----Birthday Dinner, 9/28/121/4 of 24+ to Celebrate 24I called Nyonya a week before to make a reservation for 20, which ultimately ended up being a table of 13, where everyone else showed up about an hour earlier than I did - thank trains and a cake fiasco we'll get to later... - but all of whom were seated together by the time I got there!  This was pretty impressive both on part of my friends, most of whom didn't know anyone else there, and on part of Nyonya, for agreeing to seat 12/13 people without the birthday girl present (I was so grateful for this).We had a few orders of roti canai to share around the table, and I really couldn't tell you how many different dishes ended up being passed around, but we had people will all different kinds of tastes meeting up.  My cousin, around my age, ordered Hainanese chicken and didn't like it, but he doesn't like room temperature chicken.  At least two people who joined the party had never been to Nyonya before but have returned on their own or plan to.  Something inside me gets all warm and fuzzy when I know I've exposed someone to a broader flavor horizon and better foods.This could make me an elitist.  I split some dry noodle dish and okra with shrimp paste with a friend, which to some tasted "fishy" (shrimp paste is NOT mildly shrimpy), but for what it is, is a delight.  Our servers kept everything straight, prompt, and piping hot...okay, except for the Hainanese chicken and other things that are meant to be served cold...so I hope we tipped nicely.  Dear friends, thank you for covering dinner!
My favorite Malaysian place in town! Delicious noodles and soups. They're roti is the best. Remember to bring cash as they don't take cards.
First off, it is CASH ONLY. The sign on the door displays it pretty well but some people may miss that and freak out when they only have a card.Now I know this place has four stars and it seems to be a great place to eat but for me, I was not impressed at all. This is an Asian fusion place and there was barely anything on the menu that would be good for a vegetarian. How? When I asked the waiter about vegetarian options he didn't give me very much to work with.We started off with the Satay Tofu, big cut out chunks of tofu with bean sprouts, lettuce, topped with peanut sauce (we opted out of the shrimp paste).. it was decent, nothing spectacular but pretty good. I ordered the Malaysian Buddhist as my meal, how does it not come with rice? $1.50 for a tiny bowl of rice is pretty crappy. He ordered a Curry Mixed Vegetable Bowl. My meal wasn't that big for the price of it plus the rice, it didn't taste that great either, just wasn't a 4 star meal. His meal was obnoxiously spicy and hot so it was just uncomfortable to eat. Overall, I would never go here again or recommend it to any vegetarian because I can't even be 100% sure that my meal was vegetarian (it may have been made with some fish sauce). They were not that helpful in choosing something vegetarian- it's like they've never heard of it before. Our meat eater friends enjoyed their meals but I can't speak for their meals. My opinion is to choose somewhere else.
Another great meal at Nyonya. Must try their chicken wings. Cash only!
The place was a little loud and crowded, but the food was good.We had chicken, which was very tender and delicious and juicy (although a little greasy). A lot of meat but the two of us managed to finish everything. Yummy. But eat it fast because as it got cold the fat will become jelly-ish in between the skin and the  meat.Bak-kut-teh: disappointed. I had really good bak-kut-teh in singapore and malaysia so I knew what a good bak kut teh soup tastes like. The soup was alright as it had the herbal flavor, but the meat inside the soup was real disappointment. In a good bak kut teh, the meat is supposed to have enough flavor and tenderness that I can just eat it with rice for the meal. But not in this case, the meat was tasteless and hard. not recommend.Chicken-oil rice: greasy but delicious. The Indian pancake(?) was excellent. It came with curry and very the pancake(?) was chewy.
It's been nearly 2hrs since we placed our order  we haven't seen our delivery yet.  Tried calling  they said they are very busy  asked for our address again.  Can't comment on the food but definitely would not order from here again.
Food was very good.  Indian bread is always great.  3.5 stars.  Prices varies to reasonable to pricey.  Clay pot noodle soup was surprisingly good and under $8.  Men's bathroom was nasty though.  Service was ok. Cash only.
When my friend told me we where going to eat at Nyonya I was super excited with all the good reviews they had on yelp I expected them to be amazing. Well my friend, I was wrong! First of when you get seated to you don't receive a  waiter they kinda let you look at the menu, until you call somebody over which was ok despite the fact my friends and I had 5 different waiters. So when it came time to tip that would be another issue.Secondly the service is ok I mean if you trying this food for the first time and you have questions about the food some of the waiters I had where so rude they didn't really want to answer questions. Lastly it was tip time when we received out bill I asked our waiter at that point if he could separate the bill he said he could not because it was already in the system which got me kinda upset. (My grandparents own a restaurant and they use the same system) besides that these people practicality hound you down for a tip. One of the waiters yelled out to me and asked me across the whole restaurant if I know that my bill was $*** and tip was not included I felt embarrassed because she made it seem like I wasn't able to pay my bill after that I wasn't going to tip but they kept sending people over to ask me for a tip! I was so mad so we left $2 then as we where getting up to leave they sent a waiter over to tell us basically to tip more! Overall the food is way to oily the service was the worst and I could not believe how rude they where just thinking about it gets me mad
The place was really good. The staff was very friendly and attentive and the food came out fast and hot.The food is good. If I had never lived in Singapore, I would call the food great. Roti Canai is a must. Like others say, get your own!Hokkien Mee is not like hokkien mee in Asia but it's very good. Add the red sauce that comes on the side to the dish.Mee Goreng left much to be desired. Kind heavy on soy sauce and at the same time a little bland. I would go back.
It is really more towards three and a half stars.  I ordered all the most popular dishes..Roti Canai:  too chewy and tortilla tasting for my likingSatay: I got a mixture of beef and chicken.  Beef was too tough.. chicken was tender but the peanut satay sauce that came with it was not savory enoughHainanese Chicken: This dish is close to 5 stars.  The chicken was really tender and very flavorful.  The broth that came with it was delicious as well.Chicken Wings: flavorful, but dry.Spare ribs: Too greasyFor most of the dishes.. I can say without a doubt I've had better elsewhere.. but I really do need to give this restaurant props for their hainan chicken.  Come here for that but don't expect too much from anything else!
The food is amazing. One of my favorite Malaysian restaurant in Manhattan. The portion isn't too much, but the flavor is there. I love the Indian pancake and the curry sauce that you dip with it goes so well together. (****)Everything is good on the menu. You can probably close your eyes and point with you finger when you order. I usually get their Singapore Rice Noodles and this dish with the Fried Taro nest. Each dish have it's own unique flavor and taste. Trust me, you won't be disappointed. (****)Place is super packed (which means this place is good) Service is quick. I was fascinated by how skilled the waiters are. He was able to clear my table in one shot and I had serving of 7 people, so you can only imagine how many plates I had. Seems like he was playing Tetris or something. (****)
Their Beef Rendang is so good. Not a huge fan of their Hainanese chicken rice, but then I've been told by those in the know that its not really authentic (go to Elmhurst for the real thing). Can't wait to go back. I know I'll be torn between ordering the other dishes my fellow Yelp reviewers are raving about, or just ordering the Beef Rendang again. Ah, decisions, decisions.
Always love the prawn mee here. Some of the dishes can be too oily but overall very good
I was pretty excited to try this place as it came recommended very highly from an friend of mine who is a huge foodie, and really knows his Asian food.  I don't know if I should have tried different dishes, but I wasn't blown away by this place.  It was good, but not amazing.I'll agree with many of the other reviewers that the Roti Canai is great. I could go and eat nothing but that, and be happy. I tried that, the Hokkien Mee (and one other dish that was pretty mediocre).  The Hokkien Mee was good, but far different than what I was expecting.  It wasn't bad, but it should have a different name because it's nothing like what's served in Asia.  Their version is a bit too Americanized, and at first I was extremely disappointed, but they serve the dish with a spicy sauce on the side.  Once that sauce was added to the dish, it took it to a new level... it's a MUST add.  Still not a dish that blew me away, but it was pretty good.
Bustling place, had to wait 15-20 mins to be seated. Ordered Roti Canai appetizer, Hainanese Chicken, Chicken in Coconut Curry, Egg Curd Vegetables, Mee Siam Noodles and Coconut Rice. We received the Curry Chicken (Chicken hacked into bits, so one has to watch out for bone fragments) first- no rice, veg, noodles.  So hungry we started- it was delicious  spicy. Then noodles came, then rice... veg dish, finally our Appetizer! Then the Hainanese Chicken. Noodles  App were good, vegs were bland and overcooked. But, the Hainanese Chicken was AWFUL. Must be an acquired taste?!?? It looked like neatly hacked/sliced boiled chicken, ice cold, there was jell under thick rubbery skin. The chicken was bland despite the dipping sauce that was sweet  not spicy or flavourful. It was difficult for me to eat as it grossed me out. Cost for 4 was $77; so, not that 'cheap'  they complained about the 15%tip!
1st experience w/ Malaysian food  Nyonya definitely set the standard!!i'd say malaysian is like a fusion of chinese  thai food, even their menu offers blatant chinese  thai options so I singled out the malaysian dishes!----roti canai: like a PAPERTHIN indian naan w/ yummy dipping sauce----BEEF RENDANG: stewed beef w/ the tendon! Mmm MELT IN YOUR MOUTH meat in its own gravy----chow kueh teow: malaysian noodles w/ a spicy kick  JAM PACKED with flavor----nasi lemak: the curry chicken was flavorful  i liked the crispy fried anchovies, comes w/ a HUGE mound of rice.. but i wish the rice  ingredients were wrapped together so the flavors would infuse----free tea for the table!!service is QUICK  for such a well known restaurant the prices for the noodle dishes are pretty cheap! meats a little more expensive but that's expected!!CASH ONLY, they won't let you forget it, signs posted everywhere!
This place is absolutely great!  I love the food here.  Every time I go, I'm never disappointed.  There prices are very reasonable.  I recommend this spot with two thumbs up.  You won't be disappointed.  The only bad thing about this place is that they don't take cash, so make sure you have cash on hand when you go.  Food recommendations:India roti is yummyyyyyy!!!!!Seafood chow fun / beef chow fun, pure deliciousness!Beef casserole / seafood casserole, to die for!
A plus for amazing Malaysian food. I'm not Malaysian so I can't speak for the authenticity but I can say that I've never had a terrible meal here. (I've even heard from Malaysian people that the restaurant has pretty authentic food). One complaint is that this is a cash only place. I rarely carry cash so it gets annoying to bring cash but the food makes up for it. There's an ATM around the corner if you order and then realize that you don't have the dinero on you.
Very reasonable prices and delicious food! No complaints here!As most reviewers have said, roti canai for appetizer was very delicious - especially the coconut infused chicken curry sauce! As we came with many people to share, I got to try many dishes. Few dishes that shined were: crispy golden fried squid, chicken baked in clay pot, and the beef rendang. The Hainanese chicken dish (although very popular) did not sit well with me....the texture was good, seasoning was decent, but definitely did not appreciate having to eat it cold.... Very friendly staff. Definitely would come back!
We had our first bak kut teh when we visited Malaysia 25 years ago.  We went to an outdoor restaurant in the morning and had this wonderfully aromatic, full bodied, flavorful soup.  We fell in love with it.  We have been searching for another bak kut teh that was as good as that soup, but we have not been able to find it.We had Bak kut teh in Nyonya Restaurant today and I was happy to find it.  The broth was rich and full bodied.  There was lots of Chinese herbs in the soup, although I did not find as much dong gui (當龜) as I like.  This dong guy is the iconic ingredient of bak kut teh, and gives it a cooling, licorice flavor.mayoclinic.org/drugs-sup…But I liked the soup well enough to rate it 4*.  I would have rated it higher if the meat were better.  I found four different kinds of pork in the soup: rib, pig's feet, chunk of pork with fat and skin, and tripe.  The bak kut teh I remember only had ribs.  And the meat in today's soup was flavorless.  My wife said it's because the restaurant cooked the meat to death and cooked out all the flavor from the meat.  But I thought if they did that, the meat would have absorbed the herbal flavor of the broth, which it did not.  So I think the restaurant boiled the meat separately and added them to the broth in the last minute.  Anyway, I just sipped the broth and enjoyed its full flavor, and left the meat uneaten.
It's a great Malaysian restaurant.  I always order the curry crispy pancake to start--always good. The first time I came here, my friend had order for me. Everything was good except for the taro plate desserts,  just not my kind of dessert. The cold chicken and fried rice plate was good. Second time, the special Malaysian noodle plate was okay. There was a Malaysian restaurant near the police station that was mediocre, but they closed down. Nyonya is good, try the food. Malayasian food is a influence by Chinese, Thai, Indonesian, and other cuisines.For such a popular place, it's cash only place.
If you are hankering for quick, basic, convenient Malaysian I'd try out Nyonya. Great for family or group get togethers on weekends. Wait wasn't too long and once the food is ordered it came out quickly.For a asian chinatown/little italy establishment, the wait staff was surprisingly friendly under the crowded busy atmosphere.You can't go wrong with the Naan, any of the currys, malaysian fried rice, or the clay pot pearl noodles. Top it off with Malaysian iced coffee to refresh and energize yourself on a hot day.
I was at Malaysia for 6 years so I have to say the food here is good. Service? U will have Chinatown service, that is all I have to say. What I hate the most is that I got food poisoning right after the meal. I had curry beef and that was the fist time ever in my life got food poisoning .... It sure doesn't feel good ....
(2012)  Fantastic. The sauce for the Roti Canai was wonderful, although the "pancake" was maybe too crispy to roll and dip into the sauce. The Rendang was extremely flavorful, without being unnecessarily hot. It is a great location (Chinatown? Nolita?) that is inviting both those open to ethnic eateries but also those wary of anything too "authentic".
Ordered delivery from this place. Spot on Malaysian food.  Got the hainanese chicken and rice, roti canai, wonton mee, oyster omelete.  I would get everything again except the wonton mee.  It was basically a bad version of cantonese wonton noodle soup.  The chicken broth rice and sauces were perfect with the chicken.  The hot sauce is pretty much what I remember from Singapore.  Considering the food doesn't taste as good when it's delivered,  I can't wait to eat the food at the restaurant next time.
This is my favorite Malaysian restaurant. Nearly everything is delicious. I highly urge you to order the Spareribs Malaysian style (deep fried, crispy, with a hint of peanut), Indian Mee Goreng (noodles), Prawn Mee (soup noodles), and Fried tofu with beansprout appetizer, and classics like Hainanese Chicken and Roti Canai also solid. Oh, and did you know that they have Young Coconut 365 days a year? So drink up.Even mix of Chinatown tourists and locals. They have lots of tables, but also lots of business, so prepare for a short-to-moderate wait in the evenings. But don't leave right away, it's worth it!
Great food and great for groups! Affordable, cash only. The juices are great too and I loved that they bring out a fresh coconut for coconut water orders. Highly recommend this restaurant. Our waitress was willing to give suggestions and opinions.
Perhaps they recently changed their chef but food tasted bland and non authentic. We ordered 5 things and not one of these dishes tasted well. Very disappointed and will never come back again!
NYC doesn't have many Malay restaurants and all of my Malay friends seem to like this spot and would recommend this to others. They do chicken well here so if you have to pick something off the menu, go for the chicken.
Overrated by a mile and going downhill. Crispy squid was super fishy. Beef satay like leather. Arrogant "Cash Only" policy.It's 2014. ALL "Cash Only" places should be boycotted and audited by the IRS.
Vegetarians worst nightmare - what can I say? Had a conversation w the host, who graciously walked us through the menu to show us the vegetarian options... Ordered a few dishes w/ our server who completely understood everything we ordered was to be "veg"... First dish out. Roti Canai.. Dipped the roti in the curry, took a bite, then noticed 2 chunks of chicken in the curry. As a strict vegetarian for 10+ years, this is a horrific experienceAnyways, we got up and walked out.
Line had about 40 people infront of us...but it moved and we were seated within 15 mins. The food was pretty cheap, had fast service, and the menu was big. We got the #5 veggies which came out in a huge portion. The beef curry soup :) Which we got with mixed noodles and was very good and flavorful. Chicken satay which i was impressed the chicken was not dry as I normally expect it. The sauce also was not as sweet as other places and probably better due to that. I also got the fried taro with veggies chicke and shrimp which I thought was an amazing dishes. Basically the veggies came out in a bowl of fried taro and normally Im not even a taro fan. Def would come back
Very good Malaysian. Lots of tables. great for big groups.Recommended: oyster omelet, roti canai
I walked in based on the Michelin guide recommendation plastered over the windows. I ordered based on fellow yelp highlights and got the beef rendang and prawn mee.The service: pretty rude. My bf and I were a bit taken aback when we ordered the prawn mee and was asked "It's spicy, it's fishy u really want?" along with a nasty tone. Then when I asked if the rice comes with the beef rendang, the waiter without skipping a beat said "last page" while looking completely not interested. When I flipped to the last page, there was no mention of rice and then she replied "last 2 pages." So then, I flip to the second to last page and of course I see the rice section with several choices of rice. I looked at her quizzically and asked again if the rice comes with the beef rendang or if I have to order separately. She looked at me finally as though I was retarded and said "it's there." Of course, at that point, I realize the rice is not included which is why she has me staring at the rice menu... She then finally explained that the beef curry with rice has rice but the beef rendang does not have rice. However the beef rendang and beef curry are the same thing so of course I went for the one with rice. The food: Beef rendang was pretty good, but it had nothing besides chunks of saucy beef. The prawn mee was not as appetizing. It was fishy and spicy, just like the description the waitress gave. But even more than fishy and spicy, it was shrimpy and sweet. I did not enjoy the prawn mee as much as I should have given all the positive reviews of it on yelp. As we were leaving, I did notice many tables with the hainanese chicken and realized that I probably should have ordered that instead. In any case, the food was only 3.5stars and the terrible service brought it down another 1.5 stars.
Had beef chow fun.  Very good, large portion and reasonably priced.
Went there a couple times and really enjoyed their dishes. I don't know what authentic malaysian food tastes like, but it is one of the best malaysian restaurants that I've been to in the US. Service is alright. I'd definitely visit there again when I'm in the area.
Hands down best malaysian food in NYC.  Place is legit, reasonably priced and super tasty.  Def get the Hawainese chicken  the pork broth soup.Every dish came out perfect.  Service was solid.  Nice clean venue, lots of room in back.Only problem is CASH ONLY. !  Usually pretty packed during peak hours so be ready to wait.
Modern decor. Attentive service. Delicious array of food- Malay cuisine! Will recommend to friends. Not so loud environment. Clean bathrooms reflect attention to maintaining the integrity of the restaurant; I respect this. Pleased.
Oh my this place is heaven. My ultimate favorite is the beef rendang. The Rotti is awesome I can't have enough of it. Their house crab another good one. Their house special fried rice with pineapple is just way too good!  Almost all their dishes are excellent.  They are extremely very busy during the weekend.  Be prepared to wait for a good 30 minutes during lunch and dinner time -- but I guarantee you -- it's well worth the wait. Try their house beer it is worth writing home about.
Pretty authentic Malaysian food.  I can never remember the name of this place, but I can remember the food.  The portions looked small but it was very filling for our party of 4.  Great comfort meal.  Roti canai-  I can have roti canai all day, erry dayChow Kueh Teow- noodles were standard Beef rending- tender beef!Mango chicken- more mango than chicken.  bummer.Nothing was too spicy.  Service was kinda slow and a little rude.  I usually like Mee Goreng for noodles, so I'm curious how they were here.
My husband and I ordered a Sarang Burong ( fried taro stuffed with shrimp, chicken, corn, snow peas and black mushroom topped with cashew nuts), spinach, roti with curry. Everything was delicious. Except when we were half way through the sarang burong, my husband pulled out a piece of saran wrap. This didn't bother me as much as when we next  found a strand of hair embedded in the taro. We told the waiter who had served us. He apologized. We then asked for our check. They charged us full price for everything. We called the waitress over and explained to her what happened. She went back spoke to the waiter that had served us. She came back with the taro on the house and apologized, stating she didn't know this happened. Um, ok. All the waiters/waitresses were standing and conversing in the cash register area. The food was good. But after that experience. We will go to another branch of Nyonya. Who knows what else is embedded in the food?
At first, this place was always my go-to/reliable Malaysian cuisine site.  And the place to bring my non New Yorker visitors. Especially if you want to depart from your regular chinese cuisine within the skirts of Chinatown.  Now it's gotten to the point where I have to think twice.This place leaves me with disappointments now.  A couple of months back I ordered a basic shrimp pad thai and they tried to pass off a charcoaled bitter version of it as edible. Don't know if they hired new chefs or if the place is under new management.Again I recently visited this place to give it another chance because I didn't want to give up a Malaysian site find with affordable prices.  I ordered the same dish for takeout on a regular weekday with a calm customer load and expected a good 10-15 minutes service.  Didn't get my order until 40 minutes later.  -_-;;;Honestly if I had to work in the area and only got an hour lunch opportunity, this place would not fall on top of my list.  Anytime before 2008, the food was enough to leave a memorable mark.  Now and since it's relocation across Grand St. it just brings me to a disdain state.2/5 rating only goes to its ability to retain its low prices and nothing else.  Food is the core of all restaurants and they need to bring it back up to its peak.
Bustling, cheap, great place to eat.The reason I like it is because theres a huge variety of things to eat.  I otherwise did not have much exposure o Malaysian cuisine.great place to come casually.
I ordered take-out from here and tried the roti and Chow Kueh Teow. The prices are all very reasonable. I loved the roti, the bread was soft yet crispy and the curry sauce it came with had tons of flavor. The noodles were good but nothing out of this world. A decent place to grab some quick Malaysian food. The person who took the order was not the most friendly though.
Nyonya is categorized as "Asian fusion", but after a visit this week, I found "Asian confusion" a much better label.The sign claims it's a Malaysian restaurant. That's fine, and there are a lot of Malaysian dishes on the menu. But then you notice "Thai iced tea" among the drinks..."Beef with American broccoli"...the first signs of Asian confusion.I became alert to Asian confusion living in DC. Having grown up in California, I was thoroughly weirded out when I'd visit a "sushi joint" and see everything from Kung Pao chicken to Pad Thai on the menu. Not surprisingly, almost all of it was bad. If you don't know what kind of food you're making -- and you think "Asian" is a kind of food -- why would you be any good at it?You don't have to be a "foodie" to get that. I'm not.Back to Nyonya, where my antennae are pointing up. We order homemade roti and spring rolls for the appetizer; pineapple fried rice, garlic chicken, and sizzling beef platter for entrees.The appetizers are tasty and different - possibly authentic to Malaysia and possibly not. Then the entrees come out and I realize we've been given Chinese food. All three dishes could just as easily have been served at a better-than-average Chinese take-out joint. ASIAN. CONFUSION.It's nice inside Nyonya, and the folks are friendly. However, I wouldn't patronize it for anything other than low-risk take-out. New York is too big, and life too short. You deserve better than food that caters to the parochial palate of Middle America.
The staff here are very nice. One lady started a small talk before she took our orders . Another waiter passing by told me not to put my cell phone on the menu lest both fall from the table. The other staff smiled too, making the atmosphere very pleasant.If you're not familiar with Malaysian or Asian cuisine, they have a separate menu with pictures of some dishes, so do ask the waiters for it. We went there at around 6 pm on a Saturday expecting there to be a wait, but we got a table for three right away. And we sat and talked at our table for a long time after paying, there was no pressure for us to leave, nobody else was waiting. So if you go there with your close friends like I did, take your time! Don't expect the place to be quiet, but don't worry it's not too loud either.We ordered several dishes:- Roti Canai: the classic, "malaysian all time favorite" pancake served with curry chicken sauce.  Pancake is not special in my opinion, but the curry sauce is the best. It has a buzz in it that makes you stop and think "oh this curry is good." I could see the color of the curry is a bit red, so something spicy probably is added, distinguishing the flavor here from the sweeter Thai curry.- Fried baby oyster: wrapped in omelette. Honestly, I did not taste much other than a bit of bitterness. Omelette part is good. Not sure if you're supposed to taste other tastes in fried oyster, but this dish is "mono-taste" (bitter) and I won't order it again.- Steamed fish in Nyonya house special sauce: The fish is bland in taste, but the sauce saved the day. The tamarind-like sour taste blended well into the mushrooms, tomatoes and other vegetables also steamed with the fish. Put some sauce on the rice, some mushrooms, tomatoes and pieces of fish, and every bite will momentarily stop the clock. The way it is sour is very special! The fish we had was Striped bass (out of a few options, red snapper, tilapia, I think). It's bland so I would not try this dish again, at least not Striped Bass.- Kang Kung Belacan (my friends and I think it's a bit like Vietnamese "rau muong" even though skinnier.) - You gotta try this dish. You'll be so curious to find out what sauce gave you that special flavor never tasted anywhere else. The sauce is made of shrimp paste, a popular sauce for stir-fry in Southeast Asia. You'll be surprised veggie could be that tasty. And you'll remember the taste.- Curry Mee and Young Tau Foo: curry tastes like the Roti Canai - it gets spicier and spicier the more you have it. If you like curry, you might like it. Other than that, egg noodle, to fu and minced fish are not very special. I would not order it again, but that's just me.Even though I would not order some of these dishes, I would go back here and try other things. The previous time we went there, I had very good dishes. My point is that going in here, your tastebud will surprise you. So be brave and pick something you don't know!-
Came here for dinner at around 7pm and there was no wait. We were seated near the exit but it wasn't much of a problem until the place started to fill up. The service was excellent. Everything arrived within a few minutes, and when I wanted to order more, they were right there for us. We ordered the Nasi Lemak (coconut flavored rice with curry chicken) and Satay Tofu. I had the Lychee drink, she had the Soy Bean with Grass Jelly, and we shared the fried Green Tea ice cream. Everything was delicious.The only negative was when the waiter gave us the check while we were in the middle of dessert. There were people waiting but at least give us some time to enjoy the ice cream...the bathroom was also very dirty and they were still renovating one of the other ones.I would rate the food 5 stars and the service 3 stars. I'd definitely come back another time...maybe for lunch when it is less busy. I'd love to try some of the other things on the menu.
Roti Canai - Great taste, just wish their was more roti to actually dip into the curry. Curry was very good. Could eat that over a big bowl of rice. One piece of chicken in it and one piece of potato only though :(Beef Rendaang - Super tender beef. Great curry flavor that was different from the roti canai. Great over the coconut rice.Watercress - Very similar to my mom's watercress veggies! Though a little less flavorful than mama's hahaBraised Duck with Lotus Seed - Fall off the bone duck with a great, sweet sauce on it. The Lotus Seeds were just chestnuts? Also good though! Coconut Rice - Wish it was a little bit more coconut-y taste. Just tasted like regular rice with the different sauces and curries on it.Asam Laksa - Tasty, thick noodles. Sour soup, but not too sour. It would be awesome if they had the curry Laksa on the menu as well since they serve so many curry flavored foods there.A good mix of Chinese, Malaysian, Indian, Thai food here. I would come back if I was craving a good mix of those and eating family style. Everything was reasonably priced too.
This place is packed to the brim! Really good eats that comes out fast. Staff is not the friendliest but hey, no biggie. Had the Roti, Hainan chicken, Ong-choy, Pig intestines and a few other items that I can't remember the name of. All were incredibly tasty.
I like this place and those food I ordered. They are very nice... But the guy name call "Fei" he is VERY UNPLEASANT and RUDE because when he put the food on the table was like "boom!!!" on the table very strong this is super very very RUDE!!! And when I finished my food and one lady call "Samantha" clean the table. She is very UNPLEASANT TOO because when she collect all the dishes, and one chopsticks fall on my pants...  They have to improve their service!!! And don't shows their mad face...!!!!!
Do not order from this place, the prices are decent for a place down in Chinatown, I'm just saying with the money to spend here u could eat at a much better place right up the block. The food takes forever literally, called in pick up 15 mins ahead of time got their and still had to wait for an additional 30 mins. All I ordered are half a chicken with some rice on the side and a curry bread.. The staff are very rude, it was freezing out and I asked for a cup of tea while I waited for my food an he said no it's only for dine in. Fu*k this place, spend your money else where.
For some reason I enjoyed the Nyonya branch in Brooklyn more. Probably because it wasn't so busy when I went to the one in Brooklyn. I went to Nyonya on Grand St NY on a weekday night and it was busy! The waitress were still attentive and food was pretty good. Born and raised in Malaysia, I can be critical about judging Malaysian food, but this was good enough. The bean sprouts were fresh, could be crispier. The sarang burung was really good, on point! Kudos!
My favorite malaysian food. The taste is just right! Oh mannnnn i want me some prawn mee and haiyannese chicken and the roti canai. Service was ok. Its a big restaurant, good for group, always crowded, and NOT EXPENSIVE AT ALL. I literally brought everyone i know to this place for malaysian food LOL.
I crave the Roti Canai and the Haianese Chicken over Rice here. The chicken is really tender and delicious and the prices are super cheap! (As a side note, I ate an entire 1/2 chicken by myself today in under 10 minutes while my room mate watched in sheer amazement / disgust. Whoops. I was hungry?)
This place is always crowded around dinner time, even on a wednesday evening, so go after 8pm if you don't want to be on the wait list. The food here is yummy though! My friends and I shared roti canai ($3.75 per order), rendang beef (~$9), hainanese chicken ($10 for 1/2 chicken), and seafood pearl noodles (~$8). Everything was delicious. The hainanese chicken was my personal favorite, but it was served kinda cold (I guess it's supposed to be?). My friends liked the rendang beef, it's sorta indian curry/masala flavor. The pearl noodles were chewy, but not so flavorful. It was totally lacking in the seafood department with 3 shrimps (tasted like boiled shrimp) and a few small squid pieces. Overall, it's good and affordable malaysian food if you're craving some! Service is sort of lacking, but it's expected since it's fast pace and crowded.
I have been here several times in the past and it is about time I wrote a review following my latest visit!I was part of a group of 12 people who went to Nyonya for dinner last night - yes, I said TWELVE people! We had  called them in advance and as a result, were seated almost immediately upon arrival - maybe we got lucky because it was a Monday night. Our waiter was our old friend Santo, who has waited on us several times int he past.We all ordered an assortment of Roti Canai and Pratas for the table and everyone absolutely loved them, as was expected. For our main course, we ordered about 7 different dishes, along with the seafood fried rice, coconut rice, a spicy noodle dish and chicken broth rice.The Curry Ayam (chicken curry) dish is really tasty. My only grip is that it comes with the skin on, which I am not a fan of. The shrmp curry, duck curry and noodles were excellent! When you come here. you HAVE to try the chicken broth rice which is really really tasty and goes very well with the chicken curry.Overall, this is a great restaurant. It is a no-frills place, but serves delicious food. I only wish they accepted credit cards!
Affordable, tasty sit-down dinner spot with Little Italy right around the corner for some great desserts!! :)So my friend and I came here last night for dinner--we each got an order of the Roti appetizer (see photo) and we ordered two different soups: the Prawn Mee (see photo) and... Soup #2 (forgot the name lol). The roti was delicious!  It was served hot, with some parts soft and a little chewy and others crunchy--I actually preferred this to having one or the other. And I seriously could have drank the rest of the sauce, it was so good (probably my favorite flavor that I associate with Indian food). The soups were okay too, although I didn't recognize the tastes as much--maybe they were more uniquely Malaysian.  The broth for the prawn mee soup was DEFINITELY PRAWN-Y, but so much so that the consistency was a little chalky... this is the same reason that I'm not a huge fan of ramen (chalky broth). The shrimp in the soup was good, and the noodles were cooked perfectly, but the pork was overcooked/dry/too chewy. I actually liked my friend's soup better! The broth was a little bit tart, and there were slices of sweet mango in the soup (although no meat of any kind). If I end up here again, I will order the soup my friend got or try dishes from one of the other categories!
Best Malaysian Restaurant in town hands down!!!!lived in the city all my life and am big fan of Malaysian curry, i have tried literally almost every single malaysian restaurant in town. when i first starting going here i always order the curry chicken rice.later i realize if you order them separately, is a little pricey but you get your money more worth it. especially if you're a big eater like me.
Their flat rice noodle fried Cantonese style (wat tan hor) makes my stomach very happy, I get that every time. The green chillies they serve as an accompaniment are not as tangy as those in Malaysia but it suits me just fine. They were accommodating when we placed an off-menu order (deep fried tofu with Thai chilli sauce on the side).My only gripe is that the place is always so full (which is a good thing!) so orders are slower than average and service is a bit haphazard. If you're dining in, you'll have to raise your voice to be heard by your dinner companions. Beware if you're taking out - the servers won't let you know when your order is ready and unless you get up to check, it'll be sitting on the counter for some time.
They have the best hainan chicken rice in New York.
Good except roti Canai is a bit skimpy on the "tortilla". It's super thin and like eating rice paper. The tofu dishes were yummy, as well as the beef  and haiyanese chicken and rice. The fried shrimp was hard to get the shell off and difficult to eat. Very crowded atmosphere on a Friday evening. Service was good, except we were politely asked to leave after eating, so that they could seat new diners.  I guess we lingered too long.
This place is over rated.  If you think Chinese foods are too oily, well this place is the mother of oily foods!  Ever heard of " Heart attack Burger" in Vegas?  This is Heart attack Asian foods in Chinatown.If you wanna live longer, stay away!
Hmm... It's a tricky review because I have to determine how best to indicate what this place used to be like ten years ago, and what it has become.A while back it was a 5-star (as per Yelp guidelines) place. I usually went in the winter and it was cozy, comfortable, and boisterous, all at once. The food was stellar. The service was always a bit weird but the service is weird at restaurants generally these days.Anyway, now I consider this place a 2- or 3-star restaurant. As an example of this downgrade, consider this:- I used to always order the Java Mee, which is a noodle in soup dish with shrimp. It was spicy and delicious. I always got it. Since Nyonya remodeled, I actually don't even order this anymore. There's just something different about it, and while good, it's not something for which I'd go out of my way. Alas!Nyonya's still a good place for Malaysian food. There's nothing really wrong with it. Only, it has become... humdrum. I still like the food. The food is mildly spicy and hot. It's still a good place to have pork and shrimp noodle dishes, and others. But it's just not great. The magic is gone, the atmosphere lacks its old charm. We no longer dream of it from far away places.In total I've been to Nyonya maybe ten times. I don't think I'll be going anymore. Basically it's not as delicious, not as cozy and warm, and it seems to be more about rushing guests in and out rather than providing a comfortable, authentic place to eat Malaysian food. Where oh where shall I get my Malaysian fillings now?!
NYONA! Order the Roti, a buttery flat bread that comes with a curry sauce. I really love the Hayanese Chicken, room temperture chicken with a cilantro covered soy sauce. So cheap and good. My other favorite is the shrimp soup with egg noodles for it's deep seafood broth flavor. The soup tastes like blue crabs. I also love getting their watermelon juice, or coconut depending on how I feel. Great price!
The menu is massive! Went in with a group of 10 at 10:15pm on a Friday night. We were seated in 2 minutes at a big round table in the back. Service was fast. We ordered and had our appetizers ready within 10 minutes.Favorites from the night:RotiCurry VegetablesMango Chicken, if you are in a sweet moodBeef RendangThey only serve a limited selection of beer and wine. Wine is about $7-$8 a glass or $28 a bottle. However, you can bring in your own bottle for a $13 corkage fee, pretty decent fee that I've seen around the city.We ordered $180 worth of food which came up to $20 per person including tip. Not too shabby! Left feeling ridiculously full and happy. Oh and it is CASH ONLY!
I came here on a bustling Saturday night and it had a seemingly long wait, but after putting our names down, we were called after 10 mins. Our waiter quickly took our order and was attentive at first, but it felt like throughout the night we had 10 different waiters, had to do a little hounding for service, and didn't know who our waiter was anymore.Aside from service, the food was delicious with the exception of one dish. The good: Roti Canai, Hainanese Chicken with Rice and Assam Ikan Bilis. The bad: Nyonya Rojak (Their take on rojak had a very very fishy after taste to it). The very good: Kang Kung Belacan (A very good spice to it and had the right amount of kang kung crunch), Beef Rendang(Very soft meat with a good sauce consistency, though there were only 5 pieces of meat on the plate), and Fresh Coconut Pudding (It comes served in a whole coconut! The flavour was very subtle and tasted like authentic coconut instead of that fake coconut flavouring stuff).For all that food plus 4 more desserts I didn't mention we ordered, it came to $25 a person which was a surprise to us as to how cheap it came out to be. All of our stomachs were way past satisfied. I want to (and will) come back to try a bunch of their other dishes.
Best Malaysian food in town. Their desserts are amazing and the environment is cozy, with an eccentric but sophisticated atmosphere. The food is very authentic and delicious. I wish they delivered!
I really love their food. Every time I go to Chinatown, my friends and I always stop by this restaurant to eat. The last time I've eaten here, I made a mistake in my order but they changed it for me even though this lady lectured me that I should clarify earlier. It was my fault but I felt it wasn't necessary for her to say it in such a tone. I like the atmosphere, it was still early so it was quiet and calm.   What I Ordered: Asam Laksa, Roti Canai, Thai Iced Tea
Nyonya is became one of my favorite restaurant. Any time I bring someone there they are so surprised of the taste of the food. The old place of the restaurant across the street was looking really good, unfortunately the new location is a little bit ugly but the foot is remain the same. Love it and recommend to everyone!!!
4/10/2015 Friday night, I found chewing gum in the fried rice.
The Malaysian Budhist was the only vegetarian lunch special. For extra 50 cents I got it with brown rice. It was an okay meal. A little bland, nothing too special about it, I ordered some hot sauce and soy sauce to make it a bit more exciting.
Hainanese chicken rice- Very good, especially for the price. Not amazing but decent enough.Char kwetiao- Not very flavorful. Tasted like something you could make yourself at home.Kankung belacan- Really good! Most importantly, not too salty.Overall, it was a good experience. The food taste wise was a 7/10, but the price made up for it and the staff was friendly enough.
$54 for 7 people....for DINNER! And um, for really delicious food! We were all full at the end and deeply satisfied. This isn't a fancy spot but it's great savory Malaysian food and it will fill you easily without you needing to reach deep into your wallet. I've been to Nyonya many a time since I was a kid and it's still that good! This was my first time at this location and I thought it was cool that it's updated with a bit of a contemporary feel - very appropriate for NY right now, esp in that neighborhood.The roti with curry is a classic must have appetizer. The coconut rice is also one of my favorite staples. And last night I ordered my usual Seafood Scramble Egg Chow Fun. It's so good! Usually I can eat the entire dish myself but I actually already had dinner before coming so I only had half (split with my hubs). It hasn't failed me yet. I'll be back for more.*note: this isn't the place you go to for a fancy ambiance, service or super cool clean bathrooms. This is solely for amazing Asian food at an amazingly cheap price.
Really tasty. The food quite delightful, although a little oily. Definitely will pay it a visit again.
Raitng for service and cost.  As a loyal customer since 2003, I am sad to say Nyonya has forgotten its root customer base and has now gone commercial.  No longer is this an institution for great food and ambiance it has now become a cash cow for the owners of the restaurant. Rising costs are an inevitable part of life but a double whammy has occurred when portion size have also been cut.  The same Roti Canai ordered 4-5 years ago and easily shareable with others has seemingly become much smaller yet prices have not and in fact risen.   The roti is now paper thin and they have committed the ultimate sin by charging sales tax on a CASH ONLY.  Shame on you!
The food doesn't taste good, not what you will expect. The worst part is service is really bad, they kick you out after you are done eating and paid, so they could make more business. No respect to their customers. I will never go back and I do not recommend this place to anyone, who would want to go to a place that provide bad services??
Came here for a weekday lunch. Are they trying to save on electricity? The place was dark, they need to turn on the lights. The sunlight through the restaurant is not enough. We ordered the roti with curry. Can't go wrong there, every Malaysian restaurant I've been to, all tastes the same. We also got the beef rendang and shrimp with lady fingers which is just okra. Good flavors, spices were there. Enough to feed us 3.
One of my favorite 'CNG' (cheap n good) spots in the city.I haven't explored this menu much at all. I stay with my staple order because, I just can't get enough.My typical order consists of the Roti Canai (absolute must-have) and the Ginger Duck noodle soup. The broth is so flavorful and the bone-in nugget sized pieces of duck are really tasty.Opened till 11pm, this is the place for your late night ramen cravings. Although different, I put this place above BassaNova Ramen and PHO Bang, for noodle soup in the Chinatown and Little Italy area.
The place was under staffed.   We waited for our food for over an hour.  The food was good in the past but now it's becoming very plain.  I wouldn't return for a few months at minimum for them to make some improvements.
I guess this place was quite well-known as within two weeks I had a couple of friends say they wanted to try it, and I haven't heard of it until now.I liked the roti, and I loved the bak kut teh but I am biased because I love bak kut teh anyway. We also got the seafood noodle and another dish, which I guess wasn't that good because I can't even remember what it was. The noodle dish was just OK.
This place might have been good in the past but IMO it's gone down as of late. Many of the items here kind of look like the Chinese-version of Thai places in NYC these days. Nyonya don't slip up! Our waitress insistently warned me that the laksa would be 'stinky', and that they wouldn't change the dish for me if I didn't like it. Fair enough. If you've ever had real Thai or Malaysian food though, you should know that it's not really stinky at all but umami-PACKED with fish sauce Luckily, my penang laksa was DELISH. The soup should have been served hotter though, as it quickly became lukewarm. The roti canai was good too, as was my friend's yummy yummy clay pot noodles. The other rice-based dishes were just okay and looked like standard, Americanized Thai food. Keep aware that the laksa comes at a standard spice level. I hardly even registered as spicy when I received it so it was ok. Love the whole, young coconut dessert. So simple! Really good.
We waited for 15 min to be seated on Sunday evening around 8pm. It was jam packed still. Service is fast and all food are hot  steaming. Really can't complain about service as staff are nice and attentive. Awesome variety of Malaysian cuisine.  Can taste the freshness in their squid, okra, seaweed, and chicken. Delicious. Every dish has it's own unique taste and your taste buds will never get bored. We ordered seaweed seafood soup - flavorful  fresh. Beancurd with bitter melon and eggplants  in curry broth - rich  satisfying. stir fry squid - very tender and juicy. Hainan chicken - simple but the meat was so tender and juicy. Special sticky or chicken rice - goes well with everything we ordered. Okra with shrimp - young, tender and soft okra is to die for. Dessert menu is a must - try the fresh coconut pudding and you won't be disappointed! Remember to scoop out the "meat" of the coconut to accompany the pudding. CASH ONLY. Looking forward to returning and try other dishes.
I've been a local for a while and have tried a lot of the menu. Compared to other malaysian spots, I'd say their appetizers and noodle soups are above average. Everything else is pretty standard. Pricing is fair but has definitely gone up in recent years.
Everyone here raves about the Roti canai... I have to agree it's awesome.I also tried another appetizer: mixed satay.. Beef was OK, but I thought the chicken Satay was a little on the gooey/undercooked side (not to mention it tasted pretty bad with the peanut dip).  I would never order the satay here again; go for the awesome flavor of Roti Canai.  Also tried a curry chicken as a side dish.
Went here for a family lunch, and it was quite busy. We ordered the roti canai and a few lunch specials. I ordered the shrimp with lady fingers, l which was labeled as spicy, and a Thai iced tea. The ice tea was spot on, so flavorful, and perfectly strong and sweet. The chicken soup was also very flavorful. On the other hand, my plate had a few pieces of shrimp, and I feel for the size, six would have been appropriate since they were pretty small. The okra could've been cooked a little more. It was not very brown and slimy inside. It's cooked with shrimp paste which made it a little more on the salty side but lacked the spice.
I like this malaysian restaurant. It reminded me what i took in Asia. It was tasty ans really cheap for each plate!You can go there if you want to try a good malaysian restaurant :)!
There is probably no other restaurant I've been to more than Nyonya. I've been going to this place since their old location (about 9-10 years ago). For me, this is the closest thing I can get to food I used to get back in Singapore, though it's still not quite the same.The service may seem bad, but this is just how they are. It's nice to go somewhere in New York where I actually see the same staff since years and years ago, My meals always don't last longer than an hour here- the food comes out really fast.As I said, the food is not as good as it is in Singapore but here are the dishes I'd recommend:Roti canaiOyster omeletFish head curryKang kong belachanPrawn mee (really good!)Chicken rice (it's decent)If you're looking for katong laksa, you'll be disappointed cause the laksa here is Penang laksa. The char kway teow is not the char kway teow you get in Singapore but I still order it sometimes. The Hokkien Mee is dark- not the stuff you'd get in Singapore either.I've brought many friends here and it's the kind of place that's best enjoyed with a big group so you can eat family style.
I was craving some Hainanese chicken rice, and although I had pretty low expectations for Nyonya, I was actually surprised very pleasantly! The grains of rice was tasty enough to be eaten on its own, and the chicken was tender and the soy sauce broth was so good. The chili was also commendable: spicy with a touch of lime juice for tartness. The portion was very generous, and you won't go home hungry!
Mmm. Yum. I went to Nyonya last night with a couple of friends. The food was pretty good and not bad price-wise. We ordered the Roti Canai, Hainanese Chicken, Beef Rendang, Shortribs Malaysian Style, Chicken Broth Rice, Coconut Rice, some noodle dish, and chinese watercress.The roti canai was yummy but it disappeared so quickly :( The curry sauce is great and I dipped a bunch of other stuff in it, as well as putting it over my rice. The hainanese chicken was okay but bland, and not as good as I was expecting; a lot of people here seem to like it but I think it is overrated. Shortribs were good, but hard to eat. They also had a vague chocolatey taste that was okay, but might put some people off. Chicken broth rice was good; coconut rice was better! Definitely get the coconut rice. The noodles were good, kind of like a mix between pad thai and chow fun, but I didn't catch the name. Finally, the chinese watercress was actually so delicious. Really flavorful and went great with the rice. We also got the bubur cha cha for dessert, it was really good!I left very satisfied and definitely will be coming again :) I also would like to try the chow fun and the honeydew juice.Tl;dr: get the roti canai, beef rendang, coconut rice, chinese watercress, and bubur cha cha. Hainanese chicken is overrated imo. Cash-only so bring that green.
Great spot. Our fist time. Food is perfectly made and fresh. I look fwd to visiting again and trying new dishes.
I am a Malaysian, and was missing Malaysian food. Business trip took me to NYC, so I took the opportunity to seek this place out! I had great expectations and this meal did not disappoint!Had a late dinner, so just had appetizers and noodles (and dessert...). The sotong-kangkong (squid and watercress veggies with satay sauce) was fantastic. Hit the right spot!The fukien-mien (hokkien mee) was delicious too! Very authentic flavors.And my favorite dessert, bubur chacha was fantastic! The taro (yam) and sweet potatoes were just right, good texture but still melt in the mouth, in the sweet santan soup.Location-wise, in the vicinity of Chinatown area but really in the streets of Little Italy, so a little odd placed. Decor is nice, but not typical of a Malaysian restaurant (not a lot of representative decor), other than the servers wear a small batik sarong around their waists. Zagat-rated for the past few years. Oh, and cash-only!!
3.5 stars for the things we orderws, pho piah, fried pork tribe, pineapple fried rice, pork ribs soup and sauteed watercress. fried rice and watercress were pretty good because they are ordered to made, while the others are more like welll prepared then order to reheat... I would really appreciate fresh rolled pancake because my hus doesnt eat egg(they cannot do a new one wo eggs) and steam heat kind of ruined the bottom layer of the cake...
There was a huge line Saturday night, and most of them were Asian.  So I took it as a good sign - if Asians flock to an Asian restaurant it usually means that the Asian restaurant is legit.My friends ordered for us since I have no idea what to eat for Malay food.  Food did not disappoint.  My favorite dish was the "Meat bone tea" soup (rou gu cha) - it's this extremely dark soup with huge mushrooms and chunks of pork in it, along with goji berries in it.  I am a big fan of goji and the soup was absolutely delicious.  Unfortunately they had more meat than soup... I would gladly just take a huge stone pot of soup!!We also got the tie ban tofu dish!  Yum yum.  Tofu was really squishy and the sauce was absolutely delicious.  This was the first place I knew that had chicken oil rice in addition to plain white rice - the bowl of rice is slightly yellow because of the oil.  It was definitely a nice change from plain boring white rice.Cash only, but whatever, this place is pretty cheap, especially for dinner - $10 an entree but these entrees are meant to be shared, so yea, grab some friends and family and come down for good Malay food.
I dont know why it is so popular this place. All my friends love it. When we went no one was friendly and the shrimp did not taste fresh. Not what I expected. And no credit cards !
Great, authentic food. Wait is sometimes long, but worth it. Best Roti Canai
I have definitely had better Malaysian food. The pineapple rice and the noodle chicken dish was okay at best and the roti wasn't very good. The coconut juice was really yummy though. I wouldn't recommend this place.
Review for Cantonese noodles, Pineapple fried rice and Roti CanaiRoti Canai is crisp on the outside and chewy with each bite kind of bread you dip in curry, with chicken and potato. A little soggy, but still, majority of the roti was crispy. Not the best Roti Canai I ever had, but it was good.Their Cantonese noodles are flat noodles in a gravy like sauce. Absolutely delicious sauce. I asked for rice and put the sauce on the rice. Mmm.. delicious. The chewy noodles... The sauce enticing your taste buds for more.Pineapple fried rice is self explanatory. Pineapple and chicken and vegetables. Pretty good and good portion.They are a cash only place. However, the dishes I ordered above were average about 6/7 bucks, so not bad for the quality and portion.
My friend decides to drag me here rather than going back to my La Esquina on Saturday so I test his taste but I should have known that his taste is so Canto. Just okay. I wasn't very impressed. I had at least some expectations from seeing some ZAGAT signs. For the most part, I felt the food was a hit or miss. The price for the food was not bad. The service was good considering how busy they were.I had their chicken wings, indian pancake, Singapore Noodles, and Pad Thai. The chicken wings were good. The flavor from the soy sauce of the chicken was nice and savory. The indian pancake was nice, I was expecting nan bread but I see this asian style pancake with curry chicken on the side to dip. The Singapore Noodles were okay. I basically had to add hot sauce to bring out the flavor more but it wasn't really that special to me. I recommend not to order the Pad Thai here. The Pad Thai made my night sad. Noodles were mediocre, dish didn't have enough flavor, shrimp disappointed. The tofu was the hero of the dish. Not your average tofu because the outer part of the tofu had a chicken-like texture and inside was soft as one would expect in tofu. Good tofu, everything else in the Pad Thai sucked.Be careful with which dishes you select to eat/share with. Definitely read about what people have tried from here and avoid the dishes that were just off. Otherwise, one off dish can sort of ruin your experience. Overall, I still thought this place was not bad.
Been here for years, usually well service but this time around they were pretty slow even when there weren't that many people. Based on just this time's service i won't deprive the good review that they deserve. Great food, great price! def one of the best malaysian food restaurants.i usually order the Roti, hainanese chicken, some chicken satays, and their tung choi and fried pearl noodles. restaurant looks nice, nothing too fancy but very clean and cozy. The waiters and waitresses are very friendly and i always recommend friends and families that aren't from nyc to come and try out the restaurant.
So we were running some errands around the area and decided to come here for dinner. We waited for about 5mins and were lucky enough to get the window seats; had an interesting time people watching while eating. ;) For appetizer, just like everyone else, we ordered the Roti Cani, which is always delish! For entrees, we really liked the Malaysian style spare ribs and the salted fish fried rice. Interesting combo, I know, but they were both excellent choices. We also ordered the house tofu and the curry squid that was recommended by our waiter. The tofu was alright and just cuz I liked the tofu from Penang's (back in NJ) better. Also, the curry squid was good, but nothing impressive. Overall, portions were decent, friendly service, good fusion food, would definitely recommend it if you're in the mood for Malaysian/Asian Fusion cuisine. PS: This place is CASH ONLY.
Sorely disappointed after finding a piece of broken glass in my Chendol dessert. The staff did apologise and offered a second dessert of black glutinous rice on the house, although what would show a greater sense of apology or regret was to not charge for the dessert/give a discount too. Used to love Nonya, not too sure if I do anymore...
Came here for a really late lunch and surprisingly the lunch special was still happening. My friend got the garlic shrimp sauteed with string beans over rice which smell really good. But, there was only 4 pieces of shrimp and a lot of string beans. I had the ginger duck noodle soup, which was poorly executed. Maybe I went on a bad day and ordered the wrong thing, but the dish just didn't cut it. The duck was marinated nicely but the soup lacked flavor.On the other hand, the staff was quite nice. I didn't expect that at all. I'll make sure to order the Haianese chicken and the curry next time because I was majorly disappointed by the dish I ordered today.
I've eaten here plenty of times. One of the best malaysian restaurants in Chinatown. Roti Canai is always good as usual. So is the Fried Pearl Noodles, Clay Pot Pearl Noodles and Hainanese chicken (which I'm not a particular fan of, but is still good for those who love it). Pretty standard Chinatown prices. Service is decent and I haven't had a problem with seating yet although it's always pretty busy.I have also ordered for delivery and the food was delicious and warm and came right away (about 20 mins).
This place is located in the heart of the Chinese community and serves a variety of Asian dishes. I had two different types of roti, the Singapore fried noodles, and the Malaysian iced tea. The noodles were dry, flavorless, had almost no shrimp or sausage. Had to use some curry sauce from from the roti to flavor this dish. My friends did the same with their noodle and rice dishes. The tea was bitter and not sweet at all. The place had quite dirty bathrooms. Our servers were fairly nice.
My friend and I were in NYC for work and wanted Malaysian food, so we found this place on Yelp and were not disappointed. I got the roti canai and Chow Kuei Teow and thought they were delicious- simple, yummy food at good prices.
I ended up at Nyonya unexpectedly for lunch with a couple friends on Sunday since no one wanted to brave the dim sum crowds on CNY weekend. The restaurant was completely packed but thankfully our wait was only 10 minutes for a table. The service left a little to be desired but was passable considering how busy they were. We started with some ROTI CANAI. yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od… The roti was a little too crispy for my liking. I tend to like it slightly thicker than Nyonya serves it, for more chewiness and substance. The chicken curry had a good consistency and flavor though.Since I felt like having noodles, I ordered the FRIED PEARL NOODLES (stir-fried noodles with shrimp, squid, chicken, pork, egg, onion, scallion, and bean sprouts). yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od… To put it simply, this was a disappointment. The portion size seemed small compared to the other entrées. Everything was much too salty, over-seasoned, and oily, reminiscent of what I imagine cheap Chinese takeout tastes like. The only redeeming factor of the dish was that the pearl noodles were the perfect chewy texture. Perhaps I ordered the wrong thing, because the HAINANESE CHICKEN WITH RICE looked really good, and much more worth my $7. yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od… They even serve the Hainanese chicken with rice that's flavored with the chicken stock instead of plain white rice. That fragrant "oily rice" alone is tasty enough to make me want to order the Hainanese chicken if I return to Nyonya. If you get the Hainanese chicken with rice, don't forget to say whether you'd like dark or white meat. Skimming through some the other reviews, it seems like Nyonya used to be better but has sacrificed some of their quality since they remodeled and expanded. That said, it's still a solid option compared to the other Malaysian choices in Chinatown. As for me, I'll stick to going to Elmhurst for great Malaysian.**Cash only
Love the food here. Especially the Indian bread and chicken wings. The fresh made drinks here are also pretty good. However, this place is always packed, be prepared for a long waiting if you go on Friday and weekends. And it's cash only.
Killer fried rice and the BEST ROTI CANAI IN NY! All the seafood dishes are great. The place is by far the best in Malaysian cuisine in the city. The only slight drawback is the lack decor. It's looking a little old.
This time I tried Rotti Prata, Bah Kuh Teh and chow kueh teow. Rotti Prata was really not bad and they nailed the curry sauce.The Bah Kuh Teh was not far off. The taste of the soup was fair and they ought to use better ribs - but no real complaint given its price...The Chow Kueh Teow doesn't remind me of anything I tasted back in S'pore.Gonna try the Tom Yum soup next time I go there (Yea I am going there again I think)...
Writing about the shaved ice--both ABC and the other (can't remember name.)  Fairly accurate, very refreshing Malaysian shaved ice.  For those unacquainted, it can be a bit odd--there are red beans and other "non-traditional" sweet ornaments.  But very good.  Only issue is, fairly small portions, and highly variable preparation means you can get a great dessert one time and a chunk of ice another.
The Bah Kut Teh here is as good as my mom makes it back in Singapore.5 out of 5!
I've visited Nyonya, on the outskirts of Chinatown, so many times that I assumed I had already written it up.  Yeah, well I was wrong - no write-up on Nyonya? What a travesty!  And why do I visit Nyonya so often? Well, for the authentic Malaysian and Singaporean cuisine of course!  While I change up the dishes I order every so often, I always start with my favorite appy - roti canai.The light, fluffy bread with accompanying chicken curry sauce gets me every time.  Different restaurants have different roti styles, but I favor Nyonya's - light, flaky and just a tad chewy.  A mix between a crepe and a puff pastry, you'll find yourself addicted at first sumptuous bite.On this visit, my eating buddies and I also ordered the prawn mee (mee = noodles).  Considering that prawn mee was the first dish I had the minute I landed in Singapore the past 2 times I visited (yes, this was with my luggage in tow and everything. No, I did not look great), I was a bit skeptical about how good this NYC version would be.   Well color me surprised - while Nyonya's version had a thicker, brinier broth, it was extremely appealing in its weighty manifestation.  I'll be ordering this again fo' sho'!To round out our meal, eating buddies and I also ordered the mee siam, rice noodles stir-fried with tofu, eggs, shrimp  bean sprout in a spicy thai chili sauce and garnished with peanuts.  We ordered it "dry," which means stir-fried - if you want a light gravy, you'd order the "wet" mee siam.  These noodles were spicy sweet with a well-proportioned ratio of tofu, shrimp and carbs. Yum.And since, FINE, we really should have veggies (grumble), we ordered the kang kung belacan as well. Belacan (pronounced "baLAchan") is a shrimp paste and chili pepper sauce that is briny, pungent and gives the veggies the perfect kick.  Kang kung, or Chinese water spinach is a green veg (obvi) with a hollow stem and tender leaves.  On the occasions where I *must* eat veggies, kang kung belacan is a piquant choice.Our bill came out to less than $35 for 3 people, making Nyonya an authentic, delicious and economical dinner option.  I'll definitely be returning here (as I have many times already) for my Singaporean/Malaysian food fix!Authentic, delicious and economical to boot!
Never had Malaysian food prior but it's basically a combination of a variety of Southeast Asian cuisine. We got the roti canal appetizer, new siam noodles, 1/2 hainanese chicken, shrimp with eggplant Malaysian style, and the beef rendang based on all the yelp pictures and recommendations. All that was probably enough for a family of four, and came out to be $50 after tax. For the 2 of us, we had enough for lunch for both of us the next day. I personally liked the roti canal the best- curry was great and the bread was nice and chewy. Everything else were good, but nothing really stood out. I did see someone eating a curry noodle that seemed pretty good, ill try that next time. Also, regret not getting the satay chicken or beef. Looked like everyone was getting that.
I've never had Malaysian food before so my judgement may not be valid. However, my Malaysian friend took me here so we're good?My favorite dish had to be the The Roti Canal - it's like a tortilla looking, thin buttery pancake that is dipped in a curry sauce. (I know, a lot of people have written about it, we just want to make sure you knew how bomb it is!)You MUST get the fresh Watermelon juice, it's to die for. It also says that it's seasonal. Either way, I hope it's "in season" when you're there. You can thank me later ;).
Pros:1) Food is close to being authentic2) Nice place for people-watching if you sit by the windowCons:1) I ordered appetizer and main dish. Wouldn't be common sense that I would like appetizer comes before main dish?! Or am I being picky? The fact that my appetizer was brought to my table at the same time with my main dish (by 2 different servers of course, really confused me)2) The name of the restaurant might be "Nyonya", but don't be deceived. It's not a specialty Nyonya/Peranakan cuisine restaurant. Just typical Malaysian fare3) I appreciate the thoughtfulness of the server warning me that Penang Asam Laksa is very sour and spicy. But don't I look Sino-Malay enough to know?4) I was taking my first 2 slurps of the dessert and another server gave me the bill already. How rude! There's not even a line of people waiting to justify the rush5) No line at all, few empty seats, on a Saturday lunch time. This won't happen at Philadelphia's Penang, which has same seating capacity (and of course better food and service)6) Servers are very not flexible.  Can't make their own decision. A girl next to my table wanted her prawn mee to be just the soup, server asked manager and he said can't. Another guy just wanted pieces of steamed tofu on the side, server asked manager, and said can'tI'll wait for the next time I'm in Philadelphia for some good Malaysian food and friendlier people (Banana Leaf and Penangm who wants to come along?!)
This is my favorite place in Chinatown to go for Malaysian food. It is not like some of the other hole-in-the-wall places you see in this neighborhood. It is actually looks very nice inside with wooden floors.My go to choices from here are the roti canai, beef rendang, and nasi lemak. The pieces of stewed meat in the beef rendang are very tender and flavorful. Unfortunately I am allergic to shrimp and lobster, so that limits my choices at any Malaysian place. But, I still find something to enjoy myself.For desert, you should try the chendol. It is a shave ice drink with coconut milk and red beans. It's somewhat similar to the Filipino dessert halo halo.
The food was good, but I have comment on the service. I ordered a hainanese chicken(1/4) and a prawn mee. When checking out on the bill the price for hainanese chicken was price for half chicken. A lady(manager maybe?) came and tell me " oh sorry what you got was half chicken, they serve you a wrong dish" and didn't change my bill. It is only $2.55 more but why should I pay for your mistake? A very unpleasant meal.
We have been going to Nyonya throughout the past year and also take out regularly. I am yet to find a single problem to complain about. It's consistent, great authentic Malaysian/Peranakan food...no frills, but no need - it's all about the food here. Nasi Lemak, Beef Rendang, Roti Canai, Hainanese Chicken, Squid Curry, Kang Kung Belacan, Crab...etc. on the spot, every time. The food wasn't much better in the Singapore hawker centers, and it's not fair to compare...for the US it cannot get much better.
The food here is exceptionally good! But I would never come here to eat again with any body that is significant to me for the following reasons:1. I had to ask for menus after being seated for about 8-10 minutes.2. The restaurant is too big, with not many employees to service tables. It was difficult finding a waiter to take our order.3. By the time my friend was done with her meal, my meal came 15-20 minutes later. I also observed the other tables around us, they seemed to be having the same problem as well. Many people were eating in pairs and at every table only one person had their meal and the other person was waiting for a significant amount of time.I don't recommend bringing a date here because you'll be eating at different times. That would not be a wonderful date night dinner.The beyond horrible service takes away from their wonderful tasting food. I hope they can improve their service.
OMG kid you not we had 7 full dishes, the famous beef, chicken, spicy large soup, another chicken, seafood and something else (need to find my list) and we got a bill for $76. What???We were stuffed and there was bunch of food left. Took everything home!Amazing everything was super good!!!
Delicious Malaysian Food. Probably the best Nasi Lemak I've had in NYC (the Anchovies is a game a changer)
Cash only! Tried going here three times and the third was the charm. First-no cash on hand, so we went to parm. Next, it was massively crowded. Third was walk in I think definitely they've got some home style food here but it does verge on mixture of American style in parts of the menu.Not bad overall though I wouldn't recommend one of the dishes which was basically ketchup sauce on noodles. Stick with some of the usual fare you might expect if you were in Singapore or something--internationalized foreign pan Asian if there is such a category
This place was alright, we got the table in the back which smelled a lil funky because it was near the fish tank and bathroom. Price was alright. We ordered the malaysion sweet and sour pork for around 10$. Portion was pretty small though didn't taste too bad, there was just the right amount of sweet and sourness. We also ordered chow kwa teoh and roti canai. Chow kwa teoh taste good, so is the curry for the roti canai but I feel that the bread was too thin and flaky, it didn't seem like I was eating anything but a very thin crepe sheet. As for the service they don't pay attention to you. You need to call them if you want to order.
Great food. The roti canai is excellent! Went on a Friday night. So the wait for a table for two was about 30 minutes. But the food was worth it. It's cash only though.
When asked in Chinese who are the frequent clientele of the restaurant, the staff say "foreigners". When asked in English the same question, "all kinds of people". By now you should know that, as many other Yelpers have said, this is a tourist attraction. This isn't the place to get the intimate mom-and-pop Malaysian food: given that they sell wines with their food--a big no-no for Malaysian food since 1) spicy food and wine don't work well and 2) the majority of Malaysians do not drink alcohol (for religious reasons). I've had two dishes from Nyonya. I plan to try other menu items other Yelpers suggested and re-review this place. But so far, the Prawn Mee and the Nasi Lemak are the dishes I will rate this restaurant with. The Prawn Mee is a fine standard dish with a thick cloudy shrimp soup, yellow noodles, pork, shrimp and vegetables. The key to a good Prawn Mee is the soup. The soup is flavorful, but perhaps too flavorful. The soup edged on the salty side--to a point where I need to constantly drink water while eating this. (Possibly a case of MSG overload here.) Based on this dish alone I would probably give Nyonya a 3.5/4. The Nasi Lemak was the let down. The coconut rice was barely fragrant. The sambal anchovies were too sweet, not spicy nor salty enough. The a-chat was too oily, had way too much minced ginger in it and lacked enough acidity. Lastly the curry was too salty for its own good. The chicken(from the curry) was dry and had a heaping amount of cumin flavor in it. The curry reminded me of Indian curry (from a Foodnetwork recipe) more than Malaysian. If you plan to visit, avoid the Nasi Lemak.
This review is basically for the roti canai - get the roti canai! It's delicious. I have some reservations about a curried chicken noodle soup which, though really tasty, was a lot of noodles and chicken - no veggies at all - which made the dish really heavy and monotonous. Couldn't finish it and chose not to get all that soupy soup to go.
I heart Malaysian cuisine; The cacophony of Chinese and Indian spices.  I had high expectations expecting to have something vaguely similar to what I had in Kula Lampur a few years back.  I heard great things but the pineapple fried rice I had fell flat.  Don't get me wrong it wasn't bad but there wasn't anything Malaysian with it.  But the should've just crossed off pineapple and I would've given them an extra star.  Literally only 4 pieces of processed pineapple and that didn't bother me - it's the given up attitude at least chop it up make it feel like your getting more then 4 lousy processed dole pineapple chunks or just remove the word pineapple from your menu.  The ingredients were minimal but the rice was tasteful; meaning two shrimps 8-10 pieces of carrots and peas total - (the kind you find in the frozen section in supermarkets.). My buddy ate the roti but honestly the word devour probably describes it better - 4 stars for the roti canai so this review isn't all negative!
Nyonya is consistently good. I often go here just to pick up the Roti Canai and Singapore Noodles. The Roti Canai is a flaky, yet buttery flat bread served with chicken or pork curry. I tend to stay clear of pork so instead of pork in my noodles, I ask for shrimp. Dining in is good for both small and big parties. If you don't want to walk away smelling like food, I suggest ordering to-go. The wait staff knows what is good on the menu so don't be shy asking them to recommend dishes. Cash only!This place gets pretty crowded during dinner time. Arrive for an early dinner to avoid the wait time.
Oh Nyonya. How the mighty have fallen. I remember coming when I just a wee little girl, always fascinated by the people in the front making the rotis. My father used to buy my sister and I both a roti so that we wouldn't complain when he took us to his afternoon MJ session. Fast forward 10+ years and now it's the "sleeker" Nyonya. While I appreciate the effort in renovations, I would much rather sit in the bamboo decor from ages ago and have top-notch service. Our party of 3 ordered 3 rotis, beef rendang, and the braised duck with lotus seed. Please tell me why my braised duck came first, followed by one roti, followed by another roti 10 minutes later, followed by the beef rendang, then the last roti. Since when do appetizers come scattered throughout the meal?You broke my heart, Nyonya. Broke. It.
I'm digging this place. When I first stepped in the ambiance was great.  The decor is modern yet simple. The restaurant is very clean and organized in contrast to the hectic mayhem once you step foot outside into Chinatown.I was seated right away and given hot tea which was delicious.I ordered the shrimp and ladies fingers, curry beef over rice and the roti with curry dipping sauce.Shrimp and ladies finger- 3.5 stars. The dish was tasty but I felt it was lacking something that was being covered with spice. Its basically shrimp with okras. It did not come with rice. Curry beef w/ rice - 3.5 stars The beef tasted delicious. It was not chewy or fatty. I recommend it.Roti w/ curry sauce - 5 stars The curry dipping sauce is heaven in a bowl. Enough said.Oh I'll be back...
If you are looking for a restaurant which offers consistency every time, Nyonya is the epitome of the aforementioned.  The food is always enjoyable, generous portions and dishes are pushed out almost immediately.  Though the menu is extensive, it is not overwhelming so to decide.  If you go with a group have everyone order something different and share.  Staff is genuinely friendly, extremely accommodating to large groups and even patient enough to address questions regarding the preparation and ingredients of specific dishes since a friend of mine has an intolerance to specific foods.  I thought the Roti Canai to be just okayyy.  It's flaky on the edges which can crumble easily and made difficult to share.  Recommendations:Seafood Chow FunHainanese Chicken - ask for white meat, you get more meat and less bones!Chicken  Salted Fish Fried RiceHow can I forget to mention?  Nyonya is BYOB!!  $7 corkage fee, but it's still worth it!
Good Malaysian food! This is where i go to get my Malaysian fix! My fav is Cantonese chow fun!!!! Yummy and they moved to new location across the street from the old spot, a lot bigger and cleaner bathroom!
I've been here multiple times. Some dishes are a hit or miss, but below are consistently winners:Roti CanaiCurry MeeGinger Duck NoodlesChicken rice (to die for)There is usually a wait, but it moves quickly. And the best thing is that after you order, the food comes quickly. Service is a bit above mediocre, but I wouldn't expect much. And it's very affordable. My biggest gripe is that its cash only. And the worst part, there are no ATMs nearby. So make sure you come with cash!Overall, I love this place and I'm a regular.
I have been to the Brooklyn location before visiting here and thus far unimpressed. Tried the roti canai. The flat bread/naan was thin, crispy, and good,but the curry was nothing special. Of course I do like curry that is a little sweet and rich... Ordered some other items but nothing that make me want to come back.
Came here with my friends to celebrate and we had a great time! Nyonya has a really interesting menu, with plenty of variety in the dishes they offer. My friends and I ordered the Roti Canai, the mango shrimp, chicken with rice, and beef chow fun.Wow, it was all really good, but I need to speak specifically about the Roti Canai- it's almost like a warm fluffy tortilla that you rip into pieces and dip into the most amazing curry sauce you have ever had. I was astounded. The curry had a great kick, and was kind of on the "Thai" scale - and normally I'm not a huge thai curry fan. But WOW. Definitely get it.I keep thinking about it and how I hope to go back and literally JUST order 5 of these for myself. Listen to Yelp, and get this appetizer (and order multiple!)As for the other food, the beef chow fun was good and fresh, but out of the entrees, my favorite dish was the mango shrimp. The shrimps were plentiful and the fresh mango pieces were even more plentiful.The prices here are great and definitely worth a visit. Plus, the space is huge, so you're likely to get a seat.
Size, price, and excellent quality are why Nyonya may become a staple in your diet. The spring chicken and spicy seafood soup will be swimming in my mind everytime I stroll down Grand Street. Be back soon!
Omg...this is a great place to try Malaysian food. Awesome appetizer chicken curry and naan. Everything here is good!
The food here is not bad. However, the service is not that great and they mess up the orders quite a bit. I stop by every now and then if I am in the area and want Malaysian but I would not make it a point to go back.
The only Malaysian restaurant I go to. There's also two in Brooklyn; one on 8th Ave and one on 86th St. I love the Shrimp with Lady Fingers (okra) and the Nyonya Tofu. Also have to have their ABC dessert and Soy Milk with grass jelly.The service is ok. Out of all of them I think the 86th Street one has the best service. I don't like the service on 8th Ave.There's usually a wait so get there early. Some of their prices have gone up a bit. For example, the Nyonya Tofy used to be $10 and it's now $12.
I don't know really how to put into words the deliciousness of Nyonya. It's just really that tasty and I have very little in my culinary past to compare it to. I've had their food both dine-in and delivery.  They have something great going on that I just can't describe. Although my favorites may sound lackluster, they're still my faves:  Roti Canai and Buddhist Lunch Special with chicken broth rice.  I urge you to check this place out for yourself. Please note, they're pretty busy on a Friday night and service can be spotty, but your food will make it all well worth it.
As soon as you walk in the door, there is an open kitchen area to the left.  We were seated quickly, because we arrived when they first opened on Saturday.  It was hot outside and we just walked through two blocks of annoying waiters from Italian restaurants trying to hassle us into eating at their establishments.  The interior is covered in dark wood, cool clean smelling air, an almost Zen environment in comparison to Little Italy and the summer heat outside.I am almost embarrassed to say that this is my first experience eating at a Malaysian restaurant.  Sure, I have drooled and even cooked some dishes from rasamalaysia.com but have never been out to get the real thing.  Therefore, I do not know what is authentic, or even what it is supposed to taste like.  Hopefully I will move somewhere where I can sample this food more often in the near future and become an expert.  But for now, I just know that it tastes great.We were so thirsty that we ordered four specialty drinks, ranging from $2.75-3.50.  The Coconut Juice, was served in a talk gold glass with slices of coconut in coconut juice.  The Malaysian Tea was a red milk tea with a slight cocoa taste to it in the same style glass on ice.  My favorite was the Lychee Drink, which was diluted lychee juice on ice with five canned lychee fruits.  It was very refreshing.  The last was the Fresh Coconut Juice, which is a peeled coconut with a hole drilled in the top, enough to stick a straw in.  While the Fresh Coconut tasted amazing, it created suction that took a bit of work.For appetizers, we ordered the Roti Telur ($3.95), which was an egg filled paratha with a curry chicken dipping sauce.  I felt that with the stuffing, the pancake was too heavy and will definitely order the Roti Canai ($2.95) in the future.The dish that I was looking forward to the most was actually the Mee Goreng ($5.95) because of my various online readings and photos of heavenly experiences eating Mee Goreng from food stall vendors.  However, here it had a strong vinegar flavor, but I did love the chewy consistency of the noodles.  I would love to try this dish at other places to see more variations.The Nasi Lemak ($5.50) arrived on a leaf shaped platter.  I have seen many variations of this dish on actual leaves that you unfold and find your meal as a present, must be nice.  The kitchen was nice enough to substitute Beef Rendang instead of the Chicken Curry for this dish.  The Beef Rendang was rich and filling with bite sized perfectly seasoned tender bits of stewed beef.  The pickled dried anchovy with onion relish tasted great, and so did the mixed veggie pickles.  My favorite would have the be the coconut rice in the center though, the flavor and chewy texture was to die for.  All of their vegetables dishes looked great from the descriptions, so it was hard to choose just one.  I have always wanted to try shrimp paste and I love water spinach, so we went for the Kang Kung Belacan ($9.95) and were not disappointed.  I have only eaten water spinach at dim sum with garlic or oyster sauce, but the shrimp paste gave it a better depth of flavor since it was meaty and slightly smoky.  All of their vegetable dishes looked great, so we will definitely try more of those in the future.   Like I said before, this was just a small taste, and hopefully I will learn about and sample more Malaysian cuisine in the near future.Cash only, and their menu is on their website: penangusa.com
Ate here many times, food was excellent every time. Their lunch specials are well priced (around $7), good portion and tasty. I love SE Asian food, having lived in Singapore for many years. I learnt that Singapore and Malaysia, food wise, have a lot of similarities. Char Kway Teo, Kangkung or Ladyfinger (okra) with Belacan sauce, Roti Canai, Hainamese Chicken + Rice, Oyster Omelette, Satay, ABC topped with coconut ice-cream.This is my favorite Malaysian restaurant.
WARNING: Do NOT order the lunch special item titled "Salty Fish with Chinese Broccoli."  I thought this meant sauteed fish fillet with a side of vegetables.  Nope.  It was a huge mound of salty chinese broccoli and a few thin, tiny slices of preserved salted fish.  so few that I actually dug around my vegetables for a long time to find them.  I actually thought it was all vegetables at first.What a waste of my money.  So unappetizing.  They're menu is insanely hit or miss.  CURRY MEE with YOUNG TAO FU is the only item I've loved.
Nyonya has been around Chinatown for years and it has yet to fail me. It is so good that one time I made the trip to a nearby Chase for like half an hour just to get cash to eat at this place. For the love of god, however, can you at least consider taking credit?If you know malaysian food well enough you know they count on rice all the time. Any rice dish here will do the trick, but I especially liked the coconut rice - you can choose to have your hainan chicken rice paired with it - and it does wonders. If you ordered curry instead, it is not a must since curry itself is quite heavy, but I still often decide to do so.They seem to have mastered the art of sauté vegetables since all of them tasted so good, but it could've been the condiments. I'm not sure and I don't really care - it's just that good. Remember to top everything off with a sweet treat which, if I remembered correctly, is called the bobochacha.With all of that considered, the price still ultimately comes down to a reasonable point. Each of us averaged like $12 and we all had a great time nevertheless.
Heard great things about this place and had to give it a try! It's a dimly lit restaurant with a very modern feel. I came on a Saturday afternoon and there was no wait, there is plenty of seating in the back. Even though I heard it was really good, I walked in not expecting anything special, but in the end the dishes blew me away. For a party of four we ordered Roti canai, Hainan chicken (1/2 chicken), fried squid, vegetable curry casserole, stir fry noodles (don't remember which one), and one bowl of white rice. The best thing that we ordered was probably the casserole, followed by the fried squid. The stir fry noodles were pretty decent, as was the Hainan chicken (it was nothing special in my experience). For some reason the Roti we received wasn't hot and was pretty hard when we got it, maybe because they had it made a while before. TIP: if you get anything with curry, make sure you eat rice with it. The curry casserole tastes amazing with white rice. The portions are decently sized, larger than I expected and in the end we walked out very full for $17 a person (tip included). Overall, I really do like this place, if I come back though I would switch out some of the orders that I had.
I haven't been to Nyonya in a few years but Hugo B and I were craving Malaysian Peranakan cuisine from our recent travels to Penang and Kuala Lumpur. Now I even know what the word Nyonya means!Nyonya Restaurant is exactly the same and still overwhelmingly popular during Sunday lunch. Make sure your whole party is all there at the same time. We decided to share Roti Telur, Seafood fried rice, Hainanese chicken and Kang Kung Belacan (sautéed water convolvulus in spicy (stinky) shrimp paste).They were out of Roti Telur so we ordered Roti Canai which was homemade fresh and tasty. The waiter was pleasant and helpful. He came back and said they were also out of the convolvulus for the belacan and offered spinach. That didn't sound too good, so I suggested and received water cress. Our dishes were very tasty and reminded us of Nyonya cooking in George Town, Penang. The water cress belacan was good. The Hainanese chicken was especially moist and succulent. The portions are generous. We stuffed ourselves and even took a doggy bag home. I'm sure Nyonya is on the list for Hugo's next visit to NYC.
By far - the best Malaysian restaurant I have been to! Authentic, and delicious. We ordered way too much food - but finished it all - because it was just that good.Here are the dishes you must start with since I did all the hard work for you; feel free build upon this base (you welcome.)Roti Canai (at least 1 order per 2 people)Hainan chicken (my favorite)Beef Rendang (no one does it better) Prawn Mee Kang Kung Belacan (sautéed convolvulus - I know this vegetable sounds weird but you do need your greens, and I promise - this is good for you)Coconut rice As with other restaurants, all members of group must be present to get seated.With that said, enjoy!
Nearly all of Nyonya's dishes that I've tried are great. My favorites are hainanese chicken with either coconut or chicken rice (great mild flavor for summer), roti canai as an appetizer and house special pork with dried vegetables (flavorful, tender pork belly). The restaurant gets quite crowded at dinner, but you can order to-go and also reserve a table in advance. Overall, the place is a perfect air-conditioned rest stop at the corner of Chinatown. Lunch specials are only $8 and servings are generous and filling. Cash only!
Recommend courses: Hainanese chicken, bak kut teh, fried intestine, Malaysian vegetable (forgot the name)Not good: tofu combination casserole, coconut pudding I haven't had good bak kut teh for years. It is a bit sweet and a bit bitter so you won't feel tired of it. The intestine is very tender and tastes good with spring onion. Just some suggestion, the restaurant need to improve the coconut pudding recipe. They are pretty busy and be ready for a waiting line.
Nyonya is awesome; I've been coming here since my middle school days and the prices and quality have remained consistent. I love spicy foods and Malaysian food has such rich flavors that Nyonya captures. The menu is diverse, and the food comes out quickly. Service is not spectacular, but they get the job done.I love the Roti, seafood fried flat noodles, Hainan chicken, and the pad Thai.
Cash only!Huge menu selection. All types of food.Menu goes in depth with numerous categories from vegetarian, to poultry, to lobster.Extensive menu. May be even too much.Place is booming with customers. Good, open space. Plenty of room for several parties. Great spot to hold lots of people. Lighting is a little too dim for my liking, but I guess that makes the atmosphere more authentic.Nice choice for dinner. Excellent for Chinese cuisine. Generous portions. #1 and #2 were great tasting dishes from the fried noodles section. Phenomenal choices for dinner. Great flavor, with reasonable portions. Food came out ready quite faster than expected. Astonished me with joy. Nice staff. All ready to help and assist in any way possible.Despite cash only, items on menu are reasonably priced. If anything, this restaurant is affordable.Looks can be deceiving! Cash only, yet fairly affordable. Guess there is more than meets the eye!
It's official, Nyonya serves American Malaysian food. This restaurant has never been DA BOMB to begin with, but it's gotten progressively worse since it opened. Today, I had char kueh teow and curry noodles. They were bland and el dente, everything that's NOT Malaysian. If you're looking for authentic Malaysian food in Chinatown, I suggest Sanuria, located at 18 Doyers (in the basement). Nothing fancy, just good food.
Roti canai for 3 peopleSingapore noodle ( sweet)Chow kueh teow (little kick)Hainanese chicken (room temperature)Chicken rice$34.73 including taxLoved this place. It is super popular and quite the experience.
We came for the hainan chicken, and the chicken was good as we expected. We ordered curry puff, seafood soup, garlic vege, and pork intestine. All were nice and tasty. Liked it here!
The 5-star rating is based on the price, ambiance, food relationship. This place is cheap: most dishes are around 8.50$. It's a mix of various Asian geographies: from Singapore Laksha to Malay spicy soup to Korean influenced stuff. The place is actually modern and feels like a restaurant rather than some of the food sheds in the same price range. So for a sit down it's perfect. The staff was very kind and the food was excellent for the price albeit the wait was 20 mins. Their free tea is tasty. We had Singapore rice vermicelli noodles and a dish with Thai "fat" noodles. Also took a soup. Too much food for 2 people as the soups are huge. Great place all in all a be we will be back.
Literally the best Malaysian food I've ever had. I've been coming to Nyonya whenever I need my fix of fried noodles and Roti Canai.I've tried a couple of other dishes and none of them have disappointed me. I've been to the Nyonya in Brooklyn as well and it was just as amazing. Really good food for the price! Come to Nyonya because your stomach and your wallet would be full!
I would give this place 3.5 stars and it mostly loses stars because of service. Even when we were finally seated, it was probably 15-20 minutes before a server approached us just to Get drink orders. This was my first Malaysian food experience and I wasn't disappointed. The roti chanai appetizer is a must get - my favorite thing on the menu. I ordered the Indian Mee Goreng which was very good - kind of like lo mein but had some Indian flavors. My husband got the chicken curry, which had some coconut milk flavors. It was good but very heavy. Would definitely go back but expect to wait a long time. Oh yeah, and they only take cash, no credit cards.
Absolute must go. Malaysian food is some of the best of the world, and this place is fire!We started with the fried pork intestine, which were only ok. The flavor was nice but it was not crispy at all - wouldn't order that from here again. However, the beef rengdang and haianese chicken are MUST orders! The rengdang was an EXPLOSION of flavor. The chicken was juicy, tender and savory and the tangy sauce added another dimension. The Chinese watercress were also incredibly tasty and they were really tender while maintaining a nice crunch. This a very unsketchy and clean restaurant, which is super out of the ordinary for my favorite Asian haunts. Cash only!
I've been on this unexplained hunt for Hainan chicken for the longest time... and I thought the godmother of Malaysian/Chinese food in NYC would solve my craving. But I was wrong. Despite several warnings that Nyonya was just average by the local standard, I needed to go and see for myself. Lunch wasn't crowded so I took my time to browse all 20 pages of the menu... Okay, still set on the Hainan chicken (although I was pretty swayed by the tables around me). Also chose the specialty appetizer (Nyonya Rojak) that mandated patrons check with the waiters. Alrighty then. Nyonya Rojak - "Strong fishy taste. Nyonya famous fruit salad served with squid, shrimp paste sauce, sesame seed and peanuts. Hot and spicy." I regret ordering this to this day... This was such an interesting combination that I wanted to claim I loved it. That I loved the fusion, the flavors, the adventurous of it all - but I can't. I truly hated it. It's an acquired taste that I didn't have, and probably will never acquire. Be adventurous and try it if you must - I warned you about this mess.Hainan Chicken - "Steamed chicken with bone (room temperature) and chef's soy sauce." Average. Actually at this point, I don't know if I've been building up the hype in my mind or what. But this was average, chicken wasn't exactly falling off from the bones and the rice is less flavorful than what I'm used to.I don't know, man, but my expectations were way up there. I'd come back to try other stuff - especially since I'm still kicking myself for not ordering all the deliciousness that I saw on the other tables...
Roti canai Asam laksa Ginger duck egg noodles Coconut curry chicken noodle dish Satay, both chicken and beef, My sister and I stopped in after our haircut. We've been coming to this place for years. Love their roti canai, light papery dough that you dip into their bomb curry sauce. The ginger duck noodle dish was a bit on the saltier end. Tried my sister's coconut curry chicken noodle dish and that was straight . Prices are so cheap for the portion and quality. Def recommend this place if you're craving endless options of Chinese/Malay food!
Good spot to go to if you're in the area and want to satisfy your Malaysian food cravings. I wouldn't say this is the best Malaysian spot I've been to though. The staff here is always great. Super friendly and attentive.As for the food I ordered the roti canai, hainanese chicken with chicken rice, and hokkien meen, all to share! The roti canai was good, but when it arrived it was cold (both the curry sauce and bread) which obviously makes it not as good. The chicken was yummy, but the rice was a little bland and lacking the chicken taste. Lastly the hokkien meen which is stir fried egg noodles with shrimp, chicken, and squid (?), that was actually the best one out of the 3! The portion was also very good.Overall, I recommend this spot for a quick fix and if you're feeling Malaysian. I actually never come here as this isn't one of my go-to spots in Chinatown, but it does the job when you need it to.
Long wait, but you knew that. Food is great but not sure I'd wait an hour for it a second time. My BF and I split a Malaysian iced tea, roti canai, mango chicken and pineapple fried rice. The tea was good, if a little sweet for me. I think I prefer Thai iced tea. Roti and pineapple rice were awesome - definitely the standouts. The mango chicken had a sweet goopy sauce on it that I didn't care for, but it was decent. Service was spotty.
I've never eaten here sober. Is it fair that I'm reviewing this then? Yes, because I need to exercise my fingers besides the daily rub and tug-Ohh-war I face with my arch nemesis, The D. And by that, I don't mean Detroit. The service here is pretty decent for a Chinatown spot. No yelling or deer in headlights looks due to their English proficiency. Yes, the food comes out so fast you wonder how long it was sitting there before they nuked it and sent it to your table. Sometimes, you need to stop overthinking it, put it in your mouth and eat. No pause. The Roti Canai is smallish and the curry is rich and flavorful. You kind of have to, because who doesn't like dunking stuff into a rich brown sauce with a random piece of chicken swimming in it? I don't share this; sharing is stupid when it's this small and you're going to kill it in three to four bites. Don't let that overzealous server take the curry in her hurry, because you'll want to pour that over your girl, i mean, rice... later. The crispy squid tentacles (not to be confused w/testicles) are a hot mess to look at, however those buggers are delicious. Salty and sweet with a crunch like chips, which is how you should treat them: eat the whole damn thing without remorse  accept your inner fat kid, Kenny. The water spinach with shrimp paste is a yes. Not only is it delicious, you need something that's green at the table to make yourself feel better and so that 5 star from Wisconsin who's sitting at the next table will ask, "What's that?" Boom, instant ice breaker and you've now found your future ex (yes, this really happened, but not here  she was more like a solid 3). That Hainanese Chicken that you see in all the pics is a staple. Juicy, moist, flavorful and served cool, I order it every time, but feel like that basic bitch who always orders Pad Thai and doesn't know why. The irony. Beef Rendang? Yes. Just...yes. Period. Singapore rice noodles. I sometimes come here with a drinking buddy of mine and he always orders this, which to me is just ok (I'm not a pasta/noodle fanboy, unless it's swimming in broth). Reasons why he orders this: 1) I eat a bite of it, and 2) I never want to take this home (via doggy bag). So, he's got another meal for the next day; don't we all have one of these kinds of  douchey friends in our lives? He is also the type that will eat more then his share of the chicken, if you don't keep up with his eating pace. And he wonders why women can't stand him after a few dates. No, I'm not projecting. The pineapple fried rice here is good, but the salted fish one is better. It's not too salty and has mucho flavor. I don't get ordering fried rice with heavy sauced dishes, though. If you already got the curry from the Rotti Canai and all the gravy from other dishes, why would you not just get white rice as the vehicle to enjoy that goodness? It's equivalent to ordering, say, mashed potatoes that have been seasoned with truffle oil and dried, unicorn blood, but then you pour gravy over it and ruin the dish which you just paid $12. Get the coconut (or just white rice), if you've got a lot of sauce you plan on sopping up later.It's cash only, which pisses me off, because I get double points at restaurants on my card. The bathroom just might be one of the best in Chinatown; i'm talking at least 2nd world quality, easily. They aren't open late night, so the 3/4 a.m. late night crawl won't happen here. There aren't many options for Malaysian and although I'm no expert on the cuisine, it's got the one factor that's THE most important reason, in any cuisine...it taste good, Floecia.
Hadn't gone here in years. Used to come regularly when I worked close by. Good to see they're just as good as I remember. I love Malaysian food and places like Nyonya are the reason why. Came here for dinner on a Friday night and the place was packed but like many places in Ctown, the restaurant staff are quick about getting orders in, bringing out food as soon as it's ready and urging their customers to leave once they're done eating. What would have been a 1 hour wait at most places was only 20 minutes at Nyonya. The food is great and the prices are good. Compared to other Chinatown restaurants, prices and portions might be a tad more and less (respectively) but you may not even notice once your devouring your roti canai appetizer (Which is sized for one here versus other places where there's enough to share). Be prepared for savory, spicy dishes. You may break a sweat depending on your tolerance for heat. Make sure to try the beef rendang, the pineapple fried rice, roti canai, and Hainanese chicken. I tried their beef chow fun as well-- good, although a tad salty. I'll definitely be back.
The Food is amazing.... Char Kwoay Teao taste so so so good.... The Roti Canai is simply delicious... Prawn noodle is very yummy as well....
Nyonya is the epitome of high quality malaysian foods at reasonable prices.All their foods are very delicious, but my usual favorites are the Crispy Chicken with Salad, Roti Canai, and the Kang Kung Belacan (sauteed convolus with spicy malaysian shrimp paste sauce). I'm salivating just thinking of Nyonya's food. I guess that means I have to go visit this place very soon! :)
I actually prefer this location to Sunset Park. Regardless of which location you visit, their menu is quite intimidating. Here's a hint, you MUST order Roti Canai (you'll probably end up ordering a second order) and Beef Rendang. You can thank me later.
LOVE this place!  I come here with my boyfriend whenever we are around the area.  Friendly staff, great good, nice atmosphere. My favorite is their pad thai and their roti canai!  The curry is so flavorful and delicious!  The roti is nice and thin and oh so yummy and crunchy! The pad thai is a packed with shrimp!  I am a big fan of peanut sauce and i think they are probably very generous with it in this dish, so creamy and peanuty but not heavy.For dessert I usually get their Coconut pudding which is probably my favorite thing here.  Its pretty much coconut juice that is made into jello within the coconut that it came from(or at least i think so).  I can eat the whole thing myself even after a big meal! Its that good!
Not that this place needs another positive review, but this place is the bees knees!  I've been lucky enough to travel to Singapore several times in the past 2 years and this place is as close as any Malaysian or Chinese food I could find in NYC.The Hainanese Chicken is delicious.  No matter how many times I sit down to place my order -- I am always reminded by the waitress that the chicken will be cold...Yes ma'am I get it - and its great.The Nasi Lemak is pretty spot on as well: delicious sweet coconut rice, well spiced chicken, salty anchovies, potatoes, eggs, veggies, peanuts - oh my!! I'm happy.Roti Canai is crispy yet gooey at the same time.  The sauce always has a bit of potato and chicken that adds great flavor.  Prawn Mee - a GREAT seafoody, fishy, salty, warm, spiced, soup that is wonderful for lunch on a cold rainy day.  Sit by the window and people watch as they scurry about and you slurp away.Chow Kueh Teow tastes fresh and has tastes that will be familiar to those who are used to some more mainstream Americanized Chinese noodle dishes.  The dish is always full of shrimps and is great to share. Gooey noodles. mmmThe veggies are also always good.  Any of the beans or leafy greens cooked in brown sauce and garlic cannot be bad right?  They are never too mushy or soaked -- the crunch is maintained.I've tried countless other dishes at Nyonya but these are the standouts for me.  I used to work around the corner and this was a frequent stop for lunch (has a lunch menu)!!  I know they also deliver which is awesome.If you are dining in know that it is almost ALWAYS crowded - no matter the time of day.  It is just too good, people cannot stay away.CASH ONLY!!!
Nyonya is my favorite spot for quality Malaysian food when I'm in Chinatown.  Their Roti Canai is amazing  each person I have taken here has fallen in love with it.  I always advise for people to save the chicken curry dipping sauce on the side and then pour it over an order of their Chicken Rice.  In addition to the Roti Canai, we always order either the Chicken/Beef Satay for appetizers as well: Grilled marinated meat served with fresh cucumber  red onion plus peanut dipping sauce -- delicious!  The best entree is by far their Sarang Burong: a deep-fried taro shell that holds chicken, snow pea  shrimp stir-fry.  Very unique flavor  taste (plus the taro is just amazing).  Their portions are really good and the prices are even better.  Definitely good for groups.
Lovely Malaysian restaurant.  Memorable hainanese chicken over rice.  5 year old daughter looves the coconut rice.  She also surprisingly likes the popular roti appetizers curry sauce, though it is a bit spicy for her normal taste.  If our child likes the food, that gives us more reason to come eat here!
I don't like Malaysian food, and I hate even staring at menus when I get dragged to Malaysian joints. I was dining with the boys two nights ago, and was pretty much only staring blankly at the drinks menu. They decided to do family style dishes, and I was even more bummed. I was thinking "oh gosh.. more of the same stuff I do NOT like". Ok, I didn't enjoy much of my meal, but my friends did accommodate me and ordered dishes that were less um.. Malaysian? I enjoyed the sizzling tofu, and their stir fried okra with the Malaysia spicy sauce. The tofu was the silken tofu and very sweet and soft inside, whilst the okra had a nice kick to it (that sauce is the only malay thing I like). Nyonya makes horrible indian pancakes though, lemme tell ya.
A huge plus for how CLEAN this place is. This place looks brand spanking new, which is a HUGE HUGE plus for a place in the Chinatown area. Got seated quickly and they even offered plastic covers for our umbrellas to make sure their place keeps clean...smart move!Spacious area. It's deceiving from the outside.We started off with an order of the roti canai and the roti telur. The roti telur took an additional 5 minutes because they were making it fresh. The indian pancake for the roti canai was so thin, it was translucent. I never saw that before and that was sooo cool. The curry sauce was a bit runny but i enjoyed the flavor. It had a good amount of potatoes and chicken meat. The pro with the thin pancake is that it is crispy, the con is that it gets stale quickly. The roti telur is pretty much an omelet in a roti pancake.  It was good, but i dont know if it was worth the extra $1.25 for an egg omelet. For entrees, I ordered the CHOW KUEH TEOW: Malaysian famous stir fried flat rice noodles with shrimp, chive, squid, bean sprouts, eggs, soy sauce and chili paste. Umm is this really famous? I don't know  it just tasted like a seafood lo mein. There was no heat . The only plus was that the shrimp and squid were cooked well and the squid was ample. I guess i was expecting more since this is supposed to be a well known dish, and i was just disappointed because it reminded me of a typical chinese take out dish. She ordered the haianese checken over rice. Good amount of chicken, but  the rice was subpar. It looked good in color but the flavor wasn't quite there. The rice was a bit undercooked. For drinks, We ordered the malaysian iced tea. I thought it was too sweet, but she loved it. I had the malaysian iced coffee. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Overall i thought this place is okay. I think that we were just disappointed in our entrees. Everything else was pleasant though.
So the food is stupendous, first time trying Malaysian food and I was very impressed by the tastes and the combination of spices. Absolutely a must-have cuisine. One thing that was a tad disappointing is that all the courses were brought out at pretty much the same time, appetizers and soup and the main dishes. By the time you finish savoring one dish, the others are cold. The dishes were great even cold, but it would have been nice to eat them while they were hot.
Perhaps it's not fair to judge a restaurant based on their takeout, but we were pretty disappointed. The mee goreng noodles were the only decent thing we got. The roti canai tasted like paper and the curry was way watered down. The sambal shrimp were gross- very fishy and not in a hot drag queen way. The nasi lemak was just ok. The Malaysian I had in Minnesota was better than Nyonya. C'mon NYC... That's pathetic to be outdone by Minneapolis. Ps, I've been to Malaysia 3 times, and Nyonya pales in comparison.
I've never been to the restaurant, but have been mooching off my roommate's seamlessweb long enough to be able to vouch for Nyonya. The brown (the super-precise term for it, I know) seafood noodle and the coconut rice are amazing! No, seriously, I could live off that coconut rice for months.
For some reason, I don't know where to find good Malaysian food in LA, so I gotta fly all the way to NY to get some! Just like how I remembered it years ago, this place is AWESOME!!!! Love the roti canai, love the hainan chicken. For the deliciousness of the food and the price, this has got to be one of the best deals in Manhattan!
You know that apprehension you get when you are about to try a new restaurant of some food you hold near and dear to your heart...and gut. You're afraid because you know what the dishes should taste like, and you know how all too often do people open up a restaurant and slap the words "authentic (insert nationality here) cuisine," and it doesn't even come close. Frequently you're disappointed, even less are you just satisfied, and rarely do you find yourself saying it's on par with the original. Well if you hadn't guessed from the 5 stars (I just realized I'm a pretty tough grader...snob ha!) Nyonya is all that and a bowl of laksa. After living in Singapore (land of all things food) my hopes were extremely high to say the least.While you can get Chinese or Thai food wherever you go in NYC, Malaysian fare seems to be a bit trickier. Most searches for this cuisine tends to fall under some obscure "pan-asian" title where chow fun, sushi and padthai are all on the same menu. Nestled on the cusp of Chinatown  Little Italy, Nyonya is a beautiful example of the marriage of Malay-Chinese cuisine and the hustle of New York City streets. I wanted to get a whole bunch of dishes but of course when you eat with either picky or allergy prone eaters. this isn't always possible. All the same, I was able to taste a little bit of everyone's food.I ordered quintessential Malaysia, roti canai  Nasi Lemak. A little thinner than what you would get in Asia, the roti was still amazing. That along with the chicken curry sauce used for dipping is truly a dish I could live off of for the rest of my life. As for the nasi lemak, think a mound of coconut rice served with chilli anchovy, hardboiled egg, a pickled vegetable mango concoction and of course kari ayam. While I don't eat egg or fish (half of the damn dish I know!) I just ordered as is and had a friend handle those side dishes. I can report back that both the egg and the fish were excellent. Nyonya was a pleasant surprise. Fantastic food, very friendly service (the Thai guy serving us was especially funny when he would ask us if we liked it...it sounded like he was coming on to us-- "Yeah, you like that!?"...but I digress) Nyonya is definitely a must visit for anyone craving those flavors from the Malaysian peninsula. Because I'm always hopping on the bus to Beantown in Chinatown it's great to know that this place exists. Nyonya, you've won me over and have a new fan. I'll be back...sooner, rather than later. Selamat Makan (Happy Eating!)
4 stars for its consistency and having some of my favorite dishes. Having worked in a job where a $25 seamless dinner was part of my daily life- Nyonya quickly became one of my go-to restaurants. Everything was so affordable and you could easily get dinner and lunch for the next day. The only downside is that after a year of ordering Nyonya at least once a week- I've quickly discovered that I'm really only drawn by a handful of dishes. The rest are just so-so..Roti Canai- amazing dish but definitely deserves to be eaten in store. The flakiness and freshness is definitely lost in the delivery process.Hainan chicken - absolutely my favorite. I've never gone to nyonya or ordered from them without getting this dish. Whether you get it over rice or simply 1/4 or 1/2 of the chicken, it's always fresh and has a great taste. Make sure you ask for extra sauce if you get delivery. The little container of soy sauce is never enough for me! Pair this with the chicken broth rice and it's even better!Chicken/Beef curry- Delicious and savory. Beware that the chicken is on the bone, but I personally think that makes it even better. While both are good...i'd have to say chicken curry wins in my book!Fresh Coconut drink- great price and one of the only places I've found on seamless where they will literally deliver a coconut to you! :) much better than the prepackaged coconut water you can buy.
Roti Canai and Shrimp Puffs are awesome. Mango Shrimp was relatively good as well, but a bit too sour in my opinion. Chicken Satay was good, but not my cup of tea. The decor is nice and dimly lit, and the waiters are very attentive.
Wow the service was awful. My party walked in right when the restaurant was opening so of course the place was empty. Yet we stood there for 5 minutes before the waiter reading his newspaper at the cashier counter even noticed us. After we decided what we wanted to order, we experienced the awkwardness of waving our hands high up in the air in an empty restaurant as the waiter was just hanging out by the cashier counter, not noticing us at all. Finally we ordered and got our food. But while we weren't even close to done, the waiter gave us our check. Yet the restaurant was still damn empty!The roti canai here isn't amazing. It was too thin, too flaky, and too crispy that it was like eating paper..I was disappointed. But then I had the prawn nee noodle soup, which was so amazingly good, I began to see why they had all those acclaimed reviews from Zagat. Unfortunately, my party, one who had some spicy chicken with rice, and the other with tom yum noodle soup, wasn't very impressed.I conclude that this place is a hit or miss so definitely go for the dishes that are popular here. Service is pretty cold and unattentive, making the dining experience here uncomfortable.
Tasty Malaysian Food?  Check!I like this place well quite frankly b/c it's cheap, good food, just the right amount (not way too much or not enough) and it's tasty!I've been here a handful of times before it moved across the street.  Pineapple Fried Rice.  That's where it's at!  And the Hayanese Chicken on rice - not bad either.I like it!
I can't believe I haven't review Nyonya especially since I've been coming here for at least 12 yrs.  It is my go to place in Chinatown and especially for Malaysian food.  The food and service have not changed one bit although it's at a newer location across the street with better and bigger decor. My staple dishes are roti canai, satay tofu, spicy thai chicken with their chicken rice, seafood scrambled egg chow fun with the jalapeno soy sauce on the side and asam laksa soup.  If you want a dessert, I would suggested Chendol or the ABC ice.  I would also recommend for beverages the soya bean with grass jelly, Malaysian/Thai ice tea or coffee, or one of their fruit drinks like Lychee.Great prices, good amount of food, fast service, and good for groups!!I heart nyonya!!!
A reliable Malaysian restaurant.  We have been here numerous times and tried various dishes with little disappointment. The menu is diverse so it takes a bit to navigate.  One thing we noticed is that the portions are a little inconsistent and tend to be on the smaller side usually.
Honestly, not all it's cracked up to be if you've tried other Malaysian or Thai restaurants. We had the roti canai, which is always good no matter where you go. For entrees we had the nasi lemak, which is coconut rice with chicken and anchovy. It was ok but the portion was small for the price and not as spicy as it should have been. We had the spicy Thai chicken, which was really the deal breaker because it was cold (upon inquiry that told us it was meant to be at "room temperature") and downright bland. Not spicy. The beers we had, Tiger and singha, we're ok. All in all, was just ok, nothing fantastic.
After the first experience, I'm definitely a fan.My friend and I were walking in the neighborhood exploring Chinatown and Little Italy and we stumble upon this restaurant that was nearly packed at around 7:30. We walked in and were immediately greeted by a host who quickly seated  us. We looked around and everyone seemed to be having a great time. People laughing and drinking. Hustle and Bustle waiters and bussers.We got to enjoy the chic decor of intimate lighting and clean atmosphere. Awesome find in Chinatown that has a tendency to be a little dirtier than most places in NYC.Anyways, we ordered the Roti Canai that was absolutely delicious. We wanted to order more, but we had to hold ourselves back so that we could try all of the other delicious looking things on the menu. For our "entrees" we ordered four dishes. 1. Beef Rendang: OMG beef was melt in your mouth good and the sauce was a little spicy that gave it a little kick.2. Duck with Scallion and Ginger Rice : also melt in your mouth amazing. My friend LOVED the sauce and put it all over her rice.3. Crispy Golden Fried Squid : which was perfect crispiness and spice.4. Salted Fish with Chinese Broccoli : pretty standard, but still yummy.Overall, the taste of the food was absolutely yummy. The presentation of the food was alright. (standard stir fry and just put on a plate) The service was alright. It was a little difficult to get the waiters attention, but once we did, the speed at which the helped us was amazing.We had a great experience.Grade : A-
no wait to be seated, but gruff service and one order forgotten. roti canai was delicious, but it always is--I'm not sure how you can ruin curry and roti. I ordered the duck ginger noodles and was impatiently hassled when I hesitated between 'dry' or 'soup'. I panicked and chose dry, but highly regretted it when a dish of fried, thin noodles in a gloppy soup emerged from the kitchen. the duck was meaty and well seasoned, but the texture did not remind me of duck. hopefully it's not a...non-traditional animal, as close to Chinatown as we are. my friends loved it though, so maybe it's just me. I usually prefer lighter fare.
Honestly, this was my first time trying Malaysian food and two of the four dishes that I ordered were just amazing. The Hainanese chicken and roti canai was the best things that I ordered their. The chicken literally melts in your mouth and the rice was packed with flavor. The roti canai was flaky and the curry dip was rich. I'll definitely go back order those two dishes.
I was glad just to get out of the pouring rain and into shelter. This place is nicely decorated and there's plenty of room/tables so you don't have to worry about sharing a table with another party. ha!Started off with the Roti Canai - addicting! Soft and thin crepe-like pancakes with delicious curry sauce. Yum. I had the Famous Chicken Noodle soup which was satisfying since I was freezing from the rain. Good place to go if you are craving Malaysian, which my friend was.
I went there for my birthday dinner from a good friend's suggestion. The decor is typical of your Chinese-owned Malaysian cuisine around the city, wooden walls and ceilings cover the inside with a makeshift 'bridge' area that I did not notice until my friend mentioned it.Note: Cash only, no credit cards accepted.Sorry for the shoddy pictures, I didn't bring my camera and this was all from a camera phone.As with all Malaysian restaurants, an order of the roti canai is a must. We each ended up ordering our own. At $3.25a pop, it's pretty resonable by tourist standards, however many other restaurants are usually $1 cheaper. The bread very thin and crispy, just the way I like it. Served with a mild curry sauce, its my favorite dish there. Best part is, if you go in really hungry this is the fastest appetizer, it usually takes them two minutes to bring it out. Second is the sauteed noodles (#2 under the noodle menu) I loved the texture of their thick noodles with dark soy sauce. I can simply have this alone as the entree. A spicy sauce is provided on the side to be used with discretion.We decided to venture out of the norm and ordered the crabs dish. Priced at $15 I had high expectations. Perhaps it would be large crabs or a large quantity of it. But neither was true, it was your typical 'Chinatown crabs' seen at any seafood store. The crabs were small and meatless, but Nyonya is not completely at fault since this is not the season for crabs. I was impressed by the way they cooked it because it rendered the meat extremely flavorful. Chinese families like mine usually steam them and eat with some vinegar on top. I would definitely try it again when it's the correct season. A suggestion would be to serve two more crabs for the dish as these are pretty inexpesive crabs.Finally theres the seafood fried rice. I mean fried rice is fried rice, it's pretty difficult to screw that up. They used a nice quality rice that's not soft, maybe its the Thailand Three Elephant brand but I doubt it. Nontheless, it wasn't bad.It got pretty busy at 8 on a Tuesday night. When my group finished our tea, we asked the waiter for some more. But 15 minutes passed and he obviously forgot,so we called another waiter noting that our tea kettle is empty, she promptly brought us more tea.Positives: Price, selectionNegatives: Service, could get slow at the busy hours. Typical dirtybathroom.For more reviews on other places to eat in Chinatown, check out my blog
Too dark inside and tables are placed close together.Crispy noodles - very nice, nasi lemak - so-so and prata - fluffy. Popiah was no good. Soggy, tasted mostly of bean sprouts (豆芽) and whoever puts the chili and sweet sauce on top?Ordered extra coconut rice, it took forever to arrive.Cash only. Seriously? Had to trudge to the atm to get $.
I enjoy the Malaysian food here. One of my only complaints is the sometimes excruciatingly slow service- perhaps exacerbated by the high volume of take-out business.
This restaurant has a new location, just cross street to the old one. The new place is clean and neat, very inviting! When we sat down, the waitress gave us two menus. The one in my hands was full of stunning pictures but no descriptions and prices. The one in my friend's hands was in non-graphic version but with detailed descriptions as well as prices. It took us 20 minutes to figure out which is which and what we wanted to order. Good research and team-work exercise. It made me miss school already!Dishes we ordered were generally great! However, the oyster omelette is something will disappoint you. With a can of oyster and two eggs, everyone can cook it.
I come here for my dose of Hainanese chicken rice. The rice should be more fragrant but it's still delicious. The roti canai is small but makes for a great appetizer.
I order the curry chicken.  When I got my dish, I notice the bones were missing the color of the chicken was off.  I thought maybe I got really really really grey meat.  However the curry sauce was good and overall the dish was enjoyable.One of my friends got the steamed chicken.  I am not sure what everyone is talking about but it is pretty much the standard steamed chicken with the same sauce.  We were pretty disappointed with the dish.  Skip the dish and go with a more favorable dish.Only when I finally got my bill, I notice the waiter enter my order wrong.  The weird chicken turned out to be beef.  Then I was like no wonder it tasted so weird.  However the beef was very tender and cooked pretty well.
I don't care how decent their food is. I never give restaurants one star-- that's just harsh. But not this time. This time. OOH. Nyonya, you're going to get it.When I thought Nyonya's sister chain in eighth avenue had bad service, I had no idea how much worse this restaurant's service would be. It was cramped, chaotic, loud. Servers are stumbling around, spilling drinks everywhere, speaking in informal Chinese, not paying mind to anything around them.  If I'm going to pay for a Manhattan priced meal, don't talk to me like I'm in a fried dumpling joint. We're squished into this ridiculously tiny table-- all our 10+ guests, to the point where we cannot prop both elbows on the table without overlapping each other. The table's filthy, and they never changed our teas, even though we had attempted to flag them down multiple times. I'm never coming here again. In my eyes, the Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown trumps this one any day.
In the mood for some roti canai, I ran over for dinner after a great Yelp event at Nolita Mart. I looked like an idiot walking with a friend over to the restaurant because it was mysteriously closed down. However, a kind pedestrian saw us staring at the sign confused and kindly pointed out that the restaurant was actually right across the street. Awkward.The roti canai is obviously a must order appetizer. It does not come with much so if you are a huge fan, order one for each person.The Chow Keuh Teow is stir fried noodles with shrimp and the waitress commented that it was her favorite. The dish was a bit greasy for me, but really good otherwise and a big portion.I definitely will be returning to grab a cheap meal and get a bit more ambitious with the menu.
Recently had their seafood fried rice while working late at the office. IT WAS LIKE EATING THE OCEAN and there were so many sea animals in it. If you love fried rice and seafood weeeeeelllllll, ORDER IT!
I get the same things here every time I go. Because they are that good (and consistent)Roti Canai, Mee Siam, Crispy Golden Fried Squid, and Poh Pia rolls. I love this place. It's the restaurant I choose to go to on my birthday. Given all the great places in NYC, that is saying a lot. I only wish the one's in Brooklyn were as good as the one in Chinatown.Service is quick and sort of no-frills. But it is the food that makes it.
My go - to place whenever I have visitors from different states. Very delicious food and service isn't too bad  This place is a good spot to bring a big group of friends and/or a nice place to have lunch date with your beloved!
Must order: roti canai with curry sauce (top notch!), coconut rice (the taste is subtly fragrant and not too heavy), crispy golden fried squid (superbly delicious!), kangkung belacan (which tasted sooo authentic), and a nice fresh coconut--which after you finished the water, you could scoop the sweet, soft coconut meat up.
Went to Nyonya on a rainy night in Manhattan (Little Italy). It was very crowded, but we were all seated quickly. The waitresses were pleasant, but preoccupied as the place was bustling, and they had to attend to a lot of tables, which I didn't mind. For starters, we had the Roti Prata (Indian pancake) which  was good. I don't think you can mess that up unless you intended to - I'm never disappointed. For an appetizer, we had the Baby Oyster Omelette - excellent! My entre was the Clay Pot Noodle - noodles, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, squid, egg, mushroom, corn, carrot and snow peas. This is my "go to" dish at any Malaysian restaurant, and I always love it as I did here at Nyonya. Prices are very reasonable. Note: cash only!
This place was awesome and is one of our regular favorites. For solid Malaysian food, come check this place out now!They just redid their interior and it looks more modern and updated than before, with a bit more seating.Watch out at night, there will most likely be a line! Last time for a group of 6 we waited about 20 minutes, but it was worth it!Their recent renovation was definitely needed! The entire restaurant feels more spacious and welcoming (and with better decor, too!).Thai Iced Tea [$3.25] --Not a bad start to the meal! Refreshing and well made, and not overpoweringly sweet.Fresh Coconut Drink [$4.25] -- If you've ever paid 2 dollars for coconut water from Whole Foods, you'll probably want to try this! I personally think this tastes better, and is a whole lot more fun to drink. The waiter can take the coconut to the back for you and cut it so you can get at the meat inside, but if you're content with an ice cold drink, you can leave it at that!Home Made Roti Canai [$3.50] -- Crispy style pancake  curry chicken dipping sauce. Absolutely delish! The curry dipping sauce is not too spicy, and we always enjoy the 1 or 2 little nuggets of chicken or potato you get. The pancake is thin and crispy but still a little chewy so you can pull it apart. Everything put together is foodie heaven. This never really seems to fill me up, which is dangerous, because I could probably eat a dozen orders of this.Beef Rendang [$13.95] -- Tender pieces of beef simmered with spices (cinnamon, cloves). When we heard cinnamon and cloves were involved, we didn't get too excited. Luckily, our friend Ben ordered this dish (it's one of his favorites) and we got to try it out! It's a little bit spicy and the beef is so tender! Although I guess I could taste a hint of cloves, that certainly wasn't the only spice in this dish, and I couldn't even detect the cinnamon. There's a lot going on in this dish in a very good way.Satay Chicken [$6.95] -- Marinated chicken or beef on skewers, charcoal grilled to perfection and served with peanut sauce. Yum! Pretty standard satay chicken with familiar flavors, but nevertheless well done. A good start to any meal, and the peanut dipping sauce was awesome!Beef Chow Fun [$6.75] -- Stir-fried flat noodles in a special sauce with beef, onion, scallion and bean sprouts. Honestly, this is one of the best beef chow funs I've had for less than $7. A lot of the stuff in Chinese restaurants around me cost $9-10 and the noodles are swimming in oil (not to mention they don't taste anywhere near as good as these!). What else is there to say? The noodles and beef have that smoky flavor from the hot pan, and the dish as whole is just delish!Chicken Rice [$1.25] -- A bit hard to describe, although I guess it could simply be white rice cooked with chicken broth instead of water. The flavor is nice, and this is a very good alternative to plain white rice (which I don't enjoy all that much). Also, if you're interested, be sure to check out their coconut rice, which is pretty awesome as well.Fried Pearl Noodle [$6.75] --Stir-fried noodles in a special sauce with shrimp, squid, chicken, pork, egg, onion, scallion  bean sprouts. Another great noodle dish for under $7! Although it looks a little spicy when it comes to you, it's really not at all. These noodles are smoky, salty, and served piping hot, and for those of you who aren't squid fans it can be ordered without. We highly recommend this one!Prawn Mee [$6.75] -- Egg noodles, shredded pork, shrimp, vegetable, bean sprouts in a spicy shrimp broth. Whoa! This prawn mee hit it out of the park for me. Our friend Clarice, a native of Chinatown, has declared Nyonya's Prawn Mee as her absolute favorite! The broth can only be described as intense. Literally, it tastes so intensely of shrimp and seafood that your mouth never knew what hit it. Again, it look deceptively spicy, but not so much that you can't handle it. Honestly, most of the red color is due to the shrimp from the broth. Awesome awesome awesome dish! Our only complaint is that when the noodles are all gone and you're left with soup all by itself, it's a little too salty to enjoy.Chow Kueh Teow [$6.75] -- Malaysian stir fried flat rice noodles with shrimp, chive, squid, bean sprouts, eggs, soy sauce and chili paste. As you can tell, we have a thing for noodles. This one was chock full of shrimp, so obviously we loved it! It's not very "saucy" like some of our other entrees, so some may prefer to add soy sauce. Either way, it's got good flavor and it's prepared well. We recommend it!
love this place. one of the best malay restaurant in the city.
I love the roti prata with curry.  Great Malaysian restaurant and excellent price.  Lunch specials are only $6.50.  Dinner with 4ppl ordered 6-8 items only $20pp.  Great value for the $ and flavors.
Delicious, fresh, authentic Malaysian food.  Friendly, chill,  clean.
This place is absolutely incredible - We had 7 of us meet when I was back in town and the staff was very helpful with getting us seated despite 3 people not being there yet. Wow, that never happens. I will preface this by saying that I let my friends Sara and Yonah order as they had been here before so I can't rattle off the items but every single one ....was amazing. All the noodles were perfectly made, not bland. The roti is  MUST ORDER as were the spring rolls. We had about 12 different dishes brought to us and we all ate until we were stuffed. We ordered fried ice cream which by the way, 1 order  is enough for 3 people. The scoop of ice cream is HUGE and it comes with fried banana and other fried fruits to mix in with the ice cream. I obviously finished it but it was beyond necessary. I just really enjoyed every single bite. You gotta eat here.For eating all that food and dessert and having a beer or two with dinner the total damage was roughly 25-30 per person. UNBELIEVABLE.I will be back
What can I say about a place that takes 10 minutes to deliver the menus to a customer's table?  I visited this place on 9/15/2012 and was seated at a table promptly. Then time stood still . Server after server walked across the aisle to see my raised hand, only to look away. After 10 minutes I applied my skills of flagging down a NYC taxi  to this place only to have a server tell me.. " You are not serious, are you?" Upon hearing a reply in affirmative he "promptly" came back with a menu in another 5 minutes. After that I could see him point towards my table and having a good laugh with a couple of other servers. Hmm, that's when I thought, is this why we have a hold up on the menus...Thoughts went back to Louie Season III with Louie in the Electronic Shop, thoughts further went back to a episode from Seinfeld "It will be 5, 10 minutes"!  Point here, I had so much time to think about these episodes.I left without ordering but not without thanking the manager for a fantastic service. Avoid is the word if you are like me who values service and ambiance as much as the food. Btw, why shouldn't you? If you don't then order on Seamless or Grubhub. You can eat in your PJs.  I hope I gave you some food for thought. Nyonya: You rock but in a bizarro world!
Really reasonable and delicious Malaysian food.  Tasty, hearty food and an excellent Roti Cani.  Fast service and cheap.  Cash only.  I would go back asap.  Large portions.
Excellently authentic Asian food. Had the tom yum soup, which had the right amount of spice. Nice and quiet atmosphere too. Will definitely come back!
Two words come to mind - Nyonya business!! Sorry, that's irrelevant. CASH ONLYI came expecting much better based on the 4 star average review. And after learning that they have multiple locations, I'm concerned with how they were able to expand to different locations when the quality of food is this subpar. The roti canai was overly greasy. The curry noodle soup was uninspiring. The LONE dish that was acceptable was the Hainanese chicken. The quarter order was definitely enough for two to share but required the additional order of rice. The chicken broth rice sounded interesting enough, and certainly had a lot of flavor.So unless you're trying the chicken, head a couple blocks further into Chinatown for something more authentic.
This restaurant was a good intro to Malaysian food. Its a little cleaner than most and has a staff that is understanding of first timers. Their food is what inspired me to continue eating Malaysian and continue eating it I did! If you like this place and are ready for a small dingy looking authentic experience try "Taste good Malaysian" in Elmhurst, its not only great Malaysian food its simply just great food!
Great Malaysian restaurant in chinatown! Love their roti and the Sarang Burong (taro dish).
From the several dozen "Zagat Rated!" and "Traveler's Guide #1" etc stickers in Nyona's front window, I was expecting to be blown away. Some of the items were good (like the fresh coconut drink! A MUST if you go here) but on the whole everything just seemed a little...lacking. My on-the-line, could-go-either way opinion was pushed towards the less favorable when the server put down our check while we were still eating our entrees. Because we had wanted to try the ABC desert (a shaved ice concoction sprinkled with corn  and with surprise bits of gelatin and candied coconut inside---a culinary... adventure), we had to ask the server to give a new check and place the order, which ended up being unnecessarily awkward.
I've been here many times! Each dish is jam-packed with great flavors.  Dishes you have to try: roti canai, nyonya kari ayam, and the shrimp puffs.  I love their watermelon-lychee drink as well.  Service is great and the prices are even greater!  It's really hard to beat these prices in NYC.
My husband and I frequent Singapore, so we've had our fair share of authentic Singaporean/Malaysian food. We saw this place and decided to give it a try, as the menu options and pictures from fellow Yelp users looked pretty good.Granted, I didn't order much, but I felt like I didn't need to order a lot to be able to tell whether the food would be good or not. We ordered the Roti Canai and the Mee Siam. The Roti Canai was done well, and the texture had a great elasticity to it without being overly oily or dry. The sauce wasn't bad, but it tasted a bit flat. It needed more spices in the mix, and less milk.The disappointing dish was the Mee Siam. First off, Mee Siam is supposed to be thicker rice noodles, not rice sticks. The rice sticks in this instance were overcooked and too soft and mushy. Plus it looked like they were the bottom pieces where the noodles are already broken apart and not even in long strands! The sauce was not good, and there were barely any onions or tofu.Yeah, the price isn't bad, but the quality is not good. I was thoroughly disappointed, as I thought the place would be at least similar to the Mee Siam I had in SG. Definitely not coming back, even for the Roti Canai.
i love this place. price is not expensive. I love their tom yum soup so good. Not to spicey nor sour its just perfect. salt and pepper squid is good as well. indian pan cakes good as well one thing bad about this place they should do Credit cards ESP when its on the heart of chinatown.
So fast, so delicious, so cheap. ...What are you waiting for???But really. I love Malaysian food, and this is authentic and well-prepared. I'm starving just thinking about the rontung beef. Next time, I'll go back with even more people to try more food. The service is also excellent, on top of all that. WIN!
Had a birthday dinner here a few months ago, and all was wonderful. Went back this past weekend with a small group and all was wonderful again!Highly recommended: rice cakes, coconut rice (though some at the table preferred the chicken broth rice), stringray wrapped in banana leaf, princess tofu...everyone also seemed to enjoy the ribs (but i wasn't blown away).Order a few entrees and do it family style.. you won't be disappointed!Oh, and SO cheap, too!cash only, but ATM is a few steps away, to your right.
One of my favorite restaurants in this neighborhood.  I can't believe it's taken me so long to post this review.  My usual go to dishes are their Hainanese chicken and rice along with the stir fried kangkung = YUMMMMMMMersTheir roti canai is huge.  Their stir fried noodles were also good and so was their shredded chicken noodles except there wasn't much chicken. The noodles were nice and soft.  Also had their noodle soup with seafood which was better than the last noodle soup I tried.Service is typical for any Asian restaurant...they seat you, bring you water and food.  You have to flag them down if you want anything else.  I could honestly care less, as long as they continue to bring out consistently delicious dishes.  Wait get pretty crazy during peak dinner time though FYI.
I like Nyonya. I like it because they offer a lot on their menu and even though not all of them are perfect, it still tries very hard to satisfy everyone. At the end, sometimes it's the thought that counts (to a reviewer like me anyway).There are some staples in Malaysian food that I grew up with and remember fondly. I remember loving roti canai and Hainanese chicken. However, the ones offered here just doesn't live up to what I remembered. The bread of the roti canai was perfect, my gripe is with the curry...measly little bowl with a couple of pieces of potatoes. The flavor was good but it didn't live up to my memories. The one I had in the past was a bowl filled with all sorts of ingredients steeped in curry, the dish itself can be a meal.Then there's the Hainanese chicken, a really skimpy portion with bland meat. Where's the succulent plump chicken with a lovely brothy flavor even without the soy sauce? Am I expecting too much here? Tell me I'm crazy.The one thing I did enjoy when I was there last time was the fresh coconut juice. The novelty of sipping a fresh coconut and then having them split it open in halves so that you can scrape the fruit out of the shell as dessert with a spoon was just super fun.I will still go try more dishes that other reviewers have mentioned. I've tried the noodles but they all ended up tasting too oily. Perhaps next time I will just go for the big boys and get the chef's specialties.
Be prepared to wait in line when coming here for dinner!Tucked into a street that borders both Chinatown and Little Italy, this restaurant seems to be a popular destination for many people. Be prepared to wait in line just for a little while. This restaurant has a lot of space, and the turnaround can be quite quick. Just a few things I'd like to note:- A/C is blasting on high in this place! Nice reprieve from the summer heat.- While the dishes can be shared family-style, I recommend getting one dish per person - the prices are cheap, but the portions are smaller than what we're used to from other Chinatown restaurants- Try the sizzling plates - much larger portion, and they're so delicious- The mango pudding is not up to par - it tasted like watered down mango powder gelatin. All in all, everyone in our group of 6 enjoyed our dinner here. However, in my opinion, I've definitely had better.
After a long cold and rainy day of shopping in soho, my friends and I were looking for a nice restaurant nearby that wasn't too pricey and had good food. Came across Nyonya on yelp and decided to go there. Nothing like spicey malaysian food to keep you warm on a cold and rainy December night! Got a table right away when we got there, wasn't too busy, but we ate early... around 5. Waiters were helpful, suggested items on the menu to us. Food came out fast! The place did get busy and more people came in as the night moved on, and I can tell why, food was tasty, fast service, and decent prices. A good find! We got striped bass that was cooked in this broth called the "house special." It was tangy and spicy, really different but tasty. This place was a good find and glad we went there!
Before I start, I had to mentioned that yes...all these dishes were ordered and eaten by 4 people. Judge us how you will (as fatties or foodies), but all I can say is that this is comfort food so we didn't hold back on ordering anything!Ever since I started dating my bf, I've had a love for Malaysian food. Coming to New York, a good Malaysian restaurant was definitely a must and we found ourselves here. They weren't very busy when we came, and food came out quickly. Here is the list of items we ordered:Crispy Golden Fried Squid: When this came out, it wasn't what I expected. The squids were lightly fried, however they had a nice peppery-spicy taste that made it deliciousRoti Canai: Light, fluffy pancake and I thought their curry dipping sauce was delicious. Much better than the ones I've had in Houston.Kang Kung Balachan: Water spinach with shrimp paste and chili sauce. This has been one of my favorite Malaysian dishes, and Nyonya did not disappoint. Savory and delicious, I literally ate the entire plate before my bf and his family realized it was disappearing fast! Whoops! Bean Sprouts with Salted Fish: Cooked nicely and good. I didn't get to eat much of this as I was constantly chowing down on the Kang Kung.Chow Kueh Teow: One of my favorite Malaysian noodle dishes, but I wasn't really a fan of Nyonya's. It had a nice wok, stir fried taste, but it was just lacking in the other flavor departments.Curry Mee with Young Tau Foo: A substitute for Singaporean Laksa since they didn't have that on the menu. The noodles and broth were delicious with a rich taste, however I'm never a fan of bitter melon regardless if it's stuffed with fish paste. I'm very glad I didn't have to eat that piece and got and eggplant one instead!Nasi Lamek: Lastly, is the coconut rice with chili, curry chicken, anchovy and hard boiled egg. I really liked the curry chicken and the dish was good overall, however I was disappointed in the coconut rice as I've had others that were flavored better and more fragrant.Wow that was a pretty long list! Overall great food! Definitely hit my Malaysian food craving.
The best Malaysian restaurant in the city. I go there all the time and take all my friends there!! Love it. Highly recommend it.
Roti canai - yummmmmy. I found the roti a little oily- but overall its a tasty winner.Nasi Lemak - you can taste the coconut in the rice which was awesome. I know malay food is Chinese inspired but I felt like it was more of a Chinese dominated menu than Malay which was sad.Prices are really good- 2 entrees 2 drinks for 25ish not including tip? Can't get better than that.
I'll make this as simple as possible. It was my first time here with a friend and I ordered a pork dish from their lunch specials, she had some noodle dish and ordered 2 roti's:1- Roti pretty good (avg)2- Her dish was slightly bland but ok to et3- My pork was SO bad that I actually lost my appetite (my friend would agree). I am never one to pass up food. Every and anyone that knows me knows that I eat almost anything when it comes to food. This was the FIRST time in my life that I left pretty much the entire plate of food untouched. Since I am a man of different flavors, I will try this place again. BUT I will NEVER eat the pork. Almost seem like the pork was bad and they tried to cover it up with sour BBQ sauce. BleH...
Came here with some out-of-towners who were visiting.  Didn't know much about it, but Yelp guided me here.Service was a bit lax, but I thought the food was delicious.  I picked up an interesting sounding squid dish which I loved.  The "safe" staples were a bit bland though.  For example, two people at the table who were a bit shy on food picked up pad thai and a chicken soup.  Both were a bit weak on flavor, but perhaps Nyonya does this on purpose so people like that won't be bombarded with something they're not accustomed to.Overall a nice establishment.
Nice place, yummy food, great staffs and *** especially  owner's son is very friendly. So, call me maybe ;*) ?      - JW
I've been here for a few times over the years. Only the Roti Canai and Hainan Chicken were consistently good. Other items on the item could be hit-or-miss. My recent visit was such an unpleasant experience that I don't think I will go back again. My husband and I were seated next to a table of four, who kept throwing used napkins or tissue papers onto the floor. I felt that I was sitting in a field of paper-made ping pong balls. It was disgusting, and no waiter or manager did anything to stop this situation. I couldn't even eat in an environment like this, so we ended up wrapping up everything and left.
Like spicy, Asian food? This is the place to be! The food is deliciously spicy and reasonably priced. I was able to try the "Homemade Roti Canai," "Duck with ginger and scallions with rice," "Crispy Golden Fried Squid," and the "Pad Thai."The pad thai was great with just enough spiciness to tickle your lips. The noodles were nice and slightly chewy, and the sauce was unlike other pad thai sauces I've tasted, but tasty nonetheless. I really like the addition of Thai basil to the dish.The duck... was... well... DUCK! I really think you could just put duck over a fire without any accompaniments and it would still taste great. The sauce did go well with the duck. It had a deep, ducky flavor (which you can't go wrong with). Some of that sauce and rice alone would be killer.It's hard to go wrong with roti, and I assume it's hard to make roti bad tasting. I will say that I expected more of it, but for $3.50, I suppose it was a reasonable amount. I was impressed, however, with the fact that this roti was not overbearingly oily. At other places, I usually have enough oil on my fingers to change car oil, leave awkward dark marks on clothes,  and leave enough fingerprints to incriminate me for a crime I didn't even commit. Oil like this just suffocates my face as it comes out through my pores. But not this roti, which was both airy and light.The crispy golden fried squid threw me off for a bit. What was crispy about the squid was not the entire squid piece itself, but the outer layer. The inner layer of squid was cooked well- not too chewy and not feeling like it came right out of the ocean covered in slime. It wasn't like calamari, which is crisp and crunchy throughout. It's an interesting texture that did surprise me a little, but I ended up liking it.The service was quick, the cooking was quick, and in general there was little waiting. They did forget a small request, and I did have to ask for it twice, which isn't a problem as much as it is a small annoyance. I mean... come on... how hard is it to get a fork? Oh well...In short:Homemade Roti Canai : ADuck with rice: APad Thai: ACrispy Golden Fried Squid: B+ or A-Service: A-Price: A- or A
This was a 4 stars for me before, but it gets bumped up to 5 stars since they've moved their location across the street into a new, CLEAN (hope it stays that way), and spacious spot.  Pretty modern too, compared to other restaurants in the area.  I've thought so before, and still think so now... it's the best malaysian place I've been to in NYC and the prices keep me happy.  I love their roti canai, fried pearl noodles, and hainanese chicken.
The Malaysian food here is great.  A lot of classic Malay and chinese dishes that were all pretty good.  The roti here is a must order, nice and crispy and served with a nice curry sauce.  The beef rendang mentioned in a lot of dishes is pretty good as well, the meat is tender and the curry sauce is tasty.  The hainanese chicken was good as well, but you have to order the rice on the side.  Flavors are subtle, but it is definitely a nice dish.  Singapore noodles here are not what I typically expect, but that was good as well.  A  nice surprise was that they have one of my favorite chinese dishes, pork belly served with preserved veggies (mui choy kau yuk).  The belly tender and fatty of course, and the soy based sauce is tasty.  Definitely one of my favorite dishes.
Came in here by myself at about 4pm on a weekday and it was empty. Been wanting to come here for a while and have seen it packed at times. It is a big menu, with a lot of fusion going on. I had had an appetizer elsewhere and went straight to a main course of Sambal shrimp. It was good but not great. I was expecting a spicier sauce and a few of the shrimp didn't look too good. Also, there was an over abundance of bell peppers. The service was standard Chinatown, meaning efficient, but not overly friendly. My first experience here didn't win me over, but there are other things on the menu I would be back to try.
A friend of mine recommended us to try out this place. It might be not my taste but also not that good for the high rated. Id been to many restaurants and try out many different kind of foods. I dont usually give review, especially the bad one. But im very disappointed with my dish. Lobster(is my all time fav) but i couldnt finish even half even tho i left my empty stomach to come here with exciting for highly recommended place, not fresh and too salty. Somehow ruin my dinner.2 stars for the salt fish fry rice.
What a great restaurant! Awesome food and great prices. I will definitely come back next time I'm in NYC. The Roti Canai is a must have. I had the Duck Noodle Soup and that had great flavor. So happy.
I am okay with this place. My fiance who grew up in Singapore attested to the authenticity of the food and no doubt it was a slice of home for her. However nothing we ordered really jumped at me.We got the roti, henan chicken, laksa... everything was A-OK at an OK price. For anyone who doesn't frequently eat oriental food I guess the food is kind of exotic. But otherwise I'd just wait to visit the real deal in Singapore or even HK :)
I love Malaysian food, it's Sooo good. I usually order the Hainanese chicken with the chicken broth rice along with the Roti Canai (Indian pancake) appetizer. You can't go wrong with the Roti. The food here is great and the price is always right.
I came to Nyonya with my friend for dinner Tuesday night. I got seats first and waited for her for about 5 minutes or so and I was looking at the menu. Surprisingly, nobody asked if I wanted to order or if I needed anything yet. Anyways, my friend came and we looked at the menu for another 5 minutes and the waiter took our order.I ordered the Thai iced tea (and yes, a Thai drink at a Malaysian restaurant...lol). For my meal, I ordered the Seafood Egg Chow Fun. My friend ordered the rombutan iced drink and the Hainanese Chicken over Rice. We also ordered the roti canai to share. The drinks and roti canai came in a decent amount of time. Considering I haven't seen my friend in a long time, we spent a lot of time catching up so we probably didn't know it was taking long even if it did...haha. The roti canai was not good at all. It was crispy and crunchy and it falls apart when I touch it. I've had a lot better roti canai at other places like in Queens that are soft and crispy and doesn't fall apart! Not sure why when I have roti canai in Chinatown, they're not good at all!Anyways, my friend's Hainanese Chicken over Rice came about 10-15 minutes later. And we were waiting for my food and thought it was on its way right after my friend's dish came out. Nope! We waited another 15-20 minutes and the waitresses said twice that the Seafood Egg Chow Fun is coming. It was like deja vu again at another restaurant I was at and they kept saying it was coming. Anyways, we're thinking like this better be worth the wait. And guess what, it was the same as any other Malaysian restaurant. It's nothing new or special. It did taste good, don't get me wrong.I thought it was just us that felt like we were waiting for our food forever! No, the two other tables next to us on either side were taking forever to wait for their dessert and the other table was waiting for their first dish and kept asking for water they never got.Anyways, I really do not know how this restaurant got all those Zagat ratings for like the past like 10 years that is hung up on their wall in the entryway! And I definitely do not know how they got Michelin rating too! That is appalling! There are way better restaurants that deserve these ratings! And they may be small mom and pop shops, but the service is way better and the food is way better and cheaper too! This restaurant is overrated and I wouldn't recommend anyone to come here. It is a tourist trap given the number of tourists in this restaurant.
Okay, I really wish I remembered what we got, but we were doing it based off a friend's recommendation.. everything was so good! I bet if you look at yelp's most recommended, it'll be the same as what I got. Really, it was so good. Three of us ordered like five dishes and we finished everything. Definitely go go go! Hopefully you won't have to wait too long. It gets busy during dinner time!
CASH ONLY!Super affordable Malaysian resto with a TON of items on the menu (any kind of meat, chicken, veggie, tofu, noodle or rice dish that you'd want)! Def try the Roti everyone is suggesting, it's excellent. Got a tofu noodle veggie dish! LOVED it, though the tofu was a bit soft for my taste.Comfortable and casual inside and not at all touristy. Would love to go back and make my way through the expansive menu.
I've been here quite often and I try something new everytime.Things I like:Beef RendangRotiSatayIf you like Malaysian food, you'll like it here!
WOW I had no idea Chinatown had such great Malaysian food! My friend's been dying to take me here for so long and I can't believe we JUST went. I will definitely go back to try out... everything on the menu!Roti canai - EVERYONE gets this, it is like a thin piece of naan that you can dip in this great curry sauce. DELISH!!Seafood Tomyan - This soup was a little sour for me (just a personal thing. But everyone else liked this dish).Bean Curd in Casserole - Delicous!! This came in one of those pots that came over a flame and kept this dish nice and hot throughout the meal. So simple - tofu with shrimp  vegetables, but SO GOOD. I want to learn how to make this.Beef Rendang - so good! Soft tender beef in an amazing sauce.Duck with Ginger  Scallion over rice - Amazing!! I love duck but never really had it with anything more flavorful than hoisin sauce (for Peking duck). This restaurant is SO cheap for the amount  quality of food that you get. It's got great decor (unlike most Chinatown restaurants) and is great for a nice big meal with friends. I'll definitely come back!
My favorite Malaysian joint in NYC hands down!  Keow Teoh. Hainanese chicken. Beef Rendang, Nasi Goreng. Chendol.Just go.
I've never had Malaysian food before, so I wanted to give it a try.  I heard that it was a mix of Chinese, Malay and Indian food, and since I'm planning a trip to Malaysia this summer, why not?This place is smartly decorated.  It's modern, dark, and quite large.  Servers were talking in Chinese, and I know that a somewhat large percentage of Malays are ethnic Chinese.  I had the roti prata appetizer.  The pancake was OK.  It was neither thick nor buttery, even though the menu described it as such.  However, it was really hot to the touch, so it felt and tasted fresh.  The little bowl of chicken curry sauce was really good.  It reminded me of Vietnamese chicken curry.I also had the shrimp mee, which was good but not great.  The broth was very dark and a little too sweet for me.  However, it had a very strong shrimp paste taste to it, which I love.  I also asked for a chili sauce, and they gave me this vinegary chili that was truly amazing.Their menu is extensive, so I'm definitely coming back to try some more of their offerings.
Subpar ate here tonight been feeling sick since.The food was pretty greasy and nasty. I won't be ordering from here again. if your gonna eat this food go to the restaurant delivery didn't do it any favors.
This place is awesome! How come no one ever told me about this place before??I've never really had Malaysian food before so all the flavors were wonderfully new. Everything leans toward the seafood side so all you out there that don't do sea creatures, beware!I went with three friends and we got a shitload of food and managed to kill all of it. The dishes are not chinese-restaurant-huge but they aren't tiny either. Here's what we got:1. Roti Canai - everyone says this is the thing to get, and it is indeed delicious, but I think the Roti Telur, which we also got, was way more tasty. In both the curry sauce is awesomeness! I kind of just want to eat that with a bowl of the chicken broth rice which is insane on it's own.2. Hainanese Chicken - I've eaten the Chinese version of this dish a million times and I think this is way better. i'm not a huge fan of gamey chicken taste, so this one is nice cause it's mild. The sauce is yumz.3. Kang Kung Belacan - This is a chinese vegetable mixed with a shrimp paste. It's very fishy tasting in a good way. A tad too salty for my palate.4. Nyonya House Special Prawns - Tasty but not worth the $25 we shelled out for it. 5 giant prawns but also on the salty end of the spectrum.5. Beef Rendang - super tender beef in ridiculous sauceI can't wait to go back here! Service is okay. Space is pretty big. Noisy. Good for big parties.
this is my favorite malaysian restaurant. although portion gets much smaller than years ago, but the taste still meet up expectation. i usually order seafood with egg on mixed ho fan / rice noodlenasi lemakroti canaicurry beef / chickendeserts: abc, mo mo cha cha, sweet black rice my fd had hainanese chicken on rice, chicken looks delicious (i only eat hot food, it's a cold dish), but the soup is MSG soup.
Excellent lunch option in the middle of Chinatown/Little Italy. Food here is served fresh, hot and in large portions! I work nearby, so I've eaten here at least a half dozen times and I try to get something different each time. I'm very happy to say, EVERYTHING I've ordered from Nyonya (I still can't pronounce it properly) has been great! Especially the roti canai and the mango chicken! ******Important**********They are CASH ONLY*
Prawn mee is noodles and shrimp in a burst of flavor. If you're more adventurous try the Asam laksa noodles. It's a bit tangier and a variation of the prawn mee.
Roti Canai is the best... very much like paratha  chicken curry from the state of kerala in India!!Nyonya Kari Ayam is the chicken dish which is very much like the best south indian spicy chicken preparation  you would definitely like it!!
I just went there for lunch and had a really bad experience. I had much more better service than here.1. Our appetizer just came and they gave us our check. Where is our other food? I asked the male waiter, he asked the female waiter and then apologize. I guess they don't communicate with each other.2. They were exceptionally rude to us. I have had better services in other Chinese restaurants in Chinatown. They were obviously treating the English speaking customers there WAY better than the Chinese speaking customers. Talking to them rudely (little did they know they just spoke to someone who speaks English).3. They touched me without asking me (which is rude and I hate being touched) and refused to let me leave (I think I can file a complaint on that). Then they complained about not being tipped (which I did, it was included in the total). If they wanted a certain amount tipped, they should indicate it on the receipt or anywhere in the restaurants.
Have been there many times with friends. Most of my friends were satisfied. I love the coconut pudding thing and red bean drink so much, that's enough for me to give a four star.
Tasty little Malaysian spot. The prawn mee soup is a spicy shrimp/pork/noodle soup taylor made for the cold winter day I ate it on.I'm now going to cross the street and buy a canoli at DiPalo's. I'll let you know how that goes.
I absolutely love this place. It has one of the best haianese chicken and  rice in chinatown. I use to work around the corner so I would always order one for lunch and an extra one to bring home. My only complaint is they never give me enough of the soy sauce or the sweet chili sauce. The haianese chicken and rice is so much more worth it when you order it to go as oppose to in the restaurant because they give you so much more rice. That chicken broth rice is delicious. Sometimes I ponder in traveling out to New York just to order it and bring it back home. I've had their roti telur - which is the roti with the eggs and onions and it's passable. I would like to try their other appetizers. I've had some of their noodle dishes as well but for some reason they just don't compare. There may be some bias in there ;D I do believe though that if you're ever in New York, in the Chinatown area this would be a nice restaurant to dine in - especially since it's so good and cheap. I can't wait to go back here and get their haianese chicken and rice. ~happy eatings!
Great, cheap food with seemingly rude servers (though its just their personality).... whats not to love?
Ate: Roti cani, mango chicken, spicy noodle soup (can't remember which)Drank: Water and teaLiked: Rote Cani is always good.Disliked: Service was HORRIBLE.  I don't remember it being this bad the last time I was there.  I literally had to ask 3 times every time we asked for something.  We waited almost 5 minutes for bowls after asking 3 times while our food was getting cold.  It was also disgusting some of the things they did to our food (roti cani fell a little on the table, the water's hand was touching the top of the rice when he brought it)Chicken: Mango chicken was ok, but it was a little too wet.Would mom like it?: She'd like the food, would also be annoyed at the service.Would I go back: Not after this trip.  Recommend: I can't really recommend anything if I'm never going back, can I?  They don't take credit cards which is also annoying.
Love this place..Malaysian, Indian, Thai and Chinese dishes.. The Menu doesn't specify anything as vegetarian but you can order pretty much anything on the menu vegetarian  so far everything has been consistently good! :) Great value for the proximity to SoHo  big enough that I've always been seated immediately.
OMG!!!! This place has awesomely laced food... The  place seemed dark when we entered; moreover, it seemed under lit where we sat. The food was very good; the crab was amazing! We ate here twice while in NY. Definitely recommended!Pros: Cost, Quantity, QualityCons:  Kinda dark room, ServiceStars: 4.25Note: Will go again if I visit NY again.
There's a war going on the border of  Little Italy and Chinatown. And in the middle is a little Malaysian restaurant called Nyonya.I'm a fan of Nyonya. If it were a football team, I'd rock it's jersey and fitted cap. Maybe even put on some face paint for it. The beef rendang, while to the untrained, immature palette looks like poop is by far one of the tastiest meat dishes I have ever had the pleasure of ingesting. They also make a mean shrimp salad with the mango.Now lets not get things twisted here: Malaysian food is nothing like Chinese food. It's not sushi and it's not Korean BBQ. It's a combination of Chinese, SE Asian and Indian. So don't go in expecting to get General Tso's or raw fish. This food sticks to your ribs, yet doesn't have you wanting to commit suicide by seppuku. The only thing bad to say about the place is that every time we go, which is somewhat infrequent, the place is a madhouse of tourists and hipsters wanting to go "ethnic" that night. Wait time isn't terrible at an average of 20 minutes, but the staff follows the philosophy of "You stopped eating? GTFO!" The food comes out stupid quick, but you're being nasty/niced out before you have time to savor it. Still though, the food is good and makes having Malaysian snipers trained on you from behind the mirrored walls well worth it.
I gave three stars because the service wasn't great, and the food wasn't AMAZING. I really enjoyed my pineapple fried rice until I started finding little crunchy grains in each bite half way through the bowl. (Uncooked rice maybe? Gravel? I don't know. I gave up after that.) Other wise it was nicely seasoned. I also ordered vegetable spring rolls which were greasy. As though the oil wasn't hot enough when they fried it, and too much oil seeped in. The dipping sauce was nice! Surprisingly spicy. Not overly sweet. I ordered a Thai iced tea which was pretty good. It wasn't 85% ice, which was a nice surprise. I ordered the Pulut Hitam which is basically a black rice porridge in coconut milk. It was average. The service was OK, when everyone didn't seem annoyed that I had decided to some here.All in all, pretty average experience.For reference I came in around 8:45 on a Sunday.
I came in for lunch...was literally grabbed by an asian woman outside the restaurant trying to sell me a bag...can't fault the restaurant but its in an utter shit location.  Once I was seated, waiter was very nice, brought tea right away. Ordered the Roti Canai and like others have been saying it is awesome!  Best part of the entire visit.  I wasn't sure what the mystery meat was in the curry sauce though...since I was going vegetarian for lunch I was a little peeved it didnt explain what was in the sauce on the menu.Ordered a lunch portion of Malaysian Buddhist Vegetables...and it had some ingredient in it that I can't identify...I think it was bean curd skin? Might have been small glass noodles with a taste of fermented bean paste.  Either way this was literally one of the grossest things I have ever eaten.  The vegetables were just bland mush with this extra taste that was really awful (like I might be sick awful)   I was so bummed...  The "special sauce" that came with this was pretty much just liquified salt.  I love trying new cuisines, new restaurants, but this was so bad it compelled me to GTFO as fast as I could and find some other food elsewhere.  Sad panda. :(
The food here makes this one of the better options in Manhattan for the broader Chinese genre. Malay cuisines have always been a great mix of different regions from East and Southeast Asia, and Nyonya executes this pretty well.The Hainan Chicken is always one of my favorite dishes anywhere. While this particular place doesn't have the best, it's certainly passable as good. We ordered a few other dishes, and I thought it was all fairly tasty.The prices here are great, but do note that they accept only cash or check, so carry one or the other when you visit.
I don't understand how come this place has so many stars. I have eaten better Malaysian food. Roti canai - not that great. The bread was good but the chicken curry was just  watery. Nasi Lemak - it comes with good portion of rice and chicken curry and anchovies with onions. I would say it was ok. I would like to visit again and give it one more try. I saw lot of people ordering bowl soup.
I've been to Nyonya a handful of times and have somehow managed to order something different every time, despite loving everything I've had so far.Tons of flavor, variety and fast service all at a cheap price. One of my favorite in NYC!
One of the best Malaysia restaurant in Chinatown, their quality of food and the price meet my expectation and prompt service when needed. Always crowd, so might need to wait for 30 mins. Hainaniese chicken is a must order, chicken are very tender and juicy. Watercress with shrimp paste sauce is also a tradition dish.
This place is definitely one of my favorite restuarants. The food is delicious and with the decor and ambiance of the place, it makes it an excellent restuarant to experience malaysian cusine. This place gets a lot of business, they re-located from their old location which was apparently across the street to this place. I see the design and feel change a little from before.Onto to the food, Mee Siam is definitely my favorite, after giving it a try. The tangy sweetness of the sauce on the noodles combine with the freshness of the bean sprouts and egg gives a combination of delicious flavors you have to taste it to believe it. I tried various dishes at Nyonya and they are all fairly delicious just Mee Siam stands out to me as being a king amongst them. However, we all have different preferences but I do recommend Mee Siam for those who want a little sweet tangy spice to their food.Overall, this place is one you don't want to miss. If you're in the area, you should definitely check it out whether its your first time, I guarantee it won't be your last.Recommendation:Mee SiamHaianese ChickenRoti CanaiBeef RendangI forgot the menu so the rest of them.
The best place in the entire hood! The Curry Mee with shredded chicken is my all time favorite and I can never get enough of!!! The Roti Prata is awesome and so is the Nasi Lemak, and besides the annoying fact that it's cash only- the prices are fantastic. Great value for money!!
Recommended to me by an ethnic Malay acquaintance, I wasn't really too looking forward to the visit given my bad experiences with "Malaysian" cuisine in lower Manhattan. I was pleasantly surprised. Standard dishes like the rendang and nasi lemak were wonderful. Reasonably priced, too. The only downside was wading through the waves of tourists around the corner on Mulberry. Ugh.
This is where I tried my first Malaysian food and I loved it! Each of their dishes are very unique and delicious taste. I am a regular customer here and as a staple, I always order the roti canai to start as an appetizer! It's amazing, and I recommend everyone have that as a starter. As for entrees, I usually go with the Hainanese chicken or the beef rendang. Most of their dishes here are well prepared and fairly priced! It's a great place to stop by if you're looking for a filling lunch! :)
Blech. Beef rendang was heavy and not at all spicy. The one vegetarian dish (Buddha something or other) tasted like canned peas. Mushrooms, snow peas, broccoli - all like slimy canned peas. Maybe they use the liquid from canned peas as a base for the sauce. The server said she could not take the Buddha veggie dish back. Fine, we didn't fuss. But when we left the table she craned her neck around me to make sure the cash was on the table, and as soon as we had cleared the aisle, she ran over to count it quickly before we had left the restaurant. I get it. People do the dine and dash. But, you cant treat customers like they're gonna - that's just hurtful, Nyonya. Left several bad tastes in my mouth.Oh, well, I hesitate to end on a high note, but the roti canai sauce was pretty tasty. But we will not be back.
This is my first visit to the New Nyonya, and I'm very happy that there hasn't been a dropoff in quality from the old Nyonya across the street.  The menu is reliably Malaysian/Singaporean and all the dishes that would be expected are on this menu. During my first visit, we had tung choi or stir fried morning glory, Hainanese Chicken Rice and Thai Chicken Rice.  I also got a chance to take a look at what the other tables were having.  I concluded that the visual appeal to the food is first rate for a restaurant in Chinatown.  The chefs here really care about presentation and it shows.As for our dishes, I had the quarter chicken Thai Chicken Rice which was a version served with a tamarind sauce covering the top of the sliced chicken. The Hainanese Chicken Rice was not covered with a sauce, however, 3 condiments were included. By the way, if you are very hungry, the half chicken is a bargain. It was way more than the quarter chicken I ordered. As for the rice, it was very yellow, delicious and tasty, however, I felt they could have made it fluffier, with more water.  The service was prompt and attentive.  As for the dining room, the restaurant is L-shaped and is broken into two distinct dining areas, one decorated in a darker than the other.  Seating was almost cafeteria style, but spaced just enough for privacy.  I liked the old Nyonya and now I like the new Nyonya.  Still one of the better Malaysian restaurants in Chinatown in my book.
Great Malaysian /Nyonya food and hits the spot for me as the food is quite close to what I am used to back home. However, service is quite lacking as when we arrived, the man standing behind the 'please wait here to be seated' sign looked at us but didn't seat /ignored us. Strange, awkward or he's just shy??? When we finally sat down at our allocated table, waiter took order quickly, food came fast and we were out of there a little bit more than half an hour. Service at the table is no frills. We had nasi lemak, curry noodles with yong tau foo, hainanese chicken rice, nyonya lobak and fried rice noodle with beef. All good except the pickles and sambal ikan billis that came with nasi lemak were cold. Four stars because we enjoyed the food.
I'm a regular here.  If you're thinking about ordering the hainanese chicken with rice, I suggest you order half a chicken and rice as a separate order.  It's more worth it that way.  I love their roti canai (Indian pancake with curry), the pancake has the perfect texture and crisp to it.  I suggest skipping on seafood dishes because I don't think it's the freshest here.   Their noodles are just amazinggg, you can't go wrong with pad thai.
While roaming NYC chinatown on a cold winter night fifteen years ago, we stumbled on this place. At the time I had no idea what Malaysian food tasted like, but I loved it. Now I know what Malaysian should taste like and I still love this place. It's not strictly Malaysian, there are some Thai and Indonesian dishes, but then again there is a lot of Thai, Indo, and Indian influences in Malaysian cuisisine...It was and still remains one of my favorite restaurants in NYC. The food is amazing, and the price has remained affordable. we were 7 people and the bill came out to 145$ tax and tips included, which is roughly 20$ per person, in NYC!!! this is rare.Over the years I've tried almost all the dishes at this place, the menu is deep and there are over a dozen dishes that are excellent...Roti Canai is staple here, it's light and crisp, and comes with a small bowl of curry, you dip the roti in the curry and eat, it's delish.Hananese chicken, which is steamed chicken served on soy sauce and hot dipping sauce at room temperature, it comes with chicken rice (rice cooked in chicken broth), it's a bit of an acquired taste but the chicken flavor is pure and chines throughout the dish.Sarang Burong, it's a bird's nest type dish except, the bird's nest is make of taro paste which is deep fried in the shape of a bowl and filled with stir fried chicken and veggies. The fried taro bits just melt in your mouth, this is one of the most original dishes I've ever tasted.Golden sesame chicken, is chicken with crispy skin and stuffed with shrimp meat paste, it comes with sweet spicy sauce, this crispy skin has sesame seeds imbedded in it hence the name.Asam Laksa, is a noodle soup, made with pungent shrimp paste, yes the stinky kind. This dish is not for the faint hearted, but it is delish, it has pineapple pieces in the broth to balance out the salty shrimp paste. An acquired taste but worth the try.Mee Siam, stir fried vermicelli, with shrimp, fried tofu, bean sprouts and boiled egg, comes with a slice of lemon which you squeeze in and mix everything up before you eat it, a little on the sweet and spicy side but the lemon helps cut it down a bit, full of flavor.Fried fish with mango, the mango is young so it is more tangy than sweet, but it blends very nicely to the crsipy fish.The list goes on but you get the idea, I eat here almost every time I go to NYC. :)
Friend if mine recommended this place for me as I was craving Asian fusion. I popped in and was pretty overwhelmed with the amount of options they had which is always a good thing. I went with the Poh Piah as my appetizer which were flatten spring rolls with a spicy sauce. It was very good, I had followed it up with seafood fried rice. Both dishes I recommend especially if you enjoy seafood. The staff was pretty attentive and friendly. The only major drawback to this spot is that it's cash only, which can be very inconvenient. I recommend checking it out if you're around. Just pull out some cash.
Being a native, I was thrilled to try Nyonya and I really enjoyed the food a lot. This place probably has one of the most authentic Singaporean and Malaysian food in Manhattan and I'll definitely be back. It's great that prices are reasonable even for the dinner and weekend menu. I tried the rojak, which was good, except that it lacked the rojak ginger flowers and you tiao. The chicken rice was also good, except that the chicken can be of better texture to achieve higher and more authentic standards. I was slightly disappointed by the impersonal service despite my enthusiasm in the food I was served. However tea and water were made available at all times.I'll definitely be back with friends.
Really I thought (due to the reviews) it was going to be better than it actually was.  The chicken dishes were okay.  Thought everything could have been more flavorful.  The coconut sticky rice was terrible-- overly dry.Sure it's cheap but there are other cheap places with more flavorful food.
Great comfort food. Make sure to get the roti canai!Their menu is so huge it is sometimes hard to choose, but everything we have had so far was great! Noodles, soups, curries - even the black rice dessert.Service was always prompt and friendly, too.
Unfortunately, I'm not a fan. Roti canai was way too thin and greasy. The lady fingers everyone was raving about is in shrimp paste. I am not a fan of that stuff even though I was raised on it. The rice in broth for the hainan chicken was bland. I usually have Malaysian food at this joint in Atlantic City and it's way tastier and cheaper than this place. Sorry but no thanks. And it's cash only? Lame
I'm a Malaysian and I've spent 10 weeks in the US without a taste of my home food so when I found this place on Yelp, I was really excited but I kept my expectations low because whenever I go to a Malaysian restaurant outside of Malaysia, more often than not, they taste nothing like the real thing. I ordered the chicken rice while my friends ordered the Penang Assam Laksa, Char Kuay Teow, Curry Mee and Popiah (appetizers). The food came really quickly, were served in portions worth the price and most importantly, was tastes 95% close to home (not 100% because the kuay teow - flat noodles - were not as soft as it was supposed to be and was slightly too salty). I also ordered the fried ice cream and pulut hitam and they were equally as good as the ones back home. If you want to have a taste of Malaysian food, this is definitely the place to go to (and definitely go to Malaysia for the cheaper but better versions).*warning - when they say spicey, they really mean spicey and hot! Beware to those who are not used to food filled with spices and chillis
Been here once in person and have ordered delivery a handful of times. It's pretty solid food. It's Malaysian in name but primarily Chinese in practice. You'll get the occasional curry influence here and there, but generally speaking it's more Chinese. Prices are a little higher, but it's worth checking out.
Food:Definitely 5 stars. Strongly recommended dishes include Beef Rendang and Nyonya House Special Squid. Hainanese Chicken is not recommended for people like heavy sauce. We ordered Homemade Roti Canai (Indian Pancake) as appetizer and we finished two dishes in two minutes. A big thumb-up!Service:Fast, and they know their dishes very well. BUT, they were a little impatient or they implied that you could order alcohol. Generally, give it a try and you will love it! BTW, go before 6pm so you don't need to wait.
Came with a group of friends and by the time most of us finished. Two of our friends still hasn't received their food. Not to mention its one of the easiest dish on their menu which is the hainanese chicken with rice. We reminded then 2x!
I've had this on my to-visit list, so when I finally got to eat at Nyonya, the expectations were probably too high to meet reality.I ate here with a group of seven other people, including an infant and one preschooler for dinner. We ordered numerous dishes and shared them family style. We, of course, ordered the roti canai (as one does) but somehow I was expecting the other dishes to be as delicious as that appetizer. They were just okay. I was expecting Malaysian food to be a bit spicier, more flavorful maybe, and the dishes that we ate that evening made my taste buds want to take a nap.The staff was very nice to accommodate all of us, especially with the baby, especially during peak dinner time.  Maybe I'll give this place another try when they're not so crazed and ask for suggestions on what dishes they'd recommend.
Holy freaking cow bells ringing!  This place is off the chain like nobody's business of fixed gear hipsterism!  Everything is gewdy gewd gewd.  Everything I ate was like crack.  I was pretty sure the chefs thought replacing MSG with crack would get people to love their stuff and write half-literate Yelp reviews because they were Yelping under the influence ("YUI").  Don't tell the po-pos round the block!I came here for a friend's birthday.  5ive of us.  All dudes.  All hungry.  All selfish.  We ordered, ate, and died, revived, ate, burped, and died.  This is a place where hunger pangs come to get gang banged.  And it will be so gewd.  Holy freaking cow bell, will it be so gewd.  Why, yes.  Yes, it will.There are some staples that you have to order to ensure a good time, although I do think most of their menu is crack laden enough that you shouldn't be able to go wrong with any selection.  Roti Canai is obviously a must.  It's kinda like naan from an Indian restaurant but lighter, fluffier, with a better tasting dipping sauce.  You will seriously dip the sh*t out of your Roti.  It will be excellent.  Char Koay Teow, Beef Rendang, Chicken Rice, Coconut Rice, and Crispy Fried Squid are also all very delicious and you can't go wrong.  Apparently the Seafood Scramble Egg Chow Fun is also good but I was not able to get that.  The one thing I didn't really like was the Hainanese Chicken because it's just wet.  Like its kind of like poached chicken with the skin still on an intact chicken.  No pulled meat.  Just wet.  I don't like wet chicken.  I will come here again and again and again.  It's definitely a place you will bring your out of town friends, unless they're tourists.  The only way they're not tourists is if you yourself are not a tourist.  That means that you needed to have lived in one of the five boroughs for at least three years.  Actually, if you live in Manhattan you need to have lived here for at 5 years to qualify as a non-tourist.  If you live in Brooklyn/Queens, then 3, though if you live in Williamsburg or Brooklyn Heights or Long Island City, then it's still 5.  Bronx and Staten Island are both half a year.  If you decide to live in NJ or Long Island or CT, you will forever be a tourist, unless you first lived in one of the aforementioned boroughs.  Get that visa!
Based on delivery:#FANThe deliveries are always fast, efficient, and packaged well. They even have you on file when you're too busy to get online so you don't have to repeat your info - which is the most annoying thing when you're starving and speaking to someone with an accent. Food:Roti Canai is probably one of the best I've tasted and I'm Thai/Malaysian. They give you just enough for an appetizer. That piece of chicken literally melts in your mouth and the curry sauce is not too creamy, not too sweet, perfect with potato. The pancake is paper thin,, almost crepe like and equally soft and crispy. MMM.Tofu Satay was good. Pretty standard fried tofu with peanut sauce. I used hoisin and siracha instead though because tofu and the sweetness of the peanut sauce can be a little over powering. **Mee Siam is fanfuckingtastic. The first bite brought me back to childhood. It's exactly how my grandma made it growing up. It's like pad thai but with vermicelli noodles. Generous portion of shrimp, light tofu, noodles and seasoning were on point. It's got the right amount of fire (mild) but make sure to ask for hot sauce if you like it spicy since they don't give you condiments for delivery. Amazing. Lawd Jesus, hallelu. My friend ordered curry laksa which was also very good. Thick noodles with a generous side of spicy, lemon grass curry sauce. There was a variety of greens/veggies mixed with the noodles... I can't recall but it tasted great. Good for someone who likes the spicy and sour combo. The prices are great too. Absolutely love this place.
I was pretty stunned by the prices; maybe I haven't been eating out at Asian places enough for dinner, but I thought it was a great deal. I got the seafood chow fun for $6.95 and I was amazed by the super large portion that I got. I ate til I was full and I brought the rest home for my mom to eat. She got pretty full off of it, too. So it was more like $3.50 for my meal :O It was pretty yummy, too! I really liked it. I like noodles and scallops and shrimp, so no problems there. I also got the roti canai, which was decent. the chicken wasn't very tender, but it was alright. ________________i didn't finish my review; funnily enough, i came here again several days later because the banh mi place across the street was closed. the service is brisk and helpful, if not very patient. my friends were pretty torn about what to get because they've never had malaysian food before, so the waitress rattled off some recommendations and tried to help them. she did a pretty good job; they all liked their food. i got the hainanese chicken this time around, and it was REALLY good. the chicken has a very intense flavor. love it!
I really enjoyed Nyonya because they were able to accommodate our huge party of 20 people without it being overly uncomfortable. And the food was really good! I had the roti canai and roti telur as an appetizer. (The roti canai was way better).I had the beef rendang with coconut rice and it was very tasty and tender. Yummy! Definitely recommend it!
If you have more Americanized tastes, you should probably skip this restaurant. Lots of bones in meat, and odd meat products like shrimp wrapped in chicken skin. Perhaps this is a cultural thing, but don't say you haven't been warned!
Call me crazy, but I liked the old Nyonya better.  I'd agree with Rebecca A, after this place upgraded, the food significantly downgraded.  I've had better roti canais and mee gorengs.  Don't get me started about the service.  Meh.
Um. I love this place. Okay, Okay...I've only gone twice but I assure you that is ONLY because it's so. far. away. A girls gotta trek about 2 hours via public transportation to get to her love. It just ain't right. The service is great. The food. is. amazing. Yes, it's loud and has large tables with tons of people yapping but honey, I came here for the food. Also, yes they only take cash. But honey, I came here for the food. See where I'm going with this? I took two of my friends here who have never been and I was even more impressed by Nyona when both of them raved about the food. Like I know I loved you, but if my friends love you too...well, I'm ready for a committed relationship. Also, portion size. Let me explain this to you. We're adults here, we're not afraid to stuff our face. But we still had plenty of food left over. And the thing that you need to understand is that we were still debating what to do after our dinner (after a day of museum going, brunch eating, haunted house screaming). So yes, we were tired but we wanted to do that extra lap because we see each other like once a year. Let's just do all the shit we can in one day, right? But. But. our predicament was such that either we let our food go to waste or pack it to go (had no where to keep it if we were going to continue to traipse about the city). After much contemplation and deliberation (and the fact that we were tired and full), we came to the consensus that we were at that point to attached to the food. It was a pack-to-go-and-we're-taking-this-shit-home-asap kind of situation. So there you have it. I adore you Nyonya. I am committed to this long distance relationship. You're worth it.
My basis for comparison among Malaysian restaurants is pretty limited but I've always been happy with this place. I've had tons of different things on the menu (advised by actual Malaysians/Singaporeans) and everything has been good. I am not sure why everyone thinks it's so cheap as it's definitely one of the more expensive Malaysian places in town. They deliver on Seamless which is always a plus.
Nyonya never fails to hit the spot and consistently delivers some of my best meals in NYC. It's now moved across the street and while it has lost some of the charm from its previous location, the food is still as good. On this trip we started with the Roti followed by Beef Rendang, Chicken Rice and Nyonya Sizzling Tofu. The roti was nice and crisp and went so well with the side of chicken curry. The beef was incredibly tender, melted in your mouth, and bursting was a plethora of flavors and spices. The chicken rice can give most hawkers in Malaysia and Singapore a run for their money. I would knock them back half a star because the tofu wasn't sizzling. They are a repeat offender on this one. But the sauce over the tofu and veggies is still really good despite the lack of hot-plate theatrics. Incredibly complex flavors at a simply amazing price, Nyonya is easily a winner any day.
The food here is way too heavy and the dishes have too many different types of spices that clash, you can't really tell what you're eating. The dishes have an identity crisis. I Didn't think you could mess up roti canai but they did...the bread was too crispy and theres no pieces of chicken in the sauce. Maybe i just ordered all the wrong dishes. The price, service and menu variety are good but i personally would not come back. The dishes have a fast food quality to them. it's also cash only.
Now thats what i'm talkin 'bout, this place is my jam!!! I've been here like a million times and they never fail. The quality of food used to be soo much better, but like with other restaurants; once they become more commercialized the food progressively changes. Still the BEST Malaysian restaurant in NYC hands down. But the downside is they don't take credit, CASH ONLY, so don't forget the benjamins. Malaysian food in itself is considered fusion because their cuisine is influenced from neighboring countries India, Thai, Cambodia etc.  I know, enough with the history lesson. Here's the rundownRoti Canai; The ever so popular appetizer; A light crispy and flaky pancake served with a curry dipping sauce that has pieces of chicken and potato in it. I ALWAYS get this when I come here.Hainanese Chicken; Steamed chicken (served room temp) on a bed of cucumbers with a sesame soy sauce and an awesome kick ass hot sauce on the side garnished with cilantro. ClassicBeef Rendang; Tender pieces of beef braised in a mild (sometimes greasy) curry sauce, served on a banana leaf. Pretty decentSarang Buroung; A nest of deep fried mashed taro potato filled with a sauteed medley of shrimp, pork, chicken, peppers, red onions, black chinese mushroom and cashew nuts. MUST TRY!!!Sizzling Tofu; Fried soft tofu with ground pork, peas, carrots, broccoli in a brown gravy served on a sizzling plate. This might sound funky but if you try it you won't be dissapointedKang Kung Belechan; Chinese water spinach sauteed with garlic and chili with shrimp paste. AuthenticTheir different types of Whole fish is always a crowd-pleaser. I never got the chance to have dessert because by the time I'm done I'm already two waist sizes fatter. But it's always, ALWAYS worth it In conclusion, GET YOUR ASS DOWN TO NYONYA STAT...... and when your done licking that curry sauce off your lip don't forget to thank me
The food was very delicious. I got the mango chicken, but the portion of chicken to rice was rather small; however, it was a great value for the price. The rice wasn't overcooked and the mango-chicken had a tasty sauce on it. It was quite filling and shall return again!
The dishes aren't perfect- often greasy, often overcooked, but all the flavors are there. Roti Canai- Excellent - impossibly crispy and buttery textureFried squid - very greasy, tasted like month-old reused frying oilBeef Rendang- very fragrant and rich beef stew-type dishSeafood TomYam - rich nice broth, dense noodles, overcooked seafoodSizzling tofu platter- best entree, highly recommendedHokkien Char Mee- thick (egg?) noodles tossed in dark soy with shrimp paste and chili on the side - very pungent, if that's your thing.Fried ice cream- inedible - hard, thick doughy crust, possibly expired green tea ice cream, messy drizzle  of tart artificial strawberry sauce  The prices are very appealing. Good for casual lunches/ dinners. Excellent service and very inviting (loud) atmosphere.
Everything is great here! My personal favorites are the Roti and Malaysian style spare ribs. So good! Anytime I have friends and family in town I take them here!
I always like Malaysian food and I have heard so many good things about this place and I finally got a chance to try it out. But I think I made a mistake of ordering the wrong dish. MY boyfriend's stir-fried Noodles, AKA CHOW KUEH TEOW, is very tasty. I decided to venture out of my usual Prawn Mee or Curry dishes and tried this "Clay Pot Pearl Noodle Soup". Turns out it was a disappointment. It tasted kind of like congee but instead of rice it was noodles. It was kind of plain. I would still give this place a second chance since I didn't try out their strong dishes. But all I could say is don't order that clay pot noodle soup unless you like bland noodle soup!
My first time at a Malaysian Place.  Definitely not gonna be the last.  I brought some friends here 4th of July.  We were college kids in New York on a quest to find unique ethnic food for a thrifty price.  We stumbled upon this establishment, Nyonya.  You would think because it is in Manhattan Chinatown, it would be just Chinese food given odd Malaysian names.  But this was out of this world Asian Fusion that came out of centuries of different cutlures (unlike restaurants that are considered fusion...PF CHANG'S..ehemm).  Ordered the Hainanese Chicken Rice which is a Popular Malay and Singaporean dish (even though it's originally from Hainan), Curry Chicken Rice, Char Kway Teow (cut strips of rice noodles with shrimps and meat), and Roti with curry sauce.  Though we had a group of 4, these four plates were enough for everyone, and the price and quality of all those dishes you cannot find anywhere else.  Everything was made fresh to order, the chicken dipping sauce for the Chicken rice was Great, and the Curry was not overwhelmingly spicy.  Round 2...coming soon!
I love Malaysian food, and this place is pretty good. You always have to have the roti canai because they are just yummy. I also had the beef satay and it was okay, I have had better. Then I got the prawn mee, and it was delicious. I love noodle soups and this definitely hit the spot. Then I had the Kang Kung Belacan, which is always a favorite of mine, I could eat this all day. Another time I went I had the Chinese broccoli with garlic sauce, which is always a classic as well. They only take cash, no credit cards -_-
I am sad that I have to resort to giving Nyonya a low rating hoping this will jolt them back to reality,and  that they will take measures to avoid a further decline in the quality and taste of their food. I have been a regular patron here for the last year and half, and the 4 stars that it keeps receiving on yelp is appropriate. However, the last few times that I have been there have been a dinner disaster. The most recent trip was during the July 4th 2012 weekend. If you plan on ordering the popular "Roti-Canai", just be forewarned that you will be getting a lifeless, limp, PALE, SINGLE layered, TOUGH, piece of flattened dough that has no shape whatsoever. I kid you not when I say that it arrived on a plate looking like a used napkin left on the table after a dinner meal. The curry that comes with it is still delicious though, but pointless if the star of that dish is poorly made. I rather they warmed up some "Kawanku" (instant) roti-canai and served it to us.I can go on and on, but I shall just leave it at the "Roti Canai". I do plan on giving Nyonya another chance. Hopefully when I do go back, I would find the need to re-write this posting, and give them a better review.
Nyonya should be the nickname of the blissful mental state that you'll be in after your pleasant meal here.This cash-only Malaysian restaurant has breathed new life into a style of cooking that normally doesn't appeal to me. They've created dishes that avoid the weaknesses that seem to plague most Southeast Asian cuisine in the US; you will not encounter one-dimensional flavor, an over-reliance on fish sauce, and overcooked ingredients.I ordered the roti canai and nasi lemak.  I would recommend both. They were very spicy in a flavorful way, not that Sichuan mouth-numbing way. The combination of pungent spices left a happy aftertaste on my palate that seemed to be improved by the tea and the cucumber and egg garnishes used in the nasi lemak. The roti canai had a great texture. It was paper thin, yet as you chew it, it had remarkable tactile strength. After reading those last few sentences, I think it's clear that I enjoyed this restaurant so much it's got me saying silly things I'm not even sure what they mean. I really wasn't kidding about being in that euphoric state afterwards.
I've ordered here a few times from work. My Chinese co-workers love this place! Although I scarcely trust their taste in Asian food for a variety of reasons. (How can someone grow up in China where they have good authentic Chinese food and then come here and shovel American Chinese cat crap down your throat three times a day?!). At any rate, this place offers Malaysian food. Honestly, I want to like this place more but every time I order from here, my stomach gets upset. I once came here with a friend and she reported the same thing. Their dishes are tasty though. And cheap but you get what you pay for. But given a choice, I'll take Vietnamese or Thai food any day.
Overall had a pretty good experience. My boyfriend and I went for lunch and they have a pretty good 6$ lunch special. My boyfriend got a shrimp/prawn with mango dish lunch special which came with rice and I was a fatass and went for the House Squid special which was delicious but didn't come with white rice :/ We also got the Roti Canai which was delicious! The curry dipping sauce was yummy.The only thing that was confusing was the descriptions on the menu didn't really describe how accurate dishes are. Like they don't tell you what has meat in it and what doesn't. Also the service wasn't all that great. They were kind of stand off-ish. I do recommend trying the dessert. The ABC shaved ice! It was a really unique and different. I enjoyed it overall.
When I first tried this place, I LOVED it. I have never had Roti, so I was in LOVE. I've come back a couple times after and have yet to find my "go-to" dish here. Next time I would like to try the beef rendang. The location is good especially if you are in Soho and looking for somewhere cheap to eat/drink.Have to Get: Roti Canai, Kang Kung BelacanDownside: None so far!
Cheap and delicious Malaysian cuisine, what is not to love?We had a group of 12; service was very attentive with the exception of some slow tea refills.  Dishes came out lightning fast, and for $12/person, the food was pretty damn good.  The restaurant itself is pretty large, they can probably accommodate any size group with ease.  Of course you have to try the standards, Roti Canai, Nasi Lemak, Beef Rendang... all good.  Great after badminton meal!  NOTE:  Also only a few blocks reach to either bubble tea or italian pastries if you want dessert elsewhere (AWESOME)
Great place to meet up with friends...they take reservations for large groups and the restaurant is spacious enough to accomodate 10+.  It's pretty lively all the times I've gone, and has a nicer atmosphere than your average asian restaurant (cleaner also).  I've been here a couple of times and enjoyed everything I ordered.  I always go for the fresh roti, some noodle dish, and the hainan or spicy thai chicken.  Best part is that everything's affordable!  Most of the dishes are around lunch special prices, except all the time!  ($7-$10).  I came here with my hungry bf and spent less than $30 with leftovers to spare!
After spending an hour or so looking for a decent Chinese restaurant with roast pork, hunger pangs forced me and my friend to go to the nearest restaurant that didn't have a line out the door.The place was crowded on a Friday night, but we were seated quickly next to two couples who were on a double date, which is always a good sign.  Double daters seem to make good restaurant decisions because now you have four opinions on where to eat that needs consensus building.The complimentary roti they gave out was good, as I wasn't used to the thin and crispy version I was familiar with from Indian restaurants.  I think I could have had a meal out of that and some saag paneer (to be honest, I've done that with wonder bread as well).My friend and I ordered the barbeque pork and the pad thai.  Both dishes came out in heaping portions that even my normally hearty appetite couldn't overcome.  The pork however seemed to be made up of 66% meat and 33% gristle.  The sauce however made up for it somewhat.I would come back if I was bereft of options, but in Chinatown, that is going to be a rarity.
Malaysian food ranked pretty low on my list of favorite Asian cuisines throughout my childhood, I really just didn't appreciate the complex spices and cooking style it so often employs. But all of that changed a year ago, when I was lucky enough to visit Singapore - a beautiful city-state with even more incredible gastronomy. Now I know it would be impossible and quite unfair to compare any Malaysian restaurant in the States to the food I had in Singapore, so I won't judge Nyonya along those lines. Having dined here a few times, I think Nyonya is without a doubt one of the better Malaysian/Chinese restaurants in NYC. The popular roti canai served here is great, thin and crispy with the right amount of chew. I like that the chicken curry on the side is not too thick, yet still flavorful enough that you can literally pick it up and drink the entire bowl. The hainan chicken is good, not oily at all between the layer of skin and the tender meat. My only complaint is that they don't serve the fragrant ground ginger/garlic/onion medley that I so love with the chicken, only your standard sour chili sauce and soy sauce. Some noodle dishes such as the chaw kuay teow and prawn mee are good, though not as strongly-flavored or pungent - perhaps to appeal more to Western palates. The new space Nyonya moved into is bigger and relatively clean. Service is expedient, though not necessarily warm or accommodating. While the food served here may never compare to the real deal, it certainly suffices whenever I have a hankering for Malaysian cuisine.
Cheap prices and good food, what more could you ask for?Favorite dish of the whole meal was the Bean Curd Thai Style--perfectly fried pieces of tofu in a delicious sauce. The Singapore noodles were delicious too-and only 6.95! Worth a visit if you're in the area. They only accept cash though.
My roommate and I walked to Grand Street only to freak out at a closed Nyonya sign. Then we turned around to walk back home, fortunately to find that the real deal was right across the street! The staff was friendly. The ambiance was nice. I really liked the wooden, Southeast Asian atmosphere. We sat right by the window, which could have been a great marketing ploy. Two Asian girls deliciously and hungrily nomming at the food. What person wouldn't stop, stare, and enter to dine? We ordered Roti Canai, Hainese Chicken, and Chow Keuh Teow. My roommate also ordered a coconut drink (not fresh because she hates drinking out of a coconut), which she said was quite thirst quenching and tasty.  First came Chow Keuh Teow, which is a Malaysian version of pad thai, or Chow Mian with a twist. I think it's closer to the latter, except it has more sea food and is slightly saltier and spicier. It was pretty good but nothing special. The Roti Canai was actually disappointing because it was cold when it came out. I was expecting something hot and toasty... my roommate who had been here before said that it usually is hotter. I didn't feel like being a brat and sending it in, but I was definitely bitter about it. The curry dip was really good though! My roommate poured it onto her rice after we finished off the roti. Lastly we had the Hainese chicken, which came out separately from the rice. Doesn't that ruin the whole purpose of chicken over rice? But no big deal. It was pretty good but again, nothing special. I really liked the chicken flavored rice though! It was sooo good I could eat the rice by itself. When the bill came out I dropped my jaw. All that for 20 bucks? CHA CHING $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ :) I think that might have been the best part. Anyways, in general, I really like this place because it's convenient, tasty, and cheap.
one of my fave hidden restaurants in Little Italy in NYC baby!!!!Roti Canai, Pad Thai (with shrimp) and Ladyfingers with shrimp paste are on the top of my list! simply YUMMY!!! need i say more?
Roti Canai and Hainese Chicken are usually safe choices.Lol Yelp wanted me to confirm that this review is in English, yes this is in English.
Just went here last night for dinner.  Place was packed with people waiting but since there was only 2 of us, we got seated within a couple mns.  Waitress came by quickly to give us menus and also to get our orders right after.  We started off with roti canai (good but we wished the dough had been crispier), fried red snapper w. thai sauce (good when it first came out, dry and not so good once we finally got our rice...), hot and spicy blue crabs (not spicy but it was tasty, came w. 4 female crabs), kang kung belachan (a little off, kinda salty) and chicken rice on the side.Maybe it was an off day.  The food was good but not what we expected from eating here before.   Bf is a regular and he thought the food wasn't as good either.  Service was good at first then it took a while for us to get our check.  Yes the place was packed but by the time we finished our dinner the rush had died down.  No idea where our waitress was but after we got our entrees we never saw her again.We'll still be back but ya...only 3 stars from last night's experience.
Nyonya is the last true Southeast Asian fusion restaurant I've been to and it did not disappoint. The food, the curries particularly were mouth-watering and fantastic. The first thing that hits you about the place is the smell. That smell! I wish my apt smelled like that everyday, they should bottle the aroma and sell it as incense. I also enjoyed a crab dish which was grandly presented and heartily shared among myself and friends. Nyonya's decor is dark with flickering candles and bustling tables. Loved it. Verdict: This is a reliable place for Malaysian and Singaporean food. Perfect for a date, girls' night, work dinner, or just chilling with a group of friends.
Amazing Roti Canal and pineapple fried rice with the perfect amount of spice.Crowded (even late night) so you know the food is fresh.
I originally wanted Indonesian food, but came across this restaurant on Yelp, so my friends and I decided to try it out..Found the place to be great! Food was very good, especially the Indian mee goreng, and the roti chanai! Very well-priced too!Service was great! They were very attentive and always made sure they thanked us for stopping by.Oh, this place is cash only! So bring cash! But, just in case, there is a couple of ATM's two blocks away...
Really good Malaysian spot in town!The place is smart, prices are great and service is fast.Try the Curried Beef With Rice, you wont regret it.Be careful - CASH only!
I've been to both the Manhattan location as well as the Brooklyn one, love them both. Actually first discovered this in Brooklyn and fell in love. When we moved I was so disappointed, then I found the one in Little Italy and that made me to happy. Absolutely love the food. I'm all about the roti canai. Sometimes the seafood tomyam. So good. Wish they had more locations.
I still come here on a weekly basis. For those who say that this place is for transplants and ABC's, where are you from???I have lived in Malaysia for 18 years, I cook authentic Malaysian food on my own (rendang, mee goreng etc). This is as authentic as it gets in nyc, given the ingredients you get here. And YES, it is greasy, guess what? It's even more greasy back home. I can compare, I have been back to KL twice this year and will be back again in December. For the price  quality, this is as good as it gets!Hands down, still the best. I also like SANUR on Doyer St. They have curry puffs and traditional malaysian desserts.100% authentic, down to their belacan sauce.FYI, they are from iPoh which is north of Kuala Lumpur.
The first time I ate at Nyonya, I thought it was so-so.  It was just the two of us, so we couldn't really order too many things off of their extensive menu and so faced with so many options, we ordered a couple of classics, chicken rice and char kuey teow, and left feeling satisfied but not blown away.  To be fair, I'm Malaysian so my bar for Malaysian food is absurdly high.  After my first visit, I would've rated them with 3 stars.On a more recent visit, I went with a group of 11 other Malaysians to celebrate Chinese New Year and we ordered like there was no tomorrow.  WIth this many people, we were able to really put  the menu to work and it was great!  The dishes that really stood out for me were:- Seafood Scrambled Egg Chow Fun: The flat noodles had a nice smoky flavor to them, probably from a properly heated wok, and the egg sauce was silky and savory.- Japanese Egg Tofu: Probably the unhealthiest form that tofu can possibly take, but the eggs give this tofu dish more character than your basic bland silky tofu.- Sea Cucumber and Mushrooms: The mushrooms stole the show here, nice and juicy.- Sweet and Sour fish: Fish cooked perfectly and the sauce didn't overpower the protein.- Yee Sang: A traditional Chinese New Year dish.  First time I'd had yee sang in a restaurant setting before.  They did a great job - the sashimi was fresh and they had all of the right seasonings.  Only available during CNY.We ordered a few other dishes but they were so-so: - Hainanese chicken - this should've been served at room temp but instead it was cold and had an unappealing yellow tone.- ABC (Malaysian shave ice) - A decent version but lacked the proper condiments such as cendol, peanuts and red bean.- Rendang - Although tasty, it wasn't prepared the way a classic rendang is prepared, by braising the beef in coconut and spices until the liquids have evaporated and finished with pounded desiccated coconut.  Their version tasted like a half-done rendang.  The group was split on this one though - one ordered this dish specifically because he thinks it's the best in the city.In short, try to go with a big group so that you can try more things out as they do have some terrific hidden gems in their menu.  Be prepared to spend the rest of your day / night nursing a massive food baby.
The food was good and came all at once. I really liked the roti canai. The waitresses however forgot us, forgot we existed. We had to wave their attention to get the bill and to pay.
I wondered what happened on this visit....The roti canai was literally burnt and the texture was off.  Instead of receiving a soft pancake, it seemed as if I was left with a big piece of potato chip to dip in my curry.  That was a fail.  The sizzling tofu platter appeared to have shrunk in size.  The tofu portions use to be generous, but this time around it was incredibly small with only 6 pieces. The entire entree was covered with green bell peppers.  Our party was over charged with an extra bowl of rice.  I don't think I will be coming back here again.
Hit this spot up before a show at the Bowery! Cheap, quick, and the food was exactly what I was looking for. Had the chicken dumplings, spicy squid tentactles, and Chow Kueh Teow. The spicy squid wasn't really spicy at all, but everything was very good. Would definitely go back.
Nyonya is one of my favorite Asian fusion restaurants in New York City. I always have a positive experience and the food is always delightfully interesting. Even friends that aren't familiar with authentic Malaysian cuisine enjoy sampling new curries and broths. We had the Hokkien Char Mee and Curry Mee with Young Tau Foo and both were unique and outstanding. The best part? Our bill came to $14. Yes, they pack you in to fairly close quarters, but Nyonya is the best place to recharge and refuel in the hustle and hoopla of Chinatown.
I've been here several times with a large group of Malaysian friends. We order a LOT of different dishes and just eat family style. So its def good, not very authentic malaysian but still close,  better ambience than New Malaysia (although NM dishes is still my fav)..This place is always pack too so make sure you make a reservation!Best thing to order : Char Kuey Teow, Nasi Lemak, Hainanese Chicken with Rice, Asam Laksa, Golden Fried Squid, Spicy ShrimpsEnjoy!
Very authentic Singapore, Malaysian, Indonesian food. Perfect for my cravings. Get Nasi Lemak, Laksa, Hainanese Chicken rice, Mie Siam, Kwetiau Goreng, and of course.. Roti Canai! Everything is delicious!!I still have to return to try their desserts.. We overdid our entrees the last time!
Super oily and completely lacking in flavor. I'm bot sure what all of you see in this place but it is completely sub par compared to everywhere else I've been in China Town. My mouth tastes like msg. Bathroom had hand sanitizer in the soap dispenser.
Not very familiar with Malaysian cuisine but this place is yummy!  The roti canai and roti telur are so good that i usually wind up having the dipping sauce like soup after is finish the crispy pancake. The pineapple fried rice is also great!  Make sure you ask for their hot sauce - its the perfect compliment to their dishes!!
Roti Canal I give 9.5/10. One of my favourite appetisers here, the dipping sauce is amazing I can't even describe it and I'm salivating as I type. I could have the sauce by itself and drink it as soup. The noodles and fried rice was ok - I think the main highlight was the Roti Canal..did I mention that?Having such a sweet tooth, I had to indulge and treat myself to the fried ice cream. Ice cream flavours came in green tea, vanilla and something else. Was delicious, I'd come here just for dessert.Besides these two dishes, thought the rest of the food we ordered was good but not quite five stars, more like 3.5.
This was my first time trying Malaysian food and I pretty much loved everything. Me and my friend whose a regular arrived around 8:30 on a Friday so there was a 15 minute wait. I was fine with that, it gave me time to look over the menu.We got the roti canai, cripsy bread with a curry chicken sauce. Wow, that was delicious! Its a new taste for me so I'm not sure how to describe it. We got the chicken wings too, also delicious. They tasted "woodsy", like a forest. I know how that sounds, but I'm standing by it.For my entree I ordered the chow kueh teow (flat thin noodles with shrimp, soy sauce, chili paste, and other good things). I picked it because it seemed somewhat similar to Thai pad kee mao, and it was. I asked for it extra spicy, it wasn't spicy at all but it was still very good. The coconut rice was sooo good. My friend got a chicken and rice dish that the menu described as "room temperature", but was ice cold. It still didn't taste bad, but it wasn't really satisfying either. Possibly the best part of the experience was dessert. We both got the profiteroles, three cream puffs surrounded by chocolate and vanilla cream. Wow. Sweet, rich, and creamy. I will definitely be coming back here.
Everything great about this place has probably been said.Excellent food! Excellent prices!Even coming on a busy, Saturday night did not mar our experience. Seated relatively quickly. Served relatively quickly. Smooth going all the way.We had the Roti Canai, Spicy Crispy Squids, Indian Mee Goreng, Pineapple Fried Rice, and a 1/2 Hainanese Chicken. All absolutely delicious. I had the Roti and Mee Goreng before and ordered it again since I loved it. New absolute favorite is the squid. OH how I wish this came as standard bar food cause it goes excellent with a nice Singha and/or probably most pale lagers/pilsners.Next time we'll leave room for dessert and other goodies. The fresh coconut drink stole my eye...
Great place for groups because they have a back area and round tables that can seat 7 comfortably.  Relatively smaller entree dishes than Chinese family-style restaurants but what you miss in quantity, you get in depth of flavors and umami.  The Roti Cani was once great, but now there is less bater (i.e. small portion) and more roti than a chewy texture...not the best to absorb the bowl of curry they serve on the side.  House special blue crab is messy while tasty (if you like sauces on the sweeter side) is a lot of work for not a whole lot of food.  So what is good then?  The Hainanese Chicken, stir-fry noodles, Kang Kung Balacan and Beef Redang.
This is just a standard malaysian place. I ordered the pad thai and it tastes really sweet. Let's just say I've had a better pad thai elsewhere. The main complaint for the this place is when it comes to paying for the bill. I was shortchanged by about 50 cents (forgot exactly cause it was two weeks ago). I have a feeling they took that as their tips already. What a shame. This is why if I ever return I know next time to either take it off their tips or seriously complain. Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.
Malaysian cuisine isn't always on the top of my crave list but this place is definitely my favorite for a quick and delicious meal. Crowded, yes, but worth the short wait.  Located in Little Italy (next to the famous Ferraras), this restaurant tailors to those who enjoy a little spice in their meals. Yes, a lot of their Malaysian dishes do have a little kick in it but if you're one of those who can't tolerate, you can always default to their Canto style dishes, which are not spicy. But after all, you are at Malaysian restaurant, right?My friends and I came here for dinner one night. We ordered Roti Canai (Indian Pancake), Singapore Mai Fun, Grilled Jumbo Prawns, Sauteed String Beans w/Shrimp, and Sarong Burong (fried taro stuffed with shrimp, chicken and mushrooms). Everything had a lot of spice in it except for the Sarong Burong. Each dish averaged about $8 - $15, which isn't too bad. My favorite is the Singapore Mai Fun. Even though a lot of other Chinese restaurants make this, but I somehow enjoy it here the most. It's not as greasy compare to other places and this place has more flavor.
Brought here by a friend. Malaysian food was very tasty. Must try the roti. Service was decent but nothing memorable. Nicely decorated restaurant except the tables were very close together, a little uncomfortable there.Food: 7Decor: 7Service: 5*ratings out of 10
My Review is base on overall average of the establishment.Location and Parking: 5* good location between Little Italy and China Town. Wasn't too hard to find.Atmosphere, Setting, and Wait Time: 4* Love the decor and seating was plentiful. Very modern with some hint of Asian antique styles. No real wait time around 2-5 on Saturday.Entrees: I have to say that I'm not too fond of Malay food after this experience. Don't judge my rating base on my taste, because we all have certain taste palettes and everyone's is different.Prawn Mee: 2* tasted to me like they fried up some shrimp and used the fried shrimp to make a broth. Or tasted like the base of the broth was the tiny dried shrimp. To me it was pretty overwhelming. The noodles were good, almost a udon style of noodles and the shrimps were ok.We had other items too, but I don't remember the names and I only had 1 or 2 bites of them.Price: 4* very reasonable price. Super affordable! Cash only I think..Service: 3* alright service, they were nice and friendly, but just good!Total: 18/5= 3.6
Good food at a good price. Everything was very unpretentious and relaxed. Food is SPICY so know what you're ordering or ask the servers. Though the servers do seem a bit rushed and a little lax on the "service" part - but for the cheap prices of this place, you're kinda getting what you pay for. I'd go back easily for another quick in and out meal- when I'm craving Asian spicy.
My brother and I like to go here for Malaysian food but I feel like its more of a Asian fusion type of restaurant. I don't recall mango chicken over rice Malaysian. Anyhow, the food is delicious! I suggest you eat there Nasi lemak ( rice dish), abc shaved ice  for dessert and ohh!, try all there appetizers/ snacks:) What I really didn't like about my experience is, waiters and staffs don't leave you alone! They were constantly asking me if I was finish with my food .... Like hellloooooo do you not see me eating! Haha
Disappointed. The food has changed. The taste is not what it used to be. The food taste like it was missing some ingredients. Food still ok but miss the old favors when this place was first opened.
Good Malaysian restaurant, with a vast selection of wonderful food. I tried quite a few of the Nyonya/Penang restaurants around the city, but this is perhaps the one I prefer (let's forget the tiki-ish decor for a second...)For starter you have to try their roti canai: the flat bread is soft and tasty, and the curry sauce you dip it in soooo good! I could make a meal just out of roti canai. This stuff is addictive!Their soups and casseroles (I particularly love the assam and tomyam fish head) are excellent for the winter, but this being a hot summer night, we opted for roti canai and satay beef skewers for starters, and Malaysia sweet  sour pork, and sauteed string beans with spicy Malaysian shrimp paste sauce, with coconut rice on the side. This food was enough for 3 people.Oh, this place is cash only!
One of the few but the best place to get a taste of authentic Malaysian food. Thanks to my sister's keen eye for spotting great eats! Originally, the place was situated across the street from Ferrara's Bakery. It is now on the same block! Immediately entering with my party of 4, the heavenly aromas waft from the kitchen of coconut milk, curry, and spice. We ordered the following:-Homemade Roti Canai or Indian pancake with curry dipping sauce (Malaysian national dish). This is an excellent appetizer to start any meal. Crispy, pieces of fried thin pancakes to satisfy a craving for a simple snack. And it comes with a tasty curry sauce. - Roti Telur- Same as Roti Canai except this version is filled with eggs and onions. I found this version to be more favorable.  -Satay Tofu, crispy fried tofu stuffed with bean sprouts and cucumbers. Appetizer came with a shrimp paste/peanut sauce. This was a perfect spicy dish for my love one. Fortunately, we ordered a few since the dish comes in a pair. - Nyonya Lobak- a taste of variety of Malaysian appetizers- pork roll, fried tofu, shrimp pancakes w/ hoisin  chili sauce. The crispy fried pork roll reminds me of Lumpiang (see my review for Tito Rad's Grill  Resturant). - Nasi Lemak- coconut flavored rice with cloves and screw-pine leaves, chili, anchovy, pickles, curry chicken, and hard boiled eggs. I been informed by the waitstaff this is a traditional Malaysian dish. To my surprise, it happens to be my fav! It's one of those comfort foods that you can have for lunch/dinner. -Hainanese Chicken with Rice- chicken rice flavored with steam chicken and soy sauce. It's really light and prob the healthiest dish from our order (except the rice was a bit oily from the chicken seasoning) -Beef Rendang- tender beef simmered with spices (cinnamon  cloves) and lemon grass in coconut milk. We had this dish with rice on the side. Pleasantly wonderful and overpowering with aromas of rich flavors. -Sizzling Nyona Tofu- bean curd and eggs with minced pork, shrimp, chinese mushrooms with gravy sauce. I will def come back more often for this dish! It is THAT good. No dessert for our table but we tried a couple of their drinks. I had the Malaysian ice tea (which was strong malaysian milk tea served cold), hub had the fresh coconut which he found really refreshing, and the rest of our party had rambutan, and ABC (shaved ice with red bean, corn, palm seeds, jelly, and red rose syrup). It looks like a mess but my friend swore it was a fun drink. Overall, we had a really good time. The place is pretty big even though the entrance is a tight fit. Nyonya is pretty popular so expect a bit of a wait for a table!
Food is AWSOME! My family and I have been coming here for many years. Everyone is so nice and welcoming. Tea is always on the table ready for you and your order comes so fast! Food is so delicious and fresh. The roti cannai is obviously everyone's favorite but the pad tai OMG out of this world!!! Also they always let you know how spicy (or not) you want the food. Love love love this place !
Pretty underwhelming. I'd like to believe we just came during an off time, so I would be up to trying it again. It's not that the food was bad; it just wasn't notable. I barely cared to write this.
I've been to this place so many times I'm surprised I haven't reviewed it sooner! Nyonya is a place I trust to always deliver great tasting food for low prices. I was flummoxed as to where I would bring my group of 4 friends for lunch and suddenly, Nyonya popped into my head as the perfect solution! This time I tried something new and ordered the Nasi Lemak over rice. It came out really quickly and although it had a strange assortment of sides, it turned out to be quite tasty. My friends all seemed happy with their dishes too and it came out to about $8 for each of us. Don't worry about the chili pepper signs next to the dishes either on the menu; the food is really not that spicy. Nyonya is the perfect restaurant for quick, tasty and affordable food! It also has a really calm and polished environment.
I visited this restaurant with a group of friends and we had a family style meal.It is a nice enough retaurant with fairly good food and a comfortable atmosphere. The service was efficient and servers were attentive. The facilities are very well maintained also.The food itself was ok, not spectacular overall, but pleasantly filling. Having said that, I must say also that the curry dishes were excellent, the Roti Canai has a mild spicy flavour that creeps up on you, making your tongue tingle just a bit. The Beef Curry is very tasty, spicy without being so overwhelmingly hot as to overpower the flavour.Overall, a good experience, it's a place I would visit again, especially if I were entertaining a group of friends. However, it's not the place to get the best asian cuisine in New York city.
WARNING: I ate here on July July 21, 2014 and I ordered the whole lobster for $26. When it arrived I noticed immediately that they had removed the lobster tail - which is where most of the lobster meat is!!!! The waiter tried to convince me that it was in fact a whole lobster - but I have been eating whole lobster my whole life and it's pretty obvious when the entire tail is missing! BE CAREFUL when you order food here! I left  hungry and upset.
I'm slowly starting to sample the Malaysian cuisine that New York has to offer, and Nyonya did not disappoint! We ordered all the classics: Roti canai for appetizer, beef rendang, and my absolute favorite Chinese-Malay dish Chow Koay Teow. The roti canai was delicious, fluffy and light and nicely complimented by the curry dipping sauce. The beef rendang was also delicious, each piece of beef tender and juicy. The only thing was the Chow Koay Teow - it was good and had a decent amount of shrimp and squid in it, but lacked the spicy, fluffy (almost airy, not oily or sticky) quality that excellent Chow Koay Teow should have. We finished with a cendol for dessert. It was nice and had a rich nutty coconut flavor. I was excited that there was ABC on the menu, but my dining companion had reservations about a dessert with corn in it. Next time!Tip: cash only!
Stopped by here on our way to chinatown. We all ordered off the lunch menu and were pleased with our meals. Tried the Roti canai and it was delish.I got the MALAYSIA SWEET  SOUR OVER RICE, typical, good but nothing out of this world. Lunch specials are a great deal, plenty of food and tasty. Not the best place ever but definitely worth trying if you're in the area!
I love their fried ice cream!!This is a chain restaurant and they've got good malay food!The seating could be really crowded, and it'll get loud in there too. However, their food is worth it. We always get their Indian  pancake and Hainan chicken. Delicious!!The only reason it's not a five star is because their bathroom is quite nasty at times:/
This place is disgusting, flavorless oily food. Run away, I feel nauseous from consuming this garbage.
For chinatown, this is one of the nicer looking restaurants in the area.  Its super affordable and nice enough to take a date to.  Yes, dont hate. Roti canai - beef curry rendang - nasi lemak all good.  I've not a fan of the noodle soups here though but the rice dishes are quite good!  Get the fresh coconut and ask them to split it once done.  Also make sure you order everything at once cause the wait staff can disappear for quite a while..
This place is very reasonably priced and make delicious food. For starters, we ordered the Roti Canai which was made incredibly airy and light. The dipping sauce with the bread was slightly chunky and complimented the bread very well. My friends and I ate family style and ordered Sarang Burong, Hainanese Chicken, and another pork belly dish. They were all good and plates cleaned in the end. I'm not much of a taro fan but I have to admit the Sarang Burong is a must try due to the fried taro bowl. It reminds me of the taro dimsum dish when it is made right! Full of flavor and crispy.I would definitely come back again to try their fish ... saw lots of people ordering the fish. Also the perfect place I would like to bring my parents when they are visiting the city!
The site URL describes how I feel about Nyona. I came here with a friend for my first Malaysian food outing and felt like I was taken to a household where Malays, Indians, and Chinese were only allowed to give birth to delicious food.+Food. Started off with the roti canai. Crisp pancake-like bread dipped into a succulent curry. The prawn mee and beef rendang my friend and I shared. The prawn mee's broth was nicely balanced: the shrimp was well-pronounced without being overpowering, and it was neither salty nor too sweet. The noodles and veggies were just right as well. The beef rendang I could break apart with my spoon, and proved equally delicious to eat; it was flavorful and unbelievably tender. Dessert was a shaved ice dessert with toppings I had never had before. I can't describe the individual components, but I can tell you you won't regret ordering it.+Service. Was fast, attentive, and welcoming. No complaints here.+Atmosphere. Dark, wooden undertones made for a comfortable dining experienceI wish I had found this restaurant earlier. I'll be returning here often.
We wandered 'round in ChinatownThen stopped by Nyonya to chow downWaited less than a minTo sit and eat -- for the winFood was delicious, now if only I lived around! :(Hainanese chicken was boneless and moistRoti canai was also a good choiceChicken rice is amazingSatay worthy of praisingA solid and cheap Malaysian place -- rejoice!
The only way Nyonya could have been better was if some jerk hadn't moved my spit cup and made me pour tea all my over my pants.  Yup, Riley is a dick.   Other than that, I had an amazing experience.  First, its BYO.  So unless you like getting gouged for booze, its a nice way to drink what you like and save a buck.   When faced with a decent wait time BYO conveniently becomes DYO while you wait.  Since no one asked us to stop passing the bottle around, I took that as tacit approval and have no problem asserting that such behavior is not only permissible but encouraged at Nyonya.  Second, Nyonya pulls no punches.  I'm by no means an expert on Malaysian cuisine but Nyonya's dishes were much more assertive than other Indo-Malay foods I've tried.   While some restaurants simply try not to offend or shoot for mass acceptance, Nyonya punches you in the mouth with squid sauce.  Unless you really get down with dried fish, the squid sauce can be a bit much, but other than that I appreciated the spice, heat and sour notes.   The Mee Goreng and Rotis were the consensus favorite at our table, but I thought the Nasi Lemak, squid sauce and all, was probably the most interesting.  Lastly, Nyonya delivers a great meal which sets you back about as much as your local skanky Chinese takeout place.  $7-$10 for most dishes, $3-$5 for apps.  Toss on a corkage fee, or whatever they charged to watch us unscrew the lid on our bargain bin wine, food and tip, and our party of 6 was out for less than $20 a head.  Absurd.
My first visit at the new location. They've upgraded to more tables, larger restroom, brick decor and ambient lighting. My first reaction was, "No more bamboo decorations!"My friend noted correctly that the lunch specials are more expensive than items on their regular menu. As a fan of tofu, bean sprouts, and cucumber, I love the satay tofu appetizer. My entree, the prawn mee, consists of egg noodles, shrimp, shredded pork, and vegetables in soup. It was not spicy (though the menu description says otherwise), but was flavorful, warm, and filling. Great comfort food!I had no problems with the service. Of course, I was in no rush. In fact, I was surprised they let us loiter at the table until we asked for our check.
I'm Malaysian and this restaurant is really quite good. I ordered the nasi lemak and a Malaysian iced tea with milk and my husband ordered the curry noodles. We also got a roti telur bawang (roti canai with onion and egg) to share. The roti was authentic (not frozen) and everything tasted great. Prices seemed reasonable too. We'll definitely be back. Note: Cash only!
A visiting friend suggested Nyonya for dinner for 7 of us one night and we had a great time with so much food!  I don't even know what we ordered but there were a ton of appetizers, and i think 8 entrees for all of us with a little bit of everything.  Noodles, soups, meats, tofu, shrimp, veggies....you name it, we tried it.  And everything was so good.  Yes, it was kind of that greasy, chinese, kind of good...but authentic and still with fresh ingredients, so none of that fast food style.  The best part at the end was how inexpensive it was.  I was worried I'd have to fork over a ton of cash, but with tax and tip included, it was a huge bargain.  We also had so much leftover that almost everyone got a box to take home.  I'd recommend coming with people who know what's good here and with a larger group that is willing to share.  It's way more fun getting to try a bit of everything than having to guess what one item you think would be best from the giant book of a menu they give you.
Best Asian restaurant in Manhattan. Good service, they always give you the right answer from the menu. Excellent taste and fair price.
At the recommendation of Yelp, I went here today for lunch.  I really love it when Yelp gets it right!The restaurant is very casual and spacious with a charming, bucolic wood motif.  I was instantly at ease, and I found the service to be very attentive.For the appetizer, I opted for the Roti Telur which is a pastry shell filled with egg and onions and served with a curry chicken dipping sauce.  I have to admit, that did not sound very promising.  The waiter even informed me of the ingredients and tried to make sure if that is what I really wanted.  I said yes, and I ended up being very happy with the choice.  They were like bureks for vegetarians.  They were very tasty in their own right, but the dipping sauce was just incredible.  Rich, creamy, full in flavor -- I loved this.  For the entree, I had the curried beef with rice, which I was informed was equivalent to the much praised beef rendang at half the price.  Fine, make me spend less money for the same food!  There are only so many ways to endear me, but that's one of them.  The stewed beef was very tasty and flavorful and was served with a very healthy portion of rice and some sliced cucumbers.  The beef was not spicy or hot which was unfortunate because there would have been this very natural counterbalance with the cucumber.  Nonetheless, this was a great dish as well.In every way this place exceeded my expectations.  It easily merits 4 stars.  But does it merit 5?  I honestly never been to a strictly Malaysian restaurant before.  I have seen Malaysian food at Indian restaurants and at Asian fusion restaurants.  But given the niche nature of this cuisine and how good it was, I will go ahead and give it 5 stars, keeping in mind I am judging it among restaurants in its own class.
I love Malaysian food, or Southeast Asian food in general. I set out in search of laksa, and ended up here. This dimly lit restaurant showed a lot of character. There is a large mural, probably of the streets of Malaysia, along the back walls. The scent of robust flavors was in the air. The menu has quite a selection, but is not quite as overwhelming as a typical Chinese restaurant with 100+ items.Penang Asam Laksa - spicy  sour thick rice noodles in lemongrass broth with fish  vegetables:I was hoping for curry laksa, but they only have asam laksa, which has a sour, usually tamarind-based broth. Since I had never had asam laksa before, I decided to give it a try. The broth definitely has a rich, tart flavor and there were meaty chunks of fish. Roti Canai - The roti was very thin  soft, and tasted great with the curry dipping sauce. It had chicken and potato in it, but only piece of each, so that doesn't make it very share-able.Beef Rendaang - The beef cubes were very tender  juicy, and also tasted great with the creamy, thick sauce.Braised Duck w/ Lotus Seed - The duck leg was so tender that it came right off the bone. It was excellent in its sweet sauce. The lotus seeds tasted like roasted chestnuts, which makes the even heartier.Watercress w/ Bean Curd Sauce - We figured we needed a vegetable, and the watercress was a great option. It was sweet and crunchy, and a little stringy, as watercress tends to be.Coconut Rice - Rice goes with everything, but there wasn't much of a coconut flavor. Still, I needed rice to sop up all the leftover sauces and curries from the other dishes we ordered.There are so many amazing dishes on the menu. I'd definitely return to try more deliciousness. Even though there is no curry laksa on the menu, it seems like several noodle dishes are very similar to the spicy, coconut milk, curry noodle soup that I am always in the mood for. The one thing I have to complain about - they are cash-only. When I saw the sign, I nearly rolled my eyes. No card payment, are you kidding me? The prices are reasonable, but not cheap. If they could set up a credit card terminal, I'd pay a return visit sooner rather than later.
My first time having Malaysian food! But I'll definitely be back. My favorite dish was the one with the vegetables and meat inside a fried taro root nest/bowl!
Many food choices and all good. Don't like the fish head casserole though. Long line waiting but still worth it.
Food is good, service not so much...I have been here a couple of times, I tried stir-fried noodle (chow kueh teow) and the noodle in soup (prawn mee), the firt was ok, the letter was excellent, I recommed that to anybody who likes spicy food! The price is low but.... the service is mediocre, they need to step up their game, each time I was there they forgot my drink, i was done with the food and still nothing... They never returned to make sure that we have everything and that is not good at all.
I came with two other friends on a cold Sunday at noon and absolutely reveled in the heartwarming, richly flavored, satiating dishes.I ordered a curry egg noodle soup with fried tofu and fish-stuffed peppers ($8.50). The portion was substantial and the curry coconut broth deep, mildly spicy, and very delicious. The egg noodles were near perfection (slightly softer than how I usually prefer), but scrumptious nonetheless. My friends loved their noodle and vegetarian entrees. I would absolutely come again to try more dishes. Service is fast, attentive, and friendly. It's great for groups. This restaurant is much larger than it appears on the outside, with a side wing that seems to be perfect for families (especially those with strollers), parties, and large gatherings.
Been to nyonya for more than 15 yrs from their old location across the street to this new location. Their staffs have come and go, their food used to be top notch authentic for a Malaysian like me. This is the place I will go for my home food fix. I don't know what happened to them in the recent year, their staff are not as friendly and their food's standard has dropped. Maybe they have a new chef ‍ but it's hard to judge as the manager/owner is still there. I will still go back to get my fix but I have to admit that it is not as great as it used to be. Those were the glory days I guess.Warning for newbie, there are some items on the menu can be challenging for newbie i.e. Assam Laksa, squid tentacles , just ask the manager to recommend if it's ur first time. The classic items I usually order are - Char Kway Teow, Roti Canai, Seafood Horfun, Hainanese Chicken Rice, Golden Crispy Squid, Curry Laksa Noodle, KangKung Belacan and Crispy Fried Fish with various sauces.
We went to Nyonya based on a recommendation for their Hainan Chicken.  The Hainan Chicken was not bad, but the rice that came with it was bland.  On the other hand, the Roti Canai was great!  This dish alone is enough to earn a solid 4 stars in my book.
I've been coming here for who knows how long, maybe 15 years or so? However I don't come by choice, I have a lot of family who like this place so I'm usually tagging along. The prices are low and portions are very big. Everyone I know loves the spices but in my opinion, the food seems a bit bland and it feels as if they know and to overcompensate with the spice.
A pretty solid choice if you want some Malaysian food. This spot is only 70% of the way there for the best Malaysian food that I taste. As a safe dish, i would recommend some of the chicken dishes and the curry dishes. Visit this place early because it can get really packed.
Pretty solid food and reasonable prices. Best Malaysian restaurant!!...A must go-to place if you are ever in the Chinatown area! This was my 2nd time eating here. Came here around dinnertime with a friend and we ordered a roti canai (comes with curry dipping sauce), fried pearl noodles, and a pork dish.The Roti canal was soft and pretty crispy...reminds me of a tortilla and the sauce was a rich  creamy consistency. Quite delicious! I suggest getting that to start out!Felt like eating some kind of noodle dish and the fried pearl noodles were perfect..quite chewy!All of the dishes were quite tasty....we finished all our food and were content.Decided to order a coconut pudding at the end. I'm not a huge fan of just coconut alone, so I just had one bite to try it out and my friend ate the rest...said it was a nice dessert to end the meal.
Nyonya was incredible! I had no idea this place even existed but I loved it!The food was on another level. I had their famous chicken, pad thai, and their spring rolls appetizer. The flavors were delicious. It was some of the best Malaysian food that I have had. The service was solid and the restaurant was clean.Can't wait to go back and I would definitely recommend Nyonya! Five stars!
Currently our "go to" for Malaysian food in Manhattan Chinatown. This place is cash only. Street parkingServes liqour Can accommodate large groupsRoti- nice and thin /crispy. The curry dip is a little inconsistent, some days are better than others. Hainese chicken- is good, smooth texture and the portions are greatBeef rangdang- large peices of meat. Tender and a little spicyOverall the food is good. But this place gets packed. When its peak hour, food comes out in weird orders. I've gotten my chicken before my roti . But they dont try to rush you, which i like. Most of the staff understands basic english so you dont have to worry about ordering.
Their food never lets me down. For a Malaysian restaurant, they make one of the best pad thai s in nyc. The prices are very reasonable, the dishes ranges from 7 - 12 dollars [sometimes more for the speciality dishes]. The waiters are always nice and friendly. The only thing that I wish they'd  change is their cash only policy.
CASH ONLY! Every dish is so delicious! We were told to wait for 10 min at 7pm Friday. There were still so many people waiting when we walked out at 9pm. Homemade Roti Canai (Indian Pancake) and chicken were must for most tables. For Ginger Duck Noodles, the duck was rich in flavor. My favorite was Tomyam Fish Head, so yummy! We ordered 6-7 dishes in total and for about $100! Amazing! Food came fast and service was efficient.
Crab dishes are nice as well as the noodles and hinanese chicken.  Always busy, loud and happy place for me.  Great value and very consistent even with a sizable menu.
One of my favorite places to take people. Malaysian isn't always at the top of the list of cuisines to have in New York, but Nyonya consistently delivers a great introduction to flavors that are usually new to my friends (and at one time was new to me too).My favorite is their homemade Roti. Any of the variations, they're all pretty good.
Nyonya has become one of my favorite Malaysian restaurants in the city. Located a bit on the outskirts of Chinatown, it's great whether you're in the area or looking for a nice spacious place for groups. The service is quick, courteous and friendly and the menu has pictures of every item so there's no confusion. Nyonya itself is also much bigger than it looks from the outside and the interior is clean, tastefully decorated and at the perfect volume for conversations.We ordered two appetizers - the roti canai and the crispy squid tentacles. Of course the roti canai was delicious and the tentacles had a great savory-sweet crunch to them and was unique appetizer. For our entrees, we got Hainanese half chicken, okra, and dry stir-fry beef chow fun family style. I'd definitely recommend getting an extra bowl of the chicken broth rice because it pairs perfectly with everything, especially the silky smooth Hainanese chicken here. The beef chow-fun was a little greasier than I prefer and didn't have the unctuous wok-hae/smokiness that a lot of good Cantonese-ish dishes should have. Dessert was less noteworthy but there's still a big variety and easy to choose something fitting your mood.  A very important tip - they only accept cash so stop by an ATM on your way over. All in all, Nyonya is a solid choice in Chinatown.
Great food, nice service, a good place for family gathering. A wide range of selection that can satisfy everyone's needs.
The food was great, BUT I can't say the same about the service. After paying for my meal at the front counter, I was stopped by my waitress who demanded me for tip. I  literally took two steps and was headed back to my table to leave tip there before she stopped me. So I handed her the tip (despite her attitude) and she complained about it not being enough... She actually stood in front of me, blocking my way until I gave her exactly one more dollar.Last time I checked, tip is based on service and considering the service I got, I shouldn't have even tipped at all.
This did not disappoint the Tom Yum Soup was exceptional and the Roti Candi appetizer was delightful. Good service and atmosphere. I will be back.
Was there last night to celebrate a friends birthday and I can't wait to go back! We did family style and order the Roti Canai, Beef Rendang, Mee Siam, Hainanese Chicken, some other noodle dish and the Spare Ribs. Oh my gosh, these Spare Ribs were ah-ma-zing! I need to go back and order me some spare ribs! We didn't order the Sarang Burung, but wished badly we had. Definitely getting it the next time I go back! Plus they were so accommodating with our birthday party; they even temporarily shut off the lights to the back of the restaurant for the cake. Love this place!
Food - 3,5/5Value - 4/5Service - 4.5/5Atmosphere - 4/5I ordered from Nyonya via Seamless yesterday as opposed  to getting take-out from New Malaysia Restaurant, from where I originally wanted to order.  It was going to be three people total eating so I chose 1 appetizer and 3 main dishes.  We got the Crispy Pork Intestines, Indian Mee Goreng, Beef Rendang with chicken broth rice, and the Fried Pearl Noodles.  The intestines were OK, I like it better at Yogee Noodle (85 Chrystie Street).  I'm not sure if they messed up and gave us Pad Thai instead of Mee Goreng or if it was just their interpretation but it was definitely not what one would expect, again it was OK.  The Beef Rendang over rice was good, I especially liked the spicy kick.  The Fried Pearl Noodles were done well, crispy and chewy in each bite.  All in all, I'm just a bigger fan of New Malaysia Restaurant.  This place is less cramped and better decorated though, in my opinion.
This is Asian food for white people no offense, bland tasteless uninspired and certainly not authentic.
Went there for countless times.The food there is soso and I thought the price was ridiculous for the quality I was getting (compare to the other restaurants in Chinatown, you definitely can get the same stuff for cheaper!). The reason why I've went there for countless times is because all my non Asian friends wanted to have Malaysian instead of Chinese. But despite all that, the food aren't bad, but can't say its tasty to have to keep on coming back out of my own will lol...
*** Home Made Roti Canai- it is reminiscent of a crepe piled upon itself. Very light and crispy, there actually isn't much going on, other than a very artful dish. I will say there is a certain thrill cracking the pancake apart, and just handling something that looks like this. I loved the curry and chicken dipping sauce; I was actually sad I wanted to try the chicken at the bottom, but they took away everything before I could do so. I always try to save the best for last, but this time, I lost out.** Baby Oyster Omelette- my guest loves this. Again, I am a fan of oysters and consider is the wine of seafood. Whole baby oysters are cooked between layers of egg with a sweet chili sauce to dip it into. The idea is interesting. Biting into the little babies randomly--although they seem to be arranged nicely--the experience is odd. I guess it wouldn't be traditional if the oyster were minced, since they also loose all their juices, but whole pieces was no enticing. I find the flavor of oyster to be particular and the simpler it is, the more you get from it.*** Chow Kueh Teow- these noodles have an interesting brown tint to them, based on the cooking sauce. Stir-fried, flat noodles mixed with shrimp, squid, chives, and other flavors. This seems to be a good staple dish to eat with other dishes, because the flavor isn't overwhelming or deep.*** Nyonya Seafood Fried Rice- this is a light-flavored rice, infused with seafood flavors. Pieces of squid, shrimp, and scallops can be found in every bite. Another refreshingly light compliment to other dishes. Yet, also nothing special or outstanding within these flavors.AtmosphereWood-paneling always seems to be a good idea for a restaurant setting. The look and feel had a newer, hip vibe to it; unlike any traditional Chinese restaurant, more on that later. Decorations were simple, and they also had tanks for fresh seafood. The art mural on the back wall was interesting, and stood out because of this.ServiceI was told this place is run by Chinese owners who cook Malaysian food. It definitely has the feel of a Chinese restaurant. In one picture, you can see a waitress is waiting between tables in case someone needs help. They weren't entirely friendly, and did take my chicken away before I could sample it.AmenitiesThere was an average, but usable restroom here. They also provided a traditional flavored oolong tea.ConclusionNyonya seems well-established with a strong customer base. I was told this comes very close to traditional Malaysian cooking. Perhaps, the mild flavors are part of that tradition. I think, if you come here often, and they know you well, you'll get great service.
It had been a while since I had Malaysian food, especially in my hometown.  So on Weds night, I was totally drooling as I speedwalked through Chinatown, looking forward to savory smooth beef rendang and luxurious coconut rice. I was surprised to see that the Bowery-Elizabeth "tunnel" Malaysian restaurant had been re-done and was turned off by the looks, so I went off to Nyonya.  I had only been to the old Penang before it closed, so it would be my first time.We ordered the homemade roti canai, beef rendang, and chicken curry.  The roti canai was yummy and we found a few cubes of tater in the sauce.  We were quite surprised to see that the beef rendang and chicken curry had the exact same sauce base.   Nevertheless, the beef cubes were chopstick tender, lean, and flavorful.  I was sad to be the "winner" at finding every piece of partially frozen chicken in the other plate.  And somehow the coconut rice didn't taste that fragrant to me?  Thank goodness for the rambutan drink to offer some flavor variety, and I did not begrudge the sweet fruit of its rubbery chewiness, because I know it came from a can and not peeled by the hands of a kitchen staff.Since Nyonya is one of the few Malay restos in lower Manhattan, I will keep it in rotation for my rare Malay cravings.  However, I believe I am very well past due for a Jackson Heights self-guided food tour - chubby dumplings, creamy dreamy beef rendang, crispy samosas, charming enchiladas, I am coming!
I was Nyonya's avid fan... till last Friday.  I am originally from Indonesia and with the lack of Indonesian restaurants in NYC, Nyonya used to offer dishes closest to what I can get from back home.  Heard that they moved across the street.  So excited so I organized a night out with my friends who I know are also fans of the restaurant.I was so disappointed.  The new place across the street is definitely modern and clean.... but I kinda miss the bamboo from the old place.  The new place is also bigger and I think that is one of the reason I think the operations wasn't as smooth when we were there.Here are my observations (unfortunately mostly negative)- they did increase price, think about 10-15%- they reduced their portion size, think about 1/3.  which was obvious because they used the same plates from the old place- service is slower.  i saw a lot of familiar faces from some of the waiters/waitresses.  but since the place is way bigger, guess they hired additional help or maybe not and hence the problem.- they forgot our hainanese chicken, didn't arrive until we were all done with the rest of our dishes.- no peanut pancake!!!!! WHAT?!?!?!?!- Some of the dishes changed a bit.  Ordered Char Kiew Tiau and it wasn't as dark and less sauce than it used to be.  Also the same with the Nyonya Sizzling Tofu.  These are my 2 favorite dishes and they are no longer the same :(Here are some of the must haves (at least pre-Friday)- Roti Telur  - give this a try, as an alternative from Roti Canai.  it has eggs and scallions inside.  Yummo!- Thai Chicken - I know, the name is weird, but it has the best sauce on top of the regular hainese chicken- Kangkung belacan - hollow veggie with belacan (shrimp paste sauce)- Nyonya sizzling tofu platter - just like it said. Soooo good.  Goes well with rice.- fried noodles are also great here, my favs are char kiew tiau (flat rice noodle), mee siam (thin rice noodle), indian mee goreng (round egg noodles - with lots of gravy)- Sarang Burong - fried mashed taro with seafood+veg inside.- Coconut or hainanese rice, i.o. of white riceFor dessert, try the Coconut pudding (they serve it inside the coconut shells), peanut pancake (so buttery and crispy its so good), pulut hitam (black rice pudding/soup - best for cold days)Honestly, I am really disappointed.  I hope this is just a temporary glitch from the recent move.  I plan to go back in a few weeks and hope that I can say, "forget it, this place is still awesome"
I decided to make November 4th - 11th Heather's Asian Food Spree Week. It started with Korean at Kun Jip, then Malaysian at Nyonya, then Chinese baked goods at Lung Moon, and will end with Japanese at Udon West. (Maybe dim sum at East Harbor?)Earlier this week I was in the mood for something spicy, something Asian, and something good... so I decided on Malaysian. Yelp kindly suggested I check out the 4 star rated Nyonya, so I rounded up my colleagues and we made the trip from lowly Downtown Brooklyn (lowly, because it lacks solid Asian food) to Chinatown. We were sat immediately and ordered from the lunch special menu - which includes rice and a soup. We also opted to split the roti appetizer. The roti was delicious - loved the curry dipping sauce that accompanied. The roti itself was very crisp, not greasy at all. The soup was fine - it was just a standard broth. As for the entrees - I ordered up the Sambal Shrimp - which while I enjoyed it I was hoping that there would be more mango than just a few slivers. My colleagues ordered the Shrimp with Eggplant and the King Pork Buff. The one who ordered the Shrimp with Eggplant was given some type of curry noodle dish instead - but didn't mind, because he wound up really enjoying it. Whoops. The King Pork Buff didn't last long on the other plate as the pork was cooked well - not dry at all. I loved the modern decor of Nyonya. It would definitely make for a nice casual dinner spot. Overall I thought Nyonya turned out to be a solid lunch option. A cheap sit down meal that didn't feel rushed at all. I do find it a little disappointing that this city lacks more options for Malaysian. I wish there were more than just a few spots to choose from.
Are you looking for a restaurant that's in a fun NYC neighborhood, can accommodate a group of people, is open and lively with a good ambience/decor, has great service and excellent food?  Oh, and offers all of this at an extremely reasonable price?  Go To Nyonya!5 of us walked in on a Tuesday night with no reservation at 8:30 pm  were seated immediately despite the fact that the place was quite busy. Plenty of large group tables facilitated this speed.  Our "guide" was an expert Foodie who had been here many times before, so we didn't even bother to look at the menus and he ordered several dishes for the table.  As others have noted, the roti canai is a wonderful appetizer, the satay is very moist with just a wiff of sweetness to it, and the beef randang was out of this world (like my grandma's soft beef stew with a definite kick to it!).  We had 1 other app, 1 noodle and 2 other vegetable dishes, plus the fish head curry (excellent, and I don't even like fish heads!).  We shared a bottle of cabernet and also 2 fruit drinks.  Total bill:  just $33 per person, including tax and tip! AMAZING food at a great price with excellent service and fun atmosphere.  GO!
Updated review*Supposedly this place was rated for having the best beef rendang. It was good but not up to par compared to other places I've been to in Flushing. The beef was not the most tender and the coconut rice lacked actual coconut flavor which defeats the purpose of paying an extra 50 cents. Still gave them a 4 because it is Manhattan *rolls eyes*"The roti canal is really great. They made it crispy yet soft so it doesn't crumble. But I find the best sauce is at Sentosa in Flushing (however their roti crumbles before I can put it in my mouth). If only I can combine the two! I like the hainanese chicken, however there was much meat on it, I would recommend getting the whole chicken. I also got the Nyonya Prawn Mee. It was good and not too salty but I would like to try other things on the menu. There's always a line outside, it's a 15 min wait."
BEST MALAYSIAN FOOD  ROTI CANAI!My best-friend and I come here all the time. The food never fails to deliver!  My favorite here is the Roti Canai as an appetizer and the Beef Rendeng w/the chicken rice as my entree! It's CASH ONLY, so make sure you go to the ATM before stopping here!
I have given up all hope of finding an authentic, delicious Malaysian restaurant.The roti canai is NOT supposed to be thin and crispy, folks. Real roti canai (which can be found in Toronto, of all places, aside from Malaysia), are layers upon layers of stretched dough that taste and look like a delicious fried pancake that you can dip and soak the curry up in.This chip-like, crispy mess that they're trying to pass off as roti, is a lazy version of that in my opinion. It has 2 layers at best, so when they go to fry it, it crisps rather than staying doughy and ooey gooey.The curry itself was okay, but without the pancake-y roti to soak it up, its a lost dish for me.The beef rendang was okay. Obviously it's better made at home, but it isn't as awful as Penang on the Upper East Side.I found it a bit too sweet for my liking, and I thought I detected heavy amounts of some sort of curry powder in there. Yuck.Will NOT be going back. I'll resign myself to never eating proper Malaysian food again until I go back to Toronto or visit Malaysia.
It's been way too long since I've eaten here.  I love this place and it's probably my favorite in the city for Malaysian food and I've been to many Malaysian spots in Chinatown.  The place has changed a bit to cater to its newer clientele however the food has remained pretty much delicious.They do an awesome chicken here, whether you're getting the Hainanese Chicken or the Spicy Thai Chicken, they're both excellent.  The chicken is always cooked to perfection never dry and always just tender and tasty.  The roti is also never wrong, the curry isn't too spicy or too bland.  I also enjoy the Sarang Burong and of course the Pineapple Fried Rice.  If I'm in the mood for noodles, I always opt for the Seafood Tom Yum noodles.  Everything is awesome here.  The dishes are flavorful and just on point!  The food is always consistent and the since their move to a bigger establishment, nothing has changed in terms of quality or quantity (portion size).  Even though the prices have gone up a bit, what place's prices haven't?  Overall, the price is still very reasonable and the food is delicious so really this is a great Malaysian spot.  Quick tip:  try to avoid this place on a Friday-Sunday nights.  It gets very busy and you maybe waiting quite a while.
Went there after hearing many people talking about their authentic Malaysian food. I've lived in Singapore 12 years so I had pretty high standards. And they didn't disappoint thankfully.We got the roti, sweet and sour pork, sambal shrimp, kangkong and boy did it remind me of the good old times I had in Singapore. I would hesitate to say they are the exact same authentic thing, but they're pretty darn close. And that's pretty awesome based on the fact that they're in NYC.My friends who were trying Malaysian food for the first time really enjoyed it, and we finished every single dish clean.Will definitely come here again when I miss Singaporean/Malaysian food. For people who've never tried Southeast Asian food at all, this is a great place to start.
The food was delicious! We had ordered the Roti Canai (of course) and the roti was huge, it had the right about of curry to go with it too. We also ordered the fried pearl noodles and that was very good, the portion size was also just right we finished it.The waiters were confusing, we had several ones and they forgot to get my water, and one was very rude when we asked them for more water he just stared at us and kept walking. RUDE!
I go to Nyonya pretty regularly and since I went to the Grand St location twice in one weekend, I figured I should review it at least once. The docked star is for how often servers ask us if we're ready (three different people in five minutes). Parties are not assigned one specific server, so this can be good in that you can ask anyone for anything, but it can also be annoying in terms of ordering and constantly asking you if you're done with the dishes.The lighting is dim and decor very nice. Of course it is very loud and noisy, but the one star I took away is not for this reason (stated above), because I find the noise level to be very normal for a restaurant in Chinatown, especially one where larger groups frequent. We always, ALWAYS get the roti canai, which is a light doughy bread and a little bowl of curry. The consistencies of the bread may differ- once it was really crispy and not great to dip with, but the other time it was doughy and a little thicker, just right. I also usually get the Soya Bean Milk with Grass Jelly. It's a really light and refreshing drink to go with any dish.I know some people order family-style at Nyonya, but my friends and I usually get our own dishes. I've recently had the Salted Fish Fried Rice and the Pearl Noodles in a Clay Pot, both of which were great! I'm going to review the noodles, because I know they're going to be a favorite of mine. The pearl noodles are very small and short, kind of like worms, and can be difficult to pick up (but it's well worth the effort). The broth comes with eggs, beef, bean roots, and tons of seafood. It was extremely hearty and came to me warm and delicious. It's a great dish for someone in a group who doesn't necessarily want to share their food!
Everything I have ever had here over the years has been awesome.  Having just returned from S. E. Asia/Singapore I can now say that Nyonya is the bomb.We dont' have a lot of Malaysian choices in NYC but what we do have is really good and you don't have to go to Queens to partake.Everyone gets the roti canai because it's just that good.  It often feels like a throwaway dish at Malaysian places but Nyonya really put their heart and soul into it.  I could just drink the sauce from the bowl.  Their curry laksa is my new favorite dish; it has all sorts of stuffed veggies and tofu in it.  I usually order it with the rice noodles as I find the regular egg noodles too chewy and filling.  My chinese friend loves their hainanese chicken, and the beef chow fun is especially delicious with the pickled chillies on the side. Definitely try the stuffed deep fried tofu with peanut sauce. It's very messy to eat but worth it.     Service is spotty but I really couldn't care less as long as they get the food to me without delay.
The food here is an oral explosion of tastiness. I've visited twice and gotten the Nasi Lemak on both ventures. It reminded me of East Indian curry chicken from my childhood, it is also a very spicy dish so I would not recommend it if you don't like spicy food. The pineapple fried rice is delicious and so is the duck. There is always hot tea at your table when you're seated. The food is great, the portions are plentiful without being overwhelming, the service is efficient, the decor is calming and pleasant, you are usually seated quickly (I went on a friday evening and sunday late afternoon) and the location is convenient. This is a cash only restaurant so don't forget to stop at the atm.
I've eaten all kinds of Asian food but never Malaysian cuisine. The BFF  I stopped in (at the recommendation of our NYC transplant friend) after getting foot massages near Canal St. I was a little intimidated by the menu-it's always so hard to know what to get at a new restaurant, so I ended up getting something I was familiar with-an oldie, but goodie: wonton mee (egg noodles in chicken broth with shrimp pork wonton) and the BFF ordered a beef plate (i believe it was the curried beef.) Both very aromatic  brimming with flavor. The roti they serve as an appetizer was buttery and the curry dipping sauce was spicy. The only complaint I have about the curry is that there is oil or fat floating on the surface. It wasn't too appetizing at first, but once I got over it  dug in, the actual flavor was pretty good.I would definitely try this place again if I was in the area because the service was fast, the food is dirt cheap and it looked like there were more locals rather than tourists eating here (a sign of consistently good food.)
nyonya is spacious and is a great, affordable place for groups. i was excited for my meal when the appetizers came out - the roti canai and the fried intestines were very good. however, the cheow kuh teow was super unimpressive. considering that this is a dish that's pretty easy to make delicious, i was very disappointed. the watercress was also really dry. my friend's curry mee was amazing though. definitely will order that if i ever return
I LOVE Nyonya. This spot is good, but my loyalty lies with the Brooklyn location, where I used to go with my family as a tyke. I always get the Seafood Scramble here, which is a great big serving of fried noodles, squid, shrimp, scallops and veggies in a mysteriously delicious gravy. Cash only here! The restaurant's pretty, though it gets quite busy and cramped because of how the tables are spaced. But unless you're getting up a lot it shouldn't matter: just sit ya butt down and have some Scramble or any other tasty dishes off the fried noodle menu.
I ate here with a group of friends.  I'm vegetarian so I ordered the spinach and the egg-tofu.  The two dishes were solid.  I also liked how you can select the type of rice you want: there's brown, chicken rice or white rice.  only thing to watch out for is that they only take cash, which made splitting the bill inconvenient (one star deduction).
Every time I enter a Malaysian restaurant, ready to order a curry dish, I take one look at the menu and back out at the last minute and order my predictable dish: the spicy Thai chicken with rice. Ah, whatever. I like my comfort zone foods, but I vow to actually try curry one of these days.Anyway, the spicy Thai chicken with rice was good. It was only 25 cents more than what I usually pay for the dish at Flushing's Sentosa, and that was because I wanted white meat (I thought this dish only used white meat, but oh well). I loved that they didn't include the chicken skin in mine, even though they included it in my friend's dish when she ordered the same thing. Hmm. Lucky me, I guess? I could see that this dish was less oily than it usually is in other places. The sauce wasn't as spicy, but it still had a small kick to it, so I guess I'm satisfied. The best part is that they served it with the herbed rice that I usually see served with Hainanese chicken!I must also say that a big reason this place is getting five stars is because I love the bathroom. It's so beautiful and uniquely designed. The sinks look like huge bowls, heehee. But one thing that bugs me is that you can kind of see people behind the bathroom doors. No details of course (because that would just be disturbing), but you can see shapes and outlines. It's a little unnerving.
What the hell are these people on Yelp smoking? This restaurant was pretty bad. The only saving grace was the Roti Canai, the Hainanese chicken rice and the relatively cheap price but everything was pretty NOT great.Atmosphere was okay,  but in the middle of chinatown. On a Wednesday night, maybe they have bad chefs? The noodles tasted bad, the soup was okay ... But I would never take my friends again here. The service was okay, a little on the unfriendly side.
Grew up eating this and fell in love with hainanese chicken ever since. Can't seem to find the same quality in the west coast has to resort to listing it as a must eat every time I come back to NYC for it.
Love the roti canai here.Tried a couple of the noodle dishes here, pearl noodles, hokkien char mee, both very good.  Also tried the hainese chicken, which was good.  Quick service.
DEFINITELY try their roti canai appetizer! It's definitely a good place for cheap and delicious food! My friend and I got the hainanese chicken with the special chef sauce and an order of malaysian style ong choy and I have to admit, it was really really good. As most people would say, this is definitely the BEST malaysian place in manhattan! NYONYA, you guys get two thumbs up from me along with a big cheesy smile! :D
I was craving some cheap Malaysian food, so I stopped here on the recommendations of fellow Yelpers. Umm. The food was so-so, and the service sucks. Also. It's smack dab right in the middle of Chinatown, so trying to manuever the crowded streets with my umbrella didn't make for a pleasant experience.The interior is red and low-lighted, and CROWDED. My mom, sister, and I went for dinner about 7 PM and it was packed with people. The bathroom is really sketchy: the stalls are opaque glass, so you can see through. Gross.The food we got is as follows: roti canai (SO GOOD! who knew pancakes with curry sauce would be addicting? I could LIVE off it.), mee siam (tasted like spicy pad thai), steamed watercress (why can't they make a proper vegetarian dish without giving us something that looks like they took from the freezer, steamed it for five hours, and dumped some sauce on it?), and curry noddles (the highlight of the meal, wow). The roti canai and curry noodles were the best parts of the meal.Service here sucks. Seriously. The servers don't know who got what food, how to differentiate tables, and how to give their diners a glass of ice water. That really pisses me off, when restaurants don't know how to please their guests, so this is one restaurant that I won't be coming back to any time soon.
I am a long-time fan of Nyonya. Whenever I'm in the neighbourhood and need a hit of intense savoury flavours, I'm at 194 Grand St, pawing at the door like everyone else. :)This menu is for people with hollow legs; you're going to need that space! For starters, I always get Roti Telur or Canai: fail-safe. Also an order of okra with XO sauce. If I have enough people with me, an oyster omelette. After that, THE PRAWN MEE. That broth is pure distilled shrimpy and char-siu-ey goodness. I am usually unable to stop myself from polishing off the entire bowl, despite the fact that it's probably horrible for me.Finally, to soothe your spiced-up palate and sate your dessert stomach---I assume everyone here has one? you've got one right? If you don't, you should because it's, like, really good? -- coconut pudding. Or the peanut pancake. I like both, but at this point I'm going to assume you don't have the room for anything more taxing than pudding. Pudding just slides down, all smooth. Plus, it comes in a hollowed-out coconut shell (with an umbrella!), and is very coconutty.And there you go! What I think of as The Nyonya Experience! Bring cash, btw, they don't take card.(P.S.: Not really a date spot)
I guess I didn't know what to order besides Roti Canai which was delicious.  The service was a bit off, but as a vegetarian what should I get here?  It seemed like a bunch of Chinese food I ordered.  I would be willing to give it another try.However, inexpensive meal for sure.
Came here on a friday night and absolutely loved it.  Have loved Malaysian food ever since I visited Singapore and Nyonya did not disappoint.We got the roti canal which was fantastic and interesting, and then I got the Laksa. Spicy, curry goodness. The space is huge and chic as fast, cheap, asian places go. The beer and wine is very cheap also. This is a great place to have a birthday dinner-- cheap enough for everyone to eat, drink and be merry.  Also, its location is great to go out downtown.  All the dishes I tried were excellent.
nyonya in brooklyn is my place to go to eat every time.Today i decide to try the nyonya in chinatown. And its the worst decision ever! I order the fried golden squid,(my fav all the time) the order came out wrong! They bring something else squid!  i ask her about it, and tell her i didnt order this. she even didn't say sorry but instead she raising her voice to me, Saying im the one that order it. OMJI she is the worst waiters that i ever meet in my life!! And she just put the food in my table and left. not even changing it.  WOW!!
Pretty great food. My friends and I had dinner here the other night and had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated (it was about 8 o'clock).We ordered the watercress, their signature seafood noodles, and the roti. Can I just say how delicious the coconut rice is? YUM!Bottom line: I would come back here at a time when it's not so busy.
Recently, I ordered from this Restaurant and doubt I'll go back again. The lady did not give the right amount of changes back when paid my food...
I've been going here for yearsss and I tell EVERYONE I know about this place. It's perfect. Amazing (an understatement) food with great variety, great atmosphere, sweet staff (especially given how busy it always is), and always worth the wait. I think the prices are very reasonable (and I rarely think that of most NYC restaurants like this). I really loved their curry dishes (that soupppp), and all their beef and chicken is great. The coconut ice cream is incredible... I can talk about this place forever haha. Come, and bring friends! Remember: it's cash only! :)
If you're in the neighborhood, this is a great place to grab lunch or dinner. The service was friendly and the orders came very quick, but maybe that was because we went in at around 4pm for dinner? Anyway, nothing bad to say about the place. The roti canal, beef rendang, and hainanese chicken were all very tasty.
Went to Nyonya at the suggestion of my slightly picky / high maintenance friend. Early Friday dinner. In a nutshell, they were awesome. The food is absolutely delicious, the staff accommodated all her demands. I cannot say enough good things about the staff, overall they are pretty hands off (which I really like. Can't stand overly solicitous servers) Started to get crowded around 8:30 ish. Great value for money. Note that its cash only.
So many reviewers already state the yummy dishes, so I'm going to be brief:Wait: Monday 2:30pm -- no wait.  Got the table immediately.Service: Good and prompt, not too buddy-buddy but friendly enough.Food: pretty good but I've had better Malaysian before (outside of NYC).  Everything we ordered tasted good but SO GREASY.  It actually felt really heavy.  The food came out very quickly after we ordered.Bill: about $30/person for 2 appetizers, 2 main courses and 2 beers.  Cash only though -- be sure to visit the ATM before dining!Verdict: will go back if I'm in the neighborhood but not too often -- otherwise my workout efforts will have zero results!  And also would want to explore other Malaysian options in Chinatown before going back to Nyonya -- in hopes of finding something similar to what I've had before.
a health dept. rating of A in chinatown?  omg yes.this is one of my favorite spots in chinatown.  i miss the old location across the street with the wooden facade, but the food is still great.house special shrimp, ipoh bean sprouts, hainese chicken, kangkung belacan, roti (?), coconut rice, mango shrimp, beef rendang, string beans with shrimp, pork chops, casseroles.....lunch specials are a good deal for $6.50.  better than waiting in the cattle line for a burrito bowl at soho chipotle for $8.50.  wtf chipotle??
I love malaysian food, but this place didn't meet my expectations.  There is a wide selection with a huge menu of things to choose from.  I've had 4 different dishes here, but none of them were amazing.  Food is okay, atmosphere is nice, service is average.  One BIG CON about this place is that they only accept cash.  So remember to hit up an ATM before going!
Tasty, Authentic Malaysian hole in the wall with a classy twist. I really liked the interior dark wood panels and bar made it feel a high class paying low class prices.This being the first Malaysian culinary experience of my life, I definitely went all out and ordered several items on the menu in addition to wine. One of the poofy bread dishes required me to use my hands so i felt it was a somewhat authentic experience. The beef rendang stew was very hearty and fulfilling. Any sort of Asian Food you get, eat with rice. I just remember inhaling the beef rendang, pairing it with a house shiraz, and then zoning out of my friends' conversations for the next 20 minutes. I could definitely see myself bringing a date here or a good friend here for a deep, hearty conversation.
Damn good Malaysian food.Try the Roti for sure.  I had the Roti Telur (pancake filled w/ eggs  onions) and it was quite substantial.  Like a deep-fried onion omelet w/ spicy curry chicken sauce.  The regular Roti Canai is similar to a thin deep fried crepe, also accompanied w/ the same delicious curry chicken sauce.I highly recommend the Shrimps w/ String Beans lunch special.  Mostly string beans, only 4 pcs of shrimp, but the real hero of the dish is the meaty shrimp paste.  I have to refrain from licking the plate.Also, the Masak Lemak is amazing (basically spicy Malaysian stir fry) if you like a little heat to your dish.  As described on the menu, "green  red peppers, onions, carrots, mushrooms, dried shrimp, diced red chilis,  ginger in a spicy aromatic chili gravy."  The flavors mix together and soar over your tastebuds, leaving little pleasant burning sensation behind.Great atmosphere in the restaurant, and the dishes/presentation look nice too.  Definitely gonna go here more often.
This is a special gem on Grand Street. Malaysian style with a touch of Chinese influence. 1.) Food: AMAZING!!! We (a group of 3) ordered: Homemade Roti Canai (One of the most popular dishes here), Baby Oyster Omelette (5 starts for sure!), Kang Kung Belacan (Must try!!), Nyonya House Special (or Steamed Striped Bass in Teow Chow Style??), Nyonya Young Tofu (Great egg noodles). Drinks: Sour Plum (This drink will save your tongue from the hotness of the food) + Green Apple  Kiwi2.) Service: GREAT! The lady who served us was very friendly and funny. She didn't rush us at all, which is hard to find in many Asian restaurants. Other staff was nice too. My friend put his phone near the edge of the table. A man working here gently moved my friend's phone and he said, "This way, the phone won't drop."3.) Price: $$.You get what you pay for in terms of the quality of the food and the service. 4) Waiting: NOT SO MUCH. We were lucky to have a table when we walked in. Others came later and they were in line waiting. However, they didn't wait very long.5.) Other: The bathroom was clean. The room was very cozy for such a cold winter night outside. I really liked the way they designed the restaurant. People weren't talking too loud. Recommended to everyone whether you are single, couple, "in-the-friend-zone" friends, long-time-no-see buddies, get-together crews, etc. Also, if you are sick with General Tso Chicken and craving for new Asian food, this place is definitely for you to enjoy and discover!
Prior to visiting this restaurant, I researched and read some reviews. On a recent trip to NYC, we decided to check it out and glad we did. The food is just like how it is cooked and made in Malaysia, so what you bet is the real deal. It's delicious, fast, and very reasonably priced. Try the Curry Mee, Roti Canai, Satay, and Beef Rendang to name a few. I highly recommend to anyone wanting some food from Malaysia.
I came here because I am trying to eat one dish from every country on the planet, including different lifestyle diets, such as gluten, vegan, raw etc.Nyonya was highly recommended on yelp and it was restaurant week, so I went for it. My boyfriend and I had the nasi lemak and a curry with rice noodles and young tofu. I liked the curry, the nasi lemak... not so much. But what the hell, right? Gotta try new things! Id definitely recommend the restaurant, because it has a very authentic malaysian vibe, but be aware that there is no outside seating... so visiting the restaurant during the cooler season might be advisable. Too many nice outdoorsy restaurants around to be stuck inside in summer!
Went here and true to everyone's posts the roti conai and the beef rendang were awesome.  We also had the hainanese chicken and steamed spring rolls, which were ok, but not really my thing.  Would definitely go back.  The service was great and the wait was only 15 minutes.
I have to say that this place has gone downhill. I tried the sizzling seafood platter tonight, and I was sorely disappointed. First of all, it was not sizzling. It consisted of rubbery scallops, squid, and shrimp, which were also uncleaned. The mushrooms were canned.  The sauce seemed to consist solely of pepper and cornstarch. For the price, I felt that it should have come with rice.  The lemon iced tea was good but was about 75% ice.
I went to Nyonya with two other people... I couldn't tell you if I was sitting next to my roommate or my GF, all I can remember from that night was the image of my arms in front of me swooping at impossible speeds, testing sauces, dipping breads, devouring rices, and tearing through the unbelievable meats. Nyonya is a 5 star restaurant... not for a second did I think otherwise. I wish I could list every dish that I ordered, but I just told the waitress to bring out the best dishes from each category.The anger perpetuated by the one hour wait shortly evaporated after eating one of their unbelievable chicken wings. I didn't eat all day, so don't hate on me for fully consuming 8 dishes...Everything I ordered was perfect, and from what i've heard and experienced, Nyonya is on par with Malaysia's best.  I ordered: Roti Canai,Nyonya Lobak,Nyonya Seafood Rice Noodle, Nasi Lemak, Nyonya Chicken Wings, Mango Chicken, Duck With Ginger  Scallion Over Rice... and maybe two other dishes that I can't recall. I can say without a doubt that the Nasi Lemak was the best rice dish I ever had... end of story. If your not sure of what to order, ask the waitress or waiter... he/she will not let you down. Saying the staff was friendly would be a lie, but you need to take into consideration that this place was packed as hell... this restaurant is in the heart of chinatown so as you would expect, the English language was of no importance to the server... but I kind of liked that, I really felt like I was out of NYC and in the heart of Malaysia. Bottom Line: If you enjoy ethnic food, you better get your ass to this restaurant... it will NOT let you down... and I guarantee you that you will leave their very satisfied and wanting more.  After licking the sauces off the dishes... I think I even licked the neighboring table's dishes... I was expecting a $100-120 bill. Boy was I surprised, for three people and 8 dishes the meal cost $60... I was blown away, and pleasantly surprised.Any restaurant that has an opposite spectrum rating ie. a one dollar sign rating and a 5 star dining experience rating, is an absolute must!Side Note: They only take cash... uh, and also, don't use any ATM's on grand street... I'm pretty sure that my debit card was compromised that night.
Good food but not mind blowing. Polite and very fast service. Ambiance is casual with no frills but slightly dingy. Not too expensive. Come with friends and dine family style.
I LOVE this place!!The roti canai is amazing - i crave it ...constantly. The little bowl of chicken curry it comes with is so tasty as well. I once made the mistake of attempting to make it home. Disaster. I can't duplicate this goodness.Almost everything else I've tried here is amazingly good too...
I had a good meal here yes - but as a Singaporean, I found the food not very authentic. The biggest disappointment was the chicken rice chilli. Didn't satisfy my cravings for my favorite dish ever. Sad. Why can't people get the chilli right? It's so integral. But they do still serve yummy food in general. Just lower your expectations for authenticity if you're Singaporean or Malaysian.
Tasty and inexpensive. A true gem in Little Italy. Been here plenty of times and the food has been consistently good. I believe this is a branch of the famous "penang" chain. This used to be a small hole in the wall joint which has now expanded into a much bigger restaurant right across the street to the old place. Dishes to try - Roti Canai  Roti Telur- Nasi LemakIts ironic but true that this is probably this Malaysian restaurant is probably the most popular restaurant in Little Italy. Used to be cash only. Not sure whether this has changed in the last few months.
This is an affordable restaurant for good Asian food. I like their Singapore rice noodles, Hainanese chicken, drinks and tong-shui dessert. Chinese Tong-shui is popular in Asian, but not in New York.  Therefore not many Asian restaurants offer Tong-Shui.  However, this restaurant serves this dessert.
I came here last week with a friend because this place has such good reviews but I really wasn't impressed. As mentioned in my profile I'm a picky eater (no red meat, no shellfish and no chicken on bone) and even though the menu was like 5 pages there really wasn't much for me to select from. Their "vegetables" section mostly lists dishes with shrimp or pork. I ended up getting some kind of noodle and veggie dish. It was ok but nothing special.I did like the home made roti canai appetizer and the fact that the staff let us sit around drinking tea for like an hour after we finished our dinner.
Let me start by saying I love this place for a great variety of food and awesome curry dishes! Service very often forgetful, and almost every other time i have been here something didn't make it to my table, or I had to ask for it a few times. Still I keep coming back for a good casual meal with friends. Except today I witnessed something aweful. While I was in the bathroom one of the waitresses left the bathroom stall without washing her hands and went out into the dining hall to pour tea and serve food!! I was simply speechless!! I was next to her in the washroom and right behind her leaving - completely in shock! My friends asked why I didnt report it to the manager? At that point we were already leaving and my friends were waiting outside. Ugh I don't know but maybe I should have. I'm completely disgusted! The wait stuff must be re-educated on amount of diseases caused by simply not washing hands!!
Great place for thai food. I had dinner with a friend here and I wasn't expecting too much but it was fantastic! Their nan was great- slightly crispy but still soft and all their curry dishes were so good. I got some other chicken dish as well, but I think next time I'll stick with the curry. I came here without a huge appetite, which was a big mistake. Next time I come here, I need to have a hungry stomach! I wanted to keep eating but I couldn't =(
Shouts to May K's suggestions.  My wife and I ordered- roti canai This was our opener to see if the little pepper on the menu meant "really spicy" or "we are required by law to put this here because there are whiny people in this world spicy".  It's sauce, actually a soupy curry with potatoes and chicken (in a separate little cup) is lightly spicy and delicious.  The roti is flaky and tasty on it's own.  As of this writing, I was informed that the curry is not on the menu, but you can order a large bowl for $6.-curry chickenDear sweet lord...this is good.  And it's a different curry than the roti canai sauce, so there was a nice variety.  It comes with white rice and four mini spears of cucumber to help cleanse and cool the palate.  We ordered a small bowl for $1 more, best buy all night!-the black gelatinous rice in coconut, served warm for 2.75 (that's right, I can't remember the name)Oh man, at first it didn't taste creamy or rich, like rice pudding we've grown accustomed to, or been spoiled by.  But it grew on us, so much so that we ordered a second bowl.  Great suggestion by a server / bus person.We were already plotting our second visit two bites in to the curry chicken.Also as of this writing, bringing your own liquor or wine bottles is permitted at the tune of $7 a bottle.
Absolutely delicious! We had the chicken satay and roti canai as appetizers and both tasted delicious! If the roti canai was crispier (like most Malaysians love it 'garing'), it would be even more perfect. The beef rendang tasted heavenly and the sauce, I had every single drop of it. Prawn noodle was delicious, good broth. Service is friendly and fast, love the decor of the restaurant, trendy and clean. The only down side is they do charge you for the rice ... even though most restaurants would only charge if you ask for additional rice.
Oh, I just love this place - so many flavors, spices and coconut curries, and quite the menu! I've had lots of roti canai, but theirs is the best - some of my favorites: oyster omelet, Hainanese chicken, chow kueh teow, kariayam, watercress, shrimp with okra, pad thai, and crabs cooked with duck's egg. Everything is excellent - and I recommend going with a huge group so you can try lots of dishes.
This is a legitimate Malaysian restaurant nestled in the busy streets of Chinatown/Little Italy. They don't accept credit cards so make sure to bring enough cash for a delicious meal! Try their fried pearl noodles w/seafood, stir-fried okra with shrimp paste (lady fingers) and the roti-canai (appetizer)!! It's one of the best Malaysian restaurants around!
Nice place. Was seated super fast, service was good. Roti was indeed delish, but other dishes weren't as impressive as I was expecting based on previous yelp reviews.
Had a fabulous dinner here on a Sunday evening.  Four in our party- we were seated immediately, without reservations.  The place is large!Each of us ordered something different, tho' we shared 2 appetizers, and every meal was really excellent.  The spicy curry dish I ordered was spicy but not mouth-numbing; perfect!  The soy beverage my cousin  I ordered was tasty, sweet but not cloying.  We didn't bother with dessert - hey, Ferraro's is right next door!  We definitely will come back here!
Most authentic Nyonya food in NYC, the price is very reasonable.  Getting a table full of food still won't break the bank.  Unlike many fusion Malaysia, South east Asia restaurant.  This place keep it as authentic as they can, they don't really go for the modern food look or modern America ingredients rather they keep the dishes the same ways they were cook hundred of years ago. That might be why the Malaysia tourism broad and Malaysia kitchen chose to feature this restaurant to represent the Malaysia food culture.  I also heard that the Malaysia prime minster even went there for dinner during his visit last month. All fame aside, I went with my friends a few weeks ago for $50 we got 3 huge dishes and appetizers.  We are full and can't finish all.
It had been over 12 years since I had been to Nyonya, and when GF from out of town wanted to go, I was ready to indulge her, since she's 15 weeks pregnant.  I remember it being a little hole in the wall place with fluorescent lights, crowded round tables and plastic checkered tablecloths.  Basically, Penang's poorer sibling.I was pleasantly surprised at the makeover the restaurant had undergone during that time!  A definite upgrade, and it was nice that the menu prices didn't reflect the new (well, in my eyes) decor.  Went with the signature roti canai appetizer, which still holds up after all these years.  You certainly don't feel self-conscious eating it Indian-style, sans fork and spoon.  It is perfectly portioned to leave room for the entrees, which are pretty sizeable.Tough choice, given the lunch menu options, but I went with the Chicken w/Ginger  Scallion over Rice, which was flavorful and light (I've been on this ginger kick since coming back from Cambodia), and left me plenty to take home, even after filling up.  And seriously, it tasted good for breakfast AND lunch the next day.  Perfect for a lunch spot when you are trying to escape the crowds of Soho, or want to celebrate a victorious fake bag purchase on Canal Street.
A taste of home! Pretty good food at a great price! The menu has a variety of options so it's best to come with a group of people and share.
Love this restaurant. The Indian Mee Goreng reminds me of Japanese yakisoba stir fried with cardamom. A subtle and delightful flavor. What wasn't so delightful was the racist white couple that was seated next to me. The woman could barely suppress her distaste at being seated next to a 30-something Asian woman at a Chinese restaurant. It's amazing how I never get looks like this from black or Latino customers at restaurants...only from whites. This is why I tend to patronize Asian restaurants where the wait staff and customers don't treat a lone Asian female diner like some kind of leper (yes, I do earn more than enough money to eat at your stupid 3-star Michelin restaurant). But I won't be made uncomfortable at my local restaurant in Chinatown. So, you know who you are--white people with the strong racial seating preferences--Rosa Parks fixed this problem in the fifties so you need to get with the program! This is a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. If you don't like eating dinner next to Asian people then don't come here!
I visited it one time when it was across the street. I enjoyed all the dishes then and meant to come back.  After a few years, here I am, except the restaurant is now across the street from where it used to be. (I think?)My first impression of the waitresses who greeted us was snotty. But I am here to enjoy delicious food with my other half, so we can care less for her attitude.  That being said, I am assuming that it was her concerns that, due to its location being in ctown and attracts tourists who are unfamiliar with the Malaysian, when she asked us if we knew what we are getting, when we ordered the Crispy Pork Intestines.  The winner of all the dishes we ordered was the shrimp with Okra.  The mixture of the shrimp and tomatoes pastes were cooked perfectly to go with savory okras.  We could not stop mixing the sauce in rice.
I've never eaten at a Malaysian restaurant, but Yelp pointed me in this direction with so many reviews.  We had arrived around 6:15 PM on a Friday night and got seated promptly.  There were a few groups of people waiting along the wall by the entrance so initially, I was afraid of a long wait time, but we were seated as as soon as we got there.  Service was attentive and quick.  We ordered 3 dishes:Roti Canai - I've never eaten Malaysian food before this so please forgive any ignorance.  I'd compare this to a stretched out piece of crispy naan that was served with a nice curry sauce.  This was a delicious appetizer.  I recommend saving the curry dipping sauce for pouring over any left over rice.  I don't know if it was rude or improper to do that, but it was delicious.  The server even cleaned up the plate and moved the glass of left over curry on the table when all we had left was rice so I am assuming this was a common occurrence.Hainanese Chicken with Rice - This was a very simple, clean tasting dish served cold with the skin.  A few pieces of chicken had bones, but this was as described on the menu.  I was fairly underwhelmed by the chicken.  It wasn't particularly tasty or flavorful.  The rice was yellowish, which I'm assuming was flavored.  The rice had some subtle hints of chicken but nothing note-worthy.Prawn Mee - Excellent.  I thoroughly enjoyed this.  The broth was very flavorful, well-seasoned, and had taken on the taste of the shrimp/prawns very well (not sure if they were truly prawns).  The noodles by themselves carried the same taste of the broth which surprised me.  There were a few pieces of meat that tasted like they were in the soup a little too long and were a little tough, but that didn't detract from the overall dish.  I would definitely get this again if I returned.I noticed the restaurant filled up pretty quickly after we arrived there.  And by the time we left, there were people lined up out the door waiting for a table (around 7:30 PM).
This place SUCKS!!!!!!!!!I ordered food at 7 and it still has not arrived at all after 2hours and 35minutes. Made several calls, person on the other end always put me on hold and the call got disconnected again. Finally someone promised to deliver again within 30minutes. Another 30minutes have passed, and nothing happened. NO APOLOGY and NO EXPLANATION of what happened. The person first tried to lie to me that I gave them the wrong address. And then another came to say that it's because they deliver food to my work address instead of home address. BUNCH OF LIARS. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COST. THEY DIDN'T EVEN OFFER TO REFUND. When I ask for the manager, they simply said the manager is out.I used to order food from this place often, I WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN!!!!! THE ANGER FROM BAD SERVICE I got is simply the worst ever I have experienced.
Much like the Penang of the area, it's a Malaysian restaurant that's located within the Chinatown radius.The menu is almost exactly like that of Penang, interestingly enough.The Hainanese chicken is good, chilled and tasty, few bones and a good amount of hot sauce and soy. The garlic chicken was deep fried and dry, though. Sizzling tofu was great, and the sizzling beef okay, but not enough of the dishes in my opinion. Deep fried sweet  sour whole fish wasn't bad, but it was a bit too crisp at the tail. And the roti canai was good, although the curry lacked a piece of chicken in it to gnaw on like most places. Spicy kong xing cai (Chinese water spinach) was good, too. Hainanese chicken rice was okay, others had the coconut rice, but the rice is a broken short grain, interesting and different for those not used to it.Overall, not bad, they were flexible serving a large group of 9, and added chairs at our request. They seat reservations, and they have a good set of swift staff cleaning off the table as you finish off dishes (they don't hold anything in the kitchen, they just bring it out when ready). Busy, too, they have a lot of people there packed in eating.Also, the guy's bathroom - long thin entry corridor, makes one cringe when going through it past the entry door because who knows how a fat person could make it through? Rather disgusting on that side.
I went here for lunch this past weekend and had a terrible time. I ordered the same meal i always do and it came out totally different. First of all, they messed it up and said I wanted my soup spicy which was not the case. They finally brought me the right order and it was nothing like I have ever seen! Big disappointment....i will give this place another try, but if they do this to me again, they'll see me walk out that door for good.
Great taste of south asian cuisine. We had stir fried water cress with malachen sauce and it was delightful.This place is cash only. As it is fairly inexpensive, it should not break your wallet.
A favorite.Frequented numerous times for many years, when they were across the street.Malaysian has to be my favorite of all Asian cuisines and My BFF Brenda took me hear in the late 1990s.  Although Korean Beef BBQ ribs in Flushing Qns is a close 2nd.Love the dishes period.  Bring cash.  Service is fast.  Don't be scared to try different dishes on the menu.Btw, there is a lovely Italian designer next door, that sells amazing blouses!  Check her out, can't remember the store's name.
The appetizers that we had were delicious.  Forgot the name...but it is number 1 in the appetizer section.  Out comes a thin chewy pancake that you could mix with a chicken curry sauce.  The flavors were great.The Hannaise Chicken was mediocre; reminds me of the shoyu steamed chicken that Chinese people like to eat.We also had the coconut jumbo prawns, which were delicious but a bit too oily for me.  I was expecting the coconut flavor to be stronger but the oil overpowered it.  Glad that they had a brown rice option for the health conscious.Verdict:  I'll come here again, order the same appetizers, but try different entres.
Great food!  The lunch special is awesome! $6.50 for an entree, you can't go wrong.  Ordered the Roti Canai, which is basically an Indian flat bread served with curry sauce, pretty good although I wish there was more sauce.Then we ordered the Nasi Lemak, which was a flavorful curry chicken dish.  I really like getting the Hunan Chicken which is boiled chicken complete with three dipping sauces and sweet rice.  Overall good food and a nice price!
Amazing stuff here, dont miss it, its the bomb!   I would go back weekly if I could just to try everything, insanely large menu, and very FUSION with Indian spices as well as china , thai, korean, fresh and tasty, I had some things I can only wish to get there again to have.   I recommend the Roti Canai appetizer, its insane!  We ordered another right after eating one!   The LARGE Shrimp are like lobster, but yo uhave to crack and peel them so beware, if you want to work for succulent morsels go for it, but it can get messy.   I would slam my face in this stuff if I could to eat it, but I dont have too, its just there for the taking.   Enjoy, this is as good at it gets!  Newest Biggest Fan in the World!   Bravo  5 star china town fusion...Bravo!   Again please!
Their indian pancake with eggs were good as was the herbal soup. The braised duck was slightly below average and expectation. Service was strange - with a seemingly an abundant amount of servers, our table was not cleared of emply dishes. We even caught them glimpsing over and looking at it then proceeded to walk away. Giving the small table they provided us, there was a dire need for tablespace.
After so many wonderful photos and reviews- and word of mouth over the years- I finally ordered from Nyonya. I ordered delivery- so I expect that some of my dismay came from the fact that the satay was 'cool' (in temp) and the roti canai pancakes just weren't fresh outta the kitchen, onto a tabletop. I also felt that the roti canai sauce was a little watery. I've had better.I ordered the smaller sized Seafood Tomyam Rice Noodle Soup--- for about 6.95 or so.. It was 1 quart of delicious, cilantro blessed spicy broth.. packed with tender squid, shrimps, scallops and mushrooms. Then, on the side, a container of rice noodles.  Awesome- and enough for 2-3 people to share.We also ordered the Beef Curry with Rice- and we were both really impressed. The sauce was so rich, flavorful and spicy. The beef was literally falling apart simply by using your fork. This was the best dish we ordered... and will order again.Very happy.. Though next time I will certainly go to the restaurant and dine in.. and revisit this review.
I actually quite like malaysian food.  Unfortunately the restaurants where one might eat it, tend to have very few vegetarian options.  As I recall I had the buddhist delight, which was delicious.  Similar to chinese food, but spiced differently.  Also had some fried tofu with bean sprouts and peanut sauce.  I also recall trying Achat, which apparently is a malay dish often served at weddings or something like that...If you eat fish, there are a lot more options here, and of course if you eat pork, you got the whole menu.  Hopefully someday I will find a vegetarian malaysian place to try.  That would be phenomenal!!
Never Again. Their service is atrocious, I'm guessing due to terrible management.Cons:1 - The menu absolutely lacked in vegetarian options (items having no meat or fish).2 - Being told that an item is unavailable AFTER everyone received their entrees and were almost done with them. And if I didn't finally ask, I would have kept sitting there twiddling my fingers, dipping rice into mildly tasty roti sauce, which in the end was the only thing I 'ate' that evening.3 - The sizzling seafood platter looked slimy and was just like any seafood combination you can get at a Chinese fastfood place. The chili gravy lacked in flavor in the Masak shrimp, although the shrimp was very plump and well made.In summary, when we walked through the door I wasn't sure if the nice décor would add to the food, or was just substituting for it. By the end of our meal, the walls seemed to be closing in on me and all that roominess and décor didn't seem to account for anything.P.S. For those who are interested in other options, head to Laut.
Awesome is the right way to describe it. Cash only... but super cheap. Fast service. 1 Warning: if you can't take even a little bit of spice, please avoid.I'd suggest roti for appetizer, nasi lemak as a main dish, and ABC for dessert. Chilli crab or sambal shrimp are my other favorites.
My friends and I chose this place because it was accommodating for big groups and also it looked pretty good.  Also fyi, cash only.We tried the roti, bacon wrapped shrimps, their famous noodles and the chicken curry? I'm not quite sure.The noodle was not good and lacked flavor.  The chicken was falling off the bone but it was so oily. The roti was good but nothing different or fantastic compared to other Malaysian or Indian restaurants.  I have tried better, but I forget sometimes I'm in NYC and you really don't have much to compare too...Overall its ok, nothing I HAVE to bring a friend to.
Nyonya moved across the street and didn't tell me!  We almost missed it.  We walked down Grand and targeted our eyes on the Nyonya signage.  As we approached in anticipation - and hunger - we saw oil stained cardboard covering Nyonya's windows.  Oh my we said.  We sighed and asked ourselves where to now.  We momentarily scanned the block and across the street was Nyonya!   Oh the food...we had the coconut rice (super yummy), spicy string beans, calamari appetizer, and roti.  Everything was wonderful.  The fresh watermelon drink was sweet (not artificially) and refreshing.
Finding a gr8 place to eat in Chinatown is always an adventure. But this Malaysian restaurant was a bullseye choice. Very clean and lovely food. From spicy noodle soup up to fried squid , great flavors all together. Try their fresh watermelon juice as well as their coconut milk iso the typical diet coke and your meal will be topped.5 stars would be rewarded if a bit more personal service would be given. Will be back
My immediate reaction after walking into Nyonya was negative due to the somewhat cramped seating. However, the waitress took our orders very quick and took the check even quicker. Great place for large groups, but the place gets packed on weekends, so watch out. Best dish in my opinion: Fried rice with salted fish (tastes alot better than it sounds, trust me!)
+ the only place that can drag my advertising art director friend who works 25 hours a day and 8 days a week from his office for a meal break+ fresh coconut drink = delicious thirst quencher + all inclusive dessert (just ask them to slice it open)     - just learning now from my iphone app how much saturated fat is in coconut meat+ crab in special aromatic sauce     + jealous stares from all around asking "what's that?" when the crabs arrive+ curry mee with young tau foo     + seeing my non-asian friends try bitter melon in the curry mee for the first time- very, very few vegetarian options     - - almost zero vegan options+ the ABC is the perfect way to end the greasy and heavy feast- no reservations = always a long wait- cash only     - boa atm is 6 blocks awayyay [ + ] 7     nay [ - ] 7
thank you to yelp for this find! it was packed- and no wonder - it was delicious. i don't remember what i got but the menu said it was one of the signature dishes - some kind of fish based soup. very unique - but yum!
The pictures had me wanting to come here, but i have to say it didn't live up to my expectations. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. I brought home the signature crab and my mom and her friend really enjoyed it; so if you're a crab person, you may want to order that.The roti everyone talks about is actually reallllly delicious! It was the best thing I had.
Nyonya has great atmosphere with a delightfully unique menu. Being an adventurous eater, I went for the item I'd never heard of: Asam Laksa. It's a spicy, sour soup with large, round white noodles, a variety of seafood, fish flakes and pineapple. The pineapple gives it an interesting punch on the sour scale. The Achat  (tumeric marinated vegetables) and Spicy Crispy Squid were delicious appetizers, as was the Roti Canai. All of these are spicy, so if you're not a spice aficionado, you may want to try a different dish. The restaurant was packed around 7pm on a Sunday evening, and I had the sense it was equally popular other times of the week as well. Recommended!
I've been times, kinda often. I don't usually repeat dishes, so far, this restaurant disappoints me!!
I thought this place was pretty good for a Malaysian restaurant in the States. I just took a trip to Asia, stopping by Singapore, this past spring and the flavors here came pretty close to what I had abroad! I came here 2-3 times and tried the roti canai, prawn mee, hainanese chicken, kang kung belacan, chow kueh teow, bah kut teh, satay chicken, rendang beef, this egg omelette thing, etc. My favs were the kang kung veggies, rendang beef, and prawn mee. The bf, who is Singaporean, also thought it was not bad compared to all the other Malaysian and Singaporean restaurants! Stay away from their drinks though -- not very authentic and full of sugar  syrup!
This is where transplants and ABC go so says my Chinese husband. It is hit or miss. We went with a group from Trip Advisor mostly from places like Texas. The guy who picked the restaurant is a transplant. The food was greasy. Since it was a large group a bit of everything was ordered. There are long lines here and it is good for groups. Not the highest quality in my opinion.  But for authentic Malaysian food in China town  with no lines  I suggest New Malaysia. yelp.com/biz/new-malaysi…If that link doesn't work try this one. tinyurl.com/2a28fn5
I got their Roti Canai appetizer- fried dough wrap dipped in curry sauce, Beef rendang- beef stew, hai nam chicken- steamed sliced chicken. I knew they were popular dishes because there were many pictures of these dishes posted on yelp. If you have the pleasure of trying this place, definitely eat family style with the dishes here. The dishes I had got boring fast, I can't even imagine eating one dish for myself. They were flavorful but after five bites you just don't care for anymore. It just got old quick, maybe it was too mundane. I cannot describe it, but in conclusion, let's just say the food here is flavorful but uninteresting at the same time.
This is my second time here at Nyonya.  First time was when they were at the orig location across the street.  Anyway- food is still top notch and delicious.Everywhere around us people were explaining to their guests that this was their "favorite" restaurant.How can you beat that?Order the string beans and shrimp paste.  It's yummy!
I miss Malaysian food and come back here whenever I come back to NYC.  Great for group dinners because you can sample more dishes.  My favorites are:- Roti Canai with curry dipping sauce- Hainanese Chicken with chicken rice - Chow Kueh Teow- Kang Kung Belacan- Soy Milk with Grass JellyCash only.Tip:  Go with a large group to try more dishes.  Don't forget to order the signature dish, Hainanese Chicken with chicken rice.
Excellent asian food. Great value.Had the Masak Lemak. Nice and spicy.
Pretty much the best Malaysian restaurant in Chinatown, NY. The wait can be horrible on Fridays and weekends, but the food is well worth the wait.
What can I say about Nyonya except for the fact that it's mediocre food? Oh, I know, they were better at their across-the-street location. It's been several years since my last visit to Nyonya so I didn't know that they moved to a location across the street. Normally, that may be fine. I mean how much inconvenience can that really cause you? You won't have to look for it if you pretty much knew where it was before, and it's no more difficult to get to than before. Sadly, during this move though, they lost some of their cuteness and kitschiness that they once had. Instead of pretty and colorful umbrellas, and that look of "Asia" that's endearing when you're in America, you saw a very modern-themed, grey and brown restaurant, full w/ stoned walls and badly-done minimalism. Wait, but is it minimalism when it's just ugly and plain?As for the food, it was... filling. The best thing on their menu is their roti canai. My table got 3 orders of that (maybe in due in part to looking for a restaurant for 1.5 hours after getting booted from the wait list at Lupa). Their Beef Chow Fun, on the other hand was oily and mostly chow funless. The peanut sauce for the chicken satay was too sweet. The chicken satay itself spiced a bit too heavy w/ 1 ingredient. And their noodle soups... good, but really nothing special. It's too bad really because I remember having good memories of Nyonya. Sadly, this is where they end.
Another Authentic Malaysian food in ManhattanBest Malaysian Restaurant in ManhattanI love Asam LaksaSotong Goreng, crab dishes, hainamese chicken, noodles  are good as wellVery busy, so you can see that a lot of people like the restaurant and make them come back there.It's a sister company from Penang restaurant, but it's definetely better food than Penang
almost real stuff. We arranged to meet our Malaysian friend there for dinner. He was pleased I suggested Nyonya as he frequents the place. He said Nyonya is not as good as the places back home in Malaysia but its the closest thing he can get to a real Malaysian dinner!!!The food there is really good - even my Yank friend complained that he wanted to eat everything  - and that he ll come back again and again! :DThe nasi lemak was great! :D
awesome food. dont miss the roti as a starter. only the service is a bit slow and not so attentive. but the taste of the food makes up for it big time
Oh heaven! The young tofu with curry soup was AH-MAY-ZING.  I've always had young tofu with chicken broth and kway teow, but this was a welcome spin on that.  YUM!The mee siam was solid but I like my family's recipe better, the hainanese chicken was super smooth, well-marinated, and paired with perfect dipping sauce (but the rice was only A, not A+), and the kankung was good but it's just a sauteed veggie :)Pros: dirt cheapCons: cash only
Me and my roommates decided to have lunch here today and we weren't disappointed.We started off with Roti Canai which was really good (I think everyone who goes here should have that as an appetizer) and some Kangkong.After that, we ordered some Crispy Golden Fried Squid, Pineapple Fried Rice, Fried Rice with Salted Fish and Beef Rendang. We enjoyed everything especially the Fried Rice with Salted Fish. Only thing that kind of disappointed me was the drinks. There were too many cubes of ice that after a while, our drinks tasted like water.Aside from that, we were happy with everything - food was great and the service was pretty fast. And oh, Yelp was all over the place! There was a sticker at the door and some sort of certificate on the wall which featured a review by one of the Elite Yelpers.
The first time that I went here I didn't think that the food was so great, but the second time it was actually quite good and I have cravings for this food now.  It was also very reasonably priced.  I am definitely going back and bringing others!
I can not say enough about this place. On a freezing night in NYC, you CANNOT find a better place to eat. Request a seat close to the window, order a bowl of  bowl of spicy sweet prawn mee (it will warm you up!), savor the complimentary tea and watch the world pass you by. The service is quick and polite, the food is fantastic and inexpensive, the restaurant is clean, cozy and warm. what more could you be looking more?
Affordable, delicious Malaysian food. Lunch comes with soup; I love the lady fingers special. For dinner, try the coconut shrimp. Very crunchy and you can sprinkle the crumbs on top of some chicken-flavored rice :)
I'm not gonna repeat what anyone else said about this restaurant. Food is definitely good - Hainanese Chicken Rice and the Roti Canai are both  must-gets. (But my favorite Hainanese Chicken Rice is still the one in Savoy in LA :[)Anyway, the only reason why I'm writing this review is because I want to say DON'T GET TAKE OUT FOR THE HAINANESE CHICKEN RICE. Portion is soooo much smaller! It was the first (and only) time that I didn't get full from a take-out in NY. And this is LUNCH (which I mean to imply that I should get full easier...)! Argh. Portion is so much different when you eat inside. That's all :) I hope you still go to eat in the restaurant! :D
Two words: Roti CanaiGet it. And each person should get their own order. Don't try to share. It'll only create a lot of unnecessary resentment that will fill your heart with hate and anger and eventually lead to divorce. If I had to do it over again, I would just order 3 of those and be done with it. It's served with a curry dipping sauce which has pieces of potato and chicken in it.The dipping sauce could be better. Maybe slightly more tartness would help.However, the texture of the Roti Canai is awesome. It's light, airy, fluffy and slightly chewy when you stuff a bunch in your mouth at once. The rest of the food can probably be described as better than average takeout Chinese. We had the Beef Rendang, which is under the poultry section of the menu for some reason... It was okay. The flavor didn't impress me too much but it was good. We had the Singapore rice noodles as well. Again, nothing too impressive but the noodles had good texture and the flavor wasn't bad. The service was extremely slow. 15 minutes after we sat down they finally came over to take our order and that was only after we waved our hands like a couple of people stranded on an island. They also didn't bring us everything we ordered and we had to order it again when they brought part of our order out. So overall this place would be a 3. But the roti canai alone brings the overall rating up to a 4. Can't wait to get some again.
Definitely not the most authentic malaysian food I have had but it is worth trying atleast once!The roti prata came with this yummilicious curry dipping sauce which was the highlight of the dinner!The nasi lemak was decent but nothing spectacular.I hated the fact that the chicken curry had chicken with the skin on(pet peeve).The ikan bilis(anchovies) in the dish were tasty but overall the nasi lemak lacked the flavours I was expecting.The hubby had a chicken sizzler dish which was a huge disappointment. It was quite bland.Since I didnt want to leave without sampling some dessert,we ordered the Bubur ChaCha which is a coconut milk based dessert with sweet potatoes,yam and tapioca pearls.Umm..the taste is not for everyone and it most certainly was not for me.I guess this is a place where you should stick to ordering a few items you have seen good reviews about rather than randomly experimenting!On a positive note,one of the things I loved was the tea they served with the meal.Very flavourful!Also,the service was excellent!For now,its 3.5 stars till I try some more of their food!
I'm not sure why this place got an average of four stars.  My lunch buddy and I were a bit disappointed.  We both agreed we wouldn't come back, that we had hundreds of other restaurants we could try in the downtown area.We both started off with the roti cani.  We both admit it was tasty.  We also enjoyed the soup that came with the meal, which was simply a clear broth with chicken, mushrooms, carrots and cabbage.  While we started drinking our soup, the roti canai came out along with my lunch special.  By the time I finished drinking my soup and eating my roti canai, my lunch was cold.  I ordered the beef masak.  There was so little there, I could scoop it all up and hold it in one hand.  The beef was really chewy.  The sauce was good, but what difference would that make if the beef wasn't tender.My lunch buddy had the Malaysian style spareribs.  They were pretty tastey, but there was so little to eat.  I think they took two spareribs and cut it up into five pieces.  If we didn't share our lunch specials, she definitely would not have had enough to eat.  The service wasn't the greatest either.  After we finished our soup and appetizer, they didn't even take our plates away.  We were sitting at a table for two didn't have much room.  We had to stack our plates together and put them aside.I definitely would not recommend this place.  The only thing decent about this place was the decor.
I know what real Malaysian food is. I've been to Malaysia at least 20 times. I came with a group of friends who knew what real Malaysian food is too. We ordered a lot of dishes so I got to try them.-roti canai: amazing, comes with curry-satay: not too bad, chicken was tender... could be a bit more tasty in my opinion-prawn mee: delicious, slightly spicy. I love the yellow noodles-claypot noodles: at first my friends were asking me why I ordered it... they ended up eating most of it! Chicken, shrimp, squid on top with veges, thin yellow noodles below-hor fun: flat noodles in gravy sauce with beef. Nice and oily- just the way it is supposed to be. They had a diff name for this but in Singapore, we call it hor fun.-Hainanese chicken rice. SOOO GOOD!! We ordered 4 orders of it. The rice is soooo good, I think its cuz it has  chicken fat in it. I'm not sure how its made. Its definitely not good for your figure but it AMAZING. Came with chicken, which was ok.-chandol for desert: I just looked at it, but refused to eat it since I'm not a fan of coconut milk. My friends said it was ok... not too great.Oh and its cash only.
They must have some of the fastest, most efficient cooking staff at this location.  I mean really, it was like a race to see how many dishes they could put onto our table all at once and figure out how to fit them all onto the surface like it was some sort of edible puzzle.I am getting ahead of myself for a bit.  Let me go back a little.  My family and I decided to have a family gathering here to celebrate Father's Day.  There was 6 of us so we knew we were going to order a decent amount of food.  After a quick look through of the menu we decided on 10 dishes.  Yep.  I said 10. Ok, ok it was actually 12 if you count the fact that we had three orders of the Roti Canai.  We are all bottomless pits.  It runs in the family.  Happy now?Being in a Malaysian restaurant, how could we not start off with the Home Made Roti Canai as an appetizer?  We ordered three of these.  Yum.  I've had better Roti Canai's in a few other places (I prefer them a bit flakier) but it's still a very good version of it.  Good start to the meal.  Rating (4)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od… When we finished the Roti Canai's, that's when the staff started piling up our orders one after another.  Bam.  There was our soup. I started to pour the soup into the separate bowls for each of us ( Most of the food is served family style which meant it is made to be shared).  Before I could even take a sip of the soup, bam, the crabs arrived.  Bam, then the chicken.  Bam, bam, bam. This went on and on till we had 8 dishes on the table all at once.  It would have been 9 but they ran out of space. Not that they didn't try to fit it in somehow. They had to wait for us to finish our soup first before they could take away the soup bowl to make room for the last order.  Everything came out together 15 to 20 minutes after we made the order.  Someone must really be cracking that whip in the kitchen.  Since they were able to do this at the height of dinner time (We were there at 7:30 PM) then I highly recommend this place if you are starving and don't want to have a long wait for your food.There are too many dishes for me to go into details for each. Instead I'll just give a rating to them but also give comments on the ones worth talking about.SEAWEED WITH SEAFOOD SOUP:  Slightly on the salty side but good.  Rating (4)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…Half order of  HAINANESE CHICKEN:  I love this dish but I know some of my non-Asian friends don't like the fact that the chicken is soft and steamed instead of the usual baked or fried.  It's  a texture problem for them so be aware of this potential problem if you are ordering this.  Love the spicy, sweet dip.  Rating (4)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…MALAYSIA SWEET  SOUR PORK:   The pork is battered and fried.  Rating (3.5)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…MANGO SHRIMP:  Not much mango taste to it.  Very similar to sweet and sour. In fact, they might as well call it sweet and sour shrimp.  Rating (3.5)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…NYONYA HOUSE SPECIAL CRABS:  Oh my god I love this dish. The crabs is covered in a thick slightly sweet sauce and cooked with spicy grounded dried shrimp.  The saying "finger licking good" is made for this dish.  Rating (5) yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…SHRIMPS W. LADIES FINGERS MALAYSIAN STYLE:  Found under the category of Vegetables in the menu even though there are lots of shrimps in it.  Strange. Rating (4)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…SPINACH WITH PRESERVED BEAN CURD:  Rating (3.5)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…SIZZLING BEEF WITH BLACK PEPPERS:  Beef could have been more tender.  Rating (3)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…STEAMED FISH WITH GINGER SCALLION SOY SAUCE:  You get to choose from a selection of fishes and the price is seasonal. We chose the striped bass.  This is another good dish that some people might have a problem with because of the unfamiliar silky smooth texture of the fish meat as a result the steaming process used to cook it.  For the people not used to steamed fish, they have options on the menu for fried fish instead which have  a flakier meat. Rating (4)  yelp.com/biz_photos/M-od…
Cash only people !!! Lol good food! Had pad Thai, a little too spicy but otherwise pretty good!!! For sure coming back here again :)
Love the food but the service attitude still has ALOT of room for improvement.  The dude answering the phone taking orders for delivery needs to improve on his basic conversational courtesies.  I would gladly train the staff free of charge just cuz i love the food(was a flight attendant with a top ranked 5 star airline for 5 years + my folks used to be in the FB/restaurant business for over 30years) and its such a shame to see the place run by people who don't know better.  Good service and good food goes hand-in-hand and thats what make you a good restaurant.
I grew up eating a lot of Malaysian food.  I've always gone to Penang because it was where my parents used to take me.  Now i've found a new place to go, and i'm not likely to go back.Roti Canai: I have to eat roti when i have Malaysian food.  A thinner naan that is crispy!Beef Rendang!  I've never had this dish before, and is extremely satisfying.  The beef is ludicrously tender, to the point where we couldn't find pieces of beef in the mix of sauce.Hainam chicken: Very decent.  I like how they have a pool of soy sauce on the bottom so you don't have to dip it yourself.  The chicken was smooth.  The natural flavors of chicken were the star of the dish.My only gripe...NOTHING COMES WITH RICE!
For something a bit different from the ordinary Asian, I love coming to this cavernous Malaysian restaurant on Grand Street.The menu is extensive and many of the items may not seem palatable to the ordinary fan of Asian cuisine that would usually order Chicken with Broccoli, General Tso's or Pad Thai.  This is Malaysian cuisine after all!!Peruse the menu and you'll see "Ladyfingers with Shrimp in salted fish sauce," Nasi LemakBut this is the perfect place to be adventurous.  Ask the staff, and you'll almost always get a winner.The last four visits it's been very crowded -- often a 20 minute wait if you are a party larger than 2.  But definitely worth the wait, easy on the wallet and you'll leave satisfied and content!
Alright, it's time to write this review!I came to Nyonya back in 2004 when it was still a hole in the wall. I immediately fell in love with the roti prata. I can't even complain because it was done so well and the curry was very nice.People that understand Southeast Asian food from the ground up should definitely come here. You won't be disappointed, and the Zagat ratings prove it.At some point, the restaurant moved to a nicer location right across the street, and I had the blessed opportunity to return to NYC this past August. My three friends and I spent over $100 in one sitting.Order the sambal shrimps. They were just spicy enough not to kill the flavor. This pleases me greatly.Everything was pretty much awesome... Everything. My only ONE gripe was the popiah. That was sad.Popiah are thicker when they're wrapped, and they're cylindrical in shape. The one we ordered didn't have a lot of filling, and it came out flat like a small burrito... to add insult to injury, it was cut into pieces. It's a crepe wrapped around OODLES of goodness, and not a crepe slightly stuffed with random stuff and then cut up and drenched in sauces and bawang goreng... Come ON! This place claims to be Malaysian, so I'm assuming the choice of presentation for the popiah was devious in nature and not a result of ignorance.Everything else, however, was wonderful. Let's have a brief discussion about the chicken rice:You have to order your rice separate from the chicken, and that's not bad at all... but it's a bit deviant from what chicken rice should be. The price is a bit steep too for a plate of boiled chicken. Their sauces were nice, and I was generally pleased, but I've had much better elsewhere - and I can pull better out of my ass at a moment's notice. Everyone knows that the highlight of chicken rice happens to be the sauces, and when you don't make your sauces right, you might as well not try. Anyone can whip out a bottle of kecap manis and pound some ginger... but making a good chili sauce takes actual skill and knowledge.The marinade for the chicken was balanced just right, so I won't take off a star for a great dish... It's not Tian Tian, but then again, it's also not Singapore. If you have the opportunity to come out to California, Savoy in Alhambra has the dish JUST RIGHT.If you're a chicken rice person, this might be the best you can find in New York City.
Food was pretty good.Very welcoming environment. Just stay out of the bathroom! You can practically see through the stalls...at least in the women's bathroom...
Nyonya has put thai restaurants to shame. Never thought I would like Malaysian food so much but I do now. My favorites here include roti canai, curry mee soup noodle with tofu and fish cakes, and mango chicken. I wish they open one in midtown so I can order every day!
Wow, this place is getting more and more popular.  Been here a few times with my family.  Gotta recommend:1. Ryoti with curry...delicious enough to drink!!  Save some to pour over your rice.  Speaking of rice...2. Chicken broth rice.  You have a choice of coconut rice or chicken broth rice.  Get the chicken broth rice.  I'm usually a rice-hater...but I downed this stuff like Oliver Twist.  "Please sir, can I have some more?"  It's so flavorful.3. Young coconut custard/jello for dessert.  Served in the coconut, you can scrape the young coconut out after slurping down the jello.I like.
Nyonya is my favorite restaurant in NYC.  Great food at a great price.  I try to come here at least once a week, and I've been eating here for at least 5 years.  Although this is a Malaysian restaurant, I come here strictly for the Hainanese Chicken.  It's the best there is in the city.  The chicken is perfectly tender, and when you dip it in the sauce it's just happiness in your mouth.  My fiancee switches up her choices between the Pad Thai and the Beef Chow Fun, both of which are also delicious.
One word...DELICIOUS.Last Friday, a friend of mine asked me to join them in Chinatown for Malaysian food.  So knowing myself...1) I have never had Malaysian food, and 2) I am willing to try anything once.  DONE!   And on I went to Chinatown via the 4-5-6 subway right after work.  And to think I had to be at work on a scheduled day off.  What a nice surprise to end the day and the week!And yup...was a bit late.  Once I got there, my friends already had food on the table.  And to be honest, I was a bit glad, considering the LONG line of people waiting for a table.  That's ALWAYS a good sign that the food is good!Soooo...onto the food.  The curry...AMAZING.  Spicy and tasty.  The meat fell off the bone!The shrimp okra stir fry...WOW.  Then again, I am a sucker for a good okra dish!And so was the greens (stir fried with shrimp paste...mmmmmmmm), the roti bread with its dipping sauce, and the "pad thai" style noodle dish.ALL AMAZING.  And this definitely gives me more excuses to venture to Chinatown (as if food was not enough enticement!)
This place is awesome.  Food was amazing.  We ordered the roti, beef rendaang, hainanese  chicken, chow keah teow noodles, and the kang kung belacan veggies.  I was most excited for the noodles but after we finished, I was blown away by the chicken, beef, and kang kung belacan.  Super cheap too, will definitely be back.  Restaurant is busy though and there tends to be a wait.
This place reminds me a lot like Penang back in Boston. There is one in DC too, but I don't frequent the place as much as i do back home.  Dirt cheap, cash only, authentic and yummy Malaysian food.  Some dishes are inspiring and there are some that are less, so you just have to know what is good here to order.  I like their original roti canai, without all that egg junk.  Nice  simple.It's hard to tell which I like more... Penangs or this place...guess I'll have to try Penang a few times and be the judge!  They are both equally pretty good and consistent.  And with the prices, seriously you can't go wrong.
Ok my review is based on the famous hainan chicken, minus the roti canai.  Why? because my expectation was so high for this place after I heard so many great reviews that I don't want to downgrade it bc my roti canai was not satisfied by Nyonya.  The curry was good, but it was a bit overly salty - the bread on the other hand was spot on, but my search to satisfy my curry dip for the bread continues.  The hainan chicken and the oil rice was super flavorful and awesome enough for me to keep coming back despite my roti disappointment.By the way the decor is uber cute especially for chinatown/little italy area and surprisingly it was very spacious inside : )I approve
We really like coming here because it has 3 of our favorite dishes - mango chicken, roti canai and the crispy golden fried squid. We wished their portions were a little bigger compared to Penang nearby. Also, their mango chicken is not as good as Penang's because their mangos are usually not ripe enough and are a little hard and sour. At Penang's, their mangos are softer and sweeter.It is a lot cleaner here than at Penang though!
YUM! My boss and I came here after landing in NY on a snowy winter day and it was just what we needed. The food was amazing and it's definitely authentic Malaysian food. We ordered 4 dishes off the menu for the two of us and devoured it all! The roti canai was scrumptious. I wish we ordered more of that, but the rest of the food was great as well. Portions are big and I can't believe we ate it all. The next night, my boss was craving more Malaysian food, so she ordered some curry to go. Food was still great at 11pm. It's been reviewed sooo many times and has zagat ratings too. I'll definitely come here again on my next trip out to NY.
Had a good experience here the other day, randomly walked by. Was fairly empty late on a Friday night. All the food we got was good, but the standout was the beef rendang. You have to get it, it's top notch. Probably not worth going if you don't get the beefit, but then again, I only tried 3 dishes and all were good.
My ex-roommate lives right across the street from it in Little Italy and she said we definitely had to go here to check out one of her favorite dishes. She loves mangoes and so she got us the Mango Chicken, their Homemade Roti Canai, hot and spicy green beans, and the Hainanese chicken. I've gotta admit that their Roti Canai is really really good. It's a nice venue for a dinner and Zagat rated too!
meh is right. I was disappointed ive had better Malaysian cuisine. Roti was a let down very small. The satay was good. it was the best thing i ordered. I had the beef rendang. again nothing amazing. I want to give this place another try though and order some other dishes. It is a reasonable price though. I will return only to see if any other dishes are good. I guess I need to lower my standards a little.
NYONYA is AMAZING!I am Malaysian for one, so I have tasted AUTHENTIC Malaysian food, so therefore, I can judge and YES, Nyonya is guilty as charged, for being so Fantastic!Love coming here because I know I wont be disappointed in finding food from "home".MUST try - Nasi Lemak, Asam Laksa, Curry Noodles, Nyonya Seafood Fried Rice, Kangkung Belacan, Fish head CurryDESSERTS - Bubur Chacha! Ice Kacang, cendol! Oh god~And yes, their price is amazing too for such great food n portions!I can just go on, but hey, I'd rather u check it out for yourself! I'd b glad to recommend more! :)
Too much time in C-town as a kid has made me averse to coming to this nabe as an adult, but I'd suck it up for Nyonya.  The food alone has made me a decade-long patron, but my recent visit left an especially positive impression.     - Good food, check.     - Low prices = good value, check.     - Exciting rustic wood interior, check.     - Good service, check.Order the roti canai, of course -- one order per person is not too much, haha!  The hainanese chicken is a good choice for the less adventurous.  The "pad thai" isn't the Thai dish you know and love, but get it if you like tangy food.  When the waitstaff (who were superbusy earning their tips) patiently answered my friend's fifty-thousand Qs about the menu AND offered (unasked) to take a photo for us, Nyonya broke the mold.  I never thought I'd give a place in Chinatown 5 stars, but here goes!
Eating here can be pretty hit or miss, but their hits are awesome! I think their Princess Bean Curd is one of my all-time favorite dishes. I also loved the shrimp with string beans and this one chicken curry stew thing. Their roti is amazing, and so is the ABC dessert (shaved ice with beans and corn, etc). I also like their coconut rice and chicken rice. They had a pretty tasty fish but we got it deep fried and it was overcooked and a bit hard on the edges. I've also had a few things here that were pretty bland, like the tofu in Thai style, the super fatty spare ribs, and the shrimp with eggplant. We once had service so bad that they gave us a free coconut pudding dessert, and that wasn't really very good at all either. This review sounds like it should be only 3 stars, but I love that damn Princess Bean Curd so much!
One of the dishes I ordered was the "Dungeon" (I believe they meant Dungeness) crab with Nyonya House Special Sauce.  This Nyonya House Special Sauce contained what they called "Authentic" sauce.  I am not sure what "Authentic" sauce is but it is one of the most delicious ways to eat crab I have ever experienced.  Don't wear your best clothes though.  It is also one of the messiest things I've ever eaten.  I will definitely go again very soon.
I don't know what Malaysian food is,but if it's like what I had tonight, then I am a fan.Five dishes, one appetizer.Enough to feed four hungry men.The service was fast, so fast that the waitress had to warn us:"your appetizer will take a long time"How long?"about seven minutes."Works for us!Every dish was a little dark,lots of flavor, that's for sure.Probably lots of soy sauce too,but tasty and unique they all were.Cash only,so run to the ATMand get some bills.
I give this place five stars because the food is authentic Malaysian. This is my go-to place when I crave good Malaysian food in the city. This place accepts cash only, so be prepared. There are Chase ATMs closeby, however (use your smartphone!). The service is only average, which is not surprising for a Chinatown establishment.I usually get the nasi lemak here (my favorite Malaysian dish!). The only complaint I have is they won't replace the chicken with tofu or egg. This dish is really for those who love spicy dishes with anchovies. The sambal here is great, although they do charge $2 for an additional bowl.My friends who come with me usually get the Hainanese chicken, a staple for Malaysian street food, and the roti canai as an appetizer. I love Nyonya and will definitely be back many more times!
Walk into Nyonya's new, modern location on Grand Street and you are greeted by fragrant aromas of ginger, kaffir leaves, tamarind, curry, and lemongrass.  Your stomach growls with desire.Good Malaysian cuisine is practically non-existent in D.C., but not in New York City.  With multiple locations in New York, Boston and Philadelphia, Nyonya is among the best.Start with the homemade roti canai ($3.50), a Malay national treasure, and extremely popular.You will see it on every table.And once you taste it, you'll know why you can't not order one and you can't just order one.This balloon of paper-thin bread is steamy-hot, crisp and chewy.  The yellow curry dipping sauce consumes you, like an arrow through the heart.  It is intensely flavorful, slightly spicy, smelling of curry, turmeric and fish sauce.A chunk of in-bone chicken acts as a sponge, soaking up the warm broth that you won't get enough of.  But wait!  Your heart sinks as you realize the bread is gone.  Will anyone notice you pick up the bowl and shoot the rest of the sauce?Then the stingray arrives.  Related to skates, stingrays can be dangerous when alive, sporting a stinger that is used if threatened.  In Malaysia, they are common street food.Wrapped in a banana leaf, Nyonya's beautiful steamed stingray ($17.95) is enough for two, the fleshiest part of the "wing" topped with sambal belacan.Spiked with spicy chilis, salty fermented shrimp paste and lime, sambal belacan flavors an otherwise flavorless fish.The stingray is translucent white, firm and ever-so-slightly chewy.  Long strands of flesh are covered by a soft, gelatinous skin and long, thin bones like a kite.  Tastes like the ocean.  A clean one.If the idea of stingray doesn't lure you, try the sautéed frog with ginger and scallion ($16.95); achat spicy vegetables in turmeric and peanuts ($5.75); or baby oyster omelette ($8.95).Also highly recommended are the spare ribs Malaysian style ($10.95); and Hainanese chicken steamed with soy sauce ($8.50).Nyonya also has a full menu of noodle soups, casseroles, and unexpected desserts like tiramisu and profiteroles.  Cash accepted only.
Is it fair to review a place when we only spent $3.50 on one bowl of ABC?Well, first I do have to commend them on having teapots of iced (Chinese) tea ready and waiting on the table, a real life saver during one of the many frustratingly hot summer days.And oh yes, the $3.50 ABC.  Another perfect way to beat back the heat, not only with heaps and heaps of shaved ice, but with wonderfully chewy bits (including my favourite palm seeds) and contrasting textures to be uncovered by the spoonful.  Did I mention that they've got corn in there?A great way to survive the summer days.  Thanks, Nyonya!
My friend was dead set on getting Chinese food but since neither of us have had Malaysian before I suggested Nyonya after a quick curbside yelp.Appetizers: Roti telur - absolutely delicious indian crepe/pancake stuffed with eggs and onions with a slightly spicy curry dipping sauceSatay tofu - fried crispy wedges of tofu with cucumbers and bean sprouts slathered in a chunky peanut shrimp paste. It lacked a bit of salt and would of been easier to eat had it not been 4 huge wedges of tofu the size of my fist.Entrees:Hokkien Char Mee - thick egg noodles sauteed with veggies, shrimp, squid, chicken, pork, and beef. The dark soy sauce was a bit overpowering (for me, my friend who ordered it was fine with it.)Mee Siam - rice noodles stir friend with shrimp, bean sprouts, egg, and slightly fried tofu. Perfectly spicy and lemony with just the right amount of salt. The sriracha it came with tasted a bit watered down.Rambutan drink - way way way too sweet. I couldn't even drink half of it for fear of hyperglycemic shock.2 appetizers, 2 entrees and 2 beverages plus 20% tip = 40$ so I can't complain!Downside - they don't take credit! Though they do have a sign on their door that states so.
Cheap food, extremely tasty. I could eat 5 orders of roti canai a day it's so good. Very quite service both there and delivery. It's my go to Malaysian restaurant for sure.
I would definitely come back if i'm visiting soho again. Didn't get to try most of the dishes, but beef curry and stripped chicken breast noodle were great for hangover.
good, but not great.Appetizers: roti canai- the curry sauce was really flavorful, but the roti itself could be a little bit more crunchier, but it turned out to be a bit soggy and only certain parts like the edges were crunchy.Hainanese Chicken and rice: good, but not great.  The chicken was nice and moist, but the sauces were alright.  I liked the soy sauce, but the red spicy vinegary sauce that also came with it was nice, but not awesome. Great value for food though.
Best Malaysian "cheap eat" in the city! and no they do not accept credit cards. Cash Only!I can't get enough of this place. The Roti Canai (indian pancake - crispy style pancake  curry dipping sauce) is an excellent starter and the Asam Laksa (spicy  sour thick rice noodles served in chef's special lemon grass broth with fish flakes  veg) and  Nasik Lemak (coconut rice flavored with cloves  screw-pine leaves, served with chili anchovy, pickle, curry chicken with bone and hard boiled egg) is amazingly authentic and very much recommended as your entree.
Rarely do you find cheap Malaysian food outside of Malaysia.  Props for Nyonya for their prices.  But you get what you pay for mostly.  The portions are on the smaller side, and the roti wasn't satisfying.  I had the Beef Rendang and Char Kway Teow.  Both were pretty decent!  I just wish I had known that it was cash only and that the portions are smallish.
"What did you have for dinner""Nonya... Nonya beesness!" hahahah... (couldn't resist)Been a fan of this Malaysian eatery for a while now. They moved across the street and raised their prices a bit, but I don't mind. I still think it's a great bang for the buck. And the food.. it's so savory and aromatic! Yum!Had the fired chicken with garlic sauce, pineapple fried rice and kankong belachan last night. Ate it family style and still had lots to take home!Also highly recommend the Malaysian style spare ribs, Beef rendan, roti canai, crispy squid, pearl noodles, hainases chicken, bur bur chacha, nasi lemak, any of the fish head casseroles... hmm... there's a long menu, but you get the point. Food is gooooood.It's cash only and family style servings. So bring your friends and feast like kings and queens sipping on coconuts! =)
3.5 starsOn a street that is pretty dim-lit and not the easiest to find. but its okay because once you enter the place is HUGE. Obviously came here for the roti canai because I was craving it like none other. Great balance of cripsy yet not to flake-y. We also got the beef skewers, it was a bit overcooked for me? And i was not a fan of the peanut sauce at all. The heinese? chicken however, was amazing. It was super tender and the sauce for it was delicious; i ended up dunking my beef skewers in there..Service was great and the food came out quickl. I def found my go to restuarant for Malay food now. I want to come here and try more!
Malaysian food is delicious. I love Hanianese chicken! They know how to make it too. It tasted fresh and I only like to order the white meat. Its a few extra cents, but totally worth it than to pick through bones. I also ordered chow fun noodles, and a sizzling skillet pan of tofu with vegetables. A good meal in between lunch and dinner. Out of all the Malaysian places I've been to, this is my favorite!
The best Chow Kueh Teow I've ever had and I've had a lot considering my dad is Indonesian.  What really separates this from the rest is that the ingredients have been sauteed in a very hot wok so all the flavorings have blended into the dish and you get that freshly seared taste you don't usually get when they just saute everything in a regular pan.We also got spicy Thai chicken which is really Haianese chicken with a spicy sour oniony sauce on top, I can't really explain the sauce, reminds me of XO sauce, the type that people love to use on Hong Kong style food.  I loooove the sauce which is why I prefer spicy Thai chicken to Haianese chicken.  You just need to try it, and it's not that spicy if at all...Finished off with Chendol, a Malaysian dessert I cannot describe, it's red kidney beans and lil pandan (a type of leaf with a unique flavor) flakes mixed with soft as snow shaved iced drizzled in caramelize sugar that tastes a bit like very creamy caramel.  Anyhow, this was one of my favorite desserts growing up and I haven't had it in years but when I eat with my Indonesian father you've gotta have all the bad stuff that's oh soo good.  Can't say no to dad when he mentions sharing a Chendol after dinner and his eyes light up :)My dad approves and so do I.  I'll definitely be back!
Came here with a group of eight for a weekday dinner and there was no wait!  Woohooo!We ordered: roti canai (yum, but the pancake got really hard and inedible after around ten minutes.  if you order this, eat it quick!  also order a side of rice to eat the chicken curry with), chow kueh teow (decent, noodles were a little crumbly), nasi lemak (really tasty, kind of like a malaysian bibimbap since you mix it yourself), hainanese chicken (delicious), pork with dried vegetable (not bad, but the pork could have been more tender), thai bean curd (tasty, the tofu was really fresh and soft), crab with nyonya special sauce (good but MESSY!  and they don't have wet naps), and pineapple fried rice (nothing special, I probably wouldn't order this again).All in all a great experience, the dishes are a little small, so you get to order a lot and try a bit of everything.  Prices were decent, we got away with under 20$ a person.Great service, great food, awesome for groups!
This is the best Singaporean-Malaysian food ever! We went to NYC for 3 days and ate here for 3 times.. We tried different menu, all were so good! U must try their "roti prata"
Delicious food time and time again.  Roti is always a good appetizer.  Everything else depends on your preference.  You can't go wrong.  CASH ONLY. Wait is not too bad even on a Friday night.  You can always get gelato for dessert at Ferrara's a couple stores down.
This is our go to authentic Mali curry family style spot.  I always get the fish head curry. It's always busy here. Starting off with the Roti is a good choice.
I came here with a family friend at the recommendation of my sister, who gave this place 5 stars. Normally, I trust my sister's judgment when it comes to restaurants, but this place was really just...slightly better than average.As a poor student, price always plays a big role in my yelp reviews. However, I was too busy catching up with my friends to look at the prices, and they ended up paying for the meal, so I can't vouch for prices. oops =/But, I will say that IF this place is cheap (it may or may not be) then I would give it 4 stars. But really, I have no idea what the cost was. haha =]Also, be forewarned that there are 2 locations on Grand Street. The one on the north side of Grand is closed, and the one on the south side is open. So if you get there and you think, "Shoot! Where am I going to eat now?!" (like I did) don't panic, just turn around and you'll see the correct Nyonya.
We came upon this restaurant thanks to my sister's friend who lives in NYC Chinatown. I was rather excited about the name, and thought that this would be authentic "nyonya" food (Malaysian-Chinese). And I guess it was to a certain extent, but be warned that it's modernized Malaysian food, which includes Chinese, Malay and Indian, as well as "nyonya" food. This is what we had:ROTI CANAI - Deliciously crispy bread with yummy curry sauce.BEEF SATAY - Ok... red onions could be cut smaller.CHICKEN SATAY - Very tender, even our 2yr old could eat it!POH PIAH - A bit too saucy and I could only taste bean sprouts/mung beans.OYSTER OMELET - Very fresh oysters!HAINANESE CHICKEN RICE - My family members really liked this, but I felt the rice was too dry and the chicken too saucy.SPARERIBS MALAYSIAN STYLE - Great taste and great sauce, but the pork was unfortunately tough.SHREDDED CHICKEN NOODLES - Ok, a bit bland.KANG KUNG BELACAN - The best dish that night. A deceptively simple dish but awesome if done right. This is the taste of Southeast Asia right here!BEEF RENDANG - The sauce is only mild flavor but the beef was cooked extremely tender.ABC SHAVED ICE - Very sweet, good for the summer.The waitresses were very attentive, and the busboys were quick to take away empty dishes. The restaurant was clean and classy-looking. The crowd ranged from family to a young crowd... I especially saw a lot of young non-Asians in groups, so I guess the word about this establishment has gotten out of the community. Good for Nyonya!
I absolutely love Malaysian food, and, after seeing such great reviews of Nyonya, I had to check it out.  As I was running out the door to head to the restaurant, I quickly checked the restaurant website and saw they were affiliate with the Penang chain.  Now, I love Penang, but I was disappointed to learn this was not a stand alone traditional hidden gem.  Regardless, I made my way down to Chinatown and stepped into an average looking dining room that packed little excitement. The menu was very affordable and packed with options.  My friend and I started with the pig intestine, which was probably the grossest thing I have ever eaten.  Believe me, I eat a lot of random and crazy things, but this really smelled like intestine...Think about it....or rather, don't...For an entree I ordered the Sarang Burong, which was a bowl of shaped fried taro stuffed with shrimp, chicken, corn, snow peas and black mushroom and topped with cashew nuts.  This is the same dish I order at Satay Malaysian Restaurant in Hoboken, however, this was much more greasy and less flavorful.  The coconut rice was also disappointingly sticky and not quite sweet enough.While Nyonya was decent, I actually like their Penang sister restaurant much better.
5 stars for value and tastiness.For 2 of us, we got:-- The seemingly mandatory Roti Canai. Yummy, tender, chewy bread. Fragrant, flavorful gravy. A+-- The Crab with House Sauce. The sauce is a sweet chili sauce. You really have to work for your food here. They give you a set of those nutcracker things, and you have to get down and dirty with your crab if you want any meat in your mouth. But it's worth it.-- The Beef Rendang. The beef melts in your mouth, it's so tender. The Sauce is great, and goes well with the...-- 2 orders of White Rice. Nothing to say here. Recommended all the way!!
They made great Malaysian food! One of my favorite spot in Chinatown. My usual dishes are Roti, Young Tofu and pineapple fried rice. Thinking about them now makes me hungry again! I've also tried them a few times on seemless, same great taste, though the delivery could've been a little faster.
Ordered Roti canai, beef rangdang,  some noddle dish with shrimp, and another dish made of a basket of taro with shrimp and chicken... Everything was Delicious!!! cant wait to go back....I thought the staff was super nice too.
I have only eaten here once but I will not forget it, and definitely will come back again! The food was delicious and I did not have to wait very long. I went with a Malaysian friend and he was equally satisfied by the food we ate that day, and happy that he could have a taste of authentic Malaysian food.
Great food.   Will definitely return next time I am in NYC.There was a little bit of a wait the night we went, but well worth it.   Even though the place was packed, service was great.Everything we had was really good.   I recommend getting a side of the coconut rice with an entree and trying an appetizer.   Food is reasonably priced.We didn't try any of their desserts and decided to go to Ferrara Bakery next door instead for canolli.The two things I didn't like about the place were that it is cash only-no credit cards accepted but they do have a sign on the front entrance stating this policy and the tables are too close together.
Homemade Roti Canai is amazing!!  Thin, light, crispy pancake with curry with chicken and potato.  Prawn Mee Soup was a little too rich and shrimpy for me, but it was great none the less.
Nyonya recently moved across the street to a new cleaner, more modern space. I like! The old location had a decor that was more fitting to their food, but it was starting to get kind of grimy from all its years there.As for food, I almost always eat the same thing there. I order off the menu and ask for a curry vegetable noodle soup--which I suspect is not vegetarian because the broth was probably made with meat or seafood. I just look the other way and deal with it since there's not many other options. There *is* a Buddhist delight and some sauteed green vegetable dishes you could eat with a bowl of rice, but those are so boring.The roti canai (a thin, crispy Indian pancake) is always a good choice--again also not vegetarian if you eat it with the accompanying curry sauce, which usually has a chunk of chicken in it. Had dinner with some friends here tonight, and decided to try the roti telur, which is basically a roti pancake filled with fried egg and onion. I think I might like this more than the usual roti canai. It was more filling and substantial, and I didn't feel like I was just eating greasy crispy dough, which basically seems like empty calories to me.I wouldn't normally eat here for two reasons: it's not very vegetarian-friendly, and I personally like the New Malaysia Restaurant in the "tunnel" more if I'm going to have Malyasian. But it's in a great location and is a good place for dinner with friends. Even better now that they're in a cleaner, newer space. The staff is also good--they're efficient and they know what they're doing.I'm sure I'll be back again the next time a friend suggests having dinner here.
Would have given them 4 stars, but the restaurant lacks in quick and efficient service and is cash-only. The food is delightfully flavorful and definitely very filling. Make sure you ask them to adjust the level of spice according to what you can handle. They have a huge variety of dishes available - be warned, you will take a long to time to decide what you want to order!
the food is typical Malaysian food and the service is lousy.  The owner is nasty and not a pleasant person.  The reason is that he is practically the only Malaysian  restaurant left in Chinatown.  If there is another in the area i would choose not to order with them!!!!
Roti Canai + (hot sauce drenched) Hainese Chicken w/ flavored rice  + Thai ice tea = a near euphoric experience. For newbie or the veteran, it's hard to go wrong with the above combo.Nyonya has been one of my favorite Malaysian restaurants for many years now. Needless to say, I was saddened to see them close down...but was relieved to see they were just moving across the street. I didn't a chance to check out their new location yet, until this past weekend but I must say - damn, it's good to be back. Happy Fooding!
Who would have expected such an awesome asian restaurant in the middle of Little Italy?! I'm from Hong Kong, where Malaysian food is easy to find and always delicious. Since moving to the US, I have been searching far and wide for some awesome and authentic Malaysian food. Nyonya is seriously as good as it gets! I've been there a few times with my dad and have also brought some friends to share the experience. No complaints so far! A MUST at Nyonya: Roti Canai: crispy on the edges and soft in the center. Great for dipping in the curry. I myself can probably eat about 3 orders of those :p Hainanese Chicken with Rice- The chicken flavored rice is delicious! And the special soy sauce and chili that goes with the rice completes the dish. The wait isn't too bad and the food comes out really quickly.
4.5I have a lot of history with this restaurant and went there when I was younger. I have not been for a few years and decided to go today. First off, the restaurant is a clean and fairly casual looking place. When you walk in you see the numerous of awards and articles written about this place. When we sat down to order, fairly quickly a waitress came to take are order and we had to tell her that we were not ready yet. The menu is huge and there is so much to choose from (I advise you, if you do not like spicy food, do not come here because the majority of the menu has spicy food) It took awhile to choose are order and it took awhile for the waitress to come.We ordered Shrimp Puffs and Seaweed Salad as are appetizers, Sambal Shrimp and House Special Squids as are entrees with coconut and brown rice. The appetizers took awhile to come but when they did come, the seaweed salad was awesome! They put pickled mango in it or something and the flavor is really great! Surprisingly the seaweed had a little bit of spice to it that I really enjoyed! I ate the appetizer all by myself... muwahaha. My dining partner ate the Shrimp Puffs, which according to him were very good (I did not eat any because I don't eat bacon). They were crunchy on the outside and have a nice shrimp taste. The entrees came right after we finished are appetizers. The House Special Squid was quite spicy and had a very rich flavor, my dining partner enjoyed it very much. The Sambal Shrimp had an excellent sauce that was so flavorful! It was pretty spicy but not to much, I think the amount of spice was good. I really liked my dish and ate the whole plate (be mindful that the serving sizes are not very big)Overall, a nice atmosphere (It was a little to cramped for me though) Good, very cheap, friendly service and excellent food. Will try to venture downtown again there soon
could have been a bad day but i don't believe so.tasteless, unauthentic food.stomach didn't feel well for the rest of the day.didn't expect great service, BUT asked 5 times for water before getting it, and my dish was brought to the table when my wife was nearly done with hers.
Cheap and yummy, just how I like it! Started with the roti canai, which was excellent. And I had the clay pot noodle soup for my main - perfect on a cold winter's night as it'll warm you right up. The place loses a star for service. They're not the friendliest or most attentive staff - I expect more, even from a hole in the wall in New York. Still, I would go back as the food is good.
Nyonya is a very popular place to eat in at night. I usually go there for dinner, and it's very packed. My mentality is that, if it's packed, it must be good. The service can be a little slow, but it's understandable since it's very crowded. The service also seemed a bit rushed, I mean once we were seated and settled in, a waiter comes and asks what we would like already. I mean we just settled in, so we couldn't possibly have an answer. Besides that, I have one dish that i love the most in there, it's the chicken in special chef sauce that you can get half a plate or a full plate of. It's the best chicken I've ever tasted because of the sauce. It's a must try! It's an okay place to eat in, but the price is very expensive compared to other Malaysian restaurants I've eaten at.
Two things to keep in mind. First, this place is cash only. Second, this place is run like a typical Chinatown joint aka the service is shit. With that in mind, Nyonya is great. Everything tastes good, and everything is cheap. Roti canai is a must. Fried noodles are usually the best dish, but don't be afraid to take a chance and order something you don't know. Odds are you'll like it.
This is one of the better places for Malaysian in New York. I tried Roti Telur for the first time (I usually get Roti Canai like everyone else, haha) and it didn't disappoint at all! Their rice dishes are pretty good. I had the Nasi Lemak, which is "coconut rice flavored w. cloves  screw-pine leaves. Served w. chili anchovy, pickle, curry chicken w. bone and hard boiled eggs." More like half of a hard boiled egg, but still very filling. My friend had the tumeric rice, and of course, I had to try some. It was aromatic, but seems like something you can get anywhere else. It's a nice place for a small group of people to hang out and get decently priced food.I will probably come back here to taste other dishes before editing this review!
First time I've had Malaysian and I wanted to try some standard Malay dishes. We had the Indian mee goreng, haianese chicken, roti, and malaysian ice tea.The malaysian ice tea was like a thai tea, but sweeter. Everyone gets at least one order of the roti and why should we stray from everyone else? The delicious fried bread was served with a little bowl of chicken curry. Definitely a good way to whet the appetite.The Indian mee goreng was I'm assuming an indian inspired version of the standard mee goreng. When the Hainanese chicken came out, we thought they had given us the wrong thing because the chicken was yellow. Yellow like it had been cooked in yellow curry. I figured it was due to the type of chickens they were using. The chicken was still good and it was even better with the sauce that came along side it. I got a side of the rice and it was a perfect compliment to it. 3.5 stars for me. My friends tell me it was a lot better when it was in the old location, but I have nothing to compare it to.
Awesome restaurant with great prices.  You have to try the roti canai and seafood scramble egg chow fun.  Wash it down with watermelon juice or coconut water straight outta the nut.
I don't know why this place has such a high rating, I thought the food was mediocre, some dishes were a hit but more than some were not.Family style asian restaurant, clean, crowded, good for big groups.
Yes.. the Roti Canai is THAT good. Its this slightly sweet pancake thing that is thin with some parts of it crispy and other parts of it soft. You tear off pieces of it, roll it up/mishmash it and dip it in the glorious curry sauce. When you bite into it you get all the different layers of the pancake mixing with the curry sauce and its like sex in your mouth.. except you can't get an STD or get knocked up. Another thing that was just absofuckinglutely spectacular was to get the chicken flavored rice and pour some of that sexy curry sauce all over it.. I could go all night with that roti..  ROTIisHOT!Another dish we got was the Beef Rendang. They managed to have the flavors of all the spices (cinnamon, cloves, etc) permeate throughout all of the beef chunks. I would have preferred to have the meat a little bit more tender but the flavor made up for it.Pork Curry Ribs - Think Beef Rendang but 5x more tender..  and with a nice and slightly spicy curry flavor. I would have liked a bit more ribs as I think there were only about 9 rib pieces on the plate.. which lasted about five seconds between 3 ppl. Mango Chicken - As a previous poster mentioned it didn't really seem in sync with the rest of the food here. I mean it tastes good as the chicken is really tender and the fresh strips of mango are great.. but it just seems out of place after eating the roti canai, beef rendang, and pork curry ribs. It kind of reminded me of eating a sexed up version of sweet and sour chicken.Without a doubt the highlight of this place is the Roti Canai and being able to pour the curry over rice after the pancakes are ever so swiftly consumed.
I've had a sampling of their dishes, including the Nasi Lemak, Roti Canai, Hainanese Chicken, Chicken Rice, Kerabu, Laksa and coconut pudding. Rather tasty and very Malaysian to malaysian chinese. While I've had better Malaysian, it's thus far the best I've had in NYC... while crowded and a bit noisy for most of the day, it's definitely a good bang for the buck, and pleasing to the palate, meriting a solid 4 stars.
I went here on a friend's recommendation.THIS PLACE ACCEPTS CASH ONLY!....just so you know.I ordered fried pork intestines for the starter and asam laksa for the entree....I loved the pork intestines....it was beyond my expectations.  it was pretty crispy and you didn't get the notion that it was intestines...and the sauce that came out with it was great too.  It kinda gave me a feeling that I was eating don-katsu at a restaurant. :)Asam Laksa was a unique taste.  It tasted somewhat good though.  When I first ordered it, the waiter tried to discourage me from ordering it.  I guess it's authentic/exotic malay dish...but I didn't care...I wanted to try it anyways.....it never hurts to try a new dish.The texture of the noodles were nice, and the taste of the soup was quite unique - slightly spicy, sour and fish taste to it.  Nevertheless, it wasn't as bad as the waitress explained it to me.....come to think of it, I think I enjoyed it quite a bit. :)So if you are into trying authentic,exotic new food, try asam laksa. :)the total bill came out to be $14.92 + tip....wish I stayed in NYC longer to explore more..
You know the food must be good when my uncle's bald head starts sweating and he keeps ordering food to take home for his fictitious "pregnant wife".My uncle would probably give Nyonya 5 stars. I give it 3 stars. Averaging the two, that would be four, but since I'm the resident Yelper of the house, Nyonya gets a solid 3 stars as in good asian eats.We had a few hits and misses which are debatable between the uncle and I.HITS:Roti Cani (this is unanimous amongst every review here)Chow Kueh Teow (just okay)Fried Rice with Salted FishHainanese ChickenSpareribs Malaysian Style (Shoot. I can eat these all day long.)Sizzling Bean Curd (Although this may be the least Malaysian dish we ordered, I think I enjoyed it the most. Sometimes you just need a break from all the MSG and red meat and eat something that tastes healthy (nevermind that the tofu was probably fried first.))MISSES:Prawn Mee (way too many noodles in a small bowl of soup)And for my uncle's fictitious missus, he got an order of Asam Laksa. He said he would bring it to her at work but as Sherlock Holmes found, the Asam Laksa is still sitting in the fridge. I think he just wants it for himself. The majority of the food at Nyonya looks and tastes good. Everyone in the restaurant looked like they were having a good time. Everything on the tables looked good. I would have sat down at any random table and just chowed down. But simply to say, I just wasn't wowed.Edit: I'm going to throw in the extra star because Nyonya is beyond clean. The restaurant is largely accomodating, the whole bamboo look is theme-y, the drawings on the walls try to bring you to Malaysia, and the tables, plates and chopsticks are clean. At least no rice residuals on the chairs and dried sauce on the plates. Yea, I know- gross. But you won't find gross at Nyonya.
The place is packed! I like their india bread. We also got spicy crabs which is kinda tinny, but it only costs around $17. What can you ask more.
YUM!!!!! We had the roti with curry, beef randang and sweet and sour pork. Every dish was awesome!!!! The service was just ok but the food was worth the wait.
Being that Nyonya is only heels behind Manhattan's Chinatown, it is only a given that most of the waitstaff can speak Cantonese / Mandarin. While some may consider this aspect to hinder its authenticity as a genuine Malaysian establishment, it should be known that a considerable amount of the Malay population is able to communicate in Chinese. With that aside, the food is fantastic. The Indian Nan appetizers and sweet rice are delicious. The coconut desserts are refreshing and fun. The service is as good as their food, which is inexpensive and a true delight. Will come back here again for sure!
Roti Canai I can't get enough of this appetizer. Doesn't get much better than this for Malaysian food, the roti canai was delicious, pineapple fried rice, whole chicken...everything was delicious. For people who haven't tried Malaysian food .... its kinda a mix of Thai, Indian and Chinese cuisine.The seating is really tight so waiters and waitresses are always brushing up on you because its so busy in there... the wait is usually long.
I went there with my Singaporean friends and it was delicious!They told me so much about this place and I was ready to not be suprised by this Malaysian cusine... but it was actually good and tasty!The place is nothing extremely fancy but lets say its has a nice atmosphere and the food was def worth it... I will come back soon!
My friend recco'd and said it was "Singaporian", I'm not sure what that is, but it was delicious! Not too spicy, not too garlicky, I only wish I could have had more, the menu was nuts!
One of my long time favorite Malaysian restaurants since I can't remember (they used to be across the street and the interiors were adorned with bamboo. Food is simply the best. But Nyonya was only a second choice from I believe is a "brother" restaurant "Baba". Since it has closed a long time ago, it has always been Nyonya for many dinners with friends and family.
As noted by most, the roti canai ($3.50) is excellent (it's a rather light apetizer). The beef rendang ($14, extra for rice) is amazing as expected. What surprised me is how delectable the mee siam fried noodles ($7) were. Spicy greatness!
I. Love. Nyonya.I've been coming here for years and it never fails to disappoint. Still one of my favorite restaurants in NYC.Years ago when I moved to New York a friend of mine brought me here for my first time... until then I had never experienced anything like Malaysian cuisine. It's like Chinese meets Thai meets Indian and it is a-may-zing. If I could eat here once a week I'd die a happy man. Unfortunately I live across the country now but it's still at the top of my list every time I visit.What to order:1. Roti canai (for $3.50 how can you not?)--one order is enough for a couple people to split2. Garlic chicken--this is the stuff dreams are made of for me... it's so simple but SO good. Chicken fried skin on doused in fried garlic slivers and a soy-based sauce.3. Hainanese Chicken--this one isn't as obvious of a choice unless you've had it before... in which case it's a no-brainer. It's room-temp chicken that's been steamed and chilled so the skin gels into this amazing texture... I haven't had it anywhere else yet that's as good as here. Comes with spicy and soy sauces. Order a side of chicken flavored rice to go with it or get the smaller portion in the "rice" section of the menu that comes  with rice.4. Beef rendang--melt-in-your-mouth beef that's been stewed with spices, lemongrass and coconut milk.5. Mee Goreng--stir-fried egg noodles in a dark sauce with tofu, potato, shrimp, eggs and peanuts... gooood noodles6. Kang kung--for the longest time I had no idea what the English name for this vegetable was but I recently learned that it's called "water spinach" here. It's a hollow-stemmed green that's tossed in a shrimp paste sauce to create one of my all-time favorite veggie sides.
There was nothing super special about this place except that it looks kind of nice.   The service could have been better.   Some of the waiters were very hospitable,  but then there were some who were not.   The bowls, cups and plates were not very clean. We asked for bowls to share food and they gave us the bowls, but there was some kids of food still stuck on the outside of the bowl. .. the outside of the bowl had residue that you could feel. The waitress who was an older Asian lady that changed or bowls rolled her eyes when i told her the bowls were dirty.  After getting new bowls,  they weren't any better. .. there was still residue on the outside of the bowl. The food was pretty good. .. but I have no choice but to give them a 2 because their cleanliness level was that bad and makes me wonder how clean the plates and bowls with our orders food are.
Was pleasantly surprised at the authenticity of the food. Ordered delivery and it was lovely. Love the fried buns, nasi lemak and chicken rice. Their fried kuey teow noodles are a little on the tough side. Roti canai tastes like they were microwaved to heat up but the taste is good with the curry. The only downside is that they only accept cash and that's why we ordered in that night. Would definitely come back again to dine in and get a taste of home.
This place has great malaysian/chinese food, it's pretty authentic all around.  Great curry noodle soup or the hainan chicken dish.Check out some asam stingray dish too if you want to try something different.  Get an order of roti canai as well.Decor is good, staff is not bad.  Con:  the male "dyed blonde hair" chinese owner/casher got very bad breath and bad attitude.  He just wants you to pay and get out of his restaurant.  need better friendlier service..
really not worth the hype. the food is ehhh okay not great!had the roti canai , it was the best thing i had that night.the pad thai was just not that flavorfulthey do have a full bar and the atmosphere was nicethe wait staff could pay a little more attention but overall its an okay place if you can decide where to eat in the neighborhood but there are a lot more better "hole in the wall" place in the area. you are basically paying for a safe place to eat with many tourist
Great food! Quick and friendly service. Roti canai =A ++!! ordered the chicken curry =very flavorful. The noodle soups fresh light and yum. staff is friendly and sweet. definitely coming back here with friends.
Don't get me wrong, for the food, I'd give it a 4 stars.  But because they have gotten so stingy with every dish it's not worth eating there knowing that you'll go hungry an hour after eating there. That is why I'm giving it 3 stars.  I used to like this place but let me tell you something, I HATE stingy restaurants.  You can raise the price people will understand, the economy is not doing well and everyone understands.  But don't raise the price and cut back on the portions all together.  It's just going to drive away customers.     The waiters are pretty picky with which table they allow you to sit even though there's plenty of free tables around.   Service is ok only.
After all the good recommendations and reviews from friends and yelp, I decided to pay Nyonya a visit. First impression - nice decor, the service was attentive and the place was packed - the sign of a good restaurant. The food - I would say it's not bad. The authenticity cannot be compared to what you'd get in Asia, but Nyonya is as good as it gets in Manhattan. We had nasi lemak, prawn mee and hainanese chicken. Nasi lemak was good, the curry chicken though was dry, sambal ikan bilis (dried anchovies with chili paste) hit the right note for me. The hainanese chicken was simple yet mouth-watering - the meat is tender and smooth, and it goes so well with the chili sauce. Here's the verdict - It's not spectacular but worth a visit. I'd definitely return to try other dishes.
Nyonya was a big disappointment. The decor was nice and the prices were fair. The service was friendly but inattentive. The famous roti canai was a weak effort. A good roti pancake is slightly moist and chewy, this one was dried out and tasteless. The pancake should not crack or shatter when you tear it. Ours did. The accompanying coconut milk curry sauce was okay, though also slightly bland. We also ordered the chicken wings tied with screw pine leaf. They arrived piping hot and crisp fried. So far so good. The problem was that these nicely fried brown wings were hamstrung with plant-based green twine. These babies were strapped down tight--which made it difficult to extract them from their bondage without burning our fingers. That would have been okay if ties added to the taste or texture of the wings but the planty twine didn't serve any obvious purpose. The worst part was that the wings barely had any meat on them, so it was a lot of fiddling for nothing.  The accompanying sambal dipping sauce was nice, but all in all, it was a lot of work for very little return.The mango shrimp flat-out sucked. It was a warm fruit salad dressed with ketchup and decorated with a few tired shrimp. The shrimp tasted of iodine.
This place is as legit as they get. Seriously. For eat-in, take-out, and delivery. I often choose delivery, and damn they're fast - they always say 45 minutes but are usually here in 15-20.High quality food, very tasty and well-presented. Best part is that it's such a good deal - definitely the best overall asian food in the Little Italy/Nolita/LES areas, and definitely the best bang for your buck. The staff are friendly, and the new restaurant is clean.You can never go wrong with the roti canai as a starter - I love that peanut sauce. My top two personal favorite entrees are the smooth and tasty hainanese chicken, and the richly-flavored beef rendang.This has been my overall favorite Asian restaurant in the downtown area for several years straight now. I'll repeat - you really get your moneys worth here at Nyonya, and you'll definitely satisfy your cravings for some quality asian food.
This is just an amazing restaurant. Service and food spot on. Place is crowded but that doesn't mean a thing when it comes to service and food. Love love this place. If you are in NYC it is a must? Enough said.
the decor is nice. It's darkly lit and has nice cherry wood tables and chairs. I'd say it'd be a good place to take a date that you'd like to keep casual but still impress with a sexy time...unless your date likes food. we went for lunch and ordered off the lunch menu--which i personally think is lacking in variety, a lot of usual stir-fry dishes with brown sauce over rice. i don't think there was a noodle dish on the lunch menu..but i could very well be wrong. (the rest of the menu is extensive though, or at least has a lot of things listed)we got the roti canai like all you yelpers insisted nyonya eaters do---thank you for that. it was probably the most enjoyable part of the meal other than the sexy cherry wood tables (take a date with a table fetish).roti canai is a very thin paper-like "bread" or crepe that's chewy and lightly crispy and dipped in curry. it has a light buttery hint that's quite pleasant and the side of dipping curry is large enough to pour over your brown rice---which is absolutely necessary given how dry and unpalatable the brown rice is at Nyonya. i wish the desert-dry brown rice ($.50 extra) in my 'Malaysian Buddhist Over Rice' dish ($6.50) was my biggest complaint, but no. the dish was completely tasteless. bland like no other. because the broccoli, carrots, cabbage, and mushrooms were drenched in the tasteless brown sauce, the basic vegetable taste of each, the broccoli taste, the carrot taste, etc. didn't even shine through. i am a big herbivore--i dont need my veggies seasoned. i like the taste of simple greens, but even that was masked by the bland sauce. this is a big let down since the chicken and veggie soup that comes with the lunch special was delicious and savory. if it werent for the fact that i'd like to try their mee siam, i wouldn't go back. oh, and as we were leaving, a man in a long white apron and rubber gloves came through the dining room with a bucket of live, splashing fish and splashed fish juice all over my friend without so much as a sorry or acknowledgment of the 90 health violations that just occurred. eh, next time i'll just bring my own bottle of soy sauce and a poncho.
I am so glad to have come upon this Malaysian restaurant in NY, even more so because of how inexpensive and how much variety of Malaysian food is on the menu here. We got the obligatory roti canai with curry chicken and popiah as appetizers. Both were authentic and delicious - the curry chicken was sumptuous by itself. For entree, we got the beef rendang and Hainanese chicken with coconut rice and chicken rice - both were excellent and authentic, and definitely cheap for the amount of food you get. We would have got dessert but was way too full to have any, would love to return whenever I'm back in the Big Apple again. For those of you who want yummy inexpensive Malaysian food, this would be the place to go!!!
Very solid, authentic SE Asian Malaysian restaurant in Little Italy. My friend really wanted to try the #Hiannese chicken with rice. I was not a big fan as perhaps the chicken was too simple. The rice was good as it was cooked in chicken broth which you could tell by the yellowness of the rice. There is a spicy thai chicken which looks like the Hiannese chicken topped with a curry like sauce. I got the #Nasi Lemak which I favored for the variety. Overall a bit salty. Comes with bone-in curry chicken, boiled egg. anchovies, pickles, rice. #Roti with with curry sauce. This is the second time I've had this at a Malaysian joint. The Roti was nice fluffy and crispy but could have been hotter coming out.  The curry sauce was a bit too much on the salty side and could have used some sweet/sour to balance. #Malaysian ribs: my fave dish. Good portion size with 8 or so ribs and a sweet chili sauce that was a must. The ribs were fried and extra crispy. The marinate itself was very flavorful.OVERALL: worth a try. lots of other menu items i've yet to explore. 3.5 stars not 3.
On the Hainan chicken rice alone I'd give this place 5 stars, but as a whole the other dishes did not come up to chicken rice.Me and my friend came in around 1 on a Saturday and the wait was only 10 minutes. We say and ordered way more than we could eat which may have been the explanation for our long wait time to get our food.The roti was very good, especially the sauce that they give you to dip it in. The hainan chicken was amazing. It's a cold chicken dish with a soy based sauce that is cooked so well. The chicken was so juicy and tender and the rice is flavored very well. I actually ordered one to go after I ate it.We had other dishes that just weren't to our liking, there was just an acquired flavor in each that we didn't like.When I come back I will only be ordering roti and hainan chicken.
Wasn't really expecting much from an asian fusion spot but this is by far one of the worst asian fusion spots. Lots of seating and surprisingly clean but the food is so bad. Rice rolls were dry. Casseroles were off flavored. Tried half a dozen dishes total and I am confident saying: you are way better off going to almost any other Chinatown spot.
Unfortunately, the trend of smaller portions and higher prices continues. Today, my seafood fried noodles basically lacked seafood. There were two shrimps and two pieces of squid in the whole plate of noodles. I remember how they used to have a pile of seafood. Sad. And they didn't make it up to us in any way when I pointed it out. Too bad. This used to be one of my favorite restaurants.
Delicious and good priced duck over rice dish. My favorite. I would visit or order from here again.
Here is a short rehash of my experiences with Nyonya's food:- The nasi lemak is like Halal Guys to me, in that it's bloody fantastic when you're starving/smashed/have just finished a very lengthy athletic event, but when you're in a normal state of mind it's just ok. It's not particularly worth recommending, but it is decent and overly filling. You see it for what it really is: a middling-good-ish mixture of rice, small fish, some meat and pickled vegetables, and plenty of oil. It leaves you feeling a bit greasy yourself.- Roti canai: I would come to Nyonya just for this roti and - the real gem here - that amazing curry chicken sauce. - Hainanese chicken: Not very good at all. The chicken itself is bland and tasteless (contrary to popular belief, it's not supposed to be), and has too little meat. I was mostly picking through bones. The rice, described as "subtly chicken flavored", was so subtly flavored that there was no flavor at all.  Go for this dish at a Chinese place instead.- Chow kueh teow: Basically just stiff fried noodles. Not much other included either other than said stiff fried noodles. Also not anything close to hot and spicy as described. Very disappointing.TLDR: The nasi lemak is awesome when you're in an extreme state of mind and want to wolf something down. Otherwise Nyonya is rather disappointing.
Really decent Malaysian food!! They have the classic Malaysian bread with the curry dip- legit!I also ordered the hainanese chicken (one of my favorite dishes from Malaysian Places). It can with an orange tangy sauce to dip the chicken with. I also tasted some of the noodles under the noodle list- I got the first one on the list- tasted like pad thai.All the dishes were really well-made and in generous portions. I recommend this place if you're craving Malaysian food. CASH ONLY! Food comes out relatively quick - service was pretty fast. They have plenty of seating so there wasn't a wait. Located across from hometown hotpot!!!
Food here was decent. The Brooklyn locations taste way better than here. I recommend going to the one in Brooklyn.
Things I love: pineapple fried rice, roti canai, the cheap price, and I also like Corgis - thanks for asking.Things my friends love: the curries and beef over rice.Nyonya has great Malaysian food that barely puts a dent in your wallet, I don't think you can go wrong with any of the popular Malaysian dishes at this place. The one thing lacking here is service when it's busy: they can give you an estimated wait time that's way shorter than the actual wait time, and sometimes orders get mixed up or forgotten. They are quick to correct any mistakes and get your food out quickly though, so it's really  4.5 stars in my book.
I ordered Young Tofu for take out yesterday. When I got home I found they gave me Young Tofu noodles instead. The container was filled 50% with noodles. I specifically dId NOT want noodles. Food was good.  I either have to check my order before leaving or eat in from now on.
We absolutely hate the fact that they're Cash Only, mostly because of the volume we like to order when we're here. Plus I don't like carrying too much cash on me, if any. That gripe aside, we love everything else.Let me first say, we are not familiar with the cuisine. We don't know much about Malaysian food, but coming here, we've already acquired a few favorites. We can't speak on its quality or authenticity since we don't have any other experiences with Malaysian food to compare their dishes to. All we know is we've have thoroughly enjoyed everything we've had here. Not being familiar with Malaysian cuisine has actually allowed us to try different things, rather than going for go-to favorite dishes. We've had several noodle and rice dishes, blue crab, crispy squid tentacles, duck, frog, Hainanese chicken, and numerous varieties of roti! We've yet to be disappointed. The place can get pretty crowded, but we've never had to wait too long. Sometimes service is great; other times it can be difficult to get their attention, but they're always friendly. Still five stars in my book!
I came on a Saturday night with two friends who were planning their first trip to Malaysia. I had visited not too long ago, and while we waited for our meal we talked about all the amazingly delicious food that you can find there. Unfortunately, that discussion got derailed completely when the food arrived. We all agreed that it was the worst Malaysian meal any of us had ever had. The nyonya rojak was 75% jicama, 24% overly salty sauce, and 1% everything else. The roti telur was served with a very bland chicken curry (no meat, just a bone). The char kway tiao was the most acceptable dish, only because it reminded us of the American Chinese chow fun that we'd all had fond memories of. The noodles were a pale beige and there were three overcooked tiny shrimp in it. This place is cash only, in case you didn't see the 5+ signs exclaiming that on your way in!
nonya is my go to place for comfort food.the hainanese chicken dish is what i used to get as a teenager, when i was short on cash, therefore it has a special place in my heart.the amount of food you get for what you pay is unbelievable.there usually is a bit of a wait because of the popularity but well worth it!the new MENU has pictures of every dish at the restaurant, how helpful !
it feels like i'm here every other week but technically, about once a month. man friend is absolutely in love with this place and without fail thus far, only orders the hainanese chicken dish - half bird, full bird, all bird bird bird and a side of chicken broth rice.i'll be honest, that shit is pretty damn good but i can't eat that much chicken!so i usually get noodle soups (good, not great) or like during our most recent visit, the sauteed shrimp and okra w/shrimp paste dish - delish!their roti (pancake) dish with curry dipping sauce is mouth watering.portions are abnormally big for the price point but i'm not complaining.there is usually a wait but never too long, 10 to 20 minutes tops, sometimes even less.btw, it is cash only.
I haven't had Malaysian food in years and this transported me right back to Malaysia. The food is delicious, authentic, and fresh. It is a popular place, so I recommend getting there for an earlier dinner to cut the crowds. LOVE:- quick, attentive service- fresh juices- large portions (definitely go family style!)- very very affordableGreat place for a casual date or group dinner! Not a very fancy place! If you haven't had Malaysian food before, this is the place to start!
This place is super cheap, so we decided to just order a bunch of their dishes to try it out. Asked the waiter if the roti would be enough for us, but they recommended we get more orders so we opted to get the roti telur also. The roti is paper thin and I thought was plenty for 3 people to try. The roti telur was much more filling and a lot thicker than the roti. It reminds me of green onion pancake with egg Taiwanese breakfast. The beef redang was very tender and the best dish of the night. The chicken broth rice is as delicious as it sounds and worth a try. The other two dishes that we ordered, hainese chicken and mango shrimp were pretty average. I thought service here was quite slow and was unhappy that they recommended more appetizer even when we had 3 entrees and 1 appetizer to split among 3 people. The beef redang, chicken broth rice, and the roti were the highlights of the meal.
Two stars for the good food but they really need to improve on the sanitation. Went in someday this week and ordered a Nasik Lamar for take out. When I ate the food, there was a piece of hair stuck in the rice, pretty shocking because their grade is A I believe. I called them immediately to tell them about it and I had to repeat myself three times because telling the guy "There was a piece of hair stuck in my rice" was confusing the first two times. After he finally heard it, he rushed the conversation telling me to bring it back and I continued to tell him I would go right when the rain stops pouring. He kept saying okay okay okay and rushed me to end the conversation. When I went back, I told him that I called to tell him there was hair in my rice. He opened the bag but not the box to check and was about to bring it to the back to have them remake one but I figured I'd be better off getting a refund. I asked for a refund instead and he seemed unwillingly to give me the refund, not to mention that he didn't even apologize for this. Never coming back again, I can get Malaysian food somewhere else.
Can't love more about this place! Yummy food, good quality, and good service at a fair price. Most dishes are very tasty yet some are debatable. If you go with Yelp/waiters recommendation for dishes, I'm pretty sure you will enjoy the food. In addition to good food, drinks are great too! Bubble tea and fresh coconut water are both my favorites!Yummy dishes: roti canal, hainanese chicken, spawns in coconut sauce, chicken broth rice, fish dishes, spinach/watercress in bean curd sauce.I'm a frequent visitor of this place.
Can't believe that I didn't get to know this place sooner. For restaurants in the area, this place is so spacey and clean. No line for a Tuesday early dinner. We got Roti Canai, Pasembur and Beef Rendang. Roti Canai and Pasembur are indeed very interesting, if not authentic. Pasembur was served first. We couldn't recognize the dish at first. We were expecting to see a cold cucumber salad, instead of a yellow pumpkin sauced covered salad. Yet, it was delicious. Love the light chewy jelly fish and the crunchy shrimp pancakes and jicama. The salad was sweet, salty, fresh and light. Have to love new food discovery!Roti Canai was an experience as well. Roti, indian pancake, was made very thin and crispy compared to the roties I have had in Indian restaurants. Chicken coconut curry was served as a dipping sauce, and those two together created a much savory appetizer. It can be a fun little snack as well. My friend used to come just for this. Beef Rendang is tender pieces of beef simmered with exotic spices (cinnamon and cloves) and lemongrass in coconut milk. It was great with coconut rice. Loved the soft tendons from the beef chunks. Yum~. Yet, eating this after Roti Canai was a bit much. I will not order 2 curried dishes together next time.My friend thought the food looked sloppier that it used to be. He suspected that the original chef might have been replaced. Yet, for the first time experience, I like it. Service was fast, and food was authentically delicious. It reminded me the food I had in Singapore, a fusion of Malaysian, Chinese and Indian cuisines. I would come back to try the Hainanese Chicken, which used to be my top favorite food in Singapore. Yes!
Food was great, this spot is so much better than the brooklyn location. I ordered the roti canai, seafood egg noodle and prawn mee. Only thing i wish they put a bit more seafood for both dishes, even some cheap but delicious fish cakes would be amazing.
With the limited Malaysian ingredients available in NYC...it's hard to beat Malaysia cuisine in Malaysia...but in Manhattan, this is the best you can get!The Roti Canai....wonderfully crispy with a slight chewy texture...LOVED IT...expecially with the chicken curry sauce! OMG I can feel my salivary glands engorging...oh oops I salivated a little! Yes! YUM! it was GOOD!Their Nasi Lemak is ok...not the best I've had but their veggie curry is good! Beef and Chicken satays were standard but tender and flavorful. I really liked the Prawn Mee cause it had a lot of flavor...but it was quite salty...some tea is needed after that. Service was typical Asian...You waited outside for 20 mins...they seat you when all your party is here, , take 10 mins to look @ the menu....order quickly and family style, food comes roughly 10 mins after that...and you eat...talk for 10 mins, the check comes and then they stare at you to make you uncomfortable so you'll give up your table for the next guests :) Decor...Southeast Asian chic...clean, I like it!
Having recently moved from LA, I'm always very skeptical about Asian restaurants in NYC. I tried the most popular dishes:1. Roti Canai - for $5, it's not worth the money. The top is too crusty and not soft enough. The portion was too small. 2. Hainanese Chicken Rice - the chicken was a little too dry and definitely is no competition for those you can find in LA. It should be juicy and tender.3. Kangkong Belacan - again, a little too dry. For $10, certainly not worth the price.4. Malaysian Iced Tea - this is probably what saved the restaurant from a one-star rating. It's the best thing I tasted in this establishment.The Hainanese Chicken Rice took really long. The owner was nice enough to apologize to us though. If I had to do it all over again, I would be interested to try other dishes since there's such a huge selection. However, seeing that I only found the popular ones mediocre at best, I am not sure if I would return.
This place is always packed at night.  The go-to Malaysian restaurant.  I'd have to admit that their servings used to be bigger but it's still great!
WOW.  I'm so glad that my friend recommended that we go to Nyonya - we ordered fried rice with serrated fish in it (something like that), green string bean dish and the beef rendang.  Perfect dishes and the right amount of food for the both of us.  I'm forgetting what kind of dessert we got-we asked the server for a recommendation and it was tasty-something with ice cream.  The tea was tasty too.  It did take forever for someone to take our order and I would be tempted to take a star off but the food is THATTTT good.  And once it slowed down, the servers did check on us more often.  The place is big and clean.  The bathroom stalls are made of matte glass - I don't feel comfortable that I can see the toilet through the glass in the next stall.Anyway, total was $40 for the 3 dishes  a dessert - worth it!
A little crowded, but the food was good.  The roti was so good, not oily like most places.  Everything else was just OK, so the other dishes don't get no play.  Get 2 roti's and be out.  Go get a Banh Mi from across the street.
Not being around these parts, I must say I was thoroughly impressed with Nyonya. Needing my fill of homecooking while also pleasing a whole group (total 8) of non-Asians who have never eaten in Chinatown was terribly easy here. Not only did I order up the suggestions from fellow yelpers, my crew learned a little about Malaysian food and enjoyed the bamboo atmosphere.We had:Roti Canai - sultry sauce, but with only one tiny piece of chicken left me wanting moreBeef skewers - bite-size morselssauteed frog legs (non-spicy) - meaty with plenty of veggiesSkate or stingray - large portion of fish with bone in a sweet spicy sauceChar Koay Teow (fried rice noodles with seafood pieces) - delicious! a must!pearl noodles - loved the thick homemade noodlesspicy sauteed greens with minced shrimp sauce - perfectly authentic Asian side dishbeef rendang - spicy, thick sauce with falling apart meatEveryone left with full bellies and fat wallets. The total above without alcohol was $100 for eight people. A bargain in NYC!
After scouring Manhattan for authentic Malaysian food for several years, I happened upon Nyonya. I haven't had to search since. Their food is delicious and reasonably priced. Only the roti canai is lacking - but that is to be expected (where can I find good mamak roti canai here?). In all respect - worth a try.
Their sizzling seafood platter is one of the best I've ever had, served with a choice of chicken, coconut, brown, or white rice. I really enjoyed the chicken rice but was not a fan of the coconut rice. (The fragrance of the coconut rice did not mix well with the seafood platter). Service was great. Food was excellent. Restaurant is in a great location---right off the Grand Street Station (B,D)! Definitely coming back!*By the way, I come here regularly, at least once a week, after that first encounter.
Never had Malaysian cuisine before and it's pretty amazing.Sort of mix of fine Chinese with Indian food.Product quality is great. Menu offers lots of choice.Sea bass is incredible.Go for it !
Have been here so many times with friends I cant even count. It's a great place with great food. Love the Nasi Lemak and the Roti Canai. I can't remember half of the other dishes we've had here but it has always been good. Their fried ice cream with green tea flavored ice cream is so good because the ice cream is so rich. Def worth a visit if you're craving filling and inexpensive Malay.
First time trying here.  Nothing much special than other malaysian restaurants.  Also, like other malaysian restaurants "CASH ONLY" this is really bad they should have a law for resaturants to not take credit cards, very inconvenient for the customers.    Food is definitely good, I have to visit here couple more times to give a better rating.
This is my go-to spot for decent, affordable food. The food is not five stars so don't expect everything to be cooked just right to the perfect texture, but the flavors are delicious; it's good, old comfort food. The must-have appetizer that my friends and I always get is the roti canai which comes with an amazing curry sauce on the side. Otherwise, just order what looks good to you on the menu ;)
Seriously, the best Tom Yum soup I've ever had - spicy, hot, and sour and filled with veggies, mushrooms, scallops, and shrimp.  The small size is actually quite large and can easily feed two people.  Also, their's is the best Pad Thai I've ever had too.  Best Thai takeout/delivery (though it's a Malaysian style restaurant) I've ever had.  Highly recommended!
I really liked this place. I found it to be pretty cheap for the amount of food you get.Highly recommend the roti, they are like very flat dough things that you dip in this very delicious sauce,also, their coconut rice is very delicious! highly recommend as a side dish, it is very tender and small grain rice that is a bit moist from the coconut milk they make it with, but the flavor is very subtle.very good rice and noodle dishes. I ordered family style with my friends and we all shared, so i am not sure the names of the dishes.
I come here whenever I'm nostalgic for great Malaysian flavors at a great value. Come with a big group so you can try everything - from the hainanese chicken rice to the nasi lemak. Their roti canai is the crisp-chewiest sweet-flakiest around and the curry dipping sauce is deep and complex. The sarang burong is decadent. Was dying to come after finishing the book Crazy Rich Asians and got to scratch the itch over the weekend with some friends after bo ssam and a much-needed stroll to get some abc/chendol shaved ice and malaysian iced tea and coffee. Hooray!
This restaurant constituted my first Malaysian food experience. To me it seemed heavily influenced by other bordering cultures, most predominantly Thai, Indian, and Chinese. We went for lunch and ordered the roti canai, beef rendang, and sarang burong.The roti canai was the first course to make its way to our table. Its texture was great being both stretchy and crispy and to hot to touch. It was served with chicken based curry style gravy that was also astounding. You know a sauce is going to be good when you find chunks of bones in it. The beef rendang was the dish that really showed the mixture of cultures the best. It was more like an Indian curry but the spice set was definitely Thai influenced. Lemongrass and cardamom together? It worked though (And will give me some experimental ideas at home). Finally the sarang burong. This dish was certainly under the Chinese persuasion. It was essentially a bird's nest made from fried taro filled with seafood and vegetables. I have had this exact dish at some Chinese places but this one was done quite well. The flavors were mild but extremely savory.All in all the food here was very good but the atmosphere was a bit hip for my tastes. The service was good but relatively impersonal. Basically this quote I pulled from their web page sums up what I did not like about this place:New healthier preparation - Less oil! No trans-fats! Now with full bar!I'm not too sure how that works in with the traditional Malaysian culture but again... I have little experience in this cuisine.
I'm sorry but this place doesn't hold a candle to New Malaysia a few blocks away. I heard good things and it was listed on the Malaysia Kitchen NYC website so I wanted to try it. Service was pretty poor, it took is a while to catch a servers eye to be able to place our order. We ordered the roti canai, crispy fried golden squid, princess bean curd, pineapple fried rice and the curry mee noodle soup. We received the roti and the squid immediately. I prefer my roti to be thicker to absorb the sauce better, this roti is paper thin, the sauce was ok, standard curry sauce. The squid was crispy and the right texture, very tasty if a tad but salty. I was also confused as to why the squid came out so early given its an entree dish and the other dishes came put much later in the night, it was 9pm on a Thursday and although busy it wasn't jam packed.it was a very long wait before another dish came out. It was the curry mee: my first sip of the broth and I immediately knew it was watery and tasteless. It was novel that it came with "young Tao foo" - the kind you get at Dim Sum. But honestly I was disappointed and barely touched this dish.After another long wait we finally received the tofu and rice. The tofu obviously had an egg batter on the outside, but it tasted so overpoweringly like eggs (like deep fried steamed eggs or japanese chawan- mushi) instead of tofu it was confusing, and it really wasn't what I was after. The shredded chicken in the dish made it visually a little unappetizing. The pineapple fried rice... Well by this time we had lost our appetite given the disappointing dishes so far, but we found one pineapple chunk in the whole dish, and the rice was bland and flavorless. Even their soy bean milk with grass jelly: the jelly bits were tiny specks instead of big chunks. I had seen fried ice cream on the menu and had been looking forward to that, decided it wasn't worth the risk. Cash only: unfortunately won't be coming here again.
PINEAPPLE FRIED RICE IS AMAZZZIIIINNNNGGGG. I'd eat it every day. Service is great, prices are great. Can't complain about anything really.
I love this place.  It is really good.  I love their roti canai which comes with a tiny bowl of curry dipping sauce which inside has a bit of chicken and steer clear of tiny bones.  I recommend their beverages--they have an iced beverage with shaved ice, corn, jello cubes, and coconut milk--I forgot what it is called. Awww shucks.  Who can say no to this wonderful iced coffee.  I love coming here to have a quick bite of noodles such as their ho fun which is a type of flattened rice noodles.  They have great chicken(wonderfully flavorful) and also really yum tofu options.  My friend gets their curry chicken and argues that it is nearly as spicy as her mother's cooking(she is from Bangladesh where spices stay well over half an hour on your tongue).  I love their boboh chacha which is one of my favorite desserts at Malaysian restaurants.  Delicious!
Aside from the first time I came here, everything has been splendid.  The service is prompt, the menu is (as far as I can tell) devoid of pitfalls, and the beer is not a ripoff.  With respect to that first time, the staff forgot our orders and thus gave us the opportunity to admire the surprisingly nice dining space for half an hour.On my last visit I ordered the mee siam, which was hot  spicy in a way that "hot  spicy" is often not.  My friend ordered the sizzling yee mee which he seemed v. satisfied with.  We shared vegetable spring rolls that brought us to the thin red line separating satiety from bloat.  In a good way, though.One dish I wouldn't recommend is the roti canai app., only because there are so many more tasty dishes here that give you more bang for the buck.
got here by serendipity. ate the hainan chicken and the fish head curry. wonderfully done. brought back find memories of my trips to Malaysia. just sorry that I live 400 miles away.
Mee likey Mee Goring.  Oki doki I like roti.  Maybe I'm a pansy, but i think the food's kinda spicy.  It also spiced me up in the toilet....Food: Delicious but spicy.Space: Woodsy but comfortable.Service: Quick and attentive. Seated right away. But they didn't understand sugar.Location: Lively neighborhood. Where's the parking?Nyona of New York. Spice up your life!
This is probably the best Malaysian restaurant in the city.  I've been coming here for over 15 years and the food is always consistently yummy and authentic.  The prices are also very reasonable.  You can generally find a dish to suit your tastes whether it be sweet, salty, spicy, or sour.  And some of the dishes have all of those flavors combined.Some of the dishes I'd recommend are:Roti CanaiMasak Lemak Over RiceMee SiamNyonya Seafood Rice NoodleBeef RendangKang Kung Belacan
LOVE LOVE LOVE.I've been coming here for 4-5 years and Nyonya still remains great. Yes, they did move across the street. I don't know why, but the new place looks a lot nicer. Two bathrooms! With two stalls in each and really nice sinks! My friends and I were in disbelief that we were still in Chinatown. However, service remains a bitch. Be prepared to call waiters two or three times to get your bill or a glass of water.I went with friends for lunch yesterday and ordered the following:- Roti canai: Of course- 1/2 Hainanese chicken: Not a fan of the room temperature thing, but my friends liked it.- Beef rendang: On the greasy side... some pieces were tough and chewy, while others were soft- Shrimp w/ eggplant: Very tasty and well seasoned- Spinach w/ bean curd- Chow kueh teow (fried noodles): At this point we were so full. Very good though.Overall, a very hearty and satisfying meal. The total came out to $60 for 4 of us. Not a bad deal! I'll probably be back next week.
Came here with four adults and ordered the following:3 Roti Canai1 Crispy Pork Intestines1 Fresh Coconut1 Hainese Chicken (1/2)1 Pineapple Fried Rice1 Wonton Mee1 Soda1 Profiteroles1 Chicken Rice1 Coconut RiceSubtotal:  53.10If I could do it again, I'll pass on the Profiteroles and the Crispy Pork Intestines...everything else was awesome.  Roti is a must and so is the Hainese Chicken and Pineapple Fried Rice.  Wish we had a bigger group so we could order more dishes.
Hands down, the best Malaysian restaurant in NYC!This place is amazing.  I especially like their Crispy Golden Fried Squid, and Hokein Char Me noodles, YUM!!!  I took my good friend (who lives in Malaysia) here, and he said this place compares to the food in Malaysia, even better than some too.
Stay away if you're a vegetarian. Seriously, there's nothing for us here. The roti canai was quite disappointing as well.
I've been here several times and generally order favorite dishes, occasionally trying new things once and a while.  I'm reviewing included past experiences because food quality and service was consistent.  Still a favorite as QPR is very high.Yes, they did move across the street to a new place about two weeks ago (as per Alex W.'s review).  The new space is indeed newer, a bit more open and cleaner.  It's nice enough that snobby out-of-towners won't be asking you why they're eating in a dingy hole-in-the-wall in Chinatown.  I figure it's nice enough for a date night though it's still noisy.  Bathrooms are clean!As others have said, the quality and consistency of the food... no change, still great food.  My "staples" are the Roti Canai, Hainanese Chicken (rice separate), Prawn Mee, Bean Curd Casserole, Kang Kung Belacan.  I've found some dishes didn't hit my palate that well as I prefer savory Asian dishes over sweet, but they do a good job on whatever you order.  Fish can be a bit pricey though...Still cash only when I went.  The service was probably the best we had so far.  It seems that this past rainy Sunday night, even though they were busy, everyone was on the ball.  Just call for anything or get eye contact and they get you whatever you need.  They even came back and refilled tea for us!  That often didn't happen at the old location.One of my favorite restaurants in eateries in NYC.
My first taste of Malaysian food was here in Nyonya, which turned out to be a good experience. The restaurant is decorated with dark, modern furniture with dim lights to give it a high class dining atmosphere. The service was pretty good; they took our rag tag party of chinatown adventurers and gave us a nice, large table to dine at. They must have known we would be really thirsty too because they were super quick to refill our drinks. Thanks guys!I tried the mee siam which turned out to be quite good; a bit spicy with very tasty shrimp and tofu. Overall, had a good dinner at Nyonya and would like to go back again to try their other dishes.
Roti is a must yall! You get 1 piece of roti served up with a small cup of curry sauce for dipping. In the curry sauce there is exactly 1 piece of chicken, 1 piece of chicken skin and 1 potato slice.  Makes for a great little snack for $3.50. Cash only and served up pretty quickly.I had the bean sprouts also which were pretty good, cooked in white pepper and garlic chips. Better than McDonald's and for the same price as a value meal. Nyonya is worth a visit.
As a former Singaporean I can attest that Nyonya is hands down one of the best places for Malaysian food outside of Malaysia  Singapore. Having grown up eating some of the best hawker center food (looking at those of you who have been to Singapore) in the world a trip to Nyonya brings back fond memories. First of all the Roti Canai (curry with chicken and potatoes served with Indian bread) is the only way to start things off . Next you can indulge in diverse Malaysian dishes like Beef Rendang, Nasi Lemak, countless noodle and rice dishes. Don't forget to try the dessert, the coconut based ones are the way to go. I highly recommend this place, so go here whether you have eaten Malaysian food or not, you will love it.
Crispy squid (unique and addictive), mango chicken (yes yes yes), shrimp and eggplant (well prepared, I wasn't crazy about the seasoning), and pad thai. Slightly hectic but otherwise excellent experience.
My cousin found this malay restaurant on Yelp and had good reviews, so we gave it a shot.The place was packed on Friday, we arrived around 8 and didn't get a table until about 20 mins later.The setting is pretty clean and the tables were nicely layed out.I loved the HOME MADE ROTI CANAI which is the crispy pancake dipped in curry sauce. The pancake was nice and thin, and the curry was not too spicy so it went very well.We also ordered the CHAMPION SPARERIBS which is deep fried spare ribs in their own sauce. Very similar to chinese deep fried spare ribs, except not using jalapeno and onion. It was nice and moist, and taste was not too sweet. We also ordered the bean sprout with salted fish. I never knew of this combination. If folks don't like the smell of salted fish, they may be scared off by it, but i thought it was an interesting combination with the bean sprout.Overall, great dinner place at good price. Highly recommend this place for malay food.
They apparently changed location. Tonight was their Grand Opening across the street (literally) at 199 Grand Street. They moved to a larger and completely newly renovated space. It is a lot more open and overall the decor feels more contemporary and clean. If that is a pro or con, you decide. i kind of miss the older homey atmosphere although this new space makes more logical sense.The food was excellent. Came quickly and tasted as good as the other two times i've been at the old location. but what urged me to write a review this time was because I was with a large group. for the first time i had a huge huge variety of dishes. not a single one disappointed and i believe it is safe to say that all the choices are fresh and tasty. no seriously, every dish i had was awesome. even my burp tasted good!
Atmosphere: Standard Asian restaurant (loud, lots of talking, chattering, and high noise level, crowded too)Experience: I came here on a Saturday night with a party of 8-10. We got a table immediately but there were a lot of smaller parties that had 30 minute waits for a 3-4 person table. Flavor: I honestly wasn't that impressed by the food. We ordered a host of dishes but a lot of the members of my party are conservative eaters so no spicy foods that I usually like to make an impression on me. We had an appetizer much like naan bread which is the only food that stood out to meValue: It is cheap. Remarkably cheap. The food was a bit plain though to be honest. If you looking for decent bang for your buck, try Nyonya out.
After 10 days of pure, sublime eating binge in Singapore, I came back to New York wondering why I didn't eat more Malaysian food.  My mouth would just start salivating at the thought of Roti Prata, laksa, chicken rice and Bah Kut Teh.  Sure, I can make my own laksa and my own Bah Kut Teh but mastering the art of spreading that roti dough and having the patience for alternating poaching the chicken from hot to cold water were beyond me.  And at these kind of prices, there's just no reason to.Everything was delicious and I wonder how far they'll deliver :)
I come here for lunch every week with my coworkers, I'll admit I haven't tried that many dishes, but the ones I did try, they were absolute fantastic!I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND "preserved vegetable with pork" (mei cai kou rou) and this most amazing noodle soup called "ban-guo-tiao" (it may not be on the menu, just ask! It has noodle, pork, shrimp, squid?, anchovy, green veggie..... yum, definitely a favorite by me and many others).And the price is so reasonable! I've never had to spend more than $10 here for a meal (that's off lunch menu though, dinner might be a bit more expensive).
This is my go-to place for good Malaysian food in Chinatown. Of all the places to eat in chinatown I know I should have a little more variety in my choices but I simply have to have this place whenever I'm there. I always order the haianese chicken over rice and my friend gets the pearl noodles. It's good and consistent, I know what I'm going to get and I like that.
Roti Canai is a must here!The other night I got a Flat Noodle with Beef, which is always awesome.  Sipped on Thai Iced Tea to down the deliciousness.Buddy got a seafood crispy noodle which he thoroughly devoured.Dessert was an ABC ice with ice cream and fried green tea ice cream.  Friend enjoyed the ABC.  My fried green tea looked great but tasted really heavy on the green tea.  Very strong if you like it that way.  Other things I usually get here is the Haianese ChickenWaitresses are usually on the ball but this particular night we waited 40 min to get seated and our orders took a while to get out, with a few minor mix ups with green tea ice cream vs fried ice cream with green tea.  I think this particular week was busier because of the chinese new year so I wouldn't expect those inconveniences to affect meals in the future.This place has been renovated and relocated a few months ago so it's across the street now.  ambiance is nicer now and the food is just as good as the old place.  =)  decent prices too.
Been here about 3-4 times both with small and large groups and it's really been a crowd pleaser...well for people that are slightly more adventurous in their eating.I'm not an expert on malay cuisine, but I've been to nyonya a couple times with malay friends and they say that this is pretty authentic.  They have great roti canai (pretty stanard) and hainese chicken.  What I've heard is most authentic is their laksa.  I wasn't really a fan of it, but my malay friends were surprised at how good it was.  Overall, the service is ok and prices are good.  Their dishes are a great size for sharing and if you come here with a larger group, they have no problems accommodating.  Yums on most, but I'll pass on that laksa....
This placed recently moved from it's former location across the street. However, the food is still great and the prices decent. The classic Malaysian fare are a must for those into the spicy taste of the Southeast Asia but without the heavy sauces of Indian fare.The must list include coconut or chicken rice, spare ribs, curry chicken, beef randang, and of course the Chindol dessert.
The staples to order at this very consistent and very cute joint:(1) ROTI CANAI! (2) hainese chicken w/ rice(3) fried pearl noodle(4) any fish dish(5) spicy thai chicken with rice(6) 8-treasure rice (if they have it)(7) prawn mee (8) coconut ricelocation is great and the bathrooms are not bad either..been going here since 1995.... its great!
Ok I was just here on Sunday night and we ordered few different dishes,  like the Roti  Canai, Wont Ton Soup, Beef Rendgan, some Pork Ribs, Chicken Fried Rice, and some Malaysian Thin Noodles with Shrimp.Everything was super delicious except the Pork Ribs, they were deep fryed, hard and contained a lot of fat.... so apart from the ribs everything else was prepared to perfection, especially my favorite Beef Rendgan... mmmm good stuff!BTW, I like their new place. It's just across the street from the old location, but it's cleaner and more stylish looking.
OMG yum, yum, yum, yum!!!!!This place is amaaaaaaaazing!!! Most things I've had here are delicious. The portions are small but the prices match. Most of their noodle dishes are fantastic, my favorites is their usual brown noodle (I think it's numero uno) and their version of pad thai. The curry appetizer is bomb and only $3! Wowza. Love this place and so glad it exists.
Food is great - service is okay - portion size has been severely downsized. Roti canai is now half the size for same great price. We noticed rest of dishes were also downsized. If you already ate and just in for the taste then stop by. You won't get your money's worth anymore here.
having a malaysian mother, and visited her motherland countless times, i'd say i'm a good judge of malaysian food.they moved directly across the street and the atmosphere is nice, but perhaps a little more...sterile? than the nice wooden, bamboo place across the street.i am frequently visiting this place and it is so delicious. relatively cheap!yesterday a friend and i had a beer, a drink, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and one rice and the bill was $43. not bad right?also being a vegetarian they are so willing to change dishes for me, and substitute tofu or egg for meat.if you go, you HAVE to try the satay tofu. it is to die for! i've been eating it since before i moved to nyc (nyonya is owned by the penang chain) and it is my absolute favorite.other things you must try, especially if you don't know malay food:1. roti chanai: crispy indian pankcake with amazing dipping sauce you wanna pour over everything else you order.2. satay tofu: tofu deep fried, stuffed with cucumber, baby sprouts, and a delicious peanut satay sauce.3. sarong burong: basically a bowl made of taro (yam) deep fried and filled with veggies, shrimp, and chicken (i get it without the meat)4. beef rendang: beef in a curry coconut spicy sauce (never had it but i always order it for my friends and they lick the plates clean!)5. bu bu cha cha: dessert made of shaved ice, coconut milk, sweet condensed milk, often topped with rice jellies and sometimes black bean.6. malaysian iced tea! delicious, strong tea, sweetened with a creamy condensed milk. omg to die for.yum! enjoy!p.s. CAUTION! cash only!!!!!!
A great cheap eats near Little Italy. Many dishes are priced around $7.
Tried a number of times both dine-in and take-away.  Was quite pleased upon originally discovering it and a number of the dishes are authentically executed.  The problem we ultimately had was cleanliness and quality of ingredients.  Couple episodes of different stomachs being upset and in general the sourcing of the food must be from third rate suppliers.  For those willing to go to Brooklyn, I'd heartily recommend Pasar Malam as an alternative.  I note that the owners of Pasar Malam also have a Manhattan location called Laut but I haven't tried it.
I can't stress enough how tasty everything is there. From their crabs served with some special sauce to their salt fish fried everything always tastes great! Yes, the service is not the most friendliest, but face it, you are in China town, in NYC for God's sake, what do you expect?...Actualy, I had never disliked their service and accuracy when the staff describes and recommends items from their menu.. Anyway, the food is fantastic, try it!
I've been to this place before, but the last time was a real disappoint. The roti canai was soggy and the satay beef was tough and cold. The main courses were mediocre .  The cook may have had an off night.
I'm very picky, so if I love your food, you have a loyal customer. My first experience here was horrible, but the food lured me back. As my friend says, "the customer service is 95% HORRIBLE, but the food is delicious"- I guess the owners forgot to train in the service area or just hire nice people.  I ordered a chicken noodle soup during my first visit  it smelled disgusting! When I asked to switch, the women were so rude  said that I still had to pay for it. They kept insinuating that I couldn't read when I tried to kindly put that I didn't know it also had shrimp in it (I did, but I didn't want to offend them by telling them that their soup smelled like hot shit). Long story short, I gave them dirty looks, no tip,  vowed to never come back...that's until I started craving the roti canai two days later.
I use yelp all the time but rarely write reviews. Just had to this time. One of the best meals I've had in a long time.
I'm pretty sure when I went here I had the Roti Canai, Beef Rendang and something else.  I remember something was in like a Taro bowl of some sort, and it was fresh tasting and delicious.This place totally lived up to my expectations and then some.  Because it's in the little italy/chinatown area i expected a total dump with really good food, but boy was I surprised.First, its HUGE.  I dont know where they pulled the space from but this place is really big and totally packed.  Even so, it doesnt take away from a nice ambiance.  The brick decor is nice enough, and I was definitely comfortable here.The service was ok.  Nothing to write home about but nothing bad either.  The food though...yum all the way.I have friends in Malaysia who have been to this place and say its as authentic as it gets.  Those friends live in NYC, and have actually told their friends back in Malaysia about how good it is.  And the prices arent bad at all!  Good for a date, great place to try something new, definitely a place to roll with a large group of friends.  Good Stuff.  Nyonya is a solid bet for sure!
Very delicious little spot right on the border of Little Italy and Chinatown.  The Roti was good, but the Beef Rendang was our favorite main dish. The only thing we werent able to find was a simple veggie dish. We asked for something with green beans and we got a huge portion of those prepared perfectly.  I could have eaten the entire dish myself but had to share! No idea what they did to the beans but they were amazing. Definitely a place I'd trek back downtown for.
I hadn't been to the new location. It's so much nicer! Cash only. Quick brisk Asian restaurant service. Amazing Roti Canai. Was going to get my usual Haianese chicken but tried the pearl noodles at the insistence of my friend, who looooves them and describes them as "little delicious maggot looking noodles". So, okay, not exactly selling them. But they were pretty darn good! Greasy and salty good. I still think the chicken is better, between you and me. Still, 4 stars since it is a solid Malaysian joint.
I prefer the Little Italy location over the Brooklyn one. The servers have more manners, the food always seems fresh and the restaurant is a lot cleaner. I always get the roti canai - YUMMY! Some of my other favorites/go-to's are pork belly with taro or yam (the pork is so tender), singapore noodles... actually all their noodle dishes are a hit. My boyfriend loves the Hainanese chicken and the curry chicken. Oh, also ask for the oil rice. SO addicitive!
I am a super fan of this place. I love their rotti of course and I always get nasi lemak. I think it's a great combo and we usually get some noodle soup to go with it. I did however forget they were cash-only once and had to run around trying to find an atm. But it's great Malaysian and if you can't get out to Brooklyn (which I think may be better), this is still a great place to eat!
My friends took me here for my birthday a year ago and it's been a default go-to ever since. Right near the craziness that is Little Italy, this gem brings some great flavors; for those who aren't familiar with Malaysian cuisine, think a mix of Chinese, Thai and Indian influences. I'll highlight a few of my favorite dishes:Sauteed rice cake - My hands down favorite. I'll admit that I was really confused as to what it was at first. The rice cake kind of looks like french fries and it's just amazing. Mix that with the sprouts and awesome spice and it's a great vegetarian dish.Roti - A great starter. Light, great curry included for dipping.Spare Ribs - just great flavor and it comes off the bone.Sarang Burong - A nice little mix of veggies and chicken inside a tasty fried taro bowlOverall a very good place for groups. I haven't waited too long to get a table either. Only drawback - a weird setup for the mens bathroom. 2 urinals are set up perpindicular rather than parallel too each other. No, you don't face someone else while peeing, but you get boxed in because a stall is on the other side. Men, take note.
I will say the food is pretty good, I had the first on the menu of noodles. However, it is very pricey, $7-8 for a medium size dish.
This place has changed over time for the worst. The quality of food has declined, but the prices have gine up.  Plus the portions this place gives you is too small.  Also, their wait staff seems to want you to order fast, eat fast, and get out. Last, the Manager (short Chinese guy with glasses at the cashier station) is always rude  likes to snatch your money away without a simple "thank you".  Of I could give 0 stars I would!
It might not be the food here that makes me give it four stars, but the fact that it makes me feel so comfortable and at home. I've been to this restaurant many times these past few years (though I'm not that old, haha). The food here is very tasty and I've always loved the Seafood Tomyam Rice Noodles and though the amount of seafood has become less and less over the years, it's still plentiful and still good. They won't give you crappy seafood like other places. The other dishes (Asam Laksa, Java Mee, Prawn Mee, Nasi Lemak, Pineapple Fried Rice, and especially the Hainanese Chicken with Rice) are amazing! There's more dishes, but these are the ones I've had the most. The ABC Ice isn't great. That I will recommend you not get.But overall, this place rocks and I love it!
This is the best Malaysian I've had (aside from eating in Malaysia itself).  The atmosphere isn't anything exotic, it's your average low-key "asian" restaurant stuffed onto the streets of Chinatown / Little Italy.  The wait could be long, so the other option is to go to Jaya which is also good and has a cool atmosphere, except they don't serve my favorite dish which I will mention below.I like to do "Family style" at any Asian restaurant I go to, because there are so many different flavors to each dish, it's good to share.  Like everyone else, you have to order the Roti Canai which is a thin, papery, crispy pancake that you dip into a curry chicken sauce.  You should also order the Roti Telur which is a thicker pancake stuffed with egg and onions that you can dip into the curry chicken sauce as well.  I also like the steamed spring roll with the jicama and shrimp, it's very similar to a Vietnamese fresh summer roll.Best dish that no one seems to write about: SARANG BURONG - it is a mix of shrimp, chicken, snow peas and other veggies sauteed and put inside of a fried Taro basket.  This dish is OUT OF THIS WORLD.  The fried Taro basket can take the place of coconut rice because of it's subtle sweet flavoring to offset the saltiness in the dish itself.  I mean, I dream about this dish, it is THAT GOOD.  I haven't been able to find another Malaysian place that makes this - except 1 place in Malaysia.  I don't know if it is authentic persay, but I all I know is that it is DAMN GOOD.The tumeric rice dish as a side is good too, it is coconut rice with shrimp, eggs, and chinese sausage.  The Hainese chicken dish is also very very good.  You will spend about $20 each on a good, filling, authentic dinner.
I have let this review sit around, half finished for weeks, mainly out of lack of inspiration. Overall our visit wasn't bad, but considering the excitement of my friend that picked the place I was really expecting more.As appetizers we sampled the roti, beef skewers and chicken skewers. The roti wasn't bad - I don't really care much for the greasy bread but the accompanying chicken curry sauce was nice. As for the skewers, they were on the paltry side, a little dry, and not much to look at.Our main course consisted of the giant shrimp (which was overdone, difficult to eat with just chopsticks without making a mess, and salty), Chinese broccoli with garlic sauce (an easy classic), mango chicken (tangy, tender chicken mixed with varying consistency of semi-ripe Julienned mango) and a clay pot vegetable dish (the name eludes me but it was the best entree of the night, with complex, savory flavors).Just for shits and giggles we all split two orders of the fried ice cream, one coconut and the other green tea. I'm not usually a fan of green tea ice cream, but this had a corn flake crust that piqued my interest.In summary I really don't have much to say for or against Nyonya. It's affordable, but average.
I love the Malaysian spare ribs and the mango shrimp. The roti and the baby oyster omlette is also sensational. What I like most most about this place is that there is such a wide array of selections and perfect for sampling! Great to bring a bunch of friends.
this place is simply awesome.  ive been here on a number of occasions and always left happy.  this place has unbelievable food that just tastes real good.  this is the only place ive ever had malaysian food and yeah, like i said...pretty darn good.  not gonna' lie, the menu can be a bit intimidating but thanks to my man Paul L. he wrote an extensive review that imma' just piggy back off of him...please check it out here:yelp.com/biz/nyonya-new-…one thing ill say in regards to his review that ill disagree is the hainanese chicken.  wet chicken i do agree isnt the greatest, but i think this place is pretty good.  with that i will let you get it at your discretion.but yeah, other than that, you gotta' check this place out especially if youre wanting to try new things.  give Paul L.'s review a look, as entertaining as it is, it is very informative too.  any review below 4 stars is ridiculous.  nuff said.
I love bringing new friends here. The roti is a must to start. Get the chicken broth rice. Service is fine. Ladies bathroom is a bit awkward. I recommend not going if you're shy.
The food was ok. We has the standard rotti cana, makay iced tea singha beer, beef rendang, pulut hitam fir dessertl. It was my first impression of Malaysian cuisine. Good quality ingredients but the good itself was no too impressive.
The food is decent enough - you likely won't get consistently good Malaysian food elsewhere like you would here - but the real reason I go is for the perverse pleasure of soaking up all the newest Yi-gi-oh! hairstyles on the waiters.  What. is. up. with. that!
My wife and I enjoyed a fine meal here. The food does come out in whatever order it is prepared, so my appetizer arrived 5 minutes before my wife's. Other than that, the food was good, price was affordable, service was fine, and we plan to return.
Nyonya really turned on my interest in Malaysian cuisine. So many great flavors work so well together. Located on Grand St between Mott and Mulberry, Nyonya exists among the other neighborhood gems like Banh Mi Saigon, Ferrara, and Di Palo, all within half a block distance. I must have passed by here thousands of times. This time, I gather some people and went through the glass doors. The more I experience Malaysian food, the more I want to know. I need to eat more. The cuisine reflects the multi-ethnic makeup of its population including Malay, Chinese, Indian, Thai, Javanese, and Sumatran cultures. I need to go here! But in the mean while, all I can do is eat the food, and learn to cook their food. We started out with Roti Canal, a thin, semi-crispy, Indian pancake served with spicy curry flavored with chicken; not hard to figure out by the presence of a bone in the sauce, which resembled a part of the back bone. Just fine enough to nibble on the meat around it. A notable dish is rather silly sounding, Crab in Special Aromatic Flavor. We had no idea what's in it, and just kept on guessing what made up the flavor (pictured). Cumin, tumeric, chilies, black pepper, fermented soy beans, garlic... Here is a link of a crab recipe I found on-line. rasamalaysia.com/recipe-… On the contrast, Hainanese Chicken is a Chinese dish, boiled chicken served with condiments such as chili sauce and sweetened soy sauce, and rice that was cooked with the stock from making of this dish. The profile of the dish is mild, but with a rich chicken flavor. Almost every table at the restaurant had this dish, along with Asam Laksa, which we didn't get, but at least I know what else to get on my next visit. Another dish we had was Lemongrass squid wrapped in silver foil. I assume everything, the squid, onion, peppers, the very intense and slightly sweet lemongrass sauce, and everything else in a foil, wrap it tightly, then cook in an oven. Like Papillote, the steam generated within the foil gave an intense, lemongrass experience. Service here is very attentive as well. They do a very good job at moving you along, without being rude or make you feel you need to leave. That's how you turn tables! Oh, cash only!
I can't believe I haven't yet written a review of this awesome Malaysian restaurant.  I've been several times and each time the food has been unique, amazing and delicious.One of the dishes I always get is the roti canai.  I'm not a big fan of chicken, but the curry sauce and the flat bread they give you to dip into the curry are out of this world.  Sooooo good and I'd probably eat it every day if I could.For main dishes, I've had various noodle and stir-fry dishes and they have all been excellent.  They do shrimp dishes really well and make them nice and spicy -- and they are never overly oily or greasy.  Last time I visited, I had the good fortune of getting a "mistake" dish -- we had ordered the shrimp with green beans, and somehow ended up getting shrimp with okra.  They asked us if we wanted them to take it back and make it over, and we were like, "No!!!"  I hadn't seen shrimp with okra on the menu, but I love okra, so I was glad to tuck into this dish and had no complaints.  It was spicy and flavorful and the okra was stir-fried perfectly  still had a nice crunch to it.The mee goreng noodles are another favorite of mine here.  They are thick egg noodles in a dark brown, spicy sauce and I could pretty much inhale them in one sitting (but I always come here with others and so end up having to share)!  But pretty much any noodle dish you get here is gonna be awesome.The consistently spicy, delicious, exotic-tasting food this place turns out has made me a returning customer.  But more often than not, I try to visit at times that aren't prime dinner hour.  Showing up at this place at 8 on a Friday will guarantee you about a 40 minute wait.  The food is worth it, but if you are able, go when the usual weekend and dinner crowds are not there -- like after 9 on a weeknight.  The waitstaff will still be super nice and quick with the food and it will still be yummy.
Very busy, semi- long wait, tourist-friendly. My favorite Malaysian place in Chinatown. Both asian and non-asian friends like it...had a good family-style dinner here...Recommendations:Roti, Shrimp and Okra, Fried Pearl Noodles, Clay Pot Noodles (during the winter), Hainese Chicken
When you first walk into Nyonya, the first thing you notice is how inviting it looks: it has the ambience of a pretty, quaint Malaysian village and you would expect the quality of food to be of the same level as its decor. Years ago this held true; out of all the Malaysian places I have eaten at I liked Nyonya the best because its food was tasty, the service was excellent, and the decor was gorgeous.Not anymore, however.The Roti Canai here is less oily, fried, and tastier than any of the other Malaysian restaurants in Chinatown. Sadly, this appetizer was the best dish they had.Fried Pearl Noodles was a rather tasteless dish comprised of worm-like noodles and a mixture of random ingredients including shrimp, squid, eggs, scallions, chicken, and pork. It was filling for sure, but despite the enticing name, there was nothing unique about this dish at all - it tasted like any other Asian stir fried noodle dish I could find elsewhere. All I could feel besides the gooey nature of the noodles were the grains of salt steadily embedding themselves along my tongue. Even after gulping down dozens of cups of tea, I left with my throat as parched as the side of a decaying tree. Be prepared and carry a bottle of water with you if you dare to chow down on the fried noodle dishes.Chow Keow Teoh is essentially the same dish with flattened noodles instead. It's a little spicier, but again nothing special.The Coconut Rice they had was okay. It was mildly sweet but that was about it. I still have yet to find a bowl of coconut rice better than New Malaysia Restaurant's from several years ago.Overall, the food here is okay. It's affordable, filling, decently tasty for the average restaurant-goer. The service could certainly use improvement (the waitress forgot about my coconut rice). If you can stand the wait, Nyonya is a good place to go for a decent lunch or dinner; however, I can't say that I wasn't disappointed with the quality of food at what used to be a great restaurant.
Delicious food and great value for what you are getting, a busy bustling place right in the middle of little Italy
This place is amazing. I was born in Malaysia, and then continued to chow my way through the Bay Area which has amazing Malaysian food so I was searching through Manhattan for something comparable. The Hainan Chicken rice is excellent - it's my ultimate comfort food and reminds me of eating outside on a stool with cats everywhere in Penang. Amazing. I've also had their noodle soups and the Roti Canai - delish! I woudl also recommend the Char Keoy Teow. I've tried other places in chinatown but they are all gross or have cockroaches running around (Hand to god, I saw it at Penang). I expect a certain level of filthiness with Chinatown but I can't deal with seeing the bugs on my table. Sorry! I have my limits. This place is clean and always packed. Plus cheap!
I just got back from Australia where I was feasting on Laksa. I had a huge craving and got the Asam Laksa here. What a terrible disappointment. It isn't even close. The other foods are good, but the Laksa is an epic fail.
Just ate here for the first time with a friend of mine.  We came in around 9 pm on a Saturday after waiting for less than five minutes.  I'm not Malaysian so I can't say anything about authenticity, but I was very happy with our dinner.  The restaurant itself is a little small, but neat.  It's very casual and the decor almost refined me a little of a chic cafe or something.  The waiters and waitresses were very polite.  One of the waiters, an older gentleman with a very long pinky nail, was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  Since my friend and I weren't very familiar with the dishes, he gave us lots of recommendations.  He even showed us another menu that had pictures of the food and describes and pointed to the dishes that were popular in their restaurant (albeit with his very long pinky nail).  Very friendly though and made us feel welcome.My friend and I wound up ordering the pad thai, the nyonya kari ayam, and the sarang burong.  The pad thai was good, but I have had better.  However, the good thing about this pad thai was that it tasted fresh.  There were also a lot of ingredients mixed in, unlike other places where the pad thai would be made up of mostly noodles.  The nyonya kari ayam was tasty.  It consisted of chicken legs, cut up into pieces, and stewed until it was almost falling off the bone.  Succulent, savory, and lip smacking.  Not a lot of sauce and no vegetables to take up room on the plate, but very satisfying.  When I initially read the description, I thought it would be similar to thai style curry, but it wasn't.  It was still delicious though.  I would just say that if you are sensitive to eating things off bones, you may want to stay away from this dish.  Also, the entrees do not come with rice (like many restaurants), so make sure to order rice.  Don't worry though because their coconut rice was very fluffy and fresh with a slight taste and aroma of coconut.  Fyi, the nyonya kari ayam is listed on the menu as being a spicy dish, but it's really not.  I guess it could be considered spicy to a person not familiar with spices in general. The sarang burong was the best part of the meal to me.  It consisted of chicken, shrimp, and vegetables stirfried together and placed in fried taro bowl.  The taro bowl was crunchy on the outside and fluffy in the inside (VERY TASTY).  The stirfry was also delicious.  The vegetables were perfectly cooked, the shrimp and chicken were also perfectly fine as well.  I would highly recommend this dish to everyone. Overall, I was pleasantly surprised eating here.  I will definitely come again.
Went here for lunch with my family.  It was my first time eating Malaysian cuisine.  We ordered the Roti Canai which is more like a light airy naan with a curry dipping sauce.  It was sooooo flavorful and addicting!  Most of us ordered the Hainanese Chicken which was just ok.  It came out cold and we weren't really use to that so it wasn't our favorite dish.  I think it was warm it would have been great!  We also ordered the beef rendang which i absolutely loved.  I think I would come back and get the beef rendang again.. also to try other dishes on the menu.  I'll keep it in mind the next time I'm in nyc!
Love the Hokkien (prawn) noodle soup here. It's one of the best and comparable to those you can get in Penang island. Speaking from a penangite.
I recently returned from an amazing, food-filled trip to Malaysia and was feeling depressed about the vacation being over when I decided to give Nyonya a try. The beef rendang sure did ease the blow of being back Stateside! Everything else (the roti cannai, the spicy squid, the coconut drinks) was good too, but the beef rendang is the thing I will definitely order every time.
Disclaimer: I was raised in Malaysia  as a child and enjoy the fusion of South Asian and Chinese cuisine.  That said, it is amusing that I've only tried one other Malaysian restaurant in the city -- Malaysia Grill on the UWS. Came to Nyonya on a packed Saturday night. There were a few parties waiting outside the door.  We had reservations for 8 but our party wasn't complete until 9. Fortuntately, we were seated pretty quickly. I ordered the Roti Kanai -- yummy as always -- Chow Kueh Teow noodles (great price -- $6.95; well seasoned but expected it to be spicier) and tried a friend's Achat (okay). The prices were standard affordable prices for Chinatown area. Plus, the ladies room was very clean! (We couldn't stop talking about that) Overall, it was a good experience. Servers were attentive and patient as one person or another added another item to order throughout the evening. We left at midnight, and they were patient with us because we had paid an hour earlier. I'll be coming back to try more dishes. Cash only.
Okay if you're looking for good Malaysian restaurant at a great price and delicious food then this is a GREAT place. I come here at least once a month with my boyfriend and everytime we go, it's always good. The service is not the best but the food makes up for it.The food I recommend is:1. Roti Canai - Flaky and chewy pancake with chicken and potato in curry sauce  2. Beef/chicken Curry over Rice3. Pineapple Fried RiceThose are my favorite and top 3, I always order those, and it's absolutely delicious and will get you full if not, satisfied. So far this is the best Malaysian restaurant I've been to, for now.I hope for all you first timer there enjoy their food!
My #1 place to go for Malaysian in china town due to decent food, easy to find parking around the area(only on weekend), nice ambience and most importantly fast service. Too bad, it's not that close from where I lived. I always order sizzling platter (my fave dish in Malay resto). Not too crazy over char kway teow in here. The satay was pretty good. Kangkung belacan is excellent. Claypot and fried chicken were great. This place is bigger than most Malaysian restaurant. There is fish tank which occupied my son when he was bored.
After a good night out, this establishment was the one of the only place open nearby. It's hit or miss at this place. One thing was good--pork bone medicinal soup--the rest (fried rice, greens, stir fry dishes) were forgettable. Perhaps we should have stuck to the more common dishes. $70 meal and they don't let us pay by credit card! The owner's wife served us, so obviously that part was great.
This place pissed me off. All I wanted was a good dinner. I ordered the Malaysia Sweet  Sour pork. What I got was about 80% vegetables and 20% pork. But wait, it gets worse. Since it was battered and stir fried, I got even LESS meat. I felt like I was eating batter the whole time. I would have rather eaten at Panda Express. So disappointed. .
I've known about Nyonya for years now I think, but haven't gotten around to trying it until this past weekend. Food is tasty and a welcome change from the usual Chinese and Thai places you have around the area. My bf seemed to pretty much swear by this one chicken dish with some brown sauce and chicken rice--I gotta admit, it was pretty damn tasty.
Amazing food, especially the calamaris!  Workers here are always professional in addressing your needs.  Definitely try it!
My cousins took me here on a recent trip to NYC, I love Malaysian curry so of course this was a must try. When walking in, I first noticed the cute decor. I felt like I had been transported to an island with the bamboo feel and the wooden floors. I didn't do any of the deciding when ordering but once everything came, it was really good. the Roti Canai which came first was great! The roti was well made and the curry was spicy! It was a little bit on the oily side but what good curry isn't?We also had a noodle plate, I'm not sure what it was called but it was thick rice noodles stir fry. Everything tasted wonderful and was worth every penny.Only one downside: it was definitely NOT better than the local Malaysian place right here in my hometown, which is not a downside for me but for all those missing out.
Best Malaysian food hands down!  Been there for years and tried others and nothing beats it.  If your visiting NYC and looking for some hot, spicy, sour, and sweet flavors all on one table, this place has it!  Short review because the food speaks for itself.
You people are buggin'This place is crap.Fancied-up chinese food.. Nothing is prepared correctly and everything is "straight from the freezer" in quality.If this is Malay food, than take-out chinese is offically passable in your book.The only thing that saves it from a single star rating are the prices (though to get anything that wasn't previously frozen you need to dish out more), large tables to accomodate groups, and a better-than-average atmosphere.A bunch of opportunist chinese (like malaysia doesn't have enough of them already) trying to cash in on the "exotic" appeal.. but just serving up  nyonya style rubbish that would barely pass even at the slowest stall in a night market..I definitely do NOT recommend this place.
This place has some of the best Malaysian you can get in New York! Honestly the huge diversity of dishes and their sizes they have means that you can come and get just three of four dishes to share and have enough to feed a huge group of people. This is one of favorite restaurants to go to with groups, since the portion sizes simply demand that you will have to share! If you can only have ONE thing on the menu, its the Roti Canai, a fried dough with curry chicken sauce to accompany it, a great thing to have for an appetizer before you get into the more elaborate dishes.
Very good and authentic Malaysian. Did not suffer from its move across the street. Same staff ( our waitress, Kim, has been working there 16 years!) Our favorites include roti chenai, roti tellur, loback, chow quai teow (I am sure I mangled the spelling), Hainanese chicken, any crab dish, chicken (ayam)   curry, and Nasi lemak. Attracts a youngish crowd, all who look like they know what to order. A reliable stand- by, but bring cash, as they don't take credit cards.
I found the South East Asian specialties here less appetizing then a place like Chinatown's New Malaysia. Some of them even tasted like they were prepared from the 3-in-1 instant dish mix packets you find in an Asian grocery. However they do posses gems like the Stingray in banana leaf. It is a bony large fish covered in a pungent spicy paste. My wife is European and is pretty uninitiated with South East Asian aromatics like shrimp paste, bird's eye chili and lemongrass. I was afraid she would be repulsed by the Stingray but despite the spice level she trooped on and raved over its deliciousness. So yeah, the dishes are mostly satisfactory but the Stingray is excellent.
Very good Malaysian food. Satisfies spicy food cravings!Too bad its cash only!Return ? Yes Frequency ? Often
The bathroom stalls are see through! I couldn't get over it. I am not talking see through like a window, but it was see through like a shower door! Who does that!? You gotta check it out!Besides that strangeness this is a great place for large groups and takes reservations. The food was good and super cheap. The portions were big enough for two people share so it is a real deal.
Fucking transcendant! Why didn't anyone tell me Malaysian food was so awesome? The roti canai was fantastic, and I also liked the hainanese chicken. The latter surprised me at first as it was served room temperature and seemed to be broiled, but it was very good.
Sooooo goood!!!  OMG, mouth watering thinking about it!-Roti Canal - must have app (Indian pancake with curry dipping sauce)-you will want to lick the bowl!!-beef rendalang (slow cooked beef with coconut milk and curry sauce)...beef falls apart in your mouth, sauce is thick and rich - very filling and very yummy-seafood tom yom soup - enough to feed a family of 4!!  Chunks of squid, scallop, shrimp, mushrooms, all kinds of veggies and a very spicy tomatoey based soup.  Super delish just make sure you order on an empty tummy!!  Very cheap and fun - low key vibe with cool peeps!!
I like Malaysian food in general, but I cant seem to enjoy dining at Nyonya. The ambience isn't too great, the waitresses aren't very friendly (rush, rush, rush.. what's with the rush, people? Plenty of seats, no?). Anyway, the food is just OK I think. I've tried a variety of dishes from Nyonya, ranging from seafood to noodles. The taste of the dishes that I tried is kind of bland.  I personally like Jaya more, but apparently most of my friends prefer Nyonya so that's the only reason I go here.
Came here with the family. Food was excellent, service is the fastest i have experienced at a restaurant, my sister made the remark that they must have prepared the dishes before hand as it was less than10 mins for our orders to come out. It was a lot of food for the 4 of us, came out to a little over 90 including tip. Two memorable dishes stood out Satay Tofu was delicious, bean sprout stuffed in fried tofu, with a peanut sauce and Sarang Burong. Also had seafood fried rice and sea food noodles.  For desert my sister ordered fried green tea ice cream came with fried bananas, put the ice cream and fried banana together and suffice to say it was good. Then again what fried doesnt tastes good?The only dishes that was not great was the Sarang Burong (too dry) and the curry mixed vegetable in clay pot (too greasy).I would also mention that you are better off sitting in the front of the restaurant, by the end of the meal we all came out with grease smell clinging to our clothes and hair.
Stopped in here randomly for lunch and we were totally wowed by this place. Had some curry and noodle soup and everything was delicious, quick and inexpensive. Wish this was in my neighborhood!
The intrepid eater and I had a lovely lunch at Nyonya today.    We ordered ginger duck which had a lot of ginger and a lot of duck in a very tasty brown sauce with scallions.  We practically licked the platter clean.  The Shanghai noodles were ok.  they were fresh, but a little chewy and did not have a lot of garnishes.  The appetizer pancakes are a better bet for carbs.  ( next time.)  For dessert we  shared yams in coconut milk.  It was gently sweet, and just enough.  I think I like the sticky rice  with coconut here better.  The tea was very good and they happily provided a second pot.  The service is friendly and professional.  The place is large, bustling, filled with happy diners.  Surprisingly the noise level is not bad.  A very good place to go when visiting the New Museum of Contemporary art.
been wanting to go here for a while. i lived in Singapore for awhile, and had my fair share of Malaysian food - these guys know what they're doing. the Roti appetizer was great as were the shrimp noodles and malaysian chicken curry disheswouldn't take reservation of groups larger than 7, so be sure to wait if you've got a large group. but our group of 4 only had to wait ~20 mins at 7pm on a saturday
Yum!  Always great!  I think Nyonya is the best Malaysian in the city hands down.  They have amazing Roti Prata and the Bah Ku Teh is phenomenol (though if you are a queazy eater, you may not like the innards they use in the soup!).  I like the Hainanese Chicken Rice but honestly I've had better in H.ChickenRice in NYC and Flushing.  Aside from that - Nyonya's noodle dishes are crazy delicious.  I love the fact that they aren't afraid to use true, strong asian flavors minus any americanization.  Great beers too - Singha and Tiger - lovely!I've been here with up to 10 people - this place can accomodate any group or party size comfortably.  I just try to get here early because it can be packed and the line can get longgggggggggg... minus a star because they charge $1 for white rice... ew.  asians charging for white rice?  what?  wrong!
Today my girlfriend and I decided to eat Malaysian food. We were very pleased with the service and the dimmed lighting of the place. Definitely recommend others to come here for dinner. We ordered Curried Chicken over rice and Hanian Chicken over rice (delicious). This deserves a 4 star review because the portions of the meals were very small and some of the chicken were dry.
So good! We got to Nyonya around 9:15pm on a Friday night, expecting a really long wait based on the reviews. Luckily, we only sat for about 10-12 minutes before getting seated by a cheerful waitress. We were immediately served a pot of seriously delicious tea: sort of smoky-flavored, but just what we wanted! It was nice that it came with the meal. We ordered the Indian Mee Goreng, Beef Lemak, and the Chow Keuh Teow. All three dishes were very nicely flavored and a bit spicy, which I'd been craving. The Mee Goreng is a wonderful fusion of Indian and Chinese flavors, and the addition of shrimp and chunks of pancake-like dough was amazing. The Beef Lemak tasted strongly of ginger, and the beef itself was tender. We weren't so crazy about the Chow Keuh Teow noodles, but they were alright as leftovers the next day. The flavors were simply peppery spice -- no acid/sweetness to pep it up (but maybe that's why it's a day to day food).Great prices, for what you get. GO!
Prawn noodle soup is pretty authentic.... Chinese rice in not bad.....Paper prata brings and the curry brought back good childhood memories!
This location, while much larger and a little slick looking, is much more enjoyable than the Sunset Park location. The food is excellent and affordable at both, however, this location has great, friendly service. In Sunset Park, it's like they are annoyed that you even walked through the door. But anyway...the go-to dishes for me are the Hiannese (sp?) chicken, the roti canai, and a stuffed, fried taro dish, whose name I cannot recall. Really delicious and a good bargain. Cash only.
We visited Nyonya on the weekend after reading that they are on the Michelin restaurant list . We found the food very authentic Malaysian style (had satay, chicken rice and Hainanese Chicken rice). The service was good despite the restaurant being very busy. It was good value for money - I would recommend this to others.
I come here millions of times and am never sick.  The last time I went with two other friends and between us, we ordered:1. Roti Canai (Indian pancake)2. Hainanese chicken with rice3. Hokkien Char Mee4. Seafood Scramble Egg Chow FunThe Roti Canai is always my favorite appetizer and I have never tried anything else after eating this.  It's a really thin pancake-light bread with a semi-crispiness, served with a side of curry with a small piece of chicken.  A malayasian friend of mine once told me that the Roti Canai served at Nyonya came from a frozen package and was not freshly-made, but after eating it, I deemed that it's good even if it came from a frozen package.  Beware that the Roti Canai appetizer will semi-satisfy two girls ONLY.  I seriously like to eat my own, but I know that portion size-wise I would be soooo stuffed at the end of the meal that I tend to share the Roti Canai.Hainanese Chicken with Rice:  Comes with the chicken broth rice.  I love that rice.  It's a yellow rice that is made out of the oil of chicken.  It's a bit fattening, but this recipe definitely adds a lot of fragrance and flavor in the rice.  Sometimes I can eat the rice and nothing else.  For the chicken, you can ask for dark or white meat.  The Hainanese Chicken is steamed and served with a special soy sauce.  The soy sauce is really good and I like to mix it into my chicken rice for extra flavor.Seafood Scramble Egg Chow Fun:  This dish was HUGE, about twice the size of our other two dishes. In the end, we only ate half and it was I who ate most of the half.  The dish was a bit bland for my taste.  The dish was basically a thin gravy sauce made with eggs and tossed with seafood items and white flat noodles.  The gravy did taste like it was made out of egg whites and nothing else.  A little salt helped a bit but it was a bit no-no for me since I never put my own seasoning in dishes.  I always expect the dishes to come out all ready to eat.  Hokkien Char Mee:  This was my FAVORITE dish out of the whole meal and it was worst that it was my friend's.  She actually gave me a small sample and it didn't help that it tasted way better than my seafood dish.  The dish was basically noodles loaded with tons of soy sauce and various meat.  The heavy soy sauce was excellent, really flavorful.  The funny thing was that it wasn't overly salty, but just the right touch that you eat it and say "Hmmm, that was good."Dessert:  Next time maybe, I'm not a big fan of Malaysian dessert since the famous ones are always some kind of flavored shaved ice dessert dish, but at the same time, after this meal, I couldn't fit anything else into my stomach.
ohhhhh how i miss the food at this place. Whenever i'm in town, I have got to go get some Malaysian food at Nyonya. It is a typical crowded, hole in the wall type of South Pacific, aka Asian, restaurant. It boasts a long list of dishes. It's cheap and has great food. Yummm
The Malaysian food here is pretty authentic and I'm glad they moved to a larger location.  it's always busy in here (unless you go on a weekday for lunch).  I love getting the Indian Mee Goreng.  The curries are also very tasty here.  You can go with a large group and there's something for everyone.
Hm...actually I really love their Indian pancake. souse was yummy and pancake was really crispy. I ordered Singapore rice noodles and pineapple fried rice. Both of them were a bit greasy to me. If they were less oily, the taste would be much better...I think.Place was very cozy and was a bit bigger than I thought. I like it. Service was not so bad. -- friendly and quick response. Price is very reasonable.In conclusion, I don't have much complains for this restaurant. I just thought if their food was less oily, my rating would be 4-5 stars.
For some reason my review for Nyonya ended up in Penang! I have not even been there!The Roti Canai of Nyonya is as good as the rave reviews giiven here. In fact we had to get a second order.The Dungeness crab in special house sauce tasted great although I wish the crab was bigger. The fish head casserole was VERY GOOD! The sauce was too thick to be considered a soup but we practically drank it anyway!Our waiter was very nice but the woman who met us at the door was COLD and rude! I wonder why she is the one greeting customers at the door?!?!
I used to be a big fan of this place.  Thier Roti Canai (pancakes in curry chicken dipping sauce) is the best all around, however their portions have gotten skimpier over the years.
This is one of the places I visit for some comfort food--I've been here many times and absolutely love it! But even though I'm somewhat of a regular, I still have yet to successfully learn the names of the dishes! I typically order a combination of roti canai or beef/chicken skewers with the house special noodles (fried noodles with prawns, eggs, and vegetables), curry chicken with rice, mango chicken with rice, or noodles in broth with prawns and vegetables. The food is delicious.I did, however, give it four stars because the wait staff can range from just plain rude to indifferent. While I can understand them being busy and/or some of them not being fluent in English, a personable and respectful attitude toward one's customers can definitely go a long way for a business! On the other hand, it hasn't greatly affected my mealtime--they do come for the order, after all--so I give them my order and that's that until it's time for the check. The food is the reason I continue to go, though. I have to warn potential customers though that the tables are annoyingly squeezed close together, but with all the chatter going around you, no one will be able to eavesdrop on your conversation. My favorite spot is against the booth across the large fish tank--I stare at the fish whenever my date turns out to be a bore. Mwa ha ha!
It's my go-to place for malaysian food in the area. The food here is standard, but there's a good variety and it's consistent. I love the roti canai and the hainanese chicken with rice, and their spicy shrimp noodle soup is good too. It's possible to have a sit-down dinner for under $15 per person including tax and tip, so prices are very reasonable too!
For the price, and because I always went for pick-up, I loved this place.  The amount of food you get for the price is almost unbeatable for the quality.  My mom is Malaysian, so I know what good Malaysian food is supposed to taste like.  While I still haven't found anything close to authentic, this is one of the better impersonations.  But if you can't book yourself a flight to Malaysia anytime soon, this will definitely more than do.  The Roti Canai is always devoured instantly. And then the Nasi Lemak.
when in doubt (in china town) just drop in to this place and you wont be dissappointed
A little depressed. Because now that Nyonya upgraded, putting the "new" in "Nyonya" (harhar, drumroll), it has downgraded in food quality.I used to come to Nyonya 24/7 with my ex who was kind of Malaysian. The food was amazing. Favorites for newbies included options such as Mee Siam, Char Mee Hun (noodle dishes); beef randang (a beef curry dish); the roti canai (a great Indian inspired curry dip with a flat bread), and various of their chicken in a pot dishes. Also, I don't recall seeing it on the menu but they had these shaves ices to die for-they're quite odd-a neon ish pink color and outfitted on top with four various toppings 1) corn 2) beans 34) jellies. But worth a try.Anyway, I went back here after a year of missing it. And it dissapointed me somewhat. The place is much more shishi (whereas it used to be Chinese-diner esque), but the Mee Siam was much drier and tasted more fishy than it used to. My roti canai also had only pieces of fat floating around in it, rather than actual edible chicken pieces.While not quite as great as it used to be, still probably worth a visit, especially since we have such a dearth of great Malay food in the city.
I order take out from nyonya frequently and every time I do I order the hainanese chicken on rice.  The chicken is good but I've been getting less and less of that. For 8 bucks (give or take) I expect it to make me full. But no. I only get mostly bones and barely any meat and with a lot of rice.  Today I only got 5 pieces of chicken (3 of which are the bone pieces). I am becoming more and more unsatisfied with this place and I feel that they are becoming more and more skimpy with the food portions.  Honestly, chances are,  I'll never order take out from here again.
I came here on the recommendation of a friend who is Malaysian and following his advice, ordered the roti canai, char kueh teow and for dessert, the pulit hitam.  I loved every bite, and I thought the price was good for NYC: $22 including a $7 glass of wine. The pulit hitam was not what I expected -- thought I was ordering something along the lines of black sticky rice. What I got was a cold soup that looked yukky but tasted delicious. I found the service a little slow initially, which was odd because the place was not at all crowded, but otherwise attentive.
40 minutes for a take out order on a slow night and no apology. So rude.
This place would have gotten 5 stars on the food alone but service was bad because staff were rude and we felt like we were being rushed. Even though we (my bff and I) did come late, a business should never make their client feel unwelcomed and rushed. Besides the rushed service, the food (Roti Canai, Mango Shrimp) and the Lychee Drink were excellent. I especially loved the Lychee Drink. Next time I'll just dine at an earlier time.
Nice place. It always seems a little busy. So you might have to wait a bit longer for someone take your order.But the food is great.Roti Kanai is a must!
I would like to announce that this completes my journey of all the Nyonya's in NYC. I have officially visited and reviewed all of them.I came here this afternoon with my friend for lunch. We were both starved.  Ordered the Roti Telur, Seafood Scramble Egg Chow Fun, and Prawn Mee.The Roti Telur was delicious. The soup for the Prawn Mee was divine. However the shrimp and the pork was overcooked and a bit dry.  The Seafood Scramble Egg Chow Fun looked good and as far as I can tell tasted good. The scallops in it tasted a bit rubbery and not very fresh though.The waiters and waitresses were very nice and very polite. We brought some cupcakes from Magnolia and the waiter was nice enough to clear our table and get us new plates and spoons for them after our meal without being asked.  We also noticed that the waiter spoke several different languages perfectly.To sum up my visit to the final Nyonya on my list in NYC, the food was good but not great. The service was great.
Last night went out with my girlfriend for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed my meal. I ordered a Hainanese chicken dish (I'm obsessed and always seeking the best of this dish) and it was damn good! I was surprised! The rice isn't as good as the one in "Malaysian Restaurant" but their chicken was just as tender and juicy. They also don't serve the ginger/garlic dip like the other restaurant, but honestly, it tasted great without any sauce. My friend ordered a Thai Iced tea where I ordered a Malay Iced Tea. Definitely the Thai Iced tea was better. We split a Roti Canai (Indian Pancake) for appetizer and was friggin' delicious. The pancake itself was very crispy and the curry dip was exceptional as well.Only one thing that irks me---CASH ONLY! :(I had to go grab some cash a few blocks away which really sucks when you're already starving. I think they need to keep up with the times here and convert already!! I'd say it's fine if the food you're serving was only a few bucks but for a full meal you're looking to spend at least $15 (with tip) and people are going to want to charge that.
Incredibly cheap food that is well made and delicious. If you stick to most of the menu, the entrees are in the range of $6-7. (Yes, I know it's got labeled $$ on here). Only thing is, don't get the check until you have cash (and cash only) ready, or the servers will start trying to grab them one by one.Another nice thing about this place is its location. It sits on the boundary of Little Italy and Chinatown (as will be apparent to you), with a diverse clientele and tons of dessert/cafes/bars to go to after dinner. Just a gelato (better than anything you'll find in Philly) will cost more than your dinner entree, in all likelihood.
I personally don't think this place is as good as New Malaysian but maybe it's more service friendly. The food doesn't seem as flavorful but it does seem to have a mixed crowd (the food is maybe less authentic or less spicy) and it's not located in an alleyway on Elizabeth so it has that going for it. This place is also a bit more expensive than NM.
Hard to find solid Thai/Malay food around NYC, so Nyonya is definitely worth remembering.  I always get Green Curry the first time I eat at a place like this, just as my own personal benchmark, and Nyonya was excellent.  I seriously doubt you can go wrong here.
I've had great things here and also some dishes I didn't particularly care for much but this is still a go-to spot for me in chinatown.I cannot come here without getting a roti canai and if you feel like standing outside the front window for a few min you can watch them make it which is fun.The roti telur is also good but much more filling with the egg!Another favorite dish is the Clay Pot Pearl Noodles Soup.Prices here are really low so I'd recommend to come here, be a little adventurous and try some new things.
Good prices.  Great taste.  Family friendly too.  Some foods were a bit bizarre for my taste - but the food we ordered was just fabo.
Ate here for years (since Y2K), reasonable price, and had recommended many friends from all over  to dine here when they visit NYC.  Make sure you get the fresh made pan fried bread with coconut chicken sauce.  Will always return when I get to NYC.  After here, to across the street to Ferrara for desert.Latest update Oct 2013.  This place was moved from across the street Ferrara to next to the left side of Ferrara, if you stand in front of Ferrara.  Nyonya prices went up along with our server's "what do you want" attitude.  Ok, let's face the reality here for a second.  This is Manhattan, there are plenty of competitions to keep new and old customers coming back.  I likely will not.  Would you pay for a condescending and attitude-filled dinner?  I won't.  Fortunately my friends were not Asian and they didn't detected the "attitudes".  I did.  Just to be on the fair side, I will leave this restaurants to tourists to comment.  However, myself will no long dine here, and will not recommend to my friends.  Do still go to Ferrara, and I always use Ferrara as contrast, simply I don't have deserts at where I just had dinner.  That's just me.  At Ferrara, deserts are always fresh, impressed the hell outta our very picky restauranteur friends.  The Ferrara service always has been good and consistently good.  Our friends managed 4-5 stars restaurants for many years in NYC, Bahamas, and Miami, they and myself will return to Ferrara.  Thank God we all had a great desert after the mood descending dinning at Nyonya.
Always packed w/people and flavor. Just a basic restaurant large enough to accommodate all those hungry folks in the know. I fantasize about the Roti Canai and while I like to eat most meals Family Style, I find myself ultra selfish when it comes to this Roti dish. Its just so dang tasty - gotta get one for myself next time... note to self. The menu is huge so its gonna be a while before I discover all of my faves.
much needed deliver midway through bite-off-more-than-we-can-chew furniture staining project...eh. blah. definitely could be better.
ewbifuchbewiubdheiuwbdiuwfd45d56tvyuvwant to give this place a 3.5 star but if I had to choose between 3 or four star I'll have to choose 4.Good cheap food is awesome! not too familiar with the name of the dishes but the roti canai was good along with these spare ribs and fried rice dish we got. would come here again randomly to try some other dishes. we got 2 plates and 3 appetizers for 4 people and ended up paying 12 bucks after tip each and that was with drinks.Would like to comment on the drinks, which was the only big disappointment here. Their fruit drinks (lychee) tasted as though they literally came from a can with heavy syrup and just added water. Also their thai ice tea was already blended with the milk so I'm assuming its some cheaper premade drink. I would stay away from drinks in the future and try some other dishes/appetizers there.so just stay away from the drinks and you'll enjoy this place. Pretty cheap and tasty food can never be a bad thing.
Went here with a friend because we were looking for a cheap sit-down place to get dinner. This place was packed. It was a weekday evening, I believe. There was a three minute wait, and we got a decent table. The place was crawling with tourists. I got curried beef with rice, and my friend got curried chicken. Both were delicious. The portions were moderate, which I consider a good thing. The wait staff was a bit pushy, but I didn't mind much until we were about to leave and one of them stopped us at the door and demanded more tip. (Er...) It was an honest mistake, but it left me with a bad taste. Go here for good cheap food, but don't expect friendly service.
This is one of my favorite spots in NYC. The staff is always extra friendly (partly because my friends and I are regulars and I've been going there for close to 10 years now) and the food is always really good. Some of the stand outs are: - roti canai - fried rice with salty fish - garlic chicken - sizzling tofu - mee siam - thai ice tea - coconut pudding out side of the coconut Definitely give this place a try, I don't think you will be disappointed.
I've been craving roti canai and this place hit the spot! YUM!My friend and I got the roti canai (obviously!), seafood noodle, and spare ribs.  The ribs were good but difficult to eat and very chewy.  I would definitely go back and try some new dishes.
The food was okay, not amazing. My friend and I went hoping to try out some Malaysian food but realize that this place is more of a Chinese restaurant...
My friend and I havent tried this place since they've moved across the street. We had 1/2 hainese chicken and the tomyum noodle soup. Both were really tasty. This place gets packed. It was a thurs night and we were waiting for 20 mins.
from the look of the place, you wouldn't know that you're eating in chinatown (or "almost" chinatown given little italy's shrinking turf).  the decor is much fancier than other area options, with a contemporary "island" theme where smoked glass meets dark wood and coconut shell mini tiles.  everything is neat and clean, and service is fast and polite (though not necessarily overly friendly).  i'd like to give the place a better rating, but i can't really vouch for the food since allergies hampered my food selection (very much appreciate that servers are knowledgeable about dish ingredients).  the ginger chicken rice dish was decent enough, but the sauteed spinach (in bean curd sauce) could've used, well, a taste, any taste really, just something.  my dining companion's heaping bowl of soup looked good, tempting enough to maybe chance an allergy, and his satisfied smile pretty much confirmed it.  also tempting was the roti being delivered to almost all the tables and whatever noodle dish the table to our right was having.  maybe next time, i can work up a little daring?  armed with an epi-pen and some benadryl, of course.
I can't believe they gave me the Americanized menu! - still, I liked the picture book and reduced the number of choices so that I won't over-indulge.  I ordered the curry yong tau foo this time - have to say it wasn't their best dish.  The fish paste in the bittergourd tasted "fishy", i.e. old.  Asked for sambal blachan and I got a chilli sauce instead, which is sometimes used in char kway teow.  They must've changed chefs.  My first trip several years ago made Nyonya a "must-eat" each time I visited NYC.  Think I'm taking it off my list for a while, especially since the lady "greeter" standing at the front of the restaurant was pretty surly and rude.
First off I hate cash only places, strike one. Strike two customer service is super important. My friend and I were waiting for almost ten minutes after we were seated for our waitress to come by. We were given tea when we sat down but we needed to ask for water. We had lots of questions regarding items on the menu and the waitress kept cutting us off. My friend ordered roti as an app n it comes in a plate w a small bowl w curry sauce in it. One of the staff saw that the plate was empty picked it up n then asked if she was done. My friend asked her to leave it and instead of leaving the plate n bowl she leaves just the bowl that was dripping w curry. So rude. Strike three is the food options. I don't understand why the chicken is cold I'm not paying to eat cold chicken. Also I prefer to eat white meat n all the chicken on the menu was dark meat n chicken on the bone which I hate. I ended up ordering seafood fried rice which was OK. My friend ordered sweet n sour pork. My friend really wanted to come here for the ABC dessert n that was the best thing we ate. Unfortunately I won't be returning.
Pretty mediocre compared to Malaysian food I've had in Philly (Banana Leaf ftw!!) but this place definitely has decent food at great prices! If you come here on the weekends though, be prepared to wait!
My first Malaysian food experience was in High School, man I love this place.  Still do.  There doesn't seem to be good authentic and specific Malay/Singaporean food out here in the Bay area.  Nyona is always a busy spot, their roti canai  hainese chicken rice is always good.  I always seem to order that when I can't decide.  Pearl noodles in clay pot is good as well.  I've also tried their family style dishes @ their 86 st. Bensohurst location, that one is good as well.  Of course it helps that the owner speaks our dialect of Chinese, Chiu Chow.The downside, they do not accept credit cards.  And one time I had asked for an itemized receipt since I needed it for an expense report and they couldn't print one out for me!  It had to be hand-written.  Overall great food experience, I never had to wait for food, waitstaff is friendly and decor is very SE Asian.
When I crave malaysian this is my go - to.For the price + the flavor, you really can't do better than this. Its also great for groups as there are large tables and very cheap prices! Decor is simple; definitely not fancy but nice for a group lunch or dinner :)my favorite dishes:- roti canai- beef rendang- chinese watercress (vegetable)
I had lunch at Nyonya with a friend who lives in the Chinatown area while serving grand jury duty.  After reading other Yelp reviews of the Roti Canai, I had to try it.  We did, and it was really really good.  We then examined the extensive menu and ordered the following: Nyonya Rojak (fruit salad with squid shrimp paste), crabs in special aromatic flavor and stingray in a lemongrass broth.  As soon as we uttered the words Nyonya Rojak, a look of concern washed over the servers face and she asked whether we had ever tried this dish before.  We said no, and she immediately informed us that we would not like it.  We informed her (in an offended tone) that we had complex palates and could handle a little funk in our fruit salad.  So, she brought out the fruit salad.  It was terrible.  I really tried to shove down a second bite but couldn't.  We told her she was right and she took it away :P  The crab and stingray were very good.  I think we paid something like $30 per person, so it wasn't a cheap lunch by any means, but it was very interesting.
This is a wallet friendly, family friendly vegetarian friendly restaurant that I love to go when I'm looking for a delicious hot meal.  My husband loves the Pad Thai and I love the Clay Pot Pearl Noodle Soup.
Rojak was so good!!  I miss hay-ko.  Just missing the eu-char-kueh (Chinese doughnuts).Prawn Noodle Soup was quite good.Kang kung belachan pretty good.Hainanese Chicken - it's better at New Malaysia.
Cheap ($6.50 for a huge yummy soup bowl) with tea and fast service!  Roti mmmmmmm you are soo good.  We asked for another pot of tea when we got the check and savored a cup after paying the bill.  Literally 2 minutes after we paid..."is there anything else we can get you?" Ok, it is a Saturday and it's NYC but really?  Really? 2 minutes after paying? Sheesh.
this is a restaurant that i had repeatedly visit. But their food is worse every time i go back!! last saturday, i ordered their famous Hainanese chicken over rice. I brought it home and SURPRISE!!! they cut me the worst chicken i had ever seen and it was so damn gross that i had to throw my dish away. i called the restaurant and no apology whatsoever. all they said was bring it back and we will exchange for you tomorrow?!bad service, bad food...dont ever go there, its overrated and there are plenty of good malaysian restaurant out there.
Roomy and has tons of tables, so good for big or small groups.  Very good food.  Order family style so everyone can get a tasting.  Affordable.
Thanks for the review.  I ordered exactly what everyone posted.  Hainanese chickenMee SawRoti CanaiIt was really good.  I'll definitely come back.The only negative thing about this restaurant is CASH ONLY.
One of my newest craze for this year is Malaysian cuisine!!! It also helps because the people I work with are majority Malaysians so I have been introduced to a lot of new dishes unlike the typical Hainanese chicken or roti canai. My personal favorite from Nyonya is their Prawn Mee!! I can eat two bowls of that broth its so delicious you can tell that the nyonya ladies have been slaving in the back kitchen grinding up the spices and drying up the shrimp to make it so flavorful. I also love how they like to use two types of noodles in there the thin rice noodle and the thicker yellow noodles. SLURP SLURP thinking of this makes my mouth water. I also tried their CLAY POT PEARL NOODLES SOUP which was not that great I love the Pearl noodles but I think I would stick with the stir fried version next time. The broth was a little too bland for my liking. I really like their tofu too since they make it there according to our waitress. The texture is smooth and silky but at the same time it doesn't fall apart. For desserts I will recommend getting PULIT HITAM (black glutinous rice in rich coconut broth) and BUBUR CHA CHA. Stay away from the ABC unless u like shave ice with not flavors.Decent size restuarant tucked in the heart of chinatown and little italy. Good for small gatherings and make sure you bring enough people so you can taste a little bit of everything. Malaysians are big on family style!
Haven't go back for a long time  it become more famous! Foods still good as usual but the service speechless...add $0.50 for no ice on the drink...can't pick a table when plenty is available...disappointed.
i blame my friend on taking me here for my first experience with malaysian food because i have yet to find another malaysian restaurant that will meet my expectations. you've se the bar high, nyonya, and i love and hate you for it. to sum it up, Malaysian food is a blend of chinese, indian, and thai cuisine. a perfect example of this cultural mishmash is the Mee Goreng - chow mien noodles stir fried with pad thai ingredients (egg, peanuts, bean sprouts) in a curry like sauce. beef rendang - incREDIBLY succulent and tender chunks of meat in a rich, dark, cinnamon-y stew. and people aren't lying when they say the Roti Canai is a MUST. no need to order one per person. plenty to share. plus you want more variety of dishes so you can sample more things! for dessert we got a hot sweet potato soup with those little starch balls (kinda like the chinese dessert soup Xi Mi Lu that i grew up eating), yummy yummy. a very familiar dish for me.one of THE best dinner experiences i've had in the past 3 months here in New York. no joke.
3.5 starsI used to be such a big fan of nyonya when I first discovered this place... but since then, I've come to be of the impression that this place is 1) Good but not that fantastic really2) Overpriced and becoming highly commercialThese days I head to "Skyway" for authentic Malaysian fare at much cheaper prices (now even with 10% discount... can you believe it? Skyway's entrees are already cheap at $6 a pop.... and now it's $5.40! whoa.)Anyway back to Nyonya...GOOD STUFF- Roti canai (but found out that I can get this for less at Skyway)- Hainanese chicken rice (but realized that I can probably cook better chicken rice with the Prima pre-packs I bought so no longer a fan)- Sizzling bean curd (big fan! I'm just a big tofu fan...but seems pricey at $12!)- Kang kung belacan (love! love!)- Baby oyster omelette (ok)PASS ON THESE- Nyonya poh piah (I was hoping to get the soft poh piah but was disappointed with this - perhaps I'm just not aware what NYONYA poh piah should be)- Crab dish (my friend ordered this thinking it might be some Singapore chili crab concoction but turned out to be measly small crabs which were really hard to eat and not that delicious)- Sauteed rice cake (I thought this would be the carrot cake, and asked about it, was assured it was and that it would not be with soy sauce.... turned out to be the one done with soy sauce which first was not what I like and second tasted bleah) I couldn't bring myself to have more. Fortunately my friend decided to pack this back so we didn't have to end up wasting food.I love the lychee drink and the soya bean with grass jelly as well as fresh coconut drink. Ahhh.I wish I had known what a seafood scramble egg chow fun was when I used to go to Nyonya. I actually love the dish and have been looking for it in the city. A friend happened to inform me that Skyway serves that dish after I mentioned my craving so since then, I have continued to get that at Skyway.Once we were here late after a film viewing and the staff were having their dinner at a corner table. My friend caught sight of the veg dish they were having (I believe they were called potato leaf or something like that) and asked for that dish. Response we got was that was something they cook only for the staff. Hah! must be some cheap dish that they don't even offer on the menu. Well, so much for customization and being servie oriented... ooops I forgot I was in Chinatown. Bleah.
YUM.Cheap and unfortunately cash only, but all you need to know is 1) roti canai and 2) Hainanese chicken with rice.  Oh and the shaved ice desserts are pretty good too.Discovered on seamless (solid delivery) and finally went in person... again and again.  Cozy looking exterior (though not a fan of the restrooms).  It does get busy so prepare to wait for larger groups, but oh so worth it.   Have definitely ventured down to Nyonya many times since I've moved out of the seamless delivery area having had cravings all day.  Why can't you expand your delivery area??
I was SO DISAPPOINTED with the SERVICE tonight at Nyonya that I had an urge within myself to start a Yelp account just to talk about my experience here tonight.First, let me just explain that I have been to their other location in Brooklyn many times. LOVE the food  service is always quick and efficient. I am never disappointed with any one of their dishes -- always full of flavahhhh! (esp spicy!) Driving through C-town/Little Italy, decided to eat here. Apparently, they moved across the street (as stated in past reviews)!! Place has a more modern + clean vibe than from what I remember from the old place. Great atmosphere. Tonight, had Roti Canai like everyone else does, a Tom Yum Spicy Noodle Soup,  Sweet/Sour Chicken. Hit the spot wonderfully! (+ this was a couple of hours after I got a cavity filled) My tummy was so satisfied, I wanted to take a look at dessert. I know it was busy, but  the staff forgot to give us menus. Did I also mention that I ordered a Thai Iced Tea and had to remind them twice in about 20 minutes that they forgot my order? For some reason, one waiter is not assigned to your table. We had 4 different people coming up to us asking us the same thing. No wonder it was so disorganized  they kept forgetting.  Noticed they were doing this to the other table next to us, too. So just wanted to warn all you Yelpers that while this food is delicious  well-priced, don't expect some bomb-ass service.....cuz you just might not get it! this is not the place to go if you want or are expecting that.5 stars - minus 1 for HORRIBLE service!
My friend from Singapore first introduced me to the best NYC Malaysian restaurant tucked away behind a deceptively small facade on the outskirts of Chinatown.  The Homemade Roti Canai (Indian pancake) with its crispy style pancake  curry chicken dipping sauce was pure delight.  The Hainanese Chicken with Rice was the ultimate comfort food and notable for the chicken rice subtly flavored with steamed chicken with bone and served with Chef's special soy sauce.  The pan fried Baby Oyster Omelette brought Lunar New Year happiness all around.  For those not into picked vegetables with a fish flavor, beware of the Achat!  The Fresh Coconut Drink and the divine ABC (Shaved ice with red bean, corn, palm seeds, jelly  red rose syrup) with Coconut Ice Cream was a refreshing end to a deeply satisfying meal.$$
I'm writing this review right now in rage of how their delivery man just treated my front desk girls. To begin, their food is average. I've ordered their take out before and it doesn't wow me, it is on the less pricier side. I was a little disappointed at the roti canai, but that might just be the quality of their take out food. However, we were only given a certain amount of money by our boss for lunch, leaving the delivery man only about an 8% tip. The man stood in the front refusing to leave unless the girls gave him at least a 10% tip. The girls are not well versed in English and already hesitant to go back to their boss, but to have heard that this man loomed over them until they gave him at least two dollars more really makes me angry. I think people forget that the tip is based on the quality of service rather than a forced act that we must make. If their servers work by the same policy, I'd rather avoid the restaurant.
Food was a bit disappointed, don't think we will go back. Service was slow but one thing they r good at was how fast they give u the check event when u r not finish.
I don't know if it was the pushy service or the fact that I am just not used to being stared at by a waitress while I eat but I did not find this place  amazing.  There are some highlights of my lunch with 25 people;-the tea provided was very good -the food presentation was good overall -the decor was cool-my fried rice was great.-prices were very reasonableOn the down side, do not expect them to change anything on the menu for you if you want to take something out of a dish or add, they are not accomodating.   My friend was sick and came here because she had to. We were with a huge group of 25 and they did not change any food for her. She stuck with white rice and water. They also did not seat us all together.  Most places we went to that day were very accomodating.  I may come here again if I had to, but being from Brooklyn, I would much rather a dish from one of my local  chinese places.  Overall, it was something to check out if you are in the neighborhood just if you don't mind a waitress watching and stalking you from time to time.
As with any restaurant, you can only get two of the three: service, quality or price. Nyonya is definately great food at an amazing price. Come with low expectations on the service and things definately end in pleasant food comas. Like most asian cuisine, Nyonya is best enjoyed in groups, where you can order different dishes/appetizers and share. For appetizers, you should at least try the Roti (a thin crispy pancake shaped item you can tear chunks of and dip into the curry sauce). For main dishes, the Haianese Chicken is definately popular (1/4 or 1/2 of a whole chicken that has uncharacteristically smooth/moist meat and a nice spicy sauce to dip into) - but you can order anything from whole fish piping hot and brought out in a burner, to a variety of different vegetables and meats. Definately try one of the curries as well - getting a noodle curry is a good way to try it. Also try one of the flavored rices (chicken broth or coconut). Regardless of what you order though, it will be delicious. Mmm.
Food is AMAZING. Makes you want to smack someone's mama good. The price is great, nice ambiance. Perfect to take someone to on your first date. Every thing on the menu is yummy. My favorite is the Pearl Fried Noodle and the chicken over rice. Must get every time is the roti. A spot everyone must try in NY.
For an early Thursday evening, this place was busy.  Since I only needed a small table, my wait was less than 5 minutes even though they told me it might take 10-15 minutes.  The restaurant is very clean and is decorated very nicely.  This place came highly recommended from a couple people, but after dining there tonight I thought it was ok (mainly due to my menu choices).  For an appetizer, I had the Roti Canaii ($6) which was very very good.  It was perhaps my favorite item of the night.  The 2 entrees I got were the Fried Bean Curd Thai Style ($10) and Fried Shrimp with String Beans ($10).  Both dishes were supposed to be spicy (the main reason why I ordered them), but they weren't.  So I think if you really want it to be spicy, tell your server.  Despite the lack of spiciness, the entrees did taste good and I will be back to try more traditional Malaysian dishes.
Apparently, the new location of Nyonya is directly right across the street.  The new restaurant is cleaner and more modern.  But i do prefer the old style of bamboos and the oh-so cute bridge from the old restaurant.  They raised the price on the menu but it is still decent as compare to the other Malaysian restaurant.  The service was ok but the food was bleh, the day I decided to visit the newly renovated Nyonya.  The roti canai was cold and so is the curry sauce.  The food that I order tasted wierd.  The chicken rice was warm, too.Therefore, I give it a 3 star.
For reference, I'm from Hollywood where there are dozens of excellent restaurants of French-Indo-China descent (Indian, Malaysian, Thai) all within close vicinity.With that in mind, this place was OK. The beef rendang was decent but the noodles I also ordered were a bit too soft and no longer retained the proper noodle texture. For the $8-12 per dish prices, it's really hard to say anything truly negative, but it did not blow my socks off and I won't make any special effort to return next time I'm in town.
Went to Nyonya based on the fab reviews from Yelp. Sadly to say I was a bit disappointed with some of the dishes. We ordered the Roti Canai (lacked curry flavor), hainese chicken (delicious), chinese veggies Malaysian style (very yummy if you like shrimp flavored veggies with a kick), dried curry fish head (again lacking curry flavor, tasted similar to the curry that came with the roti canai) and chicken broth rice (yummy). Grand total was about $48.00 (w/out tip for 3 people)Note that rice does not come with any of the dishes. I'm still amazed at how this place got recognized by Michelin.
One of our favorites! My daughter loves their Roti Canai, Hubby loves their Kari Ayam  Garlic Chicken. I love 'em all! Most favorites: House Special Prawns, Indian Mee Goreng, Tamarind Whole Fish  Crispy Squid. You should also try their Pineapple Fried Rice.If you are planning on trying this place, be forwarned, they don't accept credit cards. ONLY CASH! So you better hit the atm's before you head out.
Hainanese chicken rice.  That's all you need to know.Well, that's all I needed to know.  I love the dish.  (I tend to love simple, "peasant" foods.)  I had been on a search throughout NYC to find a decent Hainanese chicken rice.  It was grueling, heart wrenching, and I despaired of this journey, one of the most critical of my life, ever coming to an end.And then...NYONYA!  Where else to find the city's best Hainanese chicken rice and other great Singaporean and Malaysian dishes than Little Italy?!  I should have known!  I've had chicken rice there several times.  One time it was pretty mediocre; all the other times, it was outstanding.Anyway, I think Nyonya is great.  Apart from my favorite dish, I love the roti canai (and everyone I've introduced it to loves it too).  If I ever try another dish at Nyonya (or if I remember to steal some off of a companion's plate) I'll let you know.Oh--service is good.  Pretty quick despite the fact that this place is almost always full.
This is my favorite Malaysian restaurant around. The food is definitely better than the others. However, certain staff members aren't too nice while others are way nicer. The food is a probably like an extra dollar more than the same dishes in other restaurants but definitely worth it. It's always busy too so if you wanna eat-in here, you better show up early! Also, it's a bit loud but that's normal since it's always busy.
Good Malaysian food (heavy dose of Overseas Chinese).    The typical dishes were all good to decent.  Try the various other dishes listed in the other Yelp reviews, and get the shaved ice desert.Not so great for large parties of people (10+).  Open later (11:30 PM to Midnight) and no credit cards.
Just ate here today. Ordered the roti telu and hainese chicken over rice. Mmmm food was delicious. I dont think you could go wrong with any food in here. It looks like a piece of art and tastes just as good!
I second the YUM.  One of my favourite restaurants.Best hainanese chicken rice in the city.  Make sure if you get the hainanese chicken dish you also ask for the chicken rice.  That plus the roti canai appetizer and some vegetables is bliss!!!You may be able to pick better for takeout/delivery though.  I don't think the chicken travels well in the plastic package - it just doesn't taste the same.
My favorite place in Chinatown for Malaysian food (which I guess doesn't say that much since I only know one other Malaysian restaurant, but oh well.)  Lots of space, though it can get really crowded certain nights.  I am a big fan of their nasi lemak and most of their curry dishes.  They have an eggplant dish that is excellent, some kind of eggplant in sambal sauce maybe?  The roti canai is yummy too.  I would stay away from the mango dishes...nothing really special, just tastes like whatever plus a few shreds of mango.  eh.  Their lunch specials are pretty decently priced, but they have no takeout menu that has any of them listed which is odd.  Is it a secret?  Am I not supposed to know about them?  They were very evasive when I asked about it...I smell a conspiracy!
Might be addicted to the super shrimpy tasting Pad Thai.  I know, at a Malaysian place, right?  I have tried a lot of stuff on the menu and not all of it is good, but most items are (though it should be said, they definitely have off nights).  I also like the Roti Canai, Assam Laksa, Hainan Chicken, Nasi Lemak.  It's greasy, salty, fishy... if you don't like that kind of stuff, you won't like Nyonya.  I kind of miss the old space though... does anybody else think the fluoro lighting is really harsh?
Bean curd with egg is good. Indian crisp pancake is also good. Hainanese chicken is good as well.
I have reached the Singaporean mother ship!Okay, it's not exactly Singaporean food, it's Malaysian but it's close enough. Judging from the long long line, it was probably close enough for many people.The roti canal with egg was crispy and flavorful. The sambal kang kong spicy. The hainanese chicken fragrant and silky. It was one satisfying trip down memory lane.
After having had chicken rice in Singapore, I had a hankering and found this place through Yelp (thank you fellow yelpers).  The place is pretty run of the mill, but they make it damn clear there are no credit cards accepted.  Its on the first door as you go in, the second door  the front page of the menu.  I'm not sure who the seven jokers are who said this place takes credit cards, but they do not.The food is very reasonable, we both had the chicken rice and a Tiger beer.  The chicken rice was good and less than $6 for a big plate of food, hard to go wrong there.
First time eating Malaysian.  I loved it.  Two meals, an appetizer and a beer, around $25 dollars....in New York.    I had Roti Canai and a couple of noodle dishes.  It was all fantastic. The restuarant was beautifully done in a modern "Asian fusion" design style.  Service was great.  Our food came in around 15 minutes, despite a full house.  Nyonya is terrific!
So far this is my absolute favorite Malaysian restaurant! My friends and I never fail to go here for lunch or for dinner. Love their curry. Service and pricing is fair. Always crowded, but wait doesn't get exceptionally long. Definitely check this place out!~
Foods: 5 starsService: 3.5 stars, which it's a ok service. They are too busy to put on smile.Ambience: 3.5 stars. (It's just like the other asian restaurant, a bit noisy. But it's clean)Their food can make me ignore every thing else. Finally comes a 5 stars overall xDThis is the nice place that I can get the most similar asian food. It's a pretty big Malaysian restaurant in Chinatown. Which is right next to the Ferrara ice cream place.I have some must-have every time I visit this place. 1.First you should order coconut water, what a cool and natural drink in summer! After you finish the drink, ask them to open the coconut for you,  then get a spoon, scoop out the juicy part in the coconut, best dessert. 2.They dont really have appetizer. But I got Roti as my appetizer all the time. It's a flaky dough that comes with a very small bowl of curry chicken. Dip the curry sauce with the indian pancake, you can taste the coconut milk and the spices in the curry, nice! 3.Then I love taro, they have this big taro bowl, which you can eat the whole bowl, interesting huh. It's not sweet, it's a dish, comes with some carrot, vegetable and shrimp. The vegetables and shrimp is slightly stir fried, not deep fry, which is not like the taro bowl. 4.The Hainan chickens sounds normal,  but it is the best in the city, especially with rice. It reminds me of Thailand. The sweet soy sauce and smooth chicken dip with sweet chilly sauce is totally heaven. You can choose just half of the chicken if you have 3 people. Or a whole chicken good for share with 6 people I believe. Dont for get to try the pickled cucumber, it let you goes further if you order too much;)5.For meat lovers, here you should try the spareribs in malaysian style, it's fried and tasty
Woo hoo!  Review number 100!! I was here this past weekend for lunch with a couple of friends.  OK, I was pretty late getting to Nyonya, so they had to wait a few extra minutes (ok, more like 20 minutes).  But the staff was cool and let them hang out until I arrived.  Then once we ordered, the food came out like 3 minutes later.  OK, it was a Sunday afternoon at around 2:30 so it wasn't that crowded.  Even so, the food arrived quickly to our table.  I ordered the Mee Siam, which is like a thin noodle dish with shrimp, hard-boiled egg, dried fish flakes, and other spices, among other ingredients. It's a Thai-inspired dish, so it was kind of fishy tasting and spicy at the same time.  I really liked enjoyed what I got, and I'd order it again if I went back to this place.
This place is pretty big and it's easy to get seated immediately before 8pm on weekdays. They have a huge selection of food - best to come with a group of people so you can share a few dishes! Portions are pretty big and good for family style dining. We tried to order the sambal chilli kang kong but they didn't have this vege so we switched to lady fingers and shrimps with sambal instead. Another friend told me she had the same experience, so we concluded they just don't have kang kong vege in general! We also had the roti canai - I think it's good to have 2 to share among 3 (half seems a bit too little, 1 whole one seems a bit too much lol). We also tried the Penang laksa which has a minced fish based broth and should be sour and spicy. It was pretty good, but I prefer it to be hotter and more sour.. maybe it's to cater to local taste? The seafood tofu casserole came in a generous portion and it's a good balance for all our other spicy dishes. Finally.. the dessert! Fried ice cream is probably the closest to a western dessert you can get here.. so if you don't like the Asian desserts and have a sweet tooth, this is for you. It's hot and crispy on the outside, and cold and creamy on the inside.. came with sides of banana slices. The ABC was really refreshing and reminds me of home (Singapore!). I will come back to try other dishes - the fish head curry!!
Great place for awesome food!  Love the curry dishes, especially the famous Roti Canai which gets me wet....huh?  Anyways, the atmosphere is warm and welcoming and good place to go with small groups of friends or people you might randomly meet on the streets.  A favorite haunt of mine when I'm in or around the area, now I just need to try the Brooklyn location and my life will be complete.Did I mention its affordable?  So it won't break the bank nor will it eat into your beer savings.enjoy!
I'm craaaaaaving you, roti canai!Bored? Hungry? Want cheap food?Plane, train or automobile it to Little Italy in NYC.Walk around until you find the Malaysian joint.Sit next to a seasoned patron. (This will be easy  is always a good sign.)Stare at their food  wipe your drool until they either tell you what they ordered or offer you some.Order it.Consume.Smile and thank me.The dude next to me was annoyed at first when I struck up a conversation  asked what he recommended. Yes, I know he doesn't work there, but I live in SD where we have lack this GOOD version of this cuisine, so I was clueless. He ended up being super cool  we ordered everything he told us to.We ate:Roti conai (crispy style pancake  curry chicken dipping sauce)Chow Kueh Teow (Malaysian famous stir fried flat rice noodles w/ shrimp, squid, bean sprouts, eggs, soy sauce  chili paste)Clay Pot Pearl Noodles Soup (pearl noodles w/ minced shrimp, pork  egg in a clay pot)and some other things with beef I can't recallIn all honesty, I've been avoiding writing this review because I am sad that I won't be able to make it there for a couple more months. I've done an extensive search and finally found a place in Pacific Beach (CA) that *might* be able to offer some of this goodness without making me puke. We'll see....Oh, Nyonya. I would make babies with you if I could. You laugh. I cry.
We went with a large group and were seated at a back table. The food was ok. I ordered buddhist mixed vegetables. The tofu was soft tofu - I didn't like it - usually that stuff is for desserts, not main dishes. Fry me up some firm tofu with those vegetables! Also the sauce was this pinkish-white cream - kinda off-putting. My son had this chicken dish - it was basically steamed chicken. It sucked. I could have done that at home. No one liked it. Good thing he ordered something else as well or he would have not been happy. My daughter had garlic chicken - that was really very tasty and done well. The popular drink at the table was the coconut water in the coconut - after you're done drinking it they'll cut it open for you so you can scoop out the meat. I'd go back again if I'm in NY, but I'd also rather try something else too, since this wasn't like, my most favorite place ever, and since there are sooooooooooooo many restaurants in the city.
Nyonya strangely  suspiciously looks like a Penang, but tastes a lot better! Last night a few friends  I went to Nyonya to enjoy some Malaysian food. We had: - Roti Canai: The bread was very thin, I prefer it thicker like at Malaysia Grill near Columbia. - Hainanese Chicken (1/2 order): Very very good.  My favorite dish of the night.  Wish we ordered a full order. - Char Kway Teow (spelled differently): Also very good. - Nasi Lemak: Reminded me of Korean bibimbap.  Was craving a fried rice dish, but we ordered this.  Before the ingredients are mixed (even has a hard boiled egg), it doesn't look appetizing.  Afterward, it is tasty. - Dungeness Crab w/ Nyonya House Sauce: The sauce was good, but I always find it too cumbersome to crack open the crab myself.  I felt the same way at Fatty Crab too. - Thai Bean Curd: Decent. - Pork with Dried Vegetables: Fatty pork wasn't as juicy as hoped. - Pineapple Fried Rice: Decided to tack on this order, but wasn't as good as typical Pineapple Fried Rice.  I wouldn't order this again. - Coconut Rice: A bowl good for a person or two.  Wasn't as distinct tasting as I've had it. Nyonya is now my favorite Malaysian restaurant in Manhattan, beating out Malaysia Grill in Morningside Heights and New Malaysia Restaurant in the alley between Elizabeth  Bowery.
Came here for lunch with a friend. I come here at least 3 times a year. The place wasn't too crowded for lunch though dinner tends to turn up a line. There aren't many good Malaysian restaurants in NYC anymore and this is one of the best ones. Roti canai is a staple to order no matter what meal. I love the satay of course though I didn't get any this time. The noodle dishes never disappoint. My favorites are chow kueh teoh, hokkien mein and curry noodles. The service is always friendly. It's cash only though so be sure to hit up the ATM beforehand.
The curry beef stew here isn't that great, i do not recommend the curry here.New Malaysia Restaurant in chinatown has way better curry than Nyonya, as always zagat rated so people's perception of a restaurant becomes different.
I haven't eaten much Malaysian food, so I have no idea whether this was authentic or not.  I just know that it was tasty food and a pretty decent price.  It was by no means gourmet, but it seemed better than Americanized Chinese food, for example.  Two of us were seated promptly on a Sunday afternoon, though there were larger groups that seemed to wait a while.  I would recommend all three of our dishes:Roti canai - Indian pancake with curry dipping sauce.  Was decent-enough appetizer.  Definitely worth the $3.Beef Rendang - marinated beef dish, which was falling-off the bone tender and came in a nice spicy, coconut-milk-based sauce. Yummy.Nasik Lemak - a coconut rice dish (mmm) that came with curry chicken, anchovies, pickles, egg.  Solid, filling, and tasty.
The food is awesome. The place is just a little bit noisy. Overall I would like to give a four start rating.
Wahlau! Good food here la!So is an ang moh (westerner) really qualified to review Nyonya? Probably not, but I will anyways. My girlfriend is Singaporean and so are a lot of her friends so I have been here a decent number of times.The decor and atmosphere are pretty decent. It seems to have kind of a bamboo theme, so you kind of feel you are in the forest. It works though.As in most asian restaurants, the service is fast and efficient. You order will be taken quickly, served soon, and they will bring the bill just as you finish. It's good though, no pressure.The food is good, even to a silly ang moh. If you are an ang moh yourself, I recommend the roti prata, which is kind of like a flat bread. If you aren't an ang moh, you know a lot better than I do what to get.Ok, I won't say any more. This is good, authentic, Malaysian food. Check it out.
One of the worst meals I've ever had.  Okay, the seaweed salad wasn't bad, but that's about it.  The tofu satay was weird and disgusting.  No taste.  The pad thai had an aftertaste that left me dying for a cup of coffee and something sweet to wash it away.  One of the people we were with had the frog, because he eats it often in France, and said it had no taste and was the consistency of rubber.  Am completely perplexed at people's good reviews and the fact that the restaurant was packed!
The atmosphere in this restaurant shouts Italian cuisine. I know this restaurant is in Little Italy, but where is the Malaysian decor? Looks more like a poorly lit lounge. The food was pretty good, The roti canai was pretty average, I didn't find the curry to be the right texture from what I'm use to. I also had the pineapple fried rice which was a great mix of sweet and spicy. For my drink I had a red bean and coconut shake that was absolutely delicious with its perfect balance of red bean and coconut juice. My reason for the 3 star rating is due to the barely existing service we experienced. On a hot summers day I expect to be immediately greeted with a glass of ice water at my table, however I had to wait well over 15 minutes before anyone brought us water. Our waitress disappeared right after getting the quantity of our appetizer order wrong,  following proper etiquette we waited for the rest of the table to also receive their appetizers before we could start eating, causing the appetizer to get cold. I expected this restaurant to have a full wait staff on a Saturday afternoon, however I was disappointed with the entire service. If you like being ignored like a red headed step-child this is the place for you!
The food is good and affordable here.  I had the roti canai and the hainanese chicken with rice which were decent but not great.
* (( Rating scale from lower score: A, to higher score: AAAAA ))Foods taste: AAAMust eat: Home Made Roti Canai (Indian Pancake).Interior design: AAAAClearing: AAAService: Bad service! Forget our ice waters, plus all my friends almost fished their meals and I still waiting for my from the kitchen.Price: $$(Tasted on Nov. 12 2011)
BEST Malaysian food - owned by Chinese, wait staff is Chinese. WTF?Who cares. Their Roti Canai is to die for. So is their Hainanese Chicken, Keoh Teow, and Nasi Lemak. They also serve Hainanese rice and Coconut rice along with ABC w/ ice cream and Chendol shaved ices for dessert.  Run there at once if you know what's good for you. Prices are reasonable and you will walk out a happy camper, trust me.Must get: Roti Canai, Hainanese Chicken
Great and tasty food! The staff is "on it" and attentive. I love their Mee Goreng, Kankung, Calamari, Roti Canai and Clay pot soups!  Our favorite Malaysian spot closed in Chinatown so this spot has replaced it quite nicely. Try it out! Note that it's usually very crowded so plan ahead with a larger group.
Staple Malaysian RestaurantReviewed as localLate (2:30pm) Weekend lunch$33+tip for twoCASH ONLY** (casual)(Bahasa Melayu review below)My family is from Malaysia (Kk) so I think I know good south east Asian food. This place has become one of our staples in NYC. We've tried all the rotis and are about half way through the entire menu. I can safely say, it is very authentic and true to Malaysian cuisine.Restaurant is popular with lots of traffic. The dining area has very high energy and a noisy bustle.One warning: don't order the laksa. It's not the typical seafood in broth with coconut milk. I think it's a very specific regional variation which is very sour. Waiter warned me but I ordered it anyways once. My only regret here.If you come during the summer, order the ABC (air batu campur, ice desert) for desert.(BM Review)Sedaaaaaap! Makanan Melayu terbalik dalam NYC! Saya mahu pergi lagi! Ada ABC lagi.
Loved this place !Some must try :-Roti Canai-Egg based roti canai (A meal by itself)- Chicken rendangThey have lot of options.Everything on the menu looks awesome, and most of them tastes great.The ambiance is OK. On a Friday evening, the wait was 30 mins. Its a cash only place so make sure you have the cash for payment.Highly recommend this place.
Came for a quick lunch here with a friend on a Sunday in the late morning. It was busy but not too packed - we were seated immediately in the back room (there were three large dining rooms, customers must love it here!), and given hot (Lipton) tea to start. My friend had been here before, so he suggested the lunch special (the rice platter with two different types of meats, one "drunken chicken" the other one a curried chicken with a fried egg, rice and different dipping sauces). We both got this, as well as a kati (like the Chinese scallion pancake, a flaky warm doughy pastry of sorts eaten with said curried chicken) to start. Service was quick, and the Cavs game was on and playing on TVs (silently) in the restaurant so my friend was rather engrossed in that. Quick meal, very filling, very worth the money ($6.95+ tax for the rice platter, $3.95 for the appetizer kati). I'd come back here again if I were looking for a quick Malaysian meal in Chinatown.
I still dream about this place. My god. I had the curry mee with young tofu, and it satisfies that curry itch in all the right places. Slightly sweet, yet salty, spicy but not overpoweringly so, and packed with so much flavor - spices, coconut milk, garlic. Ugh. I am so obsessed with this sauce. We also had one of the rotis (forgot which one) with a curry dipping sauce, and that was also splendid. The service was quick, efficient and no-nonsense, the prices were entirely reasonable for that kind of food. I can't wait till December when I'm back in NY to go eat here again.
Awesome Malaysian food! All dishes ordered exceed my expectations, very pleased to have these authentic dishes in NYC.Price is reasonable and service is fast. Please note they're cash only and very crowded. However, the food is definitely worth the wait.
Just okay.  The waitstaff seemed overworked and inattentive, but the food came out fairly quickly.This is what we sampled on our lunchtime visit recently:Roti canai appetizer - at first we didn't order this, but after seeing it being delivered to several other tables I wanted to give it a try.  Roti was good and the curry dipping sauce was very nice.Hokkien char mee noodles - rather disappointing.  The noodles were overcooked and overworked to the point that they were mostly 2-inch long remnants, which made it difficult to eat with chopsticks.  It was made with way too much soy sauce and cornstarch (I assume that's what they used to thicken the sauce).Hainanese chicken - served at room temperature, which was expected.  Nothing special about this one, and I find it curious that it's so popular.  It's basically just a steamed chicken, but the flavor wasn't particularly distinctive.Garlic chicken - much, much better than the Hainanese chicken, as judged by the group of us at the table.  Probably could have used even more garlic, but the flavor and texture was very good.Sizzling tofu - definitely the best of the dishes that we ordered.  Large, soft chunks of tofu cooked with vegetables and a medium soy-based sauce.  Was labeled as a spicy dish but it was overall just a mild heat to it.This is cash-only establishment, which is made very clear on the door and the front desk upon entering.  Overall this was a mixed experience for us and I'm not sure we'll return on our next trip to New York.
Our favorite dinner spot. Very fast service, reasonable price and delicious! Roti Kanai and Indian mee gorieng are my favorite dish
Nice Asian restaurant, with a lot of options and big plates. Service was efficient, and the space looks nicer than other Asian restaurants. Cash only!
this place is SO damn good. So much flavor in each dish that I didn't even take any pictures before I devoured everything.This was the best fried chicken I've had in the city. The way they cook is amazing. We also ordered the noodles which were salty AF, but in an extremely good, dehydrating my mouth as I eat kind of way.we ordered a ton of food and all of it was very good. The main things that stood out - fried chicken, curry with flaky pancake thing and the noodles.
You want Malaysian cuisine, great service from a knowledgeable staff and ample seating, come here to Nyonya.... I've visited more than enough times to know you'll always head home satisfied with your food. having eaten the food firsthand you'll come to understand why on most evenings there will be crowds waiting to be seated. I'd rather wait for good food then be the only person in a restaurant with bad food.
This place is off. First I had to ask 3 different servers 5 times to get a glass of ice water over the span of waiting for our food to come out. We finally got it like a couple minutes before the food. The servers here literally don't know how to do their jobs. It would be one thing if the place was full. But it was basically empty.
It's cute and cheap. The food is nice but nothing blew our minds. I like that there is a pot of hot tea on every table. Skip the dessert. We ordered mango pudding (its not puddling at all, it's disgusting artificiality flavored jello), and two warm specialties: with coconut rice and the red bean, both were mediocre at best. We left it all and ate the chocolate my friend had in her bag instead.
Have had lots of Malaysian food overseas, even in Malaysia but this is surely the best I've had anywhere. Tried the curry mee which is thick noodle in slightly spicy coconut broth. The spices are not overpowered by coconut at all. The best thing is the chicken doesn't smell like some of the other Asian restaurants. The bean shoots give an amazing crunch. Nasi Lemak was also good and comes with a side of achar(pickle with turmeric and spices), anchovies and chicken curry with bone. The best bit is that this curry is different to the Roti canai and both were amazing. Roti canai here is like I've never had anywhere. It's light and very crispy. The side of curry is amazing as well. This is a must try here. We had a total wait time of 15 minutes around 2 pm. The restroom is very clean as well :) Great service as well.
I've been here twice and the food is pretty good. Each time I go, the person I'm with always orders the Hainanese chicken. Personally, I don't like this type of chicken, so I've never tried it, but people rave about it. I can say that the Roti Canai is good. It's very crispy and the curry is flavorful, but not spicy. I can't remember what I ordered the first time, but the second time, I ordered bean curd wrapped egg. I can't remember what the dish was called. It looks disgusting, I know, but it's sooooo good! The egg is mixed with water, then steamed (typical Asian dish), wrapped in bean curd, and fried. The order and prep may not be as described, but it's soooooo good! I don't know what sauce they used, but it complemented the dish perfectly. You should definitely try it. Have I mentioned it's soooooo good?? Cause it is.The soy milk was also delicious. Refreshing and sweet. But, yeah get that egg bean curd thing.
Longing for Hainan food. This place reminded me my fondly memories of visiting Singapore. Food is delicious. Hainan Chicken, Roti, princess tofu, pearl noodle soup. Tiger and Singha beers. Life is good.
Absolutely love this place. I had never had Malaysian food before and it's definitely a yummy place to start. Service is great and food comes out fast.
Great foodGreat experiences and great customer service Andy was great and super good prices
I've visited this place a few times. As a Malaysian, I find it very authentic for a place like New York. The curry laksa with yong tau foo is my absolute favourite. Sambal kangkung was yum too. I didn't fancy the char kuey teow or their dessert soups. But I'm still giving it 5 stars for an amazing taste of home!
Awful for takeout. Hainanese chicken was cold, dry and had some yellow food coloring on the skin. The stuffed vegetables with fish meat was undercooked in the Young tofu curry soup. Waited for 25 min and paid cash to pick up under cooked food. Very disappointed.
Overall the place is amazing, my second time I ever came here to eat. You only get seated when your whole group is there. Nothing can go wrong with the roti canai, it's so good and the chicken making my mouth water all over again. Really busy place since its in Chinatown, but a very good place to eat Malaysian.
This place is totally decent. Started with the roti canai (that the waitress haughtily mispronounced): fluffy and hot and delicious. The mee goreng was also pretty good. Not the best, but the best for six fiddy. I also thought the huge fish were cute, but then my boyfriend told me that they were food, not pets.
Wow, I guess I never knew another malaysian restaurant existed in Chinatown besides the one in the tunnel!  This place was extremely clean and comfortable with the similar cheap fare that is Ctown eating.
Another one of my faves  probably come here way too much. I always order two things when I come here - the prawn mee or spicy thai chicken. I've tried a few other things on the menu that are good too but those two are my favorite. I've introduced this place to many of my friends and they ALL love these two dishes.Service can be a bit slow sometimes, especially when they are busy but it's understandable. The food makes up for it!
Takeout service hostile both in person and over the phone, beef rendang flavorful but 1dim and a bit rubbery, really rich. Nice atmosphere and food is better than most places.
So delicious! The place was jam packed on a Tuesday night. Everything I ordered was delicious and fresh. The waitresses were pleasant and checked in on me every few minutes. I would definitely return.
Clean and nice atmosphere. Great value for the price. Cash only! I like the roti canai and pearl noodle dish.
This is one of my favorite Malaysian restaurants in downtown NYC. The food has always been excellent and the courteous staff delivers fast  excellent customer service -- and the price, very affordable!! Nyonya, is the sister restaurant of Penang and if you love the food at Penang then I'm sure you'll feel the same about Nyonya. Check out this place and you won't be disappointed!
Ordered the Pad Thai, fried tentacles, spring rolls and wings. Everything was delicious! Service was great too. Check this place out! You might have to wait 20 minutes for a table and they only take cash. Well worth it!
Aaaahhh....Nyonya, how do I love thee, let me count the ways...Stumbled on this gem on what was my maiden voyage to New York. I say stumbled, as my Great Aunt, cousins and I were staying a few steps round the corner while on a girls weekend to the Big Apple - so this house of Malaysian Gastronomy was right there waiting for our discovery.We phoned ahead and got an 8 o clock reservation earlier in the day as we were a party of five and coming from England, thought a Saturday night might be pushing it to arrive on spec. Glad we did as it was jumping when we walked through the front door, every table full and hungry dinner guests waiting in the wings.  Decor was calm, unobtrusive and quietly tiki chic, despite the happy buzz emanating from the dining room. Menu was extensive and narrowing the decision to just a few appetizers and five entrees was tough.Appetizers:We opted for the Roti Canai - light, crispy-chewy and delicious - a wonderful edible utensil when wrapped around tender morsels of spice infused chicken and for sopping up the rich curry gravy left in the bowl. Seaweed Salad - delightful melange of shredded sweet jicama juxtaposed with the strong briny notes of the seaweed that tastes like only the seaside smells. Spring Rolls - ten very easy to eat crispy spring rolls served with Thai Sweet Chili Sauce...nom nom nom...Entrees:Mango Chicken - fresh tropical citrus marriage of mango strips and moist chicken in a spicy sweet and sour sauce with onions and peppers, Beef Rendang - reminded me of a Malaysian version of Osso Bucco - sans the veal and the bone of course, but beefy chunks of perfectly braised meat in a deep cinnamon based spicy sauce...Malaysian Spareribs - a workout for your pearly whites  compared to the Rendang, but lightly spiced and not too chewy, Malaysian Buddhist - a kaleidoscopic cacophony of vegetables and fungi in an oyster sauce type gravy - though i have to say, palate had  a moment of panic when it thought a piece of the intestine dish had landed itself in this vegetarian dish - both palate and myself quite relieved to find it was a piece of fermented tofu skin (phew - had a nervous laugh to myself) and lastly, Chicken in Clay pot - chicken infused with basil and chili - quite delicious. All these epicurean delights served with coconut and brown rice and two bottle of wine between five of us and very reasonably priced.Can't wait to go back to NY just to have a rematch. Viva Nyonya!
This is Great Quality food, which is very affordable. This place stands out on Grand, between Mott and Mulberry, as it has a unique store front, with bamboos. The sign itself is not very visible, written in Black on a glass window. Once you go in, bamboo definitely makes is presence felt. The chairs and tables all fit in well with the interior decor.The food is what really attracts people, starters with roti canai and roti telur are a must. I have tried their chicken dishes, Beef with noodles, spring rolls, all have been great.the service at times can appear rushed, but i don't blame them as whenever i have visited this restaurant it has been packed. The wall paintings are something that stick in my mind, so must have been good :-)
I went to Nyonya after work on a friday night with  friends.You don't come here for the service and you don't come here for the ambiance. You come here to get good quality food for a low price. Everybody should start off the meal with the roti canai. The curry dipping sauce is delicious and there's always left over after the appetizer is done. The Cantonese fried noodles is delicious. Service is quick in terms of getting your food. The worker who gives us our order always gave us our wrong food, it belongs to someone else in our group hahaha.Great for groups and you can get away with spending less then $20 a person and getting filled with good food.
The closest to home you can get if you're a homesick Malaysian/Singaporean living in Manhattan. The standard has gone south on a lot of their dishes hence the 3 stars instead of 4.Roti Canai: Yummy! Thin and crispy. Chicken curry used to be better.Hainanese Chicken Rice: Decent. Used to be better.Nasi Lemak: Not as good as home. No coconut-milk/pandan flavor in the rice.Seafood Chow Fun: Good with the green chilli peppersKang Kong Belachan: Used to be better.Malaysian Iced Tea: A tad bit too sweet.
This is the second time I've been here.  It didn't wow me.  And it was weird that they could only take cash.  I don't have a lot of experience in the Malaysian food department so I feel a little misinformed while doing this review.  I was expecting some sort of Asian and Indian fusion food which is what I found.  The prices were good.  I liked the appetizer we got (Roti Canai) which really felt like a dosa and not a roti at all but the curry they brought out for it was really good.  The dishes that we ordered were cold or room temperature but I think that is how they are supposed to be.  I was expecting hot foods though but I guess that was poor decision making on our part.  I remember the first time I came here the food was amazing and I suggested getting the beef dish but I couldn't remember what it was called.  We didn't try it this time around though.  The service was good and they offered to charge my friend's phone which was nice of them.  I feel like I don't have much to say about this place though.
Very nice selection of Malaysian food; love the roti canai and duck dishes!
Great food, good location, the service is ok, beware this restaurant only takes cash, but overall good experience specially if you get to eat the lunch specials good prices and good portion servings.
I go to this Nyonya in Chinatown as well as the one in 8th Avenue in Brooklyn. Both are wonderful and serve delicious food!I LOVE THE ROTI CANAI! If you go to Nyonya, order one! It's so good. I could eat a whole bunch myself but I'm a lady... sort of. ^_~My friends and I (5 of us!) ordered 3 Roti Canai to share and trust me, the moment our waitress set them down, there was no talking... just us devouring them like the hungry fiends we were. Just so that it doesn't seem like I only go there for the Roti Canai, I actually do eat their other food. I love the Indian Mee Goreng, the Fried Pearl Noodles and the Mee Siam is good too!As for meals that you can share family-style, you can't go wrong with some Hainanese chicken and Chinese watercress with preserved bean curd.The Spicy Thai chicken was oily and not spicy. I enjoyed the cucumbers on that dish more then the chicken. Also, the Sizzling Seafood Combination Delight was a disappointment. It came in this not-so-tasty semi-clear gunky sauce, the plate was not sizzling (and I know sizzling) and the seafood was mediocre.
Cheap good food:  what more can you ask for?  On our last three visits, we headed to Little Italy for Malaysian food.  It's hard to resist the temptation of Nyonya, especially since it prescribes to the affordability  of Chinatown (questionable hygiene) and benefits from the ambiance and cleanliness of Little Italy.My friend first took me here back in 2004, and among the hazy days of NYC, it stood out in my mind.  I'm no expert when it comes to Malaysian food (so you probably should take this review with a grain of salt) but the food was great.  I [heart] the following:- roti cani- mee goreng- hainanese chicken- coconut rice- nasi lemak- asam laksa- salted fish with chinese broccoliIt can get really crowded so prepare to wait.
Delicious, cheap, fast.There are a few Malaysian/Southeast Asian restaurants around the city but this is the best in my opinion.The mee siam is totally not authentic but it's SO tasty I'd order it almost every time.  The beef rendang is very tender and tasty, a good choice.  The roti canai is pretty standard.  Satay (meat kebabs) tends to be on the sweet side. Seafood hor fun (flat rice noodles) is tasty but some folks might be turned off by the starchy sauce that covers everything. Nasi lemak is great, you can request to have the chicken curry substituted with the beef rendang (costs a bit more but still very cheap).  Char kway teow (stir fried flat rice noodles with lots of dark soy sauce, has a sweet, salty taste) is done very well.  Curry noodles are heavy but when you're in the mood, very yummy.  The pulot hitam dessert (black rice cooked into a sweet porridge and mixed with some coconut cream) is one of my favorite sweets here.Even though this place is crowded, it has large enough of a space and fast enough of a turnover to get people seated pretty quickly.  They deliver too.
Was absolutely unimpressed. Went with 3 friends last night and we all ordered food based on our waiter's recommendations, because it was the group's first time eating Malaysian cuisine.The food was very bland even though the waiter assured us it was going to be spicy. When we asked to swap out one of our dishes (because my friend couldn't stand the smell of the squid sauce in her food) our waiter gave us a frown and asked "why? There's nothing wrong with your food" instead of the customary, "we are sorry you didn't like your food. Can I bring you the menu so you can order something else?". It took some convincing and effort and calling the manager to get something else off the menu.The wait to get seated wasn't very long; we were seated within 10 minutes of our arrival.The ambiance is decent, but a bit crampedThe menu items are reasonably priced. Pretty much everything is under 15-18 bucks.Most importantly: No Plastic!! Cash Only!
Mmmmmm.....just thinking about it makes me drool.  The Roti Canai was fluffy and thin.  The Hainanese chicken was the best one I had in years (sorry, the best one I had was this dinky little place in Vancouver).  The Nasik Lemak is also excellent and perfect for the summer weather.  I went to Spice Market by Jean-Georges couple weeks ago and it's basically the same style of food dressed up in with a $$$$ price tag.
Very good restaurant that features the various Asian cuisine influences in Malaysian cuisine.I finally went here last week after having it bookmarked in my mind long before Yelp bookmarking helped free up some brain cells that I've since killed on the discussion boards :)The app list has a lot of interesting options but it's nearly sacrilegious to not order Roti Canai and I'm anything but sacrilegious (well, except with religion).  The crispy bread/pancake was lighter than most I've had and the curry sauce was solidly executed.  Can't say, though, this is any better than the Roti Canai I've had at other Malaysian or Indonesian restaurant.My companion and I split the Beef Rendang which feels like an Indian curry dish (albeit not w/ beef - like a Lamb Curry) but has more sweetness than spiciness.  Spices I think I tasted in the dish include cinnamon, cumin, and nutmeg.  The flavoring is really nice and the beef is perfectly tender.We also got the Nasi Lemak which is a curry chicken + coconut rice dish that was less pleasing than the Beef Rendang.  There were a lot of compartmentalized flavors in the dish and they didn't come together.  The curry chicken (on the bone) were just okay and weren't aided by the spiced pickles (reminiscent of Korean).  Maybe it was just a bad first impression but I didn't really like this dish at all.The Malaysian Iced Tea was similar to a Thai Iced Tea and was very good.  Also found the Lychee Drink to be quite interesting - a good balance of sweet and refreshing (the fruit still works better in alcoholic drinks imho)The decor/atmosphere was better than I thought.  Pictured it as more of a dive.  It's not particularly romantic or lush but it's perfectly fine for a date.Would love to try more dishes but impressed w/ what I've tried so far (except the Nasi Lemak)...
Not bad. Food are relatively fresh and tasty. Customer service seems to be fair and fine. 80% food are like Chinese but taste different. The only thing is I can't pay with Credit Card. It's cash only system. So that's one of problems you might encounter. So be careful.
So this review comes with a lot of caveats. One, while I have traveled extensively to Asia, specifically KL and Indonesia, I am as white as the new fallen snow.We ordered the Rojak Salad. The nice waitress said. "are you sure, really, really sure? No. Seriously, are you really sure?"Yes, I have had the salad numerous times in Malaysia.We also ordered the Crispy Squid and the Singapore noodles.To call the squid crispy, would be an injustice. It's really a dried squid, that is fried upon ordering. As my better half proclaimed, it would really be good as a bar snack when drinking copious amounts beer. The Singapore noodles were tasteless and dry.But wait, the pièce de résistance, the Rojak arrived. Sweet baby Jesus, this stuff would make Andrew Zimmern blush. Imagine really old fish and shrimp sauce combined with your seventh grade gym shorts.Again, we was warned.So, in the end, maybe Nyonya was just too authentic for me.
Nyonya or Peranakan cuisine combines Chinese, Malay and other influences around the region. According to Wikipedia: "Peranakans are descendants of early Chinese migrants who settled in Penang, Malacca and Singapore, inter-marrying with local Malays." The Nyonya cooking uses Chinese ingredients and spices used by the Malay community with wok cooking techniques.So after learning this slice of history we march towards Nyonya in Little Italy/ Chinatown. To wet our appetite, we got the Roti Canai ($2.95) as starter. It taste great but it's a bit more expensive than other Malaysian places in C-Town. (Sanur, New Malaysia and Skyway all only charges $1.95 for Roti Canai)I got the Asam Laksa ($5.95)- a sour and spicy noodles soup with fermented fish and lemon grass broth. The taste is very pungent, sweet, sour and tangy. We all agree that this is the best Asam Laksa we have had in Chinatown.Young got the Nyonya Seafood Fried Rice ($6.50). It comes with shrimp, squid and scallop. The texture of the rice is chewy and soft with great "wok" flavor, in a word really great fried rice.Matilda got the Mee Siam ($5.95)- a stir-fried rice noodle with tofu egg, shrimp  bean sprout in spicy Thai chilli sauce with ground peanut. Simple preparation yet very complex flavor.
I wish it was still at its old location with it's asian charm, big dishes and small prices. Since moving across the st, they added a bigger wine list... but who needs that when you have Fresh coconut juice? Thankfully the flavors remain, their Fried Pearl Noodle is one of my favorites, also the Crispy Golden Fried Squid and Kang Kung Belacan.  Roti Canai, sizzling tofu and whole fish and hainanese chicken are always a good option. For photos and more details, please visit my blog.
I come here once a week.  If i don't get to go, i feel like i'm missing something.  One must try the Roti Canai appetizer, which is a must have every time i go.  In addition i would recommend always ordering the cocunut rice instead of the atypical plain white rice.  Interestingly most everything on the menu is delectable, however i wouldn't get the Pad Thai here as it is not a good way to sample the menu, and get a good gauge of the restaurant.Do order:  Hainese Chicken, Garlic Chicken, Pork Chops, Seafood
Good food. Cheap. Kinda cheesy decorating, but totally okay.Yes, get the roti canai because it can kick your ass. Last time I was here, they cheaped out on the curry though because there were NO chicken pieces in it, just potato. Lame. The Penang locations in Boston always have chicken pieces in it.
Um, OK, so I respectfully disagree? Definitely not the best Malaysian I have had. Yes, the Roti is awesome, but the rest of our meal was...average. Oh, right, thus the three stars. The shrimp dish I ordered was spicy but not flavorful at all, despite mango pieces in it. My mom's duck noodle bowl was....boring. Boiled duck?? What is that?Service was fine, but also average. I'd come back for the Roti, but that's about it.
I've been coming here for a few years now and HANDS DOWN, this is my FAVORITE restaurant! You can't go wrong at Nyonya's!!!It is consistent and dependable. Everyone I bring here are always happy and satisfied, always walking out of the restaurant with a smile. Food is authentic and superb...and cheap too!!!! I've tried a variety of dishes but my go to's are:Roti CanaiSingaporean NoodlesShrimp and Eggplant (Malaysian Style)Kari AyamSOOOOO GOOD!!!!Don't expect the service to be like fine dining establishments, but the food is so tasty, you leave with a happy tummy  experience. Great place to bring family and friends.I wish they had a sister restaurant here in the bay.
Nyonya was the perfect shelter after an over-crowded bar and a rainy night.  I've been here twice now, and enjoyed it each time.  We shared the Roti Canai (delicious!), which they were happy to make vegetarian (no chicken in the sauce).  We also had the satay tofu appetizer (good, kind of bland, but that's the way the tofu rolls), and the Mee Siam noodle dish.  Nicely-sized portions for very reasonable prices.  They also have lunch specials and a variety of teas and fruit drinks that look good.  We lingered after our meal chatting.  On the way out, a guy from the kitchen walked outside with a big box of matches to light my friend's cigarette--unexpectedly full service.The bathroom could have been spiffier, but was definitely serviceable.  Service was friendly.
came here with some friends and tried the following dishesHOME MADE ROTI CANAI (INDIAN PANCAKE) 2.95It's Malaysian all time favorite, crispy style pancake  curry chicken dipping sauce.--- only ok, definitely flaky but not the best pancake I've hadHAINANESE CHICKEN (1/4) 5.25 (1/2) 8.00Steamed chicken with bone (room temperature) with Chef's soy sauce.Didn't try any of this but not a big hainanese chicken fanBEEF RENDANG 12.95Tender pieces of beef simmered w. exotic spices (cinnamon, cloves) - tried this...and it tasted like any regular beef in curry sauce - was not impressed# KANG KUNG BELACAN 9.95Sauteed convolus w. spicy Malaysian shrimp paste sauce. - you can't really mess this up as its just veggies in shrimp paste sauce...it wasn't spicy enoughSIZZLING NYONYA TOFU 10.95Bean curd egg with minced pork, shrimp, Chinese mushroom, Served in Chef's special sauce. - really enjoyed this dish it was great maybe I'm biased since I love tofutotal of bill came out to 80.00 with tax and tip...expensive for a chinatown restaurant.I was excited that they had brown rice...nothing like a healthy touch to a heavy Chinese/ Malaysian mealAlso had some Thai Iced Tea...although it was good, Hong Kong Style milk tea definitely trumps the thai style one...nothing like a nice cup of HK style milk tea from M Star Cafe
Very disappointed...this is not truly Malaysian cuisine, it's more like Asian restaurant tailored to foreigners.
absolutely great place! never really tried malaysian food, weird to say coming from all the way across the other end of the U.S. in a very asian town..but this place was great.stopped by after a long day of shopping cause lobster house across the street was closed down.  we had our malaysian friend do his usual duties and choose the food for us, and boy he chose the greatest things to ever try.  good and very tasty.  service was great, dropped my chopsticks couple times and the server dropped me extra two chopsticks incase it happened again. water refills were on point and was quick to clean up my water spill.-_-, fail.setting: nice asian fusion setting, bit of a dim lighting but good enough to see the dirt in your food (not there was any)im not sure how much the pricing was being that i didnt pay, but it looked kind of pricey from the setting. Overall, great place for tasty legit food, would definitely hit up this place again when i visit ny again.
This is one of my favorite place in china town. Clean and neat inside with a multiple choices of Asian food, tried several dishes, all tasted above the average level in china town. It's a great place to have a casual Asian meal.
Roti, Mee Goreng  Singha.Some of the best Southeast Asian food since the summer I lived in Singapore and traveled throughout Southeast Asia.
My malaysian friend invited us to this restaurant for a malaysian style new year dinner ( the new year date is the same as chinese new year).So the restaurant has a new year's menu ( serve only until the 15th day of the chinese new year), and one of the special dish is sth like "low chai". It has crispy noodles and all sorts of vegitables. Then some old lady came to our table and pour a dish of salmon on top of it, then opened two red envelopes containing some spices. She sprinkled these spices on the top while saying that they represented silver and gold. then she said some other words wishing us good luck and have a good year.  after all these, everyone on the table had to pick up our chopsticks and started stiring the whole dish, it was a fun chopstick fight. Finally we could eat it. It tasted a bit sweet and sour as most malaysian dishes do... but the crispy noodles added so much texture, love it.then we had oil rice and coconut rice, i prefer oil rice though.don't remember other dishes they ordered, but one of it has a taro smashed and shaped like a bowl and fried, taste really good. the crab is good too.For the desert, we tried several, mostly are good. do not order ABC, some kind of shaved ice. and mango pudding is just ok.Do try the fresh coconut pudding, it's huge and comes in a whole real coconut shell~
OK so I've never had stingray before I went to Nyonya.It's got the loud Asian restaurant atmosphere and the authentic food to back it up. The drunken chicken dish (wish I knew the real name) is heavenly.Fun selection of desserts too.
I go there for lunch on a regular basis. They have nice lunch menu for $ 6.95, the best bet of the menu is the Mango Chicken on Rice. Of the original menu, I like the roti and Haa Mae (prawn noodles). The soup is really shrimp/ shellfish base. Hai Nan chicken is very reasonable too. It's good to have a lunch gathering there since it's a long line up in the evening. The food is a bit too salty but ok overall. Service is ok. But only take cash!
The best place in (close to) Chinatown to get Malaysian food.  Influenced by Indian and Chinese cuisine, it has a tropical flare with seafood and coconut milk.The roti canai (flat bread served with curry dipping sauce) is a must for an appitizer.  Beef or chicken satay (with peanut sauce) is also recommended.The staple dish I get is the hainanese chicken (can be served over rice that's been cooked in chicken broth) - served at room temperature with a sweet soy sauce, the chicken is tender and flavorful.Can order individual dishes or eat family style (sharing).  If sharing, definitely get the Malaysian-style stir-fried string beans.
This is my favorite New York eatery. It has all the things you look for in an amazing New York eating experience: It's cheap, it's fun, it's convenient, service is fast, it's large, don't need a reservation, and the food is incredible... The food is really incredible. I'm kind of fuzzy where Malaysia is on a map and I haven't a clue about their history as a peoples, but their food is like the best parts of Thai and Chinese foods mixed seamlessly together.

Tip: Things to order are Roti Canai (to start), the first noodle dish (#1), Cantonese Chow fun, Mango Chicken, and the beef dish at the end of the poultry section (trust me!!!). Just about everything is great, you may want to stay away from the "salted" stuff, but the rest is divine.
The Curry Mee with Young Tau Foo - Curry seafood noodle soup with tofu and stuffed peppers is great. Good broth, nice, fresh noodles with great consistency. Also, if you order noodle soup to go they package it correctly - ingredients separate from broth - which ensures that you won't end up with soggy noodles.Noonya's noodle soup is better than Jaya and Malaysian Rest in my opinion.
I've been coming here since I was 8 and it is easily one of my favorite restaurants. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. CASH ONLY
For somebody who has lived in South East Asia, Nyonya is definitely a place that brings back memories. The food here is super close to authentic. I really can't give this review with a non-S.E.A. perspective. I suppose this is the food I grew up eating and that's why I love it. But if you didn't grow up with this kinda food, I would imagine would just be okay with the grub here.Must haves at Nyonya for me are:- the Hainanese Chicken Rice (a steamed chicken dish served with fragrant rice)- the Oyster Omelettes, and - Kangkong Blechan (kang kong greens cooked with spicy chili sauce)I also go for:- the Roti (although they're not nearly close to the yumminess of the Roti you get in Asia)- the Beef Rendang (Kind of like a semi-dry spicy beef stewed in coconut milk)- the Nasi Lemak (a rice dish with different sides such as chicken, anchovies, boiled egg, etc)If you are feeling adventurous, go for the Stingray!!!!!!!!If you come from SEA (Sing, Malaysia, Indonesia), I think you'll find this place close to the type of food you get at home.
I was very disappointed with Nyonya. I was really looking forward to the chicken rice, but all I got was a plate of skin and bones. The 2 slices of cucumber were shoved under the chicken, drenched in soy sauce and no soup was provided. The rice was OK.I also had the roti telur, which was OK. The ABC was quite good, but they annoyingly brought it out as the very first dish before either of the two dishes were served.Overall, it was expensive for what was provided, which was below average. For good quality, well priced food, skip Nyonya and head directly to New Malaysia whose chicken rice is so good I went twice in one week.
My go-to place and frequent recommendation for cheap good food.  Again, the Roti Canai is awesome, Nyonya's is particularly good.  I always get the first or second rice dish...the one w/the chicken.  It's soooo good.  And you get coconut rice, I LOVE IT so much!!But, one thing, awful for vegetarians.
I like the mixture of Chinese and Malaysian dishes.  Roti Canai is good, and there was a good tofu dish there as well (forgot what it was called)I've been here 4+ times and would definitely come back in the future
Used to be a lot better.  The fish head vermicelli was a horrible experience.  It's actually fish nugget noodle soup.
I called, said I wanted to pickup food for takeout.  Whoever picked up said sure, placed me on hold and then transferred me to another restaurant without telling me.  The guy at the restaurant I was transferred to took my order and then when I told him I was on Grand Street and would be there soon, he got angry, said wrong number, and hung up on me.  When I got to the Grand St. restaurant, I placed my order in person.  It only took 10 minutes.  I got the Hainan Chicken and the Malaysian Buddhist for a vegetarian friend.  The chicken was good.  The Malaysian Buddhist had a prawn whisker in it...but the food is still decent enough that I would return.
Nyonya exceeds expectations across the board.  The decor was very much asian fusion and chic.  The food.....absolutely delicious.  Growing up in one of the most asian areas in Queens, my family has probably tried just about every Malaysian restaurant available to us......and Nyonya is one of the best I've had.  Some of my favorites are:Sotong Goreng - You might think this is just asian-style calamari, but try it and you'll be amazed by how light the breading is and the how tender fried quid can be.Beef Rendang - I've been to many other places where the beef is tough and your jaws hurt by the time you've finished chewing.  At Nyonya, the meat is tender and you just want to lap up the coconut curry.Kangkung Belachan - Belachan sauce is probably an acquired taste, it is a shrimp sauce that is fermeted (I believe).  This is something I've grown up with....I love the water spinach with the sauce.  It is a must-have for me whenever i go.
I absolutely loved this place! I always walked past on the way to Soho from Chinatown and always wondered how the food is. Well, considering that Malaysian cuisine is known for its spicy and rich food, I was a bit worried having dinner here with my parents. They're more bland and health conscious, but we managed to order food that was representative of Malaysian cuisine, like curry fish head casserole, roti canai and the hainanese chicken. The curry fish casserole was not made with salmon fish head, which meant that it was good (according to my mom) and it was! There was plenty of meat with the fish head casserole and the curry sauce was so good when you mixed it in rice. We also got roti canai,  which I was pretty disappointed in, actually. The bread was way too thin and it didn't feel like bread, but it felt like pieces of bread-skin (not sure if that is a word). It's definitely not what I was used to, but that part didn't make or break the meal. For me the best part was the hainanese chicken. It's one of the more obscure dishes out there probably and I only know about it because we grew up eating Malaysian food from a restaurant one block away and obviously my mom scoped out the menu. Anyways, hainanese chicken may seem bland at first but there's actually a deep flavor coming from the sesame oil that the chicken was marinated with. The chicken is usually served cold or room temperature which is perfect with the warm rice. If it's too bland, the hainanese chicken comes with soy sauce on the bottom of the plate and hot sauce separately on the side. Since we ordered the curry fish head casserole, I actually dipped some chicken into the casserole sauce and had some curry chicken! Everything just works so well with each other that really, it's hard to go wrong. I would suggest coming here and ordering family style so at least you would be able to try a little bit of everything.
I've been told this is about as good as Malaysian food gets in New York, and it was decent, but you could tell no one at the table was particularly thrilled.  I'd hope these people knew a little about what the food was supposed to be like since ALL of them have lived in Singapore for at least a portion of their lives.  I'm the loser from Boston, but I'd like to think I can spot decent authentic food.  Like a lot of ethnic food (Mexican namely) it's hard to find GOOD dishes without leaving Manhattan.I went straight for the traditional "chicken rice" which is room temperature chicken with the special rice with...god i don't know, some sort of chicken stock in it?  I really enjoyed it (even though the waiter cautioned me against it) and expected a boiled chicken to taste like nothing but he flavors were great.  Be the white guy that asks for a fork and knife because it's impossible to eat chicken on the bone like this with chopsticks.  Our other food was good but not memorable.  I did eat about 3000 green beans with shrimp and i hate green beans so that says something.
I came here with my classmates and professor. The table we were seated at was really small but we dealt with it. At first they were rude to us because we were a bunch of teenagers while our professor went to the ATM to get cash (The restaurant do not accept credit card). I had the hainanese chicken on rice, which didn't sit well in my stomach later that day. My friend's pearl noodles were beyond salty. Foodwise, the only good thing was the indian bread and my classmates said that the mango chicken was good.My professor asked the waitress if she could get him a copy of the receipt so he could give it to the college. She rudely said "one minute" and didn't return for fifteen minutes. She just threw the receipt on the table and walked away.I would never go back ever again.
I was pretty darn impressed!  Had the roti, the beef rendang, and the mango chicken - all of which were fantastic.  Herman S. and I even had to order a second order of the roti since it was so good!  I was a little saddened that they didn't have the watermelon juice advertised on their menu.  I got the pineapple juice instead - which actually seemed to be pineapple juice with carbonation in it - ick!Bar none though, the menu itself is worth going to see.  It is fantastic in its completely hysterical issues with the English language.  If you are looking for the beef randang (which you should), you will find it under 'Poultry.'  Their 'Vegetable' section is full of salted fish dishes and shrimp dishes.  Totally rocks.Its a touch pricier than I was expecting, but not out of control expensive.Oh and they give you rice in little bowls...  The domes of rice are immaculate!
Superb food!  It's my go-to place for Malaysian and I've have many good memories spent here and in their older location across the street.  My sister and her husband were the last customers I introduced to the menu and they were very happy.
Alas...I just went there a few days ago and I was sorely disappointed.  Something was definitely wrong.Been coming here for countless times in the last 7 years or so, and not as often since I moved away in the last 2 years.  My husband is from Malaysia and I really really enjoy authentic Malaysian food.  We decided long time ago that Nyonya was the most authentic, most all-around malaysian restaurants in the US that we've tried (which includes places in NY, philadelphia, DC, and SF bay area.)  Cleanliness of the place seemed always questionable but I forgave you because I really liked your food!I was happy to pay a visit again while I was on my business trip to NY, and the food was not the same.   AT ALL.  I ordered my favorites, char kway teow and lady finger belachan (yes, they are mismatched but i had to have them.)  I asked for kway teow extra spicy; but it came super mild and bland (did they even put any kechap manis?).  The only flavor it had was white pepper which was waaaaaaaay too much.  It tasted like a fried noodle from a bad chinese restaurant.  Belachan was much less spicy and oily compared to what it used to be.  Why water down?  I thought New Yorkers can appreciate the true, authentic flavors?I used to love you, nyonya.  Why the change??  Why???  I hope you'll get your act together to bring the amazing cuisine of malaysia to america like you used to.
They have gone up in price (like everywhere else) but still come in as tasty and usually authentic Malaysian food BUT now borderline 3 stars. Good service always.  The "blond" old  guy who seems to be the manager, might consider saying hello-at least once-to regular customers.
Great portions, cheap prices, fast service... already a winner.  The food might not have been terribly fantastic, but you really can't beat the good value deal here.Maybe I expected too much from the hyped-up roti canal.  I thought it was a little too much on the greasy side and the curry dipping sauce was a little too bland.  My claypot pearl noodles might not have been amazing but I had no complaints with it -- totally hit the spot, and basically finished everything in that pot except for a few noods.  The chow kueh teow was okay.  Surprisingly, the dish I liked the best was the curry chicken with rice -- I had no expectations for it, but I actually liked their spicy take on it better than the Japanese version.
The original location on Grand St. closed and they opened in a new spot right across from the old location.  Spacious and great for large group dinners.  My new favorite dish here is the big crab!  YUMMY.  The spicy sauce is delicious.  Food comes out fast and prices are very reasonable.  In addition to the giant crab dish, I liked the seafood pan fried noodles.  Call ahead for reservations if you have a really large party.
The new location at 199 Grand St. is a vast improvement over the old stall  at 194.  Food is still as authentic and delicious as I remember it to be and the ambiance has improve to a much more modern decor.  I have been to many Malaysian food in New York and this is definite the best, be sure to try the hainanese chicken and roti canai because it is the staple of Malaysian cuisine.
Malaysian cuisine.

Large menu, good food.  Dinner here is good with a large group, as they have the tables to accomodate you.  I wouldn't say it is the best Malaysian food I've ever had, it's good.  I really like the seafood fried rice here.  I was a latecomer at dinner, so I had someone order me the duck with garlic and scallions and it was decent, but the portions of meat were kinda small.  So I had to be the garbage man and finish up everyone else's food.  The appetizers were in good portions and the food was cook perfectly.  I would frequent again.
All I really remember is the Roti.  It was yummo to the 3rd power.The noodle dishes were good, i guess.  Maybe a bit too greasy?  Don't expect super fine service - it's a busy scene with lots of noise.  Can't beat the awesome prices, though.  I think the entire tab for my party of three was less than 25 bucks.
This restaurant serves what could be considered the national dish of Singapore, hainan chicken.  The chicken is passable for the real thing and comes in generous portions.  The shrimp noodles with shrimp broth, one of their specialties, was way too spicy and very shrimpy.  I would not recommend that dish.  A pork bone soup was also too salty and tasted like soy sauce.
Came here w/ an old college friend last night and had a great meal. Apparently she's been coming here for yrs while we were in school so this was her spot. I've never heard of Nyonya so after she told me we were coming here, I looked it up on yelp of course and see its quite popular and I even saw the Yelp sticker in the window when we got there which was cool. So of course we started of w/ the Roti Telur - OMG, so tasty, reminds me if my moms curry chicken  potatoes, but my moms is better! Nayh nayh! The ladies next to us had so yummy looking dishes and they recommended the Spareribs Malaysian Style - BOMB! I want more! Back off! damn that ish was good.My friend likes the Indian Mee Goreng (Indian style stir fried egg noodles in mild dried squid sauce w/ tofu, potatoes, shrimp, egg, bean sprouts,  peanut), it was aight, but I think my friend squeezed waay too much lemon on it and killed the true taste. I prob wouldn't order it again, looks like there are better dishes to try.This is my new go to spot in Chinatown
Don't know how to describe this other than saying sweet baby Jesus this is good.   Pretty much every person who's eaten here and written a review on yelp has mentioned the Roti Canai.  It is worth the extra 10 laps on the treadmill.  The beef rendang is irresistible as well and highly recommended, however I have no idea why the beef dish is listed under poultry.  If you love great Asian food AND don't mind the numerous  grammatical errors plentiful on the menu, this is the place to be.20070107 - OK so I go back for more Roti Canai ecstasy and decided to try something new - Curry pork ribs and Mango Chicken.  Holy #$% this place still amazes me.  The pork just falls off the bone and has the signature Asian flavor with Indian flare.  The flavor is deep through and through so it's not just marinated on the outside.  Even the sauce is nice to pour on your chicken rice or EVEN yourself.  The Mango chicken has freshly cut mangoes sliced length wise into strips or goodness to contrast with the saltiness of the chicken.  Unlike your typical places that overcook the chicken so it tastes like you're eating home depot plywood, the chicken is juicy, tender, flavorful with a good mixture of both white and dark meat.  Maybe if I find a dish that disappoints I will really tear them a new one... but for now this Malaysian dive is worth the trek.
5 stars for the Nyonya seafood rice noodles.  Scallops, shrimp, other seafaring goodies in a savory bed of capellini-thin rice noodles.  I get this every time.3 stars for the roti canai.  Sorry, I really wanted to love it, but it's just not the best roti I've had.  It's too chewy (dangerously close to rubbery, *gasp*!), although the curry that comes with it is dang tasty.A lot of the dishes here are cooked with shrimp paste, and therefore taste alike.  But that can be a good thing, if consistency is what you're after.  I have to agree with my dining partner's analysis: stick to the curries and the noodle dishes and you can't go wrong.Overall, Nyonya makes my tummy feel warm and fuzzy, so I keep going back.
Whenever I crave for 'Spicy  Crispy Squid', I hit up this place!  The Roti is delish along with the 'Shrimp and String beans' dishes! OMG!!! Always worth the trip down to C-town....Don't come here expecting service cuz it's non-existent which applies to just about every restaurant in C-town.  The food is reasonable and the staff is efficient.
OK asian restaurant in Chinatown. Nothing too interesting here, and nothing remarkable. But food is solid if you are craving some Malaysian for an ordinary week night. Staff is friendly and nice. Seating is roomy and clean.
Another place I have been going for years.Good prices, Great food, Descent servicewhat more can I say. Nice place to go for a quick bite to eat.I like their ginger chicken with rice. Always hits the spot and doesn't break the bank.They have a winning formula in my book.
Was worth the hassle of getting lost, traveling 10 blocks (okay, 20) in a big circle on a evening that was 20 below.Pleasantly surprised that there was no wait(The place was spacious).  The food warranted one.
I had my birthday here and I won't give it a five stars rating because I forgot to order (don't ask) and the waitress took her time for coming back to my table and get my order, I mean, I know I forgot, but I kept waving at her and she just ignored me! On my birthday! But she got my love back when she brought the cake with the candles.Now, the food, I tried some appetizers like the puffy shrimps, they were pretty good, and the roti canai (which is heaven!). The entrees are really good the pineapple rice is awesome, good ingredients and good flavor, the noodles were pretty good too. I had a nice time, not too expensive and I'll go back more often!
Well, it's Nyonya. So it's 90% Chinese food and 10% Malaysian, all good though. I've always shied away from here though since Penang is so, so close and they have better prices, friendlier employees and more open seats than Nyonya.Cute carry-out bags, though.
Really delicious Malaysian food for ridiculously low prices.  Every single time I go there, I am always surprised at how full and satisfied I am and how itty-bitty the check is!  Of course, the low prices is just one of the great things about this place.  There's a great variety of stuff on the menu that will satisfy the experienced eaters as well as those with more virginal palates.  Like everyone else, I always get the Roti Canai.  Other dishes I'm into include the Nasi Lemak, Ginger Duck Noodles, Shrimp with String Beans Malaysian Style.  The seafood dishes run on the pricier side (from the teens to low 20s), but the large majority of the dishes are well under $10. Nyonya doesn't take reservations but I've never had to wait too long.  There are plenty of tables (both big and small) and things turn over pretty quickly.  Also, it's cash only, but that's not a problem since you won't need more than a few bucks.
best malaysian cuisine in NYC !! love it
Dear Yelpers, you had me doubting my fidelity to Penang on Elizabeth Street, a Malaysian resto I had pledged my loyalty for nearly all the ten years I've lived in New York City. I've never wavered. OK, it wasn't just you, my brother said it was better as well.Well, since I've joined Yelp, I cheated on Penang...twice...with Nyonya, to make sure I wasn't missing out. Sure, the waitresses speak English and can articulate to the customers about the dishes and spices and ingredients. Sure, the food was spicier than Penang's. Sure, it has roti canai. Sure, they cheerfully switched out egg noodles for rice noodles when I asked.But Penang's menu is more varied. Malaysian cuisine is based on the layering on complementary flavors--spicy without the same level of flavors is a traversty...or Thai food.And the worst insult: I actually had to sit next to a couple who discussed extensively whether to order sweet and sour chicken. You heard me! Sweet and sour chicken!!...in a Chinatown restaurant...in freakin' New York City!! Good thing they went with the sarang burung instead, or I would have cried in my flavorless, but spicy prawn mee--a noodle soup so flavorless that I order a roti canai AFTER the main course to satisfy my palate.Penang, baby, I return to your warm, spicy, flavorful bosom.PS--Penang is also cheaper..., which cheers my frugal Asian sensibilities. Really, I am just poor for the moment.
Nonya was a good surprise for me, offering an upscale, authentic experience for near-bargain basement prices.  The prices were great with most entrees coming in under $10.  The food was excellent, offering authentic Malyasian food instead of generic pad thai and South Asian dishes you see at many restaurants at the same price level claiming to be from a particular region.  Decor is also very good too, as they recently moved across the street to a different building with a renovated interior.  Only con is that they don't take credit card, which is understandable for smaller parties due to the fairly low price of a meal.  But they should really have the option for larger groups or those who purchase a minimum amount of food.  Overall, a solid choice in Chinatown to get away from the regular Chinese/Vietnamese joints and tourist trap Little Italy area.
4 roti canai1 sataypad thaiASSAM IKAN BILISbeef randangMASAK LEMAKbeersAll amazing delicious, All for under $100..5 very satisfied people!
Sigh...and I thought it would be amazing Singaorean/Malaysian/Indonesian food.  But, this place is actually just another branch of Penang once I looked at the menu closer, except that the Penang in Boston serves much better food.
I went with a group of 5-6 friends on "feast day" in Little Italy for dinner. The service was extremely accommodating, they seated us within thirty minutes (although I would have preferred Italian food on that precise day of the year, we somehow wound up in Nyonya, lol!!). We ordered, and ordered, and ordered! So much food! There were so many choices (the menu is sizable) It was all delicious, well prepared, just a very crowded and cramped venue because everyone was attempting to escape the huge celebrations and revelry happening outside. There was a huge line outside, and I hear that the line is usually that length (not just for a bunch kids attempting to escape from the drunken italians), but still tolerable.     Parking was an absolute pain. Just. Don't. Drive.
I had dinner here with a friend tonight. The food was great. We both had the pad thai and it was delicious. The service was not that great which is why I only gave it 3 stars. When our order was taken, the waitress walked away before we could tell her our drink orders and when she came back and we asked for drinks, she acted as if it were a hugh inconvenience for her. Maybe she was having a bad day or maybe it was just that one server. I would definitely give it a second chance though b/c like I said, the food was great!!
One of our favorite places in china town ! The curry mee is fabulous and u get a very generous portion.
This place is great - the food tastes authentic - just like in Malaysia - and the prices are to die for. The servers are efficient without being intrusive - in short, we had a great evening and I will definitely come back for more! A great find in Little Italy.
this is a great go-to group restaurant. dependably delicious food, fast service, and cheap by manhattan standards. we always get the roti (it's fun to eat) and the hainanese chicken with rice. it's simple, healthy, and yummy. personally, i really enjoy the "nasi lemak" (coconut rice flavored with cloves  crew-pine leaves. served with chili anchovy, pickle, curry chicken with bone and hard boiled eggs). it's only $6.50 and i like the variety.
Nyonya takeout is a monthly thing for me.  The beef rendang, curried beef, roti cani,  peanut dessert are savory!  On the other hand I'm not a picky eater, I once ordered the Asam Laksa and nearly gagged.  Don't do it
i've been here twice and neither time participated in the actual choosing and ordering of items (if a menu is more than 2 pages long i tend to get overwhelmed), but it was pretty good the first time and the second time i got punched in the face with deliciousness!definitely get the sarang burong, which is all sorts of meat and veggies in a taro basket.  what's a taro basket?a fried basket of mashed tasty-ness made of a strange root vegetable, that's what.it's been a few days since i've been here but i keep dreaming about the sarang burong.  mmmm......went with 4 friends and everyone was stuffed to the gills and even had a beer each, and the total came out to a measly $25/person including a generous tip.
I don't go to NY Chinatown often because it's really overwhelming and I haven't gotten the side streets down (other than where the A/C dumps you out on Canal) BUT my aunt and uncle took me to Nyonya once last year and last week I took about 5 friends for a nice little graduation outing.First off, this is a great place to bring large groups of people. Plenty of round tables in the back. Granted that we went on a Tuesday night (though the place was still busy) the wait was just enough to let everyone in my party trickle in. (About 10-15 mins?) We ordered a ton of food, so I can't remember the names of all the dishes--but I can definitely second that the Roti totally kicks a555. We started off with 2 orders, and ended with 4. I can literally eat buckets of this!! If I was really on a budget and eating here by myself, I'd order a roti and a bowl of rice to finish off the curry. =DOther things on the table was the Prawn Mee, yum. A foil wrapped garlic/spicy squid, yum. This is also a good place for your vegetarian friends who likes seafood. We went through the evening without any meat (ha, I guess the Roti curry doesn't count) and only 1 of my friends was vegetarian. They have a small wine selection, we got a bottle (but they thought we said a glass??) Even though there were some small mixups here and there, the service was solid. In terms of drinks, we also got some Malaysian ice teas...which is pretty much the same as Thai iced tea but waaayy waayy less on the (sometimes) potent flavor.We had 6 people total, we got about 4 of those Rotis and 6 or so entrees + a bottle of wine and some iced teas. Came out to 20 bucks a person including tax and tip. Not bad!Stay for awhile and head across the street to Ferrara's for dessert!
Can't say much more here given that Nyonya seems to be quite the hot spot for Yelpers... 55 reviews!  Like a lot of other folks, enjoyed my dining experience here.  Except for the tacky decor of the place, there's nothing to really complain about here... the menu is extensive (almost overwhelming with so many dishes to choose from!), offers a great selection of southeastern asian fare, and it's quite cheap!  I had to get the Roti Canai given all the props it got on Yelp and yep, it was pretty damn good.  I was quite tempted to order a few more of these just for myself but I refrained given everything my group of friends and I had ordered.  Most of the dishes were quite tasty (but a bit on the greasy side, but that's probably why it was good!).... the only thing I wouldn't recommend is the Mango Chicken -- not enough chicken and too much sauce (sweet  sour like) that basically drenched and masked the flavor of any other ingredients.  If you're on a budget, hungry, and sick of the usual family style Chinese food, definitely check out Nyonya... great place for a group to get their grub on.
Pretty good malaysian food. The pancake and curry sauce was amazing. The other dishes were good. The pad thai was average. Place is really clean and service was good. If you want malaysian food and a quiet atmosphere to get away from the hustle and bustle of the street, this is a great place to go.
Great Malaysian food with a huge menu and reasonable price range. I love their roti canai, and I love love the coconut pudding for dessert, it's cold, super refreshing and goes down nicely.
SOOO cheap! Extensive menu with variety... VERY casual. Food was really good. I got the Singapore noodles which was very tasty! Usually... Malaysian/ethnic food repeats on me for hrs. However, I did not retaste the meal again! (which was a great thing). would return.... Have returned and still excellent. We ordered the Roti Telur, Nyona Satay, Chow Kueh Teow (surprisingly light), and the Beef Rendang (very tender). I usually dislike ordering beef  chicken from asian places as sometimes it tastes rubbery and fatty. NOT THIS PLACE. For dessert we opted for Pulut Hitam. SO GOOD. Beyond expectations. My boyfriend is not a fan of Malyasian/etc yet this place didn't make him think twice. Plus, all that for $36! Also, super fast!
This is now my FAVORITE place for malaysian food... move over, Penang Chinatown!Cheap, fast, and delicious in a casual setting.Roti Canai is a must have. its perfectly crispy. I always order seafood tom yum noodle soup (whenever i go to malaysian restaurants) and i am happy to say it is absolutely perfect here. Tangy, with a good mix of seafood, and just the right amount of noodles and soup!Minus one star because it is cash only!!
I don't remember ever tasting a Malaysian dish before, so this particular cuisine is very new to me. However, I really enjoyed the food. We ordered Roti Canai as an appetizer and fried noodles but I don't recall the name. I do remember that everything was delicious, satisfying and cheap. There is definitely a room to improve in service. But it was worth the visit. I would definitely go back!
have come here with my fam, friends and the bf on numerous occasions for a quick, cheap and tasty meal. it's become my default place if I'm in Chinatown and don't know where to eat! my faves are the roti canai, nasi lemak (love the coconut rice and hard boiled egg on the side), mee siam, clay pot noodles.
This place only takes reservations for 7 or more it's open until 11pm so we arrived late enough to not have to wait.  It's a cash only place and the staff are language challenged.  The best chance they had of understanding me was when I put on my faux Malaysian accent.  Well, now that all the extraneous pleasantries out of the way.The food that we ordered was both delicious and authentic.  Beef Rendang was worthy of any Malay home and our guilty little pleasure of ordering Chilean Sea Bass was tasty down the the last morsel.  Even the chicken broth flovoured rice was a delight.As impressed I was with the Entrees, the stand out dishes were the appetisers.  Roti Canai, Lo Bak and satay was a stark reminder of how much I miss eating out in South East Asia.  I would definitely go back to try out some of my other favourites.
Yummy!I loved the food here. It reminded me of Penang, which used to be on 3rd Ave. The service was fine and the portions large. The prices were out of this world. Of course a bowl of rice should only cost a buck, but I can't remember the last time I saw it priced so cheaply, especially not coconut or brown rice. We ordered the roti cani, curried spare ribs, some tasty dish that consisted of fried shrimp, tofu and pork , coconut rice (2) and green tea ice cream. The bill came up to less than $30.00.Can't wait to go back!
I visited several malaysian restaurants in NYC and this was my fav.  The hainan chicken was just the way I like it.  Moist, tender, and slippery!
Food was good and they were able to cater to vegetarians by removing meat or broths. Not as tasty as the photos. I would rate Nyonya 3 1/2.
This is one of those New York City Restaurants that makes you feel like a real New Yorker. It is authentic and the food is great. Nothing fancy here, it is great for a first date or a casual office dinner. Their fish dishes are really good. If you go you MUST order the Roti Canai, a chicken curry appetizer. YumSummery out of 5Food: 5Decor: 3Service: 3$ Dirt Cheap to $$$$$ Ridiculously PriceyPrice: $$
I may be a little biased because I love Malaysian food.  The mix of Malay, Chinese, Indian...mmmmmmmmmmm!You can't go wrong with the Roti Canai, Chow Kueh Teow, Hainanese Chicken With Rice (white meat please) or Crispy Golden Fried Squids.I also like the Indian Mee Goreng, Prawn Mee, Spicy Thai Chicken Rice (which is just the Hainanese Chicken With Rice with some sauce on it) and Beef Rendang over rice. Also, they have Tiger Beer!I like this place for groups because the prices are pretty cheap.It's cash only; they don't take credit cards.
My absolute favourite Malaysian restaurant in NY (and also because it's closest to the 6 train). The char kway teow is really really good (can't quite decide if they do it better or curry leaf in Flushing, theirs is really flavourful but the only downside is Nyonya doesn't have cockles in them!), as with most other stuff (fried rice, fish soup noodles, prawn noodles, asam laksa). The curry yong tau fu is really good too, just eat it slowly in case you choke on the chili! You can order the dried wanton mee with char siew (dried is not on menu but you can ask for it) which was superb the first time I tried it but the noodles was overdone the 2nd time. My friends and I also always get the black glutinous rice dessert (bubur pulut hitam), absolutely to-die-for!!!A group of friends also had a huge feast over chinese new year, where I got to try tonnes of stuff, and all is good (e.g. tofu on hot plate, roti prata, kangkung belachan, etc etc!). Try the milk tea - very good too!Oh, I wouldn't really recommend their dark hokkien mee, quite a disappointment, but not enough for me to take them off their 5 star rating!All in all, this is definitely the place to go when I got a craving for food back home!!!
A friend invited me to dinner here because they were very familiar with all of Nyonya's branches and thought I should try it.  We had barely started on our appetizers and the food came.  The food overall was ok - I've had better but it's definitely a quick and cheap place to eat with friends.  The menu is extensive (they even gave one that had pictures of food only).  There is something for everyone in terms of food.  If you are with a big crowd this can be a good place as they have big tables to seat large groups but I suspect it can get crowded.  I went on a Wednesday around 7ish and it was decently filled.  I think this place is worth a try but if you want authentic great Malyasian food - eh - maybe go someplace else.
What can I say - This place is super awesome. And legit - so if you don't know what the hell you're ordering dont be upset if you get something you didnt ask for. This is not for people who are looking form some PANDA Express. its always crowded and usually a wait of 15- 30 minutes especially during the dinner rush. I've had horrifying Malaysian food before so this is the only place where ima get my malay on. I totally reccomend the Tom Yum seafood soup. I'm getting super hungry just thinking about it... I'd give them another star if it werent for the wait time for a table.
Surprisingly chic decor. My prior experiences in the Chinatown/Little Italy neighborhood have been a little more "old school." Nyonya is refreshingly "young and hip." I enjoyed my food but wasn't wowed by it. Quite frankly, I can't even remember what it was (udon-like noodles in a brown sauce) but if I happened to be in the Chinatown area, I would probably come here. However, I would probably avoid using their restrooms as the stalls are made of frosted glass. Awkward...
Just had a delicious lunch as usual.  Love the spicy eggplants with shrimp and okra with shrimp!!
I was reluctantly introduced to Nyonya last year and I have since become addicted. I am one of those people who likes really simple and predictable food.  I always order the Haianese Chicken, Coconut Rice and Roti Canai and I am never disappointed! It's a good price, fast delivery, a lot of food, and everything is always consistently good - flavor, temperature, service and all in all, a very practical, healthy and delicious option for one. :)
Went to this place for dinner with my brother and a co-worker, and DANG, the food was delicious. Started with the Roti and that was really good.  I like the Roti at the old location a little bit better only because the sauce came with more chicken in it.  For dinner we ordered NYONYA ASSAM FISH HEAD , SHRIMPS W. LADIES FINGERS MALAYSIAN STYLE, NYONYA HOUSE SPECIAL SQUIDS, all of these dishes were amazing.  I def will be coming back to this place.  My brother who has never had Malaysian food before was in love with this place.  He couldn't stop talking about it on our way home.  Keep up the great work Nyonya!!!
I really like the spacious venue and interior.  We ordered the beef rendang and meesam (i don't think i spelled either of those correctly...) and our appetizer (forget the name).  All were tasty and good.  The noodle dish tasted similar to pad thai and the beef tasted like indian curry.  I didn't know malaysian food would taste so similar to thai/indian cuisine.  Or maybe that's something an inexperienced american would say (for that i apologize).  LIKE!
I love the Roti and the curry dip. It is so cheap and so filling. You even get chicken. 2 of those will fill you up BUT there is so much great food there and so tasty!Highly recommended.
I'm not at all proficient with Malaysian cuisine, but I was really pleased with my lunch at Nyonya.We started off our lunch with veggie spring rolls and the roti with curry. The first was light, and golden to a crisp; the latter was super flaky and delicious! For entrees, we just shared a dish of their beef chow fun, and I was impressed by how tender the beef was -- as if it had been slow cooked for hours prior to our discovering the place.All in all, a good meal during a hectic day of errands, plus very cordial service!Tip: Be prepared to pay in cash, they don't accept anything else.
Although I have not tried that many Malaysian restaurants in Manhattan, I have to admit that this place hit the spot for me and has made a wonderful first impression on me.   Took wifey out in the afternoon to this sport and we ordered the roti canai and their chicken wings for appetizers to start things off.  The Roti Canai were delicious and came in a nice portion for 2 people.  The chicken wings were also great.  We also ordered the rice and chicken dish along with fried pearl noodle.  We came away with great satisfaction and a full stomach.  Cant really go wrong with a place like this when most of the dishes on the menu are fairly reasonable and the place looks presentable inside.
I'd eaten here when I first moved to NY but somehow forgot about it until I was starving from shopping with my family in Soho and my trusty blackberry yelp app pointed me to Nyonya as a nearby restaurant.  We had two orders of the roti canai, which I usually love but was slightly disappointed with here because the pancake was a little hard and not as soft and chewy as they should have been.  For entrees, we had the chow kueh teow (stir fried flat noodles), prawn mee, singapore rice noodles and the pineapple fried rice.  We really enjoyed everything but I think the most unique dish was the prawn mee, noodles in a spicy shrimp broth.  I'm not sure that everyone will like this because the broth is very shrimp-y but I found it to be very flavorful and rich.
awesome for opening later than most restaurants in chinatown. roti canal... a little too thin for my liking, but boy is it chewy and the curry the comes with it is great. i always order the hainanese chicken as i believe it's one of the best, if not the best in manhattan. not many other dishes in particular have impressed me...
Awesome food! service was great and it was a good atmosphere. Try the Coconut ice cream.
i've been here many times and each time i get different treatment. sometimes i am rushed and sometimes the waiters dont even realize we're there. the service heavily relies on where you sit in the restaurant. i was so far back once that i was easily in their sight near the kitchen and they brought my check out before my food was cleared. that was rude and uncalled for. another time i sat by the window in the front and that's probably the worst place to sit for service. they dont really see you and they wont bother checking on you other than when they first bring the food out. my fave things to order are always shrimp puffs, roti canai, hainese chicken and the seafood chow fun. the hainese chicken was the worse i've ever had. rough tough and tasteless yellow chicken. the seafood chow fun didnt have much flavor and was really bland the whole way through. i prefer mine flavored with lots of taste and garlic. the roti canai is abit on the spicy side but thats fine for me. the flakyness was nice too. i was just really disappointed after being a regular for so long that their quality has gone downhill
When there this past weekend for the first time since they moved. Love the decor and the food. Price is very resonable. Must order item is the Indian pancake.
I luv the food at this place.  I used to go there more often before they moved across the street.  But ever since they moved to the new location, the service is horrible.  The staff is extremely rude and not helpful like I'm trying to beg them to give me recommendations on their food or beg them to take my order because I really want their Malaysian food.  Well, I think with this type of service, I feel better eating from Penang which offers the same type of cuisine with better service.  Not to mention ever since they moved, the portions shrank.  I order a take out and only half of the container was filled with noodles.  I definitely would recommend Penang for a better hospitality than this crappy stuck up place.
I like this place, although I usually just order the dish they call "Sesame Chicken." Sesame chicken here is not the same as sesame chicken in your normal chinese/malaysian place. This is actually minced chicken and shrimp formed into a patty. It is pretty good, and the waitperson always tells me what it is, even though it says on the menu, because I think a lot of people order without reading the description. In fact, the menu has a lot of items that reccomend that you consult with your server before ordering the item. Also remember to bring cash, because they don't take credit, debit, or diner's club. Prices are good.
delicious pineapple fried rice with extra anything. it is so good. the roti canai is absolutely tasty and so is the bacon wrapped shrimp.  we order from here a lot and will continue to do so. the menu is huge and we are planning on trying everything.
AMAZING sizzling tofu dish.  almost as if it was made out of sweet egg custard... all of their other dishes were fantastic and the price was very reasonable.
I'm convinced that besides there being no outstanding Vietnamese food in NYC, there's also no outstanding Malaysian food either. The food here very mediocre at best. Nothing on their menu blew me away. Did I mention their portions are small for the price you pay? It's another one of those overrated Zagat restaurants. They have framed Zagat awards from every year plastered all over their wall as you walk in. Must be good right? You would think the food here is amazing since most of the clientele are mostly Asian, but don't always use that as a gauge. Asian people who go to Asian restaurants can have bad taste or lower standards in food too. The service here could be more attentive. The waiters don't look at you to see if you need anything and they look away when they walk by you. You have to sternly flag them down to get service. I did receive my food quickly though after I placed my order. Otherwise I don't think I will be coming back.
An affordable find in one of the most tourist-laden parts of Manhattan. Not knowing there would be a wait, we didn't call ahead. With 4 families ahead of us, our wait was a meager 15 minutes. The food is great and served family style; my girlfriend and my parents definitely bonded over sharing their dishes. The fresh coconut, while delicious, was expensive at $4.50 each. My favorite dish out of the 4 we ordered was sizzling beef, but here is a word of warning: read the reviews to find a dish. The menu is a lengthy read, and multiple run-throughs leave you wondering what you want.
They have roti done right. I can also always rely on them for quality rake out. The bathrooms at their new location are a little weird. Its the bathroom stalls to be exact - they are made of translucent glass (kind of like a shower stall). Due to this choice of design, you can pretty much make out the entire silhouette of someone taking a dump at every stage of the process.
The decor was pleasant. With one exception, the food was delightful. Lobster with ginger and scallions was perfectly prepared. The mango shrimp was just spicy enough. Roti Canai appetizer was a great starter. Service was good. Returned a seafood [clams w/black bean sauce] dish without rancor. The manager was nice and gave me suggestions for a replacement dish. The prices were reasonable and I will return.
The temptations, when will it ever stop?! Damn you!!So there I was that one day walking down the Mulberry street after some random shopping for something to wear for an event that night, I saw the Nyonya sign, of course my eyes light up. Why?! Because I know what it is. Nyonya is a malaysian term which translate to Miss or Young Lady. And No, My eyes didn't light up for that purpose. It's not a whorehouse, It's a Malaysian restaurant.I ordered the Mee Goreng. It's a stir fried yellow noodle with dark sweet soy sauce with chinese sausage, been sprouts, and shrimps, and it comes with a side of a hard boiled egg cut in half. Oh man, this is as good as it gets. For a moment there, I thought I was in the South east Asia, it tasted so good. What's damage for that feeling? Only under ten bucks. You asked why and what's the catch? To answer that question....read after this.You don't deserve good times when you think and ask too much. You've just passed good times.btw Nyonya, You deserve 5 stars. One star off for being so FAR FAR away from me in New York and one star off for not calling me back.
beef rendang and roti are as good as people say.  pineapple fried rice and the noodle dish we had were good but not great.  definitely will go back - the key at a place like this is to try a bunch of stuff and find the couple killer dishes.  you now know 2 already.
I have only been here once many months ago but all I can say is that I had one of the most memorable tofu dishes at this joint. The Sizzling Nyonya Tofu is out of this world! One of the reasons it was so awesome is probably because the dish also has pork and shrimp in it....What can I say...I am not a true vegetarian! Anyway, atmosphere is 3 stars but the 5 star tofu and 4 star roti canai make the experience very worthwhile. And it's cheap...what a combo!
Terrible service, they do not deserve their Michelin recommendation.  Very inconsistent in portioning especially.  They rush you even if you order more than two entrees.  Not any better in the end than any other authentic Malay restaurant.  Better stick to the fare in Chinatown for Asian or with Italian if in Lil Italy.
Love the curry beef over rice and the indian pancakes..mmmmhmm!
I got the duck here and it tasted like beef stew. However, the coconut drink is good and you can have someone cut the cocount in half for you for a desert.
food here is very good. my favorites are the poh piah, hainanese chicken, mango chicken, garlic chicken, sauteed watercress with bean curd sauce and many more. food here is very tasty and the prices are reasonable . too bad the bf doesn't like the food here otherwise I would eat here more often! (he complains there's too much msg)
Been here a few times, and I have to say I love the price. The food was good but not great. Had the Asam Laksa, though I did enjoy it, was a tad sweet. But that's just me. Tried other few dishes too but none of it stuck to my memory. In most cases, you can tell a good restaurant apart by looking at the way they treated their most common ingredient which in this case is the humble rice. The rice was mediocre, dry and dull. Sad I know. I'm not complaining though since I've tasted worse rice in some restaurants back in my homeland country in Malaysia but I digress. Overall, if you're craving affordable Malaysian this is a great place to go. Oh btw, if you ever get bored of the usual Roti Canai, please do try their Nyonya Young Tofu with chicken broth. You won't regret it especially during winter!
Excellent Malaysian Restaurant to go to when you're looking for something a bit away from the prototypical east asian menu.
Simply put - Great food, inexpensive, lightning fast service. Enough said.
I've only had the chicken pad thai here but it is SOSOSO good!! I love pad thai, but this is the best I've ever had. It's a little bit spicy, but not overpowering, and is super delicious. I'm afraid to try other things on the menu because I'm afraid I'll be disappointed and want the pad thai!!
So I came here the other day for lunch. I ordered the sambal shrimp and the roti canai. Not sure if it was just a once off, but the roti canai was probably one of the worst I've had. After reading the reviews, it probably was. The roti was rubbery and crunchy? It just broke straight off. Also, once it got cold (after 5 minutes), the roti was hard and literally inedible. It was like it was re-heated and not freshly made. However, the curry sauce was good. I wish the roti was edible enough for me to finish the curry. I ended up eating the curry with my rice. :(I also expected a little better from the sambal shrimp. Possibly a little spicier and less sweet? Also, the shrimp seemed a little unfresh. They weren't very fresh. Also, I felt all I was eating were the peppers and onion.It's not as packed for lunch (which was the up-side to this experience), but maybe with it being packed, I might get better/fresher food? As I said before, maybe it was just a bad cooking day? Let's hope next time it's better!
We really liked this restaurant and it was really inexpensive.  The Roti Canai, of course, was delicious.  But I especially liked the Beef Rendang!  Within five minutes, the tables on both sides of us had asked what it was and whether it was good (it was, it was!).  We also had a a shrimp / soupy noodle dish but I didn't like that as much (not so into the dried shrimp... too fishy)My four year old had a kid-friendly noodle dish with shrimp, and she was very happy... funny, her favorite dish is Pad Thai but here they make it really spicy?We will be back on our next trip to NY.
Ate a quick lunch earlier at Nyonya.  The Nyonya Rojak was a fruit salad that included Jicama, Mango, cucumber, squid, and lots of fish sauce.  The fish sauce aroma rises up strongly from the dish, as the waitress cautions, but it is more an aroma and not as strong in its taste.  The jicama and cucumber also help balance the flavor in this cold dish.The Tomyam soup was spicy and enjoyable seasoned with cilantro, but i enjoy the straight-up thai version better.We also had the Hainanese chicken, Nyonya Fried Tofu, and Clay Pot Noodles were also tasty.
For cheap Malaysian food, this is the place to go!!  My faves are the roti canai, the chow gue diew, the malaysian iced tea, and the satay tofu!  It's sooo good and so worth your money.  It's good for big groups, cuz there is a very happening vibe going on with the bamboo decor.  The wait for a table is never long, but one drawback is that they take cash only.
Delivery from this place is always such a freaken let down.  I dont understand how the quality of food can change so dramaticaly from dining in.  Roti Canai is super good.
This place is just alright.  I was quite disappointed by the On-Choy, which tasted like it was stir-fried in reused oil.  However, the other dishes were adequate - Beef Rendang, Roti Canai, Hainanese Chicken.
The reviews are true. This was seriously the best "Chinese" food I've had in manhattan. Family friendly. Awesome.
We were tourist to NYC.  We just finished Greenwich village and little Italy.  Hungry, thirsty, and legs are tired. Just want a place to sit down, have some water and eat (something oriental).  This place did more than that for us.  It was clean, waiters are friendly and efficient, the food was very good.  And it was not expensive.  We were totally rejuvenated and ready to explore.
My vigorous five-star rating doesn't mean Nyona is a tribeca-must-try, or that its authenticity is insurmountable; simply that it does a very decent job of putting together a dining experience with value, ambiance and sabor. Unique and interesting enough to draw a crowd; priced so that nobody will complain about splitting the bill family-style.
It was my birthday and my husband wanted to treat me to something fancy in NY. Instead, I wanted something casual but good. I'm so glad we went to Nyonya, it was the best birthday meal ever!! Between the two of us, we went all out :D We (or more like I) ordered roti canai, asam laksa, kangkung belacan, fish head curry, and es cendol. All were so yummy that went to my happy tummy!! I would frequent this place more if I lived here...
every time we visit this place, we always walk away with a funny feeling in our stomachs...The portions are not that big yet you feel so bloated and full after your meal...unfortunately a short  hour later u are hungry again!! and u can't get that taste nor memory of NyOnyaaaaaa out of ur mouth.   That is the golden addiction power of MSG.  You will find yourself thirsty for the rest of the night and wake up in the morning with a dry mouth - panting like a dog for water.
The food actually tasted pretty good. I ordered the Shrimp w. String Beans over rice. The problem is that they gave me 95% string bean and only FOUR TINY pieces of shrimp. I guess the economy must've hit them pretty hard or maybe it's the oil spill....My co worker got some Shrimp Noodle and they gave very little as well.The Hainan Chicken rice was awesome though!
I continue to come back to Nyonya and always enjoy the food. I think my favourite dishes are the whole fish steamed and served in a sauce. Be warned the fish are priced per pound and so these dishes are more expensive than others. A whole fish easily feeds more than one person and generally the food here is best shared. The Roti starter is a great nibble so order one as soon as you sit down so you can eat whilst studying the huge overwhelming menu.The service is very blunt. Don't go in expecting anything and you won't be disappointed.  They get your order as fast as possible, then only pay you the minimum of attention before pushing you out the door. I suppose this is normal for China Town...?The other problem here is the noise. The interior is decked out in wood to give it the Malaysian feel(?) but it's generated a vast noise box. On a busy night you almost need to shout to people sitting at your own table.You'll have to wait for a table on busy nights but the line moves fast.So I like the food but it loses a star for everything else.
Sometimes I can be really lazy. The good people at Nyonya know this. I can't count how many times I pop downstairs to Nyonya just for a quart of white sticky rice rather than walk the 4 blocks to the grocery store and buy a whole bag of it that would last me the entire year. Those bags are heavy though. When I walked in last night the guy saw me and immediately said 'large white rice?'. I declined, and instead ordered some real food: roti canai (thanks to you yelpers), chicken satay and beef rendang. The roti canai was good, considering I didn't really know what to expect-- 3 chunks of chicken, 3 chunks of potato, in a sort of mild curry sauce. It came with a giant pancake to rip and dip. At $2.25 you can't go wrong.The chicken satay was your normal chicken satay. Five or six skewers of charred meat, waiting to be dipped in peanut sauce. Decent but I've had better.The beef rendang was my riskiest choice, since I had no idea what it was, but it turned out to be the best of the three: large pieces of beef (beef stew type chunks) in a dark brown coconut milk based sauce, heavily spiced with coriander, lemongrass and some clove. Yum.There was only one problem: After we ate all the meat we were left with tons of sauce and no rice to enjoy it with. Two minutes later, back at Nyonya I was greeted with 'Now you want rice?'. Yes, yes I did.**Warning! In the past I ordered their golden sesame chicken since it sounded so interesting. This is a scary (minced shrimp and minced chicken somehow melded together into square pieces, with a strip of real chicken skin on one side ewww) and fairly yucky tasting dish. At least to this spoiled American palate. Beware!**
My friends and I ended up here after trying to go to Penang on Elizabeth Street and finding out that it was closed.Nyonya was my first experience with Malaysian food, and I have to say that I was very pleased with it. Like most of the other patrons in the restuarant, we just ordered a bunch of stuff for our table to share.Like everyone else said, the roti canai is excellent. The roti telur is fabulous too (its like an omlette inside of the roti dough). There is no way I am going to remember all of the other stuff that we ordered, but it was all pretty tasty.  The best things we got were a noodle dish and sizzling tofu dish.Great price too...3 apps, 4 entrees and a bottle of wine...and we each paid just over $20 (which included a huge tip). Not too shabby.
Roti canai is a definite staple when dining Malaysian. However there was this one waitress a while back who was quite a prick and service is a bit slow. Other than that the food was awesome. Too bad I can't remember what I ordered last time otherwise I'd recommended something.I take it back! I just went back a few days ago and their service was horrid. The waiters left out 4 of our initial orders and after we reminded them we only received 2 of the missing dishes which we were charged for anyway until we mentioned it to them. The dishes we did receive though were direly lacking in portions. The food tasted good but unfufilling
Being deprived of any good, decent Singapore/Malaysian cuisine in months ever since I got here - J arrived in NY tonight, hungry  cold. He was told to check out Nyonya from a fellow Singaporean living in NY whom he met in Boston. Yes, that was a lil confusing.Anyways, we went. It was packed but we didn't wait long - about 15mins for a table of 2 on a Friday night at around 8pm. After much deliberation and my constant salivation at the menu, we decided on the following:Roti ChanaiHainanese Chicken RiceMee SiamAll turned out pretty good. Except the Mee Siam wasn't too authentic - it came as a fried noodle rather than a noodle in sauce. Nevertheless it was yummy and comfort food for our tummies, especially my Singaporean home-grown tummy.I'm definitely coming back to try the laksa, the peanut pancake (which was sold out tonight), satay, the hokkien noodles, beef rendang and about 98% of the menu. YUM YUM YUM! Finally, a decent South East Asian restaurant. YAY!!!
best beef rendang ever. but prices are getting higher while the portions are getting smaller.
When I go out for Chinese food, I generally don't want to linger. I want my food and I want it fast - these places aren't meant for a long dinner full of drinks and rich conversation and I appreciate it. Even if insanely fast service may put a bad taste in your mouth, not to worry, because the food here is outrageously good. I went with a group of 5, where we were seated in about 20 minutes at 7:30 PM on a Friday night. We ordered the beef rendang, at the suggestion of other Yelpers, and sweet jesus was it good. It was perhaps the best beef dish that I have ever had in my entire life. We were all scooping up the leftover sauce to put on top of our rice; we really couldn't get enough of it! The pad thai and Singapore noodles were equally delicious, as well as the bacon wrapped shrimp puffs. I repeat: bacon wrapped shrimp puffs. They were right on par with the beef - who doesn't like something that is wrapped in bacon and fried? This is a great place to take out of towners for a taste of what NYC has to offer.
I returned to Nyonya after having eaten there about a decade ago.  I was impressed by its trendier decor, but disappointed by its food and higher prices.  I think the key is lower quality ingredients.  The beef in the beef rending (one of its popular dishes) was tough and the quality of the chicken in the  curry chicken was not great either.  The hainese chicken (another popular dish) was bland.  The roti and shrimp w/ string beans were delicious, but it's hard to mess up these dishes.  I will not be returning soon.
How can you resist this Malaysian feast at low prices?Bring cash because they don't like credit.  Get the roti Canai.  The popular noodle dish, beef rendang, the whole fish is quite good.Good for groups!  This is a fun and loud place.If you've never had Malaysian food go here now.
This place was fantastic.  Real roti cani - not from a package like most places.  Great curry.  Definitely recommended.
I came to know about Nyonya thanks to Yelp. So my friend and I went for the adventure.To our utter astonishment, the menu was soo long, it required some studying! After all it boasted some exotic dishes like fish head soups, frog legs and chicken feet. After some deliberation, we shared roti and beef Satai for an appetizer, for the main meal we ordered mango chicken  salad and clay pot chicken dish. Everything would have been fine until the waiters' bizzarre behavior. Pretty much 4 people stood very close to our table, staring at us as if listening to our conversation, and really looking into our plates. They impatiently snatched the empty plates away, not giving us time to enjoy. Then one of th waitresses conversed with us and asked a lot of personal questions, which seemed unprofessional. We felt like we were stripped of privacy there, couldn't keep up our own talk. When I asked to box up my food to go, I saw the same strange waitress spike my food with something like salt (or maybe MSG), what the hell is this?Food quality was good (when it was first served) and atmosphere was inviting but...Don't stare at me or spike my food, just let me eat in privacy, people!
I've been here several times and always had a good-to-great experience, but after my lunch yesterday, I'll be looking elsewhere.My laksa was fine and the roti canai was a tasty delight, but my friend's beef rendang came with a thick, visible slick of orange grease on the top and rimming the plate.  She had a bit of the beef and told me it was fatty, tough, and gristley.  I ate one bite and agreed with her.  When we pointed this out to the waitress she told us that this was "authentic" and the dish was supposed to be that way (greasy and tough?  I'm not Malaysian but I doubt this is "real" Malaysian cooking).  She then refused to allow my friend to substitute another dish because she had already eaten too much off the original plate.   Like I said, we had eaten two pieces total of the dish (which, for 12.95, was a ridiculously small serving.  "And such small portions!' -- Woody Allen).  After much discussion, my friend was allowed to order another dish on the house (she chose a 7.00 lunch special, which was fine), but when we got the bill the 12.95 beef rendang was still on it.  I have only sent food back at a restaurant maybe twice before this (I work in food service).  I literally cannot believe the grief we went through to politely return a dish that was clearly made improperly.  I don't want to argue with a server about whether or not I've eaten 'too much' of a dish that is visibly awful.  Unless you enjoy that experience, don't go here.
This is my first time to Nyonya's spacious new location.  The most amazing dish here is the seafood combination casserole with the deep-fried mashed taro shell nest.   The Indian pancake filled w/ egg, Hainan chicken and string beans are also very good.  I always make it a point to come here whenever I get a chance to visit NYC.  I wish Nyonya would open an outpost in the LA area.
Food is very good, authentic Malaysian, for reasonable price. The biggest let down is that they don't accept credit card!; I had to run out to get money from ATM, had to keep my guests waiting! Atmosphere is very casual and noisy. Chicken / Beef satay is excellent.
Love love love this place! Food is always hot, fresh  fast. Noodle dishes are excellent as is the roti canai. I'll be trying some curry next time, and the pork belly dish!
This place rocks. Probably the best Malaysian place I've ever been to. The Indian pancakes are always a must have. My personal favorites are the Mango Chicken and Sarung Burong. Never had the Hainanese Chicken here but from checking out the reviews, looks like I have to try it out next time.
The new Nyonya sold out, portions are tiny and have more garnish than actual food. They attempt to make the decor new and modern which takes away authenticity of the old place. The old Nyonya will be missed.
Fantastic Malaysian fare! Always a treat! The Roti is done just right, and the seafood dishes are just delicious. A bit busy, but then good places usually are.
Great place! Extra points for making a vegetarian version of the curry for roti canai. If you are feeling adventurous, try the steamed tilapia with curry (it comes on a sizzling platter) and noodles with salted fish. A Malaysian friend claims this place is the most authentic Malaysian place in town...I couldn't agree more!
The decor is gorgeous.  It almost doesn't look like a Malaysian restaurant... the food is a mixture of Chinese, Malaysian, Thai.  We got some of the dishes recommended by previous yelpers, so all of them were pretty good.  I wouldn't say it's the best Malaysian I've had, but I may be biased since I just spent a few days in the country itself and had amazing food!  Also, prices were definitely higher than other restaurants in Chinatown.  We paid almost twice as much we usually pay for a meal for 2 people.
AUTHETIC Malaysian GRUB!!!"Dis" your doubt at the door when you're hit with the "long lines" of hungry foodies. On that NOTE: it's MUCH faster to seat a group of 10 rather than 2. Take-out is a SUPER reasonable alternative. We've ordered IN for 15 people on a regular basis with TONS of food left over. Each person paid less than $15 bucks (that's with tax  delivery tip). Definitely get the ROTI and steamed cold chicken. Everything's delicious!!!
Hainanese chicken is wonderful. the only thing is "do not eat the cucumber comes with the dish"! Those cucumbers are not fresh and tasted funny. Also love their tofu casserole, deep fried egg tofu sauteed with sauce and veggies, a little bit spicy, great for rice!
How can you not like a place with a name like Nyonya.  Exotic, unique...and a little nasally - but don't let that stop you. Situated in the heart of Little Italy, this compact Malaysian joint seems like an anomaly, but packs quite a crowd and quite a range flavors too! A huge menu, I can't even begin to tell you where to begin. However, one of the favorites for the night was roti with a side of chicken curry to dunk it in.  The food was not particularly outstanding, but it's still good, and there is probably something for everyone here.The menu items are cheap, so it attracts a large crowd [read: it gets packed] of young, hungry artists who want to make the most of the week's pay and still have enough left over to get wasted until 4am, buy favors for the after-party, and prevent a hangover at the greasy cafe before sunrise. Kind of noisy, and frenetic, but, it's all good. The crowd here is nice and easy to get along with - you sort of have to be when you're touching more than elbows with your neighbor.  Tip: avoid embarrassment with your date or your friends, and find an ATM before entering. It's cash only here.
Eh, this place was just ok. The beef rendang was alright, but I've certainly had better. The roti was a bit too crispy and thin. Overall though, given the price, I think it was a good deal.
Came here a few weeks ago with my homie from High School, upon her suggestion. It was really good and cheap. We ordered the Roti Telfur...freakig Fab...the roti skin was perfect!!!!! the curry chicken was also perfect...a pleasant surprise! We also order the BBQ spare ribs...tasty..but nothing to write home about...a little too fatty for me! Lets see oh yeah we got this tofu boat thingy...it was crispy tofu in the shape of a triangle stuffed with veggies..not a warm dish...but good...the vegetable dish was good... and the curry chicken dish was also taassty!!! I will mos def be going back to try other items!! Good Choice T-Boogie!!!
The food was OK.  Nothing special.  It's salty.  The service is not that good.  It's much worse than last time i went.   Did i mention the food was not warm when it came out?   It's kinda cold.  (dishes suppose to be warm/hot).  the whole restaurant is kinda cold, and they don't even turn the heat up.  My friends were complain the restroom is cold like North Pole.  Over all.  It's bad.
"it's sooo good", so as a 100% born and raised southeast asian, i decided to give this place a go to see if it lives up to its reputation among my friends.i didn't expect much of the decor because it's an asian restaurant(fushion restaurants had better designs to attract americans). ordered Sambal Petai, which, if you're not familiar with petai(a type of vegetable found in tropical countries), i would suggest you not order it. To some it's poison, to others it's a delicacy(but just a little better than shark's fin and abalone... to me at least). Anyway, this type of vege was meant to make you fart for the next two days, as well as stink up your mouth and poo. but the spice  was perfect, although it tasted like the chef had put too much msg. petai was kinda old too.chicken curry with rice was served very quickly, so i kinda doubt the freshness of it. however, i love the sweet+slightly spicy taste of the curry. Asked for green chilli and red chilli. the green chilli was too big so it wasn't spicy, blachan was not good at all. like a typical malaysian restaurant, do not come here expecting exceptional service. what's important was that they were attentive such that they made sure empty dishes were cleaned and tea refilled. i had no problem getting their attention for chillis, drinks and check.overall, this clean restaurant served up good food at a timely manner. worth a try.
Best Roti Canai in NYC! Try the fresh coconut drink as well. Awesome!
We went here for lunch.  It's on the border of Chinatown and Little Italy.  We went with a co-worker who knew what to order which helps because there's a huge menu with all kind of dishes.  When you walk in, you smell curry and asian spices.  Don't expect a typical Chinese food restaurant.  Malaysian food is different and very spicy but flavorful.  The roti canai is excellent.  That's what everyone comes here for.  The dipping sauce is curry based and tasty.  The chicken dish we had was bone in which I didn't care for but the other dishes we ordered were flavorful.  No bland food here.  The idea is to order several dishes for the table so everyone tries them family style.  You have to ask for rice.  My only experience is one other Malaysian restaurant in DC.  Nyonya is more upscale with a larger menu.  The decor is tight but contemporary and the service is excellent.  The food comes out quick and appears to be authentic.  The place was full for lunch but we walked in and were seated without a problem.  Go with a group so you can sample more dishes for the table.  It's different but worth it if you're looking for some variety.  Beware, it's cash only.
Hainan chicken is a complete hoax! Not marinated at all - just plain unflavored steamed chicken. What a complete joke! What happened to you Nyonya?
everything i ate was good here.if you haven't tried the puff shrimp dish, do it! everything tastes better with bacon. oh, and this place is cash only, so remember to hit up the atm before you go!
I went there few times and finally I remember to write my review this weekend. This is the only restaurant that most of my buddies and I can count on for great food in Chinatown other than Chinese food.  My co-workers actually travel to chinatown for lunch and go back for work at uptown.  Pad Thai always a good choice. I would their curry chicken and spicy Southern style chicken rice.Anyway, recommend to you.
Yum, yum and more yum. Discovered it in December and I've gone back almost every month since then. Delicious, delicious food, helpful staff who actually listen if you say  you've got allergies and fantastic prices.
First time to Malaysian restaurant, and decided to go to one in Little Italy.  The roti canai was really good. The rest of the food was exactly like Thai food, but not as good.  Most important thing......NO CREDIT CARDS....bring cash!
good food and excellent place for groups. wait is pretty long most of the time but it's worth it to have some hot and steamy coconut rice and all sorts of curry!
To judge from the other reviews, maybe my experience was an exception. I certainly hope so. But if not, then let this be a cautionary tale for other yelpers.Let me preface this by saying that I give a lot of latitude when it comes to surly service at Asian restaurants. I consider it a part of the experience. I'm not a prima donna, and I think I'm also pretty flexible about mediocre food. I don't ask for special preparations, I have almost never sent back a dish, and I have never walked out of a restaurant for any reason. If I'm hungry enough, I'll eat my shoes, I don't care.The waitress at Nyonya had an attitude and was studiously unhelpful, but whatever. It's Chinatown. We drank our lukewarm tea without complaint. We ordered a sizzling tofu and an Asam Laksa. The "sizzling" tofu came in a watery, tasteless cornstarch base with frozen vegetables, that tasted like a Weight Watchers entree. After one bite, I didn't want any more. My friend found the Asam Laksa similarly unpalatable. We were okay with that. It was our choice to order those dishes and they weren't to our liking. No big deal -- it wasn't the waitress or the restaurant's fault.So we decided we'd go to another restaurant. We paid for the meal, and headed for the door. A woman (the manager?) asked us if anything was wrong, and we explained that we didn't enjoy the meal. She didn't ask why or try to rectify the situation, she just seemed incredulous and unhappy that we did not express enough satisfaction to HER satisfaction about the awful meal we had barely touched. Again, we explained politely that we simply didn't like what we had ordered.As we're heading out the door, some guy (who wasn't our waiter) ran after us with our check and demanded a bigger tip. Granted, it wasn't an overly large tip, but then the service hardly merited one and we had not even enjoyed our meal enough to finish it, and now they were giving us crap for it, on top of it. Still, I try to be fair to waiters and delivery guys because I think on the whole they work their tails off for peanuts, in a fiercely competitive and often thankless job, so reflexively, we gave a few more dollars. I regretted it almost as soon as we had done so. I felt like I'd just been extorted.So: Bad food, worse service, and worse yet, a waitstaff with an outrageous sense of entitlement. Drubbed by three people, two of whom hadn't even served us. The experience was abysmal, even by Chinatown standards. If you want decent Malaysian without the attitude, I recommend Jaya on Baxter.To be fair, I'll give them one star for the Malaysian iced tea, which was fine.
The food here is fresh and delicious both for dine in and delivery. The decor is nice and the waitstaff was friendly enough. It is a little pricey for dinner but the lunch specials are a great deal. The Masak Lemak with beef is amazing and make sure to try the Roti. Stay away from the Spareribs Malaysian Style as they were funky and not that delicious.
I always make a trip here when I'm in the area. Their hainan chicken is delicious and definitely try the Indian bread (for lack of a better name), then pour the curry sauce from the bread onto your oily rice!  Perfectttt. Have never had a problem when I've experimented with other dishes either. The soups are HUGE!
I really enjoy this place, haven't been there in a long while though. They have this really awesome chicken rice with a crepe type of thingy and a little hot / soy sauce that is totally craveworthy. It's a quick, cheap, and unassuming little Chinatown spot with great service too. I am not well enough versed in Malaysian to comment on it comparatively to other spots but I've loved it every time I've eaten here.
I met a friend here who's Asian and recommended it. We enjoyed ourselves. They had some really neat dishes that I had never seen or had before. I'll be back someday.
i used to go to this restaurant a lot before it moved over across the street.  i never had complained about it at the original location. i only went to the new location on the other side of the street 3 times. both 3 experiences were pretty bad. all about service. the food took forever to come, the bill took forever to come.. neitherless to say. the meal time was forever just "waiting".  when asked for things, you need to requested a few times before they really hear you.  i still go back to this same place because there are not many Malaysian restaurants in chinatown and i do think they have the best Malaysian food unfortunately..
For three people we spent about $25 altogether on dinner IN TOTAL, plus two orders of roti.  We ordered pretty traditional Malaysian meals: curry, noodles and soup Laksa, and Chow Fun. Its nice to finally find a Cheap Eat in NYC.
It's clean, it's tasty and it's friendlier than New Malaysian restaurant. Cusping on the border of Little Italy, Nyonya's a moderately priced restaurant with some cheap eats in the form of tasty noodles and soups. The rambutan drink is also pretty good and they had five pieces of fruit which made for a light dessert after our meal
Love this Malaysian restaurant. The roti canai is the best in NYC. We also enjoy the crispy baby squids and beef rendang. The curry yong tao hu is great for a quick lunch. Great restaurant!
I waited and waited to go to this place.  And you know what?  It was NOT that good.  there are 6 other better places in the area there - i should of just threw $20 down the sewer.  I got the Malaysia Sweet and Sour Pork.  Maybe i got the wrong dish?  But it was that gross chicken/pork you get at a Chinese restaurant deep fried, fake and SMOTHERD in that corn syrup heavy "sweet and sour sauce".  Nice try.  I feel gross now and am going to run 8 miles in the morning.  Go to Pho Bang on Mott, it is 100 times better.
OH YEAH, BABY!  First time there was very but my second visit was awesome.  For dinner, we had the roti with curry dip.  The bread was very light and the curry dip had a nice kick.  It seemed like everyone was ordering this so we did the same.  All I can say is there is truth in numbers.  Next we had the masak lemak.  It was served cold, may be its supposed to be like this, but I didn't care for this traditional malaysian dish.  We also has the shrimp with string beans.  It was tasty and the portion was huge.  We back a second time for lunch.  I had the roti again and the lady fingers with traditional shrimp sauce, which was the BOMB!!  I'm so glad I had an early lunch here instead of eating at the airport.  I will definitely go back.
i've never had Malaysian food but it reminds me of Chinese food with a twist. I had the Hannaise Chicken and loved the rice and sauce that came with it! The rice has been cooked in broth, making it extra delicious. The nan and curry are also a great way to start your meal since it is light, fluffy and not too filling.  The service was great-our group got seated immediately at a table that was large enough so that we didn't bump elbows. I will be back!
Loved the food. Very authentic, everything tasted just like how it should. Reasonably priced, perfect for people wanting to try out a new cuisine. Only downside is that, they only accept cash and the place gets really packed. However, the lines do move pretty fast. All in all, it surpassed expectations, that too of a Malaysian.
Take me back! I went here on a rainy Saturday evening around 6:30 with a friend who was in town from LA. We're not familiar with restaurants in this area but her sister told her that this place was good and thanks to all the other yelp reviewers, the decision was easy to make. I didn't get a chance to look at the menu online before hopping on the train and since I wasn't familiar with Malaysian cuisine, I knew this would be an adventure. We didn't have to wait to be seated. The menu has so many choices and everything sounded so delicious. We had a couple seated to the left of us and two girls seated to the right of us. We looked at the dishes on both tables and the couple was eating Roti Canai as an appetizer and they told us it was really good so we ordered that. The girls to the right of us were having a soup with noodles, shrimp, and vegetables so we asked the waitress what they were having and she said it was "Prawn Mee" so we ordered that and the Pineapple Fried Rice. My friend and I split everything because we both wanted the same thing. We only drank water. I didn't even look at the prices when we were ordering and for everything we got it came to $20.04. We were both shocked but when you don't look at the menu you can expect that sort of outcome. If you're looking to try something different, this is the place to do it!!
mmmm. i love the curry mee with young tau foo, which are egg noodle served in a spicy lemon grass coconut curry with tofu and veggies stuffed with fish! and it's what, $5.50??? yay. those fried tofus are awesomely delicious. and i even eat my bittermelon circle that comes with it, and i normally hate bittermelon.took one star off for the chile pepper paul ate that he thought was bittermelon.also, what makes a delicious and cheap meal end great is if you just walk a few blocks down to spring street and get some rice pudding from rice to riches!
Excellent roti canai with nice gravy, good cendol (buried in palm sugar), and -- best, best, best -- Deep Fried Fish in Belachan Sauce! If you never had it before, I don't know if you will like it. But if you are accustomed to belacan -- this is very good! The char kueh teow was only so-so. We also had the chicken rice -- loved the rice but I wasn't wild about the Hainan chicken, even though just about every Asian person in the restaurant was eating it. Service was friendly but a bit slow.
having parents who come from Malaysia tends to mean that I look for Malaysian food but tend to be slightly disappointed in the main. I came back to Nyonya last year after a very long hiatus and then starting coming back more often. I like their stingray in lotus leaf, and also their seafood egg hor-fun, which actually has an incredible amount of flavor in the noodle, something you don't get outside south-east asia often. their satay and hainanese chicken is not as good as new malaysia restaurant or Jaya, in my opinion. their yong tau foo can be safely avoided. it's also a very presentable place, which helps if you're bringing friends or a date. I love their fresh young whole coconut, but they don't always have it. oyster omelette didn't have a whole lot of oyster in it, and the sambal squid tended to have pretty small pieces of squid, even if there were a lot of them. still, I would go back.
Malaysian food rocks! Nyonya is a very reliable, cheap eat and almost always makes me very, very happy.My faves:+Char kway teow - delightful pan fried noodles, this is a mainstay dish at any Malaysian restaurant and they nail it here (in the same way that any Thai restaurant has to perfect its pad thai, except this is way better...sorry Thai food lovers)+Indian mee goreng - an even better pan fried noodle dish with a richer flavor. I don't know what does it for me, but this dish is also spot on+Roti canai (pronounced "chen-EYE", yes, there's an invisible "ch" sound for the second word) - you get some beautiful roti (a type of Indian bread, like naan but much thinner) with a light chicken curry. A great appetizer that really gets your taste buds firing+Prawn mee - this dish might have esoteric appeal, but it's essentially shrimp soup. If you're a person who's ever enjoyed shrimp heads, with their delightful mix of brine and fattiness (probably from their brains), then this is a great noodle soup dish. I love, love, love it...and I probably lost most of you when I said brains. I know, but it's so integral to the dish...Other things to try:+Beef rendang+Hainanese chicken (though you can get this at a decent Chinese restaurant as well)+They have this humongous pork dish...turned out surprisingly wellHowever, a few notes of warning:-The shrimp is not always fresh - while it won't give you diarrhea, it leaves an unpleasant taste. Surprising, for the prawn mee dish, the soup was perfectly fine, but the shrimp itself was not so great. So, if you see shrimp in your dish, try one, if it's not spot on, then leave it to the side: it's very unlikely it will affect the rest of your dish-The teh tarik (literally "pulled tea"), which is often a fun and delicious beverage, is bland and the head of foam that defines teh tarik is practically nonexistent. Save you money and drink regular tea or even just water instead-The vegetable selection is neither broad nor tasty. I find it to be very average, and if you're a person for whom veggies are a big deal, then this restaurant has pretty limited selection in this department. I've always had a problem eating enough greens since I could munch on solid food, so this has been a non-issue for meThe service can also be a bit spotty, but hey, it's Chinatown, I expect to have to stick my hand up a few times to grab their attention. And the bill is unbeatable, usually rounding out to $25 a head for a good variety of dishes.
Their coconut rice is addictive. This is also one of the few restaurants in Chinatown that has some pretty solid decor, so you can eat well without basking in the death rays of fluorescent lighting.
I've been coming since back in the days. It's been that long, lol. The food is always good with a little of Chinese influence. Service is quicker than finding parking. And it's located across from Ferrara's if you want some Italian sweeets.
the beef curry. so good. and food comes out quickly!
Came here for a quick lunch, we ordered from the lunch special menu. it was pretty disappointing. I ordered the taro with sliced pork belly over rice, my mother ordered the spareribs over rice. Spareribs were so tough to eat. Service was excellent tho, they found a nice seat for us so we could put my son (infant) next to us. They also have an infant changing table, which is GREAT! So i definitely applaud them for that!
This is the best Malaysian restaurant in the area.  The food is decent and comes out quickly.  I usually order the roti canai, and seafood wat tan hor which is deliciously made. The tom yum noodle soup is huge and filled with noodles. There could have been a better balance between noodles and the seafood in it. The air conditioner was a bit too cold, and they don't take credit. So be prepared with enough cash!!
I was looking for some good Malay food in New York and came here with my family. We ordered the more Chinese dishes, which we all found pretty good. The roti canai was crispy and dry; I wish it were softer and thicker.
Really good! We ordered a bunch of food (1 app and 6 mains) among 6 and the portions were so large that we had a hard time finishing. Curry veg was great. Hainan else chicken was good too. The fish was overcooked :( fresh juices were good but a tad sweet.
Very busy joint! The pearl noodles, roti, and curry beef were good. The fried fish casserole wasn't good. It consisted of soggy fried fish cooked in a sauce and veggies. Check out Yelp reviews for food suggestions. Service was ok...
I went here yesterday with my friends. We ordered a half Hainan chicken, stewed beef, and vegetable. The food was good. Next time, I want to try something more Malaysian. As for the atmosphere, the restaurant was large and not noisy. We went there at 11:10, so we did't have to wait. When it was around 12:30 pm, there were more and more people coming in. It probably suggested that it was a popular and good restaurant. The service could be better, but I don't care that much about their service. And it is cash only. Last but not least, it was very affordable. The three dishes were only around 50 dollars.
Was good but I got the indian bread appetizer and it was cold when it came out. Everything else was good, the hianan chicken is always a staple
Brought family and friends here for dinner with high expectations after seeing all the raving reviews.  Unfortunately food was not up to standard but left a 25% tips cause service was great. The roti canai was thin and crispy but curry was yellow instead of orangey brown. Indian mee goreng was fried with curry powder, meh. Char kway teow was only ok. Gravy on seafood scramble egg hor fun was tasteless (like water with cornstarch).Cendol was premix in a bowl taken straight out of a freezer. The vegetable on top of the sarang Burong was overcooked but the fried taro was very crispy and delicious. Too bad, the only flavorful and authentic dish we had was the hainanese chicken rice. Will not return for sure.
This place as a very nice atmosphere and the food was absolutely delicious although some of the appetizers were a bit expensive for there portion size. The service was great and the wait wasn't very long either. Overall it was a very delicious meal!
This review is based on delivery only because I have never been to the restaurant in person but often order delivery. I love their food and the quality is consistent. However, service isn't. Once I was trying to order Fried Buns and the waiter taking the call didn't even know it was on the menu and got my order wrong lmao, despite me repeating the order again and again. When the delivery guy got here I had to call the restaurant again, it was a horrible waste of time. Depending on the person taking the call, sometimes the person doesn't speak very good English. They are very busy so it may also takes a long time to wait for the person to get on the line properly. They also don't always give the things I asked for because they're too busy, ex. extra sauce.
This place was absolutely delicious and the service was great as well. Read all the reviews and decided to try it out and it did not disappoint. Tried so many items and all of them were great. See my picture with our items.
It's just awesome, the foods are amazing, also the drinks. Please try their curry vegetables and coconut pudding!
I absolutely love Malaysian or any type of Southeast Asian Cuisine.  Their Roti Canai, roti telur,  chow kueh tiao, and pop piah are some of my most frequent dishes. It gets pretty crowded in the evening so I do suggest either coming early be prepared to starve for a while. For the price and the quality of the food it's definitely my favorite Malaysian restaurant in the city!
Ate here with some friends. 1 ordered the pad thai because I love it. However, the pad thai here was subpar at best. I asked for extra spicy and the hot sauce they use added way too much acidity and sourness. If it sounds gross, that's because it tasted kind of gross. And while 1 usually like lemons more than lime, time needs to come with my pad thai. Lemon just doesn't taste right.Lastly, though this should've been first, the waiter's thumb was all up in my bean sprouts when he brought the food out. Blech.Maybe this experience was a fluke compared to usual, but I expected something better for a restaurant with such good ratings.
CASH ONLY, but worth that trip to the ATM.I love the roti canai and their chicken dishes. I usually never order the chicken options, but their Hainan chicken is so good! They serve theirs with a sweet spicy sauce rather than a garlic ginger salt. When I was there with friends I was able to also try their vegetable curry and the assam ikan bilis which are dried anchovies in a sauce which was the underdog on the table. Dried anchovies can be very very salty, but the sauce they used was sweet and balanced out the dish perfectly. The veggie curry was also well seasoned and packed a lot of flavor.Nyonya will seat you with other people so if you're not into that this might not be the place for you, but if you love good food you won't even notice the strangers at your table.I'm a fan! The first time I ate here, I came alone on my lunch. I loved it so much I brought friends the next time and we all enjoyed ourselves. I usually don't trust places with such a large menu, but each dish seemed to be prepared very thoroughly!Definitely coming back!
Not completely sure how to pronounce the name of the restaurant, but it's ok, the food is amazing! Service is nothing to rave about, but that's typical and seating is pretty tight. The restaurant was pretty big though with more space in the back.We got 2 white rice, 1 coconut rice (really good, give it a try), roti canai (light, crispy, and soft all in one), clay pot noodle (large pot good for sharing), the Hainanese chicken, and the lemongrass squid (based on the waiter's recommendation). All of this fed 4 people and we still had left overs. The chicken was really tender, I'm usually not a fan of chicken prepared this way, but this is something I would love to eat again. Our group was very indecisive and we asked the waiter for his favorite seafood dish and he suggested the lemongrass squid so we tried it. LOVED it! I've never had squid prepared this way and it was just so flavorful. Overall, this place has great food for the adventurous soul who wants to try something different. *Cash only.
My first Malaysian food experience in NYC. It's very busy here even on a Monday night. My friend and I arrived at around 8pm and we were seated right away. We got the prawnme, chicken satay and roti canai. The sauce for the chicken satay and the chicken itself was too sweet, but the prawnee broth and roti canai made up for that. Delicious prawnee broth and curry dipping for roti canai. A lot of people here get the hainan chicken and some sort of stir-fry rice/noodles. Will def return for other dishes one day.
I haven't been here in a couple of years - but still very packed from when I last remembered it and a lot brighter lighting. However, our party of 3 didn't have to wait long for seats. As long as the entire party is there, they'll try to seat you. If not, they ask you to wait. The food is still delicious as I remembered. I had the hainanese Chinese chicken and love it. I also got the Roti pancakes, another favorite of mine - especially for sharing. We tried the vegetable curry - which was really good. It was a good vegetable dish to add to the mix and it was curry too! Great place for family style meals aka sharing. The staff are a little hard to get ahold of, assuming because it's really busy. Not a lot of them speak english either. But still a great place for lunch and dinner nonetheless - it's cheap too (for the portions you get)!
Cash only place. Been here three times so far. The first time was okay. The second was pretty bad - we went as a group and the waitress forgot our appetizer even after we reminded her three more times. I felt bad then because I was the one introducing this place to them. But the third time is the reason why I'm writing a review. Horrible service - we ended up waiting 30 minutes for the check. So we got up to pay at the cashier, and the manager of the place, or the owner, told us that he needed he check. We told him that we haven't gotten it. So then he called up the server and the server printed out the check.Since they only accept cash, we gave him a $100. He gave us the change of the check and he basically slammed the coins in front of us--I think at this point he thought they might not get tips cause we already complained about the 30 minute wait. But then when we were putting the money in the wallet before we calculated the tip, he pointed to the check saying that service charge is not included yet. We said "we know, we just haven't calculated it yet." And gave them the tip.I'm giving them two stars because the food isn't bad and for ny it's on the cheaper end. But the service really make this place a bad place to go--DO NOT go to this place on first dates or when you want to have a good time with people. On two of the most recent occasions I was pretty embarrassed because I chose to take people to this place.
Hainanese Chicken here is worth five stars but everything else was mediocre. The prices aren't cheap. It's average so you expect more. Service was okay. My chair with my coat and bad fell backwards (because I had the audacity to stand up) in front of a waitress on her way to the kitchen with a tray of stuff. There was 5 seconds where we both just looked at it. It would've been a great gesture of good service if she put the tray down on the table next to her for a second to help me with my coat and chair but alas! Speaking of, the chairs are bad. They are flimsy and you must hold onto them if you are standing up and have your coat and bag on the chair. Nothing to travel all the way to Chinatown for if you are not in the neighborhood. Could've a nice meal of sushi instead for the price I paid!
between New malaysia and Jaya, this place is definitely far superior. it is spacious and clean topped with exellent prompt service. you will never have to look far for anything u need and your drinks will never go empty. for dining experience go here. the roti here was very good, and is made in the front window--made to order! everything we had was rather authentic, and came with rice on a pretty leaf. just for those who are curious i ordered all the different rices on the menu and with the exception of brown rice cuz well.. brown rice is brown rice, they all pretty much tasted the same. coconut rice was a bit more fragrant... perhaps i can say it reminded me of a jasmine rice, the chicken rice was a bit more salty, and the white rice was just in between. the curry we ordered was a bit too greasy for my taste, and had a huge layer of oil floating around the top, but i guess that is just a matter of opinion. i prefered the curry that came with the roti which was less oily and more creamy and slighty on the more sweeter side. my favorite dish was the malaysian herbal soup. its a very unique malaysian dish and they make it excellent here. come here if you want to hang out with friends or a group or show someone from out of town a nice malay dinner  . well worth the visit!  oh yea and they also have a special lunch menu on certain days that is super cheap at $6.50 an item! amazing value .
What a wonderful place! The food is absolutely delicious, not to mention amazingly well priced.  My boyfriend and I had a 3 course dinner, along with an extra dish for lunch the next day, all for under $30 for both of us.  Being on a budget, I can't tell you how much I appreciate great food for good price.
i love this place.  Roti canai, Hainanese Chicken, and  Spicy Thai Chicken :)
the malaysian consulate to the UN uses nyonya to cater events - basically enough said.the dining room is cute with the wood and bamboo look.  the wait staff is super friendly and helpful.  the food is amazing.the roti is made just right and the curry is great.  i'm not much for cold dishes (thats why you never see me order gazpacho) but the cold hainanese chicken dish is definitely worth a try.tried the crab prepared in aromatic sauce - it was amazing.  it went well with a few sips of the famous singapore tiger beer.  the lemon grass squid is so rich that i got full after a few bites of it, the sauce is reminiscent of indonesian style.  next time i'll ask them not to cook it in aluminum foil though.at first we were going to order more to sample and thank god we didn't because we were soooo full.  will have to save our appetites for the duck next time.
I wanted an excuse to go back to Chinatown Ice Cream Factory, and had some friends in town, so this seemed like the best choice. Per the suggestion my friends and I started with the roti canai, which was, in fact, very good.  I had the Nyonya seafood noodle and it was tasty, but I think next time I'd try something else. My friend's husband was brave and went for the stingray, even after the waitress warned him it was very fishy, salty and spicy (I think she meant to say....not typically an American taste). i tried a bite and it definitely was not my cup of tea, but I really can't say if it was good or bad. Overall the place was good and I'll definitely go back to try other items on the menu.
Definitely my favorite Malaysian restaurant, and one of my top faves of any cuisine in NYC. Why? Because it is so tasty! This is an authentic place (not a fancy/formal one) with somewhat abrupt (but not unfriendly) waitstaff.I always try a few dishes, including a new one or 2. Prices are inexpensive so it's easy to be adventurous.  Among my faves are any of their fried noodle dishes (they're all good!), the oyster omelet, the Malaysian spare ribs, pork with yam, and sizzling beef or sizzling yee mee.DO NOT forget to try one of the shaved ice desserts--chendol or ABC. They are so good, sometimes I can't decide and get one of each!  Luckily, they're not too filling (after a big meal) but very tasty (and may induce a brain freeze).
roti canai, roti canai, blah blah blah...i think that point's been made.  what has NOT been mentioned, however, is that one of my other favorite items on the menu is listed as the following under the "Vegetables" section:  5. Kang Kung Belacan--Sauteed convolus w. spicy Malaysian shrimp paste sauceyou rike convolus.  trust me.  you rike!!i actually tried looking up "convolus" in the dictionary.  nada.  if you google it, however, you'll find that it's a spinach-like vegetable that's also known as "morning glory" or "empty heart vegetable" in other languages.  whew.  eating is hard work!
Food is so cheap that it tastes even better! It is good though and not only because of price! There wine is not bad either.
Huge portions and the homemade roti is a must! Awesome prices for the amount and quality of food. Depending on the dish-consider ordering to split. You also get a pot of nice, hot tea at your table-waiting for you when you sit down. VERY friendly service and on a Saturday night the wait was only 15 min!
Nyona is our default restaurant when we can't decide on a place in chinatown.  Their soup noodles are quite tasty and the traditional dishes are well prepared.  Best for family style meals.
I can't pronounce the name of the place but they serve a mean chicken curry over rice. The reviews here say the roti is the star dish but it all depends on what your pallet likes. It's on the softer side so if you like yours with a bit of a crunch, I'd try Jaya on Baxter. The menu is extensive so you may have a hard time deciding what to eat. Portions are good enough for a group of 5-6 but any more and I'd consider ordering double. On weekends it gets crowded around dinner time so be ready to shout your conversations or learn how to lipread.
Great food, service, and affordable prices!!!  Did I mention that this place is clean?  A total plus for a Chinatown establishment =)
The worst experieence ever! I dined in with my friends few years ago. The service was horrible! They actually came out to chase after us because they thought that we didn't give enough tips! Like seriously, wow!! We would've given more tips if we were served better! Don't ever go there!
was in NYC with a group of friends and one took us to nyonya because he had been here before..we ordered about 7-8 dishes for 7 of us..the food was delicious...we had so many dishes i couldnt remember them all but there was a bacon-wrapped shrimp ball you dip in a mayo sauce..so yummmyyy...the fried chicken was good as well as the clam dish we ordered. ...it kind of reminds me of banana island in the bay area but it had more choices and a bigger variety   I would definitely come back again. :)
curry awesome, the workers look like there on speed, quik, there was a line, i walked up, asked how long, guy said no longer than 10 mins, cause it was only 2 of us,  get the roti app, food is crazy cheap, love this place
Best Malaysian cuisine ever!  The crabs in special house sauce are messy but oh so worth it--finger licking yum!!
I've been here multiple times with big and small groups.  The experience is always good.  Some dishes that came recommended from a Malaysian friend: roti canai, beef rendang, chow kuey teow, seafood scramble egg chow fun (my fav), hainanese chicken, king pork buff, oyster omlette, chicken /or coconut rice.  I would also add the garlic chicken to the list.  (Note: oyster omlette last time was a bit raw).
There are so many great reviews already for Nyonya, so I'm not going to retout everything that has been said...I really just wanted to say,  "Thank You" to all the yelpers that convinced me to give this place a try.  I have walked by this restaurant so many times, I even surprisingly have a copy of the menu at home, but I'd never eaten here before..I even would say I had a little animosity toward the restaurant as I would walk past.  It's one of many Asian restaurants that are creeping into Little Italy and changing the vibe there....But now after eating here, it rightly deserves its location..The food here is wonderful...All I can say is that it convokes to me a mixture of Chinese, Indian, and Thai flavors...I love it!!!  One of the best parts is that I have a new place I can order delivery from.
Prior to visiting this place, I had only been to the Penang on the Upper East side a few times, so my experience with Malaysian food is limited.  That being said, I really enjoyed Nyonya.  We ordered the Roti Canai and Roti Telur to share for apps.  We both preferred the Canai over the Telur (Canai, more curry flavored) but both were very good.  The menu says that the dipping sauces are the same but they tasted different to me.  For an entree, I ordered the Sarang Burong (shaped fried taro stuffed with shrimp, chicken, corn, snow peas  black mushroom topped with cashew nuts)-can you say yum?  Funny enough I realized that this is always the dish I ordered at Penang too.  I can't say I noticed a big difference, but it was still yummy.  My friend ordered the Lemon Grass Squid wrapped in Silver Foil (foil presented in the shape of a bird, mind you!).  His was tasty as well.  This place was packed and bustling...with many people of asian decent enjoying their time there (good sign!).  Decor is simple, seating not super comfortable (wood chairs).  Bathroom was not very clean.  If you alooking for somewhere with more of a modern feel, try Penang (at least the one on the UE..not sure about the others).  4 stars for good food....
Nyonya is pretty damn good... The place is packed and bustling with people every time I go, and the food is also quite good. Don't miss the roti with the delicious curry dipping sauce!!! I also had the Hainan chicken, which was very moist (but it might put off some less adventurous eaters, as it is served at room temperature), as well as the sizzling tofu platter. A very good Malaysian overall.
An order of roti plus a small chicken rice and you have yourself a kick ass meal for $3. If you're with a group, try the boneless pork spareribs, the pearl nodles or the hainanese chicken. It's all amazing. And so much better than the Little Italy trap that's surrounding it. Finish with the chendol dessert... I'd stay away from the green tea ice cream. My experience with it in the past has has very green results. As in greeeeeeen. You get it.
Never been disappointed.  I like the price, the staff, the food, the atmosphere. The roti canai and their watercress are so good.Update (11/2008).  The roti canai I had was chewy and thick; I was hoping for thin and crispy as I remembered it years ago.  When I went the service was slightly below average I think because they are understaffed now; seems management is skimping.  The pineapple fried rice barely has pineapples; they used to give you like half a pineapple shell but now just bits and pieces.  My rating is now 3 stars.
The food at Nyonya is out of this world. So tasty and super affordable. What more can you want? The sizzling beef is fantastic and the spring roll sauce is superb.
Great value for lunch specials. $7 includes tea, soup, and an entree. The food was good, and the decor was nice for this price point.
Actually I walk by here today by accident cuz me and my husband was just enjoying our walk along the whole San Ganero (if i even spell that right) festival thing in Little Italy. So we walk by the place, my husband poke his head through the window of the restaurant, he goes to me *Hunny, there is enough ppl eating in there we should go try*. I guess he assumed if there is alot of ppl in there sitting and eating , it shouldn't be something bad at all to tried out right? We ordered the Roti Canai, Chicken wings, Fried pearl noodles, Hanianese chicken with rice and beef satay. It was so good, I love everything! I am surely gonna go back for another round this time i wanna tried there soup noodles and other dishes on the menu , they all sound so good :). I highly recommend for those that love Malaysian or any south east asian food , you will be happy with it i am sure of it .
consistent place. the best malaysian in the city. i've possibly gotten the prawn mee 928492743x. love the house special crab + roti canai + beef rendang
I don't usually write alot of reviews, I usually only rate by stars. If a restaurant is that good, I'm sure many users would have already written all the positives, likewise if a restaurant is bad (food + service) many would have already critiqued it.This is the 2nd review that I have taken the time out to write because I feel like others should know. I have tried this place when it first opened and their food were not super authentic but well executed and creative for asian dish. I went back recently and I have to say their food is an insult to malaysian food, no more authenticity. Its price although many people would say its a good deal, if you have ever tasted authentic malaysian food, their price is incomparable for the value of their food. Nyonya's price does not equate to their food, I do not mind paying more for authentic good food, the irony of this is authentic good food in any cuisine are usually less expensive than many of these non-authentic (trying to fool tourists) places which nyonya has become (sadly).2 experiences I have recently in nyonya before i finish my review:1-There were hair in my food and not only did they pick n choose which tables to serve, and finally waiting for them to come over to address my "hair in plate" issue after 20mins. (Let me also note that after i waved my hand for help, about 10mins, one server came by and as soon as I pointed to the hair in my food, right after they brought out my plate, that server saw it and said OH um, looked at me, turned and left. I couldn't believe it, so i waited another 10mins for another server to come over and when they did, the lady just took my place, looked at the hair and gave me another plate after 15mins of remaking. No apologies, nothing...as if it was normal and happens all the time? (btw this was reported to the health dept as well).2-Was walking with my friend who passed by nyonya and she wanted something to drink, so we went in to order a drink at the front desk take out area and the man that was taking our order ask us what we wanted to order, as soon as my friend said just a drink, he turned and made us wait 15mins while he went and serve others because we weren't ordering alot so he didn't think we were quite as important. We were really upset but my friend was craving for something sweet so we held it in and then asked again, he scribbled something down and my friend asked how much, he told us it was $3.50 and i was like are you sure because I remembered it was $2.50 when I saw it on the menu, he said $3.50 so I grabbed the menu and there it was, $2.50 and i showed him immediately. He stuttered and said oh um we raised the price, we were pretty heated by then, change the price but not on the menu? so everyone that orders anything from the menu may not be paying for the price that's listed? or perhaps he just jacked up the price of the drink since we weren't ordering a meal that is worth more $$? Hmm does that make any sense? Obviously not to us so we turned and left. I have not been in there since.Anyone want authentic, honest priced malaysian food, you should check out 'Taste Good Malaysian Cuisine'.
i had a pleasant experience in this restaurant, the staff is attentive and fast, the food taste good, one of the best choice you can make for a quick lunch in downtown
This place is fantastic. went there last night with friends. wait was short  waiters were very respectful, especially with our insanely slow decision making of what to get. the pineapple rice was my favorite. good think I mentioned easy on the spice because it was already hot enough. pair it with a drink and you're good to go! love the environment with the bustling of conversations  waiters quickly coming with orders. an absolute must when wanting to eat / try Malay.
Great place...Order the Roti, close your eyes, and it's like you're riding an elephant in the jungles of Malaysia!  I don't even know if there are jungles in Malaysia, but you get my point...
If someone were to ask me what the best restaurant in Little Italy is, I would say Nyonya, an uber-affordable Malaysian restaurant with better hygiene and atmosphere than your typical Canal-area Asian restaurant. The staple roti with curry dipping sauce is a must as an appertizer, and if you're into seafood and don't mind "hosing" yourself down with hand wipes, the aromatic crabs are not to be missed.
sooooo good. great coconut pranws and phenomenal beef rendang.  don't forget cash our you'll pay $3.50 ++ at the atm outside.
Mmmm delicious. This place delivers solid food everytime. The roti canai is def a must. Super yummy. I always order the sizzling beef...all that meat! And it's really good. I also always get the lychee drink and sometimes just walk in to grab a lychee drink to go. The place gets packed but even if you're coming just on a date or two of you you can still have a conversation. The menu is pretty extensive...everyone can find something that they will like. I'm def a fan and will continue coming back here.
Wow--beats similar typed food places in the area. Have Ben coming here for years! Recently moved across the street to a MUCH nicer place! Prices are awesome! Can eat great under $7!
Great Malaysian food for a great price.  I love the Nasi Lemak!!!!
I really like this place but  I need someone with more Malaysian food expertise to show me what to order. The one thing I've discovered here is the noodle dish Mee Siam. Definitely try this! It's sort of like Pad Thai but not really. The string beans with shrimp paste, Roti Canai, and Beef Rendang are also great.
The Roti Canai (#1 of the appetizers) is the dish to get here.  Good texture and consistency, along with a decent curry with a bit of chicken and potato.  Also ordered the Indian Mee Goreng and the Fried Red Snapper in Thai Sauce.  The fried fish was sort of a rip off ($25) but the meal was overall pretty decent.  Best dish though was the appetizer (by far).  You'd do well just to order that dish multiple times, with some awesome coconut rice!
Can't say I know what authentic Malaysian tastes like, but this is pretty durn good.The Roti Canai is fabulous - a little bit of bread and some curry to go with it.  I usually get some noodle dish, which is really tasty.  And they have a peanut dessert, which is also good - perhaps a little overkill on the peanuts though.Cheap and fast.
The menu is huge and it really depends what you order. Some of it can be not so good. Some of it is great. Avoid the fruit salad with squid and shrimp paste. It is absolutely swimming in shrimp paste, rendering it inedible.
This place has consistently excellent food but inconsistent service.  My favorite dishes are: roti canai, beef w/rice noodles (beef chow fun), Pad Thai,  chicken-flavored rice, wonton soup (yeah I know kinda silly but it was a huge portion with egg noodles), curry anything, chicken/beef skewers, laksam aksa (??), for dessert the warm black rice with coconut milk is superb but it's an acquired taste.  As for service, it's consistently spotty, depends on who you get but the food wins over hands down.
I enjoy eating in at Nyonya but the take out experience is not as pleasant.  The man with the mullet that takes the order is not the friendliest and they have made mistakes with my order- turning things spicy that are not supposed to be spicy.If possible try eating in- b/c the food is really good although it's noisy in there.
I like Roti Canai with the curry chicken dipping sauce. It got me hook on it. As for the food, the Pad Thai  Pineapple Fried Rice was a bit spicy for my taste.
this place is pretty good and crowded. although one time i ordered take out and it came w/ some extra protein with legs :(
With a large menu of Malaysian dishes, Nyonya is a bustling dining experience.  A great place to try something you've never had before, but be prepared for "spicy" to really mean spicy.  The prices are also very reasonable; much of the menu is under $10.
got pad thai, was super cheap and tasty for $6.50. felt like they changed the noodles, since i haven't been here in awhile. but they were still good, seemed to be softer noodles. nyonya's always a favorite, i think its the best pad thai i've had in nyc.
I've been coming to Nyonya with my Malaysian Chinese family for years. Love the roti canai--the roti is greasy, flaky goodness that's perfectly complemented by the chicken curry. Unlike some places the chicken curry actually has chicken pices in it. Yum!
Yummy, cheap, and reminds me of home!  Service isn't great, but with food this good at such low prices, who cares?  I love the soy milk, roti canai, hainanese chicken rice, prawn mee, and bah kut teh-- stuff I usually eat when I'm at home in Indonesia/Singapore, so it's very comforting.  The dishes are flavorful and pretty authentic, and I'm definitely going to go back to try other things.
I have been a loyal customer of Nyonya Malaysian Restaurant for years but never tried their salty duck egg crabs until recently.  OMG, it is so delicious!  If you want to try it, I suggest you order the big crabs because it has more meat.
love this place...you gotta order Roti canai. their chicken garlic is also good..string beans with shrimp..love it! etc look great!Can't wait to go back!
Yummy roti bread (like nan)  curry sauce.   Good noodle dishes.  The coconut rice is heavenly and aromatic--I can easily down a couple bowls.   Our service was good, but can depend on your server.   Great value for a Zagat rated restaurant in the heart of Little Italy.
Went to the Nyonya yesterday for their Grand Opening at their new location. (Across the street from old location, next to Ferrara)  The new restaurant looks spectacular and their food is still excellent.   This is definitely my "go to place" for Malaysian food.
Was at the restaurant Saturday afternoon.  Ordered a Hainan Chicken, waited for 40 minutes but the chicken never arrived.  I asked 4 waitresses where our chicken was but no one came back to tell us what's going on.  Finally, the chicken arrived and our rice was already cold.  When we paid the bill, we only gave 10% tip and the waitress ran after us to the front door and asked if everything was okay.  WTF.  No, of course not.  The service sucks.  Although the food is not bad.
You can't really go wrong with the food here. The hanaiese chicken, indian mee, and the indian bread; there are other varieties you can choose from. I haven't tried the seafood yet. Dirt cheap prices. Niiiiiiice. I wanted to give it 3 1/2 stars, and not the full 4. Eh.
Ok, I came here w/ my good friend who grew up in Malaysia and lived in Singapore for many years too.  She didn't like the food at all.  Ah well.  I liked the roti canai.  It was good and tasted like it was supposed to.  I also ordered the chicken curry, whci was pretty good w/ plain rice.  Everything else.... meh. Sorry peeps, but this place is not nearly as good as so many people make it out to be.  Quality of food is not good.  Ingredients don't taste fresh.  They used coconut oil in their coconut rice, and it gave the rice a stale, unfresh taste.  Gross.  But what really pissed me off was that I wanted to order one dish and the waitress was trying to talk me out of it, and then when trying to order another item, yet AGAIN she kept trying to get us to change our orders.  Excuse me, can I please order what I like and not be talked out of it?  I know what I like.  Overall, not a good experience.
came back here recently, and the food just seems to get worse AND it cost $30 for 2 ppl which is WAY too expensive for chinatown. haianese chicken used to be my favorite here, now it just tastes so bland! also got the chinese broccoli with fish -- bland. the roti with curry was the only thing that was really good, though it only came with like 1 piece of chicken! poor/tasteless quality in food, high prices = bleh
This place was excellent! Me and my friend shared the Roti Telur and it was so, so good. Definitely a must order item when you go. For dinner, we were both less than satisfied with our choices. I had the Hainanese chicken and she had some type of fried noodles. The chicken was actually really excellent, except that there was a lot of fat/bones attached to some of the pieces (although it was definitely fresh, not the kind of fat that let's you know it was sitting there forever). The fried noodles on the other hand were really oily and definitely an all around disappointment, especially after the excellent appetizer. The reason I give this place 4 stars is because I feel like part of the reason we didn't LOVE our dishes is because we ordered the wrong things from the EXTENSIVE menu. I will definitely go back for a second round.
First time at the new Nyonya. Nice contemporary decor, big improvement on the tiki bar look. Still great prices, we noticed portions were smaller. There used to be long waits for a table, but there was no wait on a early Fri night dinner this time.
I come here often for weekend lunch with my younger daughter, and occasionally with the rest of the family. Favorites are roti canai, shrimp puffs, tofu satay, beef chow fun, and beef rendang. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The room is rather basic.
The food was great!  The place was clean with modern decor.  And, the prices were very reasonable!  It is located on a nice block with a wide sidewalk to hang out on.  Great place to go with your friends.  We had a great time eating at Nyonya and then just hanging out outside while our food digested.  Our group of 6 ordered a variety of dishes-including roti, beef rendang, fried snapper, etc.  All were excellent.
I think this place was just okay, but I will give it another try. I know there aren't a lot of Malayasian places to begin with in NYC, but I have been to the other restaurant they own Penang in Boston, which I remember being awesome. We ordered the roti canai, which was really good. I could probably eat that curry sauce over a bed of rice or noodles easily. We ordered the eggplant with shrimp, which was ok.. the shrimp were sort of pastey, we also got the malayasian style spareribs, which were way  too greasy.. I anticipated more of a salt and peper sparerib from a Chinese restaurant. We ordered the classic pineapple fried rice,which wasn't that good.. 1)it didn't come in a pineapple shell 2)it only had 2 pieces of pineapple in it.. and didn't have that sweet taste that it should have. However, I did order a malayasin iced coffee and it was good.. milky, sweet, but not overly bitter like some thai iced coffees can be. Overall, this dining experience was okay.. but I will definitely go back to be sure.
The food here was ok, but nothing spectacular.  We didn't get much, just the spring rolls, the satay tofu, and the sizzling seafood platter.  The spring rolls were ok (the sauce was very good, however), and the satay tofu was a little bland.  The sizzling seafood platter was actually very good, the shrimp and squid were very tasty and the sauce was just the right mix of savory and salty, but I can't recommend it because of the scallops, which a bit... off... almost as if they'd be laying out all day and they were trying to get rid of them before closing.
I'be been going to Nyonya since 1998.  For the past couple of years I maybe went once or twice due to a decrease in food quality, service, and trying newer restaurants in Chinatown.  I went last night and  I'm happy to say that their new place is beautiful.  The service was very good and the loved the food.  We got Roti Canai, hainanese chicken with rice and a duck/ginger soup, all was very good.  I usually order simple dishes  and all of them are under $8 dollars but you get so much flavor. They don't take credit cars, but the prices are reasonable.
I have been to Nyonya a few times over the years and each time the quality and quantity had been going down.  The only one thing that keeps going up is the price.  The roti canai was warm and soggy.  And chicken satay was warm too.  Personally, I think these were just re-heated.  My friends ordered the seafood casserole and it was mostly vegetable.  There was only 3 shrimps and a few pieces of fried tofu.  I ordered the beef chow fun...there was hardly any beef to be found.  I also noticed the food portion got a lot smaller.  If I paid two dollars more for the beef chow fun in a Chinese restaurant, I get about two times their portion.  As for the service, I feel rushed by the waitress.  We got the bill before we finished eating.  This restaurant was a disappointment.  I am sure there's other Malaysian restaurants in NYC that you can get better value for your money.
out of all the malaysian restaurants in chinatown, i'm pretty sure this is the best one. indian pancake (roti) is always a good appetizer dish as well as the beef or chicken satay. i usually order the same things when i go to malaysian restaurants, the hainanese chicken over rice, but i do like their noodle soups and noodle dishes. i should probably try other dishes. they let me substitute noodles too so if i like the tom yum but i dont like the thin rice noodle, i can order a different noodle. problem solved. their ices are good too as well as their selection of fresh juices.
i remain a huge fan of this place, but given their recent move across the street, they are MUCH slower in terms of service...
This is my favorite Malaysian place.  The roti is delicious, and you can watch as they make it from the outer window.  The clay pot pearl noodle soup has always been my main reason for eating here.  I always order it sans pork, because I dont eat much pork ever, but with or without I'm sure it will be equally tasty and soothing.  The prices are always low, and the staff is always attentive, no matter how busy things may tend to get.  They have plenty of appetizing sides and nibbles, as well as a full menu filled with delicious dishes.  It has a more comfortable feel than most hectic places down in Chinatown.  With warm lighting and wooden decor, it makes for an enjoyable and very affordable delight.
checked it out late last night with a few buddies and loved it! the roti  curry and beef chow fun were yummy and you can't beat the price at $6.50 a plate. also, great atmosphere for a hangout with friends.
Been here countless times, definitely a spot that i'll hit up when around chinatown. Authentic Malaysian food, great price, fast service. They recently moved to a new location, which is across the street from the old place. All-time favoriate dishes: Thai Chicken, Haimanese Chicken, Pineapple fried rice. Their chicken rice is also amazing. If you're in Chinatown and looking for a great place to eat and have a great time, this is the spot.
Excellent Malaysian food. Much of the menu is great. The curry fish head casserole is superb. If you want something green, go for the kang kung with Malaysian spicy shrimp paste. It won't disappoint. Coconut rice goes well with almost everything on the menu. If you're in a festive mood, get yourself a Singha beer, and if you like drinking coconut juice with a straw straight out of a coconut, this is the place for you.
We visited the restaurant for a late lunch, and the food was fantastic. We have not had authentic Malay food before, so we cannot vouch for its authenticity. However, Java Mee (egg noodles in fish sauce with dried squid) had just the right amount of spice and "hit the spot". Service was ok, and the waitress made a mistake in our order and gave us kangkung belecan in addition to our regular order of roti canai, java mee and sambal shrimp. Atmosphere was so-so, with several employees peeling and preparing vegetables at a table next to us. However, the restaurant offers excellent value, with a large serving of noodles/soup at less than $5.
When I lived in Little Italy (I'm now in Chelsea) I used to come here all the time. This place is amazing. Roti canal, Roti telur, Mee Siam. You learn a new language while diving head-first into a new culinary world. There's always a line, however, and for good reason. The food is cheap and the service is fast and efficient. Nyonya is the mother of all cravings for us foodies.
This is one of my fave Malaysian restaurants in NYC. It has a nice atmosphere...always teeming with people and has good lighting. A must have at this place and any other Malaysian place is roti canai as an appetizer (it's just an amazing crepe like fried dough that you dip in a aromatic chicken curry sauce). Another must have is Hainese chicken and the other chicken that has the carmelized onions on top. The aromas and taste are just heavenly.
it's okay...typical malaysian food.  hard to go wrong with indian bread and chicken on rice.  i've had better.
I cannot live without their "prawn mee." Love iced tea, too.Don't forget to bring cash. They won't take plastic.
This place doesn't even deserve one star!   The food is just okay.  I wasn't impressed with anything that I ate.  But I'm disgusted with Nyonya because my friends and I spotted a HUGE cockroach.  The wait staff came over to attempt to catch it, but it disappeared into the wall and they didn't even offer us an apology.
about the closest you can get to singapore hawker food in manhattan that i know of. love the nyonya young tofu which is more like fishpaste stuffed veggies and tofu in soup, roti but best of all is the homemade chicken broth. a very clean restaurant setting yet wonderful delivery too!
Great Malaysian food at bargain prices. Quick business-like service. Cash only
go just so when someone asks you where you had dinner you can say "Nyonya"..and they'll go "what's that all about?"  And you'll be all "Nyonya business"...and hilarity will ensue.
Good Malaysian food with exceptional value!  My husband loves to the beef rendang.  And the hainan chicken with rice is good too.
we first found out about nyonya on yelp of course ;) as we waited in a quick line, i spotted a familiar face in the crowd--top chef hung!! of course, i had super high expectations after reading all the reviews on yelp, and seeing a top chef there nonetheless!! what can i say? nyonya surpassed every expectation and then more. in fact, after our first experience there, we went back at least once a week for the next couple of months haha. the best dishes? of course, the roti canai, the chow kueh teow, the eggplant and shrimp with malaysian sauce and the beef rendang. we've tried just about everything on the menu and have never come across anything that was bad. the only dish i didn't really care for was the prawn mee, but that's just a personal thing as it was a bit too fishy/seafood-y for my liking. aside from that, this is definitely one of the best deals of the city and great for a low-key night out with a bunch of friends. i've brought countless friends to nyonya after discovering its yummy goodness and i have yet to meet one person who doesn't love it! the prices are super reasonable and i guarantee that everyone will leave with full bellies and satisfied smiles.
i highly recommend this malaysian restaurant in chinatowni love their roti canai, chicken and beef satay with peanut dipping sauce, hainanese chicken, mango chicken, pineapple fried rice, and rojak (some type of malay salad with jicama)very decently priced, i like this place better than penang (and i think penang is also more expensive)
The closest I've found to real Malaysian food outside of Malaysia and trust me I've searched.  The roti canai isn't perfect, but it's very good and once again the closest by far to the real thing that I've been able to find in the states.  I really liked everything I got, but some of my friends got some Chinese dishes they really didn't care for, so I would advise sticking to the Malaysian and Thai food and take a pass on the Chinese food.  It's also very cheap for what you are getting.
Whenever I am in New York, Nyonya is one of my "incontournables", I just gotta have it. My favorite Malaysian restaurant. Very good and so simple and cheap.
Service was frenetic for lunch. I went with my sister. I had the mango chicken was fairly delicious except fo rthe chicken, which seemed a bot overcooked.
Great place for south Asian food! Spacious inside but still full at weekend dinner time, might need to wait for a while. Their Indian pancake and coconut rice are classic! Everything else we ordered are great too! Will definitely come back when I think about Malaysian food~
As one of the first staple restaurants I always went when in need of a Malaysian food fix. The new location across the street is a bit tighter than the original spot packed with table and people eating at all times of the day.Service is quick but polite. The food is always hits the spot and there is a reason why it is popular. The portions are reasonable except for the appetizers which seems to have gotten smaller especially popular picks like the roti canai.The Kang Kung is also fresh and depending upon the cooks in the kitchen how much of the fish paste they put in ranging from mild to scaring every white person in the restaurant. Nyonya always does its job of a satisfying dinner no matter what you order...okay except that baby oyster omelet starter. Just stay away from that oh and don't order every dish with curry in it...yeah....definitely don't do that but otherwise a good meal. Oh and the downside is it is cash only. I'm not a big fan to cash only establishments in the 21st century. It is called the cost of doing business.
The food was alright. We had the ribs, hainanese chicken (1/4), mango chicken, beef skewers, and chicken dumplings. The beef skewers were pretty good and so were the ribs. However, the hainanese chicken lacked the depth of flavor I was hoping for and the mango chicken was mostly every both mango or chicken. More mango, if anything, which felt strange. Maybe that's how it's done traditionally- mostly veggies, some mango, very little chicken- but it wasn't for me. The chicken dumplings were decent, but again, nothing special. The dough was thick and gooey, and the filling lacking in juiciness and flavor.We also ordered thai iced tea (twice), and it didn't come out either time. Overall, I would not come back for the mediocre food and VERY sub-par service.
Came for Father's Day. They don't make reservations for parties smaller than 8- so we came EARLY to avoid waiting. CASH ONLY.My Dad wanted Malaysian for Father's Day- which is surprisingly scarce in NYC. We ordered 6 or 7 dishes, all of which were delicious.I'm not well versed on Malay food so I didn't have any expectations. But everything was satisfying, generously portioned, and appropriately priced. Thumbs up!
I've been here a few times over the years. But two days ago, I ordered the prawn mee and got food poisoning. Never again.
Nyonya is still great! Came here with my parents on a Thursday night. Was crowded, but we still got seated right away. Their hainese chicken is so juicy and flavorful! And what's better than the rice with chicken oil? Ask for the coconut rice! Its fluffy with just a hint of coconuts. The curry bread was ok, I think a bit underdone. We also enjoyed the string beans! Will need to come back here more often :)
Affordable and fast place in between Chinatown and Little Italy. Each item is around 8-9 dollars, which is incredibly affordable and the food was flavorful and memorable. Wait time also wasn't that bad on a Saturday night.Ordered Roti Canai, Indian styled chow mein, and chicken and vegetables in a taro nest. Roti Canai was as expected, crunchy and flakey, with a pretty yummy curry dipping sauce. The chow mein had crunchy textures and different bits and pieces hidden in the flat noodles. The taro nest was a breaded taro nest with typical stir fry veg and chicken, but it is a cool play on the taro dim sum dish where you see this technique.
I found this place through yelp. We went in during their lunch specials. Great pricing. However, the service was disappointing. We didn't get our drinks till after our food arrived. We had to ask for refills. And they never checked on us. It was not a busy time so I'm not sure why we didn't receive good service. The food was OK nothing to rave about. I guess for the price what got what we paid for. FYI, they only take cash.
Found this place here on Yelp, with great reviews. The place is very popular, and we had to wait a while for a table. Decided to go for the fried noodles, and was a bit disappointed. They didn't really taste a whole lot. But at $7.95 it is a great deal.The menu is huge, and they have a lot of food for a low price. I'm going back to try out another dish, but right now it is three stars based on the noodles.
Hainanese chicken! Only 10 dollars for half a chicken, very good bargain. I especially liked their dipping sauce, which was sour and spicy. The soy sauce beneath the chicken was flavorful yet not too salty. The chicken was better than any places that I have ever tried in Hong Kong.I wish I could rate it more stars. As good as I can think of. Even I came in during late afternoon, the place was completely filled.Cash only.
Been here a couple times, but came back today with my husband since he's never really had good Malaysian/Chinese food. We got the pearl noodles, roti canai, hainanese chicken, and Malaysian spareribs. Everything was good, except the hainanese chicken doesn't compare to other hainanese chicken we had in a different country. I knocked off one star for the service as some of the waitresses provided little to no customer service. Other than that, food is good enough for you to stop in.
OMG. I wish I was able to take pictures of the food but.. I was too hungry. First off, my parents recommended to go to this Malaysian restaurant because they've been there before and said the food is good. So I went with my family of 6.5 (a baby for the half hahaa) during dinner time about 7pm. We were seated soon. The menu was great for the kids and the adults as it contains English, Chinese and pictures of the dishes. Cutting to the chase, the food was delicious. We ordered the young chow fried rice, shrimp with lady fingers Malaysian style, shrimp with string beans Malaysian style and curried beef. The fried rice was good, it wasn't overly flavored. The veggies were yummy and the curried beef wasn't too spicy because sometimes I just suck with spice, but my goodness, it was good! Also, the beef were perfectly tender. Yumm!I would definitely go back again next time with family and/ or friends and next time, I'll get photos!
The selection of Malaysian food in chinatown is pretty limited. This is one of the two places left now and location wise, this place gets plenty of foot traffic. The food is decent, but I think that both the food and service had kind of went downhill since the competition decreased. I ordered my usual hainanese chicken rice and the rice tasted a little sour as if it had just passed its prime. The server was nice and offered to exchange it for another bowl, but even with the new bowl of rice, it still didn't taste right. We also ordered a stir-fry noodle dish with sauce, which we could barely stomach due to the amount of salt used to flavor the dish (imagine noodles drenched in salt water thickened with cornstarch).  Bottom line, I was disappointed since this is one of my usual go to places to eat in the area. I guess I'll have to wait till I go to Asia for some good Malaysian food!
I had dinner here with my sisters and the wait was less than 20 minutes even though the place was jam packed with people. The appetizer I ordered was the Roti Canai. It was alright, nothing special. I wasn't too hungry so I didn't order any entrees and only took bits and pieces from my sisters' dishes and they were really delicious and flavorful. The portions had seemed small at first but at the end everyone was full. The waiter wasn't attentive. After we placed our order he was gone and never to be seen again. (-1star) For dessert I had the Fried Green Tea Ice Cream which was a generous portion that was able to be shared amongst the four of the people in my party.Bathroom: (no star deductions) The bathrooms had glass stalls, and while i used one my sister used the other and she said she was able to see what I was doing... and how much tissue I had unrolled (because the rolls weren't in the dispenser.) Overall it was clean but I was wearing a really long cardigan and they didn't have a hook in the stall either.**CASH ONLY.
The food is very American-Chineselized Malaysian...Recommend: Hainan chicken, curry beef, coconut pudding, Malay vegetable, crispy bread with curry.Nothing was really mind-blowinly good. But super cheap for a big dinner. We came with a group of 9 people, ordered 11 dishes and dessert. It was only 21 per person including tax.The crispy bread with curry was good. But it's usually pretty good in all the Malaysian restaurant. The Hainan chicken is tender, and nice seasoning. Favorite was their Malay vegetable, definitely love the sauce.Don't recommend: seafood stir dishes. Tried couple of their seafood dish, nothing was really impressive.
Food is ok. Service is terrible. I placed an order on Seamless to pick up at 12pm. Nyonya called at 11:45am saying they don't accept pickup order from seamless and they wanted to cancel my order. I told him to hold and called Seamless and the representative called Nyonya begging them to make an exception. They REFUSED. Then the representative agreed to pay for the delivery fee. Nyonya claimed that the order is late, so the food can't be delivered before 12:30pm. I can't believe how arrogant this restaurant is. No exception for pickup orders? For the record, I've been there before, they do accept pickup orders if calling them directly.Update: It's 12:48pm and food is still not here. DON'T ever order delivery here!!!
I absolutely have a soft spot for Malaysian food, especially from the streets of KL and Penang. Coming back to New York this time, I was pretty stoked that my friends wanted to take me to try Nyonya, whom they've ordered from so many times. After waiting for 15 minutes to be seated, we were ready to devour the curries and spices that were about to come our way.Nyonya deserves a solid 3.5 stars for their food here. To be honest, it may have been my decision to venture off from my usual staples that got me good food, but not HOLY COW tastes in my mouth.I ordered the Masak Lemak with shrimp and split the roti canai/prata and wings with my friends. The roti was fluffy and good (especially with the chicken curry dipping sauce), but a bit small in my opinion. I'm too used to massive size pieces of roti especially when ordered to share. My lemak was good with the chili veggies all mixed in, but the shrimp wasn't anything mind blowing. Perhaps being on the lunch menu made it less exciting?Regardless, Nyonya was good for what we had. If you've never had Malaysian, the staples are typically some form of roti, Char Kwey Teow (stir-fried flat noodles), Laksa (curry noodles), and Nasi Lemak (traditional Malaysian breakfast with rice, half-broiled egg, anchovies, nuts), all tossed with sambal sauce.Next time I will definitely return to try more of these staples to better judge what Nyonya's got! Definitely would recommend them if you've never had it, and go for the popular choices above for some good Malay cooking.
It would not call it asian fusion but rather a restaurant that can't decide on which cuisine to serve and ultimately settles on offering several cuisines but excels at none.
Amazing food. I've come here for multiple times and I always get the Hainanese Chicken. Its amazing. The chicken, sauces, and crisp vegetables mixed well together. Also chicken broth rice was great too. Even though South Eastern countries are known for putting milk/coconut milk/cream into their dishes, I hate it. But I got the Chicken Curry Noodle Soup and it was great. I wont get again but the noodle was amazing. Vegetables Malaysian style are amazing for those wanting to try out more authentic versions of the cuisine there. Service was nice. So much better than the one in Brooklyn 8ave. Like so much better.
Arrived just before 6pm on a Friday and things were relatively calm; there was a line out the door and a decent wait. Menu is a bit of a hodgepodge with Malaysian fair and trendy Chinese-American food (sigh).  Food is really really tasty; great complex flavors, solid execution.  Our beef rendang, pasembur, and masak lemak were superb - best Malaysian we've had in the city.  Fresh ingredients with a lot of love put into each dish.Price is very reasonable for this quality and quantity.  Service is something to be desired.  They only seat you when your entire party has arrived, unless you speak their native tongue in which they will seat you immediately, even ahead of people waiting to put their names down, and with partial party.  Staff can be MIA and food took 35+ mins to arrive after we placed our order.If you don't look Asian, or if you're a mixed couple, you're placed in the front of the restaurant with the other non-Asians.  Just saying.If it wasn't for the (lack of) service and potential wait, would return in a heartbeat.  Great meal though!
