The food here is spectacular in taste and in price. Last night I stopped by and shared a plate of veg chow mein ($7) chicken momos (8 pieces/$7) and had some hot chai with it. I'm usually noodles-aversive but I LOVE the chow mein here. Definitely give it a try the next time you're in Curry Hill.
3 star review. But, it's more of me not being able to appreciate the Nepalese style dumpling versus believing the food is not authentic/not taste good. I'm sure there are a lot other people who thinks that this is an awesome place. I got a veggie momos to go- after hearing an article is written about this restaurant's dumpling when it used to be located in Jacksonheight, Queens so I decided to give this place a try.  The momos take about 20 minutes to prepare, so it's best you call ahead of time to order rather than waiting there for it to be ready. The dumpling itself has an interesting filling and the dipping sauce yet- its flavor combination/taste just felt a little too foreign in taste for me. I guess I am just more used to of a fried dumpling & Chinese style dumpling? 6 dollars for 8 dumplings! Pretty reasonable, especially for an establishment in Manhattan - considering it's probably not cheap to own/rent out space in Manhattan.Still, not quite my cup of tea yet again, it's probably only just me.
Seeing all the great reviews on Yelp, decided to try it this weekend. Its a small, neat and clean place. This cuisine is new for me but I presumed it will be close to Indian food in flavor and took the plunge.Got the sel roti and chicken momos for appetizer. Sel roti is made of rice flour and is a donut shaped pastry.Looked a little oily but tasted quite mild in flavor. The dumplings or momos , on the other hand were so moist and flavorful. It was served with 3 sauces.Got the goat thali. For $12 , it's a steal in NYC. It had rice, dal, vegetable, 3-4 types of chutneys and goat curry-All delicious and homey.The chicken chow mein was delicious and tasted like it's made in india(which I love).The mango lassi and Gulab jamun was delicious as well.
This place is like your family's kitchen. Small cosy atmosphere right when you walk through the door with the Indian music and wall murals. Quick service in regards to food coming out. The goat Thali was definitely the favorite of the night and ending it with hot jamun is perfect :) Only thing is - they weren't very accommodating to one person in our party who was gluten free. Tried to ask for plain veggies- and they said they couldn't do that.
What a find this has been! I've dined in here 4 times in the last month. Too bad they don't deliver to my address.The beef sekuwa is hands down my favorite. I thought it'd be the momos (which are awesome too) but the sekuwa is just divine. Perfect barbecue, crispy and tender. The thali is very satisfying and filling. I am one of those who love karela (bitter gourd) so I always ask for an extra helping. The sandekho are delectable. And I tried the tingmo last time. Soft and yummy. So far I've yet to order something I didn't like. The place is small, and the wait staff is also small, but very attentive. Visit this place asap.
Was gonna give a 2 until I had the noodles, which came out 45 minutes after everyone else's entrees. Clearly they were homemade, but man, 45 minutes is kinda bad. The optimist in me will say that my horrific service experience was a one-off occurrence...The noodles and dumplings are really good; the platters are nothing to write home about. The menu is inexpensive and there was no corkage fee (honestly, they might not even be aware that they're BYOB). I won't be going back, but would recommend the noodles.
Finally an authentic Nepali restaurant without having to schlep all the way to Queens. There is a reason lot of Nepalese people visit this restaurant. I am Nepali and the food at Dhaulagiri reminds me of all the food I grew up eating.The restaurant is listed as Himalayan/Nepalese, Indian and it leans mostly towards Himalaya/Nepalese. When ordering food mind keep in mind that Nepali food flavors are different from Indian food. This is not the place for you if you are looking for Indian flavors. If you want to try Nepalese food or are already a fan of Nepalese food then definitely try Dhaulagiri.  Dhaulagiri is small, with very few tables. The service was ok, they were attentive enough. In my experience places like this you can always flag down one of the staff when you need something, and given the size of the place this is not hard to do. My favorite at Dhaulagiri is the momos! I think this is one of the best restaurant momos I've had (and I have had a lot of momos including in Nepal). The chicken momo was very flavorful and super juicy. The achar (sauce) were great, there were 3 different ones to choose from. I mixed all three to create my favorite momo achar. If you have never had Nepali food then start with momos. If you are feeling a little more adventurous then go for the Thalis.
Staff here is quite nice.Got a sel roti along with beef thukpa noodle and a butter tea. The prices were reduced it seems on the bill as it came to 11 exactly. (2 for sel, 2 for the tea tea and 7 for the soup) I think the soup was originally 8 or something similar. No tax either.Sel roti was excellent. Proper texture. Was served with some pickled vegetables. For those who have not heard of this, it's kind of like a mix between a donut, a roti, and a piece of bread.Beef thukpa was excellent as well. The beef is kinda like jerky and the soup had plenty of spice. Noodles were good. Large portion for the price. I would have finished it there but I had to leave so i brought it back.Butter tea was a large mug for the price. Solid also.Excellent meal. 4.7. Will be back for a lot more. Great change from the local block.
This being my birthday week (yes the whole week!) my lady and friends wanted to take me somewhere new, I'm always game.We entered and I was excited - "oh cool Nepalese food!" Note - Overall my rating is based on the experience, obviously your experience will vary.When we arrived my friend handed off a birthday cake (no surprise to me, thanks :) to the waiter for storing the refrigerator, he took it and away it went.We had some questions regarding allergy issues, specifically shellfish as one member of our party is allergic to shellfish. I asked the waiter about the Wai Wai (noodle "soup") broth, he kind of shrug off my question we interpreted as him not understanding. We laughed about it but weren't worried since there are no mentions of shellfish items on the menu. Okay.Collectively the party ordered: 2 beef sukuti (jerky beef) thali and 1 chicken thali, wai wai noodle, 1 chicken momo, 1 vegetable momo, 4 pieces of roti (one for each of us), 1 butter tea, 1 coca cola 1 fanta.The butter tea had paper in it, we sent it back and said we didn't want it any further, they brought us a fresh one. They acknowledged the issue but didn't listen to our want. hmmMy friend ordered a diet coke and they brought him a standard coke, he was OKAY with it but again - they didn't get it. The two bottles of soda were warm, we requested ice and they said they didn't have ice. hmm They then acknowledge the issue and brought two very cold soda out in place of the warm ones, my friend (a waiter that works on Korea way = busy!) asked why they didn't just bring the cold sodas in the first place!?Note - not once were the staff mean, rude, attitudey. Just wanted to clarify they weren't seeming to be jerks.Food:1 friend didn't dig the sukuti beef, the other didn't mind, hmm for them lol.The wai wai reminded us of some chopped up top ramen, not bad but not special either. The Momos were tasty and a good decent portion.The roti was also tasty!The chicken thali I shared with my lady was alright. The meat is on the bone and well there isn't all that much meat, but the price isn't that high either for the thali, which they will refill the sides on the thali if you want, especially the rice :) The sauce was tasty but SUPER oily, so maybe don't drink it. I really liked the green dal and what looked like toasted Rambutan slices?Besides the paper in the butter tea, we didn't like the drink anyway. I wouldn't have sent it back if it didn't have paper in it, but I wouldn't drink more than one sip of it again. It's like drinking warm milk and butter as a drink, mmm - no thanks again. The place has a B rating from the city, usually I don't mention this but the paper in the butter tea is a bit off putting. Unless 2 bottles of soda are $8 total it seemed like they charged us for all of the sodas, hmm.My friends didn't mind, again the wait staff weren't being mean in anyway, my friends didn't bring it up.Overall:Wait staff are friendly but may not understand everything being asked (contents?).Food is tasty but some things are not worth (wai wai) their cost or the aftermath. Cleanliness is questionable (paper in butter tea)I wouldn't return for anything except the momo's. But that's not enough to get me back. I would like to see them polish the business up and continue to improve, they are decent. oh and one last thing...member the cake?Yeah the waiter brought it back to my friend vertically, and my friend lost his shit, lol. Good news was the cake was okay when I got home, just squished a little.Yup icing on in the cake.
Tasty and inexpensive Nepali food! Get the chana chat and wai wai soup. Chicken momo are good, but sadly the buffalo lacks flavor. The three momo dipping sauces are quite spicy rather than fragrant and flavorful like other achars I've had, but still good. The cilantro one is great and no nuts or seeds in the momo sauces if you're wondering about allergies. Sometimes the tomato achar at other places has sesame. Very cozy and inviting restaurant tucked away; you might miss it if you don't look carefully. Definitely will go back here again!
Was brought here by a Nepali friend and thought the food was fantastic. The Chicken Momos and the three dipping sauces are a must order. Also, found the WaiWai and Chili Chicken to very delicious. Momos are tasty dumplings. WaiWai is a spicy noodle dish with a great texture. The noodles are slightly crunchy and there's cilantro and fresh lime.
I've never had Himalayan/Nepalese food before, but if place is representative, I'll have it again! I shared momos and a combination platter with some friends. There were some items I didn't enjoy, but that was more of a personal preference than due to the restaurant. Happy I've visited, and the prices are super reasonable!
Came here with a friend who grew up in Nepal - she says it's the most authentic place in Manhattan.We ordered the chicken momo to share and each got our own chicken thali. For anyone not familiar with Nepalese cooking, it tasted to me like Indian food but without the cream and plus extra spice. The entrees come with daal, chickpea curry, rice, spinach and a bunch of other fried/pickled vegetables. My friend mixed all the food together and ate with her right hand so I followed suit.The waiters are gracious and will bring you a refill on any of the things on your plate, if you ask. But one helping is more than enough food!4* is for the meal's taste and value. Ambience is nothing special but when you're essentially getting a bottomless meal for $18, who cares?
Are you kidding me? Are you fu**ing kidding me? This place is a real deal. I know a good food when I eat one and fellas this is it. This is that place. Everything is really good. And the price is just ridiculous for Manhattan. A complete set of Thali for $12? Really? This is best deal folks. The same thali in Babuji in east village is going for $60 as chef's tasting menu :) I am originally from Nepal and I have always been a fan of Thakali Kitchen. And to have found this place so far away from home is like finding an oasis in the desert. Please go ahead and try this place. Everything in the menu is just so good. And also the Chef (Nirmala didi ) is so friendly and she occasionally comes out of the kitchen and talks to us about the food. I really find this place homely. This is my go to place in Manhattan. In past couple of months, I have taken more than 10 guests to this restaurant and guess what all of them just thanked me for showing this place. And to add to its greatness, this place was featured in Andrew Zimmern's Bizarre Food (Travel Channel). And fells, this guy knows a good food and he would not have visited this place for nothing. So, if you are in Flat iron area and craving for lunch/ dinner then definitely go to this place. You will not regret for sure.
Loved the buff momo over there and the thali. It's always busy but the customer service and the food over there gives you authentic feeling of being in Nepal.
Well, this brought some memories. I come from the Himalayan belt so I'm a huge fan of the cuisine. The best part was the momos and if I wasn't so full I'd try some more.Will visit again 5/5
I went to their jackson heights location awhile ago (before they moved). I have to say the rice was DEELicious, along with the meats and vegetables. Sadly, I didn't order the right roti, but it was still good. Goat Thali ftw!
So ecstatic that this place opened up in Manhattan. Food is as amazing as it was when this place was a tiny hole in the wall in Jackson Heights. We had chicken momos, pork thali, and samay baji. All very delicious and filling. When you get a thali, you can request to keep adding rice, lentils, vegetables and so on until your hearts desire. For people who don't like bitter gourd (karela): let me just tell you that it will be there in the fried form, and pickled form in  your thali and samay baji. It is bitter as it is supposed to be, but it is an acquired taste. Update: After hitting this joint one too many times, an update about the service being very slow. They wrote down our order and still managed to get an item or two wrong. They had to confirm the order and seemed genuinely confused when they brought out the wrong item. Appetizers come after the main. Food still great and the saving grace.
This place is absolutely AMAZING!! I was so happy that I got to eat all my fav food and it was delicious! I want to come all the way to New York to eat at this restaurant .
Good but very slow. Seems like they have severe teething issues given it's a new place. Slow service and they forgot to get two out of the four dishes we ordered.Out of the two dishes we were actually served we got the aloo dum and the chicken chowmein which were both pretty good and had the perfect spice level. We also ordered the sel roti and chicken momo's but never got them after waiting for nearly 45 minutes. After which we just asked for the check.Love nepali food and had high expectations. Definitely want to give this a second chance and will return in a few months when they have settled down to a manhattan pace of life.
the momo is kind of gross and the staff is totally incompetent
The chowmein and lassi were both amazing. Basic restaurant in terms of ambience. Reasonably priced.
It's a new Nepalnese restaurant around the neighborhood. We had chicken thali which was ok- chicken didn't have any flavor.  The small dishes on the side were stander but very small portion compare to other Nepalnese restaurants in Jackson height and Woodside. We also had chicken momo- which taste like goat :(Than we order one more veg momo- the wrap was good as far as staffing has curry flavor. Best dish was soy bean dish which was good flavor. I could use a bit more spicy to it :)
This review is only for the momos, which I got as takeout for lunch recently. A very good friend of mine is Nepalese and she is the one who introduced me to momos. We would always make them at home, wrapping them and making the meat fillings ourselves. And then there's the achar sauce...just bomb and unreplicable! My favorite version is primarily tomato-based. Thus, my standards for momos are prettyyyy high. I've tried them in some of the Chicago restaurants and they're always underwhelming. I didn't have high expectations here either, but I was in the neighborhood and when I passed by, I started craving them.I got the beef momos, and everything was prepared in a timely manner, bout a 15 min wait. The front staff server was friendly but efficient. 8 for $7.95, not too bad. Although there was a $10 credit card minimum, she didn't charge me, which was cool!When I got home and finally tried one...I was pleasantly surprised. The meat filling was spiced well and nicely gingery, very similar to my friend's version. There were 3 achar sauces provided, and one of them was too spicy for me (weak Asian) but I enjoyed the other two. Delicious delicious delicious! I have yet to try other momos in the city but I am def returning to this one. The only downside to these momos were that they were a bit greasy...I'm used to eating them steamed (so good!) so I wasn't expecting the extra oil at the bottom of the container. Otherwise, solid solid momos. Give it a try!
There is a Tibetan proverb that goes... When going to an eating house, go to one that is filled with customers. Such is the case here. I have no idea what I ate, but it was a nice spicy chicken - served on a large mixed platter, recommended by the waiter. It was exceptionally good!The momo dumplings were quite unmemorable - you can find better in this town with ease. But again, the entree "platters" were great. A little hole in the wall, or should I say basement, with the most interesting food - clearly outside of the norm as far as food comfort zones go - that's all the more reason to try the place.Clean and well lit. Friendly service. Perfect for an adventuresome lunch. However, I was perplexed by the B rating on the window front. If they get rid of that B, you will see a lines out the door.
A great find!Great lunch. You can get a nice platter with so many different flavors on one plate. For 14 dollars seems well worth it. I had the goat thali which had some amazing flavors. This is definitely a no frills place but so good.
Great food, large portions. Service is decent and there's a decent variety of options for the size of the place. The meat is verbally confirmed HALAL. I intend to go back again!
So glad there is a Manhattan location for Momos! The thali is as good as it gets, also recommend trying Wai Wai sadheko with fresh green chillies and then Sel roti and chiya to end your meal !
I would absolute question the quality of food here. Some of the item that are in samai Baji had a pungent smell like those food were prepared few days ago and not fresh. Choila didn't taste like Choila at all in Samai baji. Momo was mediocre at best. I was happy when this placed opened in manhattan and was happy that I didn't have to go to Jackson heights to try Nepalese food but after repetitive bad experiences at this location, I would not hesitate to hike to Jackson heights for a quality Nepalese food.
This is my ideal hole in the wall place for authentic Himalayan Nepali Tibetan food.The prices are really reasonable and the portions big. I love the Veg Thali. If you want your food hot, ask for them to bring out the spicy sauces, yummy hot. The veg momo is the best dumpling I have ever had in my life.
Its an amazing restaurant. My favorite is newari samay baji. I have never had that tasty food in other nepali restaurants in New York. Also, I go there for lunch too. So, momo and chowmein are one of the bests.
Great authentic Nepalese food in the city. I love their Thalis and everything else tastes great as well.The food doesn't take that long and the portions are great. Everything on the thali tastes different yet delicious. The waiter and waitress working there are friendly and attentive. The place itself is very cozy yet pretty spacious and clean.I always come here with my Mom for a late lunch.
A taxi driver who said is from Nepal said this was the best in town when I asked.  Indeed it was good.  Some pickled vegetables was very unique especially for those who are expecting their dishes are sort of variation of Indian foods.
One of the best Authentic NEPALI Thai in NYC.It's good to see Nepali Restaurant in Manhattan along with Indian Restaurant which gives customers a choice to taste different food .
I've been there for 3 times with my friends. Thr fried chicken momo was out of this world with the three different kinds of sauces to satisfy my cravings. We also ordered the chicken thali and lamb thali. However, I didn't find the chicken gravy tempting. The price is reasonable. I would go back for the waiwai saadheko and the fried momo.
Incredible food at an amazing price. The dumplings were delicious. This is a must go!
The most amazing place to eat late at night. The restaurant is filled with Tibetans and Nepalese eaters who love coming here late into the night. It has an authentic atmosphere and the food is spectacular, yet simple. Try the momo, the tingmo. The thalis are some of the best you'll ever have and the soups are popular in cold winter night. I come here for midnight snacks. It's unbeatable.
One of my go-to's in my old neighborhood.  Definitely recommend the beef sukuti, momos, and tingmo.  I guess most people might think this place as "adventurous," but good food is good food.  Open late and everyone here is kind.  I had a Nepalese taxi driver once and we were talking up this place.  Try the butter tea in winter!
Goat brain, goat liverMomos and delicious sauceThis place was awesome
I literally was crying on the table with the spoon on my hand - the food just reminded me of home back in Nepal.The nicest part about the dining were the staffs checking us for any items on the Thali (that's what we had) that we would like to have more. Similar tradition is followed in Nepal where the guests/customers won't leave the hotel with an empty stomach. So much satisfied! Thank you New York! Thank you Dhaulagiri Kitchen!
This was one of the worst services I have been to. We came here for dinner on a Friday. The rest room door open the whole time and the smell was really bad. We pointed it out to a couple of the wait staff who didn't bother closing the door.The waiters didn't bother taking the order until 20 minutes after we were seated. It was very disorganized. After our food arrived, and we started eating, the waitress asked us to move seats. We asked her for the reason and she informed us that the seat was reserved for a party of 6 so they had to merge the tables. After telling them that this was not great we agreed to move. Just a minute later, they seated another couple in the same spot. When we asked the waitress what was going on, she said "it was not a big deal" and didn't bother apologizing to us.This really is one of the most disorganized service in the city.
Excellent Nepalese food. Thali platters are excellent, as is the Buff. Buff is of course Buffalo. Mango Lassi and MoMos were excellent.
I am sorry to give 3 star. The food is okay we ordered chickpea as appitizer. Thali for the meal. The problem is with management they didn't trained the staff to treat the guest in the right way. We are in the restaurant having appitizer the waiting staff started cleaning the restaurant the restroom was opened smells bad. At least ask as to  move some other place. no respect for the guest. If you are looking for restaurant to dinne have comfortable food this is not your place. This is almost like fast food. I hope they change there attitude towards customers. Please give some respect. The overall experience was bad sorry guys.
AMAZING. It was recommended by a Nepali friend who raves about it and says the momos taste just like home. I also love that everything is made to order - it takes a little longer but so freshh.I can't remember the names of our dishes but I know where they are on the menu and I cannot wait to go back!pro tip - pick up beer from the store up the street! the place is BYOB.
1st time eating Nepali food. His place has fantastic food, had the chicken Thali  platter, chai tea and fast service! Would have loved to give it 5 stars. 3 stars due to beyond dirty bathrooms and lack of toilet paper and smaller amount of food for price.
The service here was great! The food was pretty good but the menu was really quite different from any other Nepalese/Himalayan restaurant I've been to. So some of my favorites weren't even offered but this place was good. The restaurant lacks any ambience, so get take out and you won't be disappointed.
This is a terrific, and  authentic Himalayan/Nepalese restaurant that was previously located in Jackson Heights.  Having been to Nepal, years ago, I must say that the food here is every bit as good as it was in Nepal, if not better! Certainly, out of the several Nepalese restaurants that I have been to in the US, this one has the best food, by far.  It is quite small, downstairs and hidden, so it is easy to miss it, if you don't go out of your way to look for it. If you want unique, delicious food go look for it!  I had the goat thali platter, and every item was great. Did I mention that you can get unlimited refills of vegetables, lentils or rice (for $12)?  Yes! Not only is the food great, and authentic, but it's a very good deal. Certainly, this is not a  "fancy" place, but the owner is friendly and accommodating and the food is all made in house.  I had the best vege momos that I have ever had, and the dips were wonderful, and unlike anything that I had ever tasted before.  If you would like excellent food, I would highly recommend giving this place a try.
If you're looking for a fancy place you probably don't want to come here - go somewhere else instead of writing a bad review.But this super relaxed and down to earth place has the tastiest Nepali food in NYC for unbeatable price. It's a steal. I don't think they deserve anything less than a 5 star.
After her grand success of offering home style cooking at Jackson heights Kamala  Didi has done a great job of opening this place in Manhattan and anyone who loves her food and has never been to Lexington would definitely go there, just as I did.                   Food was as amazing as it was earlier and I guess even better now coz I can get a table now .The price is also reasonable and the portion is big. If you don't know than I want to tell u one thing this place is not like the other commercial restaurant where u have to stick with the menu but be kind and request the food in ur choice too. She would go beyond and make it up to ur liking  but do understand one thing you need to be patient with ur time of waiting. If u are really hungry and don't have enough time than please do ask prior to ur ordering what's available quick than complaining for the service being slow. As long as I know the food here is fresh and she and her team is doing a great job. I would definitely recommend my friends and people who has been to the Himalayas to try the food here.
Same delicious food with upgraded/spacious digs.  Moving to Manhattan has not compromised its authenticity or quality. Very friendly staff who is always willing to add an extra helping of food should you so desire.  Excellent addition to the Lexington neighborhood!
Loved it!! Went there yesterday and now I'm a huge fan. Whenever I visit NYC, I am in the lookout for Nepali food (reluctant to go to Jackson heights though) and being super close to Manhattan, Dhaulagiri Kitchen is now my permanent Nepali food fix. Everything we tasted was A+, chicken momo (comes with 3 sauces), samaya baji set and what not. I was expecting the price to be a little higher because of its location but NO, they are so reasonably priced that I couldn't stop myself from giving a big tip.Don't expect it to be a high-end place - look past that and you'll love the food here.
Unique food and style of eating. I've been to this new location and the old one in Jackson Heights. Food is on point at the new location just like it was at the old. I got the curried fish Thali that other day when I went and it was great. In case they don't ask you, which they usually do, remember that you can ask for refills on rice and all the side dishes that come with the Thali.
Very good place. The restroom is next to the dining table of other customers (get the picture). Very small restaurant but the food and waitress' hospitality were great.
Love that place! Karmala the owner is very sweet and the food is excellent! A great place to go to if you miss Nepal.
We tried the chicken thenthuk noodles and the chicken Thalli and were not disappointed! It was a rainy day, so the noodle soup definitely hit the spot. This was our first time trying Nepalese food and this place felt very authentic and true to the palate. Also, MOMOs. So good and I wish more people knew about these yummy dumplings!
Just went here for lunch. Was brought here by my Nepali coworker. Glad he introduced me to this spot. The Momos here are wonderful. Rich flavors, juicy, and tender. The pork and beef were my favorites. Looking forward to returning. It's a nice little causal place to grab lunch or a quick dinner. Nothing fancy, but if you are into good food and are a bit adventurous this is the spot for you.
I developed a taste for Nepalese food after trying it in,of all places, Helsinki, Finland.  It is a mixture of all the various cultures in the region, including India.  Still, Dhaulagiri took it to a totally new level with the way they seasoned the food.  For an appetizer we ordered Beef Thali and Chicken Thali as well as entrees of Beef Chhoila and Chicken Chhoila.  The entrees came as a box with very generous portions of various vegetables. So, the appetizers were not necessary. The entrees were $12 each.  Be sure when you order to asked ithe waiter how spicy dishes are.  Ours was prepared very spicy, the way I like it. If you need expensive interior features, this not for you.  If you like well-prepared, exotic food, try it.
Couldn't be more happier that this place has finally made it to the city. Great Nepali food. Don't shy away from many of the other options on the menu besides their amazing Thali. Try their SamayBaji. I love their veggie Chowmein and Sel Roti.
This has become our go to place. The food is authentic and very tasty. All Thali menus are really yummy and do not feel shy to refill till you are full. My best ones are goat sekuwa and gundruk achar.  Also their staff is really nice.
Dhaulagiri kitchen serves one of the best and authentic Nepali food. Their buff momo and goat sukuti is  something to die for. Every time I go there, it reminds me of some small local joint of kathmandu! The service can be a bit slow, but its worth waiting!!
First of all, it was hard to find such authentic Nepali food in Manhattan. Now we get the chance. I very first time tried Nepali food was brought by the owner of this kitchen. That was Samay Baji, and yes, that was the food I had most pleasure. I later described it as "intensive pleasure". :D This place is much bigger, but even back to the old days they had only a "hole on the wall" in Jackson heights, I wouldn't mind at all to eat there. I enjoyed anyway. I tired several Nepali restaurants in Jackson Heights, few of them are very decent places. I guess they go by the name and decorations? Anyway I still prefer this one, and I love Kamala's Nepali food all by my heart. The taste is clean and sharp! I would definitely recommend this place to any eaters who like spicy food, or don't mind to try something different. For me, their food is not just different, but also special.You can make comments on the service, but I think I was served very well. I guess the service some times really depending on your luck.I'm glad to see this place in Manhattan, everybody please try.
Huge Disappointment. After trying Himalayan food in Queens, we were excited to try this when this place opened much closer to home. The chicken curry was 80% skin, fat, and bones. Really poor cuts of meat. The lamb curry wasn't much better. Rice wasn't fresh and lukewarm at best. Also, beware, they will sneak in an 18% tip without any warning. If you don't notice this on your bill, you'll end up tipping twice. For a better experience, take the 7 train to Mustang Thakali Kitchen.
Unbelievably delicious momos, momo sauce and Nepali Thali. The green dal in the thali may be the best dal I've ever had. So delicious and free refills on the thali rice and sides ensures you will never leave this place hungry.
Reasonable portions (thali, noodle dishes, momos). Very attentive staff who are Nepalese. Cozy atmosphere. Looked like a lot of Nepalese come here.
I lived in Nepal for two years previously and was missing the food, so I arranged dinner for a group of friends. We were 27 on a Saturday night, which was a tight fit but the restaurant were very accommodating.The vegetable momos (dumplings) are decent (a bit heavy on the ginger) although the dipping sauces were all terrific 4/5Lassi 5/5Aloo dum was amazing, and a big hit with the whole group 5/5 I ordered the vegetable thali. The mustard greens and vegetable curry are good though nothing special, but the lentils were excellent and their achars are some of the best I've ever had. Overall, thoroughly satisfied 5/5My friends got goat, beef, buff, chicken, and fish, which were all generally liked. Almost none of them had tasted Nepali food before, and all of them liked it. They're all looking forward to going back! The service was great (they answered all my friends' questions and the food came out quickly), and the price is very reasonable. Be warned: some of the food is quite spicy! Authentic, flavorful, filling, fast, and a price that's hard to beat. Overall: 5/5
First time trying Nepalese food. Delicious meal. Great service. I will recommend my friends
Nice little Tibetan/Nepali place on Lexington, very small but the food was great.  Don't know what I ordered but it was spicy and flavourful and I drank a wine bottle sized bottle of water with it.  Really enjoyed the meal and will go again next time in NYC
Came here with a Nepalese friend; food is as good as it gets. Small neat place where the food is the only shenanigan. Fish curry was delicious and so was the bitter gourd. Feels like home cooked meal with no unnecessary cream/butter added in to enhance the taste  -something that a lot of Indian restaurants in Manhattan can learn. And, their cooked chai is pretty solid too. Will definitely go again.
Purely authentic Himalayan / Nepali food. Source: first hand knowledge of such ethnic food.
I'm a regular in their jackson heights location. I try and make it there every weekend, for the rest of the week, I dream of their potatoes and fried bitter melon. I just found out it opened near my job. I ordered from them twice so far and the Nepali thali is authentic and taste the same as their queens location, but now they deliver to me. I'm so happy. I would recommend their chiola thali its perfectly spiced. I'm not a fan of their chicken curry thali, but their dal and sell roti are fantastic.
We went to this place twice for dinner and lunch, we  loved the thali(platter), and samay bhaji was just wow, being Nepali, we were looking for authentic Nepali food, Dhaulagiri Kitchen was the ultimate answer for it our kids loved momo(Nepali dumplings) and chawmin. We really wanna thank chef for preparing such a wonderful and mouth watering food, looking forward to comeback and try some other dishes of the menu. Thank you again.
This place looks like a hole in the wall but it is absolutely a must-try.  The owner/chef is so friendly and very patient to explain the dishes.  Free refill on some of the food if you ordered Thalli.  Authentic and low-key, this place is nothing like the nearby Indian restaurants, which could be tourist traps/pretentious/unreasonably expensive.  Everything on the menu is well worth the money - it is so reasonably priced!
Feels like home when I visit Dhaulagiri restaurant. Love all of the dishes in the menu, sukuti thali and samaya baji being my favorites! I was so glad and proud when I first heard they opened in Lexington ave. I always had to go to JH whenever I wanted to eat Nepalese restaurant. The standard of the restaurant itself has leveled up from JH to Manhattan which was definitely required. I highly recommended this place and whoever have come here by recommendation said it was the best so far! The only thing which can bother a few people is that the place can be full of Nepalese customers speaking the language. The place is growing!
Great little restaurant, super friendly wait staff, food was great. Service was a little slow at times, but there was a larger than normal party in progress, so it was understandable.We ordered beef and chicken momos followed by thali's all round, beef, fried fish and the fish curry. Fried fish was a little dry, but overall all was exceptionally tasty.Ever attentive owner Denish was quick to replenish, including bring a plate of crispy bitter melon slices for my wife.Will revisit.
Whelp, I'm sorry to see them go from Jackson Heights but wish them the best in Manhattan. Hopefully they can do a ton of business there Because it was the best Nepali food in Queens while it was here. Definitely recommend to anyone in any situation.
LOVE this place.  The food is delish, the staff members are friendly and attentive and the prices are awesome.  We got the beef thali platter, the chicken chow mein and the chicken momos.  The thali platter includes a variety of different vegetables which were all delicious.  We can't wait to go back to try some of the other dishes on the menu.  The noodle soups that other diners were having also looked very good.
Finally, found the restaurant takes you back to your hometown flavor. I have been looking around a lot of nepalese restaurant to find homecook taste within my budget. Very convenient to me because its only couple of blocks from my college (Baruch). Totally my lunch/dinner place whenever i feel crave i hop in...not to mention their great customer service. THUMBS UP!
Service was slow but food was good. Since it's only Nepali restaurant in lex, it deserves 5 stars..
Absolutely Delicious.. the Real Deal !!! Authentic Nepalese / Tibetan Food ... highly recommended
I have been trying all the Nepalese restaurants ever since I moved to NY. I have tried almost all the places in Jackson Heights but nothing can beat the authenticity of Dhaulagiri Kitchen. Although this place is small and doesn't serve any alcoholic drinks, you can bring your own drinks. I love their Bhutan, Sekuwa, Skukuti and Momo the most. The location is also so close Manhattan.
This my favorite Nepali Restaurant in the entire country. Highly recommended :) Thalia, Samay Baji, Waiwai Sandheko are quite good. Also liked their Sekuwa and Momo.
If you miss Nepal and taste of home, come here - the best and right place to be.... to enjoy your thaali and other authentic Nepali cuisine amidst midtown.
Am terrified after eating here. Keeping my fingers crossed I don't end up with food poisoning. We got the veg chow mein noodles and the veg momos. Found a strand of hair on our chow mein and the veg momos were rubbery.
Best for authentic Nepalese food Thali, cell-roti, Samaya Bazi, momo, Thukpa and you can add as many times as you want in Thali.
Some of the best food I've had in years! The bhutan curry was simply fantastic. It's a small place, but was super packed (for good reason!) and the owner was just the nicest woman ever. The Momos were really good, definitely try the Buffalo ones. The prices weren't too bad either.
The Momo's were delicious and the sauces they come with are to die for! I'm so happy they have opened up in Manhattan. I used to take a trip to Jackson heights for Tibetan food-- so happy that you can take the 6 train to 28th st Murray hill for Momo goodness!
The only Himalayan eatery in Manhattan. The thali is a must have. authentic Nepali food
This is by far the best and authentic Nepali food I've had outside Nepal. This business' Jackson Heights' location was already amazing and I'm so glad that they have one in Manhattan too. Anyone who wants to try real Nepali food should go here. Their Indian options are very good too. Highly recommend!!!!
Food was really good and the price in comparison to Manhattan,I am pretty sure you won't get this deal anywhere around the neighborhood.People want a very good quality food and A grade hospitality spending 15 $ per personand they keep on giving bad reviews,I have a sympathy to those people who don't know about Food and Hospitality and keeps on opening their mouth wide(There are thousands of places in the neighborhood where you get water served By the Buss-Boys and your food will be brought to you by the Runners and in the end,Captain will be there to ask how the food was!!!).People are aware about the money their pocket has and people needs everything in a penny;Wake up Folks!You guys are at the most expensive center of the world and you should motivate these sorts of restaurant where you can fill up ur belly spending only 15-20 $ per head.Dhaulagiri is doing a very extraordinary job and we all should support them rather than criticizing.Thats what we eat in our country and have some respect for third party food,Culture and tradition.Some people in the reviews have tasted urine in their life and they were saying the food was of that taste and I am pretty sure they might have tested Shit in their life too.Some People as I can see sometimes are staying an hour long after their food is over but at least give a space to someone if they are standing on the line please.Thank you Dhaulagiri and Team for representing us for the first time in Manhattan.
