Found this spot randomly while visiting a friend. Relatively small portions, but it's enough to fill you up.  Good selection of "quick eats". Can't go wrong with the soup dumplings. They were delicious and it's nice to not have to travel all the way to Chinatown to get them. Pretty nice decor and attentive service. I would go back again if I'm visiting my friend in the area.
Unfortunately my second attempt still remains at two stars. The soup dumplings just didn't pass the super test. Baby eel was swimming in an oil pond and barely edible as white pepper salt and msg came up to the pond's shore. Morning Glory with three egg and shrimp was basically gobs of ingredients mushed together without even a toss but a smacking of salt everywhere. I would not recommend this place unless you are dying for Shanghainese-ish flavors and one weeks worth of sodium intake in one slurp. Though I get it. Second Avenue Shanghainese is more convenient than Flushing or Chinatown. Sad .... the amends we make for convenience in this city.
Finally found a good neighborhood Chinese place!!  5 stars because there seems to be no proper Chinese restaurants in the 30s and 40s. Here's what we tried:*Crab soup dumpling: not bad! I won't need to trek somewhere further to satisfy my craving. Ok, more soup would be nice, but it was still good!* Pan-fried pork dumpling: at first I thought it was a bit doughy but it was good!* Scallion pancakes: had a little chewiness that so many other places lack and the hint of garlic in the accompanying sauce was great.* Pork belly: so tender and good, eat with rice* Rice cakes: tastes how it should
Very solid Shanghainese place! I am glad more are opening around the city and I no longer have to go to Chinatown or compromise for Joe's (which really is not that great). Obviously the soup dumplings must be judged: very flavorful meat and broth (no hint of fishiness in the crab ones which is wonderful), although the ratio of the two could be re-worked a little (need more broth and less meat). The dough is nice and springy (not doughy) but still not thin enough for my taste (the ones at the Bao were perfection- too bad they don't serve them anymore). 4/5 for the Xiao Long BaoTheir soups are absolutely delightful- the two I have tried Fish Soup and Yan Dou Xian are both home runs. 5/5Will have to come back to try their dishes one day!
This place was surprisingly great. I came expecting great soup dumplings and average other stuff, but all of their food was actually amazing. It was like a Chinese grandmother chef was cooking for me. The food was very nostalgic.The soup dumplings were better than any I've had in New York. Wonderfully flavorful broth and a good textured skin and meat.I had a multitude of dishes, but one that I really do recommend is the Lions Head meatball. It has an eggy surprise in the middle.5/5 yumyum
We wanted to get soup dumplings before we went back to the South (the land of terrible Chinese food). Little Alley was lovely, and not far from our hotel. The place is stylish and the service was attentive and helpful. But they don't serve hot tea. First time I've ever had a Chinese restaurant do that. Anyway, the dimsum was really great. The standout was a shumai with ground pork, mushrooms and sticky rice inside the wrapper. Absolutely delicious. Soup dumplings were also great. The Emperor soup dumpling is huge and includes a straw to drink the soup!We also ordered thick noodles and sautéed chicken with hot chili. Noodles were good, but the chicken was really terrific. Szechwan peppercorns, hot chilis and peanuts dry fried. I could've eaten a whole bowl of it by itself. SO good.
Yes their soup dumplings are good, especially considering it's midtown. However, the best dish in our meal was the Shanghai rice cakes. They were QQ, depth of flavor, and not covered in a thick sauce. Eel & chive dish could have been warmer but that's because I'm used to the style where they prepare it tableside with hot oil.
"Food is good but the flavors are too strong for my taste. If you are from Shanghai, you'll definitely love this place. Food are too greasy though, feels like fast food take-out.... Some of the staff we're not that great. The lady who took our orders were nice and accommodating. This place.... it's kind of over-rated..."
We found Little Alley while searching through Instagram, and it looked so good we decided to make a reservation for my birthday.Not only was the food delicious, but the service was awesome! Our water was never empty, and the server was so attentive.This is going to be a birthday tradition!
I like the authenticity of the menu. Most of the food choices delivered on flavor and reminded me of things I grew up eating. The pork soup dumplings had a nice clean soup, not too fatty. The skin wasn't too thick and they were tasty. The pan fried pork buns were some of my favorite. The dough was just doughy enough to hold in the juices and the meaty goodness. The Shanghai noodles were chewy and had a nice wok flavor. The twist of the lion head's meatball delivered. I wish the chicken with the chili just need a touch more spice and ma-la. I wasn't as big of the fan of the Shanghai shu-mai, the skin here was a touch too thick for me. The pork and bamboo soup needed more umami.  It's a bit loud in there but nothing horrible.  Overall, it was a good meal. Service wasn't overbearing and it was a good dining experience.
Very good, especially focusing on Shanghainese food. Great soup dumplings and loved the salted duck egg taro dish. Only complaint is on pricing - definitely a little more expensive than Chinatown given its location.
I don't normally write Yelp reviews but I just had such a terrible dining experience here and vowed to never come back 1. We waited 30 mins before we got our food2. The portion was TINY. $18 for 4 small pieces of pork belly and two pieces of broccoli. What a rip off3. They over charged on our bill. The total was $47 but somehow they charged $64. Good thing I looked at the receipt. The food itself was okay but I would not come back because of the terrible service. Not worth the headache.
Was passing by and decided to walk in.  I'm used to Shanghai places out in Monterey Park and this had a much much nicer decor. I decided to try the crab soup dumplings which were nice. The soup was nice and obviously had a fishy/crabby flavor which was unique to me, but still good.  I think I'd probably prefer the standard pork next time I just didn't go for it since I'm so in love with Din Tai Fung out in Pasadena.I had the little alley's lion head, which as the reviewer below said is similar to a scotch egg.  The duck egg is cooked in the middle of some flavorful ground pork. The sauce was great, slightly sweet, but went real well with the dish and kept the pork from feeling too dry.  Service was on.  They also serve aloe drink, which I don't often see in too many restaurants.
This is my first time here, traveling from Philadelphia. My friends and I came here to try the emperors soup dumpling. We ordered three of them and then after 5-10 minutes of waiting, the waiter comes out to tell us that they are out of it since last night. I wouldn't have came into the restaurant if we would have known that to begin with. The soup dumplings are okay. I can get those in any soup dumpling restaurant in Chinatown in philly. The one thing that I really enjoy is the Shanghai shu Mai. I do not think I'll be coming back here for food even thought I would have liked to try the emperors soup dumpling.
I really don't understand how people rated this place 5/4 stars? Even 3 stars got me scratching my head, but I get it - having access to Chinese food is hard to come by when you are in the middle of Manhattan.This place talks a good game, but food is mediocre at best. For half the price you get the same food, same quality in Chinatown at a Cantonese restaurant (yes, I realize that this is a Shanghainese rest). I'm Shanghainese, so when I read that the chef of Little Alley came from a long line of cooks, and was born and raised in Shanghai, I was optimistic. After the tasteless (over sweetened) Kaufu, the (Chinese takeout style) scallion pancakes, the (overly salty) sea bass, the (tougher than Chuck Norris) vegetables...I had enough. Got the check, paid $90+ for a two people meal (no drinks) and walked out. I have no idea who the chef is, but you definitely grew up in a different part of Shanghai than I did.Bye for good.
Live in Murray hill and waited for this place to open.Ventured in mid-week early in the evening. We typically eat at the bar and sat down. Within minutes we realized the seats were so uncomfortable & access to the bar was awkward. You really couldn't eat at the bar... strange.So we sat at a table...omg..the most uncomfortable seats ever.. felt like park benches. On to the food...NOT impressed at all. Soup dumplings were dry & very salty. Tofu dish was mediocre....I'll stop now.
The staff is polite but not very accommodating The marinated cucumber - I'd skip this it isn't well executed.  It was a little warm instead of room temp or chilled.  mixed vegetables - The sauce is very mind in flavor Adding protein is expensive Crispy beef - the pcs of meat are too small to be fried, you don't feel like you're eating meat.  Tasty sauce.  The portions are crazy small If you aren't a pork eater this place isn't for you.
Little Alley delivers big Shangainese flavors...enjoyed the dumplings and everything that followed! Excellent food + attentive service + fair pricing = winning combination.
This was a little Shanghainese place that we ducked into after my class in the Murray Hill area and it surprised us with some tasty offerings.  The crab and pork soup dumplings were pretty good with thin skin and just the right amount of soup.    I liked the three sauce condiment dish with the julienned ginger, chili paste and vinegar.  It was neat and petite. The sweet and sour sparerib appetizer was also just the right amount of savoriness.  Little Alley connotes street food dishes of the Shanghainese, perfect bites of comfort.  Our shared entree, Dong Po Rou, braised pork belly was perfect with that melt in your mouth goodness for which this dish is known.  The white rice in the cylindrical bamboo holder was not only a cute presentation but it was also a good backdrop to the richness of the pork.  All in all, it was the right amount of food and taste for a late evening taste.  The staff I might note was attentive without being intrusive.  Glad we dropped in.
I came here for dinner on a Friday night with a group of four.  It was pretty busy but we only waited like 10 minutes for a table.  The place has old school Shanghai decor from an old telephone booth to the menu printed on Chinese composition paper.  We ordered the two orders of the crab soup dumplings, two Emperor dumplings, Shanghai stir-fried thick noodles, and sauteed chicken with hot chili for the four of us.  The crab soup dumplings were solid - has plenty of crab flavor and the skin was thin and not too thick.  The Emperor soup dumpling was mostly soup with some pieces of crab meat.  It was too much soup for me.  I probably would never order this again, really just ordering it for the novelty of eating it.  The thick noodles were tasty and chewy - at least there were some vegetables, pork, and shrimp.  The chicken with hot chili was delicious as well but there were way too many chili peppers which didn't make it really spicy at all.  I think the place is clean and the concept is promising.  However, the execution of some of the dishes need some work.  I think there is promise and would give it another try.
Perhaps I'm spoiled by Flushing and Chinatown, but the only thing this place gets any credit for in my book is the service and the decor of the place. Stop reading here and go to Chinatown or Flushing. If you're curious why I rated it this way, keep reading. My friends and I came in during a pretty light hour on a weekday to have some dinner. We ordered the spare ribs which had a great sauce but was room temperature - not acceptable by Asian standards as most Asian restaurants serve food hot as a way to let you know it's hot off the stove and fresh. The same happened with the dong po pork which was only 4 small pieces. We held our breath and hoped the saving grace, the Emperor Soup Dumpling - it's claim to fame (seriously tons of videos on social media about it) would sway us. In Chinese, soup dumplings are considered steamed pork buns or Xiao long bao. So imagine our surprise after having drank and drank and drank it to find that the whole thing was flat - no meat whatsoever. This just a gimmicky insult.Still not satisfied we ended up getting the steamed pork buns. Good - not great. Seriously, if you really want some great food go to Chinatown. If the business is reading this, please please please work on getting a better recipe. You've got people interested but these offerings aren't going to make them come back for more.
Nothing makes me happier than walking into an ethnic restaurant of any kind and being the only white person. You know it's a gem. Had dinner here alone the other night and ordered waaaaaayy too much, but it was worth it. Crab soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and the thick Singapore noodles. All amazing. The first two are the best I've had anywhere. I can't wait to come back and try more.
Ordered the veggie dumplings and cucumber starter - really enjoyed it all. I will be back here.
Little Alley is amazing - super pleased to welcome it to the neighborhood! They have some of the best soup dumplings I've ever had
This place has a great ambiance with very interesting dishes and super creative cocktails. Highly recommend for a date night or even take-out. Very authentic! I want to come back for brunch to try more things off the dim sum menu...
Yay! A shanghainese restaurant in midtown east that's yummy and affordable!!! -Throws confetti around- I think they're still in their soft opening phase - but my family has gone twice in the past 3 weeks. Food : Good taste! Price : Affordable! SAME as Chinatown... but...Price per Volume: RELATIVELY but REASONABLY pricey. (More on that later in the post) Lemme focus on the food first. Summary: Both times - Great times! Their xiao long bao shell was thin (but not fragile), good amount of soup, good filling. Soup dumpling is yum too - you drink it with a straw! And... I don't think you're suppose to eat the dumpling shell... it's hard as a rock! Mongolian beef could be fried a bit crispier, but the flavor was spot on. Crab tofu was great! Pineapple rice was okay. There was this fried whole fish in pepper sauce they had as a special on Father's Day that was pretty good - papa said it was a LEGIT shanghainese dish. Can't remember the name of it. I just really appreciate that it's a real Chinese restaurant - the staffers have some broken English, they're playing Chinese pop songs, the food cooked as it was intended, their selection of menu items (please offer tea as a drink - that was the most dissatisfying thing!) . They didn't try to rebrand a known Chinese Restaurant concept to artificially cater to a non-Chinese demographic. They really took a Chinatown restaurant, and plopped it in Midtown and I love it. Now, regarding my comment on the relative but reasonable pricy-ness... So, when you look at the menu, it's priced great - prices you'd expect to see from any Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, but their portions are about 1/2 the size. HOWEVER, my family and I are of the opinion that they've portioned it well and priced them reasonably for its location. (Every situation needs to be looked at with context!) In Chinatown, you'd order one dish, and that's enough to feed 2 people just fine. (Talking about shared dinner entree) But you never order just one dish - you order 4 dishes for a table of 4, plus the rice on the side. And what happens? You end up lugging home boxes of leftover food that you're suppose to eat for the next 5 days (yay! Save on lunch money!) but Thursday office happy hour rolls around, someone's birthday on Friday, Smorgasburg over the weekend, and you end up with moldy rice and questionable chicken. :(
The hostess said it was at least a 40-minute wait, and we waited. Once seated, we ordered both of the soup dumpling dishes and the eel entrée, but all of these dishes were sold out! We were there before 8pm. No recommendations on what dishes to order instead. Their menu has less than 50 items, and they did not have 3 of the 4 that we ordered. Also, for a Shanghainese restaurant to run out of soup dumplings is the equivalent of a pizzeria running out of pizza. They then looked at me like an alien when I asked for hot tea, which they do not have. We carried on and ordered the ribs, carp, chili chicken, and dong po pork. The ribs and carp were both stone cold and way too sweet, the chili chicken was so salty that I couldn't finish it, and the dong po pork was bland. In the middle of dinner, I saw a flurry of large soup dumplings leave the kitchen. I asked one of the waiters if there were more large soup dumplings and he said he'll go check. He never came back. Of course, once we were done eating, we were delivered a large soup dumpling with a straw sticking out. I didn't actually order it but whatever, it's here. I slurped the soup until I was disappointed to find no meat inside the dumpling.To make matters worse, we saw the waiters stop by at least 3 times to ask the Caucasian couple next to us if everything was okay, but they never once stopped over at our table. Meanwhile, our plates were littered with rib and fish bones from our second-choice appetizers, and they did not have the foresight to change them or refill water without us asking. I took my dad here for a belated Father's Day dinner and the whole experience was immensely embarrassing. I still tipped them considerably well but this place does not know how to do business and the food is meant for people who don't know good Chinese food.
It's hard to find a chic Chinese restaurant where the food is authentic.  little Alley though sits on a big avenue, the interior does feel a bit like the little alley from China. Wood furniture, old phone booth and very nice and warm staff.  The Dim Sum is surprisingly served fast and truly authentic!  I tried radish puff, crab meat dumplings and pot stickers!  All of them are super good! I hope the chef is reading this post and I want to thank him/her to bring authentic dim sum to midtown!!! I will be visiting again soon!
I so want this place to succeed. Have lived in Murray Hill for 4 years and there's a reason it's called Fratty Hill. We normally don't get "nice things." Little Alley has the feel of a Flatiron/Nolita fusion spot, but the menu is very traditional Shanghainese cuisine. Pricing is very reasonable. And did I mention SOUP DUMPLINGS? The soup dumplings here rival The Bao down on St. Marks, or dare say Joe's Shanghai? Yes, I do. We got the regular- sized ones, but they also have the mammoth version that come with a convenient straw in the middle. While the dumplings were the highlight of the meal, and worth the visit alone, the pork belly was also good. We tried the jellyfish as well, just to say we ate it - can't say I really recommend. Well. Why are you still reading? Go get some soup dumplings there!
Stupid Murray Hill doesn't deserve this place. Every single item they make is phenomenal. This is like some heavenly meteorite that missed its destination. The pork soup dumplings are fabulous, and you can't find a single item on the menu that isn't impressive. So far, I've test driven chicken and chives, Shanghai thick noodles, curry beef fried rice, and all the vegetable sides they do (lately one with taro root, carrots, ear mushrooms, and snow peas) are perfect. Fresh ingredients, nothing overcooked, just fantastic.
I found the food to be really tasty, authentic and elegantly presented. It's little on the pricy side for the small portion of dishes, but overall I cannot say enough good things about the speciality Shanghainese dishes. The steamed dumplings had really thin skins and flavorful soup -- among the best in Manhattan. If you have to pick, try it here!
I give this a place a 4.5 star. The staff is very nice and I thought the atmosphere was nice as well. We went to this place after we saw the giant soup dumpling;however, I feel like it's overrated. It's a fun idea but I thought the skin was too tough and there wasn't much taste to it. However, I loved everything else! The jellyfish with cucumber and pork dumpling was so good. After ordering only one pork dumpling, we ordered another one! It is definitely better than the emperor dumpling which is not worth the hype
Surprisely good authentic Asian food in Murray Hill! To start we order the soup dumpling, it was perfectly cooked and juicy.  I highly recommend it!!  For entree we ordered the eggplant and the fish in red wine sauce. Both also very delish!   We also ordered the shanghai rice cake which was not bad but not my fav.  Service was also spot on! So over all this place is definitely a great addition to the neighborhood!  I highly recommend this place!
The best soup dumpling!Small portions.I would only order soup dumplings at this place!
My friends and I waited for about 40mins to get a table, it was fine since it's a popular place on Friday evening.The service was pretty good. However, it took a while for the food and the food tasted light. Maybe I enjoy food which is more spicy and heavy, but all my friends didn't enjoy the dinner that well. Personally, I will not come back again.
It's the best place for great Shanghainese/Jiang Nan food! Hope they can keep this quality and I would say it's the best Chinese restaurant in the city! I like their soup, soup dumplings, everything! Will come back for sure!
Thought this place was great! Friendly staff and prompt service.  Clean, modern and stylish space.  Food was delicious! Fresh and flavorful.  I will be back!
The food was pretty good. I had the smoked carp which had little bones in it. I don't remember seeing a notification on the menu or being told by my waiter. I also had the pork soup dumplings which were very good. For my entrée I had the lion's head which was very good but a little small. Overall, I had a good experience but the place was very loud. I would eat here again but it wouldn't be my first choice. The old rotary telephone booth added a cool touch to the place. The sign in the window said "soft opening" so I will remain optimistic that this place will tighten up and provide a better experience.
I recommend: the red braised pork belly, the lion's head meatball, the sticky rice shumai, the bok choy with oyster mushrooms, and the Shanghai thick noodles.
We were as usual hungry for Asian food and found this restaurant next door.We ordered and shared Crab Soup Dumplings, Pot Stickers and Shredded Pepper Steak.Fantastic. The dumplings were excellent as well as the other dishes. If you are afraid of hot spicy food order medium spicy. We love spicy food and mixed the chili with soy sauce. Mmmmmm
The comments I heard from friends about this restaurant vary, some said the dishes are not authentic enough and others said they have pretty good Shanghai food. Hence, I decided to try it out by myself, and I just rejoice that I came. I am not from Shanghai, but I do come from southern part of China and I find the dishes here better than expected. I came with a new friend, and we ordered the steamed sea bass, a traditional soup with bamboo shoots, bok choy and tofu skins, and finally the tofu with crab meat. I love the sea bass, since it tasted just like home. It was light but tasty, with scallions and gingers on top, giving it a most delightful taste. The traditional soup was fine, but I'd expect it to be less diluted and normally the container should be a casserole while here they just used a plain bowl. The tofu with crab meat was nice. The crab meat in it was real, but I think they put too much ginger in it and I personally don't prefer the taste of ginger becomes stronger than the dish itself. The environment is cool and the menu is creatively inserted inside an envelope, very innovative while nostalgic, reminding me of the old days back in primary school where we used the exact same papers to write essays. Overall, I will give a 4 star to support it. Given there are a lot of Shanghai restaurants in town, this one cannot be ranked at the top, but it should be within top 10.
I came for dinner, with high expectations after reading these Yelp reviews. I've visited Shanghai and was instantly hooked on the food and this place definitely got my hopes up. Long story short, Little Alley offers an authentic menu with an inauthentic taste. Overly sweet and salty dishes ruined the experience. Also quality assurance is non-existent, i.e. How can scallion pancakes barely have any scallions?
New neighborhood gem in Murray Hill!! Really unique, tasty Shanghaiese cuisine, which is far more savory than the usual Chinese fare. We had the Baby Eels, the Rice Cakes, and, for dessert, the strangely addictive "Corn Pie". Definitely looking forward to next time...
I live in the neighborhood The place looked interesting and there is a dearth of good Chinese. We do not eat pork and there is an abundance of pork on the menu.  I inquired if I could substitute chicken or tofu for pork in a dish (not dumplings). I was told it would cost $8 extra for chicken and $6 extra for tofu to be substituted for pork!!!!!  That is ridiculous !!!
Really excited to have another new addition to Murray Hill. The restaurant is at soft opening now. Hope they do better later on. In general, food is OK. Expected more focus on food given the price range. It is not American Chinese, but not authentic comparing to other Shanghainese places in town.Service is friendly. Place is clean. Would give a 4* if at least either size bigger or lower price.
I ordered the Yan Du Xian to go. I don't know how much monosodium glutamate the chef put in the soup. It led to my monosodium glutamate symptom complex. If you really want to cook good soup, please use more natural stuff but not glutamate. Monosodium glutamate is considered as a condiment, not a main ingredient. Btw, I did not have this symptom in other Chinese restaurant.
Came here yesterday with a friend and was pleasantly surprised. Lunch specials are nice and have some different dishes than what you normally see. We first shared the pork soup dumplings. Not the best ever, but solid. I then had the spicy fish and tofu lunch special. Really delicious and wonderfully mouth numbing (I personally love that feeling,,lol) The hot and sour soup was flavorful as well. You get a choice between a spring roll and pickled cucumbers, too. I half-jokingly asked the waiter if I could have both, since it was my birthday (it truly was) and I couldn't decide. He happily said "sure". Very sweet! The spring roll was crispy and had discernible veggies in it and the pickles were nice, too. I also got 10% off the bill for signing up for their newsletter, so, in the end, it was a lot of good food for a nice price. I'll be back!
Reasonable prices. Came to try pork soup dumplings ($8). Also tried vegetable dumpling ($8) and sweet and sour pork ribs    ($10). Complementary white rice. Great place. Definitely recommend. RESERVE. RESERVE. RESERVE. Very popular place.
Definitely the best dim sum I've had in midtown (although my experience is more limited here than downtown). Great consistency / flavor, and they take care of your order pretty quickly. One of my go-to spots
Stopped in for a quick bite. Had a wonderful "Lions head" meatball. Great service, very friendly. Sat at the bar and the food came out fast. All around great place.
Great food, great atmosphere, and excellent service. We had the emperor soup dumpling, thick noodles, pan fried pork bun, shu mai, won ton soup, and scallion pancakes. Everything was fantastic, the staff was extremely attentive, and the food came out quickly. I've had better shu mai before, but other than that everything was excellent.
Had a 1 p.m. reservation on Sunday.  Unfortunately, they were out of at least 4 of the 10 or so dim sum options on the menu.  The pork soup dumplings were the highlight.  The dough was light and the filling balanced.  Everything else was just ordinary.  With all the amazing dim sum and Chinese food in NYC this just wasn't worth it.
Soup dumpling was great, Yan Du Xian was right, Shu Mai was correct, lions head was amazing. Overall awesome shanghainese good. Recommend.
Don't get the giant soup dumpling. Instead of having meatball in there it's literally just a hard shell with soup. If I wanted chicken soup I would've just ordered a bowl of soup. The skin is mad hard and you can't eat it. Such a waste of flour.
Amazing neighborhood spot with food that isn't neighborhood  at all. If I didn't live in the area I'd travel for it.
Soup dumplings and bok choy dish were really good! Nice to have a more authentic Chinese restaurant like this in the Murray hill area.
Great pizza ever! The he place is clean and the stuff I are supper friendly ,  went there for lunch cause it's close to work . Will make it my special restaurant from now on! Recommend
This Chinesse food restaurant deserves a rating. Food is amazing prompt service with reasonable pricing. A plus for the higiene serves as example as well. keep it up!!
Oh my god, as a Shanghainese I finally find a restaurant serving authentic Shanghainese cuisine in midtown Manhattan!!!! It cures my home sick.
Went here yesterday for a date with my lovely lady. We had a glass of wine before and then sat down for dinner at 6(promptly seated with reservation). We ate very leisurely and were not rushed at all.  We had the soup dumplings, shumai, sweet and sour ribs, lions head meatball, and black pepper beef. Soup dumplings rivaled even the best in China town and the black pepper beer was magnificent. All other items were very good too. Great staff and good ambience.
I've been to Little Alley twice this past month for lunch and both times had very positive experiences. The waitstaff is super attentive (as one of the other reviewers mentioned your water glass is never empty which I appreciate, especially during the hot summer days). I had the scallion beef one day and pork dish the other day - both were lunch specials that were served with hot and sour soup and pickled cucumbers that were delish. Only bummer today was that they were out of brown rice but other than that, food was really tasty. My friend and I split the vegetable dumplings the first time I dined here (not a fan and the waiter was kind enough to remove that charge from our bill). Today my friend and I split the crab soup dumplings as our appetizer which were delicious! I think the portions are very generous as well. I would definitely recommend this restaurant. Not sure why there are negative reviews.
Today was my first visit to this amazing Shang Hai restaurant. They provided excellent customer services and the food taste Fabulous. I highly recommend their fish dishes especially the sour cabbage fish soup. Basically everything I ordered taste like home. I had tasted multiple Shang Hai restaurants in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens, but this is the only one that made me want to come back again. The best part of this restaurant is the bar because they provided excellent wines.
Little Alley is a great addition to the neighborhood! The design is clean and modern; the atmosphere was young and hip; and the service was fast and friendly. The Crab Soup Dumplings were the highlight of the meal, followed by the Sauteed Chicken With Hot Chili. The Pork Soup Dumplings were good, but not exceptional. Wine and beer selection was limited and could benefit from a few smart additions. A few days after my first visit, I was pleasantly surprised to find that everything also traveled well and arrived hot and fresh by delivery. Overall, a solid option when you're in the mood for Dim Sum.
The food was excellent. The pork soup dumpling was tasty. The scallion pancakes were crispy and tasty. Loved the taro with salted egg sauce. The servers were attentive. Will be back again
The food is definitely tasty BUT the portions are small with respect to lunch and entrees. For the price point I'm hesitant about going again only because of the food portion.
The dim sum we tried were delicious.we tried kaofu(?)it was a new experience, but a good one. We had the pepper steak and Shanghai noodles for the entrees both were terrific. The wait staff was friendly and helpful. Try the iced herbal tea.
The food was good; however, as we were finishing our meal the hostess came over and said there was a reservation in a few minutes and they would need our table. Why would you seat us there and treat us rudely?
3.5 star but because it is one of he very few shanghainese restaurants in Manhattan, I give it four stars. The food is ok. There are better choices in flushing.
Was okay.. looked better than it tasted. Saw a Facebook video with the emperor soup dumpling and it looked amazing but meh. Cups were dirty as well, had food stuck on it.
Very authentic shanghai food! The dishes have just the right balance of favor. The decoration has a JiangNan style which suits the theme.
Very chic Chinese restaurant.  The food was very delicious and authentic.  I ordered a few very traditional shanghainese dishes such as white cut chicken, tossed fragrant tofu with Ma Lan Tou and stir Fried Shanghai thick noodle for my friend to try, they were all very good.  The service was good and efficient.  This restaurant is new but I think it will do very well.  Strongly recommend it.
I passed by this place a few times. I was so exited to try it. And I really wanted to like this place. I live one block away. Just not good. It's basically expensive Chinese food you can get a lot cheaper in your local Chinese restaurant. First, we got the jellyfish. It was ok. People may not like the texture but I grew up in this stuff so that did not bother me. We got the pan fried pork bunn, which tasted like a regular pan fried pork dumpling. The filler was a hard tiny round pork. Then we had the shumai. The filing had too much rice not enough pork. Then we had the Mongolian beef. Very small portion for an entree and very small pieces of fried beef. Too oily. Not good. The shanghai thick noodle was basically a bad lo mein with 4 pieces of shrimp. Not tasty. The vegetable steamed dumplings was dry. Sorry to say I would not return. But the staff was really nice. And I liked the decor. But that's about it.
Poor service, hold tables, don't answer phones for reservation and rude toward Americans. I do not recommend this establishment.
Went for brunch on a Saturday. No wait. Got the crab and pork soup dumplings and stir fried noodles. Food was great. Wait staff was very attentive. Will definitely go again.
First, both myself and my dining companion have had a lot of experience eating Shanghainese cuisine often in Chinatown and elsewhere. I read about this place in the NYT and since it was close to the office, decided to try it. Oddly, our entree came out before the appetizers. The pork belly in hot sauce lunch special was cooked crispy and wasn't spicy at all, and I'm sensitive to that sort of thing. Portion size was just right, not too big, not too small. The soup dumplings are decent, not great, just decent. The soup in the dumpling was thick and oily. I probably wouldn't order them there again since I know where to get better ones (not Joe's Shanghai). The scallion pancake was lacking scallion and was very brown and crispy. I sense a theme on the crispy issue. Then there was confusion about where to pay the check. We waited but no one came. We asked someone and he told us to bring it to the front. I guess they're copying Chinatown? The manager seemed unhappy when he realized what had happened as we walked by him to pay the check. While not bad, I don't think this place will make the lunch rotation at the office.
A welcome addition of authentic Shanghainese food in a neighborhood which otherwise serves generic Americanized Chinese food. The soup dumplings and Shanghai rice cakes were both very tasty.
