I am skeptical about visiting Indian food joints but decided to give it a go as a)we were near the flatiron building b)were hungry c) had good yelp reviews.. I am glad we tried it. Lunch time queue was quite long but it moved along quickly. The mix and match options are plenty, the food authentic and they cater to individual spice level requests . Had 'live fire feast' and mango lassi - although it looked that the portion was small but could not finish it in-spite of being very hungry ..We were quite happy with the lunch so decided to have it again the next day from Indikitch itself but from Rockefeller Center location. Since it was post lunch hour, there was no queue at all .. This time we had the same lunch minus mango lassi (as we couldn't finish it the last time) plus cold drink.Can improve : A heated Naan would be a good ideaTip : Avoid visiting during the busy rush hour
Wow, what a huge difference between my expectation and the reality of eating here.  It was ridiculously crowded, with all the booths filled up and only a few bar stools left (Us short people can't actually pull ourselves onto those bar stools, so it's a cruel joke).  My spouse wanted a sag paneer dinner without any of the vegetables or lentils, he doesn't like that stuff.  He just wanted it to be served the regular way.  No problem, since rice is cheaper than anything else, right?  I watched the person in front of me get lentils in a small soup cup.  I asked if the lentils could be on the side.  The employee just stared at me and said it had never been asked before, so he would have to ask if it would be okay.  I could barely hear him because it was so loud.  I said "Yellow Lentils please" and just let him put it on the plate with the rice.  I didn't understand that you only got one vegetable, the carrots, beets, or the cucumber/tomato.  There were about two bites of rice total.  The naan looked good, and they had three choices (Regular, garlic, or whole wheat).  I also ordered the sag paneer dosa and the chicken tikka dosa.Some really tall tourists were standing so close to me in the line that our skins were nearly touching, I don't think they noticed I was even there, or they were so anxious to get through the long line that they didn't care about my personal space.  My spouse was watching and was thinking of getting up and saying something to them but we couldn't afford to lose our precious booth.There were more problems at the cash register.  I was served the wrong paneer dish, but I knew my spouse wouldn't eat it.  So I apologized and explained that I needed the sag paneer, not the other paneer.  Instead of remaking the dish, the cashier called over the employee who originally took the order and confronted him and me at the same time.  He said I didn't order that, and she argued with him that 'I didn't want that' just stared at him for what seemed like an eternity before she told him she didn't know what I wanted but to just remake it.  It was uncomfortable.  The dosas were more like an uttapam, thick and sour from the fermentation, and served with a coconut chutney.  Which makes sense, since an actual dosa would be a crepe so thin you couldn't really make a taco with it.  But my spouse absolutely HATED it, picking the sag paneer out of the dosa.  There were GIANT chunks of onion in both the sag paneer dosa and the sag paneer feast, big like silver dollars which is just ridiculous.  My spouse was upset that they put lettuce and other vegetables in there too with the filling, making it more like a taco but adulterating the actual filling.  It didn't bother me to have a more taco-like garnish added, but I dislike onions and will pick them out of everything I eat...and everything I ate here had onions throughout.  I left the sauteed onions in the chicken tikka dosa but had to pick the big raw chunks out of my sag paneer dosa.  I don't think anyone would want chunks of onion that big, and I doubt they were meant to be cut that large.  I liked the chicken tikka dosas, as they were like an Indian Chalupa, but once again my spouse hated it because of the added vegetables and the uttapam-like wrapper.  He picked out the chicken, of which there was very little.  He was also upset that the lentils were touching the rice, and there were only a few bits of rice.  The sag paneer itself had fresh tomatoes and onions mixed in which was just weird, and there wasn't a single piece of cheese in it.I also ordered a fountain drink and the onion pakora strings.  The Onion pakora strings weren't really a fresh restaurant food at all.  They're been fried so hard and so long ago that they were now like eating chips, as they were 100% dry and room temperature with all moisture removed.  They could have been bagged and sold this way.  I'd eat the chicken tikka dosas again bc I can't eat wheat, but I've never been on a date where my spouse was that miserable.  As we tried to eat our meal, the line was so long and unruly that people standing there waiting to order were pressed up against our table. One guy's butt was almost on the ledge with my food and it was about to get tamarind chutney all over his cheeks. Not a good time. I'd like my $40 back please.  I wish I could get more than $40 back for my disappointment level, because I thought it was going to be soooo good and it was anything but. There were problems with the food, the service, AND the ambiance, but of the three, at least the food was the best of those three issues. I'd consider going back if I was given a gift certificate for the value of this visit. I am a huge fan of both dosas and Indian food, so this place should be a home run for me.  In pics it had looked so good, and the reality was so bad. It says the Paratha is Gluten-Free on their website, but not in store.  If it's not, this could be a hospital trip for the wrong person who believed the menu.
Rating 3.5 Since, this place is super close to my workplace I decided to give it a try during my lunch hour. I went around 12:15 pm and there was a line, which is not surprising since it was lunch hours. The line moved pretty quickly and I think that the overall wait was about 15 minutes. The set-up is similar to Chipotle, expect that they cook the main entree there. I ordered briyani rice with chicken tikka masla and my boyfriend got the briyani rice with pulled pork and I also got a Mango Lassi. Price wise, it wasn't too expensive around $23 for everything and once we actually ordered the service was really quick. The mango lassi was BOMB, it was super creamy and absolutely delicious. The food I thought was alright, nothing too crazy and amazing. It was super filling though and I got food coma afterwards. But I did not think that it was super special or extremely tasty. It is a good quick fix for Indian food if you are in the neighborhood and craving it.
The day was long, the nights were short, and I was out of patience; I needed Indian food... and i was hardly in the mood to trek all the way out to Astoria to find decent masala.Lo and behold! My prayers were answered when, out of nowhere, I turned glumly from staring at the entrance to the subway and my eyes alighted on the words "MANGO LASSI" -Score one for Holiday. The food itself was incredible, though the kid behind the counter seemed better suited to a boxing ring than a counter he was so surly. Think: spicy and sweet, milky and rich - and with none of that bizarrely manufactured chemical bent that you often get with tikki masala that's been popped off an assembly line rather than cooked traditionally. If you don't believe me, my Indian roommate says she's fairly impressed herself with what they churn out here. The cucumber salad was light, crispy, and refreshing - as were the colours. How nice it is to see real vegetables every once and awhile! Their beans could use a bit of work, and, as per the usual in Manhattan, the prices were ludicrous for the portion. But given that I don't eat very much to begin with, how can I complain? I was so delighted with my experience I wound up struggling through a blizzard two weeks later just so I could take advantage of their $2 Holi feast and boy was I a happy woman that night. The texture of the naan was like pillows between my fingers, albeit crispy and charred at the edges: fluffy and warm and oh so yum. Fan - freakin - tastic.
I've only had authentic Indian food once or twice, so I can't speak to Indikitch's authenticity.  However, I have had IndiKitch a few times and I enjoy it.  I'm the kind of person who is always craving something flavorful and spicy for lunch, so when I don't feel like Mexican, I like to go to Indikitch.  I find the flavors pretty good.  Every time I've gone, I've gotten the feast with basmati rice, spicy (#3) chicken tikka, beets, and garlic naan.  That garlic naan is sooo good.  I'm sure it's a pretty commercialized version of real naan, but it's garlic-y and carb-y so I'm happy.  I like the chicken tikka, but there are always so many onions in it!  It's almost too much sometimes.  But I really like the actual chicken, it's moist and flavorful in the sauce.
Have always loved this place. Went in with my wife pls our 7-year-old and his friend in tow. The kids didn't feel like eating but a really nice woman on the staff came out with a lovely little plate for them - with rice, paneer and some naan sticking out of a cup like bunny ears. Not an official kid's meal but one look at it and they lapped it up. Like I said always loved. Now I would double the 5 stars. PS: all the food is fantastic but the fish Biryani is the bomb - literally when you ask for 3 chilies. Update (September 2017): Just found out that fish has been taken off the menu  What's the deal Indikitch? And is it coming back?
Fast casual places mimicking a chipotle style service are all the rage. I like Indikitch. This last time I had the dosa. You get three and it's a large portion. But I prefer the dosas thin and crispy. These were more like pancakes. Still quite enjoyable. But I'd stick to a salad or bowl next time. Inexpensive and good for a quick flavorful bite in flatiron.
Immediately after I walked inside, I thought to myself that this is basically an Indian version of Chipotle. The menu gives you a few options to choose from. I decided to get the feast w/ lentils, beets, basmati rice, garlic naan and chicken tikka masala. All of this was for a pretty good price of a little over $10 after tax.As for the food, I wasn't quite blown away by it. It's a good idea for a Indian fast food joint but not well executed. The chicken tikka masala just wasn't made the way that New Chili & Curry makes it. It wasn't juicy and the sauce was boring. It stood pale in comparison to other Indian places. The beets were way too hard to chew through. I would've preferred them to be softer and in cube form rather than in thin strips. The lentil was a bit too mushy and as for the naan, it was flat and it wasn't as fluffy and soft as I would've liked it to be. I did like the rice though. It was cooked well and quite soft. Portion sizes are good too. It's a good place if you want a quick bite and are craving Indian food but I'm not sure I'd come back here again.
Pros: Friendly staff, good food, fast service, great for vegetarians and non-vegetatians alikeCon: A bit more expensive than Chipotle, but then again it is more unique and def. worth itTip: Be careful with the spicy level, you have four options- I got the spiciest given I can handle most levels of spice but this was a bit much for me. Also try the Goan Biryani, it's delicious!Absolutely loved this place! It's like a Chipotle for Indian food. Very similar setup to Chipotle, you choose whether you want a feast (a little bit of everything), Biryani (similar naked burrito bowl), Kati Rolls (similar to burrito) or dosas (similar to tacos). Then you choose your main fillings and they cook it fresh for you on the grill. I got the Paneer Tikka Masala Biryani, which was saffron rice with seasoned and marinated paneer cubes. I chose Spicy Level Three, which was the spiciest out of the four options, since I could handle most levels of spice, but soon regretted this decision as it was even a bit too spicy for me. Aside from that, it was absolutely tasty and delicious. They also add fried onions over it and give you two sides of sauces, where include a spicy red sauce and a sweet yogurt pineapple sauce. I also got a side of samosas, which was really tasty and came with a few different sauces as well. My friend got the Goan Fish Biryani which was absolutely delicious and one I wish I ordered instead. Bottomline: Delicious food, can't wait to go back, will get the Goan Fish Biryani next time I go!
I've had lunch at Indikitch twice. Both times, around 1:30/2:00 pm so after the typical lunch rush, the lines were still enormous. I waited though, craving quick Indian food. Prepare accordingly for the line to snake right by the hot kitchen and sizzling flames and past many diners shoved into the tables right by the kitchen. (If you are going to stay to eat, check out the upstairs which is much quieter and brighter.)The actual food experiences were different each time. The first time I had spicy saag paneer on the dosa option, which is three fermented lentil pancakes. With coconut chutney and tamarind chutney on the side, this meal was absolutely delicious. The savory dosa perfectly sopped up the spinach and cheese. Five stars.The second time, I tried the "feast", through which I selected saffron rice, carrot salad, and chicken tikka masala with a side of whole wheat naan bread. For some reason, it felt lacking...the rice was cold and the tikka masala was too salty. Two or three stars. However, overall, I like the concept of Indikitch and would go back for that dosa and saag any day! Prices are also reasonable and there are lots of other tasty sounding options I would like to eventually try, like the fish in coconut curry.
Best representation of Indian food in NYC
I went to Yo! Sushi for lunch today, but it opens at noon. I came here to look inside.The restaurant menu is similar to Dig Inn, where you put your desired items to your plate. I ordered their chegodi rings. It's crunchy and spicy.
I had the chicken tikka feast with basmati rice, classic dal, with carrots & cashews. The food is good but the feast is $13 after tax. It seems a bit much a to pay for the amount. It's filling but not enough to save anything for later (unlike Chipotle). It's a good spot to go to if you're in the city and have a taste for some Indian. They serve you really quickly-- which is great. This won't be my go-to place though.
Paneer in dosa hit the spot! The qty is more than sufficient for the $10 charge in flatiron, ny. And the taste was great - paneer perfectly cooked. Dosa perfectly sour and crispy! Yum yum. I am coming again for sure.
Super crowded during lunch time. Chipotle style lunch. You can add a main, toppings, and spice intensity. Service was okay... the workers were in a hurry and confused my dish for another persons dish. It wasnt a big deal. Portions were huge and I barely finished it :(
Only reason I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 is the price.  12 bucks for a reasonable portion.  The taste is great.  Good level of spice.  Pretty crispy naan.  It's really the price of being in Manhattan.  Would come again if I am around.
Indikitch is for Indian food as Chipotle for Mexican but only betterLove Indikitch for a quick bite! This is a second location of indikitch I have tried. The quality is as consistent as it can get.Thumbs UP!!!
SCOREFlavour: 2Presentation:1Authenticity: 2Portions: 3Cleanliness: 2Speed of Service: 5Value for Money: 2I do not understand what the hoha is about .  Mediocre food, the restaurant smells of curry, and fried onions. Food is at best the worst rendition of Indian Cuisine.Samosas are too dark in color and a not fully crispy on the outside. Unbalanced starch content results premature Maillard formation in the dough.The chickpea curry was too dark my theory is that it could be a side effect of excessive onion reduction.I was looking for ginger and garlic flavour in the curry but it was undetectable.Over all a bold attempt in creating a cafeteria style quick service food joint but the flavours and the cousin selected does not seem to jive with the format.
Amazing food! Visited Eataly for the first time and tried to get a table but the wait was too long. Decided to try Indikitch for the first time after seeing Yelp reviews and how close it was in distance. The food took a little long to get, definitely not Chipotle pace, but it was so so good! I got the dosa (which comes with 3 lentil/rice wraps) with vegetable main (mushroom), and my friend got the feast (with chicken). We both loved it. They have options of spice level- I got 3 (the highest) and it was the perfect spicy level for me! The food and also the atmosphere/decor was really nice. Loved the touch of the little flag that comes with the meal. They had additional add-ons such as samosas, and mango lassi drink options.
"Fortune favors the bold," so claims Indikitch. The flavors are bold, but not always pleasingly so. I ordered the mushroom kadai salad and the Goan fish feast. Mushroom kadai salad: Although I had elected no added spice, boy were the marinated mushrooms full of heat! More romaine lettuce, please, for balance! Goan fish feast: I ordered the saffron rice, carrot salad, classic dal, and garlic naan as accompaniment, though there were other choices. The saffron rice was bland and did not taste of saffron. It was also barely yellow, which leaves me suspicious of just how much saffron there was, or whether they mixed up my order and gave me basmati that had become stained with red from the neighboring classic dal in the bowl. The daal was the best part--thick and flavorful. The carrot salad was just bizarre. It was tangy from the vinegar, topped with sesame seeds and cashews, yet also a bit spicy. Just a weird flavor blend with an identity crisis. The fish was the biggest disappointment. Completely drenched in oil, oil, oil. Yes, the fish chunks were quite tender, but it was clear that the flavor of all that sauce and oil hadn't really been soaked well enough for the fish to courageously hold up the flavor. The garlic naan was fresh, soft, and all around satisfactory. For someone who doesn't particularly love super spicy, this place may be a heat level too high for my taste buds. It makes recognizable Indian food, but where it diverts into more inventive territory, such as with the carrot salad, it has room to finesse.
Tried Indikitch for the first time a couple days ago with an Indian friend of mine before going to an Indian music concert. The concept copies the Chipotle model (you can read that on the other reviews) but it works quite well. I had rice, lentils (sorry forgot all the Indian names) and paneer with spinach. My friend (who loves to cook indian food) tried my dish and said it was a bit burnt, but it was alright to my taste.When we ordered the girl messed up a bit, but the manager came in very quickly and fixed the mistake and even gave us free Mango lassis, which was a nice gesture. They opened 2 months ago I believe and it looks like it's busy. It's nice to have an indian place in this neighborhood, avoids a trip to 28th, east side, which isn't really a place I hang out in, yet it's where Indian food is!
FAV Indian lunch spot during weekdays! I usually get the Feast (Biryani+Dal+Chicken Tikka+Garlic Naan).
Oil oil oil.  That's what it is.  Made me sick after eating their dosa.  Their cottage cheese ("paneer") is like an eraser, not sure from where they get it but it's definitely not fresh and hard to chew. I tried some biryani too and the rice wasn't fresh either because it was so dry and crunchy.  They tried it to make it an Indian version of Chipotle, but they also need to make sure it's closer to healthy if not being completely healthy.
People criticize this place as an Indian Chipotle, but so what? When Indian food is good, it's great, but that's not reflected in most Indian restaurants in New York. Indikitch is reliably good, and a great way to try a variety of mainstays of Indian cuisine. If you need a fancy sit-down place, this isn't for you. But if you actually care about good food, this place is a very good choice, and relatively affordable.
They have one of the most amazing indian food n flavours served Chipotle style! On the go my preference is a feast but now since I've tried almost everything in vegetarian there is with them to offer including samosas, biryanis n salads, I can vouch that it's hard for a person to get disappointed from the food n styles they serve. I've been more than 10 times to this place and still going strong on it!! Their staff is very cordial and they will keep you coming back for more!! So far anyone I've taken or suggested this place to absolutely loved it! It's a definite must visit for someone who likes to feast n binge on indian flavours!! Kudos to the chef for his choice n pick of spices to give such a favour full twist to a simple servings in their menu !! Five stars..
I walk down 23st and open the doors to Indikitch. As me and my friend walked in we immediately looked at each other because we were HIT with a burst of flavorful smells. This place smells just like my friends house (who is Indian) and after trying the food she said this is legit. The food here is delicious and full of spices. I had the spicy chicken Kati rolls, Samosas, and Chaat. Everything was simply delicious and filling. I tried the Chai Garam which is a milk tea spiced with cardamom; very subtle sweetness. I enjoyed it. If you want something sweet, sour, fresh and packed with a punch then you MUST try the blood orange lemonade. Wow that drink is so refreshing and good!! Also all the food here is made fresh, but it's a tad pricy. You could get the same meal at an Indian or Pakistani restaurant for less and bigger portions, but overall if you're craving Indian food then check this place out!
indikitch is a great lunch option. I agree with everyone saying its like the Indian version of Chipotle except you get to see them cooking your food to your liking. Service at assembly-line-type places aren't usually friendly but it was okay here. They weren't rude, just a bit rushy because of the lunch service. I had the chicken tikka with their pineapple raita which was filling and delicious. The biryani was also very good. Overall:Pros:Quick serviceGood grubGenerous portionsGood seatingConsYour hair and clothes will smell like spices afterwards Cold serviceA bit pricy for a lunch rotationNot a place you'd normally trek to but it'd be a good place to treat yourself to if you work in the area.
Indikitch puts the high end Indian restaurants in NYC to shame. Excellent and authentic food served in a fast food yet exceptionally bright and pleasant environment. Service and is excellent and you have food either to go or sit and eat in a matter of minutes. The lentils, the chicken tikka masala, the biryani are all as authentic and high quality ss you will get. This from someone who needs to curry at least once a week :-)
I am not a big fan of Indian food but this place is decent. It reminds me of a Chipotle style Indian place. You pick a bowl or wrap to begin with and then pick your rice, protein/curry sauce, and vegetable. I picked medium hot and my curry was extremely spicy! I like spicy but this was definitely up there. So be careful! The side of naan was good but you have to pay for extra sauces if you want something different than the one green sauce they give you. This place is ok if you are craving decently priced Indian food and don't want to wait for service. I would probably go back if a friend wanted to but probably hesitant to go myself.
I had samosa chat, feast(chicken tikka,naan,saffron rice,raita),mango lassi. Everything was good. You can choose the spice range.For vegetarians  also there are so many options(you can try paneer tikka, dosa,samosas).I will definitely go here for next time to try different menu.
I was looking for some Indian cuisine and stumbled upon indikitch. I had never heard of it before, and stumbled upon what appeared to resemble a Chipotle for Indian food. I'm a fan of both, so I was excited to see what this restaurant had in store.I love saag dishes, so I checked out the saag paneer biryani, which cost $9-$10. It exceeded my expectations for what I would get from essentially a fast-food restaurant. They have the dishes pre-made, but heat them up on the spot and can add spice if you'd like. Taste-wise the saag dish was solid, but not as flavorable as one from a conventional Indian restaurant. The rice portion (yellow rice that's nicely seasoned) was surprisingly generous, which contributed to the dish being satisfyingly filling.But then there came the comparisons. First to Chipotle. The food here is a bit more expensive than Chipotle, and perhaps more filling, but not as tasty and overall satisfying. Indikitchen is more novel at this moment, and while I still want to come back and try out the other dishes, I have a strong feeling that if the two places were right next to each other I'd go for Chipotle.The second comparison is to an Indian restaurant. The $9-$10 is right smack in between what I'd pay at a conventional Indian restaurant for lunch (which is when I assume most people would go here) or dinner. I would rather walk a couple of blocks or pay a little bit money for a better Indian dish.I'm still a bit tentative with this restaurant (3.5 stars would be an ideal rating). I would not want to order the same dish again, but I'm still intrigued enough to give indikitch another shot someday.
Good Food and quick service You can get Veg and Non Veg Options at good prize$20 for meal of twoMust try Biryani and Rolls
Maybe it's because I'm South Asian and I eat this food all the time (my mother makes the best biryani, hands down), so I really was not impressed by this place at all.A lot of the food was highly under-seasoned. Even the naan wasn't soft and fluffy like it should be (it was flat and over-cooked to the point where it was hard). Regrettably, this was about $12.
I've been here over 20 times and it doesn't get old. Try the chicken feast first. Then biryani. Also, I heard a rumor that the blood orange lemonade may be imported from India.
Had the Khati roll with chicken and mango lassi.  Wonderful, can't wait to be back.
Definitely indian chipotle - a quick option for lunch where you make fast decisions about what you want to eat and it all comes together in a bowl. Meats tried - pork, and the chicken tikka - both I would have again. I enjoyed the samosas as well. Very delicious! And spicy enough. Naan was not very authentic unfortunately - almost made this a 3 star review rather than 4.
It was like I was at an Indian style Chipotle!! We had the chicken tikka "feast" with brown rice, beets, channa, & garlic naan.  I loved the chicken tikka with naan - super warm & fresh.  The samosa chaat "extra" was a very good portion size, nicely spiced, & was delicious.  I felt that the onion may have been slightly overwhelming, but even still the food was delicious & will def revisit to try more options.  Be sure to try the Mango Lassi - it was excellent.
This place remains fantastic. Several times there every time, I'm impressed. They're doing something right because the line is always out the door and they keep it moving quickly.
I recently went downtown on 23rd and 6th to a place called Indikitchen. It was very similar Chipotle but Indian food. It's about the same price and surprisingly as good. Their side dishes are also really cheap! Definitely check it out.
The world needs more fast Indian food like this! It is basically what has Chipotle done to Mexican food but in an Indian way.
Dined there several times and while the food is delicious & packed with flavors it's heavy and greasy. Today I ate the dosa filled with paneer tikka. Super oily and heavy not to mention I was in food coma for a few hours this afternoon. The chicken biryani is delicious! If you can handle the spice go for the spicier version. 4 stars for the amazing flavors but not happy about the calorie count and the greasy food! Makes me feel uncomfortable & sleepy almost every time I've eaten it!
This place is dope. Stumbled into this place after browsing through the hideously overpriced Eataly - the giant famous Italian supermarket/restaurant around the corner (lol 55$ for a stick of salami lolol wtf??)Didn't have high expectations because the place looks like a chipotle/qudoba type fast eating place. I was actually blown away by the quality of food here.Seems like it's more fusion Indian than purist, because this is the first time I've seen pork served at an Indian place. Got the pulled pork biriyani, which Is basically the Indian version of fried, spiced rice with a ton of pulled pork served on top. Pulled pork was exclusively spiced, surrounded by a delicious spice paste, which also had a bunch of veggies fried in the mix. Possibly the best Indian I've had in a while, the flavors were bold.Gf got a "feast" with a nice chicken curry, it was good but beware, the feast comes with 2-3 sides but the plate is smaller than the biriyani, with more variety tho. This place is legit, will try the fish next time.Also I'm pretty sure the dude that was cooking when I was there literally had the pan on fire the entire time. Some skilled chefs working here and I don't think they were even Indian
Food was good , tried everything here and stands out compared to other restaurants.Options are limited and should start something on lines of pani poori and chat for snacks.
Yesterday I decided to pop in for some take out dinner. I ordered the Feast with Chicken Tikka, Chickpea Dal, Carrot side salad and the Garlic Naan. For a "fast food" style meal, this was very delicious! I think it's authentic enough for people who enjoy great Indian food. The portion looks small but it is definitely filling.
cool plates. Easy to pick and choose.It's basically the same menu for a sandwich, plate, combo, or whatever, but all you change or pick is the meat, or vegetarian options.I tried the Taj Mahal beer and it was delish.Fast and chill service.great spot for lunch.
I see what all the hype is about. I'll take this any day before any  greasy fast food. The food was fresh and really good. Check them out!
Today was my first time here, and I will definitely be coming back! My server was nice enough to explain what everything was since it was first time here. I ordered the pulled pork Feast with basmati rice, cucumber salad, garlic nan, 1 pepper and a side a samosas. I liked how the cook would prepare and cook the food in front of you with an open flame! The food itself was indeed very savory and wasn't bad at all. I'll definitely be making a trip back here to try the other offerings.
Mediocre Indian fast food. If you go, make sure you know exactly what you want and are intimately familiar with the menu because you won't be able to hear the staff speak and they won't be able to hear you.I just got yelled at by a very mean cashier. I didn't realize I was supposed to swipe my own credit card and he flew into a rage and yelled at me. But it wasn't even busy. There was no one waiting behind me. I get that this is NYC and not everyone is nice all the time. I can handle rudeness, but this was scary.Also, when you order a side of rice, they put it in a tiny container for condiments, not much bigger than a quarter. Which is insane.
I had the fire salad with chicken tikka and a side of garlic nam.  AMAZING !  The spices are just right. The mild selection here was fire so be careful on your choice of heat.
Superb flavor, great value for a stop in treat of Indian Food.  You can even get wine or beer!
This was my very first time trying Indian food and by my boyfriend's suggestion we tried this place out. We didn't know it would be the Chipotle of Indian food but 100x better. My boyfriend and I walked in clueless but luckily the staff was very helpful and nice, making suggestions for us...even down to the drinks! The food is a bit pricey but it is a nice treat after a movie or the museums around the corner! Will definitely be eating here again.
Indian style - Chipotle. I had the chicken tikka feast and it was ok. chicken tasted bland, and the dal/rice seemed like it was sitting for a while. Portion size and prices were reasonable but the bland taste did not impress me. I don't think I will return. .
Very good..delicious indian food in chipotle style. Be cautious with spicy selection, dont blow up urself with spice
Love this place! The lines are long at lunchtime but it's totally worth the wait. I had the chicken tikka salad which was delicious! The atmosphere is really cool and I love the decor. There's lots of seating and they do offer online ordering so you can just walk in and pick it up to avoid the long line. That being said, the line moved fairly quickly so it wasn't too bad but if you're in a hurry, order online. I love that more and more restaurants like this are popping up which serve REAL food with no artificial ingredients. Also, it's cheaper than a salad at Chipotle so can't beat that!
It's my first time here so I might be over enthusiastic but still....awesome! Had the Feast with Paneer Tikka which comes with Naan bread. It was delicious and verysatisfying! Will come back again!
I have tried the chicken and the pork so far and both were really good. The meat was well cooked and flavorful, and you can make it as spicy as you want, an additional bonus. The portion size is very generous for both the salad and the feast, though more of a Thursday / Friday lunch as it might make you want to snooze.
I wanted to like this place SO BAD. Chipotle is obviously amazing, and their concept is solid, but the food here just isn't very good. I wasn't expecting it to be the same Indian food I'd get served in a traditional Indian restaurant, but I wasn't excited while eating my food. I wasn't eager to finish it, wasn't raving about it with my friend- all things that happen at Chipotle which is far from authentic Mexican.I ordered the Chicken Tikka feast extra extra spicy ($9.87), with basmati rice, chickpeas and cucumber salad. I also got an order of the samosas ($3.44). The chicken was really tender, which I wasn't expecting. I wish other Indian places cooked their chicken this well, or that Indikitch's curry was better, either or. While there was a little heat, don't go here expecting to get actual spicy food. The flavors themselves weren't exciting  in either the curry or the chickpeas. The cucumber salad was awesome though! It's got onions and tomatoes, and tastes like an Indian pico de gallo Awesome. The samosas are alright. Their passion fruit lemonade is nice. But what got me really excited was that they carry Weyerbacher beer ($5)! I was not expecting to find that here, so that was a nice surprise.Overall I honestly think the Indian food at Whole Foods is just as good if not better then the Indian food here.
I been here several times and almost every time after eating their food I have gotten diarrhea attack. But today (last time) was the worst; saag paneer became shit every where, I think I lost count of how many times I went to the bathroom after eating at IndiKitch.  Not only the diarrhea was the problem the after taste of saag paneer would not go away in my mouth. This place looks good, If you do not have the diarrhea attack as I do then I recommend this place, but my stomach and body instantly have allergic reaction...
Cheap, fast, delicious.  I love me some authentic Indian food, but this totally hits the spot in that fast food(ish) kinda way.   Several options makes it hard to choose because I always want it all.  Spice level options.  I always think I'll take home leftovers,  but I always end up finishing my plate.  The Goan fish is my go to.
The food is excellent and reasonably priced! I would definetely recommend. Great place for lunch for those who like Indian cuisine.
I was really excited to find out a place like this existed. Upon walking 23rd street, I took a gander and was craving some Indian food. It's similar to way Moe's and Chipotle are set up, which was interesting. I ordered the saag paneer (spicy). They were very generous on the rice. It was downright delicious and the gods above would approve. I'm definitely coming back here.
I was pretty hyped when this place opened up 2 years ago. I worked near by and would come at least once every other week. I mean there are not many Chipotle-style Indian places in NYC, and while the idea is not necessarily novel, it was Indian food that was still cheap and fast. And best of all, IT TASTED GOOD. Good enough that the lines were always super long during the lunch hour rush. I recently went back twice this year for old times sake and the nostalgia had me feeling some sort of way. The first time I re-visited, I tried the chicken tikka "feast" bowl, which comes with your choice of rice, protein, salad and lentil side, and your choice of naan. It's a fairly decent portion of food and you should be quite satisfied for the ~10.50 price tag. The cucumber salad is fantastic as well as the chickpea side. You can ask for your dish to be mild, spicy, or extra spicy. I thought extra spicy was pretty spicy without making you physically uncomfortable. The garlic naan bread was average in my opinion.My second time back, I tried the pork biryani dish. This was a bit disappointing. I didn't remember the rice being so oily. You can literally see it glistening under the light. You might need sunglasses from the glare. And although the pork tastes as good as the chicken, I was dismayed by the lack of protein in the biryani dish. It felt like I was eating spoonfuls of rice. I'd stick to the feast if I were you. Besides that, the atmosphere is pretty chill. Plenty of booth style seating upstairs, as well as larger open space for bigger groups. Cool wall art down stairs.
I am a huge fan of Indian food, and I can just say... This is not good Indian food. I've heard so much buzz about this place so I Seeamlessed it to my office one day and it was a huge disappointment, considering I am so close to the part of Lexington where all the Indian restaurants are concentrated. The food was really blend and I don't think they used the right kind of rice for Indian food (don't quote me on that but I am pretty positive).If it was in the middle of somewhere with no other Indian food option I would consider going back for a second time, but this is New York, I can spend my money elsewhere.
awesome concept of Indian in a fast food format.... The food was freshly made. I was really impressed. I got the sag paneer naan and a mango lassi.
Service: 3/5Its basically an indian chipotle like everyone else has mentioned. Line moves a little slower though especially when there are new patrons who may take a little while longer to pick all the different choicesService is friendly, welcomingDecor: 4/5Clean, modern, bar and table style seating, think chipotle..Food: 4/5- Choice of feast ~10$ - rice, naan, one salad choice, one dal choice and a protein - Choice of Salad - protein choice + salad with naan chips - ( my naan chips were quite stale)- Choice of sandwich - haven't tried this- I've only had the chicken each time with the medium spiciness level. The curry is flavorful and the chicken was moist and tender. The high spiciness level is not bad at all and probably just medium for those who like spicy.- proteins are heated and spiced to order - may slow the chain down a little, but piping hot food is always a plus in my bookThey also have the cocacola freestyle machine - super coolGood selection of Beer- Sometimes its hard to find good quick fast clean indian food. Most of the places in curry hill are either: clean and sit-down slow, or fast and really dirty with items warming in trays and the microwaved being used extensively to reheat food.
This place has excellent Indian food! It's like a chipotle where you choose your base and protein and then you sit wherever you'd like. I had the chicken tikka with spicy level 2 and it was the perfect type of spice where it adds a good kick. Their garlic naan didn't have loads of garlic on top (which can be overwhelming) so it was the right amount also. I (happily) stumbled across this place just looking for something quick and easy to eat after being in Eataly. After I finished my food I bookmarked this place on Yelp so that I had a go to Indian place the next time I'm in the city.
Wow! For a quick, cheap lunch place, this is really good Indian food! It's actually really spicy! That's important, because it means the food didn't need to be overly creamy or sweet to be flavorful. I had the saag paneer and biryani at the spiciest level, and it was intense but great. Definitely a good quick lunch option!
Just happen to come to this place with a friend after not being able to go to our usual lunch spot which is at Go Go Thai. When I walked in, the atmosphere reminded me a lot of Chipotle. The way the menus were placed definitely had a Chipotle-like feel to it. The tables were arrange along the walls and is rather spacious considering a first look from the outside one would believe it is small place. There are four different ways to order your dish much like Chipotle with their salad, burrito, tacos, or rice bowl. In Indikitch, its called Feast (A 4 combo dish with all the necessity to make you love this place), Biryani (Rice bowl like Chipotle), Live Fire Salads, and Tawa Sandwiches (All the deliciousness between two buns). After picking what you want, you would then pick your protein, which, they could to order so that can cause some wait time. However, it is definitely worth it.I personally had the Biryani with Chicken that comes with two different type of sauces on the side. One I am sure is a yogurt based sauce but I am unsure of the other one. However, it was delicious much to my friend's dissatisfied face when she pointed out that the feast was better. The feast comes with naan, salad, rice, and dal. I had to agree with her on that one as it gave an overall better taste when tasting different textures and taste at once.I would have to visit this place sometime soon in the near future. Definitely on my list to come back too.Recommendation:Feast (Chicken Tikka w/ Garlic Naan Bread)
A good option for lunch if you work in the area, because service is quick and pretty efficient.  This place is run like a machine, the new-not-so-new-trend in NYC, which may be overwhelmingly hectic for those who are not accustomed to it yet.  Everything is presented well.The food itself is decent, and even as a meat-eater I actually recommend the vegetarian dishes here; the flavors are good.  But they do not surpass a good Indian restaurant, and I think the side vegetables are only of so-so quality.  It's not a restaurant I would specifically seek out to take friends to, but it's definitely a great option to have if you are working and need quick lunch, and pretty tasty for fast-ish food.  The hummus is pretty good too.
My friends are amazed that I can go to Indikitch twice a day five days a week (when I'm at work nearby) and not get bored with the same food. But how I can, if it smells Good, tastes even better and the price is very affordable - like 10-13$ per fully satisfying meal (and they have many vegetarian options that I go for).Besides, these guys have a wonderful team which generates quite positive energy vibrations, so it feels nice here.The cuisine is an adapted Indian one with a bunch of thoughtfully designed options to choose from and mix; you can also choose the level of spices.Love the place and highly recommend it to everyone. All the best!
more vegetable variety would be nice for vegetarians but otherwise good.
Love this place. Was recommended by a friend and we keep on coming to this place.Have had the Dosa and Biryani with chicken. Selected 2 spice and was just the perfect amount of spice. The Tea is also one of the better ones I have had in an Indian restaurant. It is our goto place for food now in NY. We shop groceries at Trader Joe's, eat here and then take the Path back home. Highly recommended.
I love this so much. I got the dosa with chicken tikka. They looked like soft tacos but tasted like a wonderfully fast food  version of a traditional dosa. I like how everything is organized with step by step instructions so I don't spend 20 minutes thinking about what I really want (because I want everything but don't know the portions) the way it usually is at Indian restaurants. I would love to come back and try everything they have. Everything.
Amazing food , you get to choose what you want , (it's like an Indian chipotle) . Delicious food , great service
I've ordered the Biryani with chicken and level 1 spice.If you like spicy food, level 1 spice should be ok for you (not too spicy)It is absolutely delicious...and well priced for the amount of food you get. Be aware that you might have to wait around 10-15 minutes at lunch time to order your food, but the preparation takes little time. I have to come back and try other stuff at this place...
Absolutely delicious. So fresh, so healthy, beautiful flavors. Great prices. Super friendly crew especially the girl at the cashier desk, smiling and all happy. I wish I remember her name. Environmentally friendly packaging. Lots of variety. Some great beers to try as well. Can't wait to go back again. This is a great alternative to eating out in a more expensive restaurant, yet the flavors were so good I didn't feel like I was compromising. Highly recommended
Chipotle style Indian, this place gets it right. I've eaten here twice and ordered the "feast" both times. They let you choose your meat, type of rice, side(carrots, beets, cucumbers), and grain (lentils, chickpeas, classic). You really can't go wrong with any of those options. A piece of naan bread is also included.They have three levels of spicy-ness, and after having the middle one last time, I am avoiding the spiciest.
I think we need a concept like this in New York.Place looks great, the food is super good. (The mild version a little to spicy)The one thing that bothered me ALLOT  was the guy behind the counter without gloves touching himself the whole time under his shirt lifting it up and rubbing his chest while have his big belly exposed the whole time. He then proceeded to put things on my plate I asked them to take it of and took the napkins and cutlery myself.What a shame for such a nice place to have this one guy mess it up. (I think by now he got fired, haven't seen him around)I hope the owner reads this so he can make sure his staff is clean and wears gloves.As I am seeing it now the guy in question is also giving out orders so he might even be the manager.Wow.tanysha behind the counter was sweet.
Fabulous!! I ordered a very large order for a corporate meeting and Michele in catering was so accommodating!! Now when I say large order, I mean an order for 30 people or so. Due to allergies I thought it would be best to place the order with 30 individual orders.. I know I am probably a restaurants worst nightmare.. but the delivery was perfect!!! Each separate item had the employees name on it and there were even extras. On top of all of this organization, the food was delicious!
The food is much better than the average greasy and heavy Indian fast-food. As an example, the samosas were not greasy like typical places, and the cilantro chutney and the tamarind sauce was excellent (and came at no extra cost, despite what another review said).Again and again this place is likened to Chipotle in the reviews, and people forget that Chipotle had a rocky start before it fine-tuned its operation and went national, so many people unfairly make a side-by-side comparison in these reviews.  (For those who remember Chipotle's start the mid-1990s in Colorado, you know what I am talking about.)Thank God someone is finally developing a really hip version of an Indian fast-food place that offers us more of a variety than burgers, pizza and burritos here in NYC. At this price-point, this option is great, and I really hope to see more Indikitch restaurants open up around the city.And personally I think it is crazy that they are competing with Eataly just around the corner. But if you were like me, and didn't want to wait 45 minutes to get a seat and then order a pizza, you might do what I did and walk around the corner on 23rd Street and try this place.If this is a start-up prototype restaurant, and they are fine-tuning their menu and operation at this stage, I am hopeful that this franchise will eventually take off.
I was grabbing lunch and I did not know what to eat, so I decided to try this place. I only had one hour to eat and get back to class, and I had errands to run. When I walked in, there was a long line (long as chipotle), and I wasn't sure how long it was going to take. I got on the line anyways, and as I was standing there, the strong smell from the food cooking on the stove wafted towards the line. The smell was amazing. It made my stomach growl a few times. After I got my food, I was ready to dig in. I ordered Biryani with chicken spicy. Before I got the food, and I was waiting on line, I saw that they put a toothpick with a picture of the main topping or side, in the container. I thought that was very clever. Anyways back to the food, the food tasted great. It was worth my wait on line. It was well spiced. It wasn't as spicy as I thought it'd be. The serving was pretty good. I couldn't finish so I saved it for later. I can't wait to go back for more, it was worth the wait. I drooled a little while waiting. hahaWait time during Lunch [1pm when I was there] was about 10-15 minutes.
Fast food Indian set up in a chain food decor. You can tell this is catered to the work lunch crowd and set up in the fast food licensing mode ala Chipotle etc.One line leads you up to the order pickem area. Pretty much a chicken tika or spinach paneer type choice. The biryani was so so definitely had better but the chicken tika was moist and flavorful. Wasn't a fan of the paneer as the cheese seemed more firm and spinach was too course. Also they mix it with onion that wasn't cooked all the way through very raw. You have a choice of sauces and i liked the extra masala sauce and the white sauce with mango was sweet and tangy. Very refreshing to counter the spice. The red hot sauce is super hot so take extra caution if ya can't take the heat. Also had their naan bread. Nothing special. Wasn't warm or soft and chewy, almost came out as supermarket pita bread. Standard fast food indian food. Nothing special but ok if you want quick fast food. Though to me it wasn't too quick as during the lunch hour the one single file line was so long it almost hit the door. Basically got my food in 20 to 30 min of waiting on line as they get back logged as they cook each custom dish ala minute.
As an Indian I can tell you that the food here is amazing. I've eaten everything here and it's all authentically cooked. If you order the feast, the portions are huge and the garlic naan is amazing. The staff is very friendly and helpful too.
The food is delicious!!! Also everything is gluten free except for the naan & samosas. It's like an Indian Chipolte. Same size bowls & preparations.
This place is the answer to my Indian food cravings! This place may not be totally authentic, but hey, it satisfies my cravings. Bold flavors and comparable to Chipotle prices. I love their naan and mango lassi (you can really taste the yogurt in the drink). I've come here several times for a quick lunch/dinner and the line was long but moves quite fast. Will definitely come back for more and try out different things on the menu in the near future.
I was so excited to see they finally opened so stopped in this evening to take out dinner for my family. It's like an Indian Chipotle with a lot of options. I ordered the pulled pork vindaloo feast and chicken tikka feast. The feasts come with 4 sides: naan, rice, dal and salad for $8.95. The platter looked small and not very feast-like, but proved to be more than enough food. I also ordered samosas and a mango lassi which was smooth and delicious. The chicken tikka was good. I liked that the meat was moist and it was freshly cooked. The sauce was a little too tomato-y but still good. The pork vindaloo just tasted like pulled pork to me. It wasn't spicy at all and was greasy. The dal was really great. I tasted the classic and yellow lentil ones. The naan had perforations on it to cut into triangles which I thought was peculiar. The garlic one was tasty - my toddler son ate it all. I usually go to curry hill for Indian buffet but am glad to have this convenient option right next to my office. I'll definitely be back!
Overall, I like the concept and food of this place. I just wish they could make spicier level on their food since it is an indian food...!! Or at least They could have an extra hot sauce that customers can use like Chipotle!However everything was great and reasonably priced.
Pretty good fast-food Indian (a la Chipotle)...think I liked it better the first time, but for something quick, cheap and casual, this is a good spot.
Fresh quality Indian fast food + Chipotle assembly line :) Minus one star for the long wait (granted i went during lunch rush). I was growing hangrier by the minute as I waited online, but as I got closer to the kitchen area I saw where the delay was coming from...Yelpers! The wait is from the chefs diligently cooking up your very own personal portion of the "Main" (1 of 6 yummy entrees). So what you get on your dish is piping hot wholesome deliciousness. Once I realized this, I instantly became less angry!Now onto the food:- GET THE GARLIC NAAN no matter what- Vindaloo is spicy (+1 spicy). If you're feeling brave, go for the +2 spicy- Wasn't a fan of the stale/rubbery naan chips on my fire salad:) can't wait to go back and try the Feast and Biryani platters. Just remember, good things come to those who wait.
Love this place. Chipotle style assembly line food for Indian cuisine has finally been cracked by these guys!
Wonderful place to have lunch. $10 meal with high quality curry, and good-smell rice. Highly recommend if you live nearby!
I had the "feast" with chicken tikka, chickpea dal, saffron rice, cucumber kachumbar and garlic naan. I also ordered the samosas with coriander chutney and mango lassi (similar to a mango yogurt drink). All delicious!
Actually really good Indian food. Recommend the biryani with chicken tikka. I went for dinner on a weeknight and there was pretty much no line and plenty of seating. Service is friendly and food is really filling.
I really like their concept. I got dosa with spicy chicken tikka here and I loved it. This is by far my favorite Indian place!
The place is still solid with great food. But customer service is getting bad. Owner has hired people that don't seem interested in working there or look tired (during Sunday lunch hour)
This is like the Indian version of Chipotle. However, there are some differences. You place your order and they will cook the protein afterwards in front of you. I got the chicken tikka biryani. It's basically yellow rice with marinated chicken. You can pick your level of spice for the protein. The line assemble goes quick even though they cook the meat after you order. Afterwards, you pay.Overall, the food is delicious and comparable with Chipotle. I would say Indikich's rice isn't as flavorful as Chipotle's but Indikich's protein definitely taste better. Since I only ordered the biryani which is just rice with meat, there wasn't much to the meal as there are at Chipotle where you can add lettuce, cheese, etc to the meal. However, the feast might have more options. Looking forward to trying that next time. Also, Indikich is slightly more experience than Chipotle by a dollar or two but it's not a big deal to me. Definitely worth a try! Too bad this is only one store in NYC.
Samosa Chaat was delicious!! $6.47The reason I gave this place 3 stars instead of the 4 was because everyone had to ask how it works. The signs do not give direction on how a customer should go through their Chipotle style stepwise approach. I stood in the sandwich line only to find out after I got to the front that there was a different line for samosa chaat.Food was great, will definitely come back to try something new!
Excellent lunch spot for great Indian food A++ for food service and people will make this a Reg spot enjoy!
The food here is decent. Like the other reviewers have mentioned, it feels like an Indian version of Chipotle but less filling (which I like, actually). How they differ from Chipotle is how incredibly long they take to serve you your food. The reason Chipotle uses a production line to prepare meals is because it makes the process more efficient and you get your meal faster, this place manages to not do that.
Essentially the Chipotle of Indian food, but still delicious. I ordered the Feast with Mushroom Kadai, beet salad, chickpeas, & saffron rice, as well as a side of samosas. I wasn't sure what to expect but it was delicious! The rice is flavorful, the chickpeas had excellent seasoning and the best salad was a different take for that side. The mushroom Kadai was amazing, not too oily or greasy at all, and the mushrooms are cooked just perfect. Even the samosas weren't too heavy and I love the dipping sauces. I had to go back a second time the next day, I craved it all again immediately! Great go-to spot for a quick bite.
Chipotle style Indian - all I can say is BRILLIANT! Quality of the food is phenomenal I got the feast as did my friend - good value for the price. Most definitely will be going back
Chipotle for Indian food?! Pretty great!  I'm usually a bit of an Indian food snob, being Pakistani and all, but for a fast food/quick bite place this was surprisingly pretty good.  You can get different combos- dosas (kind of like tacos), feast (meat and rice and 4 sides), etc. and different kinds of meat (although don't be like my boyfriend and get paneer thinking it's chicken- it's tofu).Go for the pulled pork vindaloo.  I'm all about chicken tikka but I'm glad I switched to the dark side for this meal.
I'm very into this place. The food is fired after you order and can be cooked to the spice level you can handle. It's not cheap but you get a nice meal for the money. My faves are the salad and feast with tika masala. Lots of flavor. I also like the onion Bhati and garlic nann. Top: this place gets busy at lunch so try ordering ahead online.UPDATE: They have dosas now! And they're delicious!
A reasonable attempt at Indian fast food but needs a lot of work and more options.  There was a wide range of spice levels offered for the dishes which was good.  The samosas were crispy but the chaat was just ok.   There weren't many vegetarian options for the main dish. Food was a very oily and the dosa was soggy from the sauces.  Indian food has so many amazing options for fast food and they've barely scratched the surface.
It terms of fast food it really doesn't get any fresher and faster. Wait time was basically zero once ordered. I've had the chicken tikka as well as the vegetarian cheese option  (always spicy). The samosas are great as well. It's a cheap deal if you're looking for lunch options under $12
As the craze of this place seems to calm down a bit and I can get my lunch without waiting in line for half an hour smelling nice Indian food thought would pen some love for the place. Located across 23rd St Home Depot this is a good spot to pick fast n filling Indian good.  Would like to start mentioning that this is in no way authentic Indian food. Its like Chipotle Mexican Grill, not authentic but fast and tastes good and catered to please all patrons not just Indian folks. Been there thrice, and have tried the feast with chicken, pork and fish. The portions are nicely sized not too filling and neither you are like maybe I could eat one more naan. My fav is the  one with chicken, personally I find it most flavorful. The feast comes with choice of one dal, one rice, one naan, one salad and the protein.  One can customize the spice level for the meat as per liking. One tip my colleague asked me to put is AVOID the Biryani, its absolutely not a biryani - its flavored rice with meat thrown in, stay away. Grilled pineapple raitha is definitely worth trying.Verdict - You are or work around in the n'hood and want to try pretty decently flavored quick Chipote-esque Indian food, go for it.
Oh man! What a concept! Wish they would open one in SF! Delicious food, you get to pick and choose what you want. Great for lunch or dinner. Lines can be long.My fave - Biriyani style - Goan fish curry - with black daal and channa. And finish it off with some hot chai.The fish curry has a nice kick to it, that leaves you craving for more! Will be back Indikitch!
A great place to grab lunch!It has a similar feel to Chipotle, being a casual dining restaurant with an assembly line feel. The space is inviting.The chicken biryani was a generous (3 scoops) portion of rice with chicken that is warmed up to order in an individual pan with sauce. It'll set you back $9.50 after tax, which is standard for the area.The chicken was cooked perfectly and the rice and sauces had the right amount of spice for me (mild) without adding any extra chilies.The line can be slow since they are warming the meats for each order separately on small pans, but the flavors are worth it! I'll definitely be back for lunch!
So...this is basically an Indian food version of Chipotle. The food isn't bad, it just doesn't seem authentic. The naan comes perforated and seems like they just unfroze it and gave it to you. The menu was kind of rigid. You had to order their way and couldn't just order the dishes you wanted as sides. I would have given more stars if you could order each sauce with rice but it felt too commercial and forced.
As far as now, this is the best Indian food I've had in NYC. Of course the ambience and atmosphere is not the same as a restaurant, but for the price you pay this is a very good deal. I usually come here for dinner and it's not too crowded and tables are always clean.
Super yummy Indian food! Great for a quick lunch. Their garlic naan is tasty. I always get the chicken tikka, and it is spicy. This place is always packed for lunch time, and I see why!
- Indian version of Chipotle- Tasty food- Reasonable prices - Ample space
My husband and I popped in here when we were confronted with an hour wait time nearby. It looked very inviting from the outside: well lit, cute, and quick. I perceived it as "Indian Chipotle" and wasn't far off. What it actually is is: "Super Healthy Indian Chipotle." Haha. I had a bowl with the base option of "not rice" (cauliflower) and chose a spicy curry mix. It was delicious and the staff was very friendly. I believe the owner also gave us a nice greeting and acknowledgement. Then, I tried the chocolate avocado pudding (out of curiosity) and it was amazing! I will definitely go back to indikitch.
Loved the fast food style of this place. It's very much like Indian Chipotle. It's nice to be able to get quick Indian on a lunch break or whenever. The Saag Paneer Biryani Bowl ($8.79) was pretty tasty. Tons of spices, and it comes with a peanut sauce and grilled pineapple raita. The raita is awesome! Service was really good. Someone had put in a gigantic order right in front of us, and we were told our order would be a minute. To compensate for it, the manager gave us free garlic naan. Which was really good. Warm and toasty. All the employees were really nice and helpful. I really hope this place takes off. Definitely check it out, it's well worth it.
Food seems great and authentic just like chipotles mexican cuisine. This location is next to Eataly where there are diverse menus on the flatiron district.  The food is great but service can step up a lot. I order the samosas waited 20 minutes in line (of my 30 min break) then was told the samosas are sides and theres no need to make the line. I was upset because nor the cashier or manager or host didnt mention that so that sucked. The order lines need to be more clear and the cashiers need to be less moody(thats a big turn off) unlike the ones that greet which are doing a great job promoting the place. Samosas are great and affordable and they have also sides that are very interesting. They each come with 2 tradicional sauces which is cool. On another note the sanitary rules should be taken more seriously. I found a hair on one samosa so that was disturbing and the manager wasnt wearing gloves as he moved pans and trays behind the counter, let alone nets can be a utilized on top of hats on a busy kitchen like this one. Overall concept is ok i was hopong to see more cultural art on walls or music but is pretty mich a modern set up of what chipotle already is . Oh and of course be prepared to wait in linnnnne during rush hours
I come here for lunch all the time. The food is great. I love the chicken, saffron rice, yellow lentil, cucumbers, and garlic naan combo for feast. Line moves fairly quickly and the workers are really friendly. They don't serve you since it operates like a chipotle, but people come by to toss out your trash and even asked how my meal was. I take friends here and they all seem to enjoy it. Good price for what you get in the city - under $10 before taxes. The mango lassi is delicious, too.
IndiKitch was described as an Indian Chipotle and that's what it was. They cater to a niche market of Desi food loving people in a fast-food/Chipotle-style environment. So if you're in the Flatiron area and are craving something "exotic" but don't have the time to sit and dine then check this place out- It's a game changer. The line wasn't packed at 1 PM so you're able to get your lunch quickly and move on. I had the biryani with saag paneer. One of my Desi friends was like, "that's a weird combo." What can I say, I'm an unconventional type o' guy! It was really good, especially with a cold Taj Mahal on the side. And of course I ordered some samosas as well. They were small but delicious. There are extra tables available upstairs in case it's too busy downstairs.No GMOs in the food and it's cooked right in front of you which is always cool.I'll return often, often.
This is just like Chipotle but with Indian food. I really like their bread and sauces. This place offers big portions.
Oh, sooooo good. Sometimes there's a bit of a long line but it seems more like it just takes some time to prepare the food because the staff doesn't seem slow once you get up there. The only reason I don't stuff my face with food from here constantly is that I don't work in the neighborhood anymore, so I only have the chance to stop by now and again.Please don't change a thing - the portions and food are great, don't mess with it.
I was very pleasantly surprised by this little spot. I ordered the Feast, with basmati rice, dal and cucumber salads as the sides and Chicken Tikka as the main meat. This is good for beginners, pretty flavorful food with no heat. The Feast came with naan, other styles (salad, basmati plate and sandwich) do not. For 8.50 I got a nice amount of food, although I usually don't eat dal (I wasn't sure if I could sub out for some Saag Paneer on the side instead) it was mild and very tasty. I actually didn't even sample the cucumber salad I chose as a side, but it looked good. They sell potato samosas 3 for $3.25 which were perfectly crispy and had lovely, creamy potatoes inside. Cool thing about this place is the "fast casual dining" style (think Chipotle), which I've never seen done for Indian cuisine. My total for the feast, samosas, and a medium drink was $12.20 - comparable to spots in Curry Hill, but closer!
Not bad for an Indian style chipotle. It is creative, smart idea, and you don't have to wait too long. I like all the variety of options. Prices are comparatively similar to the Mexican joint too.  chicken was great, salads creative, naan flavorful. In 10 dollars I was stuffed. The samosa chaat is a must try. Tea wasn't the best but it's good they have it. And yogurt as a side was too small for a portion. Definitely coming back here.
The food was delicious! Filled with flavor and good spice!  Will definitely come back!
Great food and very friendly staff.  I order online 2-3 times a week when I can't come in and so far so good.  Interior of rest. has a dark dreary feel and can use brighter lighting.
Purchased food from Indikitch and I must say I was quite impressed. If this was a full service restaurant the food would be top notch but since it is a quick service concept, the food has to be ready for on the go customers. We ordered the "FEAST" which is a choice of a meat, sautéed in traditional sauce with 4 sides: Naan, Rice, Dal & Side Salad for about $10.50 including tax. For the main I chose the Chicken Tikki (which was very good and full of flavor), carrot side salad (which consists of carrots, sesame seeds, raisins, cashews -NUT ALLERGY ALERT-, red cabbage and light vinaigrette), chickpea dal and basmati rice. The samosas "Chaat Style" and was very pleased. They should be eaten as soon as they come out the oven.Overall great spot and I look forward to seeing what this evolves into.Food: Food quality and taste is quite good for an Indian quick service concept. They need to list the ingredients of each item. The carrot salad has cashews but was not listed on the menu and my friend has a nut allergy. If you have food allergies you should definitely inquire about the ingredients. Service: Can be improved. This is a new concept and they are still working out the kinks for the customer experienceAtmosphere: Very utilitarian and industrial.
What? It's like the chipotle of Indian food. I came here during lunch and there was a line out the door. I'm sorry curry-in-a-hurry, but they've got this pipeline customization business model working for them.  Overall, the food is decent for the Chicken biryani.I think it's certainly limited when compared to the authentic delights from Curry Hill (28th and Lex) area, but this is the equivalent of calling Chipotle a high quality Mexican restaurant. To be fair, I find the extra customization and spiciness to be a nice adventure. I'm not going to lie - the choices every step of the way makes me want to go back and try different combinations. They're so tricky with their mind game trickery.If you want authentic Indian food, definitely go to a $11 lunch buffet at any of those Indian restaurants (I personally like Tamba because of their goat curry), but if you're too lazy to walk over there or you really just like curry and rice, have a try. It's basically a burrito bowl from Chipotle for the Asian persuasion.
If man and sag paneer could marry...But seriously, this place is amazing, flavorful, and under $10 for lunch... You just can't beat it. I see myself going back twice a week!
Indikitch is a dream come true!  I love Indian spices and to be able to get those delicious flavors on the fly made before your eyes is amazing!  It is a chipotle style assembly line with a fair amount of choices to create a feast.  A "feast"comes with 1 of 3 different rice options; basmati, brown, or saffron.....go with the saffron!  There are 3 dal options; Classic, Chickpea, or Yellow lentil.  It includes 1 of 3 salad options as well; Carrot, Beet, or Cucumber.  Choose your naan to finish!  Indikitch is delicious!  BTW, they do not have anything of substance that is gluten free FYI.
Went last night with a friend who works in the area. They have a nice selection despite the fast food look & feel. Food was good, spiced according to taste, and served hot.We both ordered chicken tikka, mine with chick peas, basmati rice and carrot salad, his with other sides. All seemed good. We ordered samosas but they weren't ready, so I was told to check back in 6 minutes.  Hilariously, the young woman at the register carded my friend (he's 55) when he ordered a beer. We laughed about that.I'm not a fan of the noisy space. No sound baffling, high ceilings, and even the upstairs seating area was loud despite the fact that only two other couples were up there. Two chatty magpie young ladies and a couple of people speaking French sat near us, and I could barely hear my friend.I went back downstairs to get the samosas and they had had a shift change, so I expected a problem but didn't get one. Food was good, we were able to sit & relax. All in all not a bad spot for lunch or a quick dinner.
Best fast-food Indian food!The concept is great (similar to Chipotle's model) - you select your dish (Feast, Biriyani, Dosa, or Salad); then you pick your main (selection of meats and vegetarian options).  I've had all and I honestly can't pick my favorite!  The Feast is a great option for those who want to try different things - you pick rice, dal, Kachumbar, and naan bread in addition to your main!  The Biriyani is a rice dish topped with your choice of main; this is definitely the heaviest of the dishes but still very yummy!  The dosa is their newest addition; you get 3 dosa's, taco-style filled with your main dish and sauce.  I never thought I'd eat Indian food over a bed of romaine but the salad is a lighter, delicious alternative for lunch.I've had the Chicken Tikka, Mushroom Kadai, Paneer Tikka, and Goan Fish - ALL amazing!  And cooked to order.  You can also pick your level of spice for your main.  The only downside to their concept is, because it's cooked to order, it's not as quick as other fast-food places.The prices are very reasonable for made-to-order food but one complaint I have is - since they've opened, their portions have gotten slightly smaller :(
the ratio of the chicken tikka to rice was off. didn't really enjoy the meal either. would not recommend coming back
A Chipotle style Indian fast food restaurant which sounded intriguing but left much to be desired. The paneer Tikka was good but the rice tasted uncooked and the Naan was rubbery. The samosas were excellent. The service was nice and quick so overall if you want Indian food without the typical restaurant setting, this is a good place to go.
The Feast is amazing, good amount of food for the price. Garlic naan is very good and the samosas are great.
This is by far and arguably the best, most conviniet, value for money and definately THE PLACE to have tastiest Indian Food.Biryani is wonderfulSandwiches (Sub style) - Great --- But they've stopped doing them and replaced withDOSA (set dosa) - Very innovative way of serving dosa.Feast is truly as per the it's name - FEAST.
Came here to see what this was all about & I'm impressed on how the Chipotle influence and Indian food fusion comes together and works so well with each other! I wish it was similar in pricing to how Chipotle is like because for less than $10 I was only able to get their samosa chaat style. This is a nice place to check out, but their items were way to pricey.
I usually don't write reviews.  Went today around 730pm.  The food tasted fresh.  Amazing attention to detail - even the side chutneys and yogurt were yummy.  Samosas were one of the best I have eaten.  The chai was very tasty - must have for a chai lover.  Kati roll was very good and not too oily.  The staff was also very polite and helpful.
As many people have said, it is basically a Chipotle for Indian Food. But it is pretty good, fast, and reasonable. If you have a yen for some quick Indian food, check it out.
The place is okay for where it is, but if you have the time and in the mood for better more authentic Indian food, I recommending head up a few streets to little IndiaIt operates like a lunch line/subway sandwich type of place. The $10 feast is not so much of a feast, but a decent sized portioned meal (they are pretty stingy on the meat though). A normal person would be full after eating, but not stuffed. The food itself is pretty good, not greasy, I am a fan of the garlic nan (which is closer to a scallion pancake than the fluffy nan at traditional Indian places). I had the pulled pork and my friend had the chicken tiki, and the meat was pretty tender as well. I chose the first level of chili which wasn't that spicy at all. The hot sauce goes well w/ the nan.Crazy lines during lunch and the stairs represent a fall/safety lawsuit waiting to happen. No WiFi yet but a lot of seating upstairs and some smaller seats downstairs.
My first Indian food experience was at Indikitch! I got the chicken biryani -  a saffron rice bowl with a 'main' of your choice (I got chicken), that comes with a side of peanut sauce and a yogurt sauce. Like some other reviews, I too see it somewhat as an Indian version of Chipotle. The line was pretty long, but it went pretty quickly. The overall environment of the restaurant is nice, and you can view the chefs cooking up your meat right in front of you, which is pretty cool. As a fan of spicy food, I requested the food be extra spicy. However, when I tried the food I was disappointed because it was NOT spicy to me whatsoever. Despite that, the flavors were very good and worked well together. I was not a fan of the yogurt sauce that seemed to be infused with pineapple (yuck). The peanut sauce was pretty tasty though, and had a nice kick. I would suggest going here if your looking for something new, or something you wouldn't normally come across! I would definitely go back :)
Very tasty! I'm not sure I agree with others who said the Feast was a must. You do get a nice variety of things that way, but a relatively small portion of the main item. I had the Goan Fish, saffron rice, beet salad. My bf had the chicken tikka, basmati rice and carrot salad. And samosas. His ginger cane was really thick and sweet, and was quite improved by adding some water! All in all, great stuff, two of us ate for about $30.
Indian interpretation fast casual dining. Menu is a tad confusing with options, but the overall taste was excellent. Closest thing to a chipotle burrito bowl: is a Biryani, which comes with two sauces and a choice of protein.I got the Tikka Biryani bowl. I personally enjoyed the spicy peanut sauce as it added a dimension to the dish that was a nice interpretation of traditional tikka masala.Check it out if you're in the neighbourhood. Overall: Food: B+ Ambiance: A-Price: AWould Come Back?: Yes
So delicious! I had the paneer tikka, and it was amazing! So much flavor, and you can tell it's really fresh. It was very fast service for a good price. We showed up at about 11:50/noon and the line wasn't long at all. The casheir was sort of weird when I asked for cups for water, but it was no big, as the servers were more than kind and courteous. There's a lot of seating though it did fill up. We had a lovely meal on the upper floor under the skylight! Even during lunch, the restaurant wasn't too loud to have a conversation with your dining partner. I'd definitely go back to try more food options!
thankful to the friend who recommended trying out this place. Decent portion sizes, plenty of seating, quick service and yummy food. Opted for the mild spice level and did not regret it. Ordered the biryani topped with saag paneer and loved it. My friends paneer tikka was good too.
Great food. But small portions if the main dish & their grill is SO slow. The orders pile up which definitely makes the line a bit long.If they learn to speed up the process a bit - that would get more people in and out the door.Great lunch place though! Delicious! Get the salad & chicken tikka or saag paneer!
Indikitch seriously blew me away. And that's saying a lot, considering that I'm one of the pickiest eaters ever - especially when it comes to Indian food (both authentic and fusion).My BF and I stopped by here on a Tuesday because we were in the Flatiron area and were very "hangry" after a long day at work. We decided to try this place since one of my roommates really enjoyed it, and gave us the standard "It's like Chipotle for Indian food!" pitch.I've tried other Indian restaurants with the Chipotle feel in other cities (D.C., Bay Area), and haven't been impressed to date. But Indikitch truly knocked it out of the park.We both ordered the feast option - I opted for the Goan fish curry, saffron rice, chana masala (which isn't a dal but they added it as a dal option...), and carrot/cashew salad. BF ordered the chicken curry, brown rice, chana masala and cucumber salad. The fish curry was excellent - the flavors of the coconut milk, cilantro and spices were incredible, and it tasted amazing when combined with the rice and carrot/cashew salad. Well worth the extra dollar. :) BF enjoyed the chicken curry as well, but we both agreed the Goan fish was the star of the show.All in all, we both loved indikitch and will most definitely return here at some point! It's so refreshing to see a reasonably priced Indian restaurant in the area that isn't one of the fancy high end restaurants or a restaurant with poor service/oily greasy food.
Do yourself a favor and eat here! This is the closest you will come to eating fresh food that tastes like food from india AND is cheap and fast. Food is local and/or organic and delicious. Beware you desis, their 2 chillies is HOT!!!! Get the feast, it's 10 bucks and i love their classic dal which is the kaali dal/ dal makhani. Like everyone else said, its the chipotle for indian food!
After a job interview on 23rd Street, I saw this place and decided to take home a dish for dinner. I had the Goan Fish. It was good, but nothing spectacular.
Great concept and would've given a higher rating if the "I want the 1 chilly" was so hot all three of us couldn't eat our main meals! And I like my food spicy. The garlic naan was tasty as was the dahl.
I will not leave a long review. There is not much to say other than that this place is delicious! I have been eating here since they first opened and about a year later the service is amazingly quick, friendly, and the food is beyond good!! I call this place the "chipotle of indian food"$10 and I have enough great food to leave for left overs for dinner! One of my faves in the area!FYI I have even brought friends here who claimed they didnt like indian and walked away loving it!
They are the Indian style chipotle, except that they are far better than chipotle. Best Indian fast food That I've had in a long time. Their pork vindaloo and the chicken tikka salad is totally mind blowing. They must open in other cities too.
I've been waiting for a chipotle style indian spot for years.  Finally, i got to try this place.  The food is heavy and spicy like typical indian food.  They have a great selection of veggie and meat dishes.  I tried the mushroom w/biryiani and the paneer with 3 sides. It's very filling.  The place is nice and minimal, it costs about $27 for two people with drinks so its not a bad deal, enough food for the next day.I gave it four stars just because they tried something different and it works, fast good indian food is not that common in nyc.
Got the "feast" spicy with saag paneer and it was every bit as good as the sag paneer that I've had at a fine Indian restaurant. My parents who are visiting from India loved it too which says a lot. Entrees are  freshly prepared right at the counter Very very impressed! Be careful if you ask for spicy though - this is the real deal. I'd probably go for a medium next time myself.
I was disappointed to note that they don't do sandwiches anymore. But the substitute they have, dosa tacos, were pretty damn amazing! I got mine with chicken tikka and infused two chillies. The spice level was absolutely perfect and the flavor was amazing! It came with a side of green coconut chutney which complimented the dosa really well. Loved it.
Let's get this straight, this is definitely not authentic Indian food in the truest sense. But that doesn't preclude it from being tasty either.Had the feast option with the goan fish and garlic naan. Decent sized portions for a quick dinner on the go. Naan was more like a pita bread than a traditional naan but when you hear this place described as a Chipotle for Indian food, you adjust your expectations accordingly.Food was made fresh and quickly. The queueing system is a bit strange though. Start at the very back of the place and submit your order, then work your way forward through No-Man's-Land to the cash.You can also order online if you want to do a quick grab'n go. Definitely adding this to my rotation of places in the area I can hit-up if I don't feel like cooking.One thing to note though, make sure you get a drink. Was definitely left thirsty afterwards (salt, msg?).
I had my mind set on going to another place for lunch on Friday, but one of my co - workers started telling me about Indikitch.  So after looking at the menu, I decided on going to Indikitch.  The best decision I made that day. The food was amazing. I got the Feast dish. I chose chicken tikka, chickpeas,  beets and garlic Naan. I also got a side of Samosas. The tamarind sauce was so good. I will definitely be going back here, and I highly recommend this place.
Do you like Chipotle?"Uh, sorta?"THEN YOU'LL LOVE INDIKITCH, LET'S GOFood: DELICIOUS AS FUCK. It's customizable, like Chipotle, but you're not gonna pick anything that doesn't taste good with the other thing you picked. The spicy option could be way spicier. Despite how weak, milquetoast, and stereotypical we look, some white American nerdy idiots like getting our mouths seared out! (I'm talking about myself.)Ordering: INCREDIBLY CONFUSING, UH, WAIT WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO PICK NEXT, WHAT IS THAT BROWN STUFF IT LOOKS OKAY I GUESS?: I've been here, like, three times and I always hit a snag ordering somewhere. The options aren't clearly labelled, and it's not always clear when you have an option. And unlike Chipotle (I'm gonna keep comparing this place to Chipotle), the line flow is awkward and it's not always clear when you should walk forward.They need some bugs worked out. Once they do, this could become an institution. Like CHIPOTLE, YES I WENT THERE OKAY"Chipotle" count: 6
i had the pork with rice and lentils, small portions just passable food, i wouldn t go back
I really wanted to like this place. I think I came on an off day so I will attempt them again. The naan was good and my meat was good. Just my rice was undercooked. Now when you order a rice bowl and this is one of the main ingredients, this can not happen. I'll update the review once I try them again.
Finally got a chance to drop by Indikitch late on a weekday afternoon. The place was relatively empty compared to it's normal lunch time lines. I decided not to eat like an animal and opted for the Fire Salad with Chicken Tikka, spicy. Unfortunately by the time I got back to the office it was a bit on the cool side, but that is no fault of Indikitch's. It was spicy, as promised, which I appreciated. The greens were fresh and the dressing they used on top was quite good.I'll be back, if I'm in the area and I'm desperate for quick Indian food. Otherwise... I'm en route to Murray Hill.
I'm obsessed with Indikitch. I eat here at least once a week. The feast with paneer tikka is amazing, and the mango lassi is also a must-try. Can't recommend this restaurant enough.
Filling food, a little heavy, like all the simple, various options.
I am in love with indikitch. It really is a Chipotle, but for Indian food. The atmosphere and the decor of the restaurant is very clean and modern. The food is made right in front of you. It is fast, affordable, and delicious. My husband ordered the Chicken Tikka feast and I ordered the Pulled Pork Vindaloo biryani bowl. We both love spicy foods, so we ordered the extra spicy option for both our dishes--beware, it does put your mouth on fire!He ordered the feast with saffron rice, beet salad, yellow lentil, and garlic naan. Everything was absolutely delicious! They give you a good sized naan--we split it between the two of us! I'd recommend the garlic naan!My Pulled Pork Vindaloo was the best! It came with a yogurt and peanut pepper dressing. Although the Vindaloo was flavorful enough, the yogurt and peanut pepper dressing made it deliciously interesting! I used the sauces for the naan as well. Each of our dishes were under $10. You can't get better than that! We will definitely be back for sure.
I definitely like to try everything once and a colleague invited me to this place. I must say I liked this place and would definitely go back. I had the feast with chicken tikka, saffron rice, classic dal, cucumber salad and original naan. Like everyone mentioned it kind of reminds me of a chipotle.
Heard about this new Indian place that runs chipotle/subways style where you pick the main dish then protein then vegetables and other toppings. Food is tasty and is very filling. A bit pricey but worth trying.
As far as I know this is my first review in which I have given 4 stars to any place.Today was India day parade and I was really pissed off at the food options at the virtually non existent food court. The parade was near the flatiron district in Manhattan and I was well aware of the curry hill area which is brimming with Indian food options. But trust me, if you have even iota of clue for what Indian food should taste like then you will just dismiss these restaurants on curry hill. I was searching for chipotle- the safe bet but someone from the group suggested indikitch, it was his first time as well. I was expecting the usual mayhem on food as the way Indian food is prepared in most of restaurants here is quite tangential to what actual Indian food tastes like. So far, naansense in Chicago's loop area was my favorite. I ordered the "feast" from the menu which came with saffron rice, chickpeas, beet salad,a whole wheat bread and spicy mushroom gravy(There are options and one has to select to get his/her bowl ready).I had ordered spicy one but I shouldn't have for my threshold for spices has one down exponentially.But despite the fact, everything was in proper order.Right amount of chilly, nutmeg powder, cumin seeds, salt,paprika,cardamoms,coriander, parsley etc. I was able to taste all the spices and none of them was over or under cooked.For $10.5 it was a perfect meal. I am giving 4 stars for I have tested it only once and if on my next visit it will be able to repeat its success ,I am quite sure that I will change my rating from 4 to 5 stars.PS : One can choose between spicy and normal.One thing I would like to say is that my review is based for people who are from India and have tasted proper Indian food. Americans and Europeans find Indian food very spicy and thus they subdue it by removing spices in the preparation or prefer fewer spices. Having spices doesn't mean that it will burn your throat, it means you will get distinct flavors. Spicy and hot are two different things.If one wants to eat hot then have the red sauce of Halal guys. I don't even know whats the purpose of something that which hot  renders you speechless for you keep on crying.
This place is cool!  They have so many things on the menu that I want to try in the future.  Today I had the chicken salad and it had such a delicious flavor combination.  I want to try the naan bread and those crispy little triangle looking things.  They have a mango drink that I can't wait to try either!
My mom and myself was looking for something a little different to eat and came across this place. I can truly say that their food is GREAT!!! I've had Indian food many times but this place is on point and I love the cafeteria atmosphere.Will definitely be making a trip back soon.
I'm sure this is in all the other reviews, but this joint is basically just Chipotle for Indian food. I have to say I was originally skeptical of the concept, but after having takeout from here this past weekend, I will say I'm a big fan, and when I move just a block away in a month, I will definitely be coming here much more frequently! The interior very much feels like a Chipotle, with the menus of different types of bowls/sandwiches you can start with, different meats, and all the other goods. There wasn't much of a line Sunday night, so it's pretty straightforward - choose your meat, choose your spice level (I was very impressed that they cook everything on the spot, instead of letting it sit in a container all day), and you can choose your extras if you get a feast bowl. I went with chicken biryani (definitely go with the saffron rice - clearly looks / tastes the most flavorful), although I do wish I had gotten the chicken spicier - mild is limp as a wet noodle when it comes to the heat, and even though the next stop is 'hot', it was definitely manageable, even for someone like myself who isn't a fan of burning up my insides. Although not as flavorful as some other biryanis I've had, I will say that the execution - and the price (at $9.50 including tax) is definitely going in its favor. Pick up a drink while you're at it, too; my friends love the chai, and the blood orange lemonade is delicious, especially with bits of mint leaves cutting the flavor and adding that twist of herby goodness.Because I'm abandoning my Curry Hill roots shortly, I was worried about finding any Indian restaurant nearby that would satisfy my occasional cravings. I wouldn't say this is going to blow your mind, but as a take-out Indian restaurant, I find it quite a bit better than, say, Curry in a Hurry. Solid setup, good food, and pretty decent pricing - all the good makings of a semi-fast food spot!
One of my favorite places to eat when I want something quick and hot. Do yourself a favor and have the garlic naan, delish!
Mushroom dosa is awesome. Vegan and gluten free. Cody was super knowledgeable about what was in the food and took the time to explain each option to me. There is only one vegan option for main topping, but it's yummy :) Thanks, Cody! It's so refreshing to speak to an employee that really cares about and knows the product.
People are saying this is the indian version of "chipotle". Although they have similar concept of the layout of their kitchen, they have completely different taste of food. I ordered the chicken tikka biryani. I love the traditional sauce they use for my bowl with the tender chicken. They have great flavors overall but the rice is somewhat plain. Definitely worth it to come back!
Had dinner with a friend here last night. Ordered the mild Vindaloo Pork feast with Basmati rice, cucumber salad and classic dal. Like their Chicken Tikka better but the pork is nice, too. Fast, cheap, and clean, they cook/heat up your food right after you order (better than warming the whole pot all day.) Totally a Indian version Chipotle. Love it!
Excellent food.  The saag paneer dosai is amazing.  The lil one loves the biryani.  I would definitely recommend.
Delivery was faster than a bullet.Only work 4 blocks away but still... 15m ? Thank you Ma'am, who was really pretty BTW.ANYWHO, Indikitch is indeed similar to Chipotle just ... indian.Food was okay, fresh. keep in mind this is like a high(ish) end fast food. Pricing is excellent.. 2 flaws 1.food portion is small  2. boy does it smell!! I work as a concierge and after eating i had to spray air freshner in the lobby for about 5 minutesclean the counter, doors, walls everything. even my clothes smelled of Indian cuisine i had to spray some cologne
My boyfriend was raving about this place for months and finally gave it a try. Everything was fresh and delicious. Definitely worth a try for a quick lunch.
Ordered paneer dosa and feast with chicken. Dosa were more like tasteless pancakes, and naan was a bit hard to chew on. Nothing as good as other indian restaurant/food truck I tried before... Not impressed...
Went to Indikitch last night for dinner for the first time. I'd never been, so I was a tad bit confused by the super fast paced method of order taking and serving. The atmosphere and furniture of the place was modern and comfortable. I got the chicken biryani and it was delicious. Good spice content and the flavor was great.
Wanna eat Indian food in Mexican Style? Go here! Take it easy on the spice. Their spice definitions suit Indian people. So, if you're an Indian and love spice go for 4. Otherwise, lower bruh!
Basically the Indian Chipotle, I have to give Indikitch some props for venturing out and trying to bring the casual diner in for some Indian food.Their food isn't bad but the spices seem to be dimmed down for the average American taste buds. It's also slightly expensive for the amount of food you're actually getting. They need to get some fresher, crisper veggies for their salads.They do cook your meat when you place your order so that your dish does come out hot and fresh. However, this is clearly the bottleneck of this operation as it slows down the assembly line process quite considerably.It's not a bad place to check out for the unique idea and the modern decor. But if you're just visiting NYC, you won't miss out on too much by skipping it.
Yep ... an Indian Chipotle. Only a few menu choices/customization options, which is nice. I really liked that they had a woman standing at the entrance to hand me a menu and explain how the whole thing worked. The line wasn't long and I didn't feel rushed.I had the Chicken Tikka "Feast" with chickpeas, basmati rice, and carrot salad. The sauce on the chicken was very good,  but I could see that the chicken itself was made up of a lot of dark meat/fatty pieces, which I don't like. The carrot salad was really good! Not sure what kind of spices (sesame? vinegar?) were on it, but it was a cool and fresh addition to the mild spice of the dal/chicken.The naan was my biggest disappointment. It did not taste very authentic - more like a burnt, flat, dry fast food version that's been kept in a warmer and served in a paper bag. Mine was almost like a thin pizza crust. I've had way better. Lots of seating (2 levels).Overall: worth a try and good for a quick lunch/dinner, but I think better Indian food can be found elsewhere. Still, it gets the job done!
This place has become so popular overnight and it's amazing. Of course it was only fitting for me to see what the big deal was about this Indian cuisine. Might I add, I had never ever had Indian food before this place, I'm a newbie. I proceeded to this establishment with my coworker who is Indian, I was only suppose to purchase samosas, I already had lunch in the fridge but as we waited on the long line that was to the door, temptation and curiosity began to set in. The Set-Up:The place is assembly line style, first stop is the rice, in my case. You are asked if you want it spicy or not and your choice of meat. Then there are two chefs who toss your meat in spices under a large flame which is sure to burn an eyebrow off. You see what goes on with your dish as you move along. The line goes all the way down to guys who top your dish with necessary ingredients and off to the cashier. The Food:I ended up ordering just way too much food. I had the Byriani, chaat samosa and naan. All of this came to $17... The chaat samosas are very delicious, it's sweet with some curry spices as well. I was surprised at how good this food was, I just did not expect it to be this good. I ate my samosas with my naan which was warm and tasty as well. Just the chaat samosas and naan filled me up, I never got to eat the rest of my food. I saved the Byriani for dinner, it was brown rice with curried chicken and a side of yogurt and some other sauce. The rice and chicken is actually good!! It wasn't greasy nor fatten, the portions were great too! I will certainly frequent Indikitch but after the lunch crowd to avoid long lines. I'll certainly recommend this place to anyone who is a first timer to Indian cuisine,  great place to try it out. They are sure to continue their success in the Nomad area.
This food here is packed with flavor! It's a fast casual restaurant indian restaurant where you pick your base and toppings and sides.  As I mentioned before, being Indian I am very picky with Indian food and I loved this place!   I got the saffron rice (basically the same type of rice as biryani), lentil (which is more like chole), paneer tikka and garlic naan.  Amazing combo!  I appreciate the numerous pieces of paneer rather than most places that only have one or two in a entire bowl. I got the two chile peppers level of spicy and it was definitely spicy enough - bordering on too spicy but I don't mind it. (Be careful if you are sensitive to spicy food)  Each combo is pretty much less than 10 dollars and it's so much food!  It also comes with a side salad  (I got the one with carrots) - that was okay, almost a filler on the plate.  I will definitely be coming back here! So delicious! They also have a purell station as you leave to clean your hands!
Skip Chipotle and get yourself a flavorful plate of paneer tikka, rice, dhal, salad and naan for the same price. Only come here if you've worked up an appetite for the meals are very heavy. Spice levels offered from 1-3, have it your way. This place is fast food done right!
Found this place randomly with my friends and decided to stop by because it looked promising and it definitely met my expectations. There are lots of options for entrees, sides and drinks it was so hard to decide what I should get. I ended up ordering myself a chicken biryani with naan bread and samosas. The food is delicious and they are very generous with their portions and I had leftovers for lunch the next day. For my drink I ordered a mango lassi because they're my favorite fruit and it was amazing. I'm looking forward to coming back here and trying their other options.
I went at 4 pm and received bad service....All the employs avoided eye contact with me..... Where to place orders is not clear...Most items are over priced....
Friendly service, I saw this worker behind the counter come around to the help a customer understand the menu and talked her thru, patiently, with the selections. I respected that. Spacious inside. Food was delish-had an order of biryani rice bowl with paneer topping (veg only) and was sucked in. Totol appx. $9 without a drink. The layout is similar to Chipotle's style of serving food including the seating area. Do recommend.
Very disappointed with this restaurant. After reading these reviews, I expected a Chipotle-ish standard of food with an  exciting Indian twist. Unfortunately, the staff were extremely rude and unfriendly, so it didn't really do much to elevate the experience of eating mediocre tasting food. The one star is for the value pricing. I'm never going here again!
My coworkers described this place as the "Chipotle of Indian food," and she was right! The lines are definitely long at lunchtime, but I went to just order sides to add to my home-brought lunch.The line doesn't take too long to move though, since the food is served cafeteria style. I ordered the Samosa and Onion Fried Fritters. Yum! Definitely got full just from these sides.I can't comment on entrees since I didn't get one- but perhaps next time.
I wanted to be impressed by Indikitch. I really, really did. I mean, Indian food in a Chipotle style restaurant? What's not winning about that?!But while the food was pretty delicious and the service was great, I just wasn't impressed. Maybe it was just what I ordered - the feast with the mushroom option and a beet salad with saffron rice and chickpea dal and a plain naan. My favorite parts of the meal were the chickpea dal and the naan - so disappointing!One of my favorite things about Indian food is the amount of sauce/curry/whatever it's called you get with each protein - so you can mix in rice or dip your naan in it and just savor the flavor. But with Indikitch, they put just enough sauce in each main so it would stay moist - no overflow of curry/sauce. The only thing I could dip my naan into! Or mix my rice with! (But another good thing about Indikitch - they fire up your main fresh, which is why there's usually a wait in line.)Another thing I didn't like about my lunch (I got takeaway) was that all I could taste was raw onion. I'm not the biggest fan of raw onions - if I'm going to eat one, it's going to be sweet and caramelized. But in the beet salad and the mushroom main, I kept getting major bites of raw onion! While there were plenty of mushrooms, I'm not quite sure how I managed to get bits of onion with each bite - it ended up making the meal really unappetizing. Plus, I had dragon breath for the rest of the day! Not very fun or attractive.So while it's a great place to try at least once (just so you could say you went to the Indian version of Chipotle), I'll stick with my usual Indian takeaway/delivery places, thank you very much.
Have been here a couple times and it's a welcome alternative when I have some chipotle-like cravings - I actually think of it like an indian version of chipotle.I've always gotten the chicken feast with with basmati. The chicken is well seasoned, cooked, and the sauce is just the right amount to make it consistent but not soupy yet not chicken with sauce. The basmati rice is excellent, and I also usually get the carrot side. I've had both the original bread and the garlic, both are excellent and good for dipping (although I usually don't because the food is delicious on its own).Great casual fast-dining that is very similar to chipotle except via cuisine. This location has great friendly staff but during lunch hours the place can get SUPER busy - i've never had a problem during off hours.
Omg this is my new favorite work-lunch spot! I love this place!! I am so happy every time I eat here because the food is always sooo tasty. I usually order the Feast Chicken Tikki, and I am never disappointed. Indikitch is kind of like a fast Chipotle-style restaurant, but with Indian food. The meats are usually cooked to order in front of you, hence the longgg wait for food during lunch time. Try to avoid coming here at 12-1pm or else you will be on the line for at least 20-30 mins. However if you must, the wait is totally worth it. By 2pm, there is usually no line. Recommended this place to my coworkers and they also ended up loving the food. Our lunch table was full of "'Mmmm!!" 's after the first bite.
Have never been a fan of the chipotle factory-belt style imitators but this time I'm a believer. Legit spicy, with great taste and very reasonable prices. Putting an end to the great American scam that good Indian food can only be found at expensive sit-down restaurants.
walking around town as i do on a early summer friday dissmal from work and i stumbled on this indian version of chipotle. service was friendly and helpful. the food was pretty delish. nice sizable portions too cuz if i had it my way i would have gained a few pounds with my giant imaginary spoon, created in my giant head, feeding my giant heart..... indikitch you got speaking deeply about myself, thats gotta be good riiiiiight. highly recommend.
This place is legit. I'm Indian so Im probably more critical than the average yelper with this place.That said, the food is authentic and incredibly tasty.They seem to have figured out the code for an Indian fast food joint. Hasn't been done yet.  I expect to see more of these places popping up.
I finally stopped by Indikitch after walking by so many times. I went in with low expectations. How good could an Indian Chipotle really be? I ordered the biryani bowl with pulled pork vindaloo. It was bland even with the fried onions and sauces they include with your order. Where's the flavor? I have to say it was definitely a step up from all the bland Indian restaurants on 9th ave in Hell's Kitchen though. Service was quick and pretty friendly. Got to give them that.
Awful service. Walked in with my girlfriend who ordered according to their cafeteria assembly line protocol. Meanwhile, I was waiting at the beginning of the line for the server with an attitude that makes a crotchety cafeteria worker seem like a real charmer.So, I'm standing there and she takes two people behind me. I'm confused at this point and finally say that I'm still waiting to order. She says "wachu want?". Then she unapologetically slaps a spoonful of rice and slides my tray down.TL;DR the food actually isn't bad. But the people who work here are incompetent and rude. Skip this place.
Really great chain for a nice Indian dish at a good price. Good amount of spice and amazing naan! Would do again.
Fragrant, savory, spicy, and flavorful. For around 10 dollars, you can get a very satisfying meal that's prepped chipotle style - so you can pick and choose at various stations for a custom tailored dish. I work in the area so i often stop in for lunch here. I've tried many of the choices and they have yet to let me down. Highly recommended!
What a cluster-f. There were 7-8 people behind the counter, all trying to do the same thing. Or not do the same thing. Or maybe do something completely unrelated to serving food. Beyond disorganized, they were unfriendly and forgot the order many many times. The food was ok, but why put up with this nonsense?
Excellent food, lines can be long but they move fast, this is one of my favorite places for lunch in midtown.
Ok, two "not so wonderful" experiences over the past week incited me to actually join yelp. I love yelpers, but I always considered myself a social media voyeur. Visiting indikitch left me stomping over my own personal boundaries to call out a subpar Chipotle-esqe clone who should spend way more time under cover eating burritos. You have to know what you are doing to line folks up like this and get them in and out. indikitch does not. The number of stations you have to traverse before exiting with a tray of food takes up most of the restaurant. From the time my chick peas were poured un-lovingly in their little teeny cardboard compartment on an airplane like plate, it took another twenty minutes to pay and get out of there. I found myself increasingly pained, as 35 minutes of my lunch break wafted away on line reading my iPad. There was only one cashier working, though there are three stations to ring, and standing in front of a blazing indian meat fire does remove any grooming efforts you might have made that morning... nice smelling shampoo, lotions, laundry detergent, yeah, they don't stand a chance. When I did finally reach the end of the road, there was no Naan, and a little group of us formed on the side of the register awaiting our bread with our ever chilling food. So, be prepared for a gauntlet to even move onto the experience of tasting the food. I am very surprised at the positive reviews here as there are excellent traditional and healthy versions of Indian on Lexington and throughout the city. This food was pedestrian, it tasted like something AirIndia might serve (yes, another airplane food reference). Although it is clear they are making a great effort, they are trying to make too much happen. The result, no originality, nothing is re-invented, and the classics are not done well. If you want something special, economical, and live in the area, call Minar on 31st, order a Masala Dosa and a small side of Chicken Tikka for delivery...heaven! They may rush you on the phone but it is so worth it. You will not waste 55 minutes of your life on mediocre food from a stressed out but sweet staff.
super delicious. great portion sizes and so easy to order, easy to eat. I've been twice and everything I tried (chicken tikka, goan fish, saag paneer, mushrooms) was flavorful and had a very nice amount of spice. It also somehow tastes a LITTLE bit lighter/healthier than other places, so you don't walk away feeling heavy and awful like you should have worn elastic pants. I love seafood, so the goan fish curry was my favorite - but will definitely be back to try the pork vindaloo sandwich which I heard is awesome.
Went here with some friends for lunch (12:30 ish) and the place was packed (obvi). Wait was about 20 min because unlike other counter-assembly-line places (I'm looking at you, Chip) they heat and customize your main fresh. I'd say from line to table about 30 min during rush. Food was awesome. The Biriyani is a hefty portion of yummy saffron rice with a main, a spicy peanut sauce and a Pineapple raita (Sooooooo goood). I think they also put crispy onions on top. It was delicious and inexpensive given the quality. Naan is ~$2 extra with the rice bowl and while it was delicious as well, I would skip it with the rice. It comes free with the "Feast" and that has a lovely sauce that is made to be mopped. Wish they had a condiment station so I could get more of that Riata but thats me being extra.Pro tip: Come @ 1:30 pm...line is basically gone by then
Felt like the portions were all over the place. Food was primarily thick sauce. Felt pretty bad the rest of the day after eating here. I appreciate the concept, but just think they could do better in making this a bit healthier.
Amazing casual Indian food spot. I love the main entrees, the extras, and the drinks!
Overpriced. confusing what you can get with what. i remember needing a palate cleanser after leaving.
Chipotle like set up for Indian food. Lots of good options to choose from. Goan fish is one of my favorites. The food tastes really fresh and authentic. The only reason I gave this place 4 stars is because there is always a long line- which is not a bad thing because the food is delish!
I was visiting NYC for the weekend and went for the lunch here with a friend. It was awesome! They should definitely expand it to Los Angeles.
Being an indian myself, i have the habit of critiquing indian food more than anyone else. And not a lot of indian places are such that i would give a high rating easily. But for its food, indikitch is definitely a 5 on 5.I'll take away 1* for the amount of time it takes to get your order from start to end, in a carry out place. 20-30 minute waiting everytime is not very feasible during office hours. (But the food is still worth the wait)
This is basically Chipotle style Indian food, like previous reviewers have said. You get on line, pick your format (similar to the burrito / bowl / taco choice at Chipotle) and your meat in a relatively limited menu.The real difference is that the "filling" is freshly prepared when you order - no vats of meat already sitting there. When I ordered the tandoori chicken, they scooped up some cubed cooked chicken breast, threw it on the grill, and added spices, onions, and tomatoes. This fresh preparation adds substantial time to the ordering process. Whereas Chipotle can take seconds to fly down the counter, this takes at least a few minutes. This step becomes such a bottleneck that I wonder if they'll change it in the future.Anyway, the food is tasty and cheap for the area. Definitely will be adding to the lunch rotation. I'm not much for spicy and by default it lacks heat, but you can specify adding chilies when you order.
Love it! Indian Chipotle. So fresh and tasty! The chicken is tender, the spices flavorful, good portions. I was able to swap out bread for extra salad. Service is friendly. New face place!
I heard about indikitch from a friend who works in the area and I must say, for a new quick serve restaurant, I was definitely impressed with the quality of food. The food is literally made as they say...fired right in front of your eyes. Like serious flames on that grill. I don't know everything about indian food so I wasn't totally sure how to order at first but they're definitely laying it out as simply as possible. If you're unsure about trying indian food, this is definitely a great gateway for Indian cuisine and a new lunch spot for me.
*THIS PLACE IS NOW CLOSED* I visited this place a month or so ago with my friend and really enjoyed the food.  Everything was delicious, only reason I haven't been back is because it's a little far.  I went to go get some food the other day and was very disappointed to see they are now closed!  I really hope they open up again, maybe somewhere closer on the east side as I think they would get better business.
4 stars for food quality and variety.  Great value for indian food, without compromising on taste.  Wonderful that there are options such as dosas, as well as samosas and bhajis. Gives a mainstream audience greater exposure to indian cuisine at an affordable rate.  I'm definitely going back.  I had the pork vindaloo feast, but the chicken tikka biriyani and a dosa will be next on my agenda.  I do wish there were more meat options.Now for the bad news - the service as everyone has stated is poor.  The workers are hood rats.  They are not friendly.  I've had better customer service at Taco Bell.  One worker, wanna be thug hipster with tattoos, rudely try to correct me, an Indian-American, on my pronunciation of "vindaloo."  The nerve...Not good people.  Good thing they don't work for tips.  I would prefer to see real Indians there or people who have an appreciation for Indian culture, not people who had been fired from McDonald's and Starbucks.
Good concept. Poor execution.From the decor to the menu it's basically Chipotle for Indian food. So much so that Chipotle could probably sue for copyright infringement.That said, because nobody knows Indian food as well as Mexican, EVERYTHING has to be explained to EVERYONE. So it literally takes forever to order- basically rendering the fast-service concept moot. This is SO bad in fact, that I literally left the first time I went because one person in front of me took over 10 minutes just to place her order. And she still wasn't finished when I left! For all I knew, she could've still been there when I returned days later- but lucky for me, I went at an off time and went right to the front of the line. I highly recommend doing this if you still choose to go after reading the rest of my entry.So, now for the food. It's eh at best. The raves of this place are a shocking commentary on how woefully easy to please most people are when it comes to food. The nan was dry. The vindaloo FAR from spicy- and I even asked for the extra spicy version. Sorry, but vindaloo is supposed to be doubly spicy as is. So if you ask for extra spicy it should be like lava. This was like curry flavored water.As for the sides, the rice was over cooked and the cucumber salad was bland.The only thing that was worthy of note was the blood orange lemonade. Far superior to Num Pang's.But in terms of Indian, if you really want to taste something worthy of 5 stars, just head a few blocks Southeast to Tamarind. It's my favorite Indian in the city and it makes this place look like exactly what it is... a gimmick.
The first thing I noticed is the venue. It was huge, industrial looking, and very clean. That certainly fits with the way things work at Indikitch.The staff is stoic, very regimented in their approach. It's almost like they're automatons, focused, efficient. That's nice to keep the line moving, but it makes you intimidated to ask for anything different.The food is good, and it's not really greasy or heavy. It seems pretty healthy, but I prefer to customize my meal.. I ordered the chicken tikka and saffron rice. It was good, but for $11, I can get two of those on the corner of West 23rd and 6th Ave., at the cart. And, he throws in salad on the side.At Indikitch, you can't veer off the menu. For example, if you ask for a different sauce than what it comes with, they charge you 50 cents extra. I wanted mint chutney instead of chili peanut sauce, and they charged me extra. I thought that was weird considering there are so many people with peanut allergies.  The raita has pineapple in it, which was a shock to my palate initially. I asked for top level spicy, and it was pretty spicy. You may need that raita to temper the heat.I think the price point is too high. For $11, I could also go to Lexington Ave. and get a buffet lunch for $8 and a drink.At the height of the lunch hour, I saw one Indian person in there. But, I also didn't check the top floor. For an Indian place to have one Indian person...hmm. I would go again if I had to, but there are so many Indian places in the same half mile radius.
If an Indian restaurant and Chipotle had a child, they would name it Indikitch.I ordered the "Feast" with the Chicken Tikka Masala, along with some veggies and the garlic naan.  The chicken was tender and decently flavored, but the naan didn't taste as fresh.  Portion sizes seemed a bit small.  I left still feeling hungry and I normally don't eat heavy lunches either.  And if you're expecting spicy Indian food, better think again.  I asked for my chicken to be spicy (I thought I would regret it later), but after one taste if felt more like mild.There's some seats on the ground floor and more seating upstairs.  The place is spacious and clean.Other yelpers said they "cook" the meat in front of you.  I think that's a stretch.  The meat is already cooked and sitting on the counter.  All they do is heat it up and serve it to you. For my $10 meal, it's kinda pricey for the quality and quantity of food.  But overall, it was a decent experience.  I may come back again to try the Biryani.
I would have preferred to go with 2.5 stars but decided on 3 lieu of 2. I think the idea is great and there is definitely room for growth. I was unimpressed with the portion size. I ordered the feast assuming that I would sit down for a feast. However, I was left wanting more after paying $10 for my meal. The line service also seemed disorganized as though everyone was new and learning the ropes. One of my favorite things to eat is naan and unfortunately the naan did not make the grade. It tasted as though it had been sitting under the warmer for a long time. I think modifications need to be made so that this can be served fresh. Aside from all this I found the food to be flavorful. I will not be in a rush to go back, I will head to Chipotle for a few more times first, while I keep my fingers crossed that the portion sizes will increase.
The food was pretty good. However, the service was absolutely horrible.Totally unfriendly staff, with the worst attitudes. Not willing to put up with it.We're in nyc, plenty of other options. How bout Moti Mahal Delux? Pricier, but worth not having to deal with the post office type customer service at Indikitch.
This is basically an Indian chipotle. I love it! My favorite thing here are the dosas with chicken tikka filling. So not authentic, but who cares! It's a great lunch spot because you can get your food pretty quick.
Just what I was always dreaming of!...chipotle style food items with indian spices in it, which is delivered fast! The blend of spices is just right with the option of mild, medium, spicy range, and the food options aren't many, which is good in a way. We indians are spoilt by choices for any meal and always expect 10 different side dishes, but its a good thing that there are fewer options, so that one can make a quick decision, eat up and leave belly happy!I am addicted to the gram chai, its gives you a real kick...mint, piping hot tea with a little masala. What better way to keep me awake in my evening lectures. Enjoy this spacious restaurant and watch people go by as you enjoy your meal !
Indian food, Chipotle style (kind of). I came here around 12:30pm on Monday. The line was kind of long, but it went by pretty fast. I noticed by 1pm, the line was pretty much out the door - for good reason!I went with the Chicken Tikka Biryani. This is basically a base of biryani, and the heat up the chicken tikka on the spot and put it on top of the rice. Soooo delicious. Perfectly seasoned and very fragrant. I also got the homemade blood orange lemonade. This is soosososo good as well!
A NYC staple then never disappoints! Love this casual style Indian dining with tons of affordable options. We always go with the feast, where you can choose from a variety of mains, sides, rice, etc. Mine was ordered complete with paneer tikka, saffron rice, classic dal, cucumber kachumbar, and garlic naan. Everything was delicious. They also have pineapple raita as a side, which is a unique must try. Also recently added since the last time I ate here are kati rolls, which we ordered with the paneer tikka filling. Again so tasty and full of spice. I'd definitely recommend having a casual meal at Indikitch and hope they open up more locations outside of NYC!
I would happily return to satiate my next Indian food craving. It is basically a Chipotle or Qdoba for Indian food.Scaled spiciness from 0 chilis for the timid or 3 chilis for the bold. The variety of choices and customization options definitely allows for a meal uniquely your own. Terrible line management means that coming at a peak hour could be a little uncomfortable, but the meal is delicious & nicely priced.
I chose this lunch on mealpal.  They offer the Chicken Tikka Masala with a side of naan, rice, chick peas in a spicy sauce, & red beets.  Very good.  What impressed me the most was they had about 20 meals prepared & sitting on the counter with a sign that read "Mealpal Pick up Here".  I skipped the super long line, flashed the girl behind the counter my mealpal email & was out the door all in under 10 seconds.  I inhaled the dish, literally could not have shoveled it in any faster.  It was so tasty, so many flavors & feels.  The spices came together wonderfully.  Recommend.
Took two hours for delivery way too long will never order again. Food was ok but again not worth the wait when I live ten blocks away
Hey everyone, have you heard that indikitch is considered the Indian version of Chipotle? Because I'm pretty sure I'm the first person to draw that comparison.Anyway, indikitch is cool because... well, because it is like Chipotle. It fills the fast casual Indian food niche without being a buffet. You can order online for delivery or for pickup. I actually had to call them to check if my order was ready though after choosing the "ASAP" option for pickup and not hearing anything back for 20 minutes.I went with the chicken tikka feast, which came with rice, salad and a big chunk of naan. You can customize just about every aspect of the mean. I went with saffron rice, beet salad, and garlic naan at level 1 spicy.And yes, when they say "feast", they mean it. It's a crap ton of food. And delicious. I'm a fan!Oh, and they actually have a decent amount of seating in the shop, including an upstairs area. So if you have the time, it might not be a bad place to sit down.
This place is my dream come true. I love Indian food and I love all "bowl" restaurants. Indikitch is the Chipotle of Indian food.I ordered the "feast" with chicken tikka, saffron rice, chickpea dal, and cucumber kachumbar. I skipped the naan. Everything was really tasty. The chicken tikka was saucy and hot. I liked that they heat up the chicken on an actually pan before serving.The portion is decent for one person. Another scope of protein would be great though.I hope they open more locations around Manhattan.
I start salivating whenever I think about Indikitch. Mainly because they aint playing with their spicy levels so for the spicy-averse please heed their warnings for your own sake. However for masochistic spicy-seekers like myself this place is a godsend to get that jolt on our tastebuds. Great portions and taste for the price especially. If I lived closer I would frequent this place all the time. Lines get super long around lunchtime but move quick.
Food is actually really good but multiple times my custom request regarding an ingredient allergy have been overlooked. This use to be one of my favorite spots but after asking to assure they do not put fresh onion, which I'm found out to be allergic to, in my order they have failed again in following it.  This is the 3rd time I had to pick it out of my food. I even asked the girl that took my order today to make sure and once again...it is there. So sadly I will not risk my life to eat here even though it was a good  go to spot for me. :/
Ordered Indikitch for delivery numerous times while staying in a hotel in the city...it definitely became an addiction! The chicken tikka feast is my go-to, lots of good food and decently priced.  Can't speak for the in-store process, but delivery was super fast and they even package the protein up in a separate container so the sauce doesn't spill over everything else...really nice touch.
A friend of mine brought me here for dinner and boy it was the best decision ever! I ordered their dosa with paneer tikka and it was sooo yummy! Their biryani is also good and you have about 3 vegetarian options in each category! A must visit if you're in that area!
The Chipotle of Indian food.My experience here was great. It was quick and easy to have them make my customized meal. You can take it for the road or sit down in the quiet elevated seating area. Piping hot, the rice and toppings tasted similar to authentic Indian with a slight twist I couldn't pinpoint. It may just be the ambiance and speed of the preparation detracts from what you consider an Indian restaurant setting feels like. I had Biryani with Paneer Tikka and Samosas with Chutney. It was very filling and was unsurprisingly just as much like Chipotle going in as it was departing...
One of the best place to get quick Indian food. They are fast and clean and very reasonable for the area. The taste is much better than alot of Indian restaurant and the food is always fresh.
The most horrible restaurant ever. Horrible customer service. Never come to this place. They suck...
Wow - Indikitch is absolutely worth the hype. I had the paneer lunch with rice, lentils and channa masala (spice level 2). The flavors of every single dish were so well balanced  and absolutely delicious. So impressed with this place!! Can't wait to try more dishes from here
This place pisses me off. The food is great, but two out of three visits have included bad experiences. The dosas are awesome, but don't accidentally run your hand into the cheese grater walls. My pinky was torn up by a very accidental grazing of the wall. (Photo posted). When I approached the staff,l for help or at least a bandaid, I got nothing but shaking heads. My other experience was in an inclement day and I was between meetings so I'd like to have dined in, but they closed there upstairs seating restricting their already relatively small seating area. In this case, I just couldn't stay, so they lost an order. But the food is tasty so maybe if I find my experience improved in the future I'll improve my rating. Thanks
I love the food here.. You have a choice of how spicy  u want ur food to be! And so i can get very spicy food here unlike most places! I wish they had more branches! Keep it up!
I love Indikitch (I am eating it while writing this), but sheeeeesh, something needs to be done about the online ordering system. Please! The Flatiron location is one of my fave lunch go-tos but I'm always waiting on line for half an order to order, so I figured ordering over the website would be more efficient. Website order = easy. Actually getting my food? = well...There's no indication of when your order will actually be prepared, so I assumed a bit of a backup on a 1:04 PM order and arrived around 1:25 PM. First of all -- no one is manning the pickup counter. There are customers idly waiting by it, and occasionally a cashier will glance over and take pity on them, but otherwise there is zero system in place to actually, you know, register that someone's showed up. There was confusion over my method of ordering -- MealPal? DoorDash? No, just online through the website. I gave them my name with the sneaking suspicion that they were just now preparing my order (upon my arrival), and then waited another 15-20 minutes for my food. In the meantime, store staff would infrequently emerge from the back, drop bags off, and leave. No announcement, no customer service, no sense of timing. I finally recognized my bag in a drop pile (all the while new customers would crowd behind, trying to get someone's attention from behind the counter), grabbed it and left. I'd have gotten better, faster service by waiting on the actual line.Indikitch, please clean up your online ordering system. At the very least please provide a rough ETA over email, designate a person whose job it is to actually occasionally address the concerns of the waiting customers, and announce bags as they appear. If every other fast casual lunch place in the Flatiron area can manage it, so can you!
I had never had Indian food before today but WOW it was awesome, I loved it all!  I love that there was vegetarian options and it wasn't too spicy for me. The naan was the best I've ever had! It was a tad expensive and the workers weren't the friendliest but it was an overall good experience!
My favourite goto place for lunch. Never disappoints. This is like chipotle of Indian food. You have option of meal type like biryani, feast, taco or salad. Than you choose your protein and spice level.I usually get feast with chicken tikka or pork vindaloo with classic daal, saffron rice and garlic Naan. Goan fish and paneer tikka are also good.They also have vegan option with mushroom.Also they use fresh pan with each order and cook up right in front of you. And there is no compromise to taste, food tastes as good as you would try in a proper restaurant.5 stars for Indikitch.
Awesome spot.  At first I thought I walked into chipotle but no I saw Tina masala, sag paneer and garlic naan.  You pick the rice, then you make the meat or vegetable choice, add lentils or other yammies.  I was amazed that it was delicious and so fast!  Highly recommend!
Simply loved the food. Most Indian restaurants in New York seem very traditional, serving standard north or south Indian food. With the live kitchen and the option to select my style of food, Indikitch has won my loyalty.For Vegetarian, it is a delight! Paneer Tikka is a must try along with a side of their mini samosas.
I love the concept of Indian fast food, but in practice, I felt like it would've been faster to get food if I had sat down at an Indian restaurant. Nobody seemed to know how to order, and I stood on line for about 15 minutes just to place mine. I ended up getting a feast as it seemed the best overall value. Really, two people could make a meal out of it with an appetizer. Anyway, the feast allows you to choose a salad, a kind of dal, rice, and naan. There are three varieties of each item, four ways to order it (salad, sandwich, biryani, feast), and six choices for mains. I somehow felt like I had too many choices and not enough customization options. The snacks/appetizers are ordered at the opposite end of the counter, so be sure to check those out before you commit to a meal choice. Curries are reheated individually, so at least they're piping hot, but it makes it rather slow for fast food. The employees seemed very tired and stressed. Be forewarned that the chutneys are $.50. I was about to get one of each, but fortunately the cashier warned me. They had Kingfisher, but only the lager variety.  I thought the food was really good on the whole. The yellow lentil dal was delicious, and the cucumber salad tasted really fresh. I thought the paneer tikka had a great flavor, but it must've have a lot of cream in it, because my stomach did not handle it well. With a feast, you get one smallish piece of segmented naan, which was not that great. Still, it was great for fast food. Unfortunately, there are so many Indian restaurants in the area that could deliver you the same thing for less money. I'd probably go back if I was close by and not in a hurry, but I would probably order chaat so it wouldn't take as long.
Nice idea, take Chipotle's concept and turn it from Mexican to Indian.  The food simply wasn't what I liked.  I'm more accustomed to Baluchi's for fast Indian food.
I'm baffled by all the good reviews. I ate here yesterday for lunch and it was the worst Indian food I've ever had in my life. I've had airplane food better than this. I had the pork vindaloo and it tasted like hot salt. The rice tasted like tiny wet sponges. Disgusting. I didn't finish it. I would have complained but the ghetto fabulous teenage staff that was working looked like they barely gave enough of a shit to show up to work in the first place. If I could give it zero stars I would except they have a water dispenser so I was able to fill up my Nalgene at least.
Unique place offering healthy Indian food fast food style - except it tastes much better than fast food.  Pick one meat or protein - eg Goan fish - along with 4 sides.  Add some a la carte snacks, beer or mango lassi.  All for no more than $15.  Would recommend short of a nicer sit down restaurant.
Oh what a refreshing change from the overpriced Indian restaurants in Manhattan. Indikitch is a well thought-out and equally well crafted idea. A Desi Chipotle - with more options on the menu. I hope they stay and they expand!TIP: Instead of ordering the tried-and-tested Mango Lassi, try the Ginger Cane soda here. Sugarcane juice +Ginger ale = Yumm.
Pretty good Indian food and perfect portions. I had the feast with chicken, lentils, brown rice, carrots, and garlic naan, all were great. The line moves fast and they have friendly staff. Great location and worth the price outside of "Curry Hill".
Had Dosa with Paneer, Samosa chat, Mango Lassi and Orange Lemonade. All dishes were very good. Non-vegetarians will also get a good choice. Food portions are average. Conveniently located near PATH and subway stations.  Ambiance is okay. Self service place. This is mainly a snack's place, not suitable for Lunch or Dinner.
Really unique!! Someone has thought through every aspect of this place. Food tastes delicious & the spread is good for both vegi & non-veg. Mango lassi! One of the best I have had till now, a must visit place.
I wasn't sure what to expect from fast food Indian, but everything was delicious.  The spicy saag paneer was indeed very spicy and better than a lot of "slow" restaurants.  Also, I went right before closing and the naan was still really fresh and tasty.  I will be going back!
Hey, you guys are pretty cool. I love Indian and I am completely down with fast-food style Indian... except, you know, it is actually a decent quality. It's not the best Indian I've ever had, the naan is really small (though super delicious), and your choices are a bit limited but for $10-$15 for an entire meal that really fills me up and won't make me regret my decisions at eating so cheaply I'll take it.
Great Indian cuisine, similar to chiptole. The staff was really nice and attentive. Food was very flavorful. For only less than $10.00 it was a great deal. Recommend you guys to give it a try!
What can I say. Delicious, inexpensive and some of the best Indian food in the City. The flavors remind me very much of the curries and balties back home in the midlands, UK. Eating in the middle of NYC is never cheap, but for just a little over $10, you'll get a meal and a tasty and relatively healthy one at that. Very highly recommended.
I'm usually skeptical of South Asian chain restaurants, but this is the real deal. Authentic Indian food you can have any way you want. And it's delicious!
Good Food, Decent Prices, Satisfying portions, and quick.The appetizers are amazing!! Samosa is the best i have ever had outside of India..
They had a sign outside that said free Indian food. Naturally, I went in and had free lunch after i ate my lunch.It was ok. Kind of a like a Chipotle for Indian food. I hated the Mango Lassi, literally, it was free and I threw it in the trash cane after having a sip of it.I would consider coming back. It's pretty reasonably priced.
Enjoyed this food a lot. Had the biriyani with pork vindaloo and all the fixins. Also had a King Fisher. This is the indian chipotle. That said they didn't allow you to mix the meats which I didn't like and the service was mixed. Also a friend thought the rice had been sitting too long.
Great concept ... Quick service + don't have to spend time looking at the menu and deciding ... Great tasteMust try - chicken tikka masala platter
The food was literally heated in front of me. Not a definition of fresh food. I hope they focus more on their food service than how the restaurant looks
This place is very convenient to me as it is near my workplace.  I was  tired of eating Mexican and Chinese food for lunch but yayyy, I found a place in midtown where I can order my favorite Indian food. I have so far tried their samosa chat, chicken tikka lunch combo and chicken biryani. I like biryani the best and they can also make spicy or mild according to our taste.. I would totally recommend for people who like Indian food.
best quick-fix indian joint in New York. The format is like Chipotle - asssmebly line style as they make your food in front of you. The food is given one last tadka in front of you which unlocks all the flavors. do try their BIryani and the Dosa. FYI - the dosa is not crispy. It's more like those slighly thicker dosas (aka 'set dosa').Samosa, onion bhaji, and lassi is good tooTea is not that good (too much milk for indian taste buds)
Nice place with delicious food. Pretty quick service. Location is good as well with madison square park and flatiron building in the vicinity. Have a to go and enjoy in the park or under the sun near flatiron. Too good.
Good lunch spot - food was fresh, easy to order and prices were about average. The main downside was I got a sandwich and it was a little small - I walked away still hungry unfortunately. I'll still go back to try it out again though. Bonus points for the cool soda machine they have that lets you concoct crazy creations.
I went here yesterday with a girlfriend and I really enjoyed it. I had the paneer tikka "feast" with brown rice and "classic" dahl. The taste of everything was great. I asked for "Spicy" and got a very nice level of spice in my paneer tikka. The mango lassi was great, too. The layout of the place was good - plenty of room to maneuver, not cluttered by an over-abundance of tables). The staff were supremely helpful when I asked about their menu, and attentive too - so much so that someone came and collected the trash as my friend and I finished our meal. Definitely going back.
This is a surprisingly decent place that is right by my work, so I will definitely go there again due to the convenience. Clearly I'm not the only one who made the Chipotle connection, but it's pretty obvious. I, too, wish that they'd be a bit less stingy on the things like the salad and lentils, but the portions are adequate as is. As was also mentioned, clearer prices on things like extra sauce aren't adequately mentioned on the menu. Still, this is a nice addition to the rotation.
Had the Chicken Tikka feast. I was blown away.  Portion was big enough to split w/ my gf. Will be stopping by again.
Terrible and disappointing! Selections were limited. We had ordered saag paneer and Goan fish that was cold and bland. I'm not sure why it was given 4 stars. I can only assume that those had judged it so has not been fortunate to try better. My warning is to not go!
used to offer chicken breast  but they switched 'a couple months ago' (according to apologetic employee at counter) to thigh/dark meat. gross....and less healthy!thanks but no thanks. smell ya later unless you decide to quit being cheapskates and start offering white meat as an option again.
Food is spicy and good. I wasn't impressed by service though. For someone who Is not so familiar with the place and indian food, the servers should be more helpful and not rude. When I asked a few questions, the guy at the grill rudely asked if it was my first time there and when I said yes, he walked away. That too when there was no one behind me waiting to order. You've only been around a few months, one store old and you can't even be nice. Even chipotle has far better staff and is more crowded than you.
I'm reluctant to go to Indian fast food joints after a few experiences with uncooked masalas and curries but I decided to take a chance on this joint bard off their reviews and it's well deserving. The chicken Tika was well cooked, saffron rice was well made and the naan was delicious.
The food served is definitely Chipotle style. Great take on Indian food with the levels of spiciness. Plenty of options to choose from while making your selection super simple. Great taste, but definitely a little towards the expensive side.
This place has a chipotle-like feel, and looks hip and trendy. It has a casual environment and a great spot to eat a quick lunch or grab something to go.Since this was my first time here, I wanted to try everything so I got the feast (a combo platter type of deal) with chicken, saffron rice, classic dal, cucumber salad and wheat naan, along with the Mango Lassi. I asked for the one chili pepper spice, but honestly that was not very spicy at all, and to me, the two chili spice would probably be equivalent to the regular spice level at the typical Indian restaurant. The Mango Lassi was great, not too sweet. Though I don't think the feast is as filling as the biryani, which I think is a bigger bang for the buck. Definitely would be coming back though!
Me and my coworker decided to visit Indikitch after work, we enjoyed ourselves last time as it adds a much needed alternative here in Flatiron.However this time we got a total different experience. They added a new dish called a Dosa, 3 soft/slightly crispy shell rice crepe and filled it with chicken, pork cheese etc. I made the mistake of asking one of the servers to explain the dish for us..he acted annoyed and just shouted the dishes we asked him how is a dosa served and he just with a blank stare just repeated the fillings in robotic-like voice. If i wanted to read the menu i could had just read it myself, we told him chicken and he unapologetically pushed the metal trays down the line...To top it off he had his dirtyy dreads out, yuck! Hair net please??The only thing that saves this place from future collapse is their food. It is delicious and the flavors shine through but if they don't get a grip on your service you won't survive in NYC. What ever happened to their warm charming staff?
This place is like Indian chipotle. Had a feast with chicken main with garlic naan. The curry tastes great even though im not a fan of indian food. I'm definitely going to try other food here again. Servers were very friendly and nice. Also had a some kind of lemonade in red which was great and special. Go try it! it has some leaves in it with strong flavor, so if you are not a fan of it, you might not like but for me it was good.
Feels like the Indian food equivalent of Chipotle in style and quality, with more options. You won't be sad, you won't be blown away.
Cool concept, Food taste good too, Rice was alright nothing special. The menu I thought was confusing. I liked the mushroom dish.
I'm always up for trying new restaurants for lunch and this place caught my eye so I decided to give it a try. Yumm delicious the fish feast was tasty and also very fresh! The portion sizes are just right too. Good thing I live in the neighborhood because I will definitely be a repeat guest again :)
Cool concept. Cafeteria style.Menu is little bit complicated, it would be nice if they can streamline it. Biryani rice was flavorful and fluffy. Chicken tikka was just ok. The feast actually is  not really a feast as it's just enough food for a meal, but cannot be judged as a feast. Samosa's and naan's  are not made in the house, bought frozen and then reheated. They have great spot and a great idea but they need to give fresh food if they want to excel with so much of competition in the area.Counter service is without smile  and unhelpful. Reasonable prices.
We ordered catering from here for a company lunch for 35 people and it was fantastic. They were incredibly easy to work (and it was only 24 hour notice) from the ordering to the delivery. Additionally, when they delivered the food, they set everything up and labeled each item and indicated if it was vegan, vegetarian, and dairy free. It was awesome and many people at work commented on how much they loved the experience. Now I order my regular lunch from them all the time.
This is one of my favorite lunches in Flatiron.  The line (while it can be long) at lunch moves quickly.  The pork vindaloo is delicious and the side kachumbar (salad) makes you feel like you're at least getting something healthy.
Love the dosa! I have had it with chicken and with fish. I've also ordered the salad with chicken and a side of onion rings. The dosa, salad and the onion rings are gluten free and all delicious. And the price is very reasonable.
Indian fast casual? Bland. Expensive. Go to a real Indian Restuarant in Murry Hill
Yum! Great for cheap and good take out. Love the chicken Marsala. Feels like the chipotle of Indian food.
Delicious and fast Indian food. I'd like to say that it's like the Indian version of chipotle, but it's better than that. Super yummy but a tad expensive. I'll come back but I can't afford to come back frequently.
Love this place! The food is mind blowing and absolutely flavorful. I come from a city that's famous for its street food in India and let me tell you that Indikitch is right up there with its authentic flavors and ingredients. I had the feast option with Goan fish curry. The curry was pure bliss. The classic dal option was nice too, a simple well made dal. Also tried the tawa sandwich with tandoori chicken and the mint coriander mayo was pretty good. I don't like spicy food so I didn't order any extra spice but I did take a bite out of the 2-spice extra addition and I had sirens blowing in my ears! Way too hot. The regular no spice is perfect for anyone with low tolerance to spice. Oh and the samosa chaat deserves a mention too. The most authentic I've eaten outside of India.
I found this food very salty and it felt like an assembly line... Well it was actually. If you love Chipotle you will probably love it. Both places give me heartburn.
I just discovered Indikitch a few weeks ago and and I really liked it.It is very much like an Indian-food Chipotle - very similar layout.I have gotten the "Feast" option both times, with goan fish once and mushrooms the second time for the main.  I love the sauce on the fish and the level of spice was perfect.My only criticism of what I've eaten there so far is that the naan was burnt on the bottom once and the chapati were very dry.The atmosphere is calm, the place is huge with an upstairs seating area, so there is a lot of echo, and the line kitchen is  open so can see them cooking your main dish.It's best for a quick, filing bite at lunch.
I go here a lot after yoga. I know it's not real, but it's fast, filling and delicious. Love the feast! They'll do it up really spicy if you dare - I love that they don't hold back.
Wish they would cater to vegetarians not just with the selection but with pricing.  However because it taste so good I forgive them.  Get the dosas, they are delicious!
Absolutely loved it. Think chipotle for Indian food and actually good.
I love this place for the authentic food they serve! It's pretty fast too. Love the samosas! They also have a sugarcane drink that is definitely a must try. It's a little tangy and sweet. Goes perfectly with the samosas! .
Overpriced, overcooked, overspiced bastardized Indian food. "The feast" is more like a small lunch portion. Obviously the Indian owners haven't spent much time in India "feasting". The pork was about 30 percent fat, another great way to make higher profit margin. And what is that baby spoon that pours the dal, such a small portion to make sure that the customer doesn't get more than a few grams. Save your money and walk a few blocks over to Lexington and pick just about restaurant or even fast food joint that's been there for more than a few years. I'm going home now to make myself throw up.
Great place for Indian food! Strongly recommend the chicken tikka masala. Dals aren't authentic! But overall good
This is a great place for a quick and tasty meal. Lovers of Indian food will definitely come here for more...
Love this place! The quantity is just right, and the curry is flavorful. I got the chicken tikka-a must have.
I emailed them to see if they would respond in regards to me watching the 'Tandoor Chef" frozen meals being delivered into their restaurant and how they tout 'FRESH' as their ETHOS on their website.., it has been two weeks and still CRICKETS from their end.
My first yelp in years, because it was that good. I've always wanted "fast"-Indian food. But this was great, the food was fresh and authentic. A must try!
It's still very much open, and one of the best fast food options in the city. Terrific for vegetarian. Beer, wine, interesting soda options (cucumber mint is great with the saag). Never had a bad meal here.
I stopped in for lunch on Saturday (not sure why others are reporting this place closed) and found the food to be great. It's a great concept - quick, flavorful indian food on the go. You can order a feast which includes - rice, dal (side dish of sorts), fresh salad and a meat for less than $10. We ordered the basmati rice, chickpeas, cucumber salad with chicken tikki masala. Loved it. Genius concept and hope they expand.
Great food, the quality of the food is also amazing for the money you pay. A full meal for 10 bucks is unheard of in Indian food. The only thing I didnt like was the mango lassi. Everything else was on point! Can't wait till they expand to California. (Please Irvine)
Indikitch totally bummed me out.Yes, the line was long, but that's to be expected for a buzzy new lunch spot in the Flatiron District. But it's the food and atmosphere that really brought me down. The paneer tikka was meh - inoffensive but nothing interesting. Same story with the saffron rice and beet salad: boring. The yellow daal was the best thing on the plate, but anything salty and protein-y enough will do it for me. Garlic naan tasted like it had been sitting forgotten under a heating lamp in a paper sleeve for who knows how long, which, of course, is exactly what it had been doing. And the masala chai was such a disappointment: sweet, yes, but without any of that unctuous caramelized flavor that GOOD chai has, and with a weird fake herby flavor. Too heavy handed - like a child's idea of what chai should be. (Not that children have these ideas, but you know what I mean. (Do you know what I mean?)) Finally, the whole place just glitters with a tidy lack of character, a very shiny impersonal ambiance.Ultimately, I could just come up with no reason for ever eating here again. Not with Tiffin Wallah on 28th (and every other Indian place in Murray Hill) so close, where there are so many more and better options. Not with Dil E Punjab on 9th Ave - a bit of a walk and tough for seating, but damnit if the food isn't better (and cheaper) by many degrees, where you've got to be wary of cardamom pods when sipping your chai, and where you're supporting real people, small business owners, and not an eventual and imminent Chipotle-esque mega-company. (Hi, here's your zillionth Indikitch review with a Chipotle reference.)Here's the thing: Indikitch is going to do SO WELL. There will be Indikitches all over the city and country in no time. The food is JUST decent enough, the place is JUST efficient enough, the atmosphere is JUST sanitized enough. Its success is inevitable.But we can do better than Indikitch, fellow Flatiron lunchers. We really can.
Great Indian food for a good price! Quick service and lots of options to choose from. Definitely recommend!
Just love the casual dining concept and the service is quick. Food was outstanding and i cant wait to come back.
Delicious, fun, well thought out and reasonably well executed.  I'd be happy to go back! Oh and so incredibly priced, naan for under $2! Entire meals for $10! Wish I had one closer to me.
Good, fast, cheap Indian food. The attitude of the servers, however, could use some work. The lady who took our order was the least enthusiastic employee I had ever seen, and mumbled anything she said to me. Then, my girlfriend asked if the coconut sauce had cream in it, and no one knew. I will go back, but I hope they get some more knowledgable and less disinterested servers.
I suspect that Indikitch gets most of its high ratings from the restaurant's convenience. As others have said, it's structured like an Indian Chipotle and allows you to construct a wide variety of combo meals. The food is not bad at all, but it lacks the distinctive punch of authentic Indian food. The naan is also very average.
This place seemed good in theory. I tried a sag paneer sandwich but when I unwrapped it it was super messy and smeared everywhere. It was just on a crappy sub roll with some lettuce that didn't taste good with the paneer. Also pretty expensive. This place is a miss.
Pure genius!!! Convenient, modern, and delicious Indian food! Food was awesome and love the concept. I'm in love and will be here regularly!
It's a warmer and fresher Indian version of chipotles. Just the line is a little long and slow.
This review is or customer service. I called to order a delivery and a guy answer screaming : what do you want? I hung up immediately. Advice: Supervise your employees more.
This is like Chipotle for Indian food and only 100x better! So freaking amazing for a quick bite. The quality of all the ingredients and extra spices really comes through. Expect 30 min to wait in line and get your food during the lunch hour rush.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place. Brand new Indian food restaurant...with a twist. Food is made chipotle style. I had the chicken tikka biryani and the mango lassi. Could not have asked for a better evening meal! Will definitely be returning.
A truly exciting concept and wonderful execution! I hope there are more locations on the way. Tried the chicken tikka "biryani-style" on my first visit and was a little skeptical (I'm Indian). It was bold and flavorful and the 2 sauces they provided were a great addition to either make the dish spicier or milder as per your liking.Definitely going back to try the Goan fish!
Not bad, but not great.  A bit oily, the rice a bit chewy, cilantro coursing through everything (including the naan? Which was also too thin and not tasty fluffy like it should be).  The chipotle style concept is great, but Soho Tiffin Junction does it better (and cheaper).
New place on the block. Very nice space. As others have mentioned the ordering process is a little confusing. I've seen a few comparisons to Chipotle but don't expect the same quickness. The food is cooked when you order so its a lot of small pans being fired for each order. I added ++Heat to my meal (Pork Vindaloo Briyani) and it was not spicy AT ALL. I still enjoyed my meal. It was flavorful and a decent portion for lunch. However, spicy is not something I would call it. The naan was very nice. I would say the only really hold ups there are 1) getting stuck behind people who have to have the ordering system explained. 2) Waiting awkwardly long times for your food to be cooked. In reality its not that long of a wait but I just had to figure out what was happening, foodwise, by listening to the workers explain the steps to a new employee. I will be back again. A nice new addition to the area lunch choices.EDIT: ++ peppers seems spicier now. Co-workers going here daily now. Before 12 or after 2pm are sweet spots for no lines.
I can't believe this place exists!!! I am Indian and am always looking for good Indian places. I am so happy to have discovered this place. The owner is so innovative to use a Chipotle model for Indian food, and very well done too! I expected the food to be a bit bland to customize it to "American" tastes, but it is delicious. I tried a veggie biryani with paneer tikka, it was really tasty. I also liked their samosas and the chutneys they come with, yummy! It is a far cry from the usual Indian food swimming in oil in restaurants. The food tastes good and is healthier and less oily. And I found out that there is another one in my neighborhood as well, can't wait to try it! I highly recommend this place.
A nice Chipotle-like Indian restaurant. Fresh meat with choices of chicken, beef, fish etc. plus a side of veggie and naan bread. You can also do biryani with some small sides. Overall authentic tastes, diverse choices of meat, healthy veggie, white/whole wheat naan bread, mango lassi, soup, and samosa. It's pretty light compared to other Indian restaurants. Perfect for a quick and savory lunch! :)
I like this place. The Chipotle concept applied to Indian food works here. I recommend getting the feast combo because they include the sauces they cook the stuff in, so you can dip your naan bread. The bowls are good, too, but you don't get the sauce unless you ask for it. I usually get the chicken tikka feast with a side a samosas and garlic naan bread. The chutney that they provide is mad tasty. I also like the onion bhaji side. Its like super flavorful onion strings. Finally, the sweet mango lassi is pretty good as well.
Delicious delicious salads! If you want authentic Indian food, this isn't it. But if you want food with an Indian flare to it, this is your place.
The food is great, not too much not too little, and not greasy. I ordered the Feast with Chicken Tikka, classic sauce, the carrot salad, original naan, and one samosa, all of it was spot on delicious. As others may mention, the service is a bit long for lunch, hence the one star deduction. I understand this place is relatively new and with time their service will be faster. It will have to in order to survive in NYC.
Chic. Tasty food. Quick service. Nice to see a Chipotle style Indian restaurant. Choices on the menu are limited but well done.
I came here opening night and WOW great food + cool concept. Basically Indian fast food, made right before your eyes. I had the chicken tikka sandwich, onion bhaji, and mango lassi, all of which were spot on. I had the mild version (but you can ask for spicy or extra spicy).The owners of the restaurant were actually there and greeting customers, which I thought was a nice touch. Definitely coming back.
This place is a curse and a blessing all in one! lol extremely addicting so unless you're willing to turn your eating habit to take out food 4 days a week go give it a try! I was skeptical about trying Indian food around work andddddd was I happy when I finally did! *sigh* with that being said i sampled everything except the soup, and their fish dishes.... I absolutely love the onion fritters, and paneer salads. If I were you I wouldn't finish reading this review I'd be running there to get my food!!!!
Indian food and quick serve just don't mix. It just didn't taste good. The curry tasted like chemicals and the naan literally crumbled in my hands. The servers were friendly and the idea was good but when it came to the actual food it just didn't meet expectations.
The food was halfway decent but the staff was clueless and there was a hair in my naan
The food is good. Not out of this world, but good. The portions are ok. The "Feast" is a regular sized meal. The cost is fine, you'll probably spend 10-12 dollars. Not cheap, but not too bad, to be sure.There's just one little HUMUNGOUS problem: the wait at this place is out of control. I walked in at quarter after 1 (not the peak of lunch hour), and walked out with my food at five to 2. This place is clearly trying to be like a Chipotle for Indian food, yet takes 2, 3, or possibly 4 times as long to get.Completely ridiculous. Normally, a place like this would get 3, maybe 4 stars, and I'd happily go periodically. As it is, I'd have to be dragged back, kicking and screaming.The core of the problem is that every single "main" serving (meat/cheese/whatever) gets put in an individual pan and cooked on the spot. This may sound like a neat idea, but grinds the whole process to a halt. Do it like they do every Indian buffet ever, have warming trays full of the main items ready to go; the business is brisk, nothing's going to sit out very long. That, or double the number of grills you have going, because right now getting food here is unbearable.
I don't understand the infatuation with this place. Spent roughly 10 bucks on some mediocre Briani with chicken tikka extra spicy. Sure I can see how this appeals to non Indians. But to be honest with you you can get a buffet for some higher-quality food for between 12 and $15. And you'll be left hungry. Don't get me wrong the food was filling. But this is really just a production line of some "" fake indian food. I guess it was worth a try for one time, but I will not be trying it again. Perhaps maybe the pork vindaloo is good I don't know.
I heard about this place from a friend so I was very excited to try some new Indian food. I've only had Indian food once before, but the way the menu was set up made it very easy for me to make a decision. I chose the chicken tikka feast, where I had it spicy. There was an option for very spicy as well. I had it with the garlic naan, which was on point. For $9, I definitely got a feast. Another plus is they have vegetarian, vegan, and GF options. I will definitely be coming back for lunch/dinner.
Great food. Quick and painless self service concept. Different touch to Indian cuisine. Recommended to all desis!
It's like Chipotle for Indian food, but with better flavors and quality than other to-go Indian places in town :) Def recommend everyone to try it at least once when you are in the area and if you love Indian flavors. Gave only 4 stars because I noticed the prices were a little too high.
Thank you Indikitch! We decided to stop for dinner during our visit to NYC and were treated to delicious chicken tikka, samosa chaat, naan, and mango lassi by super friendly staff. Seeing I was ordering mild for my kids, the chef noticed and even made a "super mild" version that they LOVED! Thanks again!
It's like an Indian chipotle. Pretty decent food. Spicy actually means spicy
The food is delicious and very reasonably priced, but the service is TERRIBLE. This place just opened and it is disheartening to see such young people so disgruntled and dispassionate after working only a few months!! What is going on with management?? I come here weekly for the paneer biryani but I prefer it without a side of server attitude. Thankfully the gentleman at the end of the line who packs your sauces and gets your naan is consistently cheerful and pleasant. I gave my fourth star for him, otherwise I would have only given three.
My brother told me he'd be taking me to the Chipotle of Indian Food, only better.  He was right.  When we walked in, the line was to the door.  However, it moved very fast.  Servers were very friendly and food was delicious.  What a bargain for $10.00.  I ordered the Pulled Pork Feast, Dal, Carrot Salad & Garlic Naan.  Delicious.  I hope they open in Miami!
Fast food for Indian cuisine.  Near my office so very convenient...every time I have come the service has been very fast and very friendly.  Tasty and a nice quick meal, the feast is the best deal on the menu IMO.
this is the worst indian food in the world. both the saag paneer and paneer tikka tasted like chemicals. way worse than any frozen indian meals.
Very solid lunch option.  Loved that while it certainly had a Chipotle vibe, all of the proteins were fired fresh right in front of you.  Also, the sauces and chutneys were outstanding.  If you work in the area, it's a must!!
besides the food being very good at such a good price, the customer service was phenomenal.  i had ordered ahead for pick up but inadvertently called the uptown place instead of 23rd street.  i only found that out because uptown called me as i wasn't there and "my food was getting cold". so sweet.   when there was no order for me at 23rd street, the manager was so apologetic that he made my order right away, gave me samosa and mango drink on the house.  so sweet, and it turns out it was my fault all along.  really great customer service.
For the price what a great deal. The food is tasty, service is fast, and the patrons and workers are friendly. Definitely visit if you are in the area.
Pretty good for Indian food. I'd probably recommend it to someone who wants to try Indian food because its a bit turned down compared to other Indian cuisine. All in all, its worth a try. However, they are a bit pricey for this type of establishment.
I visited on a Saturday afternoon with my girlfriend. I ordered a "feast" entree with tandoori chicken, and we shared the onion fritters "chaat style." The atmosphere is similar to what you find at a Chipotle or Chop't restaurant. I noticed that the bathrooms are very clean, which is always a sign of good management The food and service were both good, and the prices seemed reasonable. As someone who grew up eating home-cooked Indian food and traveled to India, I would say the food is delicious if not authentic. I will definitely eat here again.
Brilliant fast Indian food! Extremely tasty and made fresh. Get their bowl. Their portion sizes are great and just enough for lunch. Highly recommend it!
Basically a Chipotle for Indian food.  I wasn't expecting much, but it's actually really good, and fast.  I wish there was one down the street.I didn't know what to do with the recycling, though.  The "food only" garbage can was full of every type of garbage, while the "reincarnation" garbage can was empty.The line was very short when we went.
I realize the "Chipotle-style" restaurant is the hip new thing but in a city where fast desi food is relatively easy to find, indikitch comes up a bit short.  The chicken tikka tasty - creamy, spicy, and just a bit sweet. The saffron rice was okay, the carrot salad okay, and the chickpeas were above average.  Admittedly, compared to other restaurants in the Flatiron vicinity, it's a pretty good deal and the food isn't bad. But if you're willing to walk a couple streets over, Curry Hill has better fast food that's much cheaper. Given that the rice, salad, and naan are already made, the only thing fresh is the main and it seems like it's mainly getting reheated. If that's the case, the best comparison are any of the cafeteria-style places, Lahore Kabob or Curry Express, which are great.  On its own, indikitch isn't that bad. It's just in a spot where its peers are a lot better.
Loved it! Chicken biriyani was on point, and not too oily, salty, etc.  I'll definitely have to try the other meal options, but overall it's a large quantity of food for lunch, so you get your money's worth.  They only have two grills, so you spend more time waiting in line than you'd like, but the quality definitely shows.  Plenty of seating as well.  I just hope Indikitch is able to maintain its high standards and doesn't head downhill!
Pros: quality food, fresh made, lots of options, friendly employees and owner, nice seating area, price is fair considering food quality and portionsImprovement areas: speed of service during lunchOverall, fantastic. Will definitely be back.
One of the best places in NY to have a quick bite. I love the chipotle model around which they have built this place. It is a much needed alternative for Indian food. The food is amazing and the people are nice and welcoming. The dishes variety that put together is very interesting because everything from the snacks to drinks are all Indian.
I pass this place on my way to work everyday and was amped to see that's finally open. I decided to check it out on my lunch break and was not disappointed!  The place had a cool chilled out feel and wasn't too crowded. The some awesome food about $10 with a drink! I tried the pulled pork vindaloo sandwich, which was spicy but totally tasty. Great size, tons of flavor, and seriously affordable. I think I've found my new go to spot for lunch around my office. They're still getting in to the swing of things but this place is going to be huge!
Five stars for taste of food and service!! The food tastes as close to what I would get in India ( except the nan. It was a little chewy rather than soft since it was pre made- still good though) !!!!The staff is super friendly. They are happy to give you samples of anything, before you decide what you want. The concept is similar to a chipotle and so are the restaurant interiors.
Picture an Indian Chipotle but with so many more flavors to choose from.  I work in the area and happy to see it finally opened!  I ordered the pork feast and I can't believe how good it was!  I could easily eat here 3X a week, especially since the price is totally reasonable for the area ($9).
Was so excited when I walked into work this morning and saw that Indikitch was finally open!  Seemed like the perfect go-to on this snowy day given that Indian food is one of my favorites and that the entrance is about 15 feet from my office.  I was sadly disappointed.  The flavors are extremely bland and "americanized" The only flavors I could pull out were cardamom and peanut (really... peanut...) Now, I realize that this is "fast Indian" but I've had some pretty good fast indian before, and this is just not it.  Bland, expensive ($12 for a rice bowl and naan!), and unimpressive.
I got a chicken tikka biryani bowl, and it was phenomenal. I grew up in India, and I've been pining for a slice of home. I think I found it at Indikitch. The tastes and flavor are so authentic, and the biryani feels like an actual biryani with the right amount of spice.
The food was just a notch above "frozen dinner entree." It was extremely salty and even the "spicy" wasn't a lot of flavor.
Place is lit, $8 and it gets you more than full. Came right at 10 pm closing time, and they were kind enough to keep it open not just for us, but even for 2-3 more people behind us!
The food I thought was ok.  I wanted to get the feast, but I saw that they give you only a little bit of rice. So, instead I got the Biryani with 1 chili and chicken.  Everything had a lot of great flavors, but I thought it tasted a little powdery or starchy? The Samosa I thought were delicious.  I really like the crust and all the flavors I thought were nicely blend.  They definitely need stronger more durable plates.  I had my food to go and the hot foot soaked the plate.  Imagining in the summer time.
I love indikitch. I ate there three times on a recent trip to NYC and will be back every time I'm in NYC. I had the feast with Chicken Tikka - the sauce has a little less cream than I'm used to and I much prefer that. I had the classic dal the first day and liked it so much I didn't have any other. The salad options left me a little cold. I don't really care for carrots and hate cucumbers, so beet salad it was. It was one of the best preparation of beets I've had, but I'm not a huge beet fan, either. The staff are helpful and friendly and the atmosphere was pretty low key and quiet. This is where the Chipotle comparison doesn't hold up, it is MUCH quieter than a Chipotle. You can actually hear and be heard when ordering and can carry on a dinner conversation with your "18 inch voice."
Easiest choice of the day is going here for lunch, quality indian food in the "chipotle" model. With a wider offering than most other competitors in their market, there lies great potential in this flatiron gem.For lunch the feast never disappoints though the biryani and the sandwich are always tempting
Went at about 9pm last night, no line so I don't have the problems the other yelpers talked about during rush hour. I thought the service was good as well but I agree that the options are a little confusing for everyone. I think you need to order once to get it but its really worth it because the food is very good. Its a great alternative to the overly greasy 'authentic' indian places nearby.
The host described it as the Indian chipotle; well you'd be better off at the real chipotle or at a real Indian place... Yes you do get naan, salad, rice and some protein, but... for $10, you get very little protein and mostly soup, it is way over spiced - loaded with hot pepper and nothing else- (and I love spicy Mexican and Indian food). The best thing here is the coke machine with 100 soda flavors...Not giving out one start just because it's nice and clean, but my date said there was no toilet paper...
This is essentially the Chipotle of Indian food. If you're not entirely familiar with Indian dishes (like myself), the first order can be somewhat confusing. But the staff was friendly in explaining my options. The line moved fast, the "Feast" dish was delicious, and they even have the cool Freestyle soda machines that give you hundreds of soft drink options. It took my group a short while to discover this, but there are large tables upstairs, which are great for when you're visiting with a larger party. Lastly, the total food cost generally stays under $9, which is quite good in this part of town. This price includes naan bread as well.
I don't want to leave a raving review for fear of tipping people off about this gem, especially considering the lines are already out the door during lunch. I came here with a co-worker who spent the last year in India  and the food got her stamp of approval. I got the fish and it was incredible-highly recommend for pescatarians!
It was the first time I was here today. I came with my friend while it was pouring and we weren't that hungry so we shared a dish together. The serving sizes weren't as big as I thought. If u compare it to chipotle, chipotle portions are bigger. When I finish eating one of the workers was passing by us and offered to throw out the garbage for us which was really kind of him
Really flavorful food. We had the chicken biryani and paneer tikka feast. Both great especially the biryani. We got hot sauce on the side but didn't add it as we didnt want to change any of the flavor. Portions are quite good and you feel quite full by the end of the meal.
First time there today and ordered the Feast with Chicken Tikka and Garlic Naan. It was perfect, season was great not spicy at all. The Onion Bhaji Fritters with coriander and tamarind chutney was delicious as well. I look forward to my next visit.
So good! I had chicken tikka feast with cucumber salad, brown rice, classic dal and garlic nan. Everything was terrific! The food feels a lot fresher than other "fast/pre-made food" places. Definitely has a chipotle feel. The lines can get really long. These guys need to expand fast! Watch out when you order spicy/extra spicy. It was quite hot already at spicy (even for an Indian guy). The basic level is pretty decent for almost everyone.
The best indian food I have had in NJ/NY... Had a complete meal and it was total worth...
Pretty much as advertised, indikitch appears to be striving to become the Indian version of Chipotle. And my co-workers and I found the food to  be perfectly acceptable. But the long lines are a little slow, which detracts from the value proposition of the restaurant (at least, for me), particularly when there are so many tastier options around.
Like everyone else is saying, it reminds me of Indian Chipotle. It's reasonably priced and very clean. The manager and the staff were so nice! The food is great and the portions are generous. I will definitely be back.
It's like an Indian Subway or Chipotle. SO GOOD!! If you like chai tea, you must try the Chai Garam. A teeeenie bit expensive but it's a lot of food that you could probably share with a friend.
With so many delicious lunch options in this area, I still never fail to eat here 3 times a week.. (I'm eating it right now as I write this) It is that good. Chicken tikka on anything is heavenly. Recently I've noticed a middle age white female employee (not sure if she's the manager) who is the most pleasant and cheery food service professional I've ever met in the past 27 years of my life. She gives me faith in the NYC food industry. Kudos to you, lady!
Excellent food in every aspect. I love the ambience also. Just sitting there and having lunch at this place is so refreshing and filling.
I was in  Manhattan last week to have lunch with a friends they wanted something new so I toke them over to Indikitch  and I was luck to see Autumn again. I wanted her to give my friends a idea of something to try out since they never been there before. Once again she give them a few good menu items to try out. One of my friend are a salad lover and the other one is vegan. So She told her about the salad bowl with Pork And my other friend had a feast meal  With white rice, chick peas beets side salad and I had A pork rice bowl Again.  We sit upstairs. It was good again just was a little different From my first time. I can't really but my finger on it but when I do I will let you guys know. Thx again Autumn me and my friends luv the food.
Really under impressed with this place. The concept is cool but the execution of the actual food is really weak.
Excellent. Highly recommend this place. We had the feast. Paneer tikka, saffron rice, yellow lentil, cucumber, wheat naan. Loved everything. Will be back to try the other options. I am sure it will be good.
Came in for an early supper. Foodies actually very good overall for $10 or so. Not only does the main dish comes with salad and rice, it comes with additional rice. Even though it's fast food, it's a great warm/hot food. The chicken Tikka and Pulled pork Vindaloo was great.
As an Anglo-Goan, I have long been spoilt by my family's home cooking. So you can imagine my distress at arriving in America and finding I had to fork over at least $30 in order to find a half decent curry. Fortunately, Indikitch has sorted this one out. For around $10 you can get a full meal, that whilst it looks small, turned out it is bloody filling. I have been twice, and the line has moved quickly both times although it wasn't a rush time. That being said, nice spicy (not the hottest) vindaloo and quality naan is pretty hard to come by in this city. Frankly, to make food taste good and be very hot takes time and that is not what indikitch is about.If you want quick, affordable Indian that doesn't sacrifice like the East Village places (I'm looking at you 1st Avenue) then this is the place to go!
I was super excited to see this place, on my way to the Time-Warner Customer Assistance Center because, while I HATE TWC, I love Indian food & think it's high time there's a South Asian alternative to Chipotle. While the food quality is on par with or maybe slightly above Chipotle, the customer service leaves much to be desired. Upon approaching the register, rather than being greeted, I stood there TWO cashiers watch a manager count out another customers change, begging the question "How many Indikitch cashiers DOES it take to count a customer's change?" In fact, the mathematically-deficient trio were so engrossed in their task, they were oblivious to the fact that the customer had long since walked away--I had not even seen him/her on my approach to the register, so s/he must  not have been there for a while. When finally my customerly presence was acknowledged, I was told I was at the wrong end if there assembly line. When I made it back the the register, a family of five had queued up behind me, obviously to place an order--apparently, a common occurrence. Rather than advising them to proceed to the other end of counter, my cashier leisurely finished attending to me and left the family to stand there waiting, when their order could have been being taken at the other end. While ordering a drink, I asked if the Found sparkling water was sweetened & told that it wasn't when, in fact, it is. Hopefully, they'll learn from the mistake of their new neighbours & serve up customer service & a side of product knowledge w/ every plate of tikka masala.
Indian chipotle.  Good, fast, and affordable.  Lot of food, and I couldnt finish it all.  There can be a long line during lunch time, but it's worth it
Great chipotle style Indian food!! Amazing Biryani and Tawa sandwiches. Can be quite spicy so watch out on the spice level.
the food may have been good but all i could taste was cilantro. gross. absolutely everything comes loaded with those vile little leaves. and with no warning! who would think that rice, beets, naan, and mushrooms should all be defiled in such a way? the diet dr. pepper was the only tasty thing i had for lunch at idikitch.
I love this place but I am so upset they got rid of their sandwich option - it was my favorite meal from here and what made them unique! I wish they would bring that back.
Have been here twice now and still no bathroom disasters! So that's always a plus. Food is just okay in my opinion. Not great. Def not worth standing in line for. My biryani plus mango lassi was 13 bucks. A little steep but hey its Manhattan and this is the life I chose.
Better than Chipoltle!!   Same fast efficient set up and service as Chipoltle and as the Chinese, west coast fast food place, Panda Express. Better because before adding your protein to your dish, Indikitch  quickly re-heats your protein selection in a skillet along with chillies if you request extra heat.  Delicious!  Please open in Canton , Ohio, near the mall... and then go all out with a public stock offering in order to expand.  Also , better because there are a few more choices and the food looks and smells amazing, just as soon as you walk in the place.  It tastes wonderful. I had chicken tikki on romaine . Could have had it over rice.  Friend had cheese stuff.
Great make over from traditional Indian cuisine to Americanized indian fast food. Menu has Optimal options to choose from. Fast service. Onion pakoda chaat combination is great. Fire salad is an healthy option which is must try.
I went today, and it was very good. The food is fine, the prices are OK and the staff was helpfull and nice.
Food was very tasty but I kept eating it the rest of the day--if you catch my drift. I felt pretty bad. The good thing about Chipotle is that it's healthy and you feel good after eating it. Here that's not the case.
I had the chance to try Indikitch over the weekend and was really impressed with the flavors of this quick serve Indian restaurant. I tried the Goan fish on a salad and my husband had the pork biriyani. Both were tasty but mine was better!  Looking forward to going again!
Incredible concept of Indian fast food. The Paneer Tikka was excellent as was the mushroom masala, very authentic flavor. The yellow lentil dal had a great flavor and the Mulligatawny soup had perfect texture with the right amount of coconut, bonus that you can get it vegetarian if you'd like. The owner is very, very hospitable (coming from a southerner, that says a lot). Best of all, your meal is less than 10 dollars and includes rice, dal, an Indian salad, naan and your main course!!
strong delivery, consistent & good value...as someone else said, the Chipotle of Indian food + they deliver
I have been there twice now and have felt sick after eating the food. I love great Indian food and frequently eat Indian cuisine so I know the difference between good and bad Indian food. This is just terrible. The curry in the chicken tika lacks the proper spices and flavors, the naan is consistently stale, the samosas are dried out, and the basmati rice is cold. Also, I always feel terrible after eating the food. They need to work on the quality of food to have me back as a customer.
Chipotle stye indian food. I surprisingly liked it, only had a biryani though.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while and it was pretty good! I had the "feast" with brown rice, yellow lentils, pulled pork vindaloo, cucumber salad, and garlic naan. We also ordered the onion bhaji chaat style. The food was all really fresh, flavorful and spicy, and pretty reasonably priced. I would definitely recommend this spot for a casual lunch. But if you're looking for some amazing authentic Indian food, this is not the place to satisfy that craving.
Mediocre food and surly, dismissive service. What more could you want? This was my first time patronizing Indikitch. We ordered online to avoid waiting in line. I learned when I arrived that they encourage this with prominent signage: "Order online to save time." But in our case, it wasn't true. After waiting longer than we would have if we'd just walked in, my polite complaint was rebuffed with a dismissive wave of the hand and an unintelligible grunt. I won't be back.
I went with a coworker on Friday during lunch time to this place. I agree with the Chipotle like comparison other people have on here. The food was good, and I especially loved the nann. The lunch line is super long though. It's worth the wait if you are able to make full use of your lunch hour. However, if you are looking for a quick bite you make want come come towards the beginning or end of the lunch rush. While I like the fact that they essentially cook your food to order for the most part as you can customize the amount of spice you want, I wish they had a quick lane. If they had a pre-cooked line or option and could add your main to a bowl quickly it would help the line situation a bit. The food goes so quickly afterall so it would still be fresh and warm in my opinion. Even if this option was just for the lunch rush that would be nice. That being said, I will be checking it out again soon.
went today April 3,2014 and it was awesome! love the food so yummy its worth the wait, it's about a 20 min wait . YUMMY for my tummy! :)
Long lines, slow service...this place is modeled after chipotle but not as efficient for sure.
food was amazing. they're an indian chipotle x 10. forget all the other competitors, this place is the real deal for fast and tasty southern (?) indian food.
My first meal at Indikitch was okay.  The byriani and classic dal were good.  Same for the wheat nan. But the saag paneer had way too many onions.
This place deserves to succeed ! wonderful concept, kept simple, fresh food - good range, very tasty, perfectly reasonable wait times and a very satisfying experience all round with great value.
Think Chipotle for Indian food in a nice spice with good execution. The prices are reasonable and the quality of the food is high. The sides are interesting and worth a try as well. Regardless of your dietary restrictions (vegetarian, vegan, slow carb, etc), they have an easy to order option which will meet your needs. I have gone twice and will definitely go back for more.
i'll definitely be back after my chicken tikka salad, but i will not order the salad again.  it's piping hot delicious chicken tikka on romaine lettuce - it's just nothing to write home about and i hate wilted lettuce.  i wish you got to add one of the salad sides to the salad to give you some bite options - like the beets or carrots.  also - the naan chips nearly cracked my tooth.  they were rock hard and i could barely break them let alone chew and swallow them.  so they were a bust but the chicken was great and i will be back to try it in a feast dish.  i was the only person there at 2pm today but it still did take a while.  i also feel like there were ten people behind the counter and no one really knew what they were doing.  there's one dude just for the naan chips.  not totally necessary.  but whatever, it was good so i'll stop complaining.
What a great place! I've been to other Indian places for lunch and they don't even compare.  The food here was fresh and tasty. I had the Paneer Tikka Feast  which was very filling, along with ginger sugar cane juice that made a nice complement to my meal.  My partner had the Saag Paneer Sandwich that she devoured quickly.  We love Indian food and this is what Indian food should be.  Well done Indikitch! We look forward to coming there more often.
This is like Chipotle for indian food. Things I liked:1) I found that the food was very tasty. 2) I loved that there is a good choice - dosa, naan, biryani or kati rolls.I  have 3 complaints:1) Food is too greasy. They should have an option to make is low-fat / low butter/oil.2) Quantity is too less for around $12 (compared to chipotle)3) Naan is not made fresh.
Absolutely loved this place. Basically an Indian version of chipotle. Not the most authentic Indian food but it's super quick and super cheap! I highly recommend adding an order of samosas (you get three with a single order). You get in and follow these lines on the floor to the register. You pick how you'll get your entree and then go on down the line. They have different meat options and veggie options. You get rice, a veggie side, and I also had chickpeas. The entrees also come with naan where you have the option of plain, while wheat, and garlic. They even pre-cut the naan so it's easy to tear off into dipp-able pieces. Great little place!
very innovative concept, Mexican style take-away, for Indian food.The food tastes authentic, flavourful.You can customize to make your food hot/spicy, and the hot ones are actually hot!
The feast is good meal for one. Veg biryani was okayish. Kati rolls with all stuffings was really good. Anyone can try this.
If you want a quick Indian-style meal, this place is decent.It's a Chipotle style setup, except they cook the meat to order to a spice level you specify.  This got me even more excited.  I ordered the chicken feast which came with rice and two other side options; I selected chickpeas and some kind of cucumber salad.  It also came with a choice of na'an; I ordered their garlic one.  The na'an was easily the best part of the meal; it was soft, warm, and oh so garlicky.  I asked for maximum spice on my chicken and they certainly didn't fail to deliver there: it was burn my mouth off hot which I definitely appreciated.  What I wasn't crazy about, however, was the overall flavor of the chicken; it just seemed not very authentic and not the most traditional Indian flavor.  It wasn't bad, just nothing about it wowed me.  It's across the street from the condo where I stay when visiting NYC, so I'll be back when I'm hungry and lazy, but there are better options in the Flatiron area.
Our non-profit, The TEAK Fellowship, reached out to Indikitch regarding a food donation for our college bootcamp for high school seniors. The staff was incredibly helpful and kind and provided us with a delicious, fresh lunch for 25 students. We could not have been happier with the experience. Donna was so supportive and eager to work with us! My colleagues and I all enjoy lunch here regularly. The service is always fast and the food is always very tasty. Thank you so much Indikitch!! Our students all loved their lunch today.
I think there are many things that work for Indikitch and some that don't. When you walk in, a major highlight of this place is how clean it is. Some Indian restaurants are not the cleanest, and that was one thing I really appreciated. I also think that they've bridged the concept of fast food and good food well.Something I'm not the biggest fan of is that while the food tastes good, it doesn't really taste authentic, so I can't call it "Indian food". It has a pretty monochrome taste which needs a little bit more spices to make it taste authentic. I think instead of doing that, they just make each level spicier, hoping that will cover this.Regardless, the options are plenty, and the food has been consistent, so I've enjoyed that. I also really liked the chai I got here, as it was better than the chai you get at Starbucks or Argo Tea
My favorite place in NY. Loved the environment & food. We visited on snow day. Not only staff was friendly n upbeat, they went out of way to make it special!
Never disappoints - freshly made, clean and amazingly tasty. A wonderful spin on Indian food. Highly recommended
Food is ok, but is hampered by it's quality of service especially from online orders. Will not be ordering from this restaurant any time soon purely on the service.
Such a cool concept for Indian cuisine. I love the idea of making your own plate.I tried the chicken tikka - extra spicy (and they weren't kidding around). With chickpeas, rice, salad and naan. By no means is this authentic, but still really good.
Oh, so this is the place everyone refers to as Indian Chipotle. I'm on board with the 'fast casual' trend. I'm a busy man, and with Indikitch I can get far, far too much food for $8-$11 very quickly, and then offend anyone within a 20 foot radius with my garlic breath all afternoon. As I always do at places like this, I panicked when it was my turn to order. (What if I order wrong?!) I'm trying to stop being a gluttonous mess, so I immediately eliminated the 'Feast' and went with the chicken biriyani. Unfortunately, I then saw that the biriyani is somehow more calories than the Feast. This is wrong (fix it, Indikitch). I should've gotten the Feast. Always get the Feast.That said, the chicken biriyani was quite tasty...especially for food I walked out with five minutes after I walked in. Fresh, well seasoned, and accompanied by several sauces (including some pineapple yogurt thing) that I have no complaints about.Sure, it's not the best choice when you have to talk to a lot of people, or function properly in the afternoon, but if you have any semblance of will power and can only eat half at a time? Indikitch is solid.
We had two of the feasts, own chicken & one pulled pork. You have the choice of mild or medium spicy. For the feast, you get 3 choices.. I had cucumber salad, saffron rice, and chickpea curry? You also get a naan bread with the order. I had an elderflower seltzer drink, very different and I enjoyed it very mucho. The customer service here is amazing. Everyone is so friendly and courteous. The cashier with all the tattoos is pretty good looking. I'd come back everyday if I were nearby! This place is super clean, and the bathroom is also super clean. They have a second floor as well so plenty of seating. Can't wait to stop by the neighborhood again!
The food was alright but the spice was too extreme. the mild spice killed me never had mild spice so hot in my life.
My girlfriend and I got delivery last night, via Amazon PrimeNow. Well the delivery was fast!Now to go over the pros & cons of the food. We are vegetarians, and really like Indian food, we like very hot & spicy and have been to India over ten times, so also like authentic. (Not really available in Manhattan).We ordered the Saag Paneer Feast, with Classic Dal, and Cucumber, the Paneer Tikka Feast with Chickpeas, and Carrot salad. These were both ordered at "Super Duper Spice Level". We also ordered the Onion Bhaji Chaat. This was served with rice and we ordered Plain Naan, Garlic Naan, and Whole Wheat Naan. The first impressions are that it is less than a "feast", it was still filling, though. But not nearly enough rice, there were like a few tablespoons of rice for each of us, which was really sad, so order an extra side or two of rice always. The chaat was eaten first, and was a big disappointment, there were not nearly enough chaat ingredients, fresh onions and the like in a ratio to Fried Onions. Again, only a couple of tablespoons of what makes a chaat a chaat. The Onion fritters left a lot to be desired in any case, not quite as good as French's Crispy Fried Onions. The chaat "sauce" though was great, the best ever, but with the quantity of Onions included, there should have been more "sauce". The salads were small and good.Moving on, the highlight of the meal was that both entrees were actually hot and really correctly spiced, at "Super Duper Spice Level". I would like the owners of all the other Indian restaurants in Manhattan, to sample the Super Duper Spice level, to see how hot food should be, and what correct Indian food should taste like. This was also done without the stupid trick of throwing more Jalapenos at the food. Unfortunately, the sad thing about both entrees and the Dal is that they were way too rich. This is 2016 not 1916 - we don't have to prove how rich we are by eating oil & ghee. Because of this over richness, it is unlikely I will be able to order from here again in the future. The Plain Naan and the Whole Wheat were edible, a little bit heavy, agh... there we go again with the oil. The Garlic Naan was not good at all, maybe it was undercooked. The Naan were basically a fail and very small. So that is a definite problem.If you are underweight and looking to gain, this food will help you get there. I personally hate rich food, especially rich Indian food. Probably an extra 500-700 calories of oil in each entree.Without the richness, this would have earned 4 Stars, even with the only so-so Naan and bad Onion Fritters. Great Free Delivery from the Amazon PrimeNow app.
This place is my jaaaam. I looove Iindian food, but I'm never in the mood to go to a restaurant to pick some up, mostly because it's usually a sit down place, and I'm not too familiar with the names. Indikitch offers a short menu with a wide variety of protein to choose from and it's nowhere near intimidating as a full on restaurant.The goan biryani is my go-to and enough food for two meals (or one big one I'm not judging). As soon as you walk in, you're hit by the delicious swirl of different indian spices and goodness. It does make me cough a bit, probably cause the spices are so fine that it gets stuck in your throat. The food here is always consistent and the servers are kind and patient. I definitely recommend the samosas which are so crunchy and soft. It comes with all the yummy sauces on the side, my favorite is the green and bbq-y one for the samosas. For the biryani, I also like the green sauce. The line does tend to get long but moves quick. You can also order for pick-up online! I think someone mentioned it before me, but this place is more authentic Indian food than Chipotle is Mexican food. If you're in the area I definitely recommend checking this place out!
Good quick serve style Indian joint. Went with kids and grandma. It was easy to order and efficient to get food, the process for getting a table was wait and sit. Spice was a bit lacking but not a deal breaker. Id settle for a quick lunch here. I would not expect traditional Indian but would say familiar flavor
Legit Indian food and so good. I went to IndiKitch with my stepfather who formerly lived in Mumbai India for 5 years. He stated that all of it tasted authentic. I wouldn't of known the difference. All I know is that I like Indian Food and this was really good Indian Food. Would love to go back one day.
This place is great! Definitely an Indian style Chipotle but so much better and more seating. They need to open more locations especially near NYU. There is definitely something for everyone on the menu for every diet- vegan, paleo, gluten free, etc. Everything looks absolutely amazing. I went with a chicken tikka salad with the most perfect chicken to salad ratio as you can see in my pic. They usually put a yogurt dressing for the salads but I am glad that you can opt out of it cause I am allergic to dairy. I hope they will come up with dairy free dressing but it was OK cause it was infused with delicious spices like coriander and coconut. Portions were very generous and for the 1st time I had to ask my friend to help me finish it. I felt like my server and I had trouble communicating cause I couldn't hear him over the sizzles and steams. But it's ok cause he made up for it by giving me a free mango lassi at the end even though I told him I was allergic to dairy lol but I don't think he knew that or maybe he was trying to play a joke on me. Who knows. I usually write short reviews for places that are awesome so you should definitely try this place out and see for yourself :)
Indian version of chipotle - decent consistent quality, tasty food. Notes on the 23rd street indikitch - nice, friendly guy manning the till, and an absolutely horrible one taking orders! Instead of asking what I wanted he just stared at me angrily, then barked "MAIN" at me - which I didn't understand as I had never been in there before - "WHAT MAIN COURSE" then proceeded to slop food into my bowl and basically throw it back to me. If you're having a bad day or just hate your life, leave the customer out of it or perhaps don't work in the service industry.
Indikitch for me borders on a 3.5 rating - the 1st time I stopped here during lunch hours on a weekday & it was packed. The line was out of control - so I ran away. Last week, went back around 9 pm on a Friday night for a quick dinner and things were much better. Managed to snag a table as well.I opted for the feast - paneer tikka, saffron rice, garlic naan and mixed lentils with a cucumber salad. It sounds like a LOT -- it's NOT! The naan is on the smaller side and they literally give you 3 spoons of rice & 2 spoons of dal. The main (paneer tikka) was a good sized quantity though. You can opt for the mild or the spicy sauce for the main and the guy at the counter suggested I go for the 'spicy' as the "mild is really mild". I guess my Indian genes give me away as a super spicy eater =) Well, I'm not and the spicy was super duper spicy - they really bring on the red chili powder, so recommend sticking to the mild - it's probably on the medium side. I did enjoy most of my meal - even though I got heartburn afterwards ;) The lentils especially were really flavorsome. The main is made-to-order and the paneer was soft and fresh. I might not order the sides next time round, but just do the main with either naan or rice - will be more satiating. Also got the orange lemonade ($3.50) and it was a perfect accompaniment - tangy and sweet, but not too sweet. The total bill came to about $15 with taxes - so not exactly very cheap, as this spot is a stone's throw away from Curry Hill, which has a zillion other options.
Love this place! I pass all the time on my way to and from work and I always stop in. I thought it was finally time to do a review. The staff is wonderful, very accommodating and always have smiles of their faces. They're also very helpful for times when you're not too sure what you want. The space is large and although it's more of a to-go restaurant there is seating for about 15-20. I usually stop in for kati rolls (2 for $10.75 after tax). My favorite is, of course, the chicken tikka kati roll (I've tried mild and spicy and usually prefer spicy). I also really like the fish and mushroom kadai kati rolls. Check out the mango lassi and chai garam- very tasty and authentic. I haven't tried a lot of the sides because I usually just get my rolls and go but I think one of these days I'll expand from my go-to's and try other things. It's hard to sometimes when my usuals are so darn good! 5 stars for a wonderful staff and even better food and drinks!
I ordered from UberEats. Food arrived packed very well and was piping hot. I got the Chicken Tikka feast and it was very good. An absolute TON of food for the price. The garlic naan was super duper garlicky so I would avoid that if you need to be within 20 feet of another human for a few hours. Only downside was the food was a bit over oily and kinda heavy. I like my Indian food to be a little lighter. Overall it was great and I would order again.
The Indian Chipotle!!Stopped by this place debating between "the feast" or the "the biryani". Ordered the biryani because I wanted to go light for lunch.Ordered the mushroom topping, they cook the sauce or warm up the sauce and then pour it on top of the biryani.I love that this place is so close to the park, so you could take it out to eat while do some people watching.As I was ready to devour my biryani with the beautiful flatiron building view, my biryani ended up to be a mix up and had chicken in it.I called back to let them know and they were more than happy to replace my order and also gave me a free drink on the house!I dont know what the drink was, some kind of pink passionfruit lemonade but it was delicious!! Free drink and delicious quick indian food? Loving this place!
I went to this place after having bookmarked it for months.. It is a quick fast food type place with kind of limited options on the menu... The best thing about this place is the taste of the food..Amazing taste ... Great kathi rolls..
The Chipotle of Indian food they call it - I would agree, given the price point and the amount of food you get.With the Chicken Tikka (platter version), you get to choose a naan, a vegetable side, a rice - all of which are perfectly seasoned.Delivery is a huge plus.Will definitely order again.
I first tried Indikitch about a year ago. I've really never eaten Inidan food, but now I'm a fan although I'm not sure how authentic this Indian food really is. It seems a bit Americanized, but delicious nonetheless.The line here is usually at or out the door, but it moves relatively quickly. My go-to is the chicken feast with chickpeas and the cucumber salad (~$10). You can also add spiciness to it, but it gets real hot! Overall it's a very tasty, filling meal for a good price right near the iconic Flatiron Building.
As a longtime fan of fast casual and a huge lover of Indian cuisine, my eyes were seeing hearts not long after the opening of Indikitch. It's been on the ground for close to 2 years now and things haven't slowed down much: the lunch lines are fierce and even during dinner hours the place can be packed on any given night.It seems so natural to pair Indian food with this format, partly because a lot of Indian spots are already serving it as such (think Curry In A Hurry yelp.com/biz/curry-in-a-…) and because the demand is already there. Indian Chipotle much? In this scenario, absolutely.For roughly the price of a general Indian buffet in Curry Hill ($9-12) one can score a feast (plate with daal, rice, salad and a main), biriyani bowl (main + biriyani flavor + veg), live fire salad (salad + main), and dosa (rice/lentil crepe with main). The dosas, while pretty to look at, are easily the messiest to eat. Salads are the healthy choice and the biriyani bowls remind me a bit of burrito bowls a la Chipotle. I've stuck wtih the feast plate for variety alone and also because it's one of the quickest meals to assemble. One can get your fill of the mains (I personally like the chicken tikka over the pulled pork vindaloo) and veggie friends can get their fill over paneer tikka, sag paneer, and mushroom kadai.Would I rather indiktich over an actual Indian restaurant? It wasn't really meant to replace the real thing, but truth is probably how much of a hurry I'm in or how lazy I am.
This is essentially Indian-style Chipotle. I ordered a salad with marinated mushrooms and grated carrots, and it was very good! Filling / good portion size / fairly healthy. The only thing is that it doesn't really give you that many options for toppings, which was surprising to me. I got to pick was my protein (mushrooms), one side (carrots), and my sauce. I wasn't given other choice for toppings or sauces, which was slightly disappointing.
I've been excited to try Indikitch ever since I randomly stumbled upon their menu in my office's front desk. After having checked out their menu and website, I came to the conclusion that they're basically Chipotle for Indian food...this sounds pretty fantastic...in theory.Out front they have a sign that bills them as having delicious food for under $10...welp, I wandered in and decided to finally try it out for myself.So meals here are generally pretty customizable. Like their Mexican cousin Chipotle, you join a line of hungry people and then proceed to choose a meat, how you'd like it fashioned into a meal, extras, choose a drink, etc._______________________________________Their meal options are:Biryani - Saffron Rice Bowl with your choice of Main, drizzled with a Raita yogurt & peanut-pepper dressing.Dosa - Rice & Lentil Crêpe made of fermented batter filled with your choice of Main served over crisp romaine & coriander mayo with coconut chutney.Live Fire Salads - your choice of Main fired with Tawa Masala spices and pickled onions, served over crisp romaine, coriander pesto and naan chips.Or you can order a "Feast "- which comes with two sides from their side menu:+  Rice+  Basmati Rice (Brown or Saffron).+  Side Salad+  Carrot, Beet, Cucumber.+  Dal (Classic Dal, Chick Peas (Veg), +  Yellow Lentil.+  Naan (Original, Wheat or Garlic).Their meat/main options are as follows:+  Chicken Tikka - Marinated in Tandoori Spices, then roasted.+  Pulled Pork Vindaloo - Slow roasted for 6 hours in a tangy, fiery sauce.+  Goan Fish - Add $1. Roasted in banana leaf with coconut curry.+  Paneer Tikka - Fresh cheese marinated in Tandoori spices.+  Mushroom Kadai - Grilled with ginger & herbs in tomato coconut sauce.+  Saag Paneer - Spinach & fresh cheese in a ginger-spiced sauce.Their extras menu includes: +  Samosas - Crispy pastries filled with potatoes, peas and spices with coriander & tamarind chutney.+  Onion Bhaji - Onion fritters battered in spiced chickpea flour with coriander & tamarind chutney.+  Chaat Style - Upgrade your Samosa or Onion Bhaji with chick peas, cool mint, tangy tamarind chutneys, yogurt and spices.+  Mulligatawny Soup - A tangy lentil soup made with coconut milk and tamarind.+  Naan Bread - Your choice of Original, Wheat, or Garlic.+  Grilled Pineapple Raita - Yogurt side prepared with grilled pineapple, roasted cumin, cilantro and jalapeños._______________________________________I ordered their Chicken Tikka, Biryani style with white saffron rice and no extras. Came out to $10 and change. Lol. Their sign was false advertising considering that what I went with wasn't even the most expensive meal option on the menu. Not a big deal, but incorrect street signs and advertising lies in general are a pet peeve of mine.For almost $11 I was disappointed by the amount of food. $9 in Chipotle gets you basically a burrito that can serve as 2 meals. Their plates are wide but without depth and the rice to chicken ratio was not good at all. Thank goodness that this meal comes with a sauce on the side - actually 2 - their Grilled Pineapple Raita and a sauce similar to tikka masala sauce. The raita was strange, it tasted very sweet and made my chicken taste as if I had sprayed body splash from Bath & Body Works on it (lol - I made this remark to my coworker who I was eating with and specifically said to her that it was going in my Yelp Review.In all, I was torn between 3 and 4 Yelp stars - but I have to go with 3. Food portions need to be evaluated given what they are charging and their proximity to superior Indian food a short walk away (Curry Hill, duh), their Chicken Tikka should be saucier when served on a bed of rice and  the meat:rice ratio needs to be improved upon. At least service was friendly, quick and the food itself was tasty - although the rice was dry and its texture was overcooked...That's NA'ANsense. Yeah, 3 stars it is.
I like the concept, food and food options. The reason I took away a starbis because of a couple reasons. I really enjoyed my husband's meal more than I did mine so feast is what i would next tume around. I got dosa with paneer tikka which was good and came with coconut chutney. The chicken tikka masala and makhni daal that came with the feast were amazingly tasty. We chose two chilis as our spice level and damn that curry was hoof spiceeey!! I had to get mango lassi to calm my tongue. The naan we got with the feast was tiny and I found the place to be a little expensive.
Easy place to grab Indian fusion food to go. Always busy at lunch hours with long moving que but serveice is fast. Curry options are great with veg, chicken & fish options. Limited seating available.
An Indian "Chipotle-like" place, this place is beyond amazing and I have gone back several times. Avoid during weekday lunch, since this location is in a prime hotspot in the middle of the Flatiron district (took me about 20 minutes to get through the line). Regardless, it's been worth it. I always get the chicken tikka with the salad since I feel healthier and can actually finish the whole thing. In addition, they give you the choice of 2 out of 3 special side salads (like beets, carrots, etc). I don't think Indian food gets healthier than this option.It's worth every penny, and I'll definitely keep coming back.
Wao great service!! The manager recognized me after several months without coming, that's what I call "attention to customers".I also mentioned to them that they should change their carton boxes with plastic boxes and they did it. I literally never experienced that with a restaurant, it feels great to go there and I feel welcomed!Thank you guys!
I had heard great things so I went to Indikitch for lunch last week.  It is like Chipotle for Indian food.  You can pick a protein, sandwich vs. salad vs. rice vs. feast (sides, rice + naan).  The line was crazy long and didn't move that quickly, which was not ideal for the lunch time rush.  I ordered the chicken feast.  The food was delicious, but heavy and spicy (imho) for a lunchtime meal.  The staff was friendly and took time to explain the different options and ingredients.  In the Feast, you get a lot of food for a good price.  I will be back.
My go to place! I can eat here everyday. It's the chipotle for Indian food. Just be warned that the line can be long lunch time. It does move along, so my advice is to order ahead and pick up or come around 2:30/3.They have a few options to choose from but my preference ( if you are a first timer ) go for the feast! You get rice, naan, vege, lentils and protein. I opt out for lentils for dietary reasons and substitute for double vege which they will do at no additional costs. It is a full hearty meal, you can't go wrong. I love the spinach and cheese! The samosa is delicious too and I would get just that opposed to the samosa (3 pieces with all the sauces) personally the best sauce is the mint sauce. If you like a bit spicy they get the MILD, their very spices is Asian style very spices and can be too much so you do t get to enjoy the flavors.
This is a pretty cool concept of Indian-style Chipotle. I have been on a hunt for trying new Indian restaurants, so I have been wanting to try this place out when I found out about it.I went on a Monday evening and it was a lot emptier than its usual lunch time. I was able to ask for some recommendation and I was able to sample some before picking one. If I came during lunch time, I would not be able to talk to someone and sample it beforehand.I went with the Feast style with basmatic rice, classic dal (beans), cucumber kachumbar (veggies), and garlic naan. I was able to try the chicken tikka, goan fish, and saag paneer. Out of all three dishes, I liked the saag paneer and goan fish. The chicken tikka was sort of spicy and I usually prefer this dish at Indian restaurants, but I guess it is just the fast food style Next time I hope to try the biryani style. This is a definitely quick and fast kind of meal if I do not have time to sit at a restaurant.
eat lunch here almost every day.  I go with my friend who has studied in India and she thinks it's quite authentic although not completely.  It tastes great though!  I prefer the Spinach Paneer Kati Roll.  Very very filling. there is no Barfi--just ice cream sticks which was weird, I thought.  But they tasted quite good too.
Great spot for lunch - it's basically Indian Chipotle. You pick the style (biryani, salad, etc) and your main entree. I like that they cook each entree individually. They have good gluten free and vegetarian options as well. I also will usually get a mango lassi and the samosas or onion strings. The price is very reasonable too - $10-$15 . The place does get crowded during weekday lunch but I've always been able to find seating, and the park is right outside anyway!
Chipotle style Indian food. Quick, easy, lots of food for a reasonable price and pretty good. Staff isn't always the friendliest but maybe that's the nature of assembly line food places. I still go here when walking by and I want a quick cheap meal.
Indikitch is an Indian version of Chipotle with a more diverse menu and more delicious food. I had the "Feast" with curried chicken, classic dal, pickled carrots and garlic naan. For fast-casual food, they were pretty darn close to the genuine homemade Indian food that I've had with my friends' families. If you are looking for good, filling food with limited time to spare, Indikitch is your place.
This place is very similar to chipotle in terms of set up! the menu has many options but I suggest the biryani with tandoori paneer( so so good) which is vegetarian. This bowel it self looks like chipotles burrito bowel. I suggest the strawberry lemonade too! Cheers and enjoy
Their chicken tikka dosa is amazing. I also enjoy the chicken tikka biryani.And the samosas are just as good as any.And! the price is on point.
what a walk..oh man i was hangryyy walking in the door. but ready to buy everything. indikitch is a trek and i gotta make it worth it. chicken biryani, medium and a goan fish curry, spicy, with beets chole biryani garlic naan. and yeah an extra wheat naan. k thnxs. oh and samosas. yes yes, give me those hot and tamarind sauces. and a ginger ale? whoops haha, it was like 30 bucks. the ladies putting into two sets of utensils and im thinking im gonna eat all this. for days. crack it open the chicken and its incredible delicious. i had craved the flavors and fragarance of indian food for dayzzz. of course, served with yogurt, and oh what peanut sauce. what a treat! the samosas are small but incredibly brown, like me :) trying not too eat too fast because you know, i have to remember to breathe. indian food brings out a ravenous eating in me. my friend susan once said, "shibi ive never seen you eat so intensely before."hahahah. but its just that good. indian people are like walking in with their trader joes grocery, because you just cant make this shit at home and thats the sign of a truly great indian spot. yesss. mmm. i feel great. and i havent even opened my favorite goan curry yet. nommmmmmmm. which was spicy, but not unbearable. definitely not for most people though. the fish was soft and flaky, the curry was red and popping with unique flavors. granted, it isnt like some of the goan curry iv had, but it damn near did the trick. esp with the sides it was too much fattening for one sitting. gasp.
Had heard a lot about this place so dragged 4 of my closest friends visiting from out of town/country to try it out albeit of the rains. We had the kati rolls (paneer and chicken). A couple of things, firstly their medium spicy is really spicy and secondly, if you are giving 2 rolls, atleast give the option to mix and match or charge for 1 and just give that. It was alright to be honest. I have had better kati rolls. Not sure if i'll be going back. The chai was very ok too.
I just watched them throw away an entire rice bowl because they aren't allowed to serve half white rice and half saffron rice. It was already served, rather than make the exception, they just wasted perfectly good food. Wasteful!
HOLY JESUS I literally don't understand. I just came back from India and have not been able to find any Indian food in NYC that compares. The food was AMAZING! The staff was SO FRIENDLY! I am obsessed it is amazing please go
One of the best places for a quick lunch. It is definitely my go to place.The Biryani with Paneer Tikka is the best I have had in the city.You can choose the level of spice you want,which makes it perfect for your taste buds.The feast is really filling and healthy as well.
We sometimes have cravings for something uniquely spiced, like Indian food. I usually order Mushroom kadai and always happy with it.
The selling point is - Indian fast food. It is best suited for busy denizens of NYC or tourists who are on the go and are looking for a quick bite. Having said that, the spread of the menu is impressive. There is something for everyone (veggie/non-veg/fish/rice/roti, etc). The unique feature I found at this place is choice of spice levels which was unseen in Indian restaurants. The portion size is good enough for 2 meals so make sure you have room for more or to-go possibilities. Most definitely - value for money.
Great food. Lines may be longer, depending the day and time you visit. Worth waiting though. Not many people try the rolls. Give it a try. This is one of my favs. They make it very well!
Good place to have fast Indian style lunch. Options are available for different tastes. I would highly recommend to add naan with green souse and Indian tea to your lunch.
If you're looking for traditional Indian food on the go, you've hit the jackpot. All the food is well spiced, and when I say spice, they're not playing around with all the heat the food brings. I had the pulled pork feast, yes FEAST. The portions are great with a good selection of sides from your saffron rice to chick peas and lentil. The pulled pork practically melts in your mouth and the amount of heat kicks you right in the face, but you just want to keep adding fuel to the fire because it just hurts so good. You can see the amount of spice they put into the sauce from the green chilies which enriches the pork with so much flavor, it really brings together a nice blend of spicy and tangy. I had sides of saffron rice, cucumber, and chick peas. The cucumbers provided a great refreshment from all the heat of the meal. Despite the calming of the cucumbers, be prepared for everything on your plate to be spicy, because c'mon, this is an Indian restaurant! Next comes my favorite part of the dish, the garlic naan; nothing more needs to be said after garlic naan. The bread is warmed nicely before served and brings a great garlicky flavor when eaten with the pork. I would suggest getting a side of samosas to complete the experience. The only thing I regret is not sitting on the first floor where I have the convenience of pouring addition cups of water.
Solid place, especially if you're looking for something reasonably priced, large, and fast! I had the brown rice, chickpeas, chicken, and carrots! I also ordered samosas and mango lassi with a friend. All were super good except maybe the carrots (but maybe that's because vegetables just aren't sad exciting)
Look no further if you've ever hoped and dreamed for an Indian version of Chipotle. Your prayers have been answered in the form of a little chain called indikitch. Just as good, just as filling, I have been hooked to this place ever since one of my friends introduced me to it a few months ago.I went with the Feast and got a generous helping of Paneer Tikka, Brown Rice, Chickpeas + Classic Lentils. The cheese itself was not only flavorful and seasoned perfectly, but the sauce too was just as delicious. Trust me when I say that it was as good as the Paneer Tikka at any Indian restaurant. The sides were pretty great as well. I loved them all, as evidenced by my completely empty plate, but my favorite was definitely the side of Garlic Naan which I devoured completely. No sauce left behind, am I right?I also ordered the Samosa Chaat, which came with 3 huge samosas covered with chickpeas, yogurt, tamarind, coriander chutney, tomatoes, onions, chickpea noodles, spices and cilantro. And probably a bunch of other Indian deliciousness. In short, it was amazing. I would definitely recommend it if you are a fatass like me and a Feast is not enough food for you.
Initially we were skeptical to try this place as it look like chipotle as many people pointed, but the food was great. We order kathi roll, biryani and samosa. The kathi roll were delicious, we again order the second plate. The price was fine for the quality and quantity of the food. We will visit again. Interior is chic.
Love this place! My sister and I go there and it reminds us of home. The meals are highly customizable with Indian Beer and Lassi!
What's not to like abt an Indian chipotle?? It comes complete with the same long lines, and is a little harder to conceptialize your order since Indian food isn't as common as Mexican burritos. But, the food is delicious. I got the mushroom feast with garlic naan. you choose your main, choose your style, choose your rice, and your naan. YUM
Tried this restaurant with my girl friends. And it was amazing! The restaurant serves Indian food with a twist. It's inspired by chipotle and isn't a fancy sit down place. More of a quick bite kind of vibe but this is a quick bite you can't get enough of. I got the dosa with the paneer and it was absolutely delish. You will not regret going to this place. I cant  wait till my next visit to Indikitch. Also they have more than one location in the city. So def try them out :)
Words cannot adequately express my love for Indikitch. As a Goan who lives on seafood, the Goan fish curry spice level 3 with the biryani is my go-to order and hits the spot every time I'm craving home food. It's a bit pricey at $10 for a rice bowl but the masala is so worth it! Friendly servers and clean space if you want to eat in.
Ordered through UberEats so this review is on the food rather than the establishment. Ordered the Goan Fish Kati Rolls which were fantastic! And the vegetable biryani, also excellent! Both of these were portions enough to share amongst two people and not feel hungry later. I recommend trying the blood orange lemonade too from here as it's something you don't find often and it's very tasty!
I love Indian  food and finding indikitch was a great find. It's basically the chipotle to Indian food. Has the same concept of you choose your rice and meats and etc. it has lots of flavor and it's quick. If you're looking for good and not so expensive Indian food indikitch is the place to go.
Never heard of this place?  Think of Indikitch as an Indian Chipotle.  Good, fresh food, served quickly in a bright, airy space, with rock music playing.  I came here tonight and ordered the Feast.  It is a platter-type option that seems to be very popular.  It comes with rice, a choice of meat, a dal, salad, and naan.  For some reason, I did not think that was enough, so I ordered samosas.  What you get doesn't look like much, but it is a lot and you get your moneys worth.  I got the chicken tikka, the basmati rice, classic dal, carrot salad, and garlic naan.  I am no expert on Indian food, however it was served up quickly and it seemed pretty good to me.  The samosas were very good and came with their own sauces - I have no idea what they were - one was green and one was brown.If you are a big Indian food fan, I highly recommend checking this place out and letting me know what you think.
This place is incredible! The service is extremely friendly & fast, and the food is top notch every time.
Highly recommend. Food here is amazing!So much so that I'm thinking about coming all the way from Brooklyn just to have lunch there.
The Indian Chipotle.Seriously, this place's business model is a copy and paste job from Chipotle. Is that a bad thing? Of course not!I had probably the most mild food that this place serves, and it was still too hot for my particular palette. Despite that, the food is well made and the service is good. Great casual fast food dining with a twist.
5 stars and my Work Wife agrees -- I wined and dined her here after leaving the office, though we actually opted for blood orange lemonades instead of wine. We both chose the Feast option, including completely customizable choices for rice, a main protein, dal, cold salad and naan. Initially I thought it might be too much food, but my better half reassured me that I could muster up the strength for the full experience and my tummy did not regret it. My chicken tikka (mild) was delicious and incredibly well-seasoned, especially for a Chipotle-esque joint. Ditto for the original dal, which gets bonus points for its not-too-mushy texture. Both paired well with the saffron rice and the cucumber salad side option was refreshing AF. My vegetarian dining companion opted for the saag paneer which was also worthy of 5 stars and looked great. Considering affordability (my filling meal plus the fancy delicious lemonade was $14 and change), uniqueness and execution of the products (both A+), efficiency and helpfulness of staff (both extremely speedy and accommodating for us first-timers) and overall cool vibe/branding/graphics (these things impress me), there's no way to give indikitch a less than stellar review. I'll be returning to the Flatiron location to try the biryani, dosa, and salad options and am eager to visit the Columbus Circle restaurant as well.
What a disappointment. My food - a "spicy" pork biryani - was bland and off-putting. This is the worst "Indian" food I have ever had. It is clearly built on a Chipoltle model of choosing a type of meal and adding what you want, but it doesn't work.
I've only been here once while strolling around Madison Square Park and stumbled upon here for a snack. I tried the Samosa Chaat and was very pleased with it. I have heard tons of great things about this place and definitely want to go back for a proper meal so I can give a more thorough review. So far, so good!
I am so glad that I tried this place, seriously I am in love with this place. Though the idea is same , Chipotle style serving of food but putting delicious Indian(North Indian) food with that makes it a superb one.I have tried quite a few things here during my last visits. My favorite is the feast bowl with saffron rice, pulled pork vindaloo curry, black dal, beet salad and garlic naan.  Loved the feast portions everything was delicious , also they ask whether one wants it mild or spicy. Just be careful the spicy is actually spicy , I was holding a tissue to wipe off my running nose due to the heat.First off there are not a whole lot of indian restaurants which make pork dishes. These guys make pork curry which is great and it is fucking delicious. Don't forget to get small samosa portions which comes with tamarind and green chutney.The samosas are small size but are very fresh and tastes great. Have also tried the mango lassi , the best thing is that I like the fact that it is not super sweet and has few calories in it. Food is really value for money , a feast for under $11 bucks comes with a very good sized portions. FYI - Arrive early as this place gets very busy during lunch hours.
Chipotle meets Indian food; the holy grail of deliciousness! Not only is it fast and convenient it is amazing too! I stumbled upon this when in Chelsea, and couldn't have been happier! If I lived in the area, I would be here all of the time!
Approximately 1000 mg of sodium per bite but so worth it. I think Indikitch could take over Chipotle (especially now). Such a great deal for less than$10. Great portion size, lots of variety in entree and side dish, plus the food I just GOOD. If you're iffy about Indian food--which you shouldn't be, it's amazing--start off easy with the chicken. You can also control how spicy you want it. I love the carrot side which is super flavorful as well as sweet and tangy. Best lunch spot on 23rd And the long line is proof.
Chipotle gets a South Asian makeover.If you're looking for fast Indian food with an American twist, Indikitch is your place. I guess fast is only true if the line is short. Because they heat almost every entree to order, the lunch line can take a good 20-25 minutes to clear (order ahead!).The most common bowl choices are the biryani and the feast, although you can also get salad or chaat. During my first visit, I was feeling vegetarian and went with the saag paneer feast. The line was pretty short and my bowl came out fairly quickly.For the price, I thought it could've been a little more food. Chipotle always leaves me stuffed, but Indikitch left me yearning for a little more. The food itself was also just okay. I would never go to Indikitch if I had time for a sit down restaurant. Don't get me wrong, it'll definitely fill that Indian craving of yours, but for some reason, something was off and the flavors weren't as satisfying as a few of my coworkers hyped it up to be. Presentation was a plus. The cute little flag label, while obviously serving utility, also made my feast more picturesque. Either way, I'm glad I tried it and I'll be back if I'm ever craving Indian and don't have time for a buffet.
Ive been a loyal customer since Indikitch opened and used to love this plAce because it provided a decent fix for your Indian food craving in this area. However, with the recent 20% price hike and continuing decline in entree size (the protein is now 75% the volume it used to be), i can not in good conscience recommend this place anymore. Especially not with Pondicherry just opened about four blocks north, with a mix larger selection and a better bang for your buck (comparing the price by volume of the Indikitch Feast to what you can get at Pondicherry). I'm so disappointed.
Absolutely love this place! Cons: always a line out the doorPros: hot food, watch them make it(similar to Chipotle), qualityI highly recommend this to anyone that loves Indian food.
Came for Mealpal. The meal wasn't ready and I had to wait in line for more than half an hour. There were no apologies or excuses. So bad.
I planned to stop by for dinner after walking 30 streets. Indikich offers amazing indian food at amazing prices. Excellent wuality and fantastic ingredient choices. I am a fan of authentic preparations and hybrid innovations typically do not attract me. Indikich changed my perception of indian food hybridization. The salads are absolutely divine. Whole whea naan option// delicious goan fish!!!! What a sumptuous meal. I highly highly recommend this place. Stop by and taste the joy!!
Indikitch stands out in the crowd of fast casual places in the area. Their pork has been consistently great every time and I appreciate the volume, nutrition and taste of food. I really should come more. Lunch order: mild pork feast, beets, normal dal, saffron rice, garlic naan. ~$11
This is a very interesting concept. Indian food in chipotle style with decent options. This is definitely a fast food type of place than a sit down which I like and prefer. Not your typical "indian" place where you get authentic food but its perfect for those light casual lunches. A must try if you're looking for a different lunch alternative.
After trying out the other location in midtown, decided on checking this Chelsea location out for comparisons.  The food and menu options are the same and this time I had the mushroom kadai with saffron rice, yellow lentil dal and beet salad (kachumbar) with wheat naan.  The beer selection was just as good so I choose Taj Mahal, not my favorite but wanted to try something else aside from majaraja.  The food was plentiful and yummy, this is definitely my new go to place when craving quick indian food.
Staff was friendly. Assisted my friend & I on which meals are and gave us great info. Food was pretty good. Not big on Indian food but it was pretty good.
It's so far my favorite Indian fast food ever. Food is amazing, spicy on point for my personal taste (so if you look for not too spicy options you find here - otherwise you can find very spicy ones here also) and the line always go as fast as we expect it to be.
3.5 stars. Lunchtime in Manhattan, can you imagine the lines? Here at indikitch, I don't mind so much. It smells good and there's time to decide what I want, sorta...the line moves quickly. You have been warned. I ended up going with the pork vindaloo biryani, spicy. Not spicy at all, slightly disappointed there! They take your order, scoop that rice onto the plate and stick the little flag in it to make sure you get the right stuff. You watch them as they toss your "main" in a fiery hot pan. They place it on top of the rice piping hot, are you hungry yet? It looked and tasted good, fresh and flavorful (not spicy enough though)! Probably a little more than halfway through my lunch, itis was settling in. The yogurt sauce had pineapple in it so I wasn't really feeling it. Peanut sauce was pretty good though. Overall, enjoyed the food here and it's a great option for lunch or dinner. I will be back to try other menu items!
Chipotle style format but with Indian food.Chicken tikka was very tasty even compared to many Indian restaurants.Garlic naan was very soft and I only wish it were bigger.Samosa chat was a very good size for the price and also delicious.The mango lassi was on point, some tart which I like.Everything tasted very fresh and I would definitely visit again.  I'm usually big on authenticity, going where Indians eat Indian food, but this place is undeniably good!
Great Indian food!!Was looking for a place close to work.. Staff very friendly, clean, tasty!!.. Totally recommend :)
Stumbled upon this place and recognized it as the Chipotle of Indian food so I had to give it a try. Got the biryani with chicken tikka. The rice was really good and flavorful with all the spices, but the chicken tikka did not taste anything like chicken tikka.. I mean it wasn't terrible, but I wasn't sure what I was eating. I'd come back to give these guys another try since the concept is awesome and I really am rooting for these guys to do well!
Used to be great now is terrible:  I have been going to this indikitch since they opened and for some time it was extremely good.  the manager was also always very nice (the blonde woman). I have not seen her in a while now. for the last 6 months to a year, every time I go food has gotten worse. The chicken Tika instead of being white chicken meat like it was with an adequate amount of meat, is now a couple pieces of dark mystery meat. The salads do not taste fresh and the naan has been hard and cold last 4 visits. They may be adding MSG because I don't feel great after eating the meal recently. I am not going back. Too bad because it is a great concept and used to be very good.
Fast-casual Indian--what a genius idea! And it works so well. I ordered the Pulled Pork vindaloo feast with a side of the classic, saffron rice, and garlic naan. Ordered it with two chilis, so that it packed heat but not overwhelmingly so. Pork was tender and quite spicy. For about $10 (excluding tax and tip), you get rice, a main protein, a side of lentils/beans/chickpeas, veggie salad (as a palate cleanser) and naan. Pretty sweet deal if you ask me! I also tried some of the chicken tikka, which was creamy and flavorful. Hit the spot completely! Shout out to the garlic naan especially, which was crisp and adequately garlicky. I'll definitely be back, and hope to try the saag paneer or chicken tikka. Now, just waiting on fast-casual Korean BBQ, and my life will be complete.
There's not too much I can say that hasn't already been said, but I will say I love the option of being able to get chicken tikka on top of a salad! A lot of times, as much as I love Indian food, I'll pass if I'm not feeling a big heavy meal (I can't control myself with naan, poori and rice, I admit it). Indikitch gives me the opportunity to have Indian for lunch and not feel so full that I can't move for the rest of the day.  To me the chicken tikka, while I asked for not spicy seemed to set my mouth on fire, but I think that's due to my own taste buds changing.  The samosas were incredible as were the chips.  It's a great place to have a quick lunch or bring the kids.  Seating is on the smaller side, so may need to get it to go.
Excellent Indian fast-casual food. Unique selection of dishes, good portion size, and consistent quality.
5-Stars (in the class of fast-food).First, I love Indian food and have been waiting for a "quick serve" brand to take off. While Indikitch only has 2 shops in NYC right now, they seem to be doing everything right.Food: Following the Chipotle model, you choose your "style" followed by available "mains" and "sides". It is simple, straightforward, and there are endless combinations. I tried the "Feast" with Sag Paneer + Basmati Rice, Classic Dal, Beet Kachumbar & Garlic Naan. It is under $10. Very tasty. Decor: Funky, modern, clean. The user's experience of movement through the line is well designed. These guys have learned from others in the space.ETC: Fantastic website, delivery options, and I just signed up for the newsletter. Can't wait to see where this company will head next. We need a serious contender to Chipotle's throne.
Very expensive. Curries are VERY heavy with tons of cream and butter, not authentic. Skip the raita, unlike most indian places they charge extra and it's disgusting, they water it down and (accidentally?) add pineapple to it! Why would an indian place even stock pineapple?They don't offer mango pickle, which should tell you about how authentic this place is.
Came here the other night because Eataly was pack and I was starving.Got the rice dish with chana masala as a side and chicken tikka masala. My kids loved the chickpeas to the chana masala and the naan that comes with the meal. Actually had to get another naan for the kids thats how much they loved the bread. The chicken tikka masala was still salty...i just dont get it. When i ordered medium spicy chicken tikka masala, it came salty......i didnt bother to have it changed for the line was too long at this point.  We had ordered samosa chaat. The chaat was great, but need more green chutney..so i went to ask for more, they charge you for a small container. It's not my fault that the one whose making it didn't put an adequate amount.Overall had a better experience. It could be better. UI'll try it again if I'm starving within the area.
Build-your-own curry bowl!I ordered the Feast, which includes a Main with 4 sides: Naan, Rice, Dal and Salad. Definitely worth the price.For the Main, I had Chicken Tikka. It was very tasty! A little too spicy for my taste though. Had it with garlic naan. The garlic naan is really good! Highly recommend.Also ordered a side of samosas. Samosas are also spicy, but full of flavour.Would love to return. It is also conveniently located right next door to Eataly. So after the meal, I just head next door and got a Nutella Crepe for dessert :)
This is right down the road from my office and saw it on my way in. I went right at the heart of lunch time and the line was extremely long however very efficient. It was worth the wait! the chicken tikka was on point. I asked for the spiciest level not thinking it would be, but they delivered. The food is plentiful with your naan, daal, salad and your main dish. I went back the next day to get it one notch less spicy and it was perfect! Great concept and great food. Will definitely visit again.
Had the Biryani bowl with chicken tikka masala and it was delicious! On the other hand, the ginger cane juice I got was kinda gross. Like majorly gross. I threw it out before I even finished 1/4 of it because it was just WAY too cloy for my tastes. The ginger taste turned me off (and I normally am okay with ginger).
I'm always a fan of fast casual restaurants like indikitch, and so when I found out that I would be able to experience fast casual x indian, I was all over it.indikitch did not disappoint. It's basically Indian style Chipotle. There are a variety of bases + proteins + toppings you can choose from to customize to fit your taste preference or dietary restrictions.I did SALAD + CHICKEN TIKKA and my sister got the SALAD + PANEER SAAG and both were delicious. Packed with flavors, great portion sizes, etc. The ambiance is not amazing or anything (would like for it to be cleaner/more upscale looking) but for fast Indian food that doesn't feel too heavy or unhealthy, this place definitely hits the spot.
The Indian Chipotle. It's one my gf's have to stop by after being away places in the city. Plenty of seats available and staff is quick and efficient. Big plate of tasty and drink all for under 15. Wouldn't surprise me if this becomes the next big restaurant chain
I heard about this place shortly after it opened and I finally was able to try it. I must say I was not disappointed. Same model as Chipotle and it's works even better that the meat is basically prepared to order (they probably cook it to begin with it but they finish it off to order) as to not be sitting out for a long time. Love the options that you have for the type of meal you want. Don't get it twisted this is not a full service Indian restaurant with a wealth of options but they do a great job of covering the spices and flavors of what they do serve. I will go again if I'm in the neighborhood
The Chipotle of Indian food! Super fast service, and ideal for your pocket.Loved it!Must try the dosa chicken. Onion bhajiya is worth a miss.
As an Indian person, I'm always looking for a fast casual Indian restaurant that actually tastes good.  Before Indikitch that didn't exist in NYC.  Indikitch takes the Chipotle model and makes it work very well for Indian food.I've been to the Flatiron location three times now.  They have different options (feast, biryani, dosa, and salad) which are all about the same price.  By far the biggest bang for your buck is the feast.  You get your choice of meat, rice, vegetables, salad, and naan.  It's a very filling portion for most people.I've only ever gotten the chicken tikka, but it's been very good every time.  They flash cook all the meat in a pan before putting placing it in the container.  The chickpeas are a little bland and not that tender.  The cucmber salad is fresh and has a lot of taste.By far the best part of Indikitch is the ability to spice up your meal.  This isn't one of those places where very spicy is still mild.  As a person who can tolerate a lot of heat, you can get your food spicy enough to get your nose running.
Besides the long line between 12:15-1:15, this place was very good for lunch! I had mushroom with salad (spicy). I thought it was very little food but I was full. The mushroom was cooked right in front of me after I placed the order. The chickpea chips was very good with the salad as well.
This place seems americanized but liked the taste of food. They dont have a lot of options but with the options they have, they make it really enjoyable. They vary the spice level on choice and it was quite tasty. The quantity was also good enough.Do not miss their samosa/kulfi.
Been here multiple times for lunch for some some good fresh Indian food choices.But this time blown away by their service and hence writing the review right from the restaurant. Food turned out to be a but spiced up then what we could handle, tried to place a second set of order but the owner refused to take the money and gave a Lassi and water for free. To add to the comedy of errors dropped the lassi near the table and they replaced that too.For a fresh fast food joint taking care of a customer in this fashion. Reflects the commitment towards providing an excellent service. Kudos.... a happy customer for life.
Holy Crap...this place is amazing!!!  I just discovered it today and so sad I didn't know about it sooner!  Indian Food - Chipotle Style. I tried the Biryani bowl with Chicken Tikka...sooooo good!  Super fresh and made to order.The line is a little long, but goes pretty quickly. Totally worth the wait! I'll most definitely be back, but not sure I'll be able to try anything else since what I'm eating right now is so darn good! Do yourself a favor and stop by next time you're in the area!!
The place and people were nice but the food was gross. Please do not go here if you are looking for authentic Indian food. We got the biryani with the paneer and everything is seasoned with the same seasoning?? It looked like taco seasoning?? It was a good amount for the $9 but definitely not worth it, quality-wise. The mango lassi was mostly vanilla yogurt with a hint of fruit. The small yogurt that came with the meal was the only thing that made my bowl bearable. My stomach is burning so much probably because the paneer tikka was SO OILY. This was definitely a no from me.
Very good and a nice twist on Indian food. Found this place on Yelp .Yelp is so good at finding new places to try. We had no idea what to eat in the Flatiron  location  in NY. The restaurant is set up like a Chipotle restaurant. Just like other people said. You pick what ever you want at the counter and they make it for you.  The Chicken tikka  was great. And pick a rice to go with the meal I picked  Biryani rice. The food comes in a bowl.  And you can pick how spicy you want. My husband had the Mushroom Kadai  he loved it.  We added a bread called Samosa not that great a little hard. This place is very cool I wish they would open them up in Fort Worth, Tx area.  I will go back if I find one again. This is a great way to try Indian food.
Loved it. Like Chipotle for Indian food. It was fast, delicious, and the ambiance - while casual - was really comfortable and clean. I had the Biryani chicken tikka, mild. It was spicier than I thought it'd be but it was still delicious. The bathroom is for customers only (you get a key code on your receipts) which is probably why it stays so clean. Will be back! I hope they open more locations!
South Indian food at its finest!!! After living in India for a couple of years I can personally attest that you will not go wrong with Indikitch. Best food in Chelsea!
We came here while we were walking around in Flatiron on a weekday evening. One of our friends works close to this place, and we had heard quite good reviews about this place. Think of this place as 'Indian Chipotle'. You can order a feast, biryani, salads or a tawa sandwich. We decided to order the feast which comes with a Main along with rice (option of basmati, brown or saffron rice), side salad (option of carrot, beet or cucumber salad), dal (option of classic dal, chickpeas or yellow lentil) and naan (option of original, wheat or garlic). We got the mushroom kadai (medium spicy), saffron rice, beet salad with garlic naan. We also ordered the onion bhaji (think of it as onion rings, but batter fried in chickpea flour).The feast was very good; they cook the mushrooms in front of you and so you know it's freshly made. The food wasn't very greasy, which is one of my pet peeves with Indian food served in the restaurants which tend to be very greasy. The onion bhaji was a bit soggy and felt like was sitting out for a while (not personally my favorite). It felt the ratio to batter to onion was a bit amiss.  I would recommend this place to come for lunch on a work day. It is fast Indian food while at the same time being delicious and healthy!
Just like other reviewers mentioned, this is "The Chipotle of Indian food". They both share similar concept. But I think Indikitch serves more food than Chipotle. I've been there 3 times. Love the feast. You picked the lentil, rice and salad. Then you pick the main course, meat, fish or vegi and they will cook for the main for you. You also can choose how spicy you want. Then, you choose the naan. The garlic naan is always my top pick. I really enjoy it and will go back again!
Stepping up fast food a notch is indikitch taking Indian cuisine above the typical international salad bar.  Its sister is Chipotle for Mexican in the quick service industry.  I like inditkitch's Samosa for three large potato and pea dumplings at $3.44 which I upgraded with Chaat sauces for $2.50.  The garlic Naan bread $1.84 was very filling, light and not overpowering, not swimming with layers of heavy oily garlic which I am well satisfied.  Service is attentive who the cashier explains what various Indian ethnic dishes filled with traditional spices and terms are.  Their menu selection adapts to the calorie conscience, spicy palette by infusing hell spawn fiery hot chilies, vegetarian, and including gluten free.  indikitch's production line is modeled after Henry Ford's automobile assembly line where patrons can visibly see their order prepared.Over priced as my bill total (including tax) ac-culminated to an utter dismay $8.50, thereby blowing my food allowance for the week.  indikitch is easily accessible in Chelsea's West 23rd Street (6th Avenue) opposite Home Depot where on the corner sits NJ Path train, F and M subways.
#Even though I work so close to this place, this is my first time eating from here. I always just assumed I might as well walk over to #Curry Hill for Indian food. But I finally tried IndiKitch and it's actually pretty tasty. So if I ever need Indian food and can't walk far because of my #gout toe, this is a really good option!
Why does Indikitch's food quality always seem to go down on the weekends? I just don't understand. This past Saturday, I got my "usual", a chicken biryani with 2 chili peppers. This is generally pretty spicy but on Saturday it tasted like there was barely any chili in it. In addition, the overall taste and composition of the dish (excluding the spice issue) was very mediocre, which is usually not the case. But I feel like I need to avoid going there on weekends as this is not the 1st time this has happened.
Fast-food Indian food. Nothing mind blowing, but pretty solidly good all around. You get a lot of variety for a good price and the portions are perfect.
There are literally no words to describe how great this place is! I may or may not have been just hungry, but daaaang, this was bomb.I came on a weekday afternoon lunch break, not really expecting a long line. Turns out the wait was about 20-25 minutes from where I was standing. But it was definitely worth it. I got a chicken biryana bowl, and you get to pick from three choices of rice: jasmine, brown, or saffron. They cook the chicken right in front of you, allowing you the option to add spiciness to it. It was super delicious and it comes with different sauces too! I decided to get the onion fritters as a side, which was basically onion ring chips, which also came with different sauces. I recommend getting one bag and splitting it among friends, because it was a big portion. I finished the bowl relatively fast because I was so hungry. There's plenty of seating, so don't worry about not finding a table. The reason why I enjoy this better than Chipotle is because they give bigger portions, and there's a lot more you can select from. I am definitely coming back here in the near future to try the other choices!
A group of us left work for a little adventure and ended up eating here. the lines was OUT the door - we grinned and trucked through it... for such a long line, they did move relatively quickly. I was starving by the time we go to the ordering counter: I had the biryani rice bowl with chicken.... absolutely delicious! I asked for mine medium-spicy, which was just right. I probably could have gone full-on spicy, but I didnt want the train ride back to work to be miserable for everyone around me.They were running some promotion so we all got a free beer! I dont really like beer, so I just sipped mine once or twice when my mouth needed to be cooled down (which it did from time to time).Overall -a great experience. If i lived closed, I'd definitely be frequenting this place for lunches.
I appreciate how they reheat the food for you on pans when you order your food, so that it's nice and warm when you eat it. This place has fast, friendly service and the food is good. I got the pulled pork and rice, which was very filling. They are also very generous with their portions. A tasty meal for a good deal of about $10 a plate! I will be coming back again the next time I need a quick affordable meal in NYC.
Have been here a couple times.  The decor is very industrial, and the style of service is very assembly line, similar to other "high-end fast food" type restaurants.I typically get the following combination: Basmati Rice with Paneer Tikka, Yellow Lentil Dal, and Cucumber Kachumbar.  I absolutely love the paneer tikka.  It is amazingly well-spiced and very flavorful - this rendition is significantly better than at many sit-down Indian restaurants I have gone to.  While I tend to get the basmati rice, I also like the saffron a lot.  Of the kachumbar options, the cucumber is the best of the three in my opinion, with the carrot one being second-best.  I love beets, and I really disliked the beet one.I really like indikitch - fast service with really tasty options.  I hope they open more locations around the city!
If they're trying to be the next best thing in "fast quality food" then they need to do some tweaking. Using Yelp terms -- Chipotle is the duke of the fast-casual food concept. So indikitch should just check in more often if they want to change that. (This somehow made more sense in my head, so never mind.)The only thing I didn't like was the wait time. If this is supposed to be "fast" then it's not being executed properly. With Chipotle, I can order, pay, sit and eat in the time it takes to just wait for my food here. The food is actually very good though (if you have time to wait for it) and I enjoyed it very much, actually. The woman behind the counter asked if I wanted my mushroom kadai biryani "medium spicy or very spicy"....the word "very" scared me a little so I told her I'd like it medium. But to my surprise my "medium" spice level turned out to be fire (and I love some spicy, just nothing too crazy, so I would know)! But I can only imagine how hot the "very" would've been!I also love samosas so I would never forgive myself if I didn't try theirs while I was there. It usually comes with three but they gave me four, which was very sweet of them....thanks guys! I was also asked if I wanted my samosas to be accompanied with some kind of chutney and interesting yogurt thing so I said of course....but then quickly changed my mind when she told me it was $2.50 more!* That's almost another order of samosas!That sweet sauce that came with the samosas....uh, YUM! Oh, and that blood orange lemonade was superb!__________* This extra $2.50 must be their equivalent to the extra charge for guacamole at Chipotle. Not really a fan of that either.
Their curries have too much onions and not enough meat. I feel like I'm not getting what I paid for. More profit for them. Sucks for the customer.
lines are so longggg for lunch here which is to be expected. I got the chicken tikka masala w biryani rice and it was delicious. It came with two sauces and pickled onions. The chicken was really flavorful. and portions are like chipotle sized. I love places that can give me a quick lunch.
So delicious! My order is always correct and delicious every time.
As of late they have reduced the quantity of food.
LOVE that the mushroom kadai is made with coconut milk. Just hoping a vegan-friendly bread option will be made available.
Genius idea,  everything was delicious.  Caution though, the three spice option is veeeeerrry spicy.  So it's definitely the real deal.
I tend to go here a lot, and never get sick of it. It's a place for a quick lunch or dinner, and really good for vegetarians. I have tried the feast, the kati rolls, the dosas, and the sandwich (which they took off the menu but was my favorite!). All of these were good, the kati rolls are my current favorite and I get them with paneer tikka. If you want an extra flavor kick, get a side of coriander mayo for it!Its great for vegetarians because they take a new pan every time, so there's no crossover for meat. Especially for my friend (who's non vegetarian) and me, it's great to find a place that we him and I can both agree on. The only complaints I have is that I have an very very low spice tolerance, and no matter what way I say it (mild or extra extra mild), it ends up still being a little too spicy. But the flavor is still amazing. The other thing I've noticed is once or twice, the employees were a little rude.  Once I asked for coriander mayo, and when he brought me the wrong thing and I tried to explain the sauce to him, he got mad at me and yelled at me. But most of the time I have no issue!
The food is very good here.  My favorite part of my meal was definitely the garlic naan!!  I had the curry chicken, as mild as possible.  The server asked me what type of beans I wanted, and I was thinking like Chipotle - pinto or black, and I was like err, no thanks.  But really, she meant a different type of legume, like chickpeas or something, and I would've totally gone for that, but it's ok, next time definitely!!  The salads were also really good.  Basically, if you like Indian food, you will like Indikitch.  It is good food with fast and friendly service.  Yay!
Stopped here for a quick to-go dinner because I was in the mood for Indian but didn't want to order carry out and end up spending $25... It was surprisingly super tasty and only around 12 bucks! Great flavors and hit my Indian food craving. The naan was so tasty. Anything that remotely resembles a Chipotle model is a-ok with me. Only thing, I didn't feel totally AMAZING after but you know how it is.
This is a great option for those that are on the go. Think of this as an Indian Chipotle. It was my first time here and I ordered the feast option with chicken. If you can't handle spicy food, they can modify it for you, which is great! I love how this comes with a naan bread and you can dip it in the sauce of the meat. I also ordered a mango lassi, which is like a mango yogurt drink. It's heavy, but you will want to get a drink with your meal, as the meal will leave you thirsty. Overall, this place is okay for a fast meal. However, I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to eat here.
Clean and clear restaurant !Ordered spicy chicken and it was really good ,,, will try next time
I wish I could give this place a few more stars!Brilliant concept! They serve Indian food... but umm..Chipotle or Subway style.I had a Dosa with Mushroom curry. It was awesome! They wrap the mushroom in a dosa, like a Taco. Also had the Chicken Biryani, which was very good too.You can choose your toppings and chutneys that will go into the dish. The potion is smallish, well it was for me... but probably because I was famished. Not too expensive. Self Service.
I was looking forward all week to visiting this place,as I luv Indian food but I found the food to be like an Indian version of Chipotle.I ordered mango lassi,and Chicken Birani,I found it too be too spicy(hot)yet lacking the traditional Indian Herbs..kind of a strange combo of food.The place it's self had huge industrial ceilings which made it fairly noisy.It's very narrow,so getting to the loo is difficult,but that being said it seems popular with both  Western,and a few Indian students that I observed(They have a student discount)In my book it's really pseudo Indian food,for the price I paid i feel i could do better,and will continue to explore.
Their chicken tikka was pretty solid, and I loved the naan! YUMMMM this is a great place to go to for a quick lunch. It's fast yet filling!
stumbled across and found this gem. Amazing concept. Chipotle of indian food.
If you have food allergies (especially to peanuts, tree nuts), don't eat here. Fast casual places with tight quarters should avoid using nuts.
This cannot be considered authentic Indian food and if the portions were any smaller it would be considered a kiddy meal. Doing waste your time or money.
Went last night for a dinner with friends! We discover this place last year thanks to an indian friend who recommend us to go there! So I guess the food is authentic! It's presented more like a fast food than a restaurant but, I found it very good and tasty!! The ambience is nice and very clean! I order a mild pulled pork feast with saffron rise, chickpea, cucumber and original nan bread. All for 10$! The dishes is a little bit spicy and so good! Everything was well cooked and delicious in taste!Come back soon!!
Outstanding menu , easy to order . If you have never tried Indian this is the best American version in a fast food format.The lines are long for good reason. Food is cooked to order in an assembly line format. Presentation and spices are phenomenal. Food carries great for take out. No doubt that this great place will find great success. Don't worry about the line , it moves quick. Professionals across the board.
Fast-and-casual meets Indian, and I'm sure as heck happy about it.  Just like its' partners in the fast-and-casual game, you get way too much food for the $10 you pay.  Long gone are the days of going into Curry Hill and only tasting the huge helping of chicken tikka masala that has now gone cold since you've taken forever to finish it.Indikitch allows you to order a feast (meat + four sides), biryani (rice bowl), salad, or dosa (crepe).  I had to get the feast, with chicken tikka.  There are lots of spicy options, so if you like that -- go for it!  There's also a vegetarian option (paneer cheese or mushrooms!).  You choose a rice, lentils or chickpeas, a veggie, and top off with free naan!  The naan wasn't fabulous, but to be honest, the chicken tikka and chickpeas were great.  Plus, Madison Square Park is close and with lots of tables, you can enjoy your Indian food and watch people wait hours for Shake Shack!
