So good, so very very good (and inexpensive) and did I mention good?The service was very friendly and attentive.  They could not have been nicer.The Samosa Chatt was delectable.  My chicken curry bowl was good, though my friends Paneer Bowl was even better.  I can't wait to order that online so I can be in Muttar Paneer bliss.  They sent over desserts for us to try, and they were both very good.  I am a fanatic for good Gulub Jamun, and their version did not disappoint.I wish they would get a liquor license, but they are very accommodating when you bring your own wine.  They brought out lovely glasses for us.I will definitely be back.
I was driving by and this place caught my eye. There was a parking spot right outside so went in to check it out. Saw some good reviews on Yelp so placed an order. The Nizami roll and green chicken Tikka was really good. The Keema roll was OK but the meat was a bit on the dry side. Overall a nice clean place with good Halal meat rolls and bowls. The service was quick!!
Super tasty new indian spot.  I had the chicken tikka masala ($11) and myLady had shag paneer ($10).  Both were delicious, however the chicken only came with 4-5 pieces of chicken.  Not bad for the cost however.  The shrimp appetizer was tasty but only 4 shrimp for $8 wasn't totally worth it. Decor needs some work but will order delivery from here soon.
Already in love with this place. Affordable, delicious no bs Indian food. Ive only ordered for delivery so I cant comment on the decor or anything about the physical restaurant, but I've ordered a few times and was pleased. Chicken tikka masala, lamb briyani, and the curry murgh roll are my favorites. Great flavors.
Wow! Very cool spot...has equaled it's other location in Williamsburg in delicious, spicy, exotic Indian fare. I always get the chicken masala and it's perfection! Just the right amount of creamy and tender. The Nan bread is ridiculously tasty and we even tried the Poori which I loved as well. Our host/waiter Samir was so friendly and nice even treating us to a yummy rice pudding for dessert...great guy. Terrific food, terrific service and ambiance and don't forget it's BYOB! Can't ask for anything more :)
Best Indian I've had in America!!! Great service, lovely staff. Food was delicious. A group of us went and all loved our meals. Really well flavoured food, cooked with care. Extremely fresh ingredients and good meat. Nice atmosphere too! Can't recommend enough!!
Today was my 4th visit to this place.   Originally a friend recommended it, assuring me that even though Astoria is known to NOT have authentic and real Indian food like other places in Queens, that this one was real.  The first time I tried Aloo Chana Roll and I loved it. Then I split two more with my friends on the second and third visit: the paneer kurchan and the bhuna gobi roll.  They were delicious!What I love about this place is that they sell bowls, which include rice and salad, and the portions are not too big and definitely not too small for one person.  For people eating at an Indian restaurant it's hard to order and decide if a small dish should be partnered with another dish or the main meal and it's usually a lot of food, or you end up not sure if you really wanted to combine something with another.  In this restaurant those issues are not there.  When you order the main dish you will be paired with just about the right flavors and amount.I tend to order between the vegan and the vegetarian bowls.  So far I've had the Paneer Saag Kofta, the Baigan Bhartha and my favorite the Butter Paneer Masala.  They were all delicious and all with a very unique flavor.  The sauces were very tasty and none of these dishes, as they cooled down changed flavors, which tends to happen at some Indian restaurants where you feel as if you're eating two meals and the end flavor is the worst.  The wait service is phenomenal.  When asking for recommendations they were very honest not just about what's popular but also how to pair a particular side with a dish to make it just right and they have not failed me.  They're also very caring about the customers, always checking in and the treatment very high-class.  Unlike more traditional places where very little interaction takes place between the server and the customer, which sometimes I believe may be due to language and cultural issues.  At Tikka Roll House they have already blended the superb American customer service and the exceptional flavors of India in one very affordable and enjoyable experience.  I will continue to go there as much as possible since they're closer to me than Jackson Heights.
Came here the first time and I was very satisfied!! The food was on point so was the service. Will definitely come back.
I stopped here because they were giving out free samples and I was stupidly hungry so I grabbed a handful of them and continued on my way. But when I passed them again an hour later I had to stop and get a roll. It's basically a piece of thin naan with a portion of a dish rolled up inside. I don't know if this is a thing but I've never had anything like it and it was hella good.
This place just opened a couple of days ago and let me tell you- this place has amazing food! Different than other Indian Restaurants, they serve these tikka rolls that are incredible. We had the cauliflower roll and spicy chicken roll. Both were great and the service was very attentive.  We also had chicken tikka masala bowl which was delicious and finished with Keer.  We will definitely be coming back!  Most authentic Indian food I've had on 30th!
I was there this evening. WHAT GREAT FOOD! My friend and I shared a cauliflower roll and garlic naan. I had samosa chaat and bindi. My friend had the chicken tikka. We shared the dhal. For dessert we had gulab jamen and rice pudding. Our server was attentive. Any questions about the chosen menu items were clearly explained. This is a new restaurant with a promising future. YOU WILL BE SATISFIED.
Went here on a whim and was pleasantly surprised. I had the samosa chaat and keema roll. The chaat was especially delicious. The owner, Salim, was friendly and helpful.Heads up - they are adding lunch specials to the menu soon, for both rolls and curries.
This place rivals actual 5 star restaurants I've been to not only in food quality but equally in  service.I have been to every Indian food place in Astoria and I can assure you THIS IS THE ONE YOU WANT They offer a unique spin on Indian that stays true to the flavors you'd expect while truly perfecting on the dishes they serve. More then that the service is beyond awesome. All the staff that I've met have so helpful, kind and funny!plus it's byob (seems like a bad thing right? nope! there's a really eclectic bodega with a bunch of different beers and a very friendly owner right next to it, not to mention the wine store right across the street.)This place is just what Astoria has been needing and I hope they are here to stay!
This place is a must-try!! The food is amazing beyond words, the portions are a great size for the price- which is super reasonable. I've eaten here 3 times in 6 months and never been disappointed. Waiters are so nice too!! An all-around fabulous and delicious experience!!!
I'm Indian and very picky about Indian food. Didn't have high hopes for this new kid on the block but gave it a try & was pleasantly surprised! First time I ordered the Rajma, which is my fav dish that my mom makes. It was nice and creamy and the chutneys & pickled radish on the side complimented it well!  I also recommend the chicken biryani. My only complaint is its not spicy even after i tell them to make it extra spicy.
Was looking forward to trying this new Indian eatery. Unfortunately as I sat in the empty restaurant and continued to sit it became obvious that servicing costumers was low on the list.. Know I know why this place was empty at 1pm on a Sunday afternoon. The good news is that I walked around the corner and enjoyed great food and service at Seva in spite of it being packed. Recommend Seva!
The food here is the best indian I've ever tried! Used to go to Seva and Namaste but this one is far better. Went there with my husband and we had chicken tikka masala, panner saag kofta samosa chaat, pakora and (I think) anda burji roll and all of it was spectacular. Just perfect amount of spicy(I love spicy) but at the same time very smooth. Can't wait to go back and try everything else.Also this place is BYOB - there's store next door with large selection of beers and liquor store right across the street.
This place has only been around for a month or two, and I'm already a take-out regular. Delicious rolls, kick-ass mulligatawny soup, and the lunch special is great value. I'll come and dine in sometime and try the entrees.
Delicious authentic food! Hidden gem in Astoria. Also, BYOB. Doesn't get any better than that.
Ordered tandoori chicken, basmatie rice with vegetable samosas.  It was delicious.  Spicy but not extreme.  Chicken was tender n tasty. Will order again.
All style no substance. Food was presented well, but not much authentic taste. The restaurant was empty when we arrived
Update:Refund resolved. delivery.com got through today and the restaurant called to let me know the situation and apologized and said he was doing the full amount.  So hooray for fixing it.  However, he did repeatedly ask me to delete my review over and over because the food is really good and it's his business even though I had said I would update it after the first time and I had to keep repeating myself because he kept asking me to delete and it was really off-putting.  I'm not looking to destroy this restaurant I just was giving an account of what happened.  I really really want to like this place and wanted to try again at a later time but they're giving me reasons not to   I can only hope this experience was just a series of unfortunate anomalies and no one else will ever have something like this come up and hope he realizes it's bad form and I think against Yelp's policy to ask for reviews to be deleted... -----1-StarThis is for delivery.Had such high hopes but am super unsatisfied. Food took over an hour and 45mins to arrive. Estimate was for 45-60 mins. I called after 70ish mins to get an update and was told the order left already but he would call me back in a minute.  I didn't get a call after 5 mins so I called back and the guy said there was a bike accident but it would be there any second.  I was worried when he said accident but when I asked about it he insisted that the guy was fine and everything was ok and he should arrive any second. 15 mins go by and still nothing. I call back and tell him I don't think the food would be very good at this point and that it would probably be cold. He promises it'll still be good and the guy would be there any second now and if the food was cold he would give me a refund. Fine I give it more time. Almost another 10 mins until the food finally arrives and yep the rice and the kati rolls were cold and wet from condensation, the curry is lukewarm and so is the mango lassi. The guy who dropped it off was nice though and seemed fine.  So I call back the restaurant to let him know the order arrived and that it was indeed cold. Suddenly I'm no longer getting a refund but a fifty% discount and he couldn't just give it to me I had to have delivery.com call him and he would tell them to give me the discount.  I'm beyond annoyed at this point but I say ok and confirmed that it was 50 and not 15 and I call delivery.com. The rep calls the restaurant and suddenly there's no one there who can give authorization for a discount and the rep is to call back in half and hour to speak to the manager. It's been almost an hour and a half since that point and I haven't heard anything back.  I'm guessing the guy at the restaurant is still giving the runaround or the restaurant closed by the time the rep could call back.The guy on the phone wasn't mean or anything (and neither was I) but he kept talking over me to insist everything would be fine and be there an second but he was sorry.  I was very patient but now I'm utterly annoyed.
Did not expect to find such fantastic Indian food in Astoria. Deeply flavorful without recourse to excessive spice. The food is made fresh - no warmed over sauces. The food takes a bit longer to prepare but it's worth it.
Found this restaurant on Uber Eats and WOW I am so happy I came across it. The food is absolutely delicious.
I was really looking forward to this place but the rolls tasted bland with no hint of spice.  Even though we ordered four different rolls (2 different chicken rolls, 1 veg, 1 egg) they all had the same taste profile.  The paratha part of the roll was doughy and undercooked.  The delivery service was friendly and quick.
Love love love! I've been waiting for a good street style Indian restaurant to open up in Astoria and I've found it! My fiancé and I had one beef roll and another chickpea and potato roll and they were fantastic. We had the vegetable soup with onion naan as well. All of the flavors were wonderful and you can tell they truly take care in what comes out. Very reasonably priced as well. We will definitely be back. I saw some curry bowls pass by and I'm already planning my next visit :) Salim was awesome and guided us through the menu!
So happy this place opened close to my house on 30th ave. The food is amazing!  Make sure you try the cauliflower roll as an app... The service is very warm and inviting, it's also BYOB! The prices overall are cheap when compared to the quality of food.
Went here with a vegan friend last night, to soothe our souls after this shitty election week, and the food was phenomenal!!  I had the chicken curry roll and cheese naan, and she had a vegan cauliflower curry bowl that was to die for.  The service was friendly and the restroom was clean!  I'm so happy to live near here!!
Easily the best Indian food in Astoria.  I typically opt for the vegan and vegetarian dishes, but the malai murgh chicken roti is also top notch.  Special shout out: the cauliflower roti is a far more robust, hearty and delicious meal than cauliflower would normally allow but they pull it off.  Fast service, great prices, and most importantly, fantastic Indian food of a quality that Astoria has been lacking in for some time.
Yum! I really enjoyed this place. The service couldn't have been better, and the food was great. I'm vegan, and I started with the mulligatawny soup followed by a bhuna gobi (cauliflower) roll and a smoked baigan (eggplant) roll. It was all delicious, but I think the cauliflower roll was my favorite. My boyfriend ordered the saag gosh bowl and some garlic naan. We'll be back!
Authentic and delicious Indian cuisine right on 30th Ave in Astoria! Started with the spiced potatoe Kati roll and Samosas - both seasoned just right. Had the Pumpkin Kala Chana Vegan and Coconut Shrimp sauce and they were so savory! The service was friendly and attentive, and a warm and intimate atmosphere. Reasonably priced menu options as well. Definitely a good stop!
So happy I got to experience this place!  This restaurant is brand new, BYOB, and has some unbelievably delicious and super inexpensive Indian street food dishes.  Highly recommend the Malai Murg Roll - I'll definitely be back.
A great restaurant where you can see they put a lot of effort to give you the best experience with delicious meals (you have to try the rolls!) and very attentive and friendly service.
Great addition to the neighborhood as they have menu items not found at some of the other Indian restaurants nearby.  Have been there twice so far with my wife and both times thoroughly enjoyed our dishes (various rolls, chicken biryani, chicken tikka masala, kheer, gulab jamun).  Will definitely continue to go there.
Great new addition the to neighborhood. Byob. Recommend the lamb Rogan Josh. Freshly made tomato sauce excellent spice blend. Also recommend the chicken vindaloo (really spicy) and haryali chicken is tender and flavorful. The service was excellent!
Order the Chaat for appetizer - amazing! Rolls are flavorful and satisfying. Chicken tikka is so tender. Highly recommend it!
This place has AMAZING food. Had a vegetarian roll, a non-veg roll and the chaat. Phenomenal!!!
Tried the new Indian spot on 30th. Got the chicken and lamb rolls and vegetable soup delivered and everything was awesome. Can't wait to try more of the menu.
A so-so experience. The restaurant was cold and empty when I stopped by for dinner. Wait staff are friendly, and the lamb masala was filling. I will give them another try, but only in warmer weather and when they are up to speed on their service and restaurant experiences
When my husband and I moved to Astoria from Greenwich Village, we missed having a quick and inexpensive place to eat (like Kati Roll or Thelewala). After one visit, this already tops the list. We tried four rolls and all of them were fresh, healthy (not too oily like other places), and hearty. Her favorite- gobi rollHis favorite- paneer khurchan rollFinish with kheer for dessert. Will definitely be back!
Just brought my carry out order home and am loving it. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala. It's delicious! Got the medium and it's great, I'm not sure I could handle spicy. I was only I the restaurant for a few minutes, but it was clean and pleasant. The staff was very friendly. I will definitely order again. You can't beat BYOB, so I would def eat in with friends. I have enough for a second meal which is a bonus
Great service, amazing food, BYOB and everything was cooked perfectly. Love this place!
As good as it gets. The owner greeted me and was SO friendly and attentive. I grabbed my food to go and ate it maybe 3 hours later and it was still hot and tasted so fresh and amazing. I'm no novice when it comes to Indian food and DAMN this biryani was the best I've ever had. The samosas could have more filling but what they had inside was phenomenal! we'll for sure be going again soon.
We got lots of food for delivery. It was delivered maybe 15 minutes after seamless stated, but we weren't phased by that.  The naan is super fluffy (not the greatest naan of all time) but the cauliflower bread is delicious, worth $3.50. The tikka masala and saag are better than all the others in this neighborhood, and the dahl was cheaper as well.  The salads with the meal are unnecessary and we didn't end up eating them. We would order from them again, seeing as how we have lived around here 4 years and a new restaurant actually offering good food is pretty rare.
Great food, nice people, perfect música,  super clean restroom...rolls are amaizing...totally recommended
Came here for a friend's birthday dinner. It was some of the best Indian food I've had. Lately the Indian food from restaurants have all been toned down for tourists it seems. This had the perfect amount of spice. Service was very quick and friendly. Naan was good too. Only thing I didn't like was the biryani because it was very oily but the flavor was good. I'll definitely be stopping by again
Great food fabulous service!  The waiter Salim, was friendly attentive and helpful! Also the other waiter or owner came over to our table to check on us.  Both servers were fun and cheery to talk too! The restaurant area was clean and modern looking. Salim helped each of us pick out entrees according to our taste.  We ordered dishes that included Murgh Vindaloo, Chicken Tikka Masala,Tandoori Lamb chop, Mattar Paneer, Saag Paneer and Chole!  The food was delicious and fresh! Over all my friends and I enjoyed this restaurant and plan to go back!  I recommend it highly.  Tikka Roll House thank you for the great experience!!!
pro-tip: spicy means spicy. the chicken chops were super good. the pepper chicken too. the garlic naan is also a must have. i would definitely recommend to fans of authentic south asian cuisine. or anyone, actually.
We had a great dinner at Tikka. It is BYO no cork fee. The rolls are so delicious! We had a beef and a potato one, both perfect. Curries were perfection. Highly recommend the black pepper chicken. The service here was on point! Great new spot.
I really enjoyed the food here, and found it to be good value. I tried an eggplant roll. It was tasty, but a little small. I would need two of those to be satisfied. The bowls I found more filling - I had the butter paneer masala. Comes with rice and salad, and with the naan (very good - crispy on the bottom, soft and fluffy) was more than enough food. Very tasty sauce. Ambience was okay - poppy Indian music was a little loud and clubby for my tastes.
GREAT spot!! Have dined in and ordered take out and love this food! Staff is attentive and friendly. Made great suggestions on what to order and on the level of spice. Will absolutely be back and recommend for anyone craving flavorful Indian food!!!
The GF and I went on Saturday for lunch.  We each enjoyed a roll(she got cauliflower and I got chicken curry), we also shared the pakora appetizer.  The food was very good, and very affordable.  Our lunch with tip was about $20 dollars.  The only reason to take away a star is the ambience.  It is as bare bones as a restaurant as there could be, with no decorations on the walls and flat painting.  I believe he said they are still planning on updating the décor though! Would def recommend for more affordable take on Indian food.
We live right around the corner from this place and gave it a try. Can't wait to go back and check out the rest of the menu. The owner couldn't have been nicer, and explained the "rolls" to us suggesting that we share them so we could try more things. We had Samosa Chat, Curry Murgh Roll, Chicken Tikka Masala and Chole. Everything was flavorful and delicious. They are currently bring your own booze, which is awesome (there's great beer and wine to purchased footsteps away from the restaurant) and saves you dough so you can spend more on their delicious food. I hope they keep up the great work, and we will be visiting lots more.
The food here is amazing! The service is so kind and attentive. My husband is English and he said this was the best Indian food in the city. AND it is BYOB! With no corking fees!
Amazing food. Already have been there 2-3 times in a week. The service is very good. One of the authentic Indian restaurants in the area.
do NOT order the samosa chatt; they take one samosa and cut it in half, its a rip off;go to Taste of Bengal and get whole cheap samosas
Lovely, accommodating service and great food. Nicely seasoned but not overdone, with fresh ingredients. Cool Bollywood poster decor. Nice addition to the neighborhood! I wish they would open in Park Slope - we need a good Indian restaurant here !
My husband and I were looking for a quick bite on our way home from work so we called in an order of rolls: both chicken rolls, the lamb and the beef. We ended up getting there a little before the rolls were ready so we sat at one of the high tables and got to talking with the owners. One thing lead to another and we mentioned that tikka masala was our favorite dish and the owner insisted that we try his take on the classic. I am sooooo glad we did. The chicken was so tender, the sauce wasn't overly-tomato-y (it was barely tomato at all, which I loved!) and the flavors were incredible. This is honestly my new favorite dish. Anyway, we got back home and tried the rolls, lo and behold these were fantastic as well. They're not as saucy as kati roll, but the flavor was definitely there. The only critique I have is that I wish the rolls came with more of the green and red sauces on the side! They were delicious!Between the hospitality and the delicious food, we'll be repeat customers for sure!
Phenomenal!  I almost never go to the same place frequently but I've been three times in the month they have been open.  Everything is delicious and byob really seals the deal.
What a wonderful restaurant! Service was exceptional, food was outstanding, and atmosphere was just great. We had the Mulligatawny soup, chicken tikka masala, and tandoori chicken and were completely satisfied with each. This is definitely our new Indian place in Astoria!
Great food and service! For me it was the best Indian I've had in Astoria so far and I'm always a fan of byob. I had two rolls - beef and chicken and two lamb currys---mmm mmm delish and came with a little side salad which was different. Thumbs up hope this place does well. Needs more atmosphere though but the owner said they are working on it
Best Indian food in the area. The staff is extremely nice and very helpful with their recommendations. I will be a repeat customer here. Another star for being byob
For me this place is below average. I got the aloo Chana roll and the chicken curry roll . Both were seriously lacking in flavor. This was my 2nd time eating here but no more.  Being an Indian I can say that this is not authentic Indian tikka roll .
Never written a review before, but had to comment on how delicious this place was. Definitely worth a try if you've never had Indian food before and definitely worth a meal if you're an Indian food connoisseur.
Not greasy at all.  Softer taste than the Bollywood place in the east village.  Perhaps could have been a bit more flavorful lamb
Chicken hariyali kabab and veggie biryani was awesome. nice people and service. Food was good, and my family and me were happy to be there. We will definitely visit again.
I don't review places very often but I had to on this new place that just opened up a couple months ago. The food here is top quality!! I got the chicken chop. The waiter recommended it, and he was dead on! My fiancé had the chicken tiki masala. Gotta say best chicken tiki masala in Astoria. Tried the other Indian restaurants in the area and it blew it out of the water! Go try it! Oh started with fried cauliflower as an appi. Also very good!
Good rolls and biryani. Love their food. BYOB.
The food was really good ! I usually go all the way to the city to get Katti rolls but now I found my go to place right in Astoria!
HAIR in food- enough said!  Add to that, we had to get our own menus as we weren't approached by the waiter until 10 minutes after we arrived- despite him seeing us as he was in and out of the kitchen.
Great new spot on 30th ave! Full Indian menu plus tikka rolls. Food was delicious. They are obviously showing some growing pains, service was awkward (forgotten menus, etc ) but I think it will improve with experience. Also terrible lighting, please fix that for a much better ambiance! Also BYOB is awesome!
I've had all of their veggie rolls at this point and think they're fantastic, loved the cauliflower one. Better than Kati Roll Company.  The lights are a little bright inside for a nice dinner vibe, I've only got take out and always enjoyed.
The food is great, the owner and people working there are really nice and kind, the prices are very reasonable. There are not that many Indian restaurants in Astoria so this is a really nice addition, we are vegetarian with some food allergies so they accommodated us with all our requests without a fuss without a problem. Everything we tried was tasty and good quality, from naan to appetizers to the main course, we did not have desert. The place is new, so not too many people go there and I can understand if people are hesitant to try it, but I highly recommend it, you will be happy and have a good reliable place as an option, for spicy Indian food.
We were finished with a visit to the Museum of Moving Image and looking for a place to eat. This came up with good reviews - so we decided to try it. Our timing was perfect - not too crowded. As we were starving we ordered a lot of food.  Rolls for appetizers - which they cut for us - were delicious. We tried the Aloo Chana, Smoked Baigan and the Bhuni Gobi- all were good. We ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, Kadai Chicken, Biryani and Aloo Gobi for main dishes - with 3 different Naans. Everything came out cooked well and without delays - I think the Chicken Tikka Masala was one of the best I have ever had. Also, we meet Irfan- the manager of the restaurant - who was a delight. Taking much effort to ensure that our visit was enjoyable. The bill for 5 very hungry adults was less than $100 with tip- This restaurant might be worth the schlepp from Manhattan and is definitely worth a visit if you are in the neighborhood.
