The worst restaurant I ever went to! The lady at the counter (i don't know if she is the owner, waitress, or the hostess) was so rude. When I confronted her about her attitude, she told me she was mad at the cook. REALLY LADY??!!! You have internal issues and you treat your paying customers like garbage?? We got hummus (which was lacking any type of flavor) and left, I'm a big Middle Eastern food fan....I'll stick to Maumouns down the street which has awesome service and great food! Not surprised this place was empty on a very busy Sunday afternoon.
I've been to this place twice, as I'm not a huge Middle Eastern food aficionado. Both times I got the same dish (by accident actually) - the chicken sandwich. Yes, it doesn't scream Middle Eastern, but it was actually really tasty and only about 6 or 7 bucks. It was pretty big and filling, and the hot sauce (optional) was really tangy but not to the point where you can't taste your food.Both times I also had a little bit of my girlfriend's food ( I think once it was a gyro and the other I can't remember) - also pretty tasty. Server was pretty friendly too. Only downside is that they automatically charge tip. Very SoBe like, which we could have done without. But the prices are pretty fair.. most meals were $10 or under. I thing I'll go back and try a different sandwich soon. Solid 3 star place.
Great family owed and run business.. Best falafel I have ever had & the hummus is always freshly made! They have their own brand of sodas, black cherry is my favorite! I'm a fan of spice so I go for the "chicken tika" made with their home made hot sauce. I've eaten here my whole life and never been disappointed.. A must try!
Ordered this for lunch one day. I got the baba ganoush pita sandwich with a side of falafel. I actually liked the falafel better than the baba ganoush but i think its because i prefer hotter things in my pita rather than cold eggplant. BUT they were both still delicious and definitely filling. I also got a side of their hot sauce which was tang yet spicy (my fave). I would recommend this place for sure!
The worst restaurant I ever went to! The lady at the counter (i don't know if she is the owner, waitress, or the hostess) was so rude. When I confronted her about her attitude, she told me she was mad at the cook. REALLY LADY??!!! You have internal issues and you treat your paying customers like garbage?? We got hummus (which was lacking any type of flavor) and left, I'm a big Middle Eastern food fan....I'll stick to Maumouns down the street which has awesome service and great food! Not surprised this place was empty on a very busy Sunday afternoon.
I've been to this place twice, as I'm not a huge Middle Eastern food aficionado. Both times I got the same dish (by accident actually) - the chicken sandwich. Yes, it doesn't scream Middle Eastern, but it was actually really tasty and only about 6 or 7 bucks. It was pretty big and filling, and the hot sauce (optional) was really tangy but not to the point where you can't taste your food.Both times I also had a little bit of my girlfriend's food ( I think once it was a gyro and the other I can't remember) - also pretty tasty. Server was pretty friendly too. Only downside is that they automatically charge tip. Very SoBe like, which we could have done without. But the prices are pretty fair.. most meals were $10 or under. I thing I'll go back and try a different sandwich soon. Solid 3 star place.
Great family owed and run business.. Best falafel I have ever had & the hummus is always freshly made! They have their own brand of sodas, black cherry is my favorite! I'm a fan of spice so I go for the "chicken tika" made with their home made hot sauce. I've eaten here my whole life and never been disappointed.. A must try!
Ordered this for lunch one day. I got the baba ganoush pita sandwich with a side of falafel. I actually liked the falafel better than the baba ganoush but i think its because i prefer hotter things in my pita rather than cold eggplant. BUT they were both still delicious and definitely filling. I also got a side of their hot sauce which was tang yet spicy (my fave). I would recommend this place for sure!
We came in here today and we've been customers for 21 years today was the first time that we got crappy service and  overcharge I want to say the main reason for this was because the owner was not there. We went into the restaurant and the big lady was there. She had a nasty look on her face as always. The workers on the kitchen were very slow with getting our food. The one young man, I want to say he was the owners son was dressed in jeans and a third shirt was chilling and drinking beer when an untrained waiter was taking our order. Going back to the food, everyone we went there we order falafel sandwiches and the pita bread comes warm. Today they were cold  when we called the waiter and waitress over they started to argue with us saying they ate always served cold.  She finally offered to heat up the sandwiches as she was walking towards the kitchen made a smart remark to the other waiter. Also she was giving attitude and rolling her eyes at the kitchen staff. Another thing about the food was that as an appetizer they give warm pita breads on the side with butter and hot sauce. Today they have it to everyone else but our table.  When we asked for it she added a hummus appetizer to our bill. The service was very bad today and if the owner was there none of these things would be tolerated.  Lastly when the waiter came to give us ur bill he added an extra dollar to our bill. The hummus appetizer was 7 dollars on the menu but he wrote 8 dollars. This was the first time in 21 years I have seen this type of service. I can't wait to see the owner and tell him about my experience because he knows me personally.
Very good mediteranean food.  My boyfriend and i went here and had their falafel platter.  We were surprised to here it did not come with rice, so we ordered it on the side.  It was very yummy.  The platter comes with humus, light salad, falafel, and some hot pickled peppers.  I also had their kebbeh side.  Had i known i was only going to get 1 i would have ordered more.  It was delicious.  If you like mediteranean food i highly recommend this restaurant.  It is quite delicious.
With the onslaught of middle eastern restaurants in Hoboken over the last few months, it's easy to forgot the original that's been with us for so long.  I stopped by for a quick lunch one day this week, and ordered the vegetarian combo plate.  It was beyond good...it was great.  Some highlights:  The super fresh falafel was excellent, the baba ganoush was the best I've had, and the hummus was perfect.  Because it's rarely crowded, it's a great place to go with a few friends and a bottle of wine.
Very good- The hummus was spot on (isn't that one of the prerequisites to knowing you're at the right place?)  I don't hit the Mediterranean restaurant scene often, so it was fun eating here to mix it up.  Almost seemed like a fusion of a few cultures here as they have middle eastern & some greek dishes...like gyros (albeit, not lamb).  It's a BYOB- only beer and wine as we found out after bringing a bottle of Jack to mix into our ginger ales...(they let us drink it anyway, just had to keep the bottle on the low low).Last note:  this place has been in business for 35 years- now there's a statement verifying that the food is solid.
Review only for the hookah- Nope. Will never return. 25 bucks for hookah thats not even starbuzz,, what were they thinking!!! Mind u, we didn't get food, just hookah.The actual apparatus was so old that the nozzle was rusty.The plastic mouth pieces didnt fit the pipe properly and the hookah was so burnt, its because my bf is a hookah fanatic that he was able to fix it. Not coming back.
We just order chicken tika masala and side of falafel.  We are greatly disappointed.  I see why we don't come back here often and why the restaurant was empty. The owners need to wake up and realize they need to change.  Our chicken was dry, bland and covered up with tons of dry chili pepper.  The falafel was ok but small.  There is six small sizes of falafel the size of a dime.   Couldn't they spare the normal size for the price we paid.  I wished I could remember not to return here. This place left me hungry because the food was not edible. I couldn't even eat the rice.  It was hard and seasoned with tons of dry chili pepper too. This place is doomed.  It just hasn't yet gone out of business.  I support local businesses but not this one.
Family run cozy little place. Casual, inexpensive, BYOB and GOOD food.
Such a great BYOB place to go with friends. Food is AMAZING and portion sizes are huge. Relaxing and interesting atmosphere. There is definitely something for everyone here.Last time we went with 8 people (a few people shared entrees) and the bill was around $85.00?!?!?So unheard of in Hoboken.
Disgusting. Absolutely disgusting.I had an unwarmed lamb soup (microwave no working?) and my guest had a vegetarian meal. The hummus and baba ganoush were enough to make me sick later. (And by sick I mean throw up.) I didn't appreciate the putrid-like taste that apparently others enjoy.That being said the place seemed busy and was getting a lot of calls for delivery. Me -- I'll never go back -- maybe you'll like it?
I went here on a Saturday afternoon with a friend for lunch to just catch up and we found this place deep in Hoboken and decided to check it out.  I got to saw the decor is pretty to eat around but it is quite small place for my liking. I often like spacious places.I don't remember the food that I eat because it was just alright and it very forgettable disk for my taste but the baba gonoush was great for the opening of our meal.  We order the same disk twice because it was that good.  The pita was good also but I don't know if it was homemade or packaged.Pardon my spelling regarding any disk.
I don't get the hate for this place! I've never had issues with cleanliness here. I usually order the vegetarian grand combo and it's a huge tasty meal. They have whole wheat pita which is a plus. The hookah is fun, and the hostess/waitress is always so friendly.
In the past few years, I have begun to diversify my palate and have become more interested in ethnic cuisines.  I really like Middle Eastern food and was pleasantly surprised to find one of these restaurants right in my area...and especially one "celebrating its 25th anniversary"!  However, my friend and I were less than impressed with our meal.Let me first describe the environment.  Picture a quaint, intimate dining room with Middle Eastern accents.  Then, imagine a nice, but loud caretaker screaming into the phone regarding deliveries.  Oh, and do not forget the mysterious sound of microwaving coming from the open kitchen...neither of which added to the ambiance.  The cheesy paper takeout menus apparently also serve as dine-in menus, which might as well have entitled us to leave a lesser tip.  The cuisine offerings were a confusing mix of proteins served as sandwiches, open salads, or platters.  It was difficult to discern which type of meal included which sides.  The chatty manager was very helpful with the menu, though, and helped us settle on Ali Baba Combination.  This included our choice of 1 or 2 meat kebabs, hummus, baba ganoush, lettuce, onions, tomatoes, feta cheese, pickles, olives, peppers, and yellow rice.  My chicken kebabs were tender and decently tasty, though I suspected they had been nuked in the microwave.  The feta cheese was a bit slimy, and I only received one random chunk of it.  All in all the platter provided a lot of substance for the reasonable price under $15.  However, the hummus had an odd strong lemony taste, which my friend described as "soapy".  This should have been one of my favorite components on the platter, but instead turned me off.Like many restaurants in Hoboken, Ali Baba is a BYOB, which could be good or bad.Ali Baba has potential, but I think they need to focus a bit more on the quality of their food.
Being Lebanese, I'm probably a little tougher on a middle eastern place than I should be. I ordered the lamb platter. The baba and hummus are good, but I can make it better which is kind of a negative in my books (why pay someone else to do a worse job?) The lamb was very good and at $15 I had a good meal at a steal of a price in Hoboken.  Overall it seems like this place does killer take-out business and had extra room and thought "hey, how about throwing some tables and chairs in here?"
Great tasting homemade food run by a really great family. Much less stylish than the outside suggests but a comfortable laid back ambiance and quality meals.
Amazing food , great prices, large portions, good service .. all this at an affordable price!! Will definitely recommend to all Mediterranean food lovers
The company I work for had ordered take-out dinner here because we had to work late.  I had the kufta kebab (lamb) and it was just mediocre.  I think the white sauce was a cheese or cream sauce and it was really unappetizing as it was starting to flake/dry-out on the meat =(The only component of that dinner I liked was the baba ganoush (pardon my spelling).  The pita for the group of us came in its original packaging (6 pieces in some plastic bag with a twist tie) and it had just been taken out of the refridgerator.  A lot of my co-workers had a bad impression of Middle-Eastern food after that experience, but I encourage you to try other restaurants that serve the same cuisine.  I personally have and I've enjoyed Middle-Eastern cuisine elsewhere.
I love this place. The combo platters are great value for two people to share. It's tasty hot, fresh and authentic middle eastern. Have eaten here several times, service is always pleasant, helpful and speedy. I wouldl eat here more often if I lived closer, love the cute atmosphere, has a funky kind of vibe. Hummus is outstanding, the garlic chicken and lamb shwarma are to die for.Eat here, you won't be disappointed.
Good Mideastern food, but amazing service! Just went this evening and ordered a bunch of items, including the yogurt and cucumber salad. After we were served I realized that the yogurt could be unpasteurized, and being pregnant, knew I had to ask. Turns out that it wasn't (they even brought out the container to show me), so I politely didn't eat it, while my friend enjoyed. About 10 minutes later the waitress brought another bowl and said that her father (the chef) made me a new dish with yogurt that was pasteurized. SO incredibly thought and totally unnecessary. Definitely a small, family run business, and prides itself on taking care of its customers. Thanks Ali Baba! I will be back for sure!
After reading the previous yelper's comments about how this place charges their own gratuity, I had to call and find out for myself.Indeed it is true!A woman answered and when I asked "is it true that you charge gratuity on a party of 2?" she fumbled around and finally got out "well yes if there is a big party we do." and when I said "but what about for a party of 2?" she said "well it depends on how much you eat!" and that's when I said, "ok. i don't need to hear anymore."That is just crazy-town.Yelpers I wouldn't waste your time.
I just love this place. The food is very good, it is cheap, and BYOB.Also the staff is fun.It's not top notch, I wouldn't go to Ali Baba for my 10 year anniversary, but it's a great neighborhood restaurant.
Have eaten WAY BETTER mediterranean food from Paterson, NJ and from the city. This place is a joke compared to other restaurants. An its definitely way over priced. Will not come back here again. If you know about how this food should taste then you would agree. Service also sucks big time!!!
I have only ordered online from Ali Baba but it has become one of our go-to online ordering places.  The food comes very quickly, its reasonably priced, large portions and very tasty.
Great tasteting food in a family run set up.
The food is definitely delicious. The only problem I had with it was the wait time on food, but the place was packed when we walked in with a group of eight, and it was a Sunday afternoon, so it's understandable. Enjoy! Try the cinnamon tea.
Didn't get to eat here and honestly afraid to now because of the cleanliness issues I'm reading about. However, only Hookah spot in Hoboken and BYOB - gotta love that for pregaming before the city.
I have ordered a bunch of times on seamless since my last review.  The issues seem to be completely gone. Fast, delicious, and always pay attention to the extra comments for extra yogurt sauce!
My wife and I go to a lot of Middle Eastern restaurants, and this is by far the best we've been to. The vegetarian grand combo was amazing in every detail. The staff were all very pleasant, too. One poster here has commented that the tables seemed like an afterthought in a take-out business, but I did not feel that at all... the decor, atmosphere, and spacing of tables all added to the experience. We look forward to going back.
I've been here a number of times and haven't been disappointed yet. The food is great and the staff is super nice.
The food is amazing.  There's nothing I've had here that didn't rate highly with me or friends.  Moussaka - killer.  My favorite is the lamb curry platter.  It's a different curry, one that traditional curry lovers will like, and even curry haters would like.Open with hummus or baba, they're both excellent here, and I love the way they toast the pita bread for dipping.Have the turkish coffee with desert before leaving.  It is made perfectly (complete with sludge at the bottom), and just the right amount of sweetness.  The baklava is pretty good.  Ok, I've had better elsewhere, but it's still good, and probably the only thing on the menu that isn't the best in the area.Even the gyros are good here!  They measure up to any others I've had outside of a tiny joint on 58th and 9th that's no longer there.So if the food is so outstanding, why only four stars?Well, it's the service.  But read on.  The staff there is actually terrific, the problem is just that when the place is busy, there are far too few of them.  The waitress I've seen there most often completely busts her butt and always has a great attitude.  But there's only one of her, and she's human.I feel a little bad rating it down one star for service when the staff really does try hard, but owner should try to anticipate and handle busy periods more effectively.Definitely eat here - if you like Mediterranean (incl Moroccan, Greek, Turkish), you will not be disappointed!
I come here often for lunch and I love the place. The sandwiches are fantastic and the service friendly.
this place is okay looking, its kinda small the food is good and zagat rated. would def come back again..
We had a nice meal at this intimate family-run spot last night.  I found the service and the food were both quite good.  We shared a large plate of grilled vegetables (onions, peppers, zucchini, mushrooms, tomatoes and eggplant), smothered in a delicious sauce that had a tangy BBQ flavor.  The Ony's Meatless combo is a sampler of standard Middle Eastern fare. The baba ganoush and hummus had fresh flavors with the right balance of garlic, lemon and seasoning. Much better than any store bought versions I've tried.   The falafels were crispy outside, tender inside.  The Speecha pie was a bit like a pizza with meat, peppers and onions on a flat pita with no cheese.  There are plenty of options for vegetarians, though I would have liked a fish or shrimp skewer option. The staff was attentive, polite and helpful. The menu does say they charge a 15-20% gratuity on checks over $50. BYOB, which is common in Hoboken.  They do not accept Amex, if you care.
the only place selling lahmajun.. aka meat pie! def recommend it... awesome! great service as well..very casual
If you go before 5pm, you will probably be the only guests which means you get SPOILED by the cook and waitress even more than normal. I love the food here and the cook (owner) is super cool. Very friendly and accommodating. Fresh squeezed OJ, fresh falafel's, whole wheat pita bread served warm with fresh hummus- super yummy. An oasis on Washington street.
So many things to love about Ali Baba:*Very friendly staff*BYO*Tasty food at reasonable pricesWent this Saturday night and got the Grand Combo. For $17 I got 3 different meats along with hummus, baba ganoush, and rice. I got 2 days worth of meat and it was all great.Good spot for good food at good prices and a relaxing evening.
Horrible! The meat smelt funny and service was average. The food was not what we expected at all. The rice was mushy and presentation was very disappointing. We ordered a platter Everything was thrown on one plate. The chicken/lamb/ beef/ gyro was piled on top of each other an we had to pick thru to figure out which was what!!!Very disappointing, My husband who can't get enough of kebabs on a norm, left more then half his meal because he couldn't stand the strange smell.
Just had dinner here tonight and the food was authentic and amazing! Service was outstanding. Also, it's BYOB which makes for a great atmosphere.
Went there tonight, not very crowded. The service was very quick and the food was absolutely delicious. The prices were reasonable and the portions were large. There is enough leftovers for lunch tomorrow. What I found to be really great was the chef (who may also be the owner, I'm not really sure) came out after our meal and asked us about it. He invited us to come back and I cannot wait to do so. They seem to treat all their customers like family. What tops it off...it's a BYOB!
Food variety is more than Mamoun's.Food quality is less than Mamoun's.Prices are much higher than Mamoun's.Enormous main course plates.I've been to Ali Baba twice and both were a disappointment. Their greek salad is one of the worst with tiny pieces of cheese, vinegar as dressing and all kinds of greens placed in layers on a plate. Shish lamb kebab was so chewy that I gave up on it. Baba Ganoush had large chunks of eggplant that were poorly cut. Hummus was tasteless. And the basmati rice had no texture, more like cemented together. Meals were accompanied by warm pita bread. Their so called stew made daily by the chef had very little meat, mostly veggies.The food is certainly not worth the price tag and the place looks a bit run down, not clean.Not coming back.
This is place is bring-your-own-bottle AND has the friendliest serving staff. Ever.We got the falafel, which was not the best falafel I've had. They made the pieces really small so that they were mostly crispy and fried and didn't have much soft fluffy center. I prefer falafel to be large with a soft herby inside. We also tried the dolma (stuffed grape leaves), delicious and tabouli. As an entree we shared the steak, which was grilled and juicy and came with grilled vegetables and delicious rice.Atmosphere is nice and they leave you be. On our way out the waiter even asked for our email address to add us to their mailing list which notifies customers of special events with belly dancers!
Still as satisfying as when I first visited them in 2012. Hospitable service, BYOB, tasty and still a nice change from the typical area's fare. Wish they delivered to me!
went here once. I felt like they didn't really try. the food was greasy and all kind of tasted the same. it was also COMPLETELY empty. I think this place needs a modern makeover to the decor and menu
Picked up a gyro sandwich and a gyro platterIt was good and we do take out every other week, so we keep going back but nothing specialPita is not homemade, can't be mistaken when they give it to you in the manufactures bagHummus may be homemade, I just don't know
I eat here at least once a week.This is the only restaurant I will miss when I leave Hoboken.As such, if you can only try one restaurant in the mile square city, this has to be the one.
Came here with a living social deal - really good food with giant portions. I would definitely go again - and BYOB is always a plus!  I got delivery from here once, and my order was mixed up.  They brought me my new order and did not charge or want the food back.  They have great service and care for their patrons.  I think this place is one of the better independently owned restaurants around here.  I always get the lamb with rice.    *Enjoy*
I've been eating at this restaurant for many years. Sorry I never gave it a review before. When I lived in Hoboken it was my "go to" place. Always excellent and always very friendly. Stopped in recently and it was like coming home. Ali Baba got me hooked on middle eastern food. I go out of my way to eat here. Excellent choice for fresh take out food. Another reviewer mentioned that Ali Baba has been in Hoboken for 30 years and yes, that really means something in Hoboken where restaurants open and close constantly.
This has been the go to spot for me and my very good friend to eat and catch up. The menu is definitely a blend of mediterranean and middle eastern foods. My friend, who is from Lebanon, says the mid-eastern dishes are pretty authentic and Palestinian style. The hummus and baba is very good and I always order the kufta platter.
Generally the food is really good. I love how the sauces on the side of the platters are so tasty! I ordered a chicken tikka platter, I was fasting and hungry so it tasted good to me. The price however,  is a bit too high. The place is very decent snd they have dim lighting.  The manager is really nice himself and the waitress was on top of her job. Overall good experience but might not go here soon cause of the pricing. ..
Lovely ambience, friendly staff and Amazing food!! My husband went "ummmmmm" over his Sahara Chicken!!
My friends and I went there about several weeks ago. The food is good however, the pricing is a bit too high for the food that is provided. They were really nice to us and the waitress was super cheerful. It was a great environment.
Authentic Turkish cuisine! Had the kafka platter and the mussaka. Huge portions, great for sharing. Homemade dessert and Turkish coffee to finish the meal. Will definitely come back.
Waitress was very friendly. Excellent service. Went for lunch on a Sunday and food was delicious. Ordered kufta platter, and Greek salad which were both large portions. Wasn't loud or crowded. Would definitely go back.
Love this place!  Best hummus ever.  Try the chicken tikka rice platter--so delicious and spicy.  Also, delicious veggie salad comes on all the open sandwiches.Abe is amazing.
Got here at 11:45 AM on a Saturday with my whole family. Website said they open at 11 am and their front door was wide open with no closed sign or anything. The second I walk in the lady starts yelling at me that they're closed because the cook isn't there. Thanks.
Delish!!!!!!!  Hummus was yummy, meat was tender. Lots of pita and yogurt dip  :)
Great service and food it's been around since 1983 so that counts for something. It's a local town favorite and offers healthy varieties. I recommend it to everyone. Same owner/chef it's been in the same family since it opened. Chef uses all special and fresh ingredients from the Middle East try the Turkish coffee and the grill mix for two. Appetizers are divine from hummus to tabouleh and yummy eggplant dip. Im a regular here and this is one of the few places I trust to get consistency.
My fiance and I came here on a Friday night and loved it. The staff/owner were so pleasant and the food was fantastic! Can't wait to go back.
Love love love Ali Baba. I come to Hoboken just to eat here, and never go anywhere else. My favorite platter is the gyro, but everything is delicious. Fresh meat, good portions and such authentic flavor. There's a reason they've been around for decades. You're stomach is going to thank you!
I don't remember his name, but the service was outstanding. Food was delicious too and we didn't have to wait long after we placed our order. I will definitely go back and recommend to my friends.
I called, they answered, they hung up after making me wait, pretty rude, was not happy want to try it though
I don't eat Indian food often, but when I do, I choose Ali Baba.I have eaten here a few times and never have been disappointed.  I always start off with naan bread and typically someone at my table orders chicken tikkamassala.  From there the menu choices can go anywhere.  I prefer the lamb but they also have goat items too!  The prices are affordable and you get a lot of food with each serving.Not bad, especially within walking distance!
This small Middle Eastern restaurant can pack a punch! Amazing grilled chicken platter with rice, salad and pita bread. The staff (maybe the owner and his wife?) were very hospitable and have great energy. Great atmosphere. Fun upbeat music. Very tasty. I will be back!
Amazing authentic arab food, taste like home! Restaurant is a must go to place! I had the chicken and coucous and my fiance had the Sahara chicken, amazing dishes!! You will definitely leave feeling full and with smiles as the staff just adds to the greatness of the place.
Best Falafel in Hoboken, NJ! Hands down!Ali Baba has truly amazing food! Owner and Chef, Abe, puts love and tradition into all of his dishes, which you can taste! Great sized portions and lots of dishes to chose from! The staff is friendly and attentive; you are treated like family. A very warm, inviting environment.If you need to warm up in the winter months or overcoming a cold, you must try the chicken soup!
My favorite place in Hoboken. The food is healthy, inexpensive, and plentiful. For a real deal get one of the rice platters. The setting is comfortable. The owner, who is also the chief chef, makes customers feel like they're at home. He is joined by the head waitress Jackie, who is affable and friendly.
I've been eating at Ali Baba for 5 years - they are the best middle eastern restaurant in Hoboken!  Their food is always fresh, their prices are reasonable, and they have great choices for my vegetarian wife.  They have great lunch specials - $3 falafels!  They've also added some really great specials, including the highest quality shawarma I've ever had.  Favorite dishes: - Fatoosh salad- Falafel - Chicken kabobs - Shawarma (on special sometimes)
Great food. Very reasonable prices. Very humble owner/staff. My girlfriend and I were here yesterday had lamb chops and lamb kabob with rice and salad and humus and cuscus and pita and yogurt. I think that was everything and for dessert we had baklava and tea with honey. Will be back for sure.
Been in business for over 30 years and that speaks high volumes in this town!  Everything is fresh and made to order and they certainly do not skimp. Hummus to-go is served with an entire bag of toufoyan pita..yes a bag!  My favorite is the chicken tikka platter and the babganoush.  It's usually on the quiet side with some cool middle eastern music playing and it's BYOB.  Great place for a casual dinner or date night!
Perhaps some of the best food in Hoboken!We went there on Saturday night around 8pm. The staff was super friendly and attentive from the minute we walked in to the time we left.We started with an order of their tabooly, falafels, and baba ganoush to go along with the warm basket of pita that was brought out. The tabooly was to die for, it had just the right amount of parsley and lemon absolutely delicious. The falafels were like mini falafels that has an awesome crunch with each bite. The baba ganoush is by far the best baba ganoush I have ever eaten. For our main course we shared the combination of chicken, lamb, gyro, and kufta served with rice platter. It was completely amazing, everything was cooked to perfection. We opted for lentil rice, which was delicious and our meats were also servers with Yogurt Cucumber salad, hummus, and baba ganoush. The only reason I won't give this place a 5 start rating is because the kufta was served with some kind of BBQ or A1 like sauce on the bottom and it was so not necessary! The kufta was awesome all on its own.We will definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu here. Our only regret is not walking into this place sooner!If you love middle eastern food, you'll love this place!
I've been coming to this restaurant since I was a kid.I haven't been disappointed at all.Everything here is GOOD.From the lamb,tabooly and the hummus especially.They have the best hummus that I have ever tasted.For people to put the hummus in this place down are the one's who don't know what hummus is!!! If you want untraditional hummus that lacks taste go to mamoun's.The service has always been great.So if you want traditional middle eastern food at its best,I suggest you come to Ali Baba.
I just went this afternoon and it was delishous. I've never really had this type of food before. I got the lunch special which consisted of a choice of meat (I got gyro meat) a small salad and a choice of rice. It was prepared quickly and had excellent flavor overall. The atmosphere was interesting with all assortments of decorations lining the walls. I would definitely go again.
I have never, EVER been so disappointed by a restaurant that I've tried with a promotional coupon. I would like to note, first of all, that as soon as we walked in the restaurant, we were bum-rushed by the waitresses regarding whether we had purchased a Living Social deal. We disclosed that we had, but the sub-mediocrity that followed makes me suspicious that they served us smaller, crappier portions BECAUSE they already knew that we weren't paying full price for the meal???Now, if I am at a restaurant in the New York metropolitan area, and I have to reach across the table for the salt to flavor my meal, I just can't help but feel embarrassed; both for myself, and for the restaurant's chef. At Ali Baba, the curry lamb stew, to my dismay, was absolutely tasteless, and I couldn't choke it down without the addition of salt AND pepper. It was served with a side of unremarkable lentil fried rice. The mousaka was not as terrible as the stew, but it wasn't really that good, either. The portions of both dishes were inappropriately small. Even the dressing on the Greek side salad was way under-seasoned. We ended up leaving so dissatisfied with our dinner that we headed directly to Mamoun's for shawarma immediately upon exiting the restaurant. Mamoun's was reliably tasty, yet we ate it quickly, and out of anger, for our previous experience at Ali Baba.
I wanted to like this place -- a good friend used to live in the apartment below it, and I was always curious and it seemed to smell good.  Went there for lunch today.  The pita was burnt, and the kebab came with a sort of non-Middle-Eastern BBQ sauce that tasted like it was from Burger King.  Other than that, the food was merely OK.  Service was friendly and quick, which is why it gets two stars.I'm sticking with the Turkish places on 2nd Ave. or Black Iris in Fort Greene from now on.
Awesome moussaka. Always fresh, comes with plenty of pita and a delicious side salad. Feels like grandmother's cooking if your granny was Turkish and spent her whole life lovingly cooking for little brats like you.They also make their own root beer inhouse.
Jackie and Abraham are such genuine and welcoming people, I feel better even before I order. The shrimp with couscous special was so flavorful, with a roasty grilled char in the shrimp and subtle herbs and vegetables in the broth it came in. The hearty portion of perfectly made couscous made this almkst more than I could eat--almost ; ).
Arrived 15 minutes before closing. They told us kitchen was closed while the food was still coming out!! Rude!! Left the place. Only went because I was hungry
Great middle eastern place to eat in or takeout. Order from there often - good food, reliable and on time, and friendly service. The owner is often there too and is always welcoming and accommodating for any food requests. Highly  recommended
I love their babaganoush here! They give you so much and I find that I just eat it without any pita. Speaking of pita-- they give you a WHOLE PACKAGE so you end up having a leftover too! The Greek salad is a good size and they give you a good piece of feta as well.
We ordered two chicken tikka sandwiches and drinks and took the food to the waterfront and had a nice time. The online ordering system was super easy and the food was ready when we arrived. In the past, I have sat in the restaurant for dinners and found it to be an enjoyable experience. The workers are very nice and helpful. The food tastes fresh and is delicious!
Great chef and waitress. So friendly. The interior is very mideterrean like. We had tubouli, hummus and lamb.
Sadly I can't even rate the food. I placed an order at 7:50 with estimated delivery at 8:35, at 8:53 I got an update that they are running behind and it will arrive in about 1 hour. The point of ordering out was so it's quick since I came home late and hungry not in  he mood to cook. I ended up ordering from another place and food already arrived as I am still waiting for Ali Baba. Maybe in person I will stop by if food will end up being good but delivery is beyond bad.
They make you feel at home.  Always fresh cuts of meat, the lamb is so incredible tender, virtually no chewing required.  All the meals are so tasty and fresh.  No frozen here.Ask about the fish on Fridays, what a treat and the shrimps are colossal.  Great every time.
Something happened to this place since we first came in back in February, back when the food was good.  On our recent visit our meals were fairly tasteless and the 'mint lemonade' clearly from a Chrystal Lite type powder with a sprig of mint thrown in.  I think it must have changed owners and the new people are less Middle Eastern and more Eastern European.
Great place. My wife and I went here for the first time and we are hooked. The grilled chicken sandwich with the cucumber sauce and the hummus are great.
Great for a vegetarian. Falafel has a great bite from jalapeño. Veggie soup is a gift - chock full of butternut squash and carrots and the most sweet, flavorful broth. Grape leaves were nicely spiced. As a vegetarian, I rarely feel indulged - this was absolutely an indulging meal!
Nice ambience, good service. About average food - the chicken tikka sandwich was fresh and reminiscent of a souvlaki. The falafel sandwich was about average. The spinach pie is nice and worth a shot (fresh baked bread stuffed with spinach, lime and spices) and the mint lemonade was refreshing.
Came here on a Monday night in search of good Mediterranean/Middle-Eastern food. The Greek salad is fresh and delicious. I really enjoyed the kafta kabobs. Saffron rice is flavored well, too. They give you plenty of pitas with what you order and there was enough food for me to take my vegetables home. Portions are generous and the food is always fresh. I'll be coming back here, particularly since the people who run it are conscientious and committed to delivering high-quality food.
Confused, Tasteless, and BlandIm normally a fan of Mediterranean food. But this is the most tasteless bland food ever. It bills itself as Arab in its decor and theme. However menu has indian food and its arab food is served with tzaziki sauce which is greek. The chicken is barely seasoned. Borders on tasting like hospital food. It is overpriced slightly but all in all its totally confused and ends up coming out terrible. Its neither arab, nor indian, not greek. A good point however is service. The proprietors are really friendly and attentive
It's great getting some of the best meze plates in Hoboken from some of the nicest people in Hoboken. The food is delicious and Ibrahim, the owner, was so thoughtful when it came to the care of me and my guests, it reminded me of a time I thought long gone when business owners themselves took pride in what they did, and made sure that you were looked after. My new best favorite!
Been going to this place since I was a kid. Chicken kababs are the same. Felt good to be home after a long time. Still frying up falafels a on a basic stove, love it! Owners are the same and awesome people all around. If u r in the mood for a mom/pop experience in middle eastern food, I def recommend you check them out. It's all about the food here!
Amazing food, hospitality, and service. Abraham, the owner, was more than hospitable, it felt like he welcoming us into his home for a family meal. The baba ganoush is the best I've ever had. The meats are prime cut and so flavorful. The 40 thieves grill is more than enough for 2 people and an excellent choice if you want to taste a little bit of everything. Overall a great experience.
Stumbled in on a random Monday night and am super happy we did because it was delicious.The meat is well seasoned and delicious. The hummus and baba and yogurt were all AMAZING!And another plus is Jacky the server... She is just wonderful and the Chef was very sweet as well. We felt right at home in this restaurant, and you gotta love that!Wonderful place! We will be back!
Disgusting.  Everything heated up in the microwave.  Meat tastes like rubber- foul smelling.  Over seasoned.  The cook put her finger in the rice to check the temperature... Yes without gloves!!!!!  Definitely not Turkish.  Not fresh food.  Horrible flavor.  The whole place smells musty.  We ordered all this food and could not even eat it- leaving hungry and disappointed.  And still paid for our drinks. Do not go here!!!
Have been eating at Ali Babas since I was a little kid and it's always been one of my favorites! Great food and super affordable. The falafel are my go-to.
I was glad to finally walk into this place after living in Hoboken for so many years.  They had a few dishes I like and you can't find them much in Hoboken. I guess what really pushed this place over the top for me was the friendly owner and staff.
I was here over the weekend for a friend's bday dinner. My friend has eaten here before and loves the place because it's a small intimate restaurant with good food and BYOB. Although many reviews have praised this restaurant, I would have to give it only a three star review. A table was reserved under my friend's name as it was a surprise birthday party. Our fault was we got there an hour late, but the staff was generous enough to hold the tables for us. Our waitress was a good sport and very patient with taking about 10 people's orders. My fiancé and I ordered the chicken smothered platter and loved it. Their portions are a good size so sharing is suggested. I can't say the food was the best but it was good. Some of the chicken I tasted in my dish tasted different. You know when you can tell what's real chicken and what's packaged chicken you can get at the supermarket? That's what I felt like I was tasting. The sauce the chicken was 'smothered' in was delicious along with the onion flavoring and rice on the side. My only disappointment was the difference in texture when it came to my platter. I did not complain about this as it was nearing the end of the night and the restaurant was about to close. My group were the last to leave the restaurant and the staff did not kick us out. They waited patiently for each of us to leave and couldn't blame them for vacuuming once it was nearing 1130pm. I took two stars off for my chicken platter because the rest of the food was amazing. I would recommend others to try this restaurant, keeping in mind the time of when the restaurant closes. Although my chicken felt different, I would recommend the chicken smothered platter because of the sauce the chicken is drenched in.
THE BEST OF THE BEST on all levels (quality of food, facilities, staff, and especially the owners!)
This place is excellent. I've been coming here for years. Any trip to Hoboken without stopping by here is really a disservice to oneself. The food is wholesome, the service is unrivaled, and the experience will leave you anticipating your next visit.
Best middle eastern restaurant in hoboken no doubt about that. Owner is such a nice guy very kind and such a great chef. We love the tabbouleh there always fresh and yummy also his falafel is the best in town, he does it the right way . Authentic, fresh and delicious go try !
1. Delivery guy was as nice as they come 2. The lamb stew is delicious. 3. The portion is huge with plenty of lamb 4. Both the bread and the salad that the meal comes with are fresh and taste great. I'm just sorry it took me so long to order from here but I'm Middle Eastern so I'm very picky when it comes to "home" food but I'm very satisfied!
I  *really* want to like this place, but their food is terrible. I've lived around the corner for 6 years, and every 6 months ago I go back to try a different dish or to give them another chance. My husband keeps questioning why I go back!I'm Middle Eastern and really enjoy looking for new Mid-East & Mediterranean restaurants to frequent. I'm not necessarily looking for an "authentic" experience - I just want a delicious one. * The kebabs are so dry. And served with BBQ sauce??? Weird. I think the BBQ sauce is to disguise the often burnt meat I get :/* Their rice is bland. And I can sit at home and eat plain white rice so this is saying something.* I have never tried the dessert - usually I leave my food untouched and leave as quickly as possible.I brought my parents once, and they literally spit the food out of their mouths. I have never seen them do that before in my life. The servers at the restaurant seem nice, which is why i'm giving 2 stars instead of 1. But seriously.  The food? Nope.
Love this place! We were the only couple in the restaurant ( guess everyone was at the shore) but I must say it was a beautiful experience.  The food was hot, food digested well and taste great. The owner came out and had a chat with us after our meal.  Truly felt like family. The desert and Turkish coffee was amazing. Do yourself a favor ask the server for recommendations before ordering. They are expanding the menu and I was pleased with the one of the new dishes they have on the horizon.
Awesome middle eastern food at great prices. Plenty of room to sit, great customer service, clean environment. I eat here at least once a week. Great variety too, I can come and get a quick $7 sandwich, or get a more elaborate platter for under $20. Desserts are awesome too. I almost always have food to take home too!
I love this place. They're food is fresh, clearly homemade, reasonably priced, and DELICIOUS!
Great food. Big portions. Love the background music. Fast service. The owner is very nice and sociable.  We came here on a whim on a Saturday and we were very pleased. We left feeling satisfied and full.
This is the tastiest and most authentic food in Hoboken! It's perfect in all aspects- flavor, quantity, ambience, and price. And I have to mention the staff..they're the sweetest and friendliest people I've met in a restaurant! They make you feel like you're part of the family. If this restaurant were located somewhere in midtown Hoboken, it would be packed 24x7. But I'm not complaining!
I recently Are used Ali Baba for a lunch  catering order (pick up not delivery) The service was incredible as they were able to help me craft a menu for seven people and have it prepared for 11:30 AM. They helped me set the menu up the night before and called me in the morning at 11:15 to let me know it would be ready in just a few minutes. They also followed up after to make sure everything was to my liking. thanks so much!Service = 5 starWe ordered salmon with grilled vegetables, chicken kebabs, shrimp and rice a Greek salad. We also I had couscous, rice,  yogurt dipping sauce and a red pepper spicy sauce for the chicken.. And tons of pita! My customers were very impressed with both the taste and the selection of food as it was all flavorful and healthy! Food= 5 star I would certainly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for Mediterranean-style/ middle eastern food and will order again!
We had a take out dinner, it was 40 thieves mixed grilled for 2 and moussaka. the food was delicious! The meat was nicely seasoned and perfectly cooked. moussaka was great. Food was accompanied with plenty of salad /w feta. Only down point was the rice. But its very hard to satisfy a south asian with a rice item.
Awful.  The whole restaurant was smoky with a burning oil smell.  The lamb curry "stew" was more like a soup; everything was in a brown broth not a sauce.  Corn in lamb curry?  Disgusting.  Could not taste any curry, it had no flavor. When we got home our clothes smelled like burnt oil.  NEVER AGAIN.  DO NOT GO.
3.5 run of the mill Middle Eastern place. Don't get me wrong- I liked this place. The staff is so friendly and attentive. The food doesn't isn't out of this world but its a good staple place for your falafel fix, or for healthy grilled chicken in a pita, etc. It was pretty empty at noon on a Sat and while its not a spacious restaurants, it's a good size for a small group. The menu offers quite a lot- from grilled meat to veg only platters. I ordered the Ony veg platter which was babaganoush,(yummy!)  hummus, falafel (small), homemade grape leaves with aromatic wild rice (very yummy). and lots of salad, olives, pickle and hot peppers. It's really a lot of food for $13.My dad had the grilled chicken tikka open face sandwich with yogurt sauce, which came with pickles and salad. The chicken tikka was a nice smoky flavor but still tender. My mom had the Sahara chicken which was whole grilled chicken breast with really fresh grilled veggies (zucchini mostly). These were in the $12 range- only thing Is that  my mom said her chicken tasted too charcoal-y, you need to really like that charred taste (I do)One more thing to note is that the portions are huge here. So come hungry.  Like I said, good homey Middle Eastern-  but nothing to run home about, nothing complex.  Id def eat here again though. Its just what you'd expect when you crave kebabs and the like
Tripped upon this place with my son. Food and service were great. Their lamb and gyro meat were delish.
Ali Ba Ba is a fantastic secret Hoboken spot. The chef/owner makes traditional dishes that bring culture to Washington street. The tikka masala platter is a "not to be missed" dish for anyone who loves spicy food. The moussaka is flavorful and delicious. I highly suggest that you do not miss the Honey Cake for dessert. This family owned restaurant has a whole lot of heart and spirit in Hoboken, and you will walk away feeling satisfied with the middle eastern cuisine.
Really wanted to like this food. Recently moved here from Abu Dhabi and have been craving good middle eastern food. This doesn't even come close. Meat was dry, rice tasted strange, tabouleh tasted nothing like it should (so bland and very little parsley) and the hummus was bland as well. Definitely wouldn't eat this again! Hopefully mahmoun falafel is better. 2 stars is given only because the owner is really nice.
Don't let he quiet nature of this place deceive you, they are pretty busy with takeout orders due to the awesomeness of  their  food.  We ordered the Vegetarian Plate along with some chicken tandoori and were treated to a mouthwatering barrage of flavor.   I went to school in town and get back often and will certainly make this a regular stop.  One of or truly favorite Mediterranean places at a very reasonable price.
My boyfriend and I came to Ali Babas last night in search of something different to our usual Italian places of choice. Being originally from England, where middle eastern food is not only extremely popular, but as authentic as you can get (unless you're in the actual country eating it!) I had pretty high expectations. Safe to say this place was outstanding. The food was delicious, fresh and full of the amazing middle eastern flavours you'd expect. The value for money was excellent, especially for Hoboken. We sampled a few of the specialities and enjoyed every single one. The stuffed grape leaves were second to none. The place is also BYO which is another huge plus if you're looking for a cheaper way to dine out. Our server, Miguel, made our experience unforgettable, he was so attentive and we loved talking to him, he was a natural. I will definitely be back to Ali Baba, it's one of the best meals I've had in Hoboken!
First time, spur of the moment dinner and was so lucky we decided on this place. Abraham and Jacky were so nice and the lamb kebabs were delicious! They even offered us a complimentary coffee and mint tea after dinner- felt like we were visiting family and, like home, we'll be visiting often.
The Falafel and Grill Mix were AWESOME!! It was just enough to feed two people...  Most importantly, the service was one of a kind!! The staff were extremely attentive and warm which made the dining experience that much more "homey" like you were part of the family.  Hands down, our most favorite restaurant to go to in the area!!!
Fantastic Middle Eastern cuisine in the heart of Hoboken. Delicious authentic hummus, tebouleh, falafel, gyros, stuffed grape leaves and so much more served with fresh vegetables and flavorful sauces. The owner is a kind, friendly gentleman who takes great pride in his cooking. The servers are absolutely delightful. We can't wait to return to sample more of their authentic delicacies.
Hands down or favorite place to eat in Hoboken.With my wife being of middle eastern decent we've looked far and wide to find places that are doing middle eastern cuisine right and Ali Baba is such a place.Weather we were eating in or ordering out the food and service was always nothing less then top notch.
I loved everything in this place the food is perfect they also treat  people as a family
Delicious. Friendly atmosphere. The chef is funny and creates a great experience. Our family has been coming here for years and it's a Hoboken main stay. For fresh, authentic middle eastern food this if your place. And it's BYOB!
Jackie our server was very personal and charismatic. Abraham the owner cares very deeply about his food. The food was great I had the vegetable cous cous and the hummus! Definitely coming back soon!
I've been looking for a restaurant like this for a while. The food is phenomenal and the service is great. Recommend the falafel, baba ganoush, lamb kabob, and fried kibby. The music enhanced the experience and made it a great place to enjoy some food and have a great conversation. Will be going there regularly.
Great flavored food, service is nice, but make sure you come early because otherwise ....... Anyways food was delish & it's BYOB.
We were walking and ran into Ali Baba and decided to give it a try. The minute we walked in we felt like home. The super-friendly owner greeted us and quickly arranged a table to accommodate all 12 of us. We ordered several different plates so we could try out a variety of food and EVERY SINGLE PLATE was spectacular. Such great food, reminding us all of home. We were also in luck because the owner had just made a signature "basboosa" with peaches that had only come out of the oven minutes before we entered. It tasted like a bit of heaven.Will happily go back!Try the Arab Spring dish - you will not regret it!
I really wanted to love this place, as it continues to be surprisingly difficult to find good mediterranean food in Hoboken.  The people who work here are incredibly attentive and sweet, you feel like a guest in their home.  The decor could probably use an update, but I take it that they have a large take-out/delivery following.   As far as the food goes, the highlight of the the meal was definitely the chicken --- the Sahara chicken was juicy and deliciously seasoned.  Otherwise, the other items we ordered were rather bland: the salad, the rice, and the humus.  It was reasonably priced, so the meal wasn't overly disappointing.
Yummy.I had the yogurt cucumber salad and the shawarma platter.The portions are generous and the price is reasonable for the quantity.Everything was well prepared and when I asked if they had Ayran (yogurt drink) they said no but they could make it and it was great.Staff was friendly food was good definitely recommend the place.
My fiancé and I seriously love Mediterranean food and found this place randomly on a Friday night. We split a Gyro sandwich, with hot sauce and Tzatziki sauce, and a vegetarian platter. It was awesome. We split a Turkish coffee too, which was my first and won't be my last. The atmosphere was good; we were the only ones in there at first but a few tables trickled in eventually. I think we were just really early for a crowd (there around 6ish). It was reasonably priced, delicious and the services was great!!
Everything is fresh and homemade and you can tell! Best Tzatziki sauce I've ever had. The homemade yogurt made all the difference. We even brought some home with us. We started with hummus, which was creamy and perfect. We both commented on how delicious the olive oil on top was. Then, I got the lamb kabobs and my boyfriend got the beef gyro. Both came with a greek salad we loved. We shared a piece of baklava at the end (don't miss this!!) Both of us left completely satisfied and wanting more. Things we'll try next time: falafel, baba ganoush and house made rootbeer!Definitely will be going back and highly recommend.
I have been eating at Ali Baba's for over 15 years.  The portions are abundant; the choices varied; the staff super-friendly and attentive; and the tastes and flavors excellent representations of the cuisine.  For me, Ibby's chicken soup is an elixir of good health.  After running the NYC marathon, the first thing I requested was two orders of the soup to help with my recovery.  It is just fabulous!
Excellent food and service. We liked the falafel kebab and chicken tandoori hummus grape leaves.  Definitely will come back again
Walked by and decided to stop in on a Monday night. The place was virtually empty so we had very attentive service. The menu was very expansive with quite a few unique dishes. Unfortunately, I wasn't feeling too adventurous that night so I just ended up ordering a lamb kabob sandwich with cucumber yogurt sauce and shared a side of falafel, which comes with tahini sauce. Lamb Kabob Sandwich ($9.50): From what the waitress told me, the only difference between the sandwich and the open face sandwich is that the latter comes with more meat. The lamb was cooked very well and was very tender, the pita bread was warm and fluffy. My only qualm is that it came with red bell peppers, which I'm not a fan of and was not listed on the ingredients list. I also requested a side of hot sauce, which was more of a spicy chili oil. While I personally love spicy chili oil, it didn't taste like it was something normally paired with this type of cuisine. Falafel Side Order ($4): Comes with 6 small falafel balls. They were perfectly fried and had a subtle crunch. On point, though I imagine its not too difficult to mess up falafel. My friend had ordered the vegetable skewer ($11.50), which ended up being a plate of grilled and sauteed vegetables drowned in BBQ sauce. She said it definitely didn't go well with what she expected to be a light, healthy dish. My knowledge of Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food doesn't go far past the standard falafel, hummus, and Mamouns, but I would say Ali Baba did not seem to be the most authentic place. Overall, its probably just an okay place to stop at, primarily because of all the options they have to offer.
These guys are Listeners. Tell them what you're imaging and they can make it (place wasn't busy during the weekday lunch). Had exactly what I was craving and hit the spot; see picture. Not over priced, and comparably a great deal for Hoboken. Best part was the customer experience focused service.  Couldn't finish more than half of the food they gave me- taking it home for dinner. 12 bucks for lunch and dinner? That's a deal.
