So from once you open the door your are greeted. So that's already a good start. They have different selections not a huge amount but enough to make you think twice should I get this or that ? Hmmm I chose the Asian scallion infused rice. ( it's the green one) don't worry it's delicious. I got the chicken and veggies. Next time I will add eggplant. Everything was nice and clean. Definitely a nice authentic place. Will be coming back soon.
Regrets, I've had a few:One such regret is the components I chose to create my Bowl at this place.  I went with Green Fried Rice, Ma-Po Tofu, String Beans, and Eggplant.  The Veggies were so oily and the Ma-Po Tofu was so saucy that together they drowned out any possibility of tasting the Green Fried rice that everyone keeps raving about.In contrast, the kid chose plain ole White Rice, Char Siu Pork, and Bok Choy, keeping things minimalist even though he had the option to include a second veggie. He may have been on to something because in doing it this way, with just a drizzle of Char Siu Sauce on the Pork, it was possible to taste each ingredient individually.  I am one of those weirdos who truly adores Tofu.  But with this concept, I'd rather see cubes of it marinated and baked, or breaded and fried, with the option to add some sauce on top.  Ma-Po Tofu, which I love on its own, just doesn't work here.Got a kick out of the uber cheerful, "Welcome to the Wei!" we were greeted with when we walked up to the register to order.  In fact, the 'counter dude' was super friendly and welcoming, and in relative, fast-casual terms, the space was pleasant enough to warrant a bit of lingering.  Thanks to these personalized touches, as far as ambiance goes, this spot ranks a few notches above Chipotle.  Am going to give it another try to decide if that comparison holds true for the food.
lol who said they'd rather go to Panda Express than The Wei??? that's an insult. I've been coming here a little TOO much. This is THE best fast food place right now for me. I think it's always amazing to see Asian cuisine getting more accepted and moving into "mainstream" dining. Everything about The Wei is perfect. The employees are incredibly nice and don't just stare at you like at Chipotle or any other boring franchise fast casual place. The portions are huge. They really do not skimp on you. It's to the point where I feel like I have way too much protein and garnishes where I feel overwhelmed but in the best way possible because there's also a lot of rice so everything's amazing and balances out in the end. A bowl can last me 1.5-2 meals. Please don't change
We went here today and half the food was cold. Dumplings were cold and yucky. We ended up throwing away most of our food. The food was not fresh, we were so disappointed because of the incredible reviews! I think this place has gone downhill or else they leave old food out all day. It tasted like bodega Asian food. Now $30 later we are hungry and still craving dumplings. Really sad.
The chipotle of Chinese! The wei is a great option in Downtown Brooklyn for lunch where you can make your own bowl with a rice or noodle (try the scallion infused rice!) a protein (tofu, chicken, pork, beef,) and veggies galore (my favorites are the string beans and eggplant!) it's consistently delicious and can definitely be saved for a second meal since the portions are large. I believe the Wei is a small chain but I think they have potential to be the next chipotle!
Great little lunch spot. Quick rundown: - It was a ton of food... I ate half, then stir-fried the other half later and it was amazing- Maybe too much protein? I'll file that under good problems to have.- Scallions and rice are my favorites, so now scallion rice is my favorite- Delicious veggies, everything tasted fresh- Loved all the accoutrements (is there a mandarin word for that? ...google says: 装备)Honestly it was even better as leftovers, so maybe a hot wok at the end of the line would bump the satisfaction up a notch, but certainly no complaints. Will be back.
I wanted to like this place but taste-wise it's meh. I got the scallion rice which was ok (I'd prefer regular fried rice). The pork was a bit dry but was mostly meat and not fat which was good. The bok choy and egg plant were nothing to write home about. Overall, considering the portion size it was an ok meal for the price. I would've ordered the Malta chicken but it looked dry and mostly deep fried flour with a little chicken piece.
Chipotle meets Panda Express, basically. Choose a rice, a protein, some veggies, and some toppings, but with options you'd expect to see at Panda Express instead of Chipotle.The one notable thing here is the mapo tofu, which is mildly ma la and has basically the right flavor. It's not great, but it beats the meats they have, which are, no lie, pretty much what you'd expect to get at Panda Express.It's a little pricier than Chipotle, which seems a bit much for what you get (portions are large, but it's mostly rice). That being said, this place is great if you want a fast food place you can get in and out of in 15 minutes including the wait, and you want some food that actually has veggies (no, one lettuce leaf on a burger or 3 slices of button mushrooms on pizza don't count). However, if you can spare 40-60 minutes for a meal, you can do better for the same price in the area.The service here has been great every time I've gone. They're really on the ball and keep things moving even when there's a long line, and unlike most places, where people get a bit lazy when things are slow, people here are still really quick and attentive even if you're the only person in the place. The biggest downside to this is that they don't accept tips on a credit card, so if you're like me and don't carry much cash, you have to tip in cash. But that's a pretty good problem for a restaurant to have as its worst service problem.
Incredibly fresh, flavorful, and affordable.  I chose the green rice base with pork, broccoli, green beans, and several of the toppings, with sauces on the side.  I received plenty of food for two meals, but I couldn't put it down and barely managed to save enough for a small meal the next day.  I liked the availability of several sauces, including several hot sauces.Would be nice if you could do half-and-half or combo meats instead of adding a whole extra portion of protein and if there were a veggie base option, but those are only minor quibbles.  I definitely would go back.
Was in the area looking for dinner. This is a chipotle style Chinese restaurant! Great experience, will come back soon! Gotta try the green fried rice next time!
This restaurant has quality fast Chinese food.  Their system is simple and quick: pick a rice or noodle, a meat (protein), 2 veggies, garnishes, and presto!  You have an inexpensive tasty, mouthing watering meal for $10. I picked the noodles & green rice (yes, you can pick two), the roast pork with the sauce, Eggplant & green beans, and salty pickle garnish.  This is not Chinatown type food, but close to authentic as it will get in downtown Brooklyn.  The eggplant was cooked to perfection, not too mushy, and the green beans were skimmed through oil before being sautéed so they had some crunchiness-very good and tasty.My daughter had the green rice, spicy fried chicken, green beans and a broccoli & carrot medley. At first, I thought about combining two proteins: roast pork & the Ma Po Tofu, a natural combo for a Chinese dish, but the server said it would cost an extra $3, so I declined.  The restaurant was clean, small, but adequate for a fast food setting.Being Asian, I can say this without this being a racist remark:  I was glad to see two brothers (Asians) cooking in the back, who came out front regularlyto check on the food quality & quantity.  Needless to say, I will return to the Wei.
I went in with very high expectations given the stellar reviews. The service is friendly and the portion was generous for the price. I had the green fried rice with mala chicken, eggplant and all the garnishes. I left satisfied but a bit disappointed. The rice was a touch dry and stuck together, and the chicken was less flavorful than I had hoped for. The location is so convenient and overall the meal was satisfying so I'll definitely be back for another sampling.
I wanted to see what the hype about this place was about they make it easy for you to select what to order. I did so with pride hope that it would be all that i have read about but was somewhat dissapointed to me personally the food was too greasy for my liking. The only thing i enjiyed was the dumplings the sauce was delicious. Don't know if i will try it again.
Solid lunch/dinner option near LIU campus. I came for lunch by myself and wished I had a friend to share with - portions are huge! As others have noted, this place utilizes the build-it-yourself bowl style (base + protein + veg + toppings) popularized by Chipotle, by Chloe, and a million other places. It's a winning model!! Who wouldn't like to have complete control over building an awesome meal? I chose the green scallion rice base, with market chicken, bok choi and string beans, and all the toppings. The rice had a subtle but fresh and bright flavor and was nice and fluffy. The market chicken was great quality, with little to no gristle/weird bits (I got the sauce on the side and didn't think the chicken needed it - just makes it sweeter). The chicken is dark meat like thigh/drumstick and very tender. The veg were awesome!! Bok choi was fresh and crisp and the string beans were softer with a lot of good garlicky flavoring. I loved the radish and sour cabbage toppings, which brightened and added a bit of acidity to the plate. Overall a huge, delicious and satisfying meal!!I would definitely return. One thing that would be great would be a brown rice or maybe veggie base to have a lower carb option. Enjoy!
I don't visit my Downtown Brooklyn office often -- basically about once a month, so when I noticed a few new eats around the area, I made sure I scheduled my time to visit one of them. This time, I picked The Wei. I thought it was pronounced like "way" but my coworkers pronounced it as "Wii". I don't know for sure, but I think they are wrong since I'm always right . . . haha. As many have mentioned and it seems to be the new fast food trend, this is Chinese Chipotle. As Chinese, I was a little skeptical. How good can this stuff be? I ended up getting the green rice (I would've gotten the white rice but it was the last bit in the pan and didn't look fresh. In fact, it was made into a heart shape. I don't want played-with food.) I also got the pepper steak with fermented black beans as recommended by the guy behind the counter. I then got the broccoli and green beans. It was a pretty big bowl, so I didn't opt for any sides. When I got back to the office and started eating, I was surprised that the food taste pretty fresh. I would've preferred to have a little more rice and it was a tad mushy, but it was decent. I was surprised (and thankful) that the scallion was all cooked in and infused in the rice. I don't like raw scallion taste. I think they also put a little ginger in cooking the rice for flavor. I got plenty of beef pieces and they were tender and not overcooked. I particularly liked the vegetables and I'm not a real veggies gal. The green beans were exceptionally tasty. If I knew in advance, I would've gotten two portions of the green beans and forget about the broccoli. It's a big pricey as I know my mom can cook all this, but I'm glad to have a place like The Wei in the neighborhood that doesn't otherwise have much close to authentic Chinese food.
We went back today and tried the steak and the mala chicken. Both delicious but I enjoyed the beef more than the crispy chicken. The other components are consistently good. Left the place full and happy.
This stylish, fast casual (fast food) version of Sichuan Chinese is as good as it gets if you're craving Café China or Spicy and Tasty, and stuck in downtown Brooklyn.  It follows the Chipotle model:  walk up to the counter and you pick your choice of 5 or so proteins, 2 veggie sides, and a carb base.  There are ample condiments to scatter on top, and everything is packaged in a compostable vessel.  There are more than enough tasty bites to fill you up completely for a long time.  I picked the unhealthy mala chicken (good, but very light on the mala), the healthy green beans, and the sauteed eggplant over the green scallion fried rice.  Preparation, esp for the veggie elements tasted authentic and were outstanding.  The chicken was a bit overfried, but the seasonings more than made up for it.  I've never been a huge fan of Chipotle, but I LOVE THE WEI.  Tasty, cheap, and as authentic as it gets for fast food. The whole thing, which probably weighed about a pound and a quarter, cost me $10.34.  That's value, people!
The Wei brings legit Chinese Cantonese/Sichuan food in a modern setting, at an affordable price point. With really friendly staff, a decent amount of seating, and large portions, I hope the Wei sticks around for a long time.Most non-Chinese people think of Chinese food as greasy fried rice, pork egg rolls, and general Tso's chicken. The Wei serves something between the flavors of legit throwback Cantonese food and the Americanized take out they may be familiar with, but in a Midtown lunch friendly efficient manner with compostable bowls. The flavors are authentic, with plenty of garlic, scallion, sesame, ma la sichuan peppercorns. For hubby and me, being Manhattan Chinatown natives, it tastes like home. None of the flavors are over salted or sweetened to cater to the masses, they're as they should be, if a little less spicy than I'd like. We tried the fried green rice, ma la fried chicken (very tasty, spicy fried chicken bites!), the ma po tofu (soft, not firm tofu), the garlic eggplant, sautéed string beans, bok choy, and broccoli. For real, everything was delicious. Both the chicken and tofu were the right kind of spicy, the veggies were perfectly tender and seasoned, not drowning in salt. The rice is green with scallion and has some egg and is tasty in its own right. I will note that the fried rice is oily and if you're watching your calories, get the plain jasmine rice. You can also add toppings like scallions, sesame seeds, shallots, and pickles. On top of it all, for $10.50, you're getting well over a pound of food - the 9 inch bowl is filled to the rim. By Midtown lunch standards, this is a steal. By Chinatown standards, you're probably overpaying by $3, but if you care that much, go walk the Manhattan Bridge and waste your time instead. The original bubble tea is also really good, with a fragrant black tea, just enough sugar, and chewy (unsweetened) tapioca. It's only served cold, but there was no ice in the large cup, so I think it was a good value. No powder mix here.The process is easy - you line up on the left, pick your rice base, add a protein, add two veggies, add toppings, and pay. Everything is scooped out in front of you as you go down the buffet line. I found that I had a lot of rice leftover, so going forward I may ask for less.  The staff was really great - we showed up before they technically opened, but she waved us in because they were ready to go. She also was happy to mix some of the items so I could try a little bit of chicken, even though I got tofu. And when we got a bubble tea but the bubbles weren't ready, they hand delivered the tea to our table. I think there's seating for about 30, mostly stools and two tops. While it's not romantic or anything, its clean, efficient, and comfortable to sit for a quick meal and people watch. I THINK they have a bathroom but I didn't look. No steps, so ADA and stroller friendly. Not a place I would bring a big group though, unless you're visiting off hours.
The staff here are lovely, but the food is not.I ordered the Mala Chicken but the meal I got was basically just fried batter with no chicken inside.Dear Owners of The Wei, please include chicken in your Mala Chicken.
Chipotle of Chinese food. I love Chipotle.Or if you're more traditional, it's kind of like those bien dang places that had like 20 items you could choose from, and you can choose four to six different things to put into your take out box. Except you have less choices here and it's more expensive. The plus is that the quality is better here.I've only ever ordered the green rice, which I really like. And the only protein I've ordered thus far is the mapo tofu. Because this is clearly modern Americanized Chinese food, I wasn't surprised that it's not anywhere near how spicy mapo tofu should be. But I'm genuinely appreciative that they didn't skimp out on the ma of the mapo tofu.It's hard with Chinese food to pick what you're going to curate your veggies to be, but they did a really good job here. I  especially love the eggplant and string beans. The broccoli thing is clearly directed at the less traditional folk, and the bok choy is bok choy, I can't really say I like it or dislike it. It's easy, it's simple, it's approachable.I don't like the bubble tea here. I mean, they're not a bubble tea place, so you have to go in with that attitude, but I had some hopes. The bubbles were way too soft.I really like they guys here. They're very nice, very appreciative of their costumers, and always try to keep the spirits of those in line up and work to speed things along.
I really enjoyed the fast casual concept, and modern take on Chinese food. The interior is nice with seating for dining in. However, I thought the food was mediocre, and was disappointed that I spent $11.50 on food that I could have ordered from my local Chinese takeout place for half the price and same taste. I ordered the black bean steak, which was very tough and hard to chew. The scallion rice was okay, nothing special. I did enjoy the sautéed string beans -- that was my favorite. Would I return again? Probably not
My search for the perfect office lunch spot is finally over, I've found The Wei! The fried chicken was hands down the most delicious fried chicken I've ever had. Perfectly moist and mildly spiced. I ordered their scallion fried rice as a base accompanied by yummy fresh string beans.
Dry and flavorless. I was looking forward to this new fast food restaurant opening, but was disappointed on my first and only meal. In my opinion, it's not really worth a 2nd try.
Not bad, would definitely come back. I have such a soft spot for these new fast casual Chinese food places that are emulating the hugely successful Chipotle model. They taste healthier and fresher than a lot of Chinese food at the same price and I love the customization. The Wei is pretty good, all the flavors are there but there are some missteps that prevented me from loving this place more. - The crispy mala chicken wasn't crispy and there wasn't that much chicken itself, most of it was breading. The chicken itself wasn't spicy to the level I was expecting. However, the portions were GREAT - I got so much chicken in my first spoonful I was already pumped about this place, but then the employee gave me ANOTHER huge spoon of chicken and then ANOTHER. Given that, even though the chicken wasn't as crispy as I usually like and had a less punchy flavor than I'm used too, the value for what you get is pretty good. - The beans were pretty good - flavorful, soft, and a very generous serving again. The only problem is they were slightly lukewarm, so they weren't as enjoyable as they could have been. - The green rice was great! I'm not a huge carb person (omg what's wrong with me), but it was super flavorful and delicious by itself. Usually I don't like carbs since I find them to be tasteless vehicles that dilute the flavor of other more delicious things, but I ate the rice all by itself the next day for dinner and it was awesome. Definitely one of my favorite components of my meal. When I was leaving, I saw one of the cooks eating a bowl of beef noodle soup in the restaurant by the window. As I walked by, I smelled it and I literally stopped walking because it smelled divine. Whatever he was eating, I want THAT next time haha
Eating at the Wei reminds me of what I used to think Chipotle was before their massive expansions and E-coli scares. Most reviews describe this place with the usual buzz words of high-quality and fast-casual. Those people are right, this is one of the few places in New York City where you can get high quality Chinese food in a casual setting and at a much lower price point. I got the Mala Chicken, Eggplant, and Green Bean all under a base of Scallion fried rice. The first thing you are going to notice is the sheer volume of food they give you. For around 10 dollars I got a massive amount of food I could not finish. You also get a pretty good rendition of Chongqing Chicken with plenty of fried Szechuan peppercorns. It's no Han Dynasty, but it's good. The real standout were the green beans. They were probably laced in some sodium-heavy sauce, but they were super good. I would not be surprised if this place expanded across the city, even though it was nearly empty when I arrived at prime lunch hours.
The Wei is new to Ft. Greene and is wei convenient being located across the street from my university! Wei cool!I had the veggie fried rice with marinated silken tofu, garlic green beans and bok choy with pickled veggies and sesame seed toppings. All of which happily marked with a "V" for vegan!What you can expect:Large portionsModerately priced American-Chinese foodsHigher quality ingredients than your hole-in-the-wall you paradoxically trust with your GI tract that makes you question life choicesDelicious food!Modern atmosphere with some "gnarly" real wood furnishings! (geddit? sorry, I'm board)Cool 80's / 90's / early 2000's rock and alternativeFriendly employees that enthusiastically greet you at the doorHaving it your weiAs ol' Blue Eyes would say, "I had it all... myyyyyy weeeiiiiiiiiii"*slow clap**curtain closes**stops typing**clicks post review**regrets narrating actions on Yelp*
The Wei is a great addition to Downtown Brooklyn! I'd say it's sort of a Chipotle-style Chinese hipster eatery with great affordable and filling options! Everything tasted fresh. The staff was also very friendly and attentive. You choose your base, protein, 2 veggies, and whatever toppings. I got:-Green fried rice: I really loved this rice! They infuse jasmine rice with a scallion sauce and fried eggs. It was a generous portion. It makes me want to make my own. -Black bean steak: Really loved this steak. It didn't taste as oily as beef usually does at your traditional Chinese restaurant. It definitely had a lot of flavor--didn't feel necessary to add any spices. -Sichuan eggplant: Although very delicious, it was a bit on the oily side. I would have preferred less oil, but still loved the eggplant nonetheless.-Shanghai Bok choy: Nothing special here--tasted like what you would expect from sautéed bok choy. -Fried crispy shallot, sesame seeds, and pickled radish: I love that they had garnishes to top off your bowl! The fried crispy shallots added great texture and I loved their pickled radish. It was the right amount of tart I needed for my bowl! I'll definitely be returning back to this place! They also sell bubble tea for $4--it's one size only. The size is what you would consider a large at other bubble tea places. Didn't get to try it, but will next time!
I love it! It's simple, but a lot of food in one bowl, and not greasy like some Chinese food. I've only started coming here about two weeks ago, and been there 5 times! I've had the market chicken, which is good. I think they use chicken thighs though, so if you're into healthier options like grilled chicken breast, you won't get it here. The seasonal vegetables taste like vegetables in white sauce to me, its very good. I also usually do not like string beans, but the garlic string beans are cooked well and taste good. The eggplant was okay, did not really like that, but I'm not an eggplant eater. I also had the beef. Meat was good, but the little black beans that came with it was too salty. Green fried rice is good, wish they would put more in the bowl!
Delicious! I am eating my bowl right now and trying to understand how it is so flavorful. HUGE portions, with a protein and 2 veggies, enough to save for two meals. Prices are standard, not cheap, but about what you would pay for Chipotle. And the workers are very friendly. Def recommend!
Went to The Wei, some time ago.. It was just OK. Nothing to really rave about, the green scallion rice, was good.. but left a weird aftertaste in my mouth (quite unpleasant). I can't put my finger on it, but it was just..well ODD. I was starving, and this place looked like your "not so average corner Chinese restaurant".... The string beans and bok choy, had good flavor, just oily. I may or may not go back to The Wei.
Some compare the Wei to a nicer Panda Express but as my friend said "I'd rather eat at Panda Express". First off, the green rice was mushy. How can an Asian restaurant mess up rice? The veggies we had were overcooked - both string beans and eggplant. The noodles were ok, and the pork was good. The sauce for the pork is really sweet so I suggest getting it on the side. We also got the steak and it was exactly like cheap Chinese food beef, so I wouldn't recommend it. It's nice they give you variety and it comes in a nice biodegradable package. But otherwise, your average Chinese takeout is cheaper, fresher and tastier.
The food is good.The concept must be celebrated!  We need places like The Wei to somehow elevate the status of Chinese food in American culture.  Instead of cutting corners and going always for cheap, lets add in value.Give the people friendly atmosphere, a clean environment and good portions and they'll pay the higher price tag.
Really love this concept! Great tasting fast Chinese food. Good sized portions. Love fresh scallion/green onions. Love that I can order tofu with varying flavours. Yum! This is Chinese fast food I can trust that what's in it.. sorry not sorry.
I sooo wanted this place to be amazing !! I live so close by and I needed some authentic Chinese food. I ordered the green rice with chicken bok Choi and seasonal veggies. Like other yelpers reviewed... it's moderately priced. I paid under 11 bucks for one bowl.  I was so excited to munch on my first bite... but I was disappointed.  My chicken was overly salted and my bowl was drenched in oil.  I really had higher expectations for this place.  Maybe I just went on an off day??? This is a new spot and I think they've been open for only a couple of weeks.  They still gotta tweak a few things but I'll be willing to try it again maybe in a few months when they get a handle on things (the salt... the salt was killing me).    The decor of the place was cool, I'm sure the LIU kids across the street would appreciate it. It had a laid back vibe with rustic wood/metal tables and chairs. Would probably help if they had delivery too.
This is amazing fast food. It's kind of like chipotle style ordering: pick your base rice, veggies, meat, and toppings.The scallion rice tastes like buttery garlic rice goodness.ALL their vegetables taste AMAZING. I would eat vegetables all the time if they turned out like theirs; can't go wrong with any of them.Their popcorn chicken tastes amazing and I personally like it more than the char siu pork.Can't wait to go back.Wow!!!
I want The Wei on every block in NYC. Solid traditional Chinese fare served in a fast casual style. All your classics in one bowl--I got mapo tofu, eggplant, string beans, scallion fried rice. Each item was executed well...that bowl could have easily melted in a pile of saucy mush, but these cooks are doing some sort of wok magic behind-the-scenes because everything complemented all other components both in flavor and texture. Highly recommend!
I liked the food so much, that I went back twice in one day (April 18). If you are a vegan like me, don't fret, they have delicious vegan options and it's clearly labeled. Whatever you choose, make sure you order the eggplant. It's delicious! I had the vegetable fried rice, tofu, green beans & eggplant. The sesame balls are also a must.Keep playing that 90's RNB.
Excited to find that a new restaurant is opening up in my neighborhood so despite the big snow, I got out of my apartment for the food odyssey. Though it is labeled as Sichuan food, it is a fusion of all kinds of Chinese food (Cantonese, Shanghainese, northern etc.) and has some trace of Americanized Chinese food so I'd say it plays well with both American and Chinese audience. From the website, the restaurant owner is from flushing and aspires to share quality Chinese food with broader audience in NYC in multiple neighborhoods. Nice try![Food]It is set up like Chipotle where you choose your base (rice or noodle), protein and 2 sides for $9~10. I went with my friend so I got to try multiple kinds. Usually Chinese fast food places are boring with predictable options but the Wei really amazes me with its unique "Green Fried Rice" - green coming from scallion puree, which I have never seen in other Chinese restaurants either here or back in China. Though a bit oily, it definitely downplays it a little bit and adds to appetite by its color. The protein options are also fresh and decent - I tried honey glazed pork (Char Siu) and black bean steak and they are both up to my standard, with big portion in a bowl. The highlight of side is definitely the eggplant - very tender, soft and not too salty and soaky. I also got baby bak choy which is properly seasoned and not too blend and it balances out the oiliness of the fried rice. I'd recommend the combination.  For drinks, I tried taro bubble tea and it is decent (though not outstanding). There is a bit too much ice and I hope they can give you the option of how much ice you want (as some other places in flushing will do like Coco).The only suggestion I'd give is that the food generally is not too healthy and a bit too oily (though well balanced with both meat and veggie). They don't offer any brown rice option (the healthiest is just jasmine rice). They don't note the calories amount on the menu. I understand it is just a Chinese restaurant but to appeal to a broader audience, it is good to offer more options.[Service]There was no line there when we went there because of the snow but the service is very quick and efficient. Even though they ran out of green fried rice when we ordered, they replenished it in less than 5 minutes. The space is clean and bright with big windows looking out to the streets. The decor is brooklyn-standard hippie. They do take credit cards.
Love this place! Walked by to go to DeKalb Market until I got distracted by the plate of food some guy was eating in the window.  I walked in to check it out and I was greeted by some of the most kind staff that I have ever encountered in NYC! Usually staff are just in rush and no time is wasted on being kind so this was extremely refreshing. They helped me order since it was my first time and all their suggestions were DELICIOUS! Did not fail with anything :) so good! Not to mentioned the portions are very generous! Overall so impressed. Found my new go-to
Came here to pick up food with my fellow coworkers for lunch. It's basically a Chipotle style Chinese food spot with a simple menu. My combo was the green fried rice-Market chicken-bok choy with sour cabbage and pickled radish. To my surprise, it actually tasted good. The chicken was more on the tender side than the dry side. Not overly sauced up. Rice was fluffy and hot with a nice hint of a scallion taste. Bok choy tasted fine and crunchy. Not salty. Staff were friendly. Would come back to try the other proteins on the menu. 3 1/2 stars, but rounding up.
Chipotle style set up gets elevated to Chinese food!?   I was skeptical but honestly, I know Chinese food really well and this was NOT BAD!  I had the roast pork over the scalilon rice (half lo mein) and bok choy/green beans.. and it was really pretty good and a BIG portion too.  I would definitely get again.  Note:  the toppings at the end is what MAKES IT!!  Definitely get em all.      Really good spot for lunch in the neighborhood when you are hungry!
Solid chinese food, you get your choice of base i cluding noodles, fried rice, and veggies, then meat and sides for around $10. May seem pricey for Chinese but it's plenty of food to cover even the biggest appetite. My girlfriend and I shared a bowl and were both full. Food tasted better than Panda too, very authentic and everything didn't taste the same.
Great food, good prices, vegan options, and a nice place. Recommend for a yummy quick lunch !!!!
It's Chipotle, but with Chinese food, and better.The spring rolls were great.The green rice is weird and real good.Get after it.
The staff was attentive and friendly. I had the mapo tofu over white rice, the mapo tofu was average. My favorite part was the garnishes you can choose to put on top of your dish. The spicy pickles turnip is the best!
The prices here are affordable but I was disappointed by the taste of 50% of our order (my boyfriend shared a bowl, dumpling and spring rolls). Maybe we ordered the wrong things, so I'll likely try again, but basically... the noodles (our bowl base) had some Szechuan flavoring in it that I wasn't expecting (though I'll say I'm biased because I'm not a fan of Szechuan-style food), and the mapo tofu (our protein choice) was slightly on the bland side. The dumplings and spring rolls were solid, but I wasn't impressed overall considering the bowl was really the lions share of our meal.
The food is so good! For about 0 you can get one bowl with lots of rice/noodles, lots of protein (you choose) and two veggie options. They even have "bubble tea" but they don't market it as that - it's lychee tea with lychee jelly and it's so yummy! They have lots of sides but frankly the bowls have so much food in them, you're full even before you finish. There's a lot of seating but I wish there was more during dinner hours. The staff is super friendly. There are Vegan/Vegetarian options! Overall, would come back again.
Quick and easy: pick a base (white/fried/green rice or noodles), pick protein (meat or tofu), pick veggies and toppings. Tasted really good but 3 stars instead of 4 bc of the indigestion I got after.
Best Mapo tofu I've had, seriously. And for only $10This is traditional Chinese food that is accessible and affordable. Extremely friendly staff, amazing food, and good vibes. Definitely try this place out!!
The Wei is delicious! For about $10 you get a giant bowl of food. My boyfriend is an extremely happy eater and even he was full. It's Chinese "Chipotle-style" where you pick your protein and base and sides. The bright green, scallion-infused fried rice is heavenly. The place is small and casual and perfect for a quick bite.
I cannot wait to go back. I just went in because I was in the area. I'll be a happy returning customer always. It has a chipotle concept but nothing but great flavor. Enjoy!
Tons of delicious food for a very reasonable price, really friendly staff and a pretty space. This place is addictive. My suggestions/requests to them would be: offer a brown rice option! And make your mixed vegetable option vegan, too. Sometimes a girl wants some broccoli, and I bet the non-vegans who usually order it won't even notice if you took out the fish sauce. :)
I honestly come here a little too often, but there's no shame in the food game. Their green, scallion rice is out of this world- completely unique (only one other spot in Flushing makes it) and it's unquestionably the most favorited item on the menu. The eggplant & ma po tofu are also delicious, but alas... I'm a self proclaimed side-chick. Seriously- don't miss out on the cold sesame noodles (SO underrated), fried wonton chips, and the thick-skinned pork dumplings (i.e. my ideal comfort food).Great food, well-priced, cool space, positive vibes, friendly staff. These guys are awesome.
The food is good. The lady who served me gave me attitude.  I hope they would train their staff and let them know.
Best mapo tofu I've had this side of the Atlantic -- Avenue and Ocean! Clean with courteous service. Mapo tofu has the mala flavor that often goes missing from the more Panda Express type spots. They even have the red can iced herbal tea. Two thumbs up!
Ma-po tofu is spicy but not numbing spicy. It soaks the base rice, so it gets pretty spicy in the end, but I enjoyed it! (get lots of pickled radish for garnishes)Eggplant was sooo yum.
Welcome to Brooklyn, and a bigger welcome to the 1st fast-paced Chinese restaurant of its kind.Similar to a Chipotle type of experience, but with AMAZING Chinese food, and even better staff;  NOT to be confused with the typical MSG, heavy on the salt, questionable ingredients, or rude staff.This place contains the following:-Amazing staff-Amazing food-Real / Healthy Ingredients-Great for dine or Take away-Great / Easy to access locationStop in and check it out, you definitely wont be disappointed.#LetMeShowYouTheWei#TheWeiBrooklyn
Easy menu with fresh Chinese food. Great addition to the neighborhood and right across the street from Junior's.Pick your base, protein, 2 veggies and unlimited toppings! The green rice and eggplant are a must.
Presentation is great, they really helped me make up my mind. Chicken was great n crispy, green beans well seasoned and eggplant was something really special. Recommend the green rice.
Great food. The Asian restaurant with a little more class than your mama and papas Chinese food restaurant. Owned by Stan Liu this place is the Asian fast food of Brooklyn. The green rice mixed with the noodles, steak and eggplant was a meal that will set your pallets ablaze. My taste buds were on another level when eating all the combinations. The service was very friendly and efficient in getting my order prepared and ready to be consumed. The most impressive part that I think gets lost in today's fast food was the greeting received when you walk through the door. It lets you know that they are aware of your presence. Impressive, delicious, speedy service and overall fantastic ambiance. This place is a must try for Brooklynites and out of towners. This is the Wei to go.
Not your old time , regular, fast food Chinese place I've been use to it was clean modern different fun I like you get to chose your base , protein, vegetables...& so on & so on ....  it's like a upscale chipotle for Chinese food but better I guess.  Any way & it wasn't that heavy sauce'd food I was use to w/ other take out ...... glad to have this place by my work
Green fried rice! Green fried rice! Green fried rice! Green fried rice!This place is a fantastic (and healthy) alternative to regular fast food. Service is great and the food is fresh and tasty.Green fried rice! Green fried rice! Green fried rice! Green fried rice!
The food is delicious and the portion size is A-MAZINGG! You get so much for a little over $10. The service is quick and employees are friendly. Definitely recommend if you are looking for some good Chinese food that is more than just your average Chinese takeout food.
This is essentially panda express dressed up nicely. The food is on the same level as inexpensive "chinese" take out, simply organized to look like the "chipotle" line ordering concept. Subpar food in a modern setting, with poor quality especially on the attempts on Sichuan food.
3.5 stars?So yes, the green fried rice IS delicious. The portions are sizable, good veggies, and I totally scarfed most of the bowl down at 8pm on Wednesday night. My main critique would be that the overall quality of the meatstuffs is a little subpar. Like, my mala chicken was a little overly breaded and hubby's bbq pork was a little gristly. But we'll be back as it's a great concept for the hood.
This place is delicious! I live and work in Manhattan and have been here twice already...You pick a base (a couple types of rice or noodles), a protein, 2 sides and some garnishes. You can't go wrong with the noodles or green fried rice. The mala chicken is amazing (especially with their special sweet chili sauce); mapo tofu and roast pork are also great options - it's so hard to choose! My favorite sides are the eggplant and string beans. The portions are great and if you can't finish it all, it reheats really well for the next day! (I got 2 bowls last night - one to eat there and one for today) I also recommend trying their bubble tea! The original is the perfect level of sweetness.Everyone should make their Wei here ASAP!!
Glad to have this new Chinese place in my neighborhood to stop by for quick meal. Both my husband I were happy with the efficient way of serving (Subway style I would say - you choose the base and toppings in 4 steps) and the amount was more than enough. The staffs are friendly and the food was good. The inside is clean and nice. No complaint.
Found this place because of MealPal.....So far only had the chicken, but it so clean and fresh! This is my new spot for lunch now.
Tried out their market chicken today with green rice and it was honestly one of the most delicious meals that I've had under 20 bucks. The guy behind the counter was extremely nice and all smiles as it was my first time there. The store runs chipotle-style where you choose a base, a protein, sides, and garnishes. Since I'm Chinese and grew up in Chinatown for most of my life, I have to say that the food was extremely authentic. A bite of the eggplant reminded me of Cantonese cuisine, a bite of the string beans reminded me of Fujianese cuisine, and the rice reminded me of something my mom used to make. While the flavors of the food were familiar to me, they certainly were explosive and none of the food were too underwhelming or overwhelming and all complemented the others nicely. I took away one star simply for the price. I understand that the quality of the ingredients they use must be superb, which is reflected in the taste, but it was about 10 dollars for a decently sized bowl. While 10 dollars may not be much to some people, it can certainly be a lot to spend on a single meal to others, especially students (as there are a lot of schools in the area). Furthermore, I feel that you can also get something similar in Chinatown for much cheaper with the same authenticity and flavors. If you're in the area and craving for some really good authentic Chinese food then definitely try The Wei out. However, if you're near Chinatown already, I would say skip and hop on over there instead.
I was looking for dinner option and walked here recently. The place was nice, but the appearance from the outside was not as it looks from the inside. There are many options  for my meal of choice.I had the green rice, flank steak, green beans and broccoli and taro tea were great choices. It was amazing. Everything on the menu was incredible.I decided to get a side of green rice to take home, because it was so delicious.Incredibly fresh, tasty and quick food. Reasonably priced as well. Highly recommend.
So lucky this place is close to my job. Rarely do I go to a place two days in a row but that food is great! And the green rice infused with scallion is my new green crack. The setup is similar to Chiplote as you choose your base, protein and garnish.That's the only comparison as everything taste fresh and for those looking for a quick takeout lunch-fast!  Glad they're here as quick lunch options are few in this area. So until I have to attend green rice rehab, I'll be back again.
Really positive first time experience. The food was really great and it's such a step up from all those lower-end Chinese restaurants. The veggies were particularly good and really complimented the protein. Was also a bonus that the guys working were nice and seemed really genuine. Could definitely see myself coming regularly.
The Wei is great! Went there for the first time last week. Noodles were a bit greasy, but the green beans and eggplant were terrific. Staff are very friendly and welcoming; service is instant; value is good. Even the drinks are reasonably priced.
This place is very tasty and affordable .I think the stand out is the green fried rice infused infused with scallions.
Tried nearly all of the menu with friends. Big, bright flavors, lots of spicy, everything tasted fresh.A great addition to the neighborhood, and some of the best Chinese I've had in NYC period.Hoping they add delivery to their lineup soon!
They give alot of rice/noodles. You can choose two different rice/noodles, but only 1 protein.  Tried the mapo tofu and beef and string beans and the beef is reaaaalllyy good. Not many people there on a Friday night.
This place was pretty busy for a weekday evening.It's very hard for me to describe the feeling and excitement because dining here is truly a multi sensory experience. You can see, feel, touch, smell, and hear all the hustle bustle of the restaurants.  Service was great too. They came and checked in on us and was change our plates once to ensure we had space.  I def recommend coming with a group. Its satisfying!
Found this place through Yelp because it was close to the hotel I was staying at in Brooklyn.  Very very good food.  I liked the choices, especially the vegetables.I wish there was a place like this in Philadelphia.
Interesting take on Chinese food. Very tasty and affordable. Their bok choy is really good.
This is pretty much the Chinese takeout version of Chipotle.  You basically pick a base, a protein, two veggies, and unlimited toppings.  I looked at the reviews ahead of time and noticed that the green fried rice was the popular choice and decided to choose that as my base, tofu as my protein, and Sichuan eggplant and garlic string beans as my veggies.  It was a bit pricey at a little bit over $10, but it was a lot of food.  It's safe to say that I was left feeling a little disappointed.  I felt like I was eating overpriced Chinese takeout.  I will admit that the green fried rice was good and the Sichuan eggplant was super tasty, but everything else was pretty basic.  I didn't really find anything special with what I was eating, and the food was actually really oily.  There was a pool of oil at the bottom of my bowl, which is really unappetizing.  I'm just gonna say that I will probably not be back.
This is the the Chinese food I've been waiting for, not just in the Asian food desert that is Brooklyn, but in NYC in general. My brother and I grew up in the San Gabriel Valley in California which has the highest concentration of folks who are Chinese/Taiwanese, so we are picky about Chinese eateries. While visiting last week, he agreed that he would eat at the Wei at least once a week if it had an LA outpost. The food is solid and represents true value for your money. I have never been so happy with a fast casual option in my life, and I hope the Wei is able to open more locations and go nationwide. The mala chicken is out of this world, and the roast pork (char siu) is superb. I love the bok choy and green beans, and the hubby is obsessed with the eggplant. Their passion fruit sweet tea is perfect - not too sweet and huge so I'd even go in there if I wanted bubble tea only (they make that too). As I get older, I'm more aware of the power of each dollar I spend, and the Wei is one of those places that I want to wholeheartedly support as often as I can. They opened up just this past December, so stop by and support a startup with great service and a solid product. Bonus: easily accessible location right off of the Dekalb subway station. If you don't like this place, I don't know if we can ever be friends.
A great new spot that's easy to get to by train. Nice fresh take on Chinese food thats readily available. You must try the green, scallion infused, rice... it's awesome with the steak and string beans. Oh, and the cold noodles are a whole meal in itself even though it's listed as a side.... so good!!!
Not only did they let me in 3 minutes to closing, the food was still AMAZING, and they treated me like royalty.  This is rare, especially in NYC, to walk in close to closing time and still receive top notch customer service, AND food that taste as fresh as the start of the day.  This has been my second amazing encounter with The Wei, and I'm sure it won't be the last.  Shoutout to all the workers there, they all work hard to make the atmosphere awesome.
Like someone else said this is like the Chipotle of Chinese food and I love me some Chipotle. It was about $21 for two bowls. We both enjoyed. I got the market chicken and my boyfriend got the catfish. All of the employees are super friendly. This is my 2nd time here and I'll be back. A con would be that the food is oily but not to the point that I won't return.
Uniquely fresh and delicious Chinese food!!! Highly recommend the green scallion fried rice, popcorn chicken, and taro bubble tea! Everything on the menu was incredible. Love that they offer vegetarian options! Great value, I was so full from their lunch special. Finally a piece of Flushing in Brooklyn! Can't wait to eat at The Wei again.
Went here again yesterday , bought the fried cat fish ... It was cold along with everything else besides the rice..... meats should always be warm or hot . Something they should consider
Finally a Chinese fast food place that's clean with good taste. This spot reminds me of shop house kitchen. Its like an Asian chipotle but still has enough flavor. I had the mapo tofu with green beanand eggplant. It was all delicious. I also had a the toppings and I recommend the green fried rice. At $10 it really is reasonable. The best part is I don't think they use any if maybe just a tad of MSG.
It's so delicious here, I had the jade fried rice and lo mein with the ma po tofu, eggplant and bok choy.  Yes all that deliciousness in one bowl.  The quantity is also amazing, I feel like it's a an amazing meal. A beautiful space, great location, right by the Q and Juniors, and just an overall well executed concept.  I hope to be back soon!
Great chipotle-esque spot but chinese. It is a little greasy but oh so good. We got 2 entrees for 4 adults and it was plenty!! The vegetarian options are excellent!
We came 20 minutes early, pulled the door handle and started to walk in the other direction. Then a friendly face appeared, opened the door and let us in early. All the dishes were not yet in place, but that didn't matter - what was there was delicious. The concept is simple: pick a rice/noodle base, a protein, and two veggies. Fast, simple, tasty.
Simple, quality experience. While there aren't a lot of menu choices, what they do offer is quite delicious. My roast pork and egg plant over white rice was so good and the portion was very generous. I will gladly come back to this restaurant anytime I am staying nearby
Im in LOVE...Came across this place by accident. Which is odd because its LITERALLY a block away from my job. Had the noodles with Mala chicken, garlic green beans and eggplant and im hooked!
An awesome place where you pick your protein, veggies and toppings.  Made very well and you can tell it's quality especially for fast food.  Had the mala chicken over veggie fried rice, bok choy, and eggplant.  So glad to have it in the neighborhood.
I was impressed with this chipotle-style sichuan-ish fast food. The flavors were very good and much, much, much more authentic-tasting than Panda Express. It seemed like all the ingredients were really fresh too. The string beans were great. My only complaints were it seemed a bit heavy and oily (well, what was I expecting ordering deep fried chicken and sautéed eggplant...) and it seemed like it had been sitting out a while (it wasn't hot enough). Also, here's my list of unnecessary wishes: (1) I wish they had brown rice (even though I know that's generally not found in China) (2) please sauté the eggplant better so it's less soggy (3) please use less breading and more chicken in the mala chicken.
Better-than-your-average quick Chinese food spot done fast-casual style. Not overly greasy, everything was fresh. Friendly staff.
The broccoli and string beans were excellent, but the fried chicken chunks were tough and flavorless, though with a ridiculously large quantity.  The boiled dumplings were pretty standard and come from a bag - not homemade or anything.  Slightly better than your typical hole-in-the-wall Chinese place.
Prompt service. Excellent prices. I love the pickled radish and spicy turnip. Lots of vegetarian options. Meat too. Enough space for people to sit and enjoy a meal. Have been there twice and it's been a consistently good experience.
I have ate wei a hand full of times. Only complaint is the same for all fast food joints, not quality food. Meats are fatty and inedible at times (just don't get meat). There is something salty (I have it narrowed down between the string beans and a sauce). I haven't had a bad experience with wei. Overall I say try it out if you're around for work purposes (there are plenty of actual restaurants for good food). Get the green rice it does not disappoint.
Amazing food, great staff, and conveniently located right by the Q B R 2 3 4 5 train lines
Amazing. The green fried rice is to die for, I've tried to replicate it myself but I haven't been able to. Defo get the little fried wonton chip things. We stayed in Brooklyn over Christmas and ended up eating here literally once a day. It's super cheap and delicious with a casual, clean atmosphere.
I came here for lunch with my friend and I was highly impressed by the service and and quality of food service at this new establishment. The staff behind the counter- friendly, kind and make great recommendation if you have any questions. The options 1 base 1 protein 2 veggies and garnishes of your choice. I had the green fried rice, fried catfish with eggplant, Shanghai Bok Choy and sour spicy turnip. It was Delicious. The sour spices turnip  had a tangy crunchy mild spiciness, very playful on the palate. As far as the rice I didn't really taste anything spectacular but the catfish was fried well not hard not soft but just right. The eggplant and book choy were steamed and still had some type of crunch but still soft. The food was fresh and edible, the only thing I wish I could change is nothing it was a pretty decent cheap lunch option. Great for the price. The restaurant was cozy, semi-medium in size but with enough seating for everyone that decided to stay and eat.
What a surprise! We left the Alamo Drafthouse movie theater hungry and disappointed with their food and then stumbled on The Wei on our walk to the train. WOW. One bowl fed me for three meals. They have a homemade spicy sauce that is out of this world. They even have options to go all vegan if you want. Seriously - it's so good. And we met the owners who are really nice guys. I wish they had one in South Brooklyn. Very reasonable prices especially since the portions are huge!
The Wei is a delicious deal for the price. As others have noted, it is the Chipotle of Chinese food and they give you good quality food, and a lot of it. I love their green fried rice and their tofu is delicious too! Great for a quick lunch or dinner if you're feeling rushed or too lazy to cook. I only wish it were open later!
Since there arent any good chinese restaurants in the area, this place is to go if craving for chinese food. Portions are big and enough share with coworker./friends. The mala chicken does have the right kick to it.
It is set up like Chipotle, where you pick and choose parts of your bowl. Not that much different from any other Chinese take-out hole in the wall. The food is really salty and drenched in sauces. I was expecting more flavorful and fresher food.
Not particularly fresh food-pre prepared, kept hot and waiting to be served. Mix and match bowls with four or so choices of protein, veg, rice/noodles. Popcorn chicken chewy and greasy, mapo tofu was ok, egg plant was sweet and very oily, pork dumplings were all wrong-like a bit of cheap sausage in a too thick dumpling.
God bless this place. Kind of a chipotle esque fast casual Chinese place. The portions are great for the price and the food is good quality. It's not the most challenging cuisine but very satisfying. Looking forward to coming back and trying their other options.
The amount of food we got for the price was great. On top of that everything was tasty and good quality when it came to the meat and veggies.
I highly recommend this spot. The food is fresh and delicious. I recently treated my team to dinner and it was AMAZING. Stan and his staff were wonderful. This is the place to go when you want good food fast!
Casual takeout/eat in spot with yummy food. We stopped in for a snack and had the sesame noodles and the pork dumplings. I can't wait to try the bowls. The prices are totally reasonable. I second/third/fourth the request for brown rice and a veggie base option.
Delicious! Mala chicken with vegetable fried rice, bok choy and garlic string beans is to die for! The staff here are also great!! I will be back.
Victor, who I think is the owner, is so accommodating. My boyfriend I have been there twice and he's altered orders and made everything special to the way we've wanted. The staff is friendly and informative and the portions are huge. It's definitely a positive addition to the neighborhood.
We went there wit our kids before visiting the transit museum. I was looking forward to a fresh take on Chinese fast food. Unfortunately after a few bites into myMeal I found a hair imbedded in my food that did not belong to me! There was an African American server who had long extensions on and her hair was not tied back or covered. So I know where the hair came from. I went to the register and received many apologies from the cashier along with a refund. I will not be returning as it was unsanitary conditions.
Sooo yummy! Great, friendly service and clean spot. I got the steak, noodles, bok choi and green beans, and I devoured it. My husband got the catfish, green fried rice, bok choi and green beans and raved about it. Despite shoving our faces, neither of us feel disgusting after. Major win and all for under $25.
Just finished lunch here and I must say I was pleasantly surprised. When I see 'casual Chinese' I'm always a bit wary. The scallion infused rice with Mala chicken, garlic string beans and bok choy were the perfect lunch on a cold day! Will definitely come back when in the neighbourhood
Excellent and friendly staff at this Asian version of Chipotle. Had the steak and bok choy and tried the spicy Mala chicken and both were delicious and had reasonable prices. It was nice being able to down a bubble tea with my meal instead of just  a Coke. Will come back to try their dumplings and other side dishes as well.
I want to like the Wei, I really do. The service is friendly, the price point is fair and simply providing a culinary option other than  99 cent pizza or hotdogs is enough to put themselves above most of the other food offerings in Downtown Brooklyn. But that's not saying very much.I'm not sure if it's because this place is new and doesn't have a lot of foot traffic yet, or because they are still working out some kinks, but both times I've gone to the Wei the food has been lukewarm and very greasy. Don't get me wrong, there's a time and a place for cold, greasy Chinese food but when you brand yourself as  "authentic" I expect something more than what essentially boils down to a fancy lunch special with green rice and a better to-go container.  As they say, greasy eggplant and greasy string beans by any other name ("market fresh" and "soy infused") is still a greasy mess.
The food is very yummy!! I loved the eggplant and the mala chicken was exceptional. overall  if you're craving moderately priced Chinese food I'd def recommend. I'm not sure if they deliver yet as they are pretty new. In few words I'd say this is like a Chinese food version of Chipotle, and I have to say I don't hate it.
I will definitely be returning soon.- very quick service (Chinese chipotle)- friendly & helpful staff- go when hungry as portions are HUGE- I recommend the green rice & tofu, green beans & eggplant were incredible - friend Loved the pork dumpling side. His chicken had some gristle but still liked it- reasonable prices On the downside, it was quite heavy in oil & sauces & msg so it is definitely is not the healthiest meal. I think it's worth it for a once a week/month cheat meal though ... 5 stars !
A quick lunch option for the neighborhood, although it's basically fast food. Vegetables are unfortunately overcooked. Bubble tea is delicious though!
Authenic chinese foods spot in this neighborhood! Bubble milk tea was good. Love the roasted pork and that green rice. Lo mein was juicy and not like those dry cheap ones. Would be my go to chinese foods spot from now on!
I grabbed a quick bite here last night and was very happy with my meal. I got the green rice with roasted pork, bok choy, string beans, scallions, and fried shallots. I really enjoyed mostly everything, especially the pork. The only thing that didn't bowl me over was the bok choy, which was a bit bland. Next time I'd try to the eggplant in its place.The portions are huge. I came after working out and was starving, and couldn't even finish my bowl. It's got a fast-casual, Chipotle-esque vibe, but if you're looking for a quick bite or easy take out, I'd definitely recommend. (Oh and it's not really visible because it's through a door and down a hallway, but they do have a bathroom.)
Like others had mentioned, this is Chinese food version of Chipotle.  Food tastes better than those from typical wall in the hole Chinese joints, and the portion is generous.  I found myself a new option for dinner takeouts!
Good for its price. Taste is really good. Best thing about this place is that its a quick lunch spot. It took me less than 100 seconds to get out of the place with my lunch.
Like a Chinese Chipotle! The food was all a bit on the salty side, but the portion size was good and left me satisfied. The catfish was good at first, but the food gets bland and super salty once you're no longer all that hungry.
Chinese food chipotle style. Great choices for all.  The ma po tofu is super tasty.  Loved all the pickle toppings too!
Great service and atmosphere. Staff is very friendly and food is great. One suggestion I would give is to have a more variety or maybe a daily special. Otherwise excellent :)
I've ordered from The Wei within the first week that they opened, and I will most definitely keep coming back! The food is delicious and authentic, almost as if I was cooking at home! The prices are decent, but the good food is worth every penny!
This place is too legit.  I appreciate that the food isn't too dumbed down and remains authentic tasting.  I've tried the Mala and market chicken, and the steak...they're all delicious along with the rice/noodles, veggies, and toppings.  It makes for a nice balanced meal.  Overall, a great addition to the area.
A Chinese chipotle, except with more authentic Chinese food than your average American is used to. You got your base carb, protein, two veggie choices, and garnish. My first meal from here on this cold winter day was green fried rice, mapo tofu, eggplant and spicy radish; topped with pickled shallots. The spiciness of the tofu and eggplant were amazing and the flavor of the green fried rice was out of this world. Did I mention that they also serve bubble tea here? And it's pretty damn good.
Came here the other day and got the mala chicken. It was good but I've had better. The staff was so friendly, and the environment was really awesome. Because of this, It's safe to say that I will be coming back to this place.
Everything was AMAZING. I had the mala spicy chicken, eggplant, and green beans with the jade rice. The chicken may look super spicy but it had just the right amount of kick. The vegetables were my favorite! It is a lot of food for a reasonable price. I also ordered a matcha bubble tea. I love places serve GOOD food and bubble tea. The staff there are very friendly! So happy to have found this gem in Brooklyn!
Gave this a try today and I was impressed. Seems like they're aiming to serve Chinese food with a layout, pricing and quality comparable to Chipotle. I'm a fan.
Green fried rice is so dry today and not much flavor, will try again later. Consistency is important.
I go to school right across the street so this place is really convenient. I got Veggie-Fried Rice with the noodles, Mala Chicken, garlic string beans, Bok Choy and Fried Crispy Shallot. The food was really good. Its also very affordable and they serve your food fast.
Great food, awesome service, amazing prices.  The food was very fresh.  I got the green rice with crispy catfish, eggplant, and bok choy. My husband got the veggie fried rice with roasted pork, eggplant, and green beans.  Everything was delicious! And for all of that,  we paid $24 combined.  Nice to have something healthy and affordable in the neighborhood.  The Wei...you have definitely gained some regular customers!!! And please keep the catfish on the menu!! I loved it!
Totally affordable, straightforward Chinese food in the heart of downtown Brooklyn. Vegetables were fresher than I've eaten at any Chinese restaurant. Noodles were perfectly balanced in flavor and texture. This place offers an ordering system similar to Chipotle -- pick your protein, starch, veg. and garnish options. Looks to be a family-owned small business which I am always happy to support. Pro tip: Try the bubble tea and pork.
Food was great - closest I have had to being authentic cantonese. (String beans are the best!!) Pickles could have had more salt/seasoning but food overall was great. Staff super friendly and helpful.
I don't usually go to places that close this early on the weekends because it's just too hard to get there.  Since they close at 9, you've got to get there no later than 830 to be guaranteed service, which means I have to leave the house no later than 7 pm to get this food.  That's really hard!  Despite the challenges, I've made it here twice.  The food is excellent.  I love the green fried rice and how they really respect the vegetables.  The string beans and eggplant are my favorites.  I like the black bean beef, though it can be inconsistently chopped into too-large pieces.  The Ma La Chicken was a pile of crumbs the time we ordered it, it was near closing but it should have been taken off the menu since it was only old crumbs left.  One time we wanted to come here and they ran out of food before we arrived.  Another time, they started running out of food while I was in the store.  I wish they were open later with more locations so they'd never run out!  Excellent pear tea and Herbal tea in cans.
Asian chipotle is a good description. It's basically grease. Fine if it's cold and you need a quick meal but nothing to rave about.
This place has become one of my favorite spots for a quick bite. Fast service and the food is really authentic. You pretty much can't go wrong with the selections they have.
Very good chipotle style good quality chinese food. Only wish they offered soup.
Like a few others, I will say I like the concept and really want to like this spot. But the food is inconsistent, twice now when I've gotten the chicken  it was essentially just hard nuggets of fried breeding (and not hot), the only time I had the pork it was very tough and had clearly been sitting on heat for a while to the point of getting overcooked. Today I looked at both offerings and was offered a sample of the chicken, was wasn't even lukewarm. The gentleman who gave it to me tried it and agreed, then told me fresh chicken would be out in 6-7 minutes. Ten minutes later it came out, and even fresh there wasn't much chicken under all that breeding. It was also over salted. Not sure I will try again as I've invested $50 in consistently mediocre food and after a handful of tries they can't seem to nail it.
Love the mala chicken and green fried rice and eggplant! They are also very friendly and the ambiance is modern and fun.
Discovered this place by accident on my way to pick up cheesecake from Juniors for a friend. Glad I stopped in. This place is great!  The food is delicious and the staff was very friendly. The food was so good, I returned 2 days later...  Have visited 2 times during their first opening week- I had the veggie rice, tofu, bok choy, and eggplant,along with a few garnishes. The second time, I tried the lo mein, tofu, string beans, WoW... I love the eggplant.  The string beans were also a hit.  Next time, I'll have to try the other rice.  I've told all of my friends to try you guys. Can't wait until you start delivering to Fort Greene.
SO thankful for this spot in Downtown Brooklyn (DoBro Bro!). The staff is so nice and this is my new go-to spot for quick and healthy eating.  Eating with chopsticks took too long that I had to switch to a fork to scarf down the yumminess!  Sooo good! Welcome to the hood!
I've been dying for good quality, fresh, but classic Chinese food in the neighborhood. This place hits the spot!! Quick, yummy, and comfortable experience. I had the noodles with silken tofu and string beans with mixed veggies. I was surprised by how much I liked the string beans-- they were just the right amount of crispy. I also tried some of my friends' eggplant which was amazing! The portions are huge too-- I'll definitely be back.
Absolutely delicious, authentic and affordable Chinese food - a rarity and a gem in downtown Brooklyn area! The popcorn chicken, mapo tofu , eggplant and green fried rice is a must! Also appreciated the fact that you get 2 veggie choices and 1 protein - food tasted super healthy, non-greasy and just awesome
First off, you MUST order the green fried rice. It was my first time having it and I was surely not disappointed. The food, decor and vibe of this whole establishment was top notch and I will definitely be returning. Service was quick and the food tasted great. They even have desserts for your sweet tooth!
This is not the cheapest fast food around BUT it is quite tasty and a good deal. The amount of food is huge. I had a bowl and nothing else and I was absolutely stuffed. Granted I am not a huge person, but I am also not a light eater. The bowl is well balanced in terms of the amounts of meat, carbs, veggies, and garnishes. This isn't a place that gives you 3/4 of a bowl of rice and 2 pieces of meat. They also get thumbs up for unusual and tasty flavors. I got all of their garnishes and they were all pleasant, different, and went well with the food. In terms of the main ingredients I got the pork, the green rice, the eggplant, and the bokchoy. None of these were unusual but all were solid and the unusual thing was to have such a good combination of ingredients in one dish. Maybe the bokchoy was a bit overcooked. The one negative comment I have is that the sauce that comes with the pork is absolutely disgusting! Fortunately, my partner advised me to get it on the side. And I *STRONGLY* advise anyone who hasn't it tried it to do this. I can imagine it would have ruined my entire dish. I am kind of amazed how the same people who came up with rest of the menu managed to make that unholy monstrosity.
