This is not the most appealing restaurant. I would definitely call it a hole in the wall. But I drive there from Long Island just to get their wings. It is not expensive at all and the wings are really really GOOD! No matter what time you go you are going to see people picking up pans of these outrageously awesome wings!! I highly recommend this place for any type of gatherings or even if you just are in the mood for wings and don't mind the drive, you will not be disappointed.
Can't go wrong with this place wings are amazing so is the rib tips.. Would definitely recommend
I love their soy sauce chicken wings. My only problem is that they do not deliver. They could make more money In delivering. Especially on Superbowl and Wrestle Mania.
I really love the wings here and they are seriously one of the best wings in Brooklyn-EVER! Even King Kong has nothing on these wings or better yet, not even the Kernel himself.My friends and I usually make fun of it and say that their seven secret ingredients, that keeps people coming back, includes: MSG, salt, trans-fat, things you can't pronounce and maybe even crack! They are so good, that you'll hear them chirp the day after. The best part is if you go here during the super bowl, you will find lines of people waiting outside just to order these wings, $40-$100 worth.When you go here, just keep in mind, that this is not a sit-in Chinese restaurant. However, I still highly recommend this place, especially if you're hosting a party, because whenever I order these wings from them, my party is always and I mean ALWAYS A WINING TOUCH DOWN!Note: They are 50 cents each.
My family has been ordering from "Snyder Wings" for years. We order for all large events as their soy sauce fried wings are one of a kind. I also slide through for a just a few wings whenever the craving hits (don't judge me!). They are quick. I can order now and have $40 in wings done in 15-20 minutes while I wait (which BTW is enough to feed an entire party-- baby shower, etc.). Everyone orders from here. I get request from MD to bring Snyder wings-- and although my family is full of amazing cooks-- these wings are always the first to go. It's also very convenient not to have to be in the kitchen frying chicken all evening while everyone else enjoys the party. Enjoy!
This review is for their fried soy chicken wings.They are absolutely delicious. Served crispy and piping hot, super moist on the inside.Doesn't smell or taste of stale oil like other places that serve chinese fried wings.  Well seasoned. Ask for hot sauce. No places to sit, strictly takeout
Amazing wings and super cheap. I will be getting these wings for the next event I have to attend. I suggest ordering ahead as there is not waiting area to sit.
Not the best Chinese take out I've ever had, far from it actually, but that is not what this place is known for. All I kept hearing about were their soy wings known as "Snyder wings" and how they are the best wings I've ever had. Well I ordered them yesterday and the wings that were soaked nicely in the soy sauce were pretty good but far from the best wings I've had Brooklyn. The soy wings are good, but don't live up to the hype. If you want some really good wings you're better off getting pineapple jerk wings from super wings, or going downtown bk to Wing bar, or Bonnie's. These places do wings right!
They just hang up on brother no deliver  with out me even give a address wow what that about feeling profile
I heard about Snyder wings in Flatbush and then found the place on Yelp, so decided to try it out. For $3.50 I got  served quickly with 5/6 wings and a good serving of rice, which I thought was pretty good value. I don't usually like chicken wings at all but these were enough for me to get over my usual distaste for not knowing what kind of chicken is under the skin. There was plenty of meat on the bone and it seemed to be really good quality. The soy is really tasty without being too salty or overpowering and they loaded on ht sauce at my request. At $3.50, I salute you China Restaurant.My only complaint would be that given how far away from public transport the place is, some seats would be nice - especially given that the waiting area is pretty big anyway.
It's Saturday night.....my friends are going to some restaurant in the meat packing district of Manhattan and I am not feeling like turning up so I decide to stay home. I browse Yelp to find a restaurant near my apartment because I am starving. Since I moved to East Flatbush I don't patronize any of the Chinese spots in the hood. The reason being is most look like roaches are going to shmoney dance all over my fried rice and I hate going inside of a restaurant that has that stale grease smell that latches onto your clothing and goes home with you. Anyway, I slipped on some clothes and walked down the block to this spot after reading the reviews on Yelp. They are famous for something called Soy Sauce Wings so I got them and some pork fried rice with peas, carrots and onions in the rice. Got back home, cracked open the Styrofoam container and was pleasantly surprised. The food didn't smell like grease and the quality was very good. The rice was great with HUGE chunks of pork and wasn't oily or burnt. The chicken had a crunch with a moist center and was flavorful. Well I be damned, I may have found a Chinese spot to patronize this winter on days I don't feel like cooking or on Sundays when I want to watch football and be uninterrupted with making big momma dinners. There was a steady stream of people in this spot. I went across the street to the corner store for a gallon of water and came back and it was packed. That's always a good sign and people were buying the wings by the PAN! Good stuff. The real test will be their shrimp fried rice as most spots fail at cleaning that shrimp to perfection. I'll test that out on another day and let you know what I think. All they need is some mumbo sauce from D.C. to add to them wings and I would be there every night! LOL
The soy wings are addictive. They don't need anything put on them. Their rib tips are great too..not over sauced and they taste so fresh. The rice is good, tasty as well. Not the typical corner Chinese restaurant rice. Egg foo young had so much flavor and the sauce wasn't the usual thick light brown. This was made with good gravy. Must come here!!!
Come here a lot good food dont sleep on them the chicken wings will have you comin back for more
Their food and wings is awesome ..loved it..plus good customers service and really clean ..can't go wrong ordering from them
This is a hole in the wall Chinese restaurant on Utica near Church Ave. I only come here for the Soy sauce wings and fries that's it. That is what the 4 stars is for the wings only. The fries are okay but I love the wings. You will find no seating this is only take out.
These are absolutely the best chicken wings from any Chinese restaurant in NYC. Any given night, you can come here and see the crowd of people waiting to pick up their "crack-wings."
As a NYC native and a long time resident of the East Flatbush area, I can guarantee you that the wings served at China Restaurant (yes, that's the name) are some of the best you will ever have in your life.  They're not your average wings.  I doubt you'll find anything like it anywhere else.  The restaurant refers to them as "soy sauce wings."  I've referred to them over the years by their nickname, "Snyder wings,"  since China Restaurant is on the corner of Utica and Snyder.To this day I have no idea what the process is for cooking these wings.  I know soy sauce is incorporated into the batter somehow.  And I've tried to figure it out.  But to no avail.  I don't know why because I doubt I'd ever try myself.  But now, I'm cool with keeping it a mystery.  I like the mystique that surrounds these wings.  I've put many people on to them and no one has ever disliked them.Wings are 50 cents each.  A $5 order of wings (10 wings) can feed two people just fine.  And then they do pans.  $10 pans, $15 pans, $20 pans.  Those are great for large gatherings.  You can also ask for extra stuff like soy sauce, scallions and hot sauce.  The only downside about the wings is that they don't hold that well any longer than a day.  If you have leftovers, reheat them  in the oven on a low temperature the next day.  Any longer than that and they kinda lose their flavor.The absolute worst time to order wings is on big sporting event days such as Super Bowl, fight nights, wrestling nights, UFC nights, NBA All-Star weekend, etc.  Family holidays are rough as well (especially New Year's Eve).  You can call ahead and place an order as early as the evening before you want to pick up.  Make sure they give you an order number before you hang up or else it's going to be hell retrieving it.  If you call the day of to order and get a busy signal, best believe they have taken the phone off the hook.  You're going to have to order in person and wait it out.  Make sure to speak up to get the employees' attention behind that glass.  It's easy to become invisible in here.  The longest I've ever waited for a pan of wings is an hour.  Be ready to meet some characters while you wait.  I've also seen some fantastic arguments and near physical altercations.  This place is not for the weak.  You're in the hood.  But it's all worth it.Don't ask me how the Chinese food is here.  I've never tried and probably never will.
SOY SAUCE CHICKEN WINGS!!!! Or more commonly and lovingly referred to as "Snyder Chicken" are the best chicken wings you will ever eat in. your. LIFE.(I've ordered other food from here but it isn't worth mentioning). These wings have become a permanent fixture at any of my gatherings, they very well could have their own invitation and possibly be a member of my family they show up so often. Being sold by the pan starting at $20 for 40 pieces is offensive ... All this yummy fried deliciousness is at least equal to the price of your first born, I'd gladly pay that much. *Warning: When ordering for huge events Ie: Superbowl Sunday, Boxing Events/Fight Night, Etc. order by phone in advance. It will get crowded, they could run out of wings and altercations may ensue.Also the chicken is freshly prepared and the pans can get extremely hot-- hotter than the fire of 10 suns, so be sure to bring something to carry them in.
Anytime you needs wings for a party, China restaurant is your place. I make my own dipping sauces at home and with the wings my parties rock.
I've lived in the neighborhood over 35 years. I have always known of this place as Snyder Wings. When ever there was a party , or big get together this is a spot we would always hit up..... When I worked next door when the refrigerator spot was there this was always my lunch spot.... Unless I was on the road doing deliveries.... I would never get tired of the wings with ketchup, hot sauce, soy sauce and you can never forget the scallions.... That was all I ever needed cuz honestly I didn't care for anything else...LOL.I had a few bad experiences ordering rice from them... It's usually clumped up and they were stingy as hell with whatever meat I asked for in the rice. As always it was wings with fries.... Come to think of it the were stingy as hell with the fries too!!!!!LOLIt didn't matter cuz they knew me and always hooked me up with freshly fried wings and I always got more than what should have been in my order. Dammit... Might be going back when I take the kids to the park later....
Been here couple times before I'm clear across the other side of Brooklyn so that should tell you how good the c wings are
Nga C knows exactly what she's talking about.  These are hands down the best fried chicken wings in BK!  I can't even comment on anything else that they serve up here because I've never tried anything else. We usually come here to get platters for parties.  For $40 you can get 60 pieces of  wings, and they are large, hormone induced wings! The restaurant is no frills.  In fact, they have their specials unabashedly scribbled on paper plates and prominently displayed.  It can get a bit crazy for holidays/special events so be prepared to wait for a while and possibly throw some bows to get your tray.
Live 10mins away from this spot. There's plenty of decent Chinese spots within 30seconds of me, I decided to hop in the car and try this place out due to the great reviews. Got the soy sauce wings with shrimp fried rice. Very good stuff, but nothing to travel for. Quick service
This place is nothing short of a hole-in-the-wall, and nothing short of the best wings in this part of Brooklyn. They sell other typical NYC-'hood Chinese food; however, their wings are the main attraction (people travel here from a distance just for the wings). If you've never been here before, don't expect to dine-in. This is no-frills take-out spot. Their focus is wings, not the appearance of the building, take-out area, or menu.
Soy sauce Wings with fries all day. Great eating after a work out. #goodfood
If I show up to an event with out Snyder Wings I would not be granted entrance. Everwhere I go that is my contribution and the people love them.  You will not be disappointed.  I recommended having them add extra soy sauce ans scallions after thsy cook it. My mouth is watering juat speaking about it now.
Amazing spot three best on Brooklyn for wings n ribs
Hands down the best wings in Brooklyn to date. If your in Brooklyn and you want a wing that will knock your sox off check this place out!! These are great wings to order by the tray for parties and watching kung fu flicks.
No Doubt! If you gotta clog em up this is the best Chinese food this side a BK, wings are good, house special lo mein, boneless rib tips, u get the idea and chicken n broccoli w/garlic sauce is also good
Went to this place because we saw the review about the wings. These people are crazy wings and food generally awful.  Save yourself the trouble and just stay home & cook!
I love love love this place! I drive all the way from Queens to get the soy sauce wings. Excellent place to order from for events like birthday parties, baby showers, etc.
Best wings ever! But always order in advance,  always crowded..but worth the wait.
the chicken and pork fried rice is good but their over priced and dont deliver so annoying!
