I remember I came here like the day before Hurricane (Superstorm?) Sandy and literally every restaurant closed early so that all of the workers could get home -- but Moti Mahal Delux was still open! So ... even though that was a couple of years ago, if there is ever another natural disaster that hits NYC, this restaurant may or may not be open.Anyway -- came back here for the lunch special (buffet?) with a group of 6 -- no reservation, but they sat us right away! This place is great for groups; looking around, most of the people in the restaurant were groups of 6 or larger. The lunch buffet gives you 2 options: vegetarian ($14) or non-vegetarian ($15). Once you order, they come out with 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert (with rice and naan) per person. You don't get to choose which apps, entrees, or desserts (I believe it changes daily but they have already set the menu), but you can order as many refills of any dish as you want.I have to say, even though this was a weird style of buffet that I'm not used to at Indian restaurants, the food was GREAT. And it was actually really nice to just sit there and not have to get up to go to a buffet station (the lazy in me was really happy) and instead just have refills keep coming to you. The favorites at the table were definitely the chili chicken appetizers. Everything was flavorful (not spicy, though - but I'm sure they would be more than willing to adjust spice level if you request it, but it seems like they just assumed we wouldn't want spicy food). The meat was all tender. It was honestly a much better experience than I had remembered from when I came a few years ago (I remember thinking the food was meh).Service is great - they are super attentive and keep checking in on you, refilling water, and bringing out the refills and next course in a timely fashion. We even stayed like extra because we were talking and I didn't realize until after we left the restaurant, but there were people waiting for our seats, yet the waiters never rushed us or anything.
Lots of potential plus a few fixable flaws:1. Multiple dishes were too salty.  This is a shame and very easily fixed.  I notice others have pointed it out too so not sure why it's happening.2. Butter chicken curry was runny.  It's meant to be thick.Palak paneer was good.  Apart from saltiness, I think biryanis were very good.  Naans good too.
MMD has gone down.. been coming here for a few years and the last 2 meals have been super disappointing. The last meal going bad - benefit of doubt.. everyone has a bad day.. but 2 times in a row???Yellow Daal - had the consistency of water and was orange.. I.e - too much oilSaag paneer - did not taste freshA 3rd vegetable tasted listed hospital food with green pepper and cauliflower.. undercooked I send back the vegetable dish twice to have it recooked.. and the daal as wellNeighborhood Indian take is way better
We were late for our res, they worked is in anyway on a busy Friday night. The service was excellent. The samosa appetiser: crispy crunchy, flavorful, like no samosa I've tried before. I want more. Like now, for breakfast. The eggplant entree was... I can't explain.  Just get it. And get the lemon rice. Oh, and the naan, get the butter naan. And dip it in their butter masala sauce.   Soft, light crisp.
While in New York, I wanted to try some of the Indian restaurants. This one had good reviews on Yelp, especially their buffet, so I had to try it. We took a uber from our hotel as this place was pretty far. There was not much rush, considering we reached late for lunch. We ordered one vegetarian and one non vegetarian buffet. They bring appetizers, main course and dessert to the table. First appetizers came. In non vegetarian, there were chicken seekh kabab and some chilly chicken kinda thing. In vegetarian, there were 3 pieces of onion pakoras(fritters). I was not happy with the disparity as I got only one appetizer. Anyways, pakoras tasted good. Chicken seeks kabab and chilly chicken tasted just ok.Suddenly, out of habit(I often see food on other tables to see what's looking good :D), I looked at other table and found out that they were served with 2 vegetarian appetizers. By that time we had already started our mains. I brought this to notice of one of the servers. He did not say anything to me and went. After a while, I got my second appetizer which was papri chaat(crispy flour thins topped with chutneys, yogurt and spices). It tasted really good.Now, coming to mains. I liked kadai veg and daal. Rest (goat curry, chicken curry and shahi paneer) was below average. Naan, on the other hand tasted nice. In dessert, we got gulab jamun. They didn't have any taste of khoya(evaporated milk till it has solidified). They tasted ok.I have tried their restaurants in India and was happy with the quality of the food. That's why I decided to try this place out, even when it was far from my hotel. All my efforts went in vain. Compared to non vegetarian buffet, vegetarian was better.Servers were nice except one. There was a female server who was getting our courses and who forgot to bring appetizer. No one apologized for their mistake. She was serving as if she was forced to do the job. I did pay 20% tip but I did not receive that good service. No one came to check on us, asked us whether we need more naans, nothing. Will I ever go back there? The answer is no.
This place is decent. The food is good, but not well stored after the initial prep. I did have some indigestion after the meal on the way back home
As much as it pains me to write a negative review about MMD, I hope this along with other such reviews will be trigger to work their way back to their former glory! I have always been a big fan and have frequented the establishment on several occasions. However, on Saturday the 8th of July I ordered take away - Tandoori chicken, Dal Makhni, Murgh Makhni and garlic naan. I go two measly pieces of Tandoori chicken for $15 + tax. This is simply unacceptable and takes away from the ethos of a hearty Indian meal. The Murgh Makhni was watered down and the chicken pieces were very tough, almost rubbery in texture. The Dal Makhi was good but the Garlic naan was poor. Usually Indian restaurants run by North Indians can guarantee good tandoori breads. However, the naan was small in size ($4), was under-cooked and was doughy!I really hope MMD takes this criticism constructively and addresses these issues so that we can all go back to enjoying what used to be a truly great experince.
The food is really good here but the staff is creepy. It's not a very big restaurant, but when we went there were five servers and we were one of two tables. Subsequently, they decided to just stare at us from the corner during our entire meal.
This is not the Delhi Moti Mahal Delux. We went for Sunday buffet, the food substandard and service is extremely poor. This place is committing fraud by using the Moti Mahal name. Horrible...please avoid this place.
Following from my good lunch special experience I decided to take my family there for two different occasions where I was extremely disappointed.Occasions 1: Party of 4 we sat there ordered as usual service was good till I got my entree(Rarha Ghost) which to my surprise was very salty and couldn't even finish 10% my serving and rest 90% was untouched. I complained to manager and manager asked to remake it but no one wants to wait for another 20 min while rest of the family is eating so I ate other entrees from the order. It was so salty that despite they asked me if I want it to go and I had to leave is behind (90%). So you figured how salty it must have been!! So when the check came I expected as customer satisfactions they would have cut down the price for my entree and charge me portion since I ordered. To my surprise they charged me every single penny. So before leaving I left a disappointing note on receipt despite I paid it. When it comes to public confrontation I am not the one. So I left for that day. Occasion 2: 05-13-2017 late evening. I decided to give them second chance since I've been fan of MMD from back home India!! Party of 4+1 kid(5 yrs) This time everything was going good until when waiter served me he recited my entree Kadhai Murgh so I asked to repeat and he said same name again. So I confirmed with Host and he also at first confirmed it was Kadhai Chicken only for fraction and than he changed name to MMD Special Chicken which is 5$ extra than any other Chicken plate. After receiving I knew it was not MMD special and they expected me to be fool. Yet again I did not create fuss since I didn't wanna argue and wait and waste time etc. I can bet it was no way MMD Special Chicken!! I shoved it down to my guilt of embarrassing someone. Also they were super extremely busy due to weekend and I get it mistakes happen so I went along. Now what was more frustrating is that after dinner was done without even asking me if we want dessert or chai(tea) they handed me check and that upset me even more because I was being rushed out of there. Again I kept my calm and we paid check and we left and upon leaving we realized they had already added 18% tip to bill which was almost 27$ and I was not given option to decide how much to tip or whether to tip or not based on their service and food quality! I'm not sure what's their gratuity policy for party of 4+1 child (5yr). I usually tip well most occasions without even asking but this time I was really frustrated with over all experience and extremely disappointed!!! MMD has lost my interest for now as one of the top Indian restaurant that usually take friends and family. It's not the money it's the service and product people pay for wasn't delivered to my opinion. I was obligated by myself to write such negative review today which I normally don't. I apologize for being honest and mean no harm but it's my expression of my experience for last two occasions.Hope someone pays attention to this kind issues and don't rush their customer and make them feel ripped off for their deficiencies. They deserved 2 stars but lost one due to two strikes in row. 2 stars would be for their host who accommodated my family of 5 total instead my reservation was for 2 which by mistakes I forgot to change it to 5 due to quick google map approach for faster reservation. I appreciate you let us have dinner but you could have also rejected me if it was gonna be too much and I would open heartedly left the venue assuming my mistake for reservation. For now I'll not prefer this restaurant for my family and friends hence my disappointment.
Disclaimer: For their unlimited brunch (or is it lunch buffet?), I'll give 3.5 or 4 for the variety and quality of the food along with its reasonable price.This review pertains to a Friday dinner experience.The atmosphere wasn't bad, it was lively. Service was good, too, waiters were very attentive.A few things that I wasn't happy about.** Price. Correct me if I'm wrong, but why do small vegetarian entrees cost around ~$20 when at other places they cost $10-15? And the chicken dishes here are ~$15.** None of these entrees come with rice or naan, so you have to order them separately.** My dish, which is supposed to be dumplings made of cottage cheese and apricot, in cashew gravy, was disappointing.  First of all, I could not taste cottage cheese, apricot, or cashew nuts. There were three globs of minced oily stuff in a bath of overpowering butter. First couple spoonful of the sauce was pretty good, probably due to its fat content, but these "dumplings" were too oily and tasteless, I had to force myself to eat two of three. When I told the waiter, he simply goes, "Oh, next time, get the MMD Chicken." Maybe I should've ordered better, but note to self, should not return here for overpriced mediocre to disappointing Indian food, even in UES.
I have been to Moti Mahal in New Delhi and love the food there.  When I heard that they have a restaurant in NY, I had to try it.  My brother is a huge fan of this place, so we decided to give it a try.The service was great.  The manager kept coming to check in with us.  We had a toddler, and they gave us a good spot to put a high chair. The ambiance is great as well.Now to the food.  We ordered the following:- Golgappa Shots: Delicious.  Loved the way its served, makes it easy to eat.- Palak Chaat: Very good.- Bhuttey ke Kabab: Was ok....wasnt a huge fan.- Paneer Lababdar: The best paneer makhani I have ever had at any restaurant. The gravy is delicious.  This is the vegetarian version of the Butter Chicken. If you are a vegetarian, you have to order this.- Malai Kofta: Delicious....perfectly flavored and seasoned. Must have.- Daal Makhani: Tasted the same as what I had in India. Delectable!!- Masala Chai: Very average....didn't like the chai at all. The milk was a bit overheated.Overall, I loved this restaurant. We need to walk home after the scrumptious meal we had.  Highly recommended for traditional Indian food!!
You can find tastier, more affordable Indian food elsewhere in the city. The "unlimited" lunch buffet used to be a good deal, but they have begun taking longer to refill the plates to the point it really cannot be called "unlimited."
One of the best lunch buffets in the city. But if you want to sample some of their best dishes you have to order off the menu. The dal makhani is the bomb. The MMD masala is excellent, with a spicy vinegar kick. The tandoori chicken is good, but overpriced for two scrawny pieces. The parathas were adequate.
This is one of the best Indian restaurants in Manhattan.The food is always delicious (though not as spicy as what Indians are used to).The staff is efficient and courteous and the ambience is excellent.Would recommend for anyone looking for an authentic Indian meal
I can't wait to come back!!! The service, decor, food is all A+!We came for their $16 brunch and it was a great value. Comes with appetizer, entree, sides and dessert!The quality and quantity of food is  impeccable :) half the table got vegetarian option and other half got the non-vegetarian option. EVERYThING was good!!
The food is really average quality. It is a pricey restaurant but you don't get the taste and quality of food that you would expect.
Best Indian restaurant in NYC. The food and service is awesome. Their never ending lunch special is a great deal and the manager Sandeep Singh is really helpful and treats all the customers great!
Tried the non vegetarian lunch special.   At first I didn't like that I didn't know what exactly would come with the menu, but I was pleasantly surprised with the dishes and the quality.   See the photos.   All of the dishes were good and the lunch set was a steal for the price.
Some of the best Indian food in the city! Moti Mahal Delux is a great take on North Indian food. The tandoori items here are amazing. We got the paneer shashlik which was melt-in-your-mouth soft and perfectly seasoned. The Mutton (lamb) kebabs were wonderfully tender and smoky delicious as well. The curries here are brilliant. We got the dal makhani and the butter chicken, both of which were rich, creamy and full of flavor. The chicken in the curry was also cooked perfectly and moist, not the rubbery dried out mess you see in a lot of places. The Nan we ordered were fluffy and fresh. Would stay away from the seafood items though, they have always seemed to miss the mark. This is true Delhi style Indian food, done right!
Great lunch buffet. We were served more than we could eat of delicious food - my partner ordered the veg version and I got the non-veg, giving us the full assortment of lunch options. (The only thing that was a little below par was the vegetable fritter appetizer, which wasn't as crisp as I would have liked and a little cold.) But the chaat was very tasty, as were the two non-veg appetizers (lemony garlicky chicken wings with coriander chutney dipping sauce, and a ground chicken kabob). The main dishes -- chicken tikka masala, lamb rosht, butter paneer, and okra bhindi -- were all very good. (I particularly liked the lamb and okra.) Naan, basmati rice, and yellow lentil dal were also served with the meal, and to cap it all off they brought us little bowls of a quite tasty vermicelli rice noodle pudding, very good caramel taste. Attentive and friendly service. Recommended.
seriously?  SERIOUSLY?  When I spend $50 on takeout, I expect to receive more than 4 chunks of chicken in my Butter Chicken, or even more than 3 shrimp.  I honestly don't even know what to make of this.  Is it a joke?  A rainy, cold winter joke?  I actually think I may have gotten someone's unfinished plate boxed up for takeout...
Food was good. No doubt. Service was nice.But the quantity was on the lower side I would say.My friends told me vegeterian was good and totally different.
I have been here twice, once for dinner with a girlfriend and again for brunch with my husband. Both times we paid around $30 total for generous meals. The brunch is insanely filling. We couldn't finish it and opted out of having the dessert.
My first review because I have been too lazy to write one before, but I had to write one for this place.Being an Indian living in New York, I have never come close to eating authentic Indian food and believe me I have tried a lot of places.MMD has amazing food with a customer service to match.This is my second time eating here and I have had their murgh tandoori, burrah kabab, butter chicken, brain masala and rarha gosht.  Each of these items was cooked to perfection and delicious.Thanks to them I don't have to wait for a trip to India to have great Mughlai food.Please ask the manager, Sanjeet,  for recommendations. I have never gone wrong with his suggestions from the menu.
The food out here is fantastic.  There are a ton of Indian restaurants in NYC and this place can easily rub shoulders with some of the best.  The kababs were excellent.  Especially the lamb kabab was terrific.  The dal makhani (lentils) and chicken makhani (butter chicken) were really good.    The onion kulcha, garlic naan were all very good.  We ordered medium spicy and the food was perfect to our taste.   They are owned by the same group that owns Bhatti restaurant (where I haven't been yet).  The portion sizes aren't huge and are a little on the smaller side and they don't serve rice with the curries so you do have to order it separately ... but that's all forgotten when you taste the food.   All in all, MMD is definitely a winner in Indian moghlai food!
I decided to try out Moti Mahal Delux after reading Pete Wells' glowing NYTimes review.  I'm not well-versed in Indian food--90% of the time I order chicken tikka masala/makhani/tandoori/naan and it always tastes more or less the same to me.  So I was curious to try some Indian food that could make the NYTimes restaurant critic "wobbly with happiness."  Well, Moti Mahal did not disappoint.  We didn't order anything too adventurous (no appetizers or seafood), but every dish that I did try was excellently prepared and perfectly balanced.  Nothing was too salty or oily.  The daal makhani exceeded expectations.  I don't normally enjoy lentils, but these were buttery, velvety, and delicious.  The murgh tandoori was juicy and flavorful, and tasted like it was actually roasted in a clay oven, rather than being covered in a red crust.  Also enjoyed the malai kofta, which was a little on the sweet side, and the murgh makhani/butter chicken. Service: Excellent.  I had made my reservation on Open Table and were accommodating when we showed up with less people.  Very attentive servers--a water glass was never empty.  Atmosphere:  Very dark.  I went with a group for dinner, and I saw several tables of 5-6 people, but I could imagine this as a very nice date location.  Finally, this place is VERY reasonably priced.  Perhaps even a little cheaper than other UES Indian restaurants.  I definitely plan on making this a regular stop.
I have been to this restaurant a few times and would recommend it. I went there most recently for dinner and even though the place was packed the service was great. We ordered gol gappa shots and dahi palak kabab for appetizers. I would not order the gol gappa shots again, even though the dish looks good, the "paani" is way too salty. Also 8$ is too much for four pooris. The dahi palak kabab on the other hand was delicious. For the main course we got the daal tadka and palak paneer. The daal had a lot of garlic, and I was surprised that they did not give a side of rice with the daal or paneer unlike other Indian restaurants in the city.
The last time Indian food was an experience for me, the kind one puts in quotation marks, I was in London. That was quite a few years ago, and after Moti Mahal Delux, that memory has grown dimmer.We had a few courses between the two of us, spending about $50 apiece, including tip. More than fair deal, considering the quality of the meal. Sidebar, we did not have drinks, so factor that in. Now you don't have to porcine about it like we were and you can get less food and still have a great meal, but I defy you to avoid ordering too much. The MMD is definitely worth sharing a few courses with charming or even boorish dinner companions. Enough foreplay though, let's get to it.Burra Kabob - I have only had goat a handful of times. This was the best seasoned and most tender goat I've ever had. Now don't be fooled, it say lamb on the menu so as not too scare timid souls and Christians, but it is goat. It was undoubtedly, the star of the meal.Tandoori Chicken - The way that it should be prepared: in a clay oven; as informed by my friend who grew up and Delhi and was the reason we were at his home-town restaurant's newest franchise. Again, tender and moist and not over-spiced, but well seasoned with chilies and turmeric.Honorable mentions, the Anna Dana chicken was spicy and my second favorite and had an orange hue. For some reason I am attracted to meats with an orange hue. Butter nan and Dal Makhni (the lentils). The manager was nice enough to make us finish our lentils.Unlike many other Indian restaurants, all the dishes at Moti Mahal Delux don't have the same flavor theme running through all of them making them all slightly similar in taste, nor is the food swimming or hot spices and oil. I love spicy, but it should not be used as compensation for flavorless dishes. These are some of the reasons I rarely crave Indian food I mean, I like it, its like okay, but I don't love it. However, MMD, I love you.
The bottom line: this place has unlimited seemingly made-to-order dishes for lunch at an awesome price.  The taste is amazing and I didn't feel heavy after eating here.  Also, after 6 lunches you get the 7th one free!This place is ridiculous.  It's an indian place on the corner of 63rd street and 1st avenue.  A few of my labmates and I stopped in for lunch on a whim and were shocked by how good the place is.  They brought out chaat and kebabs for appetizers and then shrimp curry, lentils, naan, some kind of potato masala dish, paneer, some kind of chicken curry, vegetable biryani, and rice.  You could re-order any of the dishes that you wanted as many times as you wanted (including the appetizers).  And, in the end, they brought out some kind of pudding for dessert.  The food tasted so good and at unlimited quantities, this place can't be beat.  The decor was cool, it felt like you were at some kind of beachside resort except you're inside and in NYC.  The service was incredible as well.  As we finished certain dishes, the waitstaff were on hand asking us what we'd like more of and as my water glass was never empty for more than a minute or so before servers refilled it.  Only one other time in my life have I had an experience like that (and that time was insane because literally there were dudes watching my glass and refilling it the instant it was empty).I can't recommend this place highly enough.  I will be back here a lot.
Fantastic Indian food on the UES!  Stopped by for a dinner.  Totally expected the standard Indian menu, but I was pleasantly surprised by the innovative menu.  We ordered too many things to rate them all, but everything was fresh and flavorful.  Plus, the manager Sanjeet came over to say hi and was super nice to boot.
The lunch set menu is a bargain! And so delicious and always different and interesting. Come for lunch every chance you can get!
The food is top notch and is matched by the service - the staff are all incredibly nice and the atmosphere is relaxed. Always love going here.
Wow, wow, wow....that pretty much sums up my reaction to the lunch I just ate. I had a vegetarian lunch special and it came with AMAZING okra...spices were delicious and complex. There was also cheese with peppers that was equally delicious, and excellent lentil soup. There was also naan, rice, and a sweet chewy dessert in the shape of a sphere (not sure what it's called but it was great. I got take out and the service was very fast and friendly. I can't wait to come back again!
If this place were nearer to me, I would eat there every week (and therefore weigh fifty pounds more than I do). I've now been twice, and they've displaced Amma as my favorite Indian restaurant in New York. I've had the butter dal, the spinach paneer, the okra, the lemon rice, and various other things, and not a single bad dish. The service, as a bonus, is great. Even if you've just randomly walked in on a weekday night, they make you feel like a guest of honor -- everything is presented very ceremoniously, at just the right temperature, with genuine kindness. Can't wait to go back.
I have been looking for real Indian food in the US for a while and this is definitely *real* Indian food. If you are one of those people from India who think that Indian food in the US just doesn't cut it then you will be very pleased to eat here. The paneer tikka, tandoori chicken, butter chicken, lamb saag, lachcha paratha all were great. The dishes were spicy so if you have a low tolerance for spicy food then make sure you tell them to make them mild.
Super authentic and upscale Indian food. Love the prawns. Usually decent service. Nice atmosphere. Haven't been for the lunch special but I hear it's good. Also haven't tried takeout but would prefer to eat in anyway. I like more standard Indian fare for takeout.
Went here for a Saturday lunch and ordered both the vegetarian and non-vegetarian option.  The amount of food brought to the table is certainly generous and we enjoyed most of the dishes.  Standouts were the Paneer Tikka, especially the mint chutney that came with it, and several vegetarian plates.  Chicken made three appearances, the lamb curry went very well with the elaborately spiced rice (lovely cardamom flavor).  After eating a good portion of the various dishes, dessert was only an afterthought (the feeling of satiation lasted til very late at night).  I believe some of the usual sweet suspects were served by the friendly but sometimes a bit distracted servers.  The restaurant is comfortable, the price/quality relation excellent, the owners welcoming.  A lovely place to have lunch if you are in the mood for tasty Indian food.
After reading the NYT review and hearing friends echo the raves, I knew this totally out-of-my-way spot was a must-try.  I love tandoori chicken but rarely taste the likes of what I've had in India.  We were able to get a table after a 15 minute wait on a Monday night. Service was friendly but scattered and slow (we had to ask the host to place our order, and after dinner, we handed over our credit cards to pay but then didn't get them back until we asked).  For dinner, we knew we wanted to try the tandoori chicken and the dal, two of the specialties of the house that had received a shout-out in the NYT.  We started with the mushrooms baked in the tandoor oven with ricotta and herbs. These were fantastic, tender and flavorful! The chicken was amazing, perfectly cooked. I gobbled up the dal, while my friend found it to be a little spicy for her taste.  The garlic naan was also fabulous.  Overall, a highly satisfying meal, for a very reasonable price.
Delightful.  Waitress was amazing as were the three clay pot chicken dishes we had.  I would highly recommend this place but make sure to get reservations. It gets jammed Thursday-Saturday which is a great sign.
Although the Onion Kulcha was very good, everything else was mediocre.  I'm not sure why the place is so popular when there is better Indian food available all over the city.  Also, this place is substantially more expensive than I have come to expect.  All things, considered you would be better off at the Persian restaurant a few doors south.
Absolutely sensational.  The food is truly spectacular - best Indian I've had in a very long time. Yes, the butter chicken is great, but so was the black lentil dish and the spinach lamb dish. Even the rice was a cut above most other Indian I've had in the city. The only downside is the location; I hope they'll open a Brooklyn outpost or at the very least something further downtown!
I just had eight delicious dishes + naan for $13 on the UES during their lunch special. If I don't explode from eating so much, I will need to go back to school for more math classes because I cannot figure out how this could possibly add up. Very attentive service and nice decor as well. In an area I've found to be so lacking in reasonable lunchtime dining options as to be shocking for NYC this place is a very nice surprise/addition.
The best Indian food I've had in New York, hands down.Excellent service, fresh, bright flavors and addictive!A completely satisfying experience.
A pretty fantastic deal given that you get to sample several dishes during their lunch special and only pay $13.  The food started arriving almost  as soon as I sat down., which was great since I was starving.  The chicken and veggie apps were all very tasty.  The four "main" items were good- loved the chicken tikka and the shrimp curry.  The veggie ones were okay, not great.  Could have done without the pudding desert.  My rating would be higher if not for two things...1) the food could be served warmer.  There's so much that by the time I tasted each item and was reloading my plate many of the items were cold.  2) besides the nice host none of the servers said a word.  The guy who brought out the mains did answer my question, but the other server, a woman, didn't say a thing.  Thought that was odd.  In the end a fine place.
The food was great. A very classy change from some of the other Indian restaurants in the area. The people were very friendly and helped with our menu selection. They have an amazing lunch special
Indian cuisine is my favorite, and I've probably eaten at 30 or more Indian restaurants in the city. I was excited to try this one with a friend. Out of the 5 dishes we had, only 2 of them wowed. The problem here is that they don't know how to cook proteins. I'll explain. We started off with 2 appetizers...the scallops and these sort of veggie spring rolls. The spring rolls were fabulous...my favorite thing of the meal. Crisp, not greasy, filled with mushrooms and served in individual glasses with a delicious tomato-based dipping sauce...so no double dipping issue! Loved this! The scallops, however, were terribly overcooked...rubbery and barely chewable. The flavors were nice, but it was a chore to eat them. For our entrees, we got the famed butter chicken and a fish curry. Both sauces were delicious, if a bit on the salty side (and I like salt), but the chicken bordered on dry and the sea bass seemed to be mostly leftover pieces of fish with unchewable tendons...or whatever the joining part of fish sections is called. I couldn't cut through or eat several pieces of the fish. At $23, this wasn't acceptable. We also ordered lemon rice, which was well prepared and delicious. The servers was attentive, but could have had a bit more personality. A little too subservient for my taste. I would return and try the vegetarian dishes and maybe the kabobs next time, but I think I'd steer clear of the meat curries.
We had eaten at Moti Mahal location in Delhi and quite happy to stumble upon one on the UES. We went here expecting similar food. It was very disappointing!!The waitress seated us at the window seat on a cozy little corner.  We ordered the daal makhani, chicken makhani and tandoori chicken (the top 3 items on the menu). The tandoori was well cooked, though it could have had more spice. The chicken makhani and daal makhani both were very disappointing: They could have done with more salt, and less spice. There was an overwhelming taste of ghee in both dishes. We couldnt eat the daal at all !At the end of the meal they gave us a complimentary 'kheer' which was very good and we appreciate the gesture. However, the waitress just kept it in front of us and left without saying a word. We had to figure out it was complimentary.The  wait staff seemed quite 'new' and inexperienced.In fact, considering that this was their 'opening day', we would have thought that any owner would be happy to seek feedback, comments, or just chat with guests (especially when they walk by on a whim on the very first day, with no prior Yelp reviews or history). But the owner was busy entertaining 'customers' who were clearly his friends and relatives, rather then walk around and make sure everything was OK. The service definitely could go up a couple notches.With excellent Indian restaurants like Yuva and Chola On the UES withing 2 blocks form this one, I would never go back.
Our dining experience was ok. I felt the restaurant lacked service. Our server was attentive but not friendly. Food was not bad all main dishes tasted great. However after using bathroom I felt differently about my food. The bathroom is dirty and should be maintained.
I have eaten here many times both dine in and delivery. First of let me say that this is not a good restaurant to order delivery from. The food is delivered late and it is bad shape. A lot better to go into the restaurant and go through the nice dining experience. Quality of most menu items are good and some are exceptional. You should try the okra dishes, the tandoori options and the rice pudding.
Amazing place, food and service! After a long time had Indian food that was great by Indian standards!!! Kudos to the chef! We had samosa, daal and paneer makhani and chai and I cannot choose the best amongst these. I wish I lived nearer to the place :(
Food and staff excellent. Definitely recommend. Try the pistachio ice cream, the best ice cream I ever tasted.
Well, the sauce for the butter chicken is phenomenal but the chicken itself is strangely rubbery. Very odd texture. The garlic naan was delicious, should have doubled that. The daal makhani was tasty but EXTREMELY salty. Pick up was fast, ready in the 30 minute time window. Portions were fairly small for an almost $40 order. It's not the worst place I've ordered from but I wouldn't rush back anytime soon.
Wonderful Indian food in a really nice non-kitschy setting.  Chairs were very comfortable and the staff were all super friendly.  The food was mostly great.  We started with the Roomali Khasta which was really interestingly presented and delicious!  Great start to the dinner - we were excited about what was to come.We got three dishes - Palak Paneer - not so flavorful as I've had in the past - even at divey 6th street places.Mutton curry - this was good.  Liked the sauce more than the meat.Kesari Tangri - saffron grilled drumsticks - SOOO good.  It was everyone's favorite of the night.  The meat was very well cooked and it was so flavorful!  I'd definitely recommend this one.For dessert we got the Phirni, rice pudding, which was the best I've ever had.  It was frothy and had a great flavor.I also got the Masala Chai and wasn't impressed.  There wasn't enough spice added.I will be coming back to this place!
I don't know. I felt like this was a little expensive for what it was. It's pretty fancy indian food, in general, everything is served on the upscale side of things. But really, it wasn't any better than normal indian food, and the chicken dish I ordered was extremely fatty chicken. It could have been tasty, but really it needed to be breast meat instead of thigh meat. At least, I could have been notified about the thigh meat before I ordered it. The samosas were ok. Everything was just ok. Which, I guess is fine, but then I felt like I paid twice as much as I should have for ok.
I expect that curry and spice and clarified butter are going to bust my digestive tract a little and... I don't expect a high rated restaurant to do damage to my colon.  The food is yummy and rich and spicy and average, not great, not bad, average.  But the lower intestine wreckage was inexcusable.  Also, the roti was more like naan, so I don't think they know the difference.
Ordered through seamless, delivery is overdue and when I called, twice because they don't have voicemail, I was told they are late because they are busy.  Funny he didn't ask my order number and when I had ordered.  Lame answer and total lack of customer service.  Will never order from here again.
We went for dinner at Moti Mahal Delux last night and had a good experience over all. The restaurant seems nice with the decor and all. For appetizers, we ordered Gol Gappa Shots which came in a shot glass. There were 4 shot glasses and each had a different tasting sauce water. 2 out of 4 tasted better than the others. Honestly, I have had better tasting Gol Gappas at other places, but the presentation of these ones were far better. We also ordered Romali Khasta, which was just meh! The sauce had no flavor and the roll itself was more like a spring roll, it tasted like it was frozen before it was deep fried. (This was also the only thing I didnt like among the things we ordered)We also ordered Chicken Anardana Tikka. which was really really good. The chicken was so soft, tender and flavorful, it just melted in my mouth. All in all, this dish was a appetizer winner on the table. For the main course, we ordered Daal Makhani, which was really good. We also ordered Butter chicken which was tender and tasty. Also ordered Achari Aloo and that was very delicious too. Accompanied by Naan/Roti, the meal was complete. They also give you rice and peas which your entire. This place is also BYOB, we were told they are waiting for their liquor license.The meal was good (except for Roomali Khasta) and the portions were moderate. The price also seems reasonable. I would like to come back again and try other things on the menu, so have to say, I recommend this place. -1 for not so good Roomali Khasta, and for the reason that we were served by 3 different people.
I love this place. I recently moved here from the Bay Area and I've had trouble finding a good Indian restaurant. I've only been to a handful in New York, but this is definitely my favorite. My favorite dish to order from here is the Gosht Biryani. It never disappoints. The portions are rather large here, definitely big enough to share. I have nothing but good things to say.
Ok, so I went to this place because of the great reviews on its food.  It's true, the food is excellent (I'm Indian).  The downside of this place is that they overcharge you on your bill (sad to say this is true of many Indian establishments).  So read the prices and your bill carefully!  Frankly, I'd advise anyone to go to Adyar Ananda Bhavan down the street instead-- excellent food, and much more decent service and atmosphere.MMD:  I didn't say anything about the bill, nor did I tip you properly. And I wanted to leave a proper tip, just like I wanted to give you 5 stars.. Your customers are not idiots and this is not India...unacceptable.
Read about it in NY Times, nytimes.com/2012/07/18/d… I thought I should try it, so went there after office for dinner from 8th and 34th, the place is brand new, great atmosphere, very friendly people, the owner herself was present and escorted us to the seating area, stayed with us until we settled down. I am and Indian and am very clear about what I like or dislike, the appetizers were very fresh, the butter chicken took me back to my time in Delhi, it was so well cooked and well made that it struck me how long back was it when I ate something even remotely comparable. I already have the craving of the chicken again thinking about it, I will be returning again next week with friends and show off my new find.
This is for delivery:  Extremely frustrating to deal with.  Frequently long waits, incompetent staff, and the delivery often (~50-60-%) incorrect with some item.  Food has been quite good in the past but has gone down over past year.  Had it tonight and way too oily main and soggy naan. They've also raised prices considerably. $3.45 for garlic naan is somewhat high but terrible considering quality. Tip:  When ordering delivery, go direct.  Seamless orders often take over an hour and wrong at least 1/4 of the time. Shame because was once really nice local place.
I love this place! It feels super classy but the food is very reasonably priced! The waiter gave me my special drink request without any hesitation or further ado :) Will definitely go again.
Service good. Butter Chicken yummy. Tandori Chicken too boney. A bit pricey, but typical for Upper East Side fare.
After trying the Moti Mahal in London, we were excited for the new opening on the UES and we were not disappointed!  Whilst the interior is of course different than the one in Covent Garden the food is on par if not better!  We stuck to the signature dishes: the Shrimp Pakoda, Butter chicken (of course!), Burrah Kebab and Dal mukhani with naan and lemon rice!  We were offered the Phirni as a complementary dessert which was more than enough!  Each dish was delicious but we will certainly come back for the butter chicken! Looking forward to making this one of our regular spots!
I was shocked to see the portion size when my delivery came.  The food may be tasty, but on an average account I think double the people could eat for the same price elsewhere... But they also did give free gulab jamun... I'm torn!
Disappointing.  Had very high hopes for this outpost of a famous Delhi restaurant.  Appetizer arrived cold and entrée tasted of gas (obviously they don't have a tandoor). Wine was the best thing about the evening. There's a reason why not many South Asians eat here.  Do yourself a favor and go to a cheaper Indian restaurant for the same quality of food.
Had a really wonderful dinner here for five of us. Overall, what I loved about the place is that the food is delicious yet at a reasonable price, the place is not pretentious and the waitstaff was highly attentive. I am a self-confessed Chicken Makhani/Butter Chicken fanatic, so we shared about three orders of this. Was it really the best I've ever had? No. But was it definitely among the best I've had, having tried the dish just about anywhere possible? Yes! The sauce is a wonderful blend of tomato, cream, butter and gently spiced and smooth. Golgappa Shots (2/5 - A waste of money unless you're fanatical about Golgappa); Anardana Tikka (3/5 - Gently spiced, tender, but to me nothing more than a good chicken kebab); Malai Kofta (4/5 - Among the better Malai Kofta I've had - the gravy was velvety and rich just as described on the menu); Palak Paneer (3.5/5 - I've never been a big fan of Palak Paneer but I enjoyed it here, in hindsight the spinach may have been a nice offset to all the creamy dishes!). The breads were all done well, maybe one order was a little charred for my taste. Had the dessert Tutti Frutti ice cream and Rasmalai for dessert - I don't think you can miss with either one, although personally I had no room to even enjoy dessert. You will probably spend the next month at the gym trying to work this meal off, but its all worth it :)Finally, have to commend the waitstaff was super-attentive, even re-heating a couple of dishes up for us and even the manager came by to check on us a few times. I look forward to my next visit there.
Went to check it out after reading the NYC review - hoping to find the Delhi butter chicken I obsess about.  FABULOUS dinner but sadly, it wasn't the Pandara road Butter Chicken I was hoping for.  But, the Tandoori chicken was amazing -my friend said it was just like the Tandi chicken she remembered from Moti Mahal, Delhi!  Only problem was that the portions are tiny- just 2 pieces of Tandi chicken per serving - Really?!!  So, order accordingly cos you'll all want some.Dal makni, brain masala curry - fabulous!  Butter Naan was unusually good - soft and crispy at the same time.  Delish!  Ohh and the Golguppa shots were pure fun.  Get them,
Lunch buffet served at your table instead of the usual trough/line.  High quality, good service when we went, and fast.  An astounding array and quantity of food for the money, and holds its own against any other Indian place we've been to ever.
Great food. Nice cozy atmosphere. Service was good but could be a bit more polished.
I have been there a number of times, food is really awesome and delicious. Top picks are ..pani puri shots, tandoori chicken, kesari tangari, dahi palak kabab, rumali khasta, mango lassi....and don't miss MURG BIRYANI served in matka with tandoori roti on top of it.
This place got 2 stars from the Times and was recommended by an Indian friend, but I didn't love it.  The food was good, but incredibly rich with butter and oil.  We had some signature dishes, most of which were incredibly spicy.  I realize that that must be the authentic way to make them, but it was too much for my palate.  The space is nice, though some tables were a bit too cramped.  Service was ok, some staff spoke limited English.  They were out of some dessert options,  about which we were not informed until we tried to order one of them.  Overall, not worth the trek to 1st Ave.
Three things to go for: 1. Food 2. Service and 3. Ambiance and 3 must try items1, Lamb chops2. Anardana Kebab3. Butter Chicken (best in the city!)overall, it was a good time. Loved the service, the freshness of the food and the people who seemed really passionate about this place.The food def got me nostalgic for dining in India (especially the butter chicken)
Great spot for tasty, fresh, very well executed Indian food, with many options for vegetarians (though not much for vegans). I was still eating meat when I went, but wasn't particularly wowed by the chicken makhani...It was bright and flavorful, but not really distinctive or memorable. The highlight of my meal was the stuffed mushroom appetizer. Being grilled, toothsome, and seasoned (but not really sauced) it felt like a nice change of pace from the smothered mushy vegetable dishes that I tend to expect at Indian restaurants. (I could see it taking the place of tandoori chicken for a vegetarian.) The dal makhani was also delicious and had a perfect texture--not too firm, not too soft.The decor was sleek and modern, yet it still felt warm and cozy.
This review is based solely on on a delivery experience I just had. I ordered at 12 noon and waited until about 1pm to call and ask where my food is. They claim they guy was in the lobby of my building (he was not). They say they'll ca him again and call me back... This doesn't happen either. So after an hour and a half of no food I request a refund, they grant my wish but I don't even think I'll be getting this refund if they can't even be truthful about where the delivery guy is. I will never order from here again
High quality restaurant with normal prices. Got the lunch special here one day and was very impressed. They bring unlimited appetizers and whatever course you end up choosing, either vegetarian or nonvegetarian. The non-vegetarian options include goat and chicken, the vegetarian options include lentils and mixed vegetables, which are also included with the nonvegetarian option.Highly recommend!
What a fantastic place! Went there for lunch. The lunch special for two people, including two club sodas,  came out to $34. The food was amazing and the service was great. So far one of the best Indian restaurants I have tried in my neighborhood. Can't wait to try it for dinner.
The food here, really is great. That is the only reason i am giving it 3 stars. I've been a handful of times and really enjoyed it, however, I came with friends out of town who had questions about the menu. i was disappointed  when one friend got his order, and it was incorrect after the waiter verbally went through with us so my friend knew what to expect.When coming back to check up on the meal, we commented that a few things where missing (rice and an additional sauce we ordered) - they never returned with this.Although the food is great, the service really could be improved.
Everything here is authentic, and amazingly delicious. Great service too. My favourite dish: cream murgh kebab.
I still love this place so much. Daal Makhni and Saag Paneer to die for. yum! they even gave us free dessert!
Eating here right now!  We love it!  I wish we knew about this sooner.  Awesome lunch buffet and trust me I know indian.  They bring the buffet to your table.  Definitely coming back and bringing friends.
First time trying this place and loved the food. Ordered samosas which is my litmus test for any Indian place. The pastry was outstanding! As was their okra pakoda, which I have never heard of or had before (I am Indian and make pakoras regularly). Chicken anardhana was nice and tender and their chai was the perfect end to a rainy afternoon. Complimentary sevpuri and kheer will guarantee that I will be back soon!
This is the best Indian food I've ever had. I've had lunch and dinner here with my mom and we both love it. The service is amazing, the food is delicious, and it's a nice relaxing, stylish restaurant.At dinner, we had some butter chicken (makhani), chicken korma, garlic naan and rice. They were both delicious but I definitely liked the butter chicken more.. It didnt taste like a heavy butter sauce. It was like a creamy, spicy sauce with hints of butter flavor, coriander or turmeric or cocaine or whatever spice they put to make it taste that good. And dipping the garlic naan in the sauce is another love of mine. Just come here already. The mango lassi is also gooood.OH! OH! I almost forgot. Their freakin' amazing lunch special is all you can eat, they pick the menu 12 dollar a person extravaganza. So don't come if you wanna pick what you want, come for an indian buffet adventure of flavor. My mother and I received two appetizers, 5 different entrees (one chicken, one lamb, 3 vegetarian), buttery naan and spiced rice for 12 bucks each... How on earth do people get refills? Anyway, the chicken curry dish was delicious and spicy. The lamb in a creamy spinach sauce was okay, but not the best. My favorite was actually a vegetarian dish with cottage cheese cubes in a spicy curry sauce with onions and peppers and oh god it was good. The cottage cheese cubes were sorta tofu looking but held their shape until you bit into them, then it was like spicy creamy goodness. Also, you don't have to get up and run back and forth to a buffet table surrounded with savage people drooling right onto the glass. They bring it to your table in pretty plates like you're a normal person!I want to go back now. I like this place too much, I don't know.
An excellent north Indian restaurant with Mughlai style dishes in the Upper East Side of Manhattan. The crab lehsuni used subtle spices that enhanced the delicate flavor of the crab. Their palak paneer (spinach with farmer's cheese) was excellent as was the daal makhani. They offer a selection of wines and beers. I wouldn't describe it as dressy but it's nicer than just casual.They deliver via seamless.com.
Nice and quiet place with really good indian food. We shared the Roomali Kahasta for appetizer and had the Murgh Makhani (chicken) and Paneer Makhani for entree. The Murgh Makhani was definitely a better choice, it was delicious.
I was craving Indian food and happened upon this place. Best decision I made - the food was great! Definitely coming back for more!
Wow. So so good. I went during the lunch special so my dining experience may be somewhat different from the regular one. Food: The special consisted of 3 sides, 4 different small entrees with rice and nan, and a small dessert. Everything was such good quality. Add to that the variety and I am sold. Also, I was so full by the end of it!Price: $14/person for MASSIVE AMOUNTS OF FOOD!!!!! Service: Very attentive but without being too intrusive. You must try it out. I wasn't even that big of Indian cuisine until I dined here
I think this is some of the best indian food I have ever had, hands down... I always order the chicken korma (well, 90% of the time if I'm at an indian restaurant) and this one is by far my favorite in the city! I highly recommend it.
I have been to this place twice,once with my husband we ordered butter chicken and some appetisers.it was amazing and we loved it, the next time i went was with a bunch of friends for lunch and we ordered the buffet.it was  not as good as the ala-carte menu. Also we were 4 people and the serving that was served was not enough.1 bowl that's it. Nobody cared to ask us if we would like to get our dishes refilled.
Moti mahal has some of the best North Indian food this side of the continent. It is not jaded and is actually a nice spot for a romantic night. Their kebabs are done so perfectly it reminds of an Old Delhi restaurant (which is where their recipes come from by the way). This is a great great spot to really enjoy the flavors of Northern India. This time though the service was not spot on, so downgraded them a star, but the food is still impeccable.
Great Indian cuisine and very fast delivery.  Well worth the money and will definitely order from them again!
Good, but not better than average. Went here because of high ratings & was disappointed.
Really?! With all these reviews, possibly due to lunch buffet. However, dinner was a different story, limited overpriced menu! Service was very slow at the time out group of 4 came in. We expected service to be prompt since there were not that many customers. Then, waited almost an hour for our orders to arrive! As our orders were taken, wait staff that took our order was abrupt, disengaged, seemed annoyed at one of our friend for taking long looking at the menu. Not even a suggestion or recommendation. Whatever happened to "service with a smile"?! Samosas are cheap to make and they came in bite sizes! Mushroom, grounded lamb, spinach-cheese appetizer was blahh! What lamb? Entrees came, in this little metal almost like gravy trays, with small pieces of meat and lots of sauce! Bread, Naan??? We had to order that separately, we first ordered the garlic Naan. C'mon now, it was 1 piece of somewhat garlic Naan that was cut in 4 pieces! Really! Then, since 1 a piece wasn't enough for 3 guys and a girl, we ordered another round. Again, 1 piece of Naan, cut in 4 pieces and instead if the Garlic Naan ($3.45) we had ordered, it was the plain Naan ($2.75)! This is a staple that should have been a given, basic cheap staple to make onsite....epic fail!The guys and I left hungry, grumbling and disappointed leaving this so-called restaurant establishment! Epic fail really for dinner time. I will not come back nor recommend this place to anyone! Much, much better Indian food elsewhere!
Excellent neighborhood Indian restaurant. Great food and service! Bravo!The staff is attentive and the flavors are complex and elegant. We loved the butter Chicken, lamb, lentils, etc. Even thought is given to the white wines available by the glass. A Torrentes and a Vermintino? Seriously? Someone is paying attention!
I'm really disappointed at this place. I came here bc of yelp review. But it was very disappointing. The biryani tastes weird like I have never had before, and not in a good way. The curries do not come with rice or naan. So please add the cost of rice to the dishes when you check out the menu. And most egregious thing happened to us is that my friend's lassi comes with a broken plastic piece in it. The only explanation we got from the waitress is she had no idea what it is. Coz that comforts us and solves our problem, right?! Never come back again!
It's great food. Really liked the lamb chops and Ghosht Biriyani. You get a good deal at lunch time :)
I loved their naan and pani poori shots!
Amazing food and exceptional service! The GM Tiku personally took care of us and we were absolutely amazed with the food.  One of the best Chicken Makhni I have ever had.
Nice atmosphere, very attentive and casual professional staff. I had the saag chicken and had them add some spice/heat - came out wonderful. My six year old enjoyed the butter chicken with some rice. My wife liked her skewers of chicken. Though, I think she preferred my saag chicken. Glad we came.
Great service, fantastic food, enough said. Better than Dawat.
Really delicious food. I've been here for both their lunch buffet and their regular dinner, and definitely recommend coming for dinner. They actually brought us the wrong dish and when we told them they were nice enough to let us keep it in addition to bringing us the dish we originally ordered (the dish they brought by mistake actually turned out to be our favorite thing!). Definitely recommend.
Place is elegant food is great and reasonably priced good portions however the tea was expensive for a tea so is definitely go buy wont have that really small tea again
Went to Moti Mahal Delux with a friend for lunch. They had a family style lunch special.  The choices were shrimp and lamb entrees with a chicken appetizer. We also ordered the Daal Makhani, a Onion Kulcha and a Tandoori Roti from the menu.  The chicken appetizer was perfectly cooked and excellent. The paapri chaat was excellent. The vadai (yes! I am Indian-it is not vada) was forgettable.  It was not crisp (may have been made earlier and served -you can't do that with vadai) nor did it have the familiar taste of the south.The shrimp entree and the lamb/goat entree were excellent.  The tadka daal was very good.  The paneer, peas and mushrooms korma would have been excellent but the mushrooms were not cooked enough.  The saag was very good. The daal makhani was very good (my wife makes it better). Tandoori roti was good. The Onion kulcha was a disappointment.  They put red and green peppers in it and I am not a big fan of the aftertaste of a green pepper (red peppers are ok).Bottom line: It was the best Indian food I have had in New York especially when you consider it was a lunch special.  I would imagine the food off the a la carte menu is even better (it generally is). I rank this place a notch below the best in Boston.Go, you won't be disappointed.
Been there a few times, always a good experience. First time we had an early dinner, for appetizer we had gopgappa shots, words can't describe our faces when did took a bite, like something terrible exploded inside our mouths. Staff got a great laugh out of it, they took shots away and gave us samosas on the house- great. For the main course my bf had curry goat, I had gosht bryanti, really enjoyed it, another time I had variety tandoor vegetables, I liked a half of it, and I think it was actually overpriced for the amount of food I was given
I really like the food here.  Everything tastes so fresh and it's nice not to see a buffet!  The desserts need some work and service can be spotty.  Fix the desserts and be consistent on service you you get 5 starts.  Check it out
We had a resrvation but had to wait 20 minutes for a table (ok it was Valentine's night). All food was very good - I had the Chicken Tikka. Naan was particularly tasty. Nice service.
Amazing Paneer and Romali Roti. Appetizers were presented very nicely. Service was ok.
I came here with a friend for dinner and was pleasantly surprised- I haven't stopped talking about this place since. Its a win for the neighborhood and for a legit north Indian food in NYC. It is definitely in it s beginning stages but I have faith. Anyway- we got chicken curry, dal makhni, lacha parantha (heavenly) and naan (my friend has boring bread taste). I believe this place is related to the Moti Mahals Delhi, I just visited one of the restaurants in Delhi - the butter chicken is not the same but pretty damn good for Indian food in America. Lastly, the vibe is nice- good for dinners, dates, get together- nothing too formal.
The restaurant is small but cool and has great atmosphere.  The found was outstanding; stuffed mushrooms with grilled onions were a great starter, as were the scallops (fresh, perfectly cooked, wild sauce).  The Tandoori chicken was the best we've had, and the lamb curry with saag with killer as well.  The garlic nan portions are modest, but we got an extra order to go for the leftover curry.  We will return!  The wine list was a 6/10 for a NY restaurant, but probably a 8/10 for an Indian restaurant; the selections were good, but the Pinot Noir is listed on the menu as just that, without a vintner, so it's probably just the pinot of the week.  Not great Indian food wine anyhow!
I love this place!!They have an awesome lunch all you can eat special. They offer both vegeterian and meat eater options. If you go with at least another person I suggest one order the veggie and the other the meat option so that you get to try all of it since it is all you can eat and you can just ask them for refills of what you like best.Generally, there are 2 appetizers per option, 3 main dishes per option, and then rice and naan to go with the food. O and don't forget the dessert at the end!!I have many South Indian friends who have been here with me and think the place is good but they think it's not spicy enough. Just thought I should give you the fair warning if that's what you're looking for.By the way the staff is super friendly and super attentive. The manager commonly comes over to great the tables and ask if you need anything. I mean your water wont even go 1/3 of the way down before someone is over to refill it!
The food was decent, but nothing to rave about. I had the butter chicken and it was good, but again, I wasn't swooning. Rice isn't included with entrees and that's annoying. I've never been to an Indian place that doesn't include it with entrees. My bf got their signature lamb dish and I didn't care for it. The naan was good. The decor is cute. The staff is meh. Not super knowledgeable or helpful and not rude. I won't come back, not because it's awful but because there are hundreds of other Indian places to try and I'm on a quest to find the best!
BEST indian food i've had in america. Food was cooked perfectly with full of flavor and very authentic. Everything we tried was really good. The service was very good too.
Solidly good Indian food with an A+ staff. Extremely friendly and helpful manager assisting with choices. Butter chicken was a standout dish, goat biryani was delicious (but watch the bones !). I would highly recommend as a great local Indian spot.
Whoa, just when I had given up on Indian food in NYC, my Indian friend tells me about this spot that just opened up and tells me it's legit.  I ask him to sell me on it and he does (fresh spices, fresh sauces, perfect flavors, not americanized or "Britianized").  So I get the craving and make my trek from Morningside Heights to 1st ave/63rd.  I am not one of you disappointing (personally) yelpers who base so much on experience and customer service and one off incidents, BUT the service was excellent and friendly and totally fine and the ambiance was nice, a bit modern, whatever.  These 5 stars are for the food!  Holy crap...back in the bay area, with all the techies and engineers in silicon valley (an Indian workforce specialty if you didn't know), I'm used to some high quality Indian.  This was that and very authentic tasting which I can't even describe what that is, but trust me, you'll know.  The spices and flavors were right on, the chicken fresh, the samosas perfectly crispy and delicious, the sauces clean and neat and appetizing.  I got the house specialty equivalent to the butter chicken/tikka masala (forget what it was called) and the cashew chicken curry type thing and 2 garlic naans, rice, and cucumber yogurt onion sauce on the side.  It was ridiculously perfect and the portions were perfect and the naan was pipin hot and fresh and thin and god damn!  I agree it wasn't super salty and flavorful on the cashew chicken, but that's fine by me, because it tastes like it is using natural spices and not salt and tomato purees to bring out the flavor if you know what I mean.  But to see one stars and 3 stars in these reviews is LUDICROUS.  Yelp community, trust me on this one.  This is top notch, no regrets Indian food.  The real deal.  The owner came by and talked with us and you can tell he is a man who cares about the food and the customers.  Trust me, it's legit, as my friend told me, so I give credit to my Indian friend.  After him, I give credit to God or Allah or whoever for letting my Indian food craving be satiated in NY!  PS - Hurry now while it's BYOB (they also offered me some white or red on the house....that is first class baby...but I'm not expecting that, just think the owner was very gracious and had extra wine?) Hint: next door deli/store has Brooklyn India Pale Ale for $2.50 a bottle...steal!  I got four beers for $10 and they the restaurant stored 2 of them to chill in the fridge until me and my brother were ready for the other 2 beers...freaking awesome.
Out of the concrete world and into the depth of Delhi!!! I've eaten at several Indian restaurants for a decade in NY, more high end than this one, and boy, you always know your food from your hometowns when it's done right!We hosted a party to celebrate our wedding with our friends in new york and everyone was thrilled and so excited with the food.. more than 24 guests at the dinner table, a mixed multicultural crowd, filled with compliments for the food. The management and service staff was great too- They even let us bring our own alcohol and play our own music for the night, set our table really well and were patient even though guests stayed on late even after the restaurant was closed (nobody wanted to leave!).. We could see the effort taken in making simply great food and friendly service. Foodies must GO! I am extremely picky about Indian food, being Indian myself and I rarely eat at regular $$ places since I'm worried about getting sick from spicy food.. But here, no matter what I ate, I was fine! Each dish better than the other. Palak paneer, baingan, achari aloo, rogan josh and of course butter chicken were my favorites. We wish Moti Mahal Delux a Fantastic future in NYC!
Went to this place on one of these 100 degree days. I did not want to have Indian food  in such hot weather but my friends insisted, saying this place is worth a try. i was glad that i went.  The menu offers many options that are not those typical heavy Indian dishes with rich, creamy sauces.  We ordered 4-5 appetizers and 3 entrees. The quality of them were all excellent. You can tell that the owner and/or the chef spent  time designing each dish. My Indian friends explained to me that some dishes on the menu were every authentic, like the Butter Chicken, which is the original form of Chicken Tikka Masala (that was invented in England).  On the other hand, some dishes are fusion, or a modern take on Indian cuisine, such as an Indian style spring roll in a shot glass, complete with a tomato dipping sauce. Another favorite was the spinach cake infused with a tangy yogurt.  The food was so amazing. i will certainly go back and try different dishes. Whether or not you've had indian food before, you should give it a try, and you will definitely find something you like.  As I mentioned above, the food there is not heavy, which is quite enjoyable even on a hot summer day.
Awesome food and great service...our waiter suggested the choices and were they good.... Burrah kebab, golgappa shots, butter chicken, bheja masala, baingan and dal makhani..... My new favorite for mughlai food!
I had lunch here Thursday & Friday. Both days there were different selections. So fresh tasting so delish. A big shout out to Sanjit. He's really friendly and a great host. This is by far the best Indian food I've had in New York. Try it, you have to love this place.
Went there for a special event with great expectations and memories of the restaurant from my childhood days.  Didn't even manage to get seated.  Made an online reservation from their website, which apparently was not showing up on their system.  It was 1:30 p.m. on a Sunday afternoon, and the restaurant was empty, aside from a handful of customers, but the Manager decided that he could not host us because there was a "big party that was on its way from New Jersey".  Irrespective, was very disappointed at the behavior and the manner in which the request to be seated was handled.  Clearly a manager who does not belong to the hospitality industry.  Definitely not going back.
One of the best Indian meals I have had in NY if not the best. Everything was delicious. I grew up in Delhi and Moti mahal was definitely our go to place for Mughlai food. Their butter chicken and Naan was my favorite meal growing up. The food is not as good as what you get at the restaurant in Delhi but it is close enough considering we're in New York!
(FYI : I was born and brought up in India, so I admit,  I have strong views on what Indian food should look and taste like :-)I believe they have north Indian (Punjabi-esque) food down pretty spot on! My family has been going to the one in GK, Delhi since I can remember and the taste has been replicated  pretty authentically here too.I recommend : dal makhni, butter chicken, chicken makhni, garlic nan, dum aloo kashmiri.... just figured the phirni is a great idea for toddlers/children to order.
Very good indian food. They have really good samosa, lamb chops and chicken.Everything we ordered was tasty, full of flavor. The staff is very friendly. The manager took good care of us.Definitely coming back.
I was there with my family on a Sunday night.  We were seated right away. we ordered few appetizers and for entrees ordered chicken makhani, bhindi masala, paneer saag and dal.  Food was spicy, and portions were generous.  Service was great, Mr. Sanjeet, the manager was very friendly and made good suggestions in selecting our entrees.  I would recommend Moti Mahal to my friends.
Standard Indian fare, but well prepared and at reasonable prices. Definitely a spot to keep in mind if you happen to be near the entrance of the Queensborough Bridge and need dinner (the area isn't exactly bursting with options...). Remember that they charge extra for the rice.
Not only will this my first review, but more likely than not it will be my only review for Indian food. Being Indian myself and having the ability to get the same (similar) food at home for free, it is difficult for me to pay for the stuff, that being said I'm really glad I went here. In a nutshell:Golgappa shots = amazingChutney wallamachhi = sublimeVeg biryiani = addicting.I believe the manager, or the owner was walking around seeing how everyone's meal was progressing which was a really good touch. He also recommended several more dishes which I forget but if you are lucky enough to be dining while he is around call him over for a recommendation. The reason this lacks a 5 star rating has nothing to do with the food or service. Firstly, the wine list didn't really pair well with Indian food. To make a recommendation if the people at Moti Mahal Delux read this, try Sula wines! ..Indian wines for Indian meals. Secondly my family and I were there for dinner and it was too loud, this may be due to the acoustic properties of the layout or just loud patrons..but it was def too loud. I'll be back there soon..maybe this week.
Amazing dinner and evening.  We will definitely be back.  Service was exceptional; very attentive, prompt, and courteous. Ambience was perfect - quaint, serene, soft, romantic candle light, not crowded, but well attended for a Monday night. Started with the scallops, and then enjoyed 2 of their signature dishes; the original butter chicken and the signature masala with shrimp.  Both flavorful and delicious.  Can't wait to work our way through the menu! ;) Complimentary glass of red or white wine with dinner (pending liquor license I presume); its BYOB for now. We closed down the place and were treated with complimentary dessert.  I love Indian food and have been spoiled by Indian friends who are culinary masters with many authentic home-cooked meals.  This meal and service was worthy of 5 stars.  Hope you get to enjoy it soon!
Everything was delicious. I especially recommend their tandoori chicken. The service was also friendly and efficient. It's too bad the portions are so tiny.
I was looking forward to trying out this location mainly because of its reputation in London and other locations abroad. Service: excellent. Value: very good. Food: mixed. Their flagship dish, butter chicken, was indeed very good. Samosas were very good. The chana masala was also very good. Their lamb biryani: not good. The biryani had too much ghee/oil and the lamb was very fatty. This might have been "authentic", I don't know, but for my tastes (and what I expect and enjoy from Indian restaurants in NYC) it was far too oily. Rice pudding: good. I'm not sure about this but it seems they only served wine and beer. All that said - good value, great service, and a good atmosphere.
We walked in this past Saturday night without a reservation, hoping to wait for a table. To our luck, there was a cancellation and they seated us right away! We loved that it was BYOB and the ambience was wonderful. The lights were dimmed, but there were candles on each table and on the sides of the restaurant as well. The noise level was also perfect.We had the Rhoomali Khasta rolls to start, which were good. For the main course, we split the Tandoori Chicken and the Bhindi Jaitpuri (spiced okra) which were both fantastic! For dessert, we split the Ras Malai. The only negative was portion sizes. In any other indian restaurant, we find ourselves splitting main courses and still having leftovers. The Tandoori Chicken came with two small pieces, and we were still hungry after. The food/ambience/BYOB experience was so pleasant that next time we'll make sure to order more.
Great value for the area.  Prices are lower than nearby sit-down restaurants, and food was savory, good portions, and service warm and friendly.  My friend and I loved the Daal Makhani (buttered black lentils, fragrant and rich but not heavy),  the crab masala.
Butter chicken is as good as any other really good butter chicken. I think the hype is due more to the name. I have been to a real Moti Mahal Deluxe, and this recipe seems different, the one I had in Jaipur tasted better. Also there they had a plate with various things on it, not just one dish at a time. This place is good but I'm not sure it's worth going so out of the way for, unless you rarely eat Indian food, in which case it's worth it.
Good, but not the best. I'd never really dine at Moti Mahal in Delhi, but it was most familiar in NY. That being said, there are tons of tandoori restaurants in Queens that in terms of food are a lot better. In terms of ambiance, however, Moti Mahal is a great option.
We've been there twice and disappointed both times. I can eat spicy food while my husband cannot. They claim to cook food "Desi Style" which basically means no flavor and lots of chilli. The chilli was an appetite killer for my husband. Daal Makhani was  strictly OK (loads of garlic), the laccha paratha was good/fresh, goat curry was not good for me.I've had better indian food in NY- not going back to this one!
The quality of this restaurant has gone down the drain. I ordered a Sev puri and a Golgappa from this restaurant. The Sev puri arrived with no chutney and there were five pieces of golgappa with very very little stuffing. No where even close to a real sev puri. The Golgappas on the other hand were soggy and all tore from the bottom. Very very bad quality of food. On the day of Diwali, it was a super disappointment.Crappy Food!! Overall cost I had to pay for the order was $20!!! Totally worthless!!Am never going to order from this restaurant again!
the good: vegetables were extremely fresh, and sauces were beyond the ordinary, with dishes not usually found in american indian restaurants. i.e., paan, kulfi, etc.the bad: scallops were not fresh, the most obvious taste being "fishy"the desserts were dated - is serving desserts in cocktail glasses still a thing? - but well executed. however, the gulab jamun tasted soggy and nowhere near freshthe ugly: the portions were TINY: three scallops - each less than an inch in diameter - for 16.95? i think unnecessary. one large stalk of broccoli floating in a quart of sauce? ridiculous. the food quality was good, with a creative menu, but at $100 for three people (without drinks - it's BYOB), they could have thrown in an extra broccoli floret. service was...awkward? but attentive. our waiter slapped another on the ass while i was walking in...but alright? we're in new york...i had dinner a couple of weeks ago at the delhi location, one that i would never imagine was related to the NY restaurant in any sort of way - menu, atmosphere, serviceoh, a note - skip the tables next to the windows. the curtains are hung on this weird outcropping rod that means you'll be pushing them out of your way for the entire meal.go for: the okra, the tikka paneer, the ras malaiskip: anything not vegetarian
Im so happy that I have a new haunt in my hood.  I'm not a person who likes to frequent a restaurant as there are so many to choose from but I have made an exception for Moti Mahal.  The owner and manager treat you as if you are in their home.  They take special care to make sure your experience is wonderful.  Now the food.......It's all made to order.  While you wait the owner or manager will pour you a glass of white or red wine. I would recommend  the fritters,butter chicken, lamb chops, all the nanns, the rice dishes, and don't leave till you top it off with their special rice desert.  If I didn't live in the neighborhood I would be very happy that I traveled to dine here.
Went to pick up my meal ordered $50 worth of food and got home to open up a bag of disappointment. I got portions that weren't enough to fill up a starving kid. One of my dish's was missing its rice and sauces, my bread came shredded, when I called to complain and address the issue they kept hanging up on me.  Fucking horrible!!!!
I've knocked moti mahal in the past for the size of the portions.  But seriously this is the best Indian in New York.  It's amazing and also comes across as a neighborhood restaurant.  I've eaten at most of the highest rated Indian restaurant in New York and nothing compares to moti mahal.
Great menu and delicious good. The lunch specials are amazing. Nice venue for the price.
FabulousReally great food, quiet and beautiful decor. Flawless and personable service.
SO... Three things I appreciate 1) awesome food, 2) BYOB, & 3) reasonable prices!  Let's not forget AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS food.I was taken here by a friend who is from Dehli and he grew up having the original Moti Mahal as his family "special dinner spot". Needless to say, he claimed that if he closed his eyes, last night's dinner was identical to the dinners he had as a kid. He couldn't stop smiling. Anyway, I digress. They are famous for tandoori chicken and butter chicken. I was thoroughly impressed - tender, graciously spiced, and tender chicken. I thought that I've had great tandoori but this was an A++++ and I already have return rsvp for next week. Even though the portions are not huge, they are well apportioned for the $13 per dinner plate. I do declare that this is my new favorite Indian in the city!I would have given 5 stars, save the ambiance -- they are still trying to figure out the temperature settings. I walked into an Arctic chill, then after they finally turned off the AC, it was quite warm. Out of nowhere during dessert, the ceiling fans were turned on warp speed and blew out our table candle. Funny actually but then when it returned to the Arctic chill, I was happy to get out of there. The space is well decorated and the quaint, small location is a nice change for the hood. p.s. forgot to mention -- appetizer, (2) dinners, naan, and a dessert = $44.00
I love Moti Mahal Delux- it's my favorite indian place in the city. The Malai Kofta is my favorite dish there. It's a bit overpriced for dinner, but the lunch buffet is awesome. I love pretty much everything I've had from there. It's a small restaurant, so make a reservation if you're going for dinner.
I love Indian food and have been disappointed by most of the places I've tried so far here in the City, especially compared to places I knew in NJ or CA. So, I was excited at the arrival of Moti Mahal in my neighborhood.We went for the weekend lunch buffet, which included several appetizers, three main dishes, nan, kheer, and a small serving of mango lassi. The amount of food we received was generous for the price. The quality of the food is just average in my opinion...only ate there two weeks ago but can't really remember any of the dishes, a bad sign.  Spicing seemed muted compared to what I am used to...not sure if this is a sign of "authenticity" or not, but I tend to prefer bolder flavors. One odd thing also: we asked for the leftovers to be packed to go, but our server refused, something I've never experienced before! I can understand this policy for typical "all you can eat" Indian lunch buffets, but this place strives for a slightly classier ambience, and thus you receive pre-portioned servings similar to a normal meal! I tried to explain to them that the policy thus didn't make sense, but was met with just a blank stare. I hate seeing wasted food so this grated a bit.I might eat here again in a pinch since it is convenient, but would not consider this a destination restaurant for Indian food lovers.
I had a wonderful lunch experience with my sister today as we happened upon this place while waiting for our matinee movie to start at the nearby Clearview  Cinemas. We had the non-vegetarian lunch special and enjoyed quite a spread for only $11.95 each. They started us off with 3 different appetizers (all very yummy), then proceeded to the main dishes which included curry mixed veggies, curry lamb, chicken masala, dahl, basmati rice and naan (all also very yummy). You definitely get your money's worth and more. The decor and environment created a cozy, comfortable and relaxing setting to enjoy the delicious food, a much-needed break from the hustle and bustle resulting from the nearby Queensboro/59th St. bridge. The staff was attentive and courteous, without being pushy or overbearing.I recommend Moti Mahal Delux for good quality Indian fare (can't push more strongly because it is my first and only visit so far and consistency is key). But I look forward to future visits.
Loved this place - amazing flavors! Recently had dinner there with another couple and we all loved our food. I love Indian food and this is now on my list of favorites! The only reason I'm deducting a star for two reasons. 1. we had a reservation for 9pm on a Saturday and still waited 20+ minutes for our table. 2. the chicken was a little fatty / grizzly. Next time, I'll prepare myself mentally for the wait (we were so hungry upon arrival) and will order vegetarian dishes. But i'll definitely go back!In all, for a group of four, we ordered 2 appetizers, 4 entrees and 3 orders of naan. We all enjoyed our food (minus the quality of the chicken).
The Lunch Special was crazy. So much food for two people. After attempting to finish the third course of what I can only imagine is nearly every type of Indian food in existence, our sweet waitress, obviously seeing us in distress, smiles and asks if we are ready for dessert. Whew. Whatta meal. Also it was stupid cheap considering how much you get. Also saved money with my Select card too, so it was pretty much $20 for two people to have a feast. Not too bad in my book.
The lunch buffet is SO good and such a good deal - it includes appetizers and dessert and it's around $14 each. Plus it's not a run down buffet with food that's been sitting out; they bring fresh portions to your table on request. Love this place.
High quality Indian food.  A notch above many of the large number in the area.  Accordingly the price point is higher as well.  Dine-in is preferred to take out (by the time it gets home and cools and bounces around, you've lost some of the freshness and presentation that justify the higher price point).  I went for the classics - butter chicken, palak paneer, and naan.  All were delicious.  I may be stingy on the fourth star given that the menu has a number of specialties that I haven't but should and would like to try.
I've been here a few times and the food is outstanding! I've also received very friendly and knowledgable service so it was a great dining experience.  Another plus is that their dining room is pretty spacious (especially for NYC) so you get some space and privacy!
Most Lovely meal!! My friends and I visited Moti Mahai on Nov 8. We had the most wonderful meal experience. :) The owner made the most wonderful meal suggestions and gave me and my friends such a wonderful Indian meal experience. He recommended dishes that slowly progressed in spiciness so out palate could get use to the Indian flavors. Everything was delicious! Some of my favorites are the mango lassi, the Golgappa shots for an appetizer, the Butter Chicken, the lentil dish (Daal Makhani) and the Lemon rice. For dessert :) the pistachio ice cream and the Ras Malai. Two of my friends have never had Indian food before, this was such a wonderful experience for all of us:) I would definitely recommend this place! very authentic! and the owner and staff are so helpful and friendly. :) I honestly can not say enough good things:)
As an Indian, I would say this is one of the best Indian restaurants in the city. The food is extremely flavorful and the pre fix lunch is an awesome deal. You can choose from vegetarian or meat, but a good choice would be to ask for both! Only minus is that during lunch if you don't finish your food you cannot take it home.
I really wanted to like this to be my next favorite Indian restaurant in the city, but unfortunately walked away with the impression that this is yet another run of the mill mediocre curry hill like place.This review is for the weekend buffet, which is a cross between a fix price and a regular buffet in the sense you get unlimited servings of a fewer number of dishes at a slightly higher cost. For around $15, you get 1 appetizer, couple of main courses and a 1 dessert, along with the regular naan rice. We tried both the veg and non veg option. The appetizers were just ok, nothing that was a stand-out. The chat option served did not taste fresh, and lacked the crispiness usually associated with such dishes. The mains were a paneer dish, a lamb and a chicken. The paneer was ok but oily. The lamb had a gamy taste and the chicken tasted a bit raw that we had to leave the pieces out. The dessert was a rice kheer, which is absolutely the cheapest dessert that can be served.The service was decent, however like others said the waiters looked a tad bored and uninterested. The bigger issue was that if you are charging higher than the normal buffet price, and offering fewer dishes, the restaurant should make sure that those dishes are executed well. None of the entrees served tasted any better than a normal hot table buffet at any decent Indian restaurant in NJ or NY.
This is quickly becoming one of my favorite indian restaurants in Manhattan.  Their attention to detail and focus on just the right amount of spice so it's just perfect is commendable. For apps, we ordered the golgappa shots,  which were delicious but in my mind just the "ues" overdone version of indian street food. Wouldn't say it was worth the money.  For my entree I ordered the saag paneer, which was the best I ever had.  That paired with butter naan and cucumber raita was absolutely amazing.  My friends had the butter chicken which was also delicious.  According to them the scallop appetizer was a bit overcooked and rubbery.  I highly recommend the vegetable biryani.  It was phenomenal.  One of my favorite dishes on the menu.  For drinks they have a good selection of wines but wish they served up some cocktails.  All in all, amazing food for the UES, which lacks good Indian restaurants.
This is without a doubt  the best Indian food in the city. Lamb Chops, Aachari Aloo, Chutney Paneer. Each is a treat. Moti Mahal had 2 restaurants in Delhi in the 80s. This reminds me of the one in Darya Ganj. Old world simplicity with world class food.
good ambience. service was good. food was very tasty. We will visit again.
I wish I could give this place 0 stars. I am sitting the the restaurant right now and most of our food is either undercooked or cold. We told complaint to our server 15 mins ago and he disappeared and no one seems concerned.
came here for lunch.  15 dollars with tax tip for all you can eat per person.  food was delicious!  good atmosphere.  had to wait in line for a couple of minutes because the place was filled on a weekday.  clearly a lot of people agree how good this place is.  service was prompt and courteous.  would definitely come here again.
What a neighborhood gem - I wish I had discovered it sooner! Service was impeccable, and the food was phenomenal. I am still thinking about the delicious Roomali Khasta dish and the Murgh Makhani. Yum!
a huge lunch for only 18 bucks -- sold! 2 stars in the Times was well deserved.
I must dissent. The combination of food and service crossed this off our bucket list.  It wasn't just that the vegetarian lunch was spicy.  It was unpleasantly spicy. The joint's whole setup  was decidedly uncustomer friendly. During the day, apparently you have your choice of a vegetarian or non-vegetarian lunch special (appetizer, three vegetables determined by the kitchen, dessert). And that's where choice comes to a screeching halt. I'm mostly vegan, so I didn't appreciate the fact that one of the starters was paneer tikka and one of the vegetables was matar paneer.  If you want to order a la carte, you are perfectly free to do so. All you have to do is come back for dinner, because there ain't no stinking choice for lunch. I should note that theoretically you may order refills of the lunch items. But there is no  system, protocol, encouragement, or reminder to make this happen. We were initially surprised by the small servings; and as it turned out we had no desire for more. The unsmiling waitstaff is hard to find (we had to organize s posse to get some salt) , and certainly does not come by to check on the customers.
Their menu is extensive and satisfies the most popular demands while offering their unique take on classic dishes.  The service was great and everything tasted very fresh.  I had the Paneer Makhani and would be excited to go back and get it again and excited to try something new.
Super amazing wonderful food. I didn't even have leftovers, which is rare for me and Indian restaurants.  My only complaint is that I had a reservation and waited for about 15 minutes after, but the host was extremely nice about it and made up for it by giving us a lovely table by the window.
We went to Moti Mahal for dinner on Saturday night, in order to try their new New York location.  This is a well-known name in India, and I have eaten there frequently while living in Mumbai.  The restaurant did not disappoint, the décor and ambiance are great, with just the right amount of lighting, comfortable spacing between tables, and a corner location with large, wraparound windows.  The service was also very polite, knowledgeable, and attentive, but the highlight of the evening was the Food!  We started with the Kadi Patta Jheenga (shrimp) and Tandoori Chicken appetizers.  The shrimp was divine and probably one of the best shrimp we've ever eaten.  The chicken was also excellent, with just the right amount of flavor and moistness, and large enough to almost be counted an entrée.  Along with the appetizers we were also served crispy papads, various condiments, and a bread basket with fresh naan.  For the mains, we had the Crab Lehsuni, which was out-of-this-world good, and the Brain MMD Signature Masala, which was also excellent, but granted not for everyone, they also make this dish with different meats and I'd highly recommend it.  If this wasn't enough, we had an excellent Daal Makhani accompanying the entrees and a Phirni (rice pudding) dessert to cap off the perfect Indian meal.  My girlfriend and I are pretty big foodies and try great New York restaurants almost every week and this was honestly amongst our best Indian meals so far, we'll definitely be going back for more.
Great presentation and some interesting entrees on the menu. Food is pretty tasty. I would go again.
I ordered delivery from this place for my fiance at the cancer hospital a few blocks away. He cannot tolerate spicy food these days so I asked them specifically to make sure both dishes we ordered were made non-spicy. I ordered Saag Paneer and asked the woman on the phone for a lamb dish that was not spicy. She recommended a kabab dish that she said had no spice. First of all, an hour went by and I called her to see where the food was. She said that she had written my phone number down incorrectly and the delivery man came but couldn't reach me. After I called to check where the food was, she wrote my number down correctly and sent new food over. When I brought the food up to my fiance's hospital room, I tasted each dish and they were BOTH SO SPICY. I couldn't believe it. We waited forever for this food and when it came my poor sick fiance could not even eat it. Saag Paneer should not even be spicy to begin with...I feel as if she added extra spice because she was pissed that she wrote down my number incorrectly. I will never order from this place again. Even if the dishes were prepared as we asked them to be, they were WAY OVERPRICED! Also, garlic naan was cold and chewy.
Went for a lunch date. They did not have a traditional Indian buffet, but had "FREE REFILLS" on either the vegetarian or non-vegetarian options. Basically a buffet that is served to you. Everything was delicious! The lamb was so tender and the tikka masala was perfectly spicy! There were several other dishes, all "free refills." Staff was friendly and service was attentive. Definitely coming back here for lunch again!
Looked forward to trying since Peter Wells review. Sooo disappointed. Lamb was too tough to eat, manager or whomever in shiny suit spent lots of time fawning over people at next table...our waitress said zero..not even hello when taking order or ever. Big deal tandoori chicken was a squaw-sized wing, pinkish like tandoori, but no taste. So bummed.
The lunch buffet is a little unusual, in that they bring it to your table, course by course.   That means they control portions, which helped me to keep the amount manageable.   All the dishes are delicious, and reminiscent of the restaurant of the same name in Old Delhi.   Great place for lunch.  My favorite north Indian place in Manhattan, and that is saying a LOT.
Great! Good food. Great service (including warm towel at the end). My go to restaurant when I'm in the neighborhood or anywhere close to the area. I've tried multiple dishes and have yet to be disappointed. I accidentally stopped by during lunch and discovered they have great lunch special!
Delicious! Stumbled upon this place and after seeing the reviews in the window (NYtimes was one) decided we had to check it out. Definitely lived up to the reviews and I would happily go here again. The service was great and the presentation of the food was fun. Very good prices and BYOB. Great atmosphere and the place was hopping. Just wish it weren't so far away from my neck of the woods...
Really good most of the way. Awesome tandoori and butter chicken (makhani) and innovative way to serve gol gappas. The pani was okay for the gol gappas but I'm a harsh critic on that and have never liked any of the ones in NYC(except what my wife and I make). Also I realize it can't be as spicy as I would like it for the gen pops tastes. But it definitely shouldn't be this sour.  The chutney wala fish was a little undercooked and underseasoned. Otherwise might have been a five star dinner.
Perfect Indian Restaurant!  Followed Yelp reviews when  were looking for dinner before a show at Dangerfields.  We enjoyed the meal and atmosphere so much that we just skipped the comedy club and relaxed here.
Having been to Moti Mahal in Delhi multiple times, I was excited to try their franchise in NY! The food was amaaazing!! Everything from gol gappa shots to mutton tikka and butter chicken, even the onion khulcha was great! Its probably the best Indian food I've had in Manhattan, can't wait to go back!!
I have been here many, many times since moving to the UES last March.  I am not a fan of the lunch, but the food is excellent.  However, last time we went they had added a small, unpleasant waitress who either 1. didn't understand she was in the service industry or 2. thought being useless entitled her to the dubious honour of making inappropriate remarks rather than concentrating on delivering what was ordered.  I was prepared to overlook this on the basis that the North Indian food served is very, very good.  However, when we went in today, NY Marathon, the restaurant was busy and we wanted a table for 4.  The manageress said a table would be ready imminently, delivered a bill to a table which was immediately paid, thus, we were nano seconds away from a table.  Having rudely pushed passed us once - I find "excuse me" and "please" combine to make an effective statement - with a thrown in common courtesy, especially when you don't see the person.  She then approached us a mere few seconds later to ask us not, as you may think, to stand to one side or at the miniscule bar while she cleared the table but to leave us with this incredulous and unbelievable comment " can you wait outside"  - Jesus H, what a stupid, inane and incredibly ignorant take on the world.  Clearly having failed Waitressing 101, Common Courtesy ABC she decided to take a masters in "I don't know what business I am in, hospitality - who cares - and what good are regulars if they wont wait in the cold?"  Bollocks to this, we left and told the manageress why, who equally was about as interested in why we were leaving as she would have been watching paint dry/a plank warp etc.  I find a service proposition that is both rude and ignorant as objectionable as poking knitting needles in my eyes or as useless as an ashtray on a motorbike.  I will NEVER return, there are many, many good restaurants in NY and despite the quality of food and previous regularity of my patronage (which clearly counts for nothing) employing a rude idiot and having no interest in clients is definitely a minor drawback in the leisure/service industry.  Very sad for me and utterly witless from them - I have a very low tolerance for incompetence and stupidity and my advice is find a server who understand the import of return patronage and is not rude and useless.  Minor point but for those treading in my footsteps, if they don't action, I am sorry, in advance, for your experience.
Charming sophisticated setting and wonderful food.  Subtle flavors and bold at the same time.  Attentive service
The front room is attractive with its wood paneling.  Service was just ok.  The manager was warmer to the people he turned away than to  the people eating there.  The food was good, not great.  The prices are high for what you get.  Rice is, indeed, extra.  The bread portion is small.  $13-$14 for a small portion of vegetables is too high.  When the door opens up, there is a blast of cold air.  Don't sit in the front room in the winter time!  The Tandoori chicken, as another reviewer wrote, did only have two pieces.  The BYOB is a plus.  Once you have to pay for liquor, this place becomes quite expensive for any type of food in this type of casual setting.  I would give the place 3 for food, but only 2 for value.
Food was okay.  Five small pieces of chicken in the signature butter chicken do not make for a $15 meal. We usually share one entree between two people so we were disappointed that such a costly meal would be so chintzy. We eat in many Indian restaurants throughout NYC from high end to low budget.  This place is nothing special.  We'll stick with the fabulous tasting and appropriate sized portions at Chola.
Been here a few times. The food is great and the service is generally good, except for the most recent time. The owner introduced herself since we had come by several times, and said that dessert was on her, but when the bill came back, we were billed for dessert. We mentioned the owner's gesture to the staff but they didn't seem to believe us and ended up taking off half of the dessert bill as a "courtesy"!!!!
Nice atmosphere and good service but very disappointed in food. Not sure what all the great reviews are about. The portions were extremely small for the price. The butter chicken consisted of about 2 cups of sauce with a few small pieces of fatty chicken. The lentil dish we ordered was also tons of sauce with few lentils in it. The tendori chicken was good, but miniscule.  My parents ordered a lamb dish (I can't comment on this since I don't eat lamb) my dad liked it, mother hated it. I checked in with a yelp deal for a free dessert, which turned out to be rice pudding (we weren't given the option) which was not very good (it was an over-sweetened pureed liquid that didn't come close to tasting like rice). I really wanted to like this place since it is down the street from me, got good reviews and I love Indian food. Oh well.
Went with one objective - to see if the makhani chicken, makhani dal and tandoori chicken are comparable to Delhi standards. Tandoori chicken was as close as one can expect. But the chicken or dal weren't even on the menu for lunch (weekend) !!! For a place that set the standard for these dishes, It was like going to a South Indian restaurant and not having dosa or idli on the menu. So it was the first time in 40 years that I didn't have either dish during my visit to the chain. Left unsatisfied. The rest of the dishes were average; hence my rating of 3. I plan to go back again (this time for dinner) with the hope that this time I will have my butter chicken, dal and tandoori chicken.  Note to mgmt. - have the items that made you famous at least in the beginning. You will be competing with others that do it very well - Bukhara for instance.
This is a lovely restaurant serving high quality food at reasonable prices. The lunch special at $14.95 was especially enjoyable, being varied and delicious. Dinner was not at that level, as the scallops were undercooked and overly spiced. Superb service in a comfortable setting. It's even a BYOB!
the fish curry and lamb curry are so delicious. breading pudding is excellent too. service is a little slow
We were walking and we saw it and craved indian.Good Chicken Kurma (not sure im writing it correctly) and Cheese Bread!They were polite cause we showed up 10 mins before 3 (claoing time) amd let us get in!
We came to our usual favorite Indian restaurant with all the people from work and had the worse experience ever: for 15 people they gave us only 1 set of vegetarian and 1 of non vegetarian (that is usually good for 8 people) we asked for more food but never came (supposedly is a eat as much as you can). Then dessert was only served to half of the people because they "run out" of that dessert and offered a second option. They refused to give us a discount even though we complained about everything. Not coming again Moti Mahal!!!
Weekday lunch $14-15 or weekend brunch $17-$18, buffet style u choose veg or non-veg and then the food streams out as you request. Chaat and samosa for appetizer, non-veg gets two kinds of kabobs. We got two flavors of tender, juicy chicken. Chaat was good but hard to scoop off the silver bowl it's served in. Woulda been easier if it was piled high. Samosa are smaller than what u usually get so they're not as dense, better to not fill up on them.Didn't try the lentils but friend raved about them. Veg entrees were palak paneer and okra, both were tasty!  Veg entrees were lamb and chicken tikka masala which I could not stop eating the curry!  Rice was tender and kept my plate full, plain and garlic naan served warm!For desert we got ice cream. Def coming back!
The naan: thin, chewy & crispy. The lamb: tender & flavorful. Yellow lentils: on point with a spicy kick. Rice and butter chicken: dry but forgivable. Good price: $13 lunch buffet. Sadly, the service ruined our experience today.We arrived at noon when it opened, so the restaurant was empty (i.e., NOT busy). We informed the waitress we'd wait for the 3rd member of our party to arrive before ordering, but she looked at us with a stern face and insisted we decide soon as to vegetarian versus non-vegetarian, "I need to put in the order so the kitchen can start preparing it." She followed up by checking on us again in 2 minutes.*puzzled*If it's all-you-can-eat, I'm sure the kitchen had started preparing the dishes already. And more importantly, why were you rushing us? Sigh.She gave similar treatment to a neighboring table 5 minutes later. As we took our time with the appetizer (restaurant still not busy), she hastily asked if we were done, because "the entrees are ready and you need to make room." There was plenty of room since the 3 of us had a 4-person table. I tried to enjoy the food and not get worked up about it. In fact, we all subconsciously stopped making eye contact with her altogether because she looked like an angry Asian mother (speaking from personal experience).She had a ponytail, wore glasses, but never wore a smile. I wish I had asked for her name, because the rest of the staff (happened to be all male) were nice and courteous. But accordingly to my friends who frequent this place (close to work & undeniably good food), the service is unfortunately always lacking.
This place is a rip-off. The whole time I was there the one thing going through my head repeatedly was why did I come into the city for Indian food when there are more authentic and cheaper places in Queens.To start, my friend and I ordered the samosas. They were a bit on the small side if you ask me. They weren't bad, but I've definitely had better. For the main course, I ordered a chicken curry dish, the name of which is escaping me right now, but it was made with yogurt. My friend ordered the tandoori chicken from the entree menu. The curry was just OK. Again, I've definitely had better. I also felt like the chicken was a bit dry. The tandoori chicken was also just OK and small for the price.What really annoyed me though was that neither dishes included a side dish. We had to order rice and naan separately. Most places do serve naan separately, but really...no rice?! What kind of restaurant doesn't include a side dish like rice, especially when we're talking about something like chicken or curry?! That fact alone is steering me clear of this place. You can definitely find a cheaper/better restaurant that serves more delicious food and doesn't charge you for a side of rice on a curry entree. The inside of the place is definitely very nice and I have no complaints with the service but for the price, I would expect better tasting and quality food. Would not recommend.
My friends and i went to moti mahal for dinner. The moment we entered there was malodorous smell in the restaurant. We ordered golgappa shots. It was extremely disappointing as the puri didnt have any stuffing and the pani was tasteless. Our waiter notified the manager about our complaint, however the manager was never to be seen. The rest of the dinner was good but the management disappointed us.
Terrific lunch for $15. Its a steal. We got the non-vegetarian option. The lamb and spinach entree was the most delicious.
I order their butter chicken from seamless. It's very yummy for sure, but definitely not the best butter chicken I've ever had. I keep ordering it though because I know I like it and won't be disappointed. I also love that they include a gulab jamun in your order -- so cute!
Great food and service. Got the chicken biryani, which came in a ceramic pot covered with a thick layer of naan.
Great food!! The flavors are authentic and generous portions. Will order again for sure!
My wife and me were brought here by our friends who tried this place before. We were super grateful that they brought us. Everything we order had an abundance of flavor. The waiters took great care of our every need. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic Indian food
Came here with the fam for Father's day dinner. I noticed most of the 5 star reviews were from lunch buffet or takeout... where you don't interact with service as much. That says something. Great service can make a meal. Poor service can leave a sour taste in your mouth.First the good: - I arrived 40 minutes earlier than our reservation, and they actually brought me to the table and got me set up with wine and water. They did not make me feel uncomfortable or unwanted, which not a lot of NYC restaurants will do if you are not ordering anything besides a glass of wine while occupying a table until the rest of your party arrives. - Their sommelier was excellent. Very knowledgable about the wines, and the food. He really stood out. (you'll see why)- The dishes were delicious! Meat was tender, everything was flavorful, and perfectly portioned. Really can't complain about the food. We ordered: Cream Murgh Tikka, Butter Chicken, Saag Gosht, Crab Lehsuni, White Rice and Garlic Naan. Each dish was fabulous.And the not-so-good:- We asked for recommendations of what was especially good at this restaurant. Our server (who happened to be the manager) said "I don't know. Everything is good" ...? Ok, so we order. My dad then asked for a beer recommendation, again our server (the manager!) said "I don't know." This time he called over the sommelier who thankfully knew what to recommend. - My dad, the guest of honor, made two very reasonable requests: please bring ice for the water, and please bring the beer with the food. They asked if that meant with the appetizers or with the meal, he said with the appetizers. Easy, right? Wrong, apparently: the beer arrived after the appetizers, before the main dish, so... not with any food. And after asking twice, no ice. The restaurant was not crowded, and they had at least 2 staff members for each occupied table. It's not like they had to make the ice or the beer, so there's no real excuse to get that wrong.- We ordered the Golgappa shots as one of our appetizers. The menu does not give much detail on what they are or how to eat them. It came served in four shot glasses, so we assumed they were the same and each person takes one. After some discussion about taste, we thought that they might have been different flavors. We asked our waiter, who said he didn't know (surprise!) and brought over the sommelier, who explained all the flavors and how to properly enjoy the dish. He seemed shocked that our server didn't tell us. Again, not a great showing from the service staff. Still no ice by the way.- We interacted with 7 different staff members, only one of whom seemed competent, and that was the sommelier. Had the service been great, this could have easily been 5 stars. Maybe this is a great place for takeout or buffet, but we came for dinner... not sure we'll be back when there are so many places with great food AND great service. :/
After hearing many good things about Moti Mahal Delux, we finally ventured there for lunch yesterday....here are my thoughts:Ambiance is great. This restaurant is small but clean and tables aren't overly crowded. Definitely make a reservation. We didn't and had to wait a bit for a table around 1:30pm.Service is horrendous, which is why Moti Mahal loses a star. Actually, service is so horrendous that I want to take off two stars, but the food is so good that it seems unfair. We had to flag our server down for everything from menus, to ordering, to water, to the check. It was really annoying.Food is overall quite good:-- Chaat is great. Just wish it didn't have peanuts in it (my own problem, not the restaurant's!)-- Murg Reshmi Seekh was a hit with the husband. Doesn't happen often so this must have been good.-- Vegetable Biryani was delicious but very spicy. Love that it's cooked in the oven with a naan on top. And the naan was PERFECT. Just wish they could tone down the spice a bit. -- Daal Tadka was very good and a nice thick consistency.-- Palak Paneer / Bhindi / Dal Makhani / Rice - these were all part of the lunch special and were all just okay. The lunch special is a great deal but none of these stood out as very good to us. I think we'll order everything a la carte next time.Overall this restaurant is on the more expensive side and the service is seriously lacking. We'll be back for the food though, I guess we just have to bring our patience with us.
I was impressed by the lunch deal. It's $13 for an appetizer, an entree, sides, and dessert. Everything was very high quality, from the naan to the rice to each of the dishes. Very impressed. They don't tell you, but it's actually all you can eat. Don't eat too much in the beginning because they definitely give you enough food before the end. At the end, if you're still hungry, you can always get more of any of the items. Or...you had eaten too fast and need to slow down and digest before you consume the extra calories. Just sayin'. Service is good, fast. The ambience is also pretty nice. The dishes a la carte are pricier.
We went for the lunch buffet, but after we were seated and inquired about the buffet, our waiter informed us that they were not offering it today. We assumed it was because of the snowstorm, but w're disappointed nonetheless. However, he mentioned that they would include naan and rice with the purchase of an entree.We knew we wanted the butter chicken and, being not super familiar with Indian food, asked for a recommendation for a second complimentary dish. We ended up ordering the Butter Chicken and the Kadhai Murgh. Butter chicken: creamy sauce, tender chicken, so so delicious. Make sure to order rice and naan with it to soak up the sauce Kadhai Murgh: Spicy with lots of vegetables. If I were ordering only one entree, I would definitely choose this over the butter chicken because it was heartier. So much delicious flavor, would highly recommend. Garlic naan and rice: A must. Naan was fresh and moist. We didn't order drinks, so the bill (not including tip) came out to $37. We ended up spending about the same as we would have with the buffet and left full and satisfied.
Read the review frm yelp and went there on my new york trip and was not at all dissappointed... beautiful authentic north indian food.. the butter chicken is jst lip smacking, the taste which i miss here in germany... The kebabs and papdi chaat as starters for lunch are too good... Only the portion size was way too much... Suggest you guys to alter it and reduce a few bucks to make it more affordable.. bt still for 15$ for lunch as a tourist , i will take that anytime... worth visiting...
I am the biggest fan Moti Mahal in New Delhi but wasn't sure what to expect of this place in NYC. The food is the best north indian / mughlai food in NYC and brings back the same memories from Delhi. The place and service is great and food will have you licking your fingers. The place is known for it's butter chicken but as a vegetarian - paneer makhani is the vegetarian version of it.  The biryani is cooked in the oven with naan/bread baked on top. Channa amratsari has the perfect blend of punjabi spices. This place is known for the signature daal makhani but i didn't get to try it. The paani puri shots are attractive and come in a great presentation style. Location is the only thing that is not ideal but that will not hold me back from coming back here again
Long wait for food and the food was dry and too spicy. Its almost like they were hiding the bad quality of meat. And the worst part was it was expensive. I spent 60 dollars for myself for dinner, all i had was a beer, mango lassi, potato fritters, and chicken/lamb minced kebabs with lemon rice. Hostess was a beautiful slavic women that was thebonly thing i liked about the place.
I'd been wanting to try Moti Mahal for a while but I find it a bit out of the way. With a friend in town I finally decided to make the trek to the east end of the 60s. I don't regret it. The food was delicious and quite inexpensive. 4 people ate a lot for $36 each, including tax and tip. The pampadam (I'm sure I'm misspelling) were awesome. We started with the samosas and an amazingly tender chicken from the tandoori. The butter chicken, sea bass curry, and paneer spinach were all excellent. I really enjoyed the goat biryani as well. Our server was great and helped us order and adjust our order when she thought we ordered too much. I'd definitely go back.
I'm giving two stars as I have eaten here just once so don't want to be too critical. I ordered the malai chicken kebab and murgh makhani. The kebabs are expected to be succulent and tender. But the ones I got were undercooked. And as it was a take out I couldn't even send it back. Pretty disappointed!!! The murgh makhani was good so my dinner was salvaged. But I'd be skeptical ordering from here  next time!
Wow wow wow!! The most authentic Indian food in the city, and a vegetarian's heaven! If you're looking for good and legit Indian food, look no further! I took my vegetarian boyfriend here for his birthday and we both really enjoyed the food and experience. We couldn't decide on what entrees to get because there was so much choice (1.5 pages of vegetarian entrees in the menu and everything sounded SO good), so we consulted with our friendly waiter for his suggestions on what to get. Amazing service by the way! He spent time talking to us to find out what type of food/taste we liked before making his suggestions. We ended up ordering the Channa Masala (chickpeas in a tangy tomato gravy) and Dum Ki Ghobi Aloo (cauliflower and baby potatoes in a red gravy), both of which we LOVED. Take note that the entrees don't come with rice or any other carbs for dinner, so you'd have to order them separately if you want. We got the garlic naan which I feel complemented the entrees perfectly and helped to neutralize their spiciness. If you're thinking about coming here, you might want to consider making a reservation on OpenTable because the restaurant tends to fill up. I live close by and it seems to always be packed whenever I walk by around dinner time (not surprised!). I can't wait to come back here again to try some of their other dishes!!P.S. There's also a huge selection of meat dishes - I personally haven't tried them but I don't see why they wouldn't be as delicious as the vegetarian dishes :)
Pretty good brunch "buffet". They bring you assorted dishes for a fixed price and you can ask for more. Presentation is nice and solid atmosphere. This is one of our go to Indian brunch spots. But we are on the lookout for better as this place is good but probably not the best. Keep on exploring
Food was okay, we came for lunch, but we didn't finish all and asked the waiter for doggy bag, he said that they didn't have this  option, and didn't even provide me plastic boxes! Waiter was asking me every 10 minutes if we're done! WTF???!! He explained that lunch time till 4:00, so did he mean that we should've left the place ??? Dust is everywhere ! Dirty, bathroom is dark as night ! First and last time.
Great Indian food. I recently discovered this restaurant and since then have dined here twice in a month.The food is excellent. The vegetarian dishes are top notch. Both the yellow and black lentils- Super tasty. The malai kofta rich, a tad bit sweet but worth every bite. It has a really tasty gravy. The paneer lababdar is probably the best dish on their menu. The chicken dishes have not been very impressive. Both times they were a let down. But the vegetarian food is solid. The naans are hot and crispy and a great addition to the meal. Overall a great meal every time. While reservations are advisable I've walked in both times and have luckily been seated right away. Will be coming back for more!
My type of restaurant and my parents loved it on Father's day too.  Being from NJ, we have several great Indian restaurants so going to NYC, our expectations are very high.  Most Indian restaurants in NYC offer only the same experience and food quality as the best Indian restaurants in NJ so my family never had the urge to visit NYC for Indian food in 10 years.  My sister and I convinced them that this time would be better (hopingly) and we were right.  We went through a recommendation from a friend who is a long time business owner in the city and he was spot on.  This place was different.Based off of the Moti Mahal - Delhi restaurant, they bring unique food concepts to the table.  I like to try everything that's recommended to be great tasting so we ordered everything based on manager's rec. and all was very good.  Whether you agree on taste or not, I promise that the quality of food is always going to be perfect.  The best part was that we didn't have to pick up and read a menu.  It was a fine way to connect with the manager and wait staff and provided a higher level of experience. Have fun trying several food concepts for every course.
My family absolutely loves coming here. We come once a week with our kids and order the lunch buffet. No matter what they are serving, it is delicious. Everyone who works there is so nice and helpful.Food is served quickly and tastes fresh. I could eat 5 baskets of the Naan itself. The menu changes often so we don't really have the same buffet twice. Since we go weekly, we like the change in menu.I haven't had any beverages, but I am sure they are deliciousGreat neighborhood restaurant!
I really like this spot for lunch. Grab your coworkers and head there for an all you can eat lunch (no buffet..all the dishes are brought to your table)! Service can be a little slow when it's packed but that's no big deal.They offer Vegetarian and Non-Veg lunches and everything is delicious. Any of their lamb-based dishes are my fave, and their chaat is soooo good. Pretty decently priced for the area, and the decor is so pretty inside. This is a solid choice for Indian fare on the UES.
One of the best Indian restaurants I've ever been at. The food was amazing. We got the (equivalent of) butter chicken, and what we thought was chicken tikka masala but turned out to be a less saucy form of it - not complaining - both were phenomenal. The naan was perfect, and I got a mango lassi that was by far the best one I've ever had. Service was great, seating was comfy, super clean and spacious. Sure the food is a little pricey (18-20$ per dish) and sure you can probably get cheaper Indian food, but there's nothing more I could have asked for in a place. Love it!
This hidden gem can easily be overlooked because from the street it looks like a tiny storefront but don't be fooled...there are two dining areas. We sat by the windows in the 2nd room to the right. There is a cushioned lounge type of seating in the 1st room. The server was attentive and explained the menu ( several options for chicken tikka=huge plus). We decided not to have any apps and went right to the entrees. I think my best friend and I had a moment with the first bite. We just looked up at each other and had to have a moment of silence of how delicious it was. I'd say the signature chicken tikka I had was one of the best..and the Naan was out-of-this-world.I gave my best friend her birthday gift at the beginning and after we were done with they came out with a little fluffy white dessert and a candle to sing happy birthday... I'll definitely be back and try the apps!
Even though the butter naan bread really was one of the most delicious naan breads that I've ever experienced, ditto the amazing chicken tandoor, I only award 3 stars because the menu doesn't have any simple "mixed vegetables" item. Healthy options count for a lot, so this Indian restaurant doesn't pass. Plus, the waiter said the tandoori chicken comes with "salad on the side" which was just a pathetic few pieces of lettuce...
The food was delicious and for me the Paneer Lababdar and Daal Makhani were absolutely amazing. Try the Fried Okra appetizer.
I was really interested in Moti Mahal after reading a lot of commentary about their "unique style" and such. Of course, my table decided to order the golgappa shots, because that was seemingly the edgiest thing on the menu. Don't make that mistake. It's a glorified pani puri that they charge way more for because of the presentation. It didn't even taste that great.Then, we went onto the actual menu. The food was quite good. Naan was soft and delicious and the Paneer Makhani was absolutely fantastic. If it were any cheaper than $16.95 this would be a 4 star review. In fact, based on food alone this place probably earns 4 stars. But it's a bit more expensive than even comparable fancy Indian sit-down restaurants, which is why I don't think I would come back for their dinner menu. I'm certainly open to returning to try their lunch specials (12.95 on a weekday seems like a far superior deal).
Generous portions and very tasty food for a good price.butterchicken is excellent and egglant main course is also very good. Whatever comes out of this kitchen is highly recommended.lunch menus are served promptly so ideal for quick lunch and go.However, service is a little clumsy and delivery is unreliable. so outside the kitchen, it is you and your luck.
This is our favorite indian restaurant in the city and our go to place anytime we want "good" indian foodThe food is amazing - I particularly recommend their Dal, Paneer lababdar and Kofta - though almost every dish we have tried here, we have loved. The staff and management are very friendly and polite and very accommodating. We will definitely continue to come here whenever we want good indian food
As I sit here thinking about my recent meal, as I'm coming down and entering the late, contemplative stage of my food high, I'm starting to think maybe more like a 4.5.What can I find fault with?  I wasn't a fan of the Prosecco.  The Basmati rice was just okay.  The service was good, friendly and attentive but perhaps not exactly professional.  Hardly an indictable offense at these prices.I had the Golgappa Shots as an appetizer and while it was the most interesting thing I've ever had at an Indian restaurant, it didn't knock my socks off.  The shots were like Indian flavored gaspacho.  I don't regret ordering it and I guess, I might order it again but it could be better.Now.  If I had written this an hour ago, I would still have been floating down the street, on my way home.  I would have been searching for the "Woohoo! OMFG! WTH! I can barely contain myself!"  stars button.So no, nothing less than 5 stars on the Yelp-o-meter.My friend and I each had an MMD specialty.  I had the Butter Chicken and he had the Daal Makhani with orders of rice, Garlic Naan and Onion Kulcha.  For dessert the Gulab Jamun and Mango Lassi.  The bread was good and the Gulab Jamun was probably among the best I've had.  Delicate, light, fluffy and not over sweetened, with the rose water still playing a sublime role.The chicken though.  That Butter Chicken.  Perfect.  Absolutely perfect.  You know how you like Indian chicken dishes but so often the chicken is dry and overcooked?  Just forget about that.  This chicken was succulent and flavorful and the curry it was in was intoxicating, with just a touch of spice.  There wasn't even a fleeting thought of leaving any of it for later.My friend, who's favorite dish is Daal Makhani was similarly floored by his food.Maybe this was the best Indian dish I've ever had.  I've just moved to New York but I've had Indian in lots of places.  I've worked with Indians who've taken me to their favorite blessed spots.  If this isn't the best Indian food in New York City then I'll be surprised but it'll be an amazed kind of blissful surprise, free from duality, a divine ananda, like I felt after finishing my meal at Moti Mahal.
Wow wow wow - can't believe I just discovered this hidden gem! It's right in my neighborhood and it took me 3 years(ish) to find out I have the best Indian place in my back yard?!Not only is their service wonderful the food is to die for! We started with the Tandoori chicken. The char on this meat was delicious while the meat stayed moist and flavorful! We are this down to the bone.For dinner we got an eggplant dish, chicken masala, lemon rice, and buttered naan. Every dish was full of flavor and although the portions are on the conservative side, it was plenty for two of us to share and even have leftovers. Needless to say I will be returning very soon, in fact, I would go back tonight if my husband would let me :)
Came with my friend for good Indian food. The service was good and the food tasted ok. The reason why I'm giving this place two stars is because of the fact that they're rip offs. They overcharged us on the bill for things we didn't order. And sadly we didn't check until it was too late. When I asked for my food to be packed to go, they omitted an item and didn't put it in the bag. Again didn't realize until I got home. Food is definitely overpriced as is. But to scam us is just unethical. My word of advice, check the bag and the bill before leaving.
Today My family going India restaurant Moti mahal delox Lunch spaces Gobi Manchu nice..kabab Butter chicken very tasty and lamb madhara &Saag paneer and one veg items very very good My family happy for food .....I hope on more time come back ....Thank you for survey and waters...
The restaurant is much bigger than it looks from the outside! Their food was good and I liked their presentation. Overall, not too far from a restaurant in India, so i was satisfied. The Golpappa shots are a must!
So many of the dishes here are absolute must-try items.  First and foremost the butter chicken, which is tandoori-roasted before being covered in delicious tomato cream sauce.  Seriously, this is the restaurant that INVENTED BUTTER CHICKEN.  Whatever you've had anywhere else is just an imitation of Moti Mahal's original dish.  The dal makhani is also superb - the best I've had.  Mixed with butter as the dal cooks down, it comes out rich and nutty.  This place is relatively new in NYC, but is well known in India.  That NYC is often the first U.S. city to get places like this looking to branch out is one of the reasons I love living here.
I randomly found this spot while searching for good indian spots in the city. I must say I was very impressed with the quality of food. I love their chicken kadai, it is very good. I have been looking for good chicken kadai and this one so far is the best  I have had. The chicken is tender and moist and very flavorful and spicy. I had their paneer dish as well, I dont remember the name which was also very delicious. I also tried their prawns dish, its not a curry just grilled prawns with fresh coconut and its was different and good. I did not like their Malai Kofta, it was tooooo sweet, i couldn't eat it after couple bites. Overall, I would recommend this place.
Wonderful place for amazing Indian food. Nice and clean, just the way I expected!! I have been to their location in Mumbai and you can not tell any difference in taste of food. Very authentic taste! Veg Biryani and Mushroom Kabab was just awesome!
Samosas were incredible. The portion sizes were large enough to split for normal people.
I love this place.. I love food and service here.. I recommend garlic naan, chicken tandoori and Biryani here . I like the food quality here. It's delicious...
We've been coming here every year for my friend's birthday lunch  for the past three years. In short, we were incredibly dissatisfied with the service and portions, and will not be coming back next year for her birthday. We had four orders from the pre-set lunch menu, and the staff combined all the orders into one family-style meal. Not a problem. However, what should've been a meal for FOUR people resembled a serving size suitable for ONE person. The lunch menu used to be a buffet-style, and in the previous years, the staff would readily replace a dish as soon as it was finished. Today we asked for replacements, and even though the staff, begrudgingly, brought us more food, there would often be a long delay or we simply wouldn't get the replacements we asked for. We had to ask on four separate occasions for a replacement of the vegetarian appetizers (they ran out quickly because of how small the initial portions were). When they brought the appetizer out 20 minutes later, they only brought one of the two dishes we asked for. Later on, we asked for a replacement of the paneer and butter chicken. We only got the butter chicken (mind you, the replacement portion of the chicken we got was half of portion they brought out initially). We never got the paneer. A replacement of the naan bread was nowhere to be seen. Their dessert proportions were laughable--literally four spoonfuls. The tea definitely overpriced. They are getting two stars for the food. The food is very good. But, you can definitely find quality Indian food in the city for a better price, and a restaurant with better service. Updated review: "This review was dropped down to one star given the owner's defensive and impolite response to a critical review of the service at his restaurant. Note: this was the THIRD time we've been to this restaurant, and the service has declined with each visit."
The portions are large, the service is great and the food is incredible. It's a little expensive compared to other Indian restaurants on the UES, but the quality of the food is worth it.
I came into New York hungover (could you even be hungover if you didn't sleep?!), sleep deprived, and just plain exhausted from traveling from Hawaii.  I passed out at my friend's place and he promised me the best lunch ever when I wake up.After a quick walk, we arrived at this restaurant.  Luckily for us there was no wait and we just beat the lunch crowd.  My friend ordered one vegetarian and one non-vegetarian buffet option.  PRO TIP:  if you have 2 or more people dining, this is the way to do it to try all their offerings.I'm not really sure what we were eating but it was all fantastic.  I loved the chicken appetizer.  It was possibly one of the most tenderest chicken I've ever sank my teeth into.  So good we ordered another round of it.  The curries were fragrant and packed with flavor.  My favorite was the vegetarian paneer dish.  Included in this course was rice and naan.But wait!  After you've stuffed yourselves silly with the apps and mains, you get more!  Dessert!  It's a round bread-like ball soaked in a sweet syrup.  It was nice but way too sweet for me.  The best part?  All this for only $12 for lunch!  Shut the front door.  This was one of the best Indian meals I've had and I'm accustomed to paying twice as much for this quality/quantity of food.  Good service as our water was refilled frequently and they were all very friendly.The next time I come back to New York, I will make it a point to stop here.  It cured my pseudo-hangover in an instant with all those delicious curries, yum!
While we were in the area, i decided to look up indian places on Yelp, and this one popped up... so we went for dinner on Friday night.I forgot to make reservations, however when we got to the restaurant at 8pm, they were able to seat us right away.The Decor:Decor was simple and nice...  the main room opens up right from the front entrance.  overall the restaurant was a little too warm for me, however when the doors opened, it helped cool down the place nicely.The food:We ordered a some appetizers - well, the tandoori mixed grill served as the main appetizer.  The dish had some lamb chops, sheek kebabs, fish, shrimp, and chicken, chicken and chicken.Overall the dish was great.  I loved the tandoori chicken the most, along with the tandoori fish.For main course, we had the butter chicken, a chicken curry, the eggplant dish, and also the dal makhni... along with some roti, naan, and rice.Everything was great.  I had asked for the chicken curry to be spicy, however for my taste it was relatively mild.As we were celebrating my wife's bday, they ended up brining out a desert of gulab jambu, that was presented really nicely, with a candle on top.The Service:Our waiter was great.  very attentive and friendly.  He helped make the meal enjoyable.Overall, some of the best food we have had at an Indian restaurant in NYC.
Horrible food. They used to be good but the food quality has gone way down! Being an Indian, I do not recommend this restaurant to anyone. This is horrible Indian food. Not going again!
Amazing place for lunch buffet with variety of good food. The way they serve buffet is different than any other restaurants. They bring food to your table unlike other places you have to keep on getting up to get your own food. Lunch buffet is served starting with mouth watering appetizers and followed by main course and dessert. I highly recommend this place.
Food was okay but the luncheon buffet is a rip-off with a choice of vegetarian or non-vegetarian:  limited choices and high price.
Food here is amazing and authentic. I usually order take out as I live around the corner and the restaurant is always packed. My reason for giving three stars is because of the service fluting my first dine-in experience. I called around 6p to make a reservation for 3 people at 8p. I was given no objections over the phone about their availability for the evening and making the reservation, so of course when they took my name I assumed we had in fact had a reservation for 8p. Wrong. We arrived promptly at 8p and were told to wait in a small corner along their counter in the back. When I asked how long the wait could be I was continuously told "you're next." When I noticed a party of 6 who arrived after us were seated first, I said something and was told "they booked through open table you called a few hours ago" meaning they give priority to those who reserve through open table and us calling was more of a waitlist. What kind of BS is that? A reservation is a reservation. Finally after asking the third person how long the wait would be I got an answer of "5-10 minutes." We were seated soon after that however it was not until 8:30 that we sat down. Once we sat we had decent service, the waiter was friendly and helpful when I asked for suggestions on what to order. Food is delicious and authentic like I said, but I think I'll stick to takeout.
I was wandering uptown with one of my fellow . Had light breakfast so got really hungry because it was almost 1:00pm. My friend was in same situation so googled and figure out this Indian restaurant at the corner of 63rd st and 1st ave. As soon as we got in, well professional server welcomed us and took to the table and also hung our jackets. We ordered two non veg  lunch special buffets . They had butter chicken and lamb curry special. Service was promt . Had two varities of appetizers and 7 different courses of colourful munchy lunch  with enough calories to wander for another 4 hrs without need of  any juice :). Could eat as much as stomach can sustain .  At the end was suprised to see a sweet red ball infront of me ,called Gulabjamun in dessert.Very suprised to have that much portion of gourmet Indian food for  just $ 14.99 with excellent services . I greatly recomend this place .. try it you wont regreat.
Came here with my mom and sister was a bit nervous first that how the food would be. But it's one of the most amazing desi food resturants that I have visited,the staff the service the manager all are amazing and the food is tooo good especially the paani puri shots never have tasted anything like that and the biryani the saag and tikka are amazing the naans the beverages are cold and over all very clean amazing just amazing!!!!!!!
The Best Indian Food I had in New York. 5 stars for the food but one of the waiters was very arrogant. So -1 star. you can try1: Pani puri Shots2: Tandoori Chicken- best i had in US
I've ordered from this location several times in the past, typically with reasonable portions and flavorful food. However most recently we ordered delivery of our usual order of butter chicken and tandoori chicken, and received absurdly small portions for $15-17/entree. My butter chicken was essentially soup, only 4 pieces of meat. My fiance's portion was equally sad and small -- 1 thigh and 1 drumstick of tandoori chicken. Only 1 order of rice between two entrees. When I called to speak with the manager to kindly ask they rectify this order, his response was "I don't believe it. Butter chicken has 10 pieces of chicken. You bring it back so I can inspect it." FROM A DELIVERY ORDER. He expected me to take a cab 12 blocks to their restaurant, with my food, in a snowstorm, rather than accept that his staff skimped on the order. Now I am a very non-confrontational customer, but to claim that I was lying is completely unacceptable. I've never experienced such unprofessional service, and I will never order from this location again.
Best place ever!! So clean, food is delicious and fresh. They are so lovely and best service!! This place deserve 5 star!
This place is just awesome !! Soooo good food to pamper your taste buds n relish authentic indian food! Seating area is small but food takes over all ! Seekh kebab super like. Biryani a must have ! Just love love  Overpriced though for sure
Their lunch special buffet is quite awesome! The quality of the food is good and we've never had any issues getting seating. They offer two options: a vegan or non-vegan buffet. However, they always give a potato/veggie dish with the non-vegan. The plates are to share and usually very small, but my friends have never had a problem getting refills to their satisfaction. I would recommend NOT sitting in the back right of the restaurant as there is a continuous air freshener dispenser there and it's pretty awful to have tropical fragrance drizzled all over your senses while there's curry on your fork.
Completely overpriced for not that great food and small portions.  They charged $6 for an 8-ounce mango lassi, and when I called to complain that it's a rip off and that you don't expect a $6 drink to only be 8 ounces, they refused to do anything about it, and I'm a repeat customer.  Terrible prices, mediocre food, awful service.
Definitely a first class experience for brunch.  They have a lot of food in their brunch and you can ask them for no/limited spice if you can't handle that stuff.  Decor and atmosphere are top notch, service is very friendly and on top of things and definitely a good place to bring a date.  I'd return.
If you're looking for a brilliant indian Sunday brunch, this is the place to be! Moti Mahal's food was fresh and delicious. Their lunch special had a great variety of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes. The service was great. I am definitely going back for another meal.
Solidly good indian food, but a little pricey.  Service is always very good, and food always tasty.
best Indian food in city. Eggplant and bread are amazing. Veg biryani is made with ghee and taste absolutely clean.
What a great place! The food is the best Indian cuisine I've had so far. The staff was always on top of things and very attentive
Visited this restaurant on a whim this week as a party of 3 and was seated quickly for lunch (around 1:30). Our server was a friendly woman who explained the lunch specials and asked for drink orders. As my group and I looked over the menu was decently priced but hearing the array of food that was paired with lunch we all decided to go for the non-vegetarian special. We were pleasantly surprised at how quickly we received our appetizers which were all DELICIOUS! The main courses consisted of a lentil (dhal), lamb curry, mixed vegetables, butter chicken, and a few other fantastic dishes inclusive of our choice of naan as well as jasmine rice. I must say the lamb was by far my favorite. To top it all off we had gulab jamun for dessert. Our bill came up to $14.95 per person (without tip), and for the amount of food we shared this was great.  I will definitely be visiting Moti Mahal Delux again!
The food deserves 4 stars and the service a 1. I am being generous with this 2 star rating. We had a reservation for 8 pm for five people. We get there in time, and of course there is no table waiting for us. It felt Seinfeld-ian.Apparently they can take a reservation, but just can't keep one. Absurd! It gets better - we're told to move away from the entrance, and there's several staff around, but  no one speaks to us for a looong time to apologize, or even explain when we'll be seated or whether we will be seated at all.  We gather after a while just from standing around that a table is being prepared for us. We order a bottle of wine, and our waiter comes back to say that they're out of that wine. We order the Okra dish as part of our regular food order and the waiter comes back and says that they're out of Okra. At 8 pm ...really? The food itself was actually very good - but the uncommunicative, totally unconcerned and untrained waiter took away from what should have been a good dinner out. Between the service at this place, and their sister restaurant Awadh, we're not returning. The management should invest in some good training for their staff unless they want to turn off people who spend good money at these places given that both these restuarants have appeared in Zagat's list of  top 10 NYC Indian restaurants.To top it all off, the bathroom was a mess. Wet floor, and toilet paper all over.
I came here for lunch with my gal pals and we were stuffed! They have a set lunch menu for a little under $10 and they offer two options, vegetarian and meat. The prefixe comes with an assorted appetizer, which was 3 types of fritters, an entree, a side, naan, rice and dessert. The appetizers were so good!! It was crunchy, not that oily and the sauce on top of the one that looks like strands of deep fried noodle was interesting. It's their version of the "white sauce" on the halal stands. I think Indian food is all about their spices so if you go to an Indian restaurant and you eat something plain, there's something wrong. The entree is either a vegetarian masala or meat masala, which changes daily and the dessert seemed to be a tiny sugared munchkin in a warm broth of brown sugar. The amount of food given for this prefixe is more than you can possibly consume. Anything on the menu is also refillable. So load up on naan if you're a lover of dipping the naan in curry! I can't say the naan they served during lunch was that good though. It was warm but it wasn't as fresh tasting like the one I had when I ordered take out. By fresh I mean texture and consistency throughout the whole naan. I also ordered take out for dinner and seamless showed a longer ready time. The food was ready super early! The naan was huge for the price I paid! And there was TWO! I kept thinking there must have been a mistake but I didn't question. I also ordered a channa masala, which was packaged in a cute tuber ware and I don't remember if it came with rice but I do recall it was over $10, which I found pricey compared to other Indian restaurant masala prices. The customer service was decent. My water glass had a few dry seasons and it took a while to get the servers attention. Overall, although they might be a tad pricier, this is the best Indian food to get around the area.
Good quality food. Got Chicken anardana and butter chicken
100% my favorite Indian restaurant in New York. I frequent this place at least every other week. The lunch special is fantastic. Go with at least one other person and get one vegetarian and one non-vegetarian. The appetizers are top notch. The chicken is amazing. Juiciest chicken wings ever. It's sometimes something else but it's always amazing. The entrees however are he real winner. You get rice, naan, chicken, lamb, and two veggie dishes. And all of the variety of dishes are always amazing. absolutely love this place.4 stars because of the service. The food is that good, def a 6. But the service is MAYBE a 2
One of the best Indian restaurants I've eaten at. The good was so flavorful. I still remember the butter chicken and saag panir. It was good, though, the prices were expensive and the portions of the appetizers were extremely small.
A bit far from Curry Hill and other small neighborhoods known for their excellent Indian offerings, Moti Mahal is a fresh and seriously awe-inspiring establishment on the UES. This is some of the best Indian food that I have had in the city.The interior is dark and moody, perfect for a rainy night or date night. Pretty modern and clean aesthetic, not kitschy at all. The only thing is that it's pretty small, especially around the curvy parts of the restaurant by the window. I would advise not to sit around here as the spaces between tables are narrow (servers might run into you/your chair) and you are not really in a good sight of the servers. We didn't make a reservation when I visited, but definitely a must, as we waited a bit to be seated and were seated in that not great spot.Onto the food though. Absolutely delicious. We loved the sauce and chutneys that came with the papadum so much that we saved some for our entrees. We ordered butter chicken (what they're known for) and another person in our party ordered the Murgh Korma. I laughed about the Murgh Korma because it came with a nut gravy? Yes, I laughed not just because it said nut gravy, but because I was also hesitant about what a nut gravy would taste like. Let me tell you. It was really really great. I would definitely recommend this for those who don't like spicy food. The butter chicken was phenomenal. We also ordered garlic naan and it was as expected, warm and garlicky. The perfect vessel for scooping up the last puddles of sauce.Even though it is a bit on the pricey side, the meal was definitely filling and worth it. Will definitely be visiting again.
I don't give 1 star reviews... but this restaurant deserves it. Sub standard food and even worse service. To be fair, out of the 4 different types of appetizers and 3 different types of main course dishes, the lamb chops were good, the other dishes sucked. Out of the 3 main course dishes the lentil was good the meat had so much untrimmed fat and the chicken (the New York Times raved about) was nothing to write home about... the appetizers were so late coming out, they were coming out when the main course were... except for the manager, the staff was inept.
Ordered takeout from their $10.95 non-vegetarian lunch box - and it took less than 5 minutes!  I basically went in, admired their decor, ordered my food, and came right back out with a big brown bag - amazing!The lunch box came with creamy lentil soup, rice, naan, 3 entrees, 1 gulab jamun (syrupy and spongy dessert ball - recently learned what this was!), and 2 difference sauces (tamarind and chutney), which is A LOT of food!  The soup was amazing, I kept dipping my naan into it!  The dessert was a little too drenched with the syrup and lost its texture.  I enjoyed the rest of the food as well but they didn't seem to stand out from one another in terms of flavor.  Still devoured everything though!
There is no better place in the city for North Indian food. Hell, there may not be a better place for North Indian food outside of North India.What to definitely get: Dal Makhani - their specialty; arguably the hardest dish to perfect in North Indian cuisine.Vegetarian:Paneer Makhani - cubed cheese in a buttery, mild tomato gravy with an exquisite blend of spicesNon-vegetarian:Butter Chicken - Same gravy as the paneer, but with tandoori chicken!As a born and bred Indian from Delhi, my expectations for tandoori cuisine are now more on the dulled side than anything else, after living in New York for the past few years and trying every Indian place I've come across. Moti Mahal, though, has raised the bar in the most spectacular manner. Eating here is the closest I've ever felt to being back home, and in the three years that this place has been open, I can honestly say that it's only gotten better.The tandoori dishes are outstanding - charred in all the right places. The flavors are enveloping and invigorating. The lassis are as thick as milk shakes (a recent and much welcomed change).The service is warm and friendly, and the food is an absolute steal at their prices.I wouldn't blame you for calling me a shill after reading this review; truth to be told, food can be very much like a religion in the North (of India), and when we find a place we love, we evangelize to no end. :)Enjoy!
We frequent this place 'cos it's great for bigger groups too and has some amazing food. We've been here with both Indian and non-Indian crowds and everybody loved the food here.Among appetizers, their kebabs are a must-try.  Try the bharra kebab or the anardana tikka. The latter one is slightly sour, but has amazing flavour of pomegranate along with other spices.Palak paneer and butter chicken are pretty good too. Birayanis are great, specially the ghost(goat) biryani. Meat is perfectly cooked and tender enough to make you crave for more!  They also had something like gol gappa shots which look fancy but are not worth trying.There's a guy there who seems to love kids. Both the times we went there with our friends with kids, he got the kids tablets to play with one time and peas pulav for free this other time! They also start with free papads that are delicious.
Lamb chop,  grilled chicken and butter chicken are so delicious!! Definitely will come back! Great service too!
Amazing Indian food! We were a large group of people and came here for lunch to celebrate our coworker's birthday. Ordering is very easy - you just tell them whether you're vegetarian and a myriad of amazing food varieties start showing up on the table. The food is really good, very authentic and delicious. I will come back for some more bhel! :)
Tandoori chicken was the best I've had, garlic naan was warm and plush, Chana masala was hearty & had sufficient spice. Chaat appetizer was pretty tasty as well. Service was fine- not super attentive but definitely not bad.
Pretentious over prized Mughalai Indian cuisine.  Gol gappa shots were a big disappointment. 4 golgappas for $9? The water used for the shots was too salty and was served warm. I've never had worse gol gappas in my life and I know because I grew up eating all sorts of them in Delhi.The food tastes ordinary and is inexplicably over prized. The food surprisingly tasted a lot like $12 buffet you can get at this curry hill restaurant called Bhatti. I wouldn't be surprised if the same person owns both places and serves the same food but at much higher prices.I ordered samosas and chicken korma. The former looked liked those tiny weird samosas you get from the frozen aisle of your local grocery store and the latter tasted like someone miserly dropped a few pieces of chicken into a sauce of molten butter.I am not surprised this place gets many of its high ratings from people who really don't know Indian food.
We came here for dinner on a Saturday night. We had prior reservations, so wait time wasn't an issue. We were greeted warmly and promptly seated. Our server was friendly, and service was really good. The food: we had lamb rahra, butter chicken, chicken malai kebab and naan. Everything was spot on, but special mention goes to the lamb. It was cooked to perfection and was extremely delicious! After dinner, they brought warm towels soaked in jasmine water to clean our hands. That was winning touch; it is a common practice in India, but this was the first that I've seen a restaurant replicating it here. I will most definitely be going back! Since we went on Valentine's Day, I was also given a rose at the end before we left.
Usually, first impression is last. Well, not in this case. On our way to Long Island, this  tiny restaurant came on our way & I thought wow its so small, wondering how its food must be like :O. Apparently, I got a surprise birthday party there from friends & the place turned out to be really great! We tried all different dishes & all of them tasted yummy. Specially their chicken is delicious. Four start because, place is a little tiny, they can use more tables around for sure. But yes, craving for delicious Indian Food, a must must place to go!!!!!
The service was poor. Food mediocre. Not worth the drive or the price you end up paying for parking.
So, I came here about two days after a (dissapointing) meal at Bengal Indian Tiger, which has a 4 1/2 star rating mind you at the time I'm writing this. Having tried Moti Mahal, I'm definitely never going back to Bengal tiger. Even from the price point alone, it just doesn't compare. $20 dollar(ish) here will get you an all you can eat lunch for two that tastes excellent, while $20 at bengal get's you bland tasting indian food for much less portion.I can't give a full five stars because I'm a bit dissapointed with the mutton. It didn't taste as great as it looked. But don't worry. The murgh makhani (chicken) makes up for it beautifully. Just ask for extra portion of the chicken when you get here.Plus, don't be afraid to try the gulab jamun here. I overheard my neighboring tables saying no to the gulab jamun because they said the last time they ate one it was way too sweet. That's definitely not the case here.
Best place to go for lunch . Food is really good and I like the variety of dishes they serve . I could never complete the food they served . Quantity is too much .
The food is good, but I was very disappointed by the service. The server didn't want to give us menus, pressured our table into getting the lunch special, and when I explained that I couldn't eat paneer due to dietary restrictions, she said they couldn't substitute  it and that was what I'd be getting. I was the only vegetarian at the table, so this severely limited my options. They never came by to bring more rice or naan, even though there were six of us and there was not enough for everyone. Then they wouldn't let us take the leftovers home. I love good Indian food, but it's been a long time since I've been that disappointed by service. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because the food is good. I left the restaurant hungry and bewildered, and I won't be going back.
This was my first indian spot to try out in NYC. Heard about the lunch special and couldn't resist such a good deal! It was $11.95 and honestly just the appetizers alone were worth that. Especially considering NYC dining prices. The apps were filling and delicious. Then the waiters brought out selections of both veg and non veg entrees (chefs choice), naan and rice. Our table was covered in food, it was so much! It was just myself and my husband but a party of 4 could have easily eaten from our spread. To top it off if we wanted refills on anything we could have gotten it! The food was delicious but unfortunately a lot went to waste because it was just so much, and 1 or 2 of the dishes we just didn't care for. Not that they weren't good but they were a part of indian cuisine that we hadn't explored yet. All in all it was a good place to try out! The service was great an the Restaurant is small but modern. Hopefully the butter chicken is served when you go? It was delish!
Well, I came to know about this place from one of my friends and planned to give it a shot. The place is small but it does accommodate a number of them. The waiters are not so polite but the food was amazing. I tried the okra pakora and panner makhani with garlic naan. Both were well prepared and served at the right time.I found it a bit pricey, but that's just me. I would visit it again if I find time but not a place to crave for!
Can't say anything about the food because we were never served. This review is solely for the staff, which I feel deserves zero stars as they may as well have been non-existent. We came here for lunch today and a woman asked us for how many and I said 2 for lunch. She directed us to a table which I did not like so I asked if we could sit at the next one. No response. She merely walked away. Totally strange, if you ask me. Then after a few awkward moments another woman offered us the same table and I again asked if we could sit at the next one. This one said ok. So, finally we were seated, and water is brought to us. I asked about the lunch special which I then decided against so we asked for a menu. So the menu was brought to us and we finally decided on what we wanted. Now came the waiting game. After about 15-20 minutes of sitting at the table with our glasses of water and staff walking by us without acknowledging us or asking us if we were ready to order, we decided they had no interest in serving us. I was very tempted to approach the woman who sat us at this table, who, by the way, was looking at us, and confront her about the lack of service. But I did not. We just got up and walked out. I should have asked her why we were treated so poorly. In a service industry, there simply is no room for such behavior. I find the attitude of the staff at this restaurant rude, disgusting, and very off-putting! Management needs to seriously address this issue! I will not recommend this restaurant to anyone. There are many more restaurants that serve Indian cuisine in this part of town where one may actually be treated like a human being. Epic fail MMD!!
My boyfriend and I came in here on a random day and we were completely underwhelmed.Our natural comparison was Agra, only a few blocks away and EVERY single bite we took we both thought, Agra is better.I wouldn't go back.
let's start with the good things... the ambience is great, and the service is beyond spectacular. waiters touch up your table every few minutes to check on you, and we had a large party (12 people). food came out in a reasonable amount of time and was a good temperature.now for the bad... the food was (way below) subpar. butter chicken was extremely heavy, and the chicken was a tad overcooked. the veg kofta was exceptionally sweet, and none of the entrees came with rice or naan (which is ok, considering its location).also the beers were mad flat. not sure why... but I'd recommend checking out another Indian place in the area if you'd like to be satisfied.
Moti, moti, moti. How does your Gulab Jamen go? Let me count the ways. Service is spectacular. Attentive and to the point. The food is beautifully prepared and tastefully presented. The flavors from the curries and the roties are exquisite. This place has been blessed by Zagats and Michellin, so, this review isn't going to alter a thing. The beer is overpriced. Guys, $8 bucks for a Kingfisher, really. Not a deal killer, but it goes so well with the menu, that you can easily double your tab on booze alone. Seems a bit petty. But then again, it is the Uppah Eastside! Sorry, you're not charging enough for the Kingfisher...how's twelve dollars and serve it with a doily.
I've eaten in once and ordered delivery from Moti Mahal Delux multiple times.  They send generous portions, and the food is good quality.  While I've had more delectable Indian food in other parts of the city, this is definitely a go-to spot for the UES.  Their house special dal is really a star attraction.
I went in for the brunch and it was great! So much food! The only thing was the service was a little slow. But I highly recommend the place. Nice atmosphere.
One of the best top 4 indian restaurants i have been to in NY. The food is of top notch quality. We had the pani puri, tandoori chicken, chicken kebabs, mutton kebabs, chicken tikka masala, chicken biryani, chicken signature masala, lassis and naan. Every single item was amazing and fresh and authentic and full of flavor. I would highly recommend.
Best Indian restaurant in Manhattan! So delicious and authentic. A little pricey but worth it. Make sure you come for the lunch special mon-sun very strict about the 2 hour window 12:30-2:30! You won't be sorry!!
We waited 30min for our food without any communication. Apparently they oven broke but the table next to us, who arrived later than us, got their food first. Very bad service and the food is not even that good.
I am not a huge fan of Indian food in NYC.  Not because I dont like the cuisine, but because its poorly made in many restaurants in the city.  I live close to this place and I have to say I was very impressed by my experience at the restaurant.  The service was exceptional and professional.  I ordered the spinach paneer and the lamb ghost on the menu.  The lamb was excellent as was the spinach dish.  Onion naan was exceptional.  Absolutely pleased with this place.  They are a little too expensive for what you get, but worth it for special occasions.
Middle of the road! Good courteous wait staff. Ordered Food comes in in reasonable time. Portions are small ( I know it's New York, NY) but still lot of scope for improvement. Adventurous attempts at recipes - may be it takes more tries! Overall, not bad, but far from 4 stars. I am feeling generous and give it 3!
My alter ego, the fat stray cat (introduced in a previous review), has found a new home in the alley behind MMD, where he merrily feasts on scraps of food from this fountain of deliciousness!While the service is not always the friendliest or attentive, the taste of the food trumps it all.  For appetizers, I love all of their pakoras (fritters), which include your choice of shrimp, fish, chicken, calamari or okra.  Among their entrees, the kadi patta jhinga (marinated and grilled shrimp) tastes so good, it renews my hope for a life worth living.  They also have one of the best chicken makhani I've tasted in the City.  The lobser masala is splendid, as are all the varieties of the MMD signature mala, which include shrimp, crab, chicken and.... brain!  Yes, goat brain!  Of this, they often run out, though, as supplies are limited.The fact that MMD is located diagonally across the avenue from where I live makes it a frequent dining spot in frigid weather like today, when I don't want to walk far.
Cute place! And great buffet lunch special. I walked in expecting to see a buffet set up at the back of the establishment but to my surprise, nothing! Everyone was seated and waited on... Really?? I'd only been to Indian buffet places that you had to serve yourself. I quite like this set up!My companion and I were seated near the window - freezing by the way! Maybe they could turn up the heat or something! We aren't in the Caribbean... Aside from being frozen, the place had great atmosphere. Very sunny and bright with white table cloths. I'd imagine it'd be nice during the summer when the windows are open.Food was great but don't ask me names - too hungry to listen to what the waiter said as he set down food! I only know of chicken tikka masala, which is generally my dish of choice at any Indian restaurant but today my fav was actually their cod special. Absolutely delicious! Had to ask for another serving of that... Mmmmmm.Dessert was rice pudding? Not sure. I wasn't a fan but it's because I didn't like the texture. Flavor was good. Not too sugary. Btw, they do have vegetarian options. Just tell them if they forget to offer it before bringing out food.Definitely coming back... but only if I am in the area or willing to make the trek east. So far from midtown west...
By far the best indian food I've had! Everything we ordered perfectly complimented the other. The naan was amazing! Service was speedy and staff was pleasant. Only negative was a small selection of beer and no cocktails. Otherwise amazing restaurant! Definitely coming back!!
Wow wow wow! My wife and I went here for dinner last night. As soon as we walked in, the smells let us know that we were in for a treat. Instead of ordering any appetizers, we ordered three entrees  to share. The palak paneer was the best I have ever eaten. The garlic chicken was amazing and tender. I forget the name of my wife's choice, but it was the house special chicken, delicious. Garlic naan and another bread filled with lamb arrived steaming, crisp and perfect. Service was friendly and unobtrusive. Highly recommended. We just don't get Indian food like this back home. I wish...
For the record, this place is more of a 3 1/2 star place.Anyway, came here on a Monday night with a few friends, and thought it was pretty good overall. We ordered an appetizer (the golgappa shots), which I wasn't much of a fan of- it was definitely the least pleasing part of the meal. Afterward, I ordered an entree- the murgh makhani. That was actually fantastic- 5 star quality. The chicken tasted great and the curry was very tasty, imo. The entree was a bit expensive, at $17, which is why my rating for this place would be a little bit lower than if it were more reasonably priced. Overall, I thought the food was very good, but I wouldn't return because it's just far too expensive- $30 for the [shared] appetizer, entree, naan, tax, and tip.
This is one of the best lunch deals. Instead of a buffet, they bring unlimited dishes to your table. The food is very good (though a little heavy). So, come on an empty stomach.
Was walking around my neighborhood looking for a bite to eat. Usually when I walk up 1st avenue I dingy bars or restaurants that I wouldn't want to enter. Then I looked across the street and saw this little gem.MMD isn't flashy. And the lights inside are so dim that you think the places isn't open. But I'm glad I walked in. I'm a sucker for garlic naan and it didn't disappoint. Also I asked for the spiciest chicken dish and loved the flavor. It hit the spot.
Oh my word.. A higher level of Indian buffet style when they bring it from the kitchen to your table. My only hope this place wouldn't go viral and make me wait online to enjoy the Indian cuisine. Not only I'd be disappointed but my husband would not go with me. So please to whom Indian food lovers, calm down. This is a little secret I tell you!
We have enjoyed dinner here several times when visiting NYC from Phila.  After reading the reviews on their $12 lunch we decided to give it a try.Well, it was  delicious.  How did they know what we liked?  The quality & quantity were spot on.  Can't imagine anything better.  Did I mention the rice pudding?  A New York lunch for $12!
Absolutely delicious great great great indian food and awesome service.  You can tell people there care about their restaurant and food.    Will go back!! The price food ratio is the only reason i am giving 4 stars
MMD, what's a nice restaurant like you doing at an address like this?1149 First Avenue. It's been home to many Indian restaurants in the past - Baluchi and Bawarchi being 2 prior tenants in the 5 years prior to Moti Mahal Delux (MMD)'s incarnation. However, instead of being haunted by the ghosts of restaurants past, MMD, is able to charge prices that would be 20-25% less than what you'd pay for an Indian restaurant in Mid Town East - partly due to cheaper real estate.Speaking of prices, I don't understand those who whine about MMD being expensive. Seriously, just because the cuisine is Indian, does that mean that a meal SHOULD cost less than $ 20 per person? Do the whiners understand that quality of ingredients, and uniqueness of preparation, result in higher costs - and thus actually merit higher prices? Or do they think that just because the restaurant has "Mahal" in its name, they should pay the same prices that they did for that pathetic Indian restaurant of their college years, likely one that had Taj, Mahal, India, or Curry (if not Hurry) in its name?Saffron. It might well be the most expensive food in the world (good saffron ranges between $ 2,500-7,500 per pound, depending upon origin). Quality saffron is used by chefs in the Indian subcontinent when they want to impress the guests - sparing no expense in doing so. Saffron, is the secret ingredient in MMD's famous Dal Makhani, a dish so well executed that NY Times described it as "a bowl of lentils (that) can make you go wobbly with happiness". Despite dedicating two paragraphs to it, Pete Wells wasn't able to identify the starring turn of saffron -instead focusing simply on the ocean of butter that the lentils has absorbed.Now I didn't try their "signature" Tandoori chicken (apparently reason alone for the owner to acquire this Indian Franchise), for I never eat Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Massala or Tandoori chicken at an Indian restaurant - pet crutches of the food critic who doesn't understand Indian cuisine. In fact, should you find a review of these in my reviews, please do alert yelp HQ that my account has been hacked... as there could be no other reason. But, I did try enough chicken dishes in the menu to realize that the kitchen converts a pollo into Apollo! Starting from the clay oven dishes (Anardana Tikka: chicken with black pepper, pomegranate marinade; Cream Murgh Tikka: cardamom, cream cheese marinade) to the Kadhai Murgh in the entrees, they are all superior executions. I've also liked the Mutton Tawa Tikka (grilled mutton cubes, finished on the griddle). However, I can't say that I'm a fan of the spiced okra, or of the Biryani (despite the grains of rice not being clumpy, but distinct - as they should be) that was, to be polite, bland. I do think their vegetarian executions lack those for chicken, but not every Indian restaurant in the city excels at vegetarian - the way the cuisine should, per potential.Unlike the NY Times' view, I didn't think that the desserts were a waste. The first time I tried it I really liked the Ras Malai, however the next time around, I thought the consistency of the cream was lacking. Instead, I much prefer the Phirni (rice pudding with raisins) that has to be amongst the better versions in its class, and much denser than comparative interpretations.Service is competent, but not exceptional as at Tulsi. The comparison is relevant as the manager at Tulsi was prompt to greet me with "nice to see you again" on my 2nd visit, while my 4 visits to MMD in 2 weeks led to no such recognition in any of my visits. That said, I'll live with the price / value proposition of MMD any time over that of Tulsi. (4.5 stars)
Moti Mahal was recommended by an Indian friend from NYC. She said this is a famous chain in India and they are known for Butter Chicken. Sure enough!! I found the right place for butter chicken! The restaurant looks classy inside (white table cloth type of restaurant) and the food was cooked well. Just the smell of the food after it was dropped on the table said something about their menu. It was flavorful! Will totally be back.
Lunch "buffet" is really an AYCE off a LIMITED set menu. Food was ok and price is kinda high.
All this time this amazing restaurant was right in front of me & I never went in! The space is clean & well decorated. The service was prompt & attentive. The food was spectacular! It was the best Indian meal I have ever had! I am not exaggerating it was that good. Indian food tends to be heavy so I don't eat it often, but next time I have a craving I will absolutely return here. After trying their dishes I can't imagine having Indian food anywhere else.
Food has vastly improved I use to love this place and frequently order from here but I'm done. I'm not sure if they changed their chef, but the last 5 dishes I have ordered on take out have been horrible. Meat is over cooked and dry or too much spice or too little. Their methi chicken use to be my favorite Indian dish in the city. I've tried several different dishes here and they've all been subpar. Done with this place, especially for the price point.
It's ridiculous that it took me a year to try (and then some  to review) Moti Mahal Delux considering that it is a stone's throw away from my boyfriend's apartment. Feel like I missed out the whole time, because the food + experience at this modern-style Indian restaurant was top-notch! I stick with what I know (and love) when it comes to Indian food so we ordered the usuals - samosas, garlic naan, murg korma - along with some sort of lamb curry dish my boyfriend picked. The sauces weren't as bold as some might want from an Indian place, but I liked the subtlety in flavor. Not only was everything we ordered delicious, but the service was great! Our waiters were attentive about re-filling our waters, and when we opted for naan only, they brought out complimentary rice - because, in the waiter's words, "Trust me, you'll want rice with this curry."  Whilst you can find Indian food in a lower price-range (for dinner, I mean - the lunch buffet seems to be the best deal you can find!), you'll be hard pressed to find better service coupled with delicious food. Oh, and for a place so well-reviewed by both Yelpers and food critics alike, I was pleasantly surprised to be seated immediately for dinner without reservations.Hoping to finally get a chance to try out the lunch buffet next, when I finally get a day off of work!
Quick and delicious lunch, several different small portions but plenty enough for a hungry curry fanatic to walk out of there stuffed and satisfied X!
Love at first bite! Located in the East 60's, Moti Mahal Delux serves some of the finest Indian food I have had to date in NYC/NJ. My regular order at Moti Mahal Delux includes:Golgappa Shots - A popular street food in India presented in an innovative form.Bhindi Jaitpuri - Okra tossed in tomatoes and onions.Murgh Makhani - The Original Butter Chicken.MURGH TANDOORI - Highly recommended! Murgh Tandoori aka Tandoori Chicken, is a popular North Indian dish marinated in yogurt and spices, traditionally prepared in a tandoor (clay oven). I have ordered this dish many of times at other Indian restaurants, rarely do you find a place that offers you the same authentic taste that you find in India. The Tandoori Chicken at Moti Mahal Delux is simply perfect! The service at this modern style Indian restaurant is awesome. The staff is courteous and pays special attention to their customers. The manager is attentive and very friendly; he never fails to remember his customers! On my most recent visit, about a week ago, I noticed the restaurant now serves beer and wine whereas before it was BYOB. I definitely recommend that you make a reservation; I have seen many times people get turned away for not having a reservation. On the whole, a great dining experience, and the food here is just HEAVENLY!
Now, I'm brown. Home-cooked food all the time. And with that, I can say, this place is GOOD! I went with my family for mother's day. They were super accommodating for a last-minute reservation for 5+ baby. The place wasn't snooty about babies being loud and annoying. Staff was nice. Owner/manager kept coming out to check up on tables and helped servers. Great, thick masala dishes. Not filled up with water, like other places do. We got the chicken biryani, chicken makhani, chicken khadai, aloo gobhi, and the MMD CHICKEN! The MMD was absolutely amazing. Chicken was tender, nonfatty. Everyone was really happy. At the end, the owner even gave us a free kheer dessert as a thanks for coming in. I have no affiliation with this place. Not all brown people know each other. Just good food. Enjoy!
I reviewed first in September of last year and it's not even been a year and I have visited Moti Mahal at least 7 times.  My parents, brother, boyfriend, and best friend all of Indian heritage (proving our knowledge of Indian food) have all been here.  My boyfriend of all is the most picky as he is a good cook himself and knows his way around the spice rack.  Moti Mahal believes in service, ambiance, and hospitality at the top.  Sometimes I can understand service might not trickle down in the way they intend to (in response to some of the reviews I have read), but like any new establishment, it is open to criticism and suggestions and that I know.  However, the more I frequent here, the more I realize how tasty their food is with enough spice.  You're going to an Indian restaurant, so please do expect your taste buds to take some heat if you are not used to it.  If you want more, ask.  Waiters and waitresses do not read minds.In my hands down opinion as someone who has visited the highly rated Dhaba, Chola, Tamarind Tribeca and Gramercy, etc. etc. I will never go back.  Moti Mahal Delux is great for its food, service, and hospitality at its highest.  I deeply enjoy dining here because I feel like its just coming home to eat for me.  I've been a New Yorker all my life, experienced and reviewed restaurants all across the world and strongly believe in restaurants establishing a relationship with their consumers.  You see that here.  This is not trying to be a chain or a place of pushing you in and out, they want to make sure you have a good time and enjoy their food.  If you don't, tell them and I know they will be open to it.Now onto the food! I love love love the ricotta filled spinach kebabs, mushroom kebabs (pardon the names I'm not using), bhindi, palak paneer, malai kofta, paneer makhani and dal makhani a must - and its not the same sauce (whoever wrote that below clearly did not try the dishes!), breads, phirni, ice cream, gulab jamun, ok the list is growing here....Do yourself a favor and go here.  Tell them Namrata sent you and I'm telling you it will not disappoint.  Enjoy!
Came here for the lunch special. Enter, sit, questioned: vegetarian or non-vegetarian? I answer non-vegetarian and expect to have a non-vegetarian menu set before me. Moments later, I have bits of chicken and other things that I really don't know what they are called but have always eaten, on my table. Apparently, that was NOT my meal, it's just the starters. Enter, 6 little silver bowls filled with goat, chicken massala, paneer, lentils, i THINK what's vegetarian malai-kofta, and basmati rice, and I'm probably forgetting something else. Upon filling up with a friend, the lady approaches our table, says YOU DIDNT EAT ANYTHING, and walks away with such disappointment to grab our check and a single small brown ball for each of us (forgive me for not remember what these are called; i only differentiate "brown balls" and "white balls"). I asked if we can take it to go just to avoid the look of utter disappointment in our server's face. She yells no, and walks away.Yup, I will definitely be returning here - probably for lunch.
The tikka was just phenomenal. I could eat my weight in that. And the chicken biryani. We will be going back for sure.
Very, very good.  Was shopping in bloomingdales when my hunger pains took over and my hanger was about to kill someone. Yelp to the rescue. My sisters picked the indian place, I called, no wait for 4 people and 4 stars on yelp? I'm on my way.My problem with indian food is that I usually go with my indian friends who then order everything for me and I devour it before I catch the name of anything I just ate. So what we did here was pick a few main ingredients we wanted, chicken, okra, cauliflower and potatoes and picked a dish hoping we'd like it. We loved it.  The prices are not bad at all for how fancy the restaurant was decorated, def the nicest indian restaurant I've ever been to,  ~$14/dish.  The portions arent large, but for four hungry people we had 3 entrees, rice and naan.  We licked up every last drop of food and we were full.Still dont know thr name of anything, but doesn't really seem like you can go wrong!Down one star bc I wasnt feeling my waitress, a tad crass in my opinion, but ignore her and enjoy the meal!
After my first effusive review for their lunch box, I've quickly come to see that their food is inconsistent. While the lunch box is still a good value, the food offerings are sometimes spectacular and sometimes plain lousy.The reason for my 2 star though is that I ordered dinner from here last night for the first time and it was soooo bad.  I'm from South Asia, and I have high standards for my Indian food, but given how consistently amazing Bhatti is, I would expect the same from Moti Mahal. The biryani tasted stale and lacked flavour. The kebab was similarly lacking any flavour.  The $1 kebabs in Jackson Heights are a million times better. The goat curry was decent but floating in oil and the the tandoori especially was dissapointing- too salty being the only discernible taste.
Don't order anything that can spoil quickly. Ordered dum aloo gobi and it was spoilt
This is the best Indian restaurant I've been to in New York in the last 7 years! The higher price justifies the superior quality and taste. This place is a combination of a star restaurant and a Dhaba which I miss the most about india. Can't wait to go again!
I love this place. The lunch buffet is pretty spectacular especially for $12.99 total. They bring out an array of Indian dishes with the option to choose veg or non-veg. They bring a side of rice and bread with the entrees and you get a dessert at the end. I don't really care for any of the dessert options so I usually decline dessert and load up on the lunch items!
Hands down best quality indian restaurant in the city. Definitely try tandoori chicken, achari aloo, and dal makhani. Food is on point each time!
The butter chicken and biryani  is the most amazing thing I have had. The also have great service and great prices. You must try the Guol gappa shot!
ate here on a cold february night. ordered shrimp marsala and butter chicken with a side salad and aloo kulcha  and rice.flavor subtle then the heat grew on your tongue.very yumbo.prices reasonable and the room cozy.service attentive and nice.
Moti Mahal should be a five start rating from me, except for one thing,  the portions are very small, what I would expect for lunch not dinner. Went here for an early dinner at 5:30 and reservations are definitely required.I am writing as a vegetarian, so I cannot speak for the meat and chicken dishes, but the the vegetarian entrees were much more like "sides". They passed the "hot" test, they believed us and made it spicy enough, well almost - certainly hot by NYC standards, (which is about the mildest spice city in the world). The staff is also amazing and very polite and easily the best staff at any Indian restaurant in NYC I have been in recently. My girlfriend, (who even wants it hotter than I do) and I started with the Sev Poori Canape, these are delicious, but totally tiny and expensive, five or six tiny canapes for $6.95. If you have money to burn, these are a great way to burn it. We ordered our usual entrees, that we always order first time out at a new Indian restaurant , always an Okra, in this case Bhindi Jaitpuri and their specialty dish Paneer Makhani. Both were very good and if this was enough food for two people, than it would have been great. The Paneer is a wonderful dish but the Bhindi is not very special, and it's doubtful we would order it again. Should note also that they charge for the rice, and it is only a medium quality of rice, it did not seem like Basmati rice, but a lower quality type rice, or a very low quality Basmati. Indian foods need to be served with Basmati rice, because the grains don't absorb the sauce, the rice they serve here did absorb the sauce, much as if we having Chinese takeout. Fortunately, they have an excellent Raita, and at only $3.95 a bargain. I was able to add the Raita to my meal to basically have a dinner sized entree. The night we went they explained that they had lost their freezer, so there was no Kulfi, one of our other standard "tests".  My girlfriend had the Ras Malai, which she loved,  I had the Phirni - Rice Pudding which I found to be overly sweet. For some reason they also did not have the Pani Puri shots or coffee, the Chai was very good. At the next visit, we will have to order three entrees for two people, which is unusual. Overall a good restaurant, but more expensive that anticipated, as the need for an additional entree shows.
What an amazing place!We love to come here for dinner date nights, the good is unbelievable! We love everything that we had ever tried from that menu. I really recommend anything on that menu, you will never leave disappointed.Their ambiance is relaxed and classy and romantic and has an elegant feel all at the same time! The staff is always professional and knowledgeable.
I'd like to start by saying I rarely write Yelp reviews. I went to this restaurant about two weeks ago for dinner and had an absolutely incredible experience. As someone who works in the hospitality industry, I can honestly say that the service here was impeccable...the kind of service managers try to encourage at pre-shift. Our server, while being beyond accommodating and knowledgeable, anticipated our every need and never left us trying to flag her down for anything at any point during our meal. Our food was incredible as well (Murgh Makhani, Kadhai Murgh, Garlic Naan) which led us to order dinner from Moti Mahal Delux from Seamless tonight. We ordered the same meal that we had in the restaurant itself, and it, again, was fantastic. The order was processed quickly and had the exact same integrity it had in the restaurant.I feel like Yelp has become a place for people to rant continuously on experiences they've had that generally fall on the negative side of the spectrum, but when a restaurant goes above and beyond on multiple occasions, they absolutely deserve to be recognized for it.
Amazing amazing food! After years of eating bad Indian food across Singapore and US, I was glad to find something that reminded me of Delhi. All their kebabs and gulab jamun are to die-for. The food is super authentic and the closest to North Indian food in Delhi I have ever had. The seating is cozy and intimate. I really like their presentations and attention to detail. Also wanted to call out - as some other reviewers mentioned, they have a lunch buffet - this is a very standard practice across all Indian restaurants. Almost all of them offer lunch buffets and allow folks to sample a variety of goodness. So don't be surprised.
Having read the review in the Times, decided spur of the moment to try this place out. We had no problem making a reservation day of for Saturday lunch, as there was a lot of availability on opentable, but good thing we made a reservation - it was pretty full when we arrived for our 12:45 slot. And we overheard they were completely booked between 6-10 for dinner that day.Really nice ambiance, though it was extremely warm in the restaurant. You can tell they're trying to make this more upscale.Had a bit of a surprise when we were told there was no menu, but that it was buffet syle with a choice of vegetarian or chicken. Guess I should have read the reviews beforehand.We started out with two appetizers, a chicken tandoori and a pomegranate chicken. Not sure where the vegetarian appetizers were..The tandoori was soft and succulent. The pomegranate chicken was okay.For entrees, the vegetarian option was comprised of cheese and red beans, neither of which we liked, though the beans had an interesting kick to it. The chicken option included Murgh Makhani butter chicken and Murgh Korma. The butter chicken was quite flavorful but I found the other dish lacking. We also had a big basket of naan and rice with carrots.I was upset we didn't get the spinach dish. Other tables did. I'm not sure exactly how they apportion which table gets what dish when it's a buffet....Also, I was kind of annoyed they were trying to rush us out. They gave us the check without us asking for it and before they even served the dessert (kheer rice pudding, which was actually really good). Rude.I have to say though, the service is absolutely amazing at refilling waters. Seriously.Definitely would not come back for the buffet. I don't like not being able to choose and ending up with 3 subpar entrees out of 4. Potentially would come back to try the lentils mentioned in the Times review...
Came back to try out their dinner menu since their lunch was so amazing. Dinner too did not disappoint. My boyfriend and I split a fish curry, cucumber raita, rice and nan.  Everything was really flavorful and delicious.  I was not sure how the fish curry would taste (typically I am a chicken tikka masala - boring lady - but my boyfriend wanted to mix it up a bit).  It ended up having an excellent smooth flavor.  I would definitely order it again!  I almost forgot - we got the warm syrup donuts at the end, and they were amazing. Prices were a bit higher than lunch, but it was totally reasonable when we split the entre and got a dessert.  We didn't have any leftovers to take home, and it was enough food for the both of us.
Delicious food. We ordered the daal and chicken kadhai. So good. And they even got hot towels after the food.
I've had a lot of Indian food in my life and this place does it right. The lunch special might be one of the best lunch deals out there. $15 for all you can eat high quality Indian food. Dinner is good too, but can get pricey.
Consistently good food. The service has gone down somewhat. But the food is great. Our favorites - malai chicken, palak paneer, yellow dal. Very kid-friendly!
*Mango Lassi - Awesome. Not too creamy like some other places. Also nice hint of cardamom.Apps:*Dahi palak kebab - Not good. Couldn't taste the spinach, tasted like we were eating straight cheese. We set this aside without finishing.*Golgappa shots - Fun presentation, but not the greatest I've had. To improve, add a small scoop of the table-side tamarind (brown) sauce before adding the shot. Main:*Bhindi Jaitpuri - Amazing!! Bursting with flavor, not overcooked. I am absolutely coming back for this.*Paneer Makhani - Good but just a little too creamy. I would recommend sharing this with a non-cream dish (such as the bhindi).
I can't believe I never tried - or heard - of this place until I moved out of the Upper East Side!  It was blocks away from me!  Ah well.  Better late than never, I suppose.  Two words: butter chicken!  I am a chicken-tikka-masal kind of girl and Moti's butter chicken just blew that away.  It has that similar, buttery consistency but with loads more flavor.  I am also a huge fan of okra so of course, we ordered their spicy okra.  Let me tell you, it is spicy!  I overheard someone at the next table ordering the chicken vindaloo - extra spicy.  Whoaaa... wash this down with a nice glass of riesling (or their mango lassi) - delicious.  If I'm in the neighborhood and craving something not processed with lots of flavor, Moti Mahal, here I come!
Lunch special was tasty, plentiful, and well-priced. Friend and I ordered one veg and one non-veg lunch buffet. Some dishes promptly arrived at our table, including cauliflower, pakora, and chicken. I thought this was the main course, so I cleaned the plates! Then they took the plates away and brought in size dishes of the main course. So much food! We could not finish. After removing the half finished main dishes, a small bowl of rice pudding arrived. What a wonderful lunch for $12x2 +tax+tip. Service was prompt and friendly, though it wasn't that busy because it was a holiday at around 2pm. Restaurant has a pleasing modern, renovated interior.If I could improve one thing, the fried cauliflower in the red sauce was barely room temperature. I think it would taste better a bit warmer and maybe a little less red.
They stopped giving out the complimentary side lentil curry with the kebabs I usually order.  For a $23 order you'd figure they could throw in a side dipping curry instead of being cheap.  I don't know how 5 tiny kebabs and 1 naan = $23.  In Whitechapel in London I can get the same thing for $6.  I won't be ordering from them again.
Love love love! I love Indian food, and I love Moti Mahal! I ordered food online and it arrived 15 min later. The butter chicken was amazing and the garlic naan too. I got a weird little fried ball sample of something, which turned out to be a desert. I tasted it, but it was soooo sweet.. Too sweet for me.
Unfortunately, I would have given a better review today however I was fairly disappointed with the service. I have been here a few times and have always been pleased with this restaurant - food and service. This is the spot my sister and I have come back a few times and it's become our go to place whenever we want to have a catch up and a nice meal. However, today's service was HIGHLY disappointing. We were greeted by a wonderful server - do not recall her name but she was very nice. Things changed when another gentlemen took over our table. We kindly asked to get our food boxed and before we could finish our sentence he stopped us and said "no, we don't do that." We felt it was very rude and the attitude with it was unnecessary. If he simply said "I'm so sorry, unfortunately we are not allowed to box the lunch specials" then we would have been more accepting but his attitude left us not wanting to come back to this restaurant ever again. It didn't stop there with his attitude. He cleaned half of our table off and then brought our dessert. He did not finish cleaning our table fully, making us feel uncomfortable - felt as though he was rushing us out of there. My sister politely asked if he could take away the other dishes first and he gave her attitude and said "that's what I'm doing" - absolutely unnecessary. It's unfortunate that a special place that bonded my sister and I will never be the same again. Today's experience left us with a bad feeling. I wish I got his name and actually spoke to the Management team.  - Highly disappointed regular customer
Fantastic restaurant.  Best Indian food I've had in NYC. We had the butter chicken and the eggplant and loved both.  The eggplant was grilled, I think, and was covered in a rich tangy sauce. The service was extremely attentive without being intrusive.  This place feels like a relaxed neighborhood restaurant but offers a more satisfying meal (and much better value) than high end Indian places such as Junoon and Tamarind.
My parents had recommended MMD to me after they had tried it about a month ago. They are harsh critics when it comes to trying new Indian restaurants and they raved about this restaurant.  I recently moved to the UES, so I brought my Mom here yesterday and sure enough, I was super impressed with the items we ordered.  The customer service was fantastic as well.  All the items have just the right amount of flavor and spice.  The Daal Makhani melted in my mouth.  I highly recommend this restaurant and will be a frequent neighborhood diner myself!
I  am. Eating Indian food since my child hood I don't think this place is not Authentic Indian food at all 1 staff is very rude 2 tandoori chicken was very dry 3 chicken tikka masala is very oily and bland 3 black dal is salty and like water I was there with my friends . And Garlic naan is half burnt I don't think I am coming back . Upper east side have many good option for better Indian food .
Had to update this after my most recent experience. Came at ~130pm on a Saturday. Food was cold and definitely far from fresh like I had previously gotten here. And the service was definitely not very attentive nor considerate .It's a shame, I had previously considered this one of top UES indian lunch spots but my last few experiences have been poor.
Best Indian food ive had in the US. Good ambience and service. They also gave us dessert on the house
I went to Moti Mahal Delux for brunch and it did not disappoint. I dined with a group of 9 friends and I would recommend coming with a group of at least 3 people as it is family style. They have  a brunch special, which cost approximately $16/person ($21 with tax and tip) for essentially all you can eat Indian food. The food was delicious. We ate okra, butter chicken (which was amazing), lentil soup, naan bread, goat, another vegetable dish, and more. They then give each person a mango pudding for dessert. Since you could order more food, their policy is that you cannot take food home, since people would just order extra and take it with them for later. The service was very quick. I definitely recommend to bring your friends here for brunch.
Visited for dinner and my husband and I ordered the Butter Chicken.  This is a dish that we both have had on many many occasions and have always loved it.  Well something has gone very wrong.  This time the butter chicken was not boneless but very poor quality chicken with bones, fat  and grizzle.  On the first bite I bit down with a loud crack that really startled me.  Luckily I didn't crack a tooth.    Both our orders were the same and when we brought this to the managers attention he agreed that we were regulars and that we always order the same dish but he insisted that this is the same type of chicken they always serve.  He basically cleared the table and gave us washcloths as if we were finished our dinner.  He never offered us another meal and really insulted us by basically showing us the door.I do not recommend this restaurant because of the very poor customer service.  Anyone can have a bad night but the manager should offer to correct the problem or at least apologize.
Reviewing the 11.99 lunch special, as that its all that was available at Friday lunch.We went non-veg.Four appetizers are offered - two kinds of chicken tikka, a vegetable pakora (probably spinach) and fried paneer. All were delicious.The main course included goat curry, chicken tikka masala, paneer with vegetables palak paneer?) , peas pulao, and naan. All were quite good. We needed more rice for the curries. No extra charge.My only complaint is that their famous butter chicken a/k/a chicken makhani was not available, although I don't know how this differs from the chicken tikka masala.Dessert was skimpy but delicious - one small, exquisite warm gulab jamun.Must come back for dinner.
I went to Moti Mahal because I wanted to treat my mother to some good Indian food while she was visiting me. The food was decent and nothing to rave about.But, the reason I a giving this one star is because of the extremely rude staff. I wish I could give this place negative points, that is how much angry I am. One person who single handedly contributed to this is the head waiter. Here is what happened:On a Sunday afternoon after showing my dear mother the city and having walked a lot I thought of treating her to some really good lunch. And having heard of lot about Moti Mahalfrom friends I took here there, and this was my first visit as well.Now, I did not have a reservation, and in-spite of there clearly being several empty tables, the waiter snubbed us. My mother was too tired to walk any where so I took out my phone and got a reservation right there and then went into the restaurant. The head-waiter then gave me the most condescending look ever. And then made us wait in-spite of the fact that there were several empty tables. Finally after 15 mins a waitress took us to our table and the head waiter very rudely pointed to out table looking at me. Unfortunately I don't know his name but this is his description:Ethnicity: East IndianAge: between 45- 50Hair: Black with a bald patchOh, and for some reason, he was being a sycophant to the people on the table next to me.If I were the owner of this restaurant I would fire this fool of a waiter right away.
LUNCH DELIVERY REVIEW:I've gotten delivery from these guys twice now.  Both times the delivery time was about 40 minutes which is pretty good for midtown lunch deliveries. The food was mixed. The first time, I tried their lamb biryani. Simply put, it's one of the worst lamb biryanis I've had. Completely bland, no flavor but a lot of oil and wasted calories. 1/5 on taste and value.Then my friend informed me that they are better known for their tandoors so I gave them a second shot and got the murgh tandoori chicken - their signature dish. Now this was one perfectly cooked chicken dish - very tender and juicy. The flavor wasn't bad either. However they use smaller sized chickens (probably for better texture and taste) which means the portion size isn't big. It comes with rice but no nan roti. At $14 ($18 with t&t), the tandoori chicken becomes an expensive lunch. Add nan (which I did & it tasted very average), and you are looking at a $21 lunch. Not ideal. Bukhara on 49th and 2nd gets a lot of flak for being expensive but their chicken tandoori lunch special is $12 and comes with a side of veggies+ saag paneer+ rice and naan. MMD fails to provide this kind of value for their lunch customers. 4/5 on taste; 2/5 on valueGood tandoor but they need to add some lunch specials to their menu. If you come here, stay away from the biryani.
Great food, especially the daal makhani and chicken delicacies. Their garlic naan is amazing. I love almost all non vegetarian appetizers. Have been there for lunch buffet too. We were two of us for lunch and they bring you the appetizers , main course and desserts. Although the food was amazing, the amount of food given to us was a lot. We couldnt even finish half of it. They dont allow you to take the food as take out and its going to be wasted. I would prefer to be able to select the amount of food I want rather than wasting so much.
I have not had better Indian food outside of India! The food is amazing and the staff is very friendly. While it is a little out of the way for some people, it is definitely worth it
Lemon rice -- spectacular -- Dal Makhani, so well spiced, Keelma Kulcha -- can't wait to try everything on the menu!
MOTI MAHAL DELUX was wonderful!My fiancé and I have been trying to find our "Local Indian" for quite sometime now, he is British and misses eating amazing Indian food. No, we need not look any further. Luba was our server and she was lovely. The food was wonderful, ambiance was perfect and the lunch buffet deal can't be beat. I will definitely be going back!
A small seating area but great food!We ordered chicken seekh kabab, khumb kabab, lamb rogan josh and chicken makhani..they were all excellent!!!A must visit eatery. Great service and ambience. We will visit again.
Small, niche and old place which serves authentic Indian food. They procure spices from india and this is a known truth. Must visit again n again. Great service as well!
