Atmosphere/interior design: 5/5Food: 4/5Service: 3.5/5My final rating reflects the food and atmosphere. Think Stanton Social, with much better interior decor, slightly better food, just located in near Chelsea market instead of the LES. The food is meant to be shared- portions were decent for a group of 3-5 people. I actually did not participate in ordering tapas and ordered individual dishes: 1) pork buns 2) lobster fried rice. Pork buns were delicious but the lobster fried rice was a bit too oily for me. Atmosphere is very trendy! I thought I walked into a contemporary museum! However music was way too loud to be able to hold a conversation.  Service got a bit slow towards the end when we wanted to get our check (although I have to give props to the manager(?) who came to our table to check on my friend, the birthday girl, and asked if she wanted another drink).
Food is indescribably delicious! Service and ambiance is outstanding. Although it is a little on the pricy side, will come to this restaurant 10x over.
Whether it's date night, or an evening out with friends, Buddakan is where it's at. The restaurant is HUGE!!! I love playing dress up, and this is a perfect NYC spot for that. Everything on the menu is A+, and service is top notch!!!
Buddakan is absolutely superb and I would recommend anyone with a deep pocket, who loves luxury, appreciation for lavish, trendy venues and fine foods to come here.I've dined at Buddakan a few times each for different reasons: a friend's bachelorette, family dinner and a work event. The first thing you must recognize about Buddakan is you not only come here for the food, you come here to experience the venue layout and decor. Located on the cusp of The Meatpacking District and Chelsea, Buddakan is nothing but a grey square making up the corner of 17th Street, 9th Avenue. Inside however, is a dark, sexy interior with a line of concierges waiting to check you in while simultaneously dreaming of walking in NYFW. If your table is not ready or you're simply early, you walk first up a short flight of stairs to their lounge that has plenty of room for people to both sit and stand. Service is provided and it is easy to relax given that a server is assigned to you to let you know when your table is ready. When it is, there's no option to add your drink tab to the overall bill so they wait patiently for you to pay it. Walking further in, you realize that this place is pretty massive and is the place where Sex And The City was filmed (the scene where Carrie/Big have their rehearsal dinner). I don't believe you have a choice in where you sit but I'm here to tell you that depending on who you're with there are tables that are more ideal than others! When making a reservation for say, a large group of people you can request the same exact rehearsal table SATC used but with a catch. The catch being that in order to have the whole table to yourself, you must invite enough people to take up each seat or else - gasp! - share it with random people you don't know. If you're in a small group, say 3-6, you'll either sit on street level towards the back in a next to the windows overlooking the SATC table or even further back in a more intimate area with exposed break and curved ceilings. This is a perfect area for a romantic evening or fun night out with friends. If your group is somewhere in the middle, you'll likely be seating on that same level or downstairs in a separate area along the walls. The tables are blue and beautiful and can actually be merged together to accommodate your group. If no groups are present, couples usually can be seated there or upstairs where it's a little tighter and less luxurious. Otherwise, the scenery as you descend the stairs is just gorgeous: dramatic ceilings, bright, peach-y walls and chandeliers set the tone for an evening of trendy dining.As for food, the restaurant is served family style however mains can be just for you! The Black Cod is hands down their best main while their apps are fresh and delicious. (Think of the food as slightly more sophisticated and well done than TAO.) Each appetizer size varies but if you're unsure the staff knows exactly the way it'll come out and will always make the effort to talk to the chef as needed.  Honestly, thinking about it now the service has always been impeccable, the wine lists long and the cocktail lists curiously fun. All of the aforementioned combined makes for a wonderful evening especially since the servers are sharp and very attentive allowing a sufficient amount of time for you digest each meal before coming by with more or to just offer you anything additional you may like. A fun part is that you can call ahead and ask they bring out a cake and champagne in the end - not free, obviously - and write something in thin chocolate on a plate. I'm confident they would do this now, especially if you're like me and plan ahead and call to ask if they can executive this for your friend's bachelorette dinner.  Can't wait to come back when I have an excuse to celebrate something again - or just to splurge!
When in the big city, you want to dine at the best! I still dream about this restaurant! The food was unbelievable and you want to keep eating even though you're so stuffed. We dined her for our 15th anniversary and everything was exceptional: the lobster egg rolls, edamame dumplings, shrimp  lobster pasta. Excellent cocktails  atmosphere. We could've sat here all night. Thanks for the special anniversary dessert.....we'll be back one day! Your restaurant is the place to fall in love all over again!
This place is great. I was here this past Sunday for my birthday dinner. The staffing is great. Very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. The restaurant is beautiful. The food was a bit pricey but it's delicious and well worth it. I recommend going here and I definitely will be going back.
I was really disappointed here. The cost of each dish didn't measure up to the quality. I ordered the tuna tartare spring roll ($15-18) they were just mediocre. I ordered the king crab as my entree ($38) it was really fishy and salty, not good at all. I love crab and didn't even want to finish it. My favorite thing was the dessert I can't forget to mention that, it was pretty good. I have to admit the ambiance is amazing and the presentation was great. Service was fantastic as well! However, I don't think I'll be returning when there are so many great restaurants locally for better quality and less $$. My friend has the same complaints as I do , so I know I'm not being boujee
We loved the dinner experience we had at Buddakan! I called in to reserve a table a few days before we were wanting to dine. While they didn't have availability at the exact time we wanted, we were able to get a reservation about 45 minutes after that time. When we arrived, we were told that we could wait by the bar area and someone would come and grab us when our table was ready.My favorite part about our dining experience was the service! Our waitress was great in explaining the menu, providing recommendations, checking in on us,  in general just being really friendly. She let us know that they take all orders at the very beginning  the kitchen paces the full dinner. Since it was only the two of us  we wanted to save room for dessert, we got the Dim Sum tasting for 2  the Dungeness Crab sticky rice for our meal.The Dim Sum was actually better than I was expecting! I only didn't really care for one of the items (as expected) which was the Tuna Spring Rolls. Everything else was really tasty, especially with the three dipping sauces provided. I normally am not a huge fan of ribs but I liked the ones here  the Cantonese Spring Roll was the one I liked best! I personally didn't really like the Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice as much as I wanted to  I think it's because it was sticky rice. I most likely would've enjoyed it more if it were more like a fried rice, but even still it was a good dish.We wanted a full experience so we rounded out our meal with the bread pudding dessert. Earlier in the evening our waitress had asked if we were celebrating anything special  we had mentioned it was our honeymoon vacation so our dessert came out with a little candle  "Congratulations" on it. Super cute touch which we appreciated.Overall, this was a great evening for us. We would definitely come back the next time we were in town  recommend this restaurant to others.
This is one of my favorite places to come to. For this occasion, I took my lady there for her bday. It was a great experience and we didn't have to wait long to get our seats.The food is always fantastic. For appetizers we had the lobster egg rolls, which were three massive egg rolls and tasted amazing. Also, the lobster and shrimp shumai - was just as good as the lobster rolls. For entree, we had the vegetable fried rice, broccoli, glazed Alaskan black cod, sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp. All of it was fantastic and couldn't have been a better combination for a meal. The Alaskan cod was my favorite from the entrees. It was very flavorful and almost melts on your tongue. Pair it with a glass of their Riesling (Spreitzer) and you'll be very happy!For dessert, I had the chocolate pistachio Cremoso (cherries, cocoa nibs, pistachio ice cream)! I'm not really big on dessert, but this was a great choice and I'll definitely get it again. You dig into the bowl and you won't be disappointed by the flavors.Overall, great experience for a nice occasion and/or date night.
FYI - This is the same place in Sex in the city movie.If your going to celebrate with a great decor in mind this is the spot!Location: This isn't in Chelsea market, it is right next to it with a black door, don't miss it!Interior: HUGE. I've never been to a place where the ceilings were THAT HIGH. I can't stress how high these ceilings were. I might have been too busy looking up that I didn't look around. The walk to downstairs feel like your about to go to the best prom dinner of your life or that your in the same place Beauty  the Beast happened.Staff: Very kind, very informative. The place is really organized. I never felt rushed nor did I feel like they forgot about our table. I feel terrible for whoever has to wash the dishes because they exchange each dish about a million times and it comes out nice and warm. After one appetizer and one smudge on the plate...BOOM exchange for a new plate lol Food: Everything here was delish, my favs are belowEdamame Dumplings: Clearly a staple here. No need to explain just get it because its melts in your mouth.Rock Chili Shrimp: Super crunchy and just enough spice to it. Again another fav here.Overall: 5 stars, awesome experience, no complaints and bathroom was really nice too I should add lol
I went here with my brother and his boss since he was in town for business. He had made a reservation, though there was a lot of seating available around 9pm on a Thursday night.We were pretty hungry, so we decided to split a few dishes:Edamame dumplings (3 stars): Served with 5 dumplings. They were decent, but I thought that the lack of texture was a little off-putting.Sesame dungeness crab toast (3.5 stars): This was a decent dish as the crab was very fresh.Spicy yellowtail (4 stars): This dish had simple ingredients, but the combination of flavors was very good.Mongolian lamb chops (2 stars): I think that some of the meat had okay flavor, but I had a huge line of fat and gristle in my lamb chop that made it very tough to eat.Noodles with prawns (4 stars): This was one of my favorite dishes of the night as the flavors came together really well and the noodles were cooked perfectly.Cauliflower stir fry (4.5 stars): This was another dish that I enjoyed a lot as the cauliflower took on a lot of the flavor and was crispy as well.Chocolate cake with coffee ice cream (4.5 stars): This dessert was the perfect close to the meal as it was the perfect amount of sweet and the combination of flavors worked very well together.Cocktails (4 stars): The cocktails were all tasty and interesting as they use premium alcohol in all of them--Royal was my favorite.Overall, this place is a little bit over-the-top in my opinion--I don't really enjoy the loud, clubby vibe, but if that's your scene this place is perfect. The food was decent, though I felt like it was not amazing and severely overpriced. That being said, the service was super friendly and attentive and the food came out pretty quickly.
Loved the place ..but tooo loud and waiters took forever to come to my table.
This is my go to whenever relatives are in town. The menu is extensive and even the most picky eaters (ahem, my mother) are happy with the menu. The best way to experience it is just to order a few plates to all share. My personal favorites are the char grilled steak (the mustard sauce is next level), the spicy tuna spring rolls, crab sticky rice, cauliflower curry, pecking duck, and soup dumplings. This place also has a great ambiance, and the dining room pretty much looks like Hogwarts. Service is great, but make sure to make a res awhile in advance!
Great atmosphere but really just came here for the food. The location in Philly is also just as amazing, thank you Stephen Starr for this NYC gem. Regarding food- Edamame dumplings are the most mouth watering food you will ever eat!! Highly recommend here. They taste like garlic butter edamame mash potatoes but amazing. Edamame dumplings: like I said above, AMAZING. Order comes with 4 dumplings and you'll want to order 3 dishes. Pinot Grigio: alcohol is pricey here and not worth it spend your money on the dim sunTuna tartare egg roll: order comes with 4 rolls. Not my favorite dish but the tuna was delicious. Lobster egg roll: order served with 6 cut pieces. I do not recommend it was flavorless and only one piece of lobster. Crispy cauliflower lollipops: unreal. Order comes with 5 and they taste like Mac n' cheese balls. They are buttery and crispy with just the right amount of truffle inside. Pork bun: order comes with 3. If you are a fan of pork buns then you will love as much as I did. Meat is cooked perfectly but has a little bit of kick to it with the spice added.
I was so tempted to give this place 3 stars because of the service...But the food is amazing so thats why its getting a 4 from me.Im a vegetarian and so options are limited - but the dumplings are amazing!!! Also the ambience along with chili padi - which is small pieces of red chili (very spicy) in soya sauce which is available at very few chinese/asian restaurants totally did it for me!!Service was bad - cause they bring out dishes as they are ready - no particular order - which is fine - except our main vegetable dish - arrive 35 minutes after the rice arrived which was really silly..So make sure to tell them you want atleast the mains together - which i will be doing next time too! :)
After many people told me about this place I had to try it. It is so good. Being a vegetarian, I always struggle to find good stuff on the menu at a nice ambiance like this in NYC. Their menu is vegetarian friendly, we had their edamame dumplings for appetizer and noodles as a main course and both were really good. We finished it off with their Chocolate three colors for dessert. Fantastic experience, definitely going back to try more on their menu.
Having been to Tao I kind of knew what to expect, but even with that mentality I wasn't quite expecting how lavish this would be. When I walked in I immediately felt underdressed, but the staff was very welcoming and we were seated right away and I didn't feel like I was looked down upon for my lesser clothing.The ambiance is great, a total date spot for sure. The decour of the area is a modern asian theme, and the long table in the main dining area was grand. Staff was great too, very personable and made good suggestions...although the bill was taking quite some time. We almost did a dine and dash haha.The menu was quite expansive and unique. I've had edemame dumplings before, and they did not disappoint here! The ox tail dumplings were phenomenal as well, and the presentation of the crab fried rice was well done. Overall, the menu was a little pricy, but the food and experience were great.
Not bad an experience at my girls night out. Interior is club-style dim lighting. Food is decent but not super amazing. We got a whole fish for $38 I think was the best deal on menu. Dim sum is very so so...Other stuff are just OK. Probably you can get tastier Chinese food elsewhere and pay less. I guess it's a good experience we paid for.
Everything about this place was just amazing! From the style and ambiance of the restaurant to the service and food! NOTE: they said the tasting menu is for parties 5+. What we ordered last night was basically a tasting menu since we ordered so much... we ate everything too, with just 3 people. 5/5 stars hands down!Recommend:(Appetizers)-Pork buns - perfect pork belly with spiciness-spicy yellowtail yu sheng - perfect blend of sweet, spicy and seafood flavor. Yellowtail was super fresh!(Entrees)-Singapore chili king crab - large pieces of tender crab legs with delicious chili sauce-Peking duck fried rice - lots of duck in every bite. perfectly made fried rice-Snow peas - amazing char flavor from the wok, peas cooked perfectly crisp with amazing flavor(Desserts)-Crying chocolate - perfect molten chocolate cake/tart with rich flavor. balanced well with strong vietnamese coffee ice cream-Chocolate pistachio cremoso - amazing texture and flavor when eaten altogether in one bite (as the server told us to). everything had a perfect balance of flavor, from sweet and salty to tart and tangy.  texture of crunchy, smooth, cold and warm. amazing!(Drinks)I don't drink, but my friends love the drinks here. They are strong but deliciousDisappointments:-shrimp and lobster chow fun - no hint of XO sauce flavor. Chow fun was not charred, too wet. lobster and shrimp were not integrated into the dish wellOthers:-Short rib scallion pancake - had lots of meat on it, but the pancake itself wasn't amazing. I would've liked more scallion pancake flavorI have to come back for the black cod. The server said it is one of their best! Also need to try the chili rock shrimp as there were tons of pictures of it. And many others!
By far the better Chinese food among the high end/Asian fusion restaurants in the big apple - New York. The molten chocolate cake maybe slightly less desirable to Tao's (and there is a Tao across the street) but other dishes are hands down better. Oh you can have a heart to heart talk with your soul mate here too.I enjoyed all the dishes we ordered. Except perhaps the broccoli. The oxtail dumplings are awesome - very oxtail = meaty. Black cod is so good we ordered the second helping - I know ... can't take Irene anywhere.The bathroom has no maiden. Great.Their service is super. Attentive and no bothering/pestering at all. The only complain perhaps is the Jade dumplings' sauce spilling over the small plate. Their Argentina's Malbec is pretty delicious.What did Buddakan do to earn such ... double jeopardy? I'm a little late and don't want to use my little brain. So as soon as the cab dropped me off at entrance to the Chelsea Market, I asked for direction (showed how long ago I went!) - Giovanni Rana Pastificio  Cucina is immediately next door and they share the same address, and the waiter replied: "I don't know." Oh well. Next, the cops. I've always love the cops except when they issued me a parking tickets wrongly - like no parking on Wednesdays and yet I got a ticket on a Wednesday. So there came out two cops from the Chelsea Market, one was white and one African American. The white cop replied, "Buddakan? Oh it's just around corner" and pointed me to the opposite direction. Actually as I am waking I feel it isn't right. Anyway it is totally wrong. Not cool dude. Shame on you whoever you're on the Sunday 7.16 at 6:35pm at Chelsea market. Ok, to be sure and precise: it's the black exterior corner building at the corner of 9th and 16th. If you see the Chelsea market entrance on 9th you've passed it.
Great food and ambience. However the quality doesn't match the prices. I was expecting more.
This was my second visit to Buddakan, and more than likely it won't be my last!. I like to keep my reviews simple and straight to the point....So let's get to it!The Ambiance: It's beautiful and trendy, dim lighting. Great place for a date, girls night out, etc. but it does cost a pretty penny.The Food: I've gone for the oxtail dumplings (very good and the meat was tender)Short Rib Entree (delicious, also very tender)Lobster Fried Rice ( I like it, and may order that next time, as I had a taste from a friend's plate)Pumpkin Bread Pudding and the Almond Bread Pudding (those two are the main attraction for me. I am hooked!!! Don't take my word for it, try it yourself!)The Drinks: I only order Fate sooooo....I can only tell you that it's a great girly drink! If I can convince myself to try other dishes and they are just as yummy as the previous ones I've tried, then I'll be back on Yelp to give that additional star!
Came here for my girlfriends birthday.. Once i walked thru the doors, I was wowed.. Very beautiful restaurant.. Nice atmosphere.. Food was amazing and very filling.. Service was great.. The drinks were good.. Only problem I had was with the hostess.. I made my reservation for 9:00 pm on a Sunday and I arrived at 8:30 pm.. But wasn't seated till 9:30 pm..
Came here with a group of seven people so we opted for the Tasting Menu 2. I loved every single thing they served us and it was more than enough food! You're also allowed to switch out dishes on the tasting menu if you prefer something else. The only thing we switch out was the fish for the scallops, which I don't regret. The scallops were on point. The interior is absolutely beautiful and I also had a couple cocktails before being seated as well as during and they were also all really tasty. I had the 'clarity' cocktail which I liked. It was sweet but not too much. Had a good balance. I tried a sip of the royal which I thought tasted too much like candy. I also ordered the Haze cocktail (lychee martini) which isn't on the menu anymore but you can still order it. It was definitely a much stronger drink, but delicious as well. If you're part of a big group I definitely recommend going for the tasting menu option. It gives you the chance to sample everything and they make sure there's enough portions for everyone. The service was also top-notch as would be expected. Definitely hope to come back here on my next NYC venture.
What an experience. I tend to like spicy, unique flavored drinks and "smoke" hit that spot. It even had bacon flavored salt to go with the smoke taste. Such a unique drink. We then feasted on our servers recommendation of the oxtail dim sum- amazing. I was sad it was gone so fast!  We also had the shrimp toast... good but the oxtail ruined me for anything else. Our meals were the ribeye and the cod. Both absolutely amazing. The ribeye was in a sauce that was so tangy and we ordered the lobster fried rice on the side with some charred broccoli. I have nothing negative to say about my meal. The best part... dessert. This is the type of place where you must save room for dessert.  It was a culinary experience all on its own... and I normally don't like dessert. We ordered the crying chocolate and the bread pudding. The ice creams were even delicious.   We spent a pretty penny but we knew this going in. Hey, you live once! Only downfall- which was a minor one- when we asked to bag our food they put everything together when we said separate.  That did upset me because the food was so good we wanted our left overs so badly but, we worked it out! (I was not leaving without my food!)
Love love love. The ambiance was amazing!! There's a little lounge area to sit and enjoy drinks in while waiting for them to prepare your table. We were seated in a nice booth with romantic lighting. I was there with four other people and we all enjoyed our food. They are smaller portions but very rich in flavor, we were full halfway through our order! Definitely recommend the rock shrimp and chow fun.. Fried rice was too eggy for my liking. Great staff, beautiful decor indoors, and high ceilings.
Have been here couple of times. Love the ambience but the food isn't that great. It's just passable. If you would like to spend or go to a fancy place, definitely check out. The one thing that's the best and my reason for going back is their litchee martinis. They are definitely one of the best I ever had.
Buddakan is one of my favourite places of all time. If my friends and I are in the mood to share and splurge a bit, this is our go-to for great Asian-Fusion that doesn't completely break the bank. Unless of course you go with a certain friend for his Emperor-themed birthday who insists on ordering everything on the menu.I think the shrimp toast, edamame dumplings, oxtail dumplings, pork belly buns, duck fried rice, and the lamb are absolute must-haves. However, I have had almost everything on the menu and nothing has disappointed thus far. It's always nice to peruse the Chelsea Market, which is directly next door, after dinner as well.
On Monday, I dined at Buddakan with loved ones. The experience was phenomenal!! The ambulance is the first thing that hits you; huge ceilings, sleek wall cut outs, huge artwork and decor, and a gigantic deeply sunken dinning room. Chef Zach Taylor wowed us with over 20 course of his finest creations. Our waiter, Kevin, and the services staff could not have been more attentive, entertaining and welcoming. Hands down, best meal I have ever been served. Highly recommended for a top notice NYC dinning experience.
With over 2500 Yelp reviews, you have to try this place, especially when you are staying across the street.My sister and I had a reservation at 10:30 and arrived on time, but our table wasn't quite ready yet and they asked us to hang out at the bar. We got our drinks and by then our table was ready. This restaurant is huge, with 2 levels and many sections for seating. The atmosphere is definitely amazing with somewhat loud music. What I'm not really crazy about the way try have their seats set up in rows, so you have to sit super close to other people. There is really not much privacy.They serve your food really fast and as it's ready. We ordered the sole which was pre good and delicate. The Alaskan cod was made to perfection. We also got the shrimp appetizer and that was also really tasty.Ok, one downside was the drinks! Almost no alcohol in it...here is one star off but rest was pretty good.
Gorgeous decor, delicious food, fantastic service - what's not to like?! Carrot dumplings were outstanding. Reservations highly recommended.
Had an 8pm reservation for four and arrived just before. Table not ready so ordered a bottle of wine in bar. Hostess approached after about 15 mins and offered us seats at the communal table. I said we would prefer our own. Waited another 15 mins and the crowd was hungry so we sent two to check out the communal table. We opted to give it a shot. It is annoying that some fine dining restaurants do not respect reservations. Oh well. As we entered the massive room with endless ceilings I had to pause. Impressive. I looked down on a center communal table that would have sat several GOT clans. We ordered Apps. Edamante dumplings, tuna tar-tar spring rolls and pork bao buns. All delis. Ask how they have crispy spring rolls filled with raw tuna. Went with a Maysara Jamsheed Oregon Pinot that was perfect for us with this food. Entree sections were (in order of delight): kung pao monkfish, Peking duck, lobster fried rice. Finished with chocolate layer desert and bread pudding. Service was attentive once we sat at the communal table. We did sit next to a nice family from down under and had great convos. Im not a youngster anymore and the loud techno music wore on me; hard to admit from lover of loud RR. It a way it makes the experience unique. The food is a must, flavors were amazing and I'll dream of that Kung pao monkfish.
Definitely make a reservation ahead of time if you plan on dining here. I came here with a party of 9 to celebrate my birthday early. I had made a reservation a month in advance. We still had to wait a while in the lounge to be seated. Buddakan is beautiful inside, the ceilings were high, very nice decor, classy environment, and nice ambiance. There is quite a lot of room inside, so you will most likely not be forced to sit snugly next to other parties. I tried the oxtail dumplings, short rib scallion pancake, black pepper beef, sizzling short rib, and black bean scallops. Each of these dishes tasted delicious. I really liked the oxtail dumplings, lots of flavor, had me craving for more, great appetizer. The black pepper beef was so flavorful and tender, I hate it when beef is too chewy, this was just right. The dishes were plated with great finesse as well. Service was friendly and the dishes did not take long to arrive. My friends decided not to eat dessert because they had gotten a cake for me, however, they chose not to cut the cake at the restaurant and they told me after we left that they had a $5 dessert fee per person if we choose to have the birthday cake there. That would have been a hefty fee since we were 9 people. I have never heard of a dessert fee that was priced per person, that sounded a little bizarre to me. Overall, the food tasted great, it does not disappoint. Service is wonderful. A must try if you're into Asian Fusion and fine dining.
OMG This place was A.M.Azing!!! We came here for date night. We did have to wait a nice 20 mins even though i had a RSVP. We enjoyed some drinks in the lounge while we waited for our table. We got a table on the second floor which was perfect for us because it wasn't so loud! Our server, she was amazing!! She was so nice and patient and knowledgeable. She even tweaked some appetizers for me since i don't eat meat. Our whole experience from when we got there to the minute we left was very smooth and enjoyable. We ordered Dim Sum Tasting For Two, the Clams  Crispy Noodles, Edamame Dumplings, Sweet  Crispy Jumbo Shrimp, Black Pepper Beef. We ordered soo much that we didn't have room for desert! Definitely coming back soon.
I was pleasantly surprised by the food here--I had the lamb chops and tuna tartare egg rolls. The scene is definitely hip and vibrant, fitting for young couples or anyone with a heart of a 30-year-old. If you want to have a peaceful conversation, Buddakan may not be your optimal choice for dinner. On another note, if you're seeking fun and wanting to enjoy a few drinks, Buddakan satisfies both. I do want to return to try the edamame dumplings though! (Be sure to make reservations before you come here!)
I've been here both for corporate events and with friends -- always a solid choice. Love the decor and ambience. Extremely spacious. Great service as can be expected. Consistently high quality and delicious food. Dishes I've particularly enjoyed include the cantonese spring rolls, chili rock shrimp, chili chicken, black cod, sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp and the lobster friend rice. In general, I feel like they are not too innovative, sticking with excelling at traditional fares with a few added kicks, which is totally okay given the mouthwatering results. I was pleasantly surprised at the cold udon noodles with sorbet though, which sounded so odd but actually turned out to mesh really well. Edamame dumplings are also very tasty and a great vegetarian choice.Always a worthwhile experience.
Food was really good! Drinks were even better! It was our birthday and they brought us ice cream that said Happy birthday so sweet. It's the little things that make you come back. If you go see Kyle at the bar and let him do his thing you won't regret it!
Great ambiance. Great food. I was very surprised on how good the edamame dumplings were. That was probably the best dish for me of the night.
Once you look past the pretentious decor, drown out the cliché club music with a cocktail or two, and weave your way through the sea of Sex-and-the-City-aspiring posers, you can focus on what really makes this place special...THE FOOD.Recommended Dishes:- Spare Ribs- Edamame Dumplings- Rock Shrimp- Vegetable Fried Rice- Peking DuckThe Spare Ribs are an homage to traditional Chinese cooking techniques, a perfect balance of sweet  savory elements, and a must-try introduction to your Buddakan experience. My first bite into these candied morsels of meat and fat on bone triggered my carnivorous instincts, reminding me why I could never be a vegetarian (fuck rabbit food).The Edamame Dumplings are paper-thin Har Gow dough, filled with a silky-smooth puree of edamame and butter, steamed to perfection, and served in a Shallot  Sauternes broth. It's the perfect marriage of steamed edamame flavor with a mochi-like texture.The Rock Shrimp, just like the Spare Ribs, nails that perfect balance of sweet  savory on the head. The glaze on the crispy texture underneath is dynamite. Not a big fan of shrimp, but this isn't your normal cocktail-hour hor d'oeuvres. This is meat candy from the sea.The Vegetable Fried Rice is perfection in a bowl. It's served with a topping of egg foam, which is meant to be mixed in tableside and gives an added warmth to the texture of the rice. I wish I could tell you which vegetables were used in this dish, but other than shallots, the flavors melded together into an indecipherable medley of deliciousness.The Peking Duck is the main event. The skin is perfectly crispy, and the meat tender. It's served with a bamboo steamer of dumpling wrappers and sides of julienned green onions, chopped cucumbers, and a sweet--savory hoisin gochujang. You can replenish these accoutrements as needed. Tip: Try pairing the vegetable fried rice with the assembled wraps, one after the other. It's like a renaissance in your mouth.Overall, a truly visceral experience.Cocktail Recommendation: The Haze -  a white cloud of lychee, martini-esque nectar. Deliciously dangerous. No longer on the menu, but you might get lucky if you ask nicely.
Such an amazing venue! From the high ceiling to the dim lighting, the atmosphere alone deserves 5 stars. Delicious food! I loved the butter sauce that came with my steak and I'm still thinking about my side of sautéed broccoli. Great service! Our waitress was so attentive and as each dish came out the server explained what was in the dish. I will definitely return.
This place has an amazing ambiance and feel to it. We sat in the lounge area as the dining room was fully committed. I thought the food was very good overall but nothing really made it stand out as special from other pan asian restaurants I have been too in this category. Would I return? Possibly if friends insisted on eating here, for now I will continue to explore until I find a somewhere with something much more unique that makes it self stand apart from the Buddakan / Hakkasan's of the world.
(Via: kathygambo.tumblr.com)To start, as far as ambiance goes this place is a 10. It's in a huge warehouse in the meatpacking district; Dimly lit, grandiose furniture accents, clad in an Asian theme.We sat in the cocktail lounge where I had two fruity, lackluster cocktails-- usually not my thing, but with rosemary and jalapeno making an appearance I figured I'd give it a shot. Meh...The Grub: We started with their signature edamame dumplings in shallot-broth. Excellent, inventive, a sort of mashed potato filling. Then 'Scallion Pancakes' braised beef short rib (a little dry) and green apple on top. Finally.. drum roll.. chili rock shrimp with toasted ginger. Holy [expletive]! It was like there was a layer of air between the shrimp and the fried exterior so when you bit into it, it was super crunchy, not dense and heavy like most fried things tend to be. We're on to something....Main courses which are all splittable- Mongolian Lamb Chops with crystallized ginger crust, uhh ya! A wild mushroom chow mein with garlic chives-- good, replaceable. A side of Asian greens with pine nuts and garlic chips.Charred fillet of beef wonton crisps, soy sauce reduction, and mustard sauce.When I took the first bite of the steak, my consciousness rose above the table in gastronomic bliss. Staff collectively calls the soy sauce reduction "liquid crack". Dessert: +Almond Bread pudding with maple butterscotch, bananas, whiskey ice cream+Peanut butter Bar- har siu peanuts, sweet and sour cherry sauce, ice creamTotaled around $250 for 3 people: 6 drinks, btl prosecco, btl wine, 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, 1 side, 2 desserts, 2 Bailey's.**Good place to impress friends visiting NYC
I love this place. Out of the upscale/trendy restaurants, this is probably one of my favorites spots. I've been to other places and spent the same $ but have not been as satisfied, either due food being nothing special or service not being super great. Here at Buddakan you get your money's worth every time. The ambiance is great, very trendy/posh, great decor, grand almost as you enter the main dining area. The service has always been excellent....and the food....phenomenal! Every bite ....deeeeelicious! We've had a New Year dinner here once a few years ago with a large group, brought several out of town friends here, and come for drinks with smaller groups of friends  birthday dinners etc. The experience has been great every time. Spot on! Cocktails are great, and even if you have reservations, chances are you will need to wait for a bit before getting your table, so definitely enjoy a drink by the bar  people watch. Great crowd, although due to its ever increasing popularity I do feel it has become a bit more touristy over the last couple of years. But hey, as long as those out-of-towners are spending money  supporting the NYC economy, why complain right? I love their spicy rock shrimp. Have had a variety of their streaks over my several trips  every time it has been cooked to perfection. Your bill can typically run anywhere between $60-$120 per person, depending on how many courses  drinks you order. Good date spot too as despite being a very large space, it has a very intimate feel to it. Ok.....so now I am really craving the food.....I think it's time for a trip back soon!
My husband and I arrived late for a 10 15 reservation.  I thanked my lucky stars for our delay when the hostess explained that all the 10 pm reservations ended up waiting since they were jampacked . We were seated after 10 minutes of enjoying a glass of rose  at the bar. Since it was 11 pm we didnt order appetizer s and went straight for the entrees. I ordered the shrimp and lobster chow fun and my husband ordered this delicious seafood stew that came in a cute little pot (thats all I remember from his plate ) . My dish was deee lishhh ! It was a flat noodle dish with a savory sauce that I still daydream about. The veggies were crisp and the shrimp and lobster was tender. High five on adding cherry tomatoes. ( I heart tomatoes ) . After a glass of a very yummy lychee martini we left . I have to say that the restaurant itself is absolutely beautiful. Dimmed lights and breathtaking decor . It was a perfect dinner.
A great place to impress a date! I was blown away by the modern Asian-infused decor... that alone deserves 5+ stars in my book. For a large party of 15 or more, the table in the mid-floor of the restaurant is the way to go. The chandeliers on the ceiling are simply beautiful and create the perfect ambiance. My party of 6 were seated in the basement that resembled a dungeon in Genghis Khan's palace. Still spectacular though. At least the noise level was low enough to have an intimate conversation.We pretty much ordered a little bit from every section in the menu. My recommendations, in no order of preference:Dim Sum- the lobster egg rolls were the right bit of crunchy. - General Tso's dumplings were an interesting take on the notorious chicken dish. Give it a try.Appetizers- chili rock shrimp. The only bad thing about this was that there wasn't enough.- spicy yellowtail yu sheng. For you sashimi fans out there. It just needed a little more zing, then it'll be perfect.Entrees- chinese sausage fried rice. So flavorful. The sunny-side egg was the gem of the dish! - Mongolian lamb chops. The ginger crust made this unique. I like my meat medium-rare, and it came out just the way I wanted it.- Alaskan glazed cod. Melts like butter in your mouth.- whole crispy fish with apple walnut dressing. I have no idea what type of fish it was, but they got the crispy done right.Cocktails- the Lush. A great mix of sake and lychee.- the Fever. Its got jalapeno for a nice kick.Dessert- Crying Chocolate. Very smooth with a hint of jasmine ice cream. Such a sweet combo.- a tiramisu-like parfait that unfortunately, I don't see exists on their online menu. Maybe it was seasonal? Overall ambiance: 5 (absolutely stunning)Food: 4 (its definitely not your average fusion cuisine)Price: 3 (a little high up there, but its all about the presentation)
Great food and ambience.  Lamb chops and tempura are the best on the menu.  It's a sexy and chic place, great venue to impress a date!
Great food, service, and atmosphere! Wouldn't change a thing. Definitely coming back here!
The interior in this restaurant is beyond words. So elegant and inviting, the food was good. I am picky so I can't speak for my friends. They felt everything was great. Server was very attentive and welcoming.
Yeah it's trendy, but I still wanted to go!A friend of mine took me here for my birthday, and whoa. First, we had reservations and were seated right away down the in the library room. The walk there was kind of amazing. I was in awe as we descended the staircase. As another reviewer mentioned, you are definitely paying for the ambiance as well as being seen here, just as much as for the food. We were seated in The Library, a room on the lower level just off the of the "Sex and the City room." We both had a specialty cocktail that were just perfect. Bubbly, not too sweet, but very tasty. I started with the edamame dumplings and they were... gross by my standards, but everyone seems to love them, so I definitely think it's a texture thing. If you don't like extremely mushy dumplings, you won't like these. My friend had the General Tso's dumplings and loved them. I was actually really jealous but couldn't trade her because of her allergy to edamame/peas/etc. For our main entree we shared the Lobster fried rice (served family style) and the hanger steak (this has since been removed from their menu). The fried rice was amazing. It was greasy but had tons of lobster flavor. I think we both shed a few tears when we couldn't finish it all. The hanger steak was phenomenal so I'm a little puzzled as to why it is no longer on the menu. Delicate slices of steak, cooked medium rare, were just delicious. We did not leave one bite of this on the plate. Priorities, priorities. By the time we left (9ish) the upstairs was super crowded and loud.  I wouldn't come here just for drinks in their lobby/lounge area, but if you can snag a table downstairs it's well worth it.
Awesome place. Very very very cool. I could sit in the bar section for the rest of my life and just drink. The decor and feel of the place are sophisticated and edgy. When you're inside Buddakan you almost feel like you're on the set of some New York movie. I really enjoyed the whole feel of the place. The food was ok. I wasn't blown away. Some was great, other things were odd. The pork belly was almost gross. But other than that everything was fine. Give it a shot!
I think everyone person who visits or lives in NYC, should visit this place at least once in their lifetime. The food and service are GREAT!
Ombre created by Alison! Alison is an amazing artist...she colored each section cautiously without teasing my hair, which I LOVED (other Salons tease your hair to get the Ombre effect, which damages your hair). Everyone was very attentive and friendly! Thank you everyone at Fox  Jane!
No matter how many times I go to Buddakan, I'm always seated in a different section of the restaurant. Aw, fun! What's nice is that there are big tables, there are small tables, some brightly and some dimly lit sections. So really there's a lot of variety in ambience within the restaurant. My big crib is that my table is never ready on time, and they always eagerly usher me to the lounge area to get drinks. And, I am usually approached by different members of the staff, each about 5 minutes apart."HI! What's the last name on your reservation?""I.""I., Sorry. we're not ready for you yet.. looking for the Bryants".By the 4th time that happens, one is understandably ready to admit, " Okay I'll be the Smiths! the Bryants! the Vongruamlarps! the Venakataramanis! Just feed me already."Once seated, it's mostly good stuff. Contrary to expectations, there are at least 10 dishes from the menu which can be made fully vegetarian, and the friendly waitstaff always thoughtfully points out things like animal stock, gelatin etc that are not obvious from the menu.I do think that the unassumingly named edamame dumplings are the star of the show - was that truffle I tasted? Oh it was so delicious. Last night, I ate 5 of them, some of which rightfully belonged to my dining companions. Gulp... I'm sorry. The rest of the veggie dishes are a mixed bag - the spicy tofu with cashews is quite yummy though.Unfortunately most of the cocktails are rather cloying, but the mezcal/pineapple/jalapeno concoction stands out in its smoky character as one of the notable ones. Of course what would I be without ending a meal (or a review) without dessert. The crying chocolate dessert in all its gooey molten (albeit tiny) glory is excellent, although I did find blobs of molten butter inside the dessert, which I am not sure is a good sign. The jasmine honey cheesecake is pillowy and flavourful, but the souffle cake is not quite souffle at all other than being tall, and the banana fritters are predictable. In a nutshell, a great venue choice to bring large (or extra large) groups, or an out-of-town friend to impress them. "Look! isn't this the coolest, biggest restaurant you've ever seen?"
Went with a group of about 8, so we were offered a special price fix menu- absolutely delicious! I would go back everyday and eat if I could! Unlimited replenishment on the food, but really it is not even needed, you'll be stuffed. And the dessert to top it off at the end. So pleased!
The P C Richards store on Francis Lewis Blvd, In Bayside, Queens, is an excellent store.  I dealt with Louis, a salesperson, who is totally no pressure.  Louis is knowledgeable regarding product and honest.  Pay him a visit.
We were just in NY for a couple of days and wanted to try a restaurant with Pan Asian Flair. Buddakan came recommended to us by a couple of friends who live locally.Wow! for lack of a better word. Our senses were heightened by the succulent, flavorful,novel and well balanced dishes. we had crab legs in a spicy sauce! Wow! Wow! Wow! we also ordered the filet , the short rib, fried rice with coconut, sugar snap peas, black cod and bread pudding and donuts for deserts. everything was superb except the donuts. the donuts were not made on request, they were not fluffy and hot.service was more than friendly. when we requested to meet the head chef, they offered us to meet him inside the kitchen. He was so inviting and warm. overall, if we lived in Manhattan, this would be our heaven to visit regularly! When we die and go to heaven, please let our meals be catered by Buddakan!
favorite restaurant!!!!!!i am a regular i make it there at least once or twice a monthi can not pick one specific thing to order because i order differently every time i am there but man o man it is all soooooooo gooooooodddd!!!!!!!!if your just visiting nyc i suggest you not leave without getting to buddakan!!!!!if you live in the city and have not tried buddakan yet......then you have been slacking!!!!!!!!!
This place is great! The atmosphere is really cool with their big chandlers and dripping candles. Don't let them seat you in the back. The best seats are in the middle under the chandlers. The food is also really good. It's asian fusion and presented very decoratively. It's pretty fancy aka expensive, but a great place if you want to impress a girl! ;)
Update: Recently dined here again, and after almost 2 years....this place still kicks ass. Best deviled tuna tar-tar I've EVER had in my life.MMMMMmmmmm
I love Buddakan. It is a gorgeous restaurant and the ambience is nice..
As a food  lover I was highly  disappointed with the service at Buddakan. The food was good but didn't match it price tag what so ever. The appetizers served so fast that my GF and I didn't even had the time to enjoy the wine. There was a 15 min gap between the first and the second entree, when I asked the waiter why does it takes so long he came out with a lame excuse..."the restaurant is too big"... why should I care...?At the end of the dinner (45 min after we came in- world record) we spoke with the manager and told him about the service and the waiter and he decided to solve it by saying: "I will talk to him, so sorry". I was shocked, but based on their reaction its seems like they used to such a criticism from client but they just don't give a shit. Never coming back, there are way too many good restaurant in NY that I would prefer to spend my money at...
Atmosphere was terrific, interesting decor, very attractive.  Selection of background music and sound level very fitting.  Everything we ate was excellent  beautifully presented.  Server was a bit robotic but he was helpful  did his job well.  Bartender  host were friendly  accommodating.  We were pleased with this restaurant  would recommend it.  We will return!
I've been here twice and its one of my favorite restaurants in New York City.  Everything on the menu seems to be executed perfectly.  The service is also attentive and friendly without being bothersome. The lobster fried rice, edamame dumplings and pork belly are my favorites.
I don't like repeating restaurants but Buddakan it's a restaurant that i will never stop visiting. They offer excellent cuisine, with a great selection of authentic dishes to tantalize the taste buds. I've been to this restaurant more than 6 times and I am surprised that I've never left a review but this restaurant has excellent ambiance, nice food, worth visiting once if you are in the NY area.
It's Buddakan........chill vibe as soon as you walk in the door(if you don't walk right by it the first time) as you're greeted by a desk that resembles hotel check in.  The host/ess will probably ask you to go have a drink at the bar while "you're table is prepared".........don't fight it, just go grab your $18 cocktail and enjoy the decour.Once seated, enjoy as even though it has lost a little something since it first opened it is still an enjoyable night with an attentive staff.  Order a variety of dishes to share and get a main dish for yourself.  Pay your $500 bill(give or take) for 4 and enjoy strolling out into Meatpacking with a nice meal to soak up the alcohol you'll undoubtedly consume throughout the rest of the night.If you have visitors from out of town, take em here just for a drink.  You'll def get that WOW factor if they've never been.***Wheelchairs - Make sure you have a strong friend to help you up the 4 or so steps upon entry.  Buy him a drink and he'll be the one thanking you***
Buddakan is Asian fusion done well; there is none of that P.F. Chang's nonsense to be found here.Start with the edamame dumplings; the white truffle oil in there gives it a nice taste. For for short ribs, black pepper beef, lamb chops, pork belly, sausage fried rice and the lobster fried rice. The food comes for family style dining, and each one delicious and keeps you wondering what the next one will be. The presentation of the food is also quite beautiful.The cocktail menu is not bad, and I've always enjoyed the Solid (a bourbon concoction). You might not get full if you have a larger appetite, but it's a good place to sit and chat with old and new friends.
Attention fellow Celiacs: I know this place doesn't have a designated Gluten-free menu, but they are extremely accommodating. I booked a reservation on OpenTable, and gave them a heads up about my condition, and the waiter was extraordinarily helpful with regards to pointing me toward dishes that they could make gluten free. Oh, and the food was absolutely delicious, and the place is beautiful. Things got a bit slow, but that was because so many diners were there and the restaurant is so big. The place was packed. Also, if you don't want to take your time enjoying company and food, don't go out to eat. I would love to come back.
Best place to take your out of town guests! Absolute NY sexiness and mystery all dwell in this spot. Ladies go dressed to impress any Vogue editor as this restaurant felt like a fashion show at times. Now down to the food. I always follow the advice of my fellow yelpers and so ordered the edamame dumplings. I was not disappointed at all. I then ordered a black bean tofu dish that was equally marvelous. Order lots of sides because I found that the portions are small and made to share. This review is based on memory and so I apologize for the sketchy details but maybe the following will be helpful. What made Buddakan memorable was the sex and the city atmosphere. Food will not disappoint you but the atmosphere is what will keep you coming back.
Drinks, dinner, chops sticks and all, love it!
Ahhh...YUM!  This was a great experience while in NYC.  Highly recommended by multiple friends.  I loved the atmosphere, and the food was delicious!!  I recommend the edamami dumplings, glazed pork belly, and chili rock shrimp!  Great place for groups as well.
This was my first time here and I'll admit I enjoyed the ambiance/decor more than the food. I ordered the General Tso dumplings (delicious) with the Chinese Sausage Fried Rice w egg (the rice was a bit too course for my liking) Overall, the service was great, but the food could have been a little better. I give it a 6 out of 10.
You go to Buddakan more for ambiance than for consistent cuisine. The food is good, albeit pricey for what it is. What are you getting? Asian "fusion" in it's prime. But consistency is where this restaurant sorely lacks. I've been over ten times (this resto is big with the out of towners) and can say I've always returned one item or been disappointed by a couple of plates. The way it works is you order several plates, family style and share. Avoid the duck at all costs, better duck can be eaten in Chinatown. "Fancy" Buddakan duck is sorely lacking (in flavor and flare). The dumplings are delicious (but again see Chinatown for delicious, cheap dumplings). The service is usually stellar and they were more than willing to accommodate when I've returned items for being over-seasoned or salty or even just bad. The people are beautiful, the cocktails are delicious. You go to see and be seen (and maybe a bit in between). #unintentionalrhymeskills
Great if you are a tourist or fresh out of college. Not great if you are a local, have standards for service, and recognize there are better places in New York.The food and ambiance were good, but I can't say the same about our server, Erik (I think that's his name). I came here for a birthday party on 12/5 with a party of 10. First, the staff was very accommodating even though a few people in our party were late (they won't seat you until your entire party is there). Second, the food was very good- I highly recommend the edamame dumplings, the chili rock shrimp, the mongolian lamb chops, and the tea smoked beef. The meat was really tender, and each dish was unique from the other, as opposed to some asian places where everything tastes like a variation of the same thing. The cocktails were forgettable, however.To start, we ordered 6 appetizers, 4 entrees, and two noodle/rice dishes and asked to keep a menu so we could order more. Erik had so MUCH attitude about this. He said, just so you know, that is only 4 entrees, and you have 10 people. Yes, thank you, I have a postgraduate degree and can do basic math. I really hate it when you order to share at a FAMILY STYLE restaurant and servers get annoyed that you are not ordering an appetizer/ entree per person. So, whatever, we continued to enjoy our meal. I had told Erik that it was my sister's birthday, thinking that, you know like any other place, they would bring out a dessert with a candle in it or something. At the end of the meal, he asked us if we wanted dessert, and no one was into it. And then...he brought us our check. He either completely forgot about the birthday, or was just pissed because we did not order the 1:1:1 ratio. At that point I just wanted to get out there. When our bill came, gratuity was added automatically. Apparently Buddhakan has not gotten the memo that it is now illegal to add gratuity to a bill automatically in New York. Disgusted, I paid (minus the "additional gratuity" they ask for on top of the automatically added 18%). It was surprisingly cheap- $50 a person total, including paying for the birthday girl, but still not worth it to me.
Buddakan is a really fun place to come. A big, loud restaurant, Buddakan screams style and success. We came here with a group of 8, and everyone had a blast. They have a huge staircase that takes you downstairs where they have additional seating. But the huge staircase means that the ceilings are really high, at least in part of the space, which I love. We all ordered cocktails (tasty!) and lots of dishes to share. The Dim Sum is great! We had the edamame dumplings, jade shrimp dumplings, boneless spare ribs and steamed bass roll. We also shared the tea smoked pepper beef, lobster fried rice, glazed alaskan black cod and sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp. All excellent! A pricey evening, so make it count for special occasions!
I was skeptical.  Very skeptical of the trendy curse.  You know, the curse where it's uuber hot on the inside...but the food makes you say "meh."Well, Buddakan somehow has missed the dreaded curse.  All the rumours about the ambience and decor are true, one star for you Buddakahn.  The drinks are amazing, another star.  The service and friendliness of the staff are impeccable, another star.  Food....oh, how can I describe the food without droning??  Well, I've eaten all over the world in many, many fine dining establishments...and Buddakan is hands down one of the best.  Boy, you're really racking up the stars from me.  Finally, the price.  Ahhh yes, the price.  I feel like for everything we experienced, it was a runaway bargain.  For two people with 4 drinks, an appetizer sampler, fried rice, and two entrees=$150.  We left stuffed, happy, and entertained.  Next time we're in your hood Buddakan, we WILL meet again for a rematch.
I went there with a group for my 26th birthday; coincidentally we all have birthdays in November and it happened to be my bday that day. The ambiance was beautiful. I recommend having a reservation to avoid a long wait. The food is quite pricey so be prepared to spend! The food is worth every penny! I drank a lot of Riesling that night so things are a blur but I do know those lobster egg rolls were ON POINT! I shared a rice bowl with the group I was with. Sharable portions for some items. The food is just so darn good you may have two orders of the same thing because its just that good and the some of the servings aren't filling.  After the 4 of us racked up a bill of like $400+, the waitress wanted to charge us an additional plating fee for us to eat our cupcakes that we ordered from Molly's ( which are superb btw). I felt she could have given us 4 saucers for us to eat our birthday cupcakes. The was charge was $25 for the plates (ridiculous). I would visit Buddakan again and again. Great place for a date night.
over rated Chinese fooddecor is nice but not worth the price u are payingfood is decent at best...soggy and oilywill not come again
I came here on a Saturday night with a handful of girlfriends and I was immediately blown away at the hip ambiance and decor. The space is over-the-top huge and is decked out with exaggerated touches like larger than life chandeliers and electric-colored grates, all while sexy house music plays in the background as the score.The service was amazing and our waiter, Paul, was super knowledgeable and passionate about the must-haves on the menu, candidly sharing his opinions about what his favorite dishes were.  All in all, Paul was not only friendly and witty, but he was oh-so-attentive and made sure that my party was well taken care of.  As for the food, the edamame dumplings and the tuna tartare spring rolls were to die for!!  Everything came out very timely and was plated meticulously.  What's more, the cocktails were oh-so-tasty -- and boy did they pack a punch!!  Dessert served to polish off the meal perfectly, though in retrospect, I could've gone without having those few extra calorie-ladden bites of heaven.
Great ambiance, decor and terrific service. With the trance exotic music blasting in the background, this is a great place for friends and after work hang out. Definitely not for family occasions. If you come here with the expectation of dining in an expensive authentic Chinese restaurant, this is not the right place to spend your big bucks at because what you are getting are fusion Chinese dishes.I left Buddakan with a curious and lingering afterthought, the food does not possess great Chinese flavor, some no flavor at all, but the execution of the food is good. Should I rate this based on Chinese foods that I've grown accustomed to or separate ratings with the Asian fusions, overall execution of food or flavor?We ordered based on our favorite Chinese dishes and the recommended meal per Yelp-ers reviews:(Appetizer) Chili Rock Shrimp 4/5Its a spicier version (probably Sriracha Sauce) of Honey Walnut Shrimp minus the sweetness. Its an inspired combo of crunch and creaminess which pops in the mouth like malt. Were it a tad sweeter it would have been perfect for my taste bud. (Appetizer) Steamed Sea Bass 4/5 Closer to its authentic Cantonese Steamed Fish. Probably my favorite meal of the night. Topped with generous helpings of sliced scallions and ginger. The ginger was amazing as it was deprived of its strong ginger flavor and was sweet. The fish was soft as butter and the flavor was top notch and well balanced. Short Ribs 2/5Soft and tender. Served on a bed of flat rice noodle (Shahe Fen or Kway Teow depending in which part of the world you're at). Flavorless. Ma Po Tofu 3/5Unlike your Szechuan-ese  Ma Po Tofu with different layer of spicy flavor coming at you at waves, this was sweet and acidic. Which was not bad. The tofu was cut perfectly into bite size pieces and have great texture. Leaves me wondering if this would make a great topping for a noodle dish. Stir Fry Green Veggies 3/5 Legumes in stir fry are good for texture. Crunchy and savory. I liked it.Lobster Fried Rice 3/5 I'm usually a sucker for good fried rice, but this is way overrated by Yelp-ers. I'm giving it a generous 3 cause I'm too kind for these sort of comfort food. Just standard fried rice with expensive ingredient. Would I come back for its expensive meals? Not by my choice; if I did, its not for the food but for the great hang out atmosphere. But what an expensive hang out place.
It was my first time dining at Buddakan, and I was quite impressed with the whole experience. First of all, I'm allergic to gluten.  (We're not talking fad "allergic;" we're talking sick-for-days allergic to wheat and its grainy cousins.)  Our server, Corey, did an awesome job of guiding me through what was/wasn't safe for me to eat on the family-style tasting menu (Tasting Menu 2).  In cases where the tasting menu items weren't going to work, he offered up great gluten free alternatives that were absolutely delicious, like the Spicy Yellowtail Yu Sheng: paper thin slices of some of the best yellowfin I've ever tasted with just a hint of pineapple and sweet chili.Other big winners of the evening were the lobster fried rice, which had big, buttery chunks of lobster, and the Sweet  Crunchy Jumbo Shrimp, which completely lived up to their name.The atmosphere is chic and trendy, but not stuffy.  The decor is oddly elegant in a gothic castle-meets-ancient Buddhist temple kind of way; massive chandeliers and wax-covered candelabras commingle with abstract wood-cut dividers and Asian accents.All in all, the tasty food, unique atmosphere, and great, attentive service made it a memorable evening.  I plan to be back for seconds.
Excellent upscale Asian Fusion.We loved the ambiance, the service and the food. And great location too - right next to Chelsea Market.The portions are small but the food is great so we ended up ordering a lot. Everything we tried was great the dumplings (which were the juicy kind), Lobster  Shrimp Lo Mein, the Duck Fried Rice, Mongolian Lamp Chops and two kinds of fish - both the fish dishes here were extremely good.The decor with the high ceiling was classy. The service was excellent and non-intrusive.
I came here on Saturday for my birthday  do not think I could have picked a better place! The ambiance  size of this place is just breathtaking! From the outside, the restaurant looks so small  hidden, so when you walk inside prepare to be in shock!We ordered  shared a bunch of dishes which were all phenomenal. We had the lobster  crab shumai, the lobster egg rolls, the sesame shrimp balls (could have done without these), and the rock shrimp (a must get, wish we did two of these instead of the sesame shrimp honestly!) to start. We then had the mushroom noddles  Kung pao monkfish which was so flavorful and delicious. The lobster egg fried rice was a bit bland compared to all the other dishes and flavors, so I wish we had chosen something else!The banana pudding dessert was tasty, but not as good as my mom's! So again, wish I ordered something else! Will definitely be going back here.
Finally came here and loved it! Honestly my personal taste is more for small hole-in-the-wall kind of places with great food and this was not even close.. However it did offer some really great food. We had made a reservation which is highly recommended given how busy this place is and we were seated 15 minutes after the time of reservation. We were greeted by a really charming and knowledgeable waitress who happily answered all the questions we had. For appetizers we got the pork ribs (5/5)which are some of the best iv had- sticky sweet and falling off the bone. The pork buns (5/5)were really nice too. The edamame and wasabi dumplings(2/5) which we got were mushy and lacked good textures and were just not to my taste. For the main course we ordered the crispy soft shell crab(5/5), which was my favorite dish if the night. We also got the vegetable fried rice with coconut and pineapple foam(4/5)Shrimp fried rice(5/5)Lobster chow fun(5/5)Fried monk fish(3/5)Black cod(3/5)Spare ribs (2/5)Overall I really liked the vibe of the place and the basement was gorgeous- reminded me of the dinner scene from sex and the city. Great place to come with friends or to celebrate a special occassion.
Went to Buddakan for the first time this week for dinner. What a cool place! We walked in without a reservation and were able to get a table pretty quickly--which is unheard of in NYC. The decor was really handsome and sophisticated; I was really into it. The music was a little loud but the beats were pretty poppin so I didn't mind all that much. Justin was our server and he was soooooo friendly and helpful (and really cute too). We were looking to try something we've never had before and he suggested the monkfish. It was soooo good. We're definitely going to come back. And maybe ask for Justin again lol.
Buddakan is a place that I will come back to time and time again. Everything from the service to the ambiance to the food was excellently delivered. Do make sure to make a reservation ahead of time as they are quite busy. The Edamame Dumplings are a MUST order. These dumplings are incredibly unique and live up to the hype of other reviews. A creamy filling of edamame in a clear, rice-based dumpling wrap in a thin layer of broth.The Sizzling Short Rib is another MUST order. Meat is wonderfully tender and well paired with  chow fun noodles and pear chunks.The Crying Chocolate dessert is also highly recommended. It is a beautifully presented dessert that includes a great ganache with a melted chocolate filling and coffee ice cream on the side.Some items I look to try on my next visit based on recommendations: - Tuna tartare spring rolls- Monk fish- very cool presentation - Salt and pepper black bass- Alaskan black cod- Chinese sausage fried riceLooking forward to coming back soon!
The foods were very good, better than Hakkasan I think. I love the atmosphere and interior.However, I am very disappointed. They let us wait for more than an hour. I made a reservation for two for dinner time.In the beginning, we waited at the bar for like 10 min. They gave us the upper level table, which are just empty. I requested the main dining room. I had to wait again for an hour. I cant believe I waited that long for a reservation!
This was the hot place probably 8 years ago but now it is a place for out of towners who want a 'fancy' dinner. The vibe is great. It has amazing decor and the building itself it large and seems never ending. That being said, the food is just not good. We got the appetizer for two, pad Thai and some tofu dish. The pad Thai is what it is. Hard to mess up. Same as everywhere. The appetizer was all fried stuff with no flavor but somehow sweet.The tofu was terrible. I felt like I was eating sugar. This place isn't cheap so maybe stick to the classics that they can't mess up. But if you are a diabetic, maybe stay away.
Absolutely one of the best restaurants in Manhattan. Amazing service, amazing food, amazing drinks. I love it everytime. Comes with a hefty price tag but so worth it for a celebration or special occasion.
We had a reservation for 9:45 pm and we were running about 15 mins behind, called and spoke to the restaurant and was told it was ok. Got there around 10:05 and wasn't seated until 11:30 pm. Anyhow besides that food was ok service was great. 2 stars overall
I had been really excited to try this place for a long time. I finally went, and honestly I don't think it lives up to the hype. Food was good (not great), service was okay, cocktails were good. I do feel that the waitress was misleading saying the portions were small but they weren't that small. Atmosphere is nice. Maybe would go back. But I do think it's over priced for the quality . If you go, you have to do the edamame dumplings they were the only memorable things
Absolutely great place. Decor and ambiance is high end. Food and service is fantastic. Just go you'll love it.
Food is great here! Great selection of drinks and cocktails. Food comes in sharable sizes which is a plus!! Dessert was good but too pretty to eat.
My FAV restaurant of all time!! I first dined here for my 19th birthday which was such an amazing dining experience. And have been going back ever since. I recently went for my 23rd birthday with some friends and they fell in love with the place too! Again everything was spectacular. The food was amazing! Our waiter was great! And the music they had playing that night made it even more fun. 10/10 would DEFINITELY recommend. The sausage rice and any dumplings are my go tos at Buddakan.
I don't love fusion food but Buddakan is amazingly spacious with an upscale decor and has a fun vibe!  Good place to go out for drinks and food either lounging around or seated at a table. Music is loud but the ambiance is great and can accommodate drinks for 2 or dinner tables for groups of various sizes. They also have a very long rectangular "last supper" feast table for big parties.
I actually really liked my experience here! We had a really sweet waitress who took really good care of us and the food was good! The restaurant is a little more dim so it's perfect for a date. Instead of waiting for a table, they have free seating in the front/bar area so I recommend trying that first. You can order food there and we still got the whole experience. Or we just got lucky to get a corner table but it was still good. We got the General Tso's Chicken Dumplings and the Duck Fried Rice. We also tried their drinks and I got the Haze while my bf got a glass of Prosecco. The dumplings were really interesting! They're actually soup dumplings and I thought they were pretty unique. A little salty though so I poured my soup out. Duck fried rice was really yummy too and there's lots of bits of duck in every bite. I really liked my drink although next time I'd definitely get the Ruinart champagne because I've been looking for it everywhere!!
Firstly, if this place gets solely rated on ambience, it gets a perfect 5 stars. This is the place you bring people if you want to awe them. If you have a larger group, you get seated at the bottom of the stairs and it is definitely a pretty luxurious restaurant per NYC/USA standards (I say this because in my opinion, the lux restaurants in Europe are just icing on the cake).The food I'd say is a 7/10. We had a table of 11 people and each of us ordered the prefix menu for about $75 each I think (with tip we each payed about $100) so we had basically everything from the menu brought to us so all of us could get a taste of all the food family-style. The food is indeed exotic/unique and it hits all the tastebuds, but the flavor isn't very deep. Yes the assortment is grand and the types of food you get is wonderful, but the taste just doesn't linger after one of those "best meals of my life" dishes. I've gone a few times and would of course recommend as it has that "awe" factor (believe the Sex and the City pre-wedding dinner was filmed here). It's a great spot for photos and good food, but the luxury of the venue definitely outwins the meals.
Dimly lit date night spot serving up tasty tapas and shareable side dishes. Our waitress Caroleena was phenomenal. She elevated the experience with her knowledge, smile and exuded genuineness. The dishes that stood out were the yellow tail , pork buns, black cod and scallops.We also tried a few of the rice and noodle options to full up.To end the night off we had the Chocolate/ Pistachio dessert. A sincere touch was the candle and a cookie that read "Congratulations" inserted as it was my brothers graduation dinner.We left very content.
Buddakan is probably in my top 5 restaurants in the world.  If I lived here, I would be making a reservation for every birthday and anniversary.  But alas, I only get to visit.We've been to Buddakan many times and the overall experience is always flawless.  The evening begins as you enter their doors right next to Chelsea Market and are transported into this sexy, dark, culinary mecca.  Checking in at the host stand is easy and they check your coat right there before sending you to the bar area where you can wait comfortably until they come get you to bring you to your table.We have sat upstairs and downstairs; I far prefer the downstairs area.  You descend this magnificent stairway and take in this great room which has an enormous table (like in Harry Potter) where I imagine corporate dinners and expensive engagement parties occur.  The music courses through you (but not in a loud, annoying way) as you sit down at your table.  And then it starts.....I'm gaining weight just thinking about it.Everything is served family style, so food comes out when it's ready and nothing sits under hot lights.  I am IN LOVE with the chili rock shrimp which was crunchy tempura crusted popcorn-like shrimp in a sweet spicy sauce.  And I'm newly obsessed with the crab and lobster shumai which at $16 is pricey for 4 but really delicious (ask for soy sauce and they bring you what is almost a sweet potsticker sauce--so good).  If you want to change your world, you should also try the glazed Alaskan black cod which came with chili eggplant diced up and a black bean relish.  I can't explain the perfection that is that dish.  Also deserving of mention was the side broccoli that we ordered (had a nice crunchy toasty thing going on).When we were last here we had the minced pork lo mein which was good but not up to the amazingness of everything else.  Next time, I'd switch that out for lobster fried rice or Chinese Sausage fried rice that comes with a sunny side up egg.Service is fantastic and we always want for nothing.  Even though it's family style, our plates are still changed out between appetizers and entrees/sides, and the table is wiped clean when one of our party (I'm not mentioning any names but it is never me) gets some crumbs on the table:)  Can't wait to come back!Yelp 100 challenge: 25/100
This is a very expensive upscale restaurant worth going to on special occasions. I came here for a birthday with a few coworkers. We were seated in an open area with high ceilings and beautiful chandeliers. Putting aside the expense, the food and drinks were very good. There was an option to do a family style or individual plates; we chose the family style. The portions were a little small, but enough to just satisfy. The staff were incredibly nice and helpful. Overall I am happy with my experience.
As it turns out, eating at Buddkana at 9:00pm on a Monday in January is sort of... perfect? I've always liked this place (the vast, gorgeous design makes one feel like they are stepping into an Asian temple), but the almost nightclubby vibe it gets when it is busy on the weekend often became a deterrent when deciding where to go. As it turns out, when it's just somewhat busy and not packed the restaurant becomes quite relaxing and comfortable.I went with a few friends and we decided to share a lot of different dishes. We enjoyed nearly everything. The edamame dumplings were surprising in texture, almost creamy, but unique and delicious. The oxtail dumplings were perhaps my favorite bite of the meal. The pork buns pack a bit of a punch and are a nice twist on the classic. The cauliflower lollipops were a delight and a surprise; crunchy and salty, and perhaps maybe now I like cauliflower? For our entrees we shared the sweet and crispy shrimp, which were perfectly textured and had a great balance of sweet and salty flavors, and the short ribs, which melted off the bone. The snow peas and bacon tasted the most like what you would get from Chinese delivery, but slightly elevated. Finally, the vegetable fried rice was just okay; next time I'd try a different type, as I found the curry sauce it was paired with lacking in flavor.What's a big meal with friends without desert? The crying chocolate was a perfect note to end the meal on. That and a nice hot cup of peppermint tea. Everything was tied together by attentive and friendly service, making for a truly lovely evening out. I definitely plan to return, and now I know the best time to do so.
My boyfriend and I celebrated his birthday here and I would just like to start out by saying that the decor in this restaurant from the moment you walk in is absolutely beautiful. Their lychee martinis are amazing and overall our experience was great, the service was awesome, but I gave 4 stars because I wasnt 100% satisfied with the chicken dishes we ordered. If I was to pick between Tao or Buddakan I would definitely pick Tao. I don't mind coming back to give it a second chance though! Definitely recommend people to dine here at least once.
Food was lack luster. Sugary without a lot of depth of flavor. Spicy rock shrimp tasted like buffalo wings. Lobster egg rolls were a. It mushy and didn't feel fresh. Beef was over cooked and charred. We sat in the bar which was a fun spot. Good house music and crowd on a Sunday night.
Wow this place meets the hype.  Clearly, as a long time Stephen Starr restaurant Buddakan NYC has real staying power.  While I feel it is a touristy destination, it is also well regarded with the locals. The ambiance is sexy, and the size makes it great for groups, and cocktails are good.  I had the Truce (cucumber/gin based- very, refreshing).   I came here for a pre fixe dinner for a friend's birthday party of 15 or so, and we had SO much food so they were generous.  Service was overall good- decent with water refllls but there was a big lag between the apps and the mains.. I guess it's a big group so Idk.  But anyway, the food was for the most part, very excellent. (Better than Tao for sure)To start, we all shared the below family style:Cantonese Spring Rolls - Good, but you know hard to mess this up, fried spring rolls. The chicken vs. shrimp was sort of indisguinishableEdamame Dumplings - As good as people say, really unique, it's like edamame plus some kind of mash which made them so flavorful ad uniquePork Potstickers- Meh, sad I wasted calories on eating two of these. With two different dip sauces.Peking Duck Salad - This was ok to good, duck was a bit tough. The greens and poached egg were good.Chili Rock Shrimp - Who doesn't love shrimp tempura? Their is pretty good- not overly saucy or done, perfectly crispy. For the mains, we had:Chilled Udon Noodles- I think they brought this because it was vegetarian but these were not my fave by any means, kind of lacking in flavor.. they have better options. Also had a weird sorbet on top.Lobster Fried Rice- very good. Could use more lobster flavor but overall, very buttery, good fried rice. Kind of had a Thai twang to itChinese sauteed broccoli - such an underrated dish as a side but it was really, really tasty - loved the toasted/fried garlic atopBlack Pepper Beef- Unfortunately did not love this, it was a bit overcooked in my opinion so the beef was rubbery. It was also too saucy...Sizzling Short Rib- very good, well done maybe a bit chewy? But I enjoyed it Salt  Pepper Bass - very very delicious; I loved, loved this- it was well cooked, delicious I think we had the Black Dragon Chicken - crispy, chicken, I think tea smoked? Anyway not sure which it was but it was a well seared, crispy chicken. The mains were definitely mostly better than the starters- except the edamame dumpling.  Dessert was banging, and some were just as good as the mains.  We had the famous Crying Chocolate- a molten lava cake not to be missed with really good coffee ice cream (which normally I do not like!) The almond bread pudding - not my cup of team; too sweet. The pear sorbet - eh, uninteresting but I guess good if you want something fruity and light. We all had champagne to end the night - a nice toast. Any way, long story short...Buddakan rules, I don't care what people say!! Go here and make it a special occasion.
Went on a Saturday night for my boyfriend's birthday. It was just the two of us but definitely book in advance. It was packed in the waiting area. I was worried that the ambience was going to be a little too "boujee" for my liking but it was actually very cool, hip and classy. The music was loud and lively so it set the tone. We were also glad to see a mix of a younger and older people in the crowd. When I made the rsvp I had requested to sit in the main dining area with the chandeliers but I guess that wasn't possible. That wasn't a problem for us anyway.      The food was DELICIOUS and literally everything we got, we LOVED. We started off with the pork buns and the edamame dumplings (we weren't going to get these but someone swore by them when my boyfriend was in the restroom lol). We are people who love meat...so the edamame dumpling weren't exactly our favorite but they were definitely yummy and bursting with flavor. He ordered the short rib which was cooked to perfection. I got the crispy soft shell crab and we both shared the Peking duck fried rice. All to die for. Definitely will be going back here again.
The dimly lit restaurant sets the mood for a romantic dinner. Being that my boyfriend and I were celebrating an anniversary it was perfect. Our server Jessie was well educated in the menu and ingredients. He made great suggestions. He explained every dish as it was brought out and answered any questions we had with ease. We ordered dessert but the restaurant provided a complimentary anniversary dessert as a surprise, which was a lovely touch.We tried the King crab and lobster dumplings, which came with 4 pieces. They were light and refreshing. Lobster fried rice was a little to bland for my liking. Black bean scallop was like a stir fry with lots of flavor and sauce. The scallops were soft and tender and held a lot of flavor. The Mongolian lamb chops were absolutely amazing. We ordered it medium rare and it was very tender and juicy. By far my favorite dish!! The bread pudding was delicious. No words to describe how amazing this dessert was. The fresh berry sorbet that was complimentary was very refreshing. The sorbet made of wine melted in your mouth.
The fate cocktail and general tso dumplings were awesome. The spicy chicken and the charred filet were good, and the wok tossed noodles were also good. The ambience is pretty great. Were able to snag a table by the bar without a reservation. The main dining room downstairs is gorgeous, like from the sex and the city movie but there aren't too many tables there. Lots of tables surrounding that opulent Harry Potter like room. Much better than Tao down the street as far as food goes
I am sitting at the bar - have been waiting for my reservation for one hour. So has the family sitting next to me. Horrible service and organization for a high end restaurant in NYC.** update: still waiting. It's 8 pm and our reservation was at 6:45.
Chose this place as our last meal in NY based on the suggestion of someone we met at Chesley Market and all of the great Yelp reviews of course.  We were not disappointed. Love the sleek sexy look and feel of this place.  We felt slightly under-dressed as we had been out to Ellis Island earlier in the day.  Great date night spot. We arrived shortly after they opened and grabbed a table in the lounge area.  We had snacked our way through the  Market and weren't super hungry so we chose the vegetable fried rice and the noodles with prawns. Both dishes were very tasty and I thought the serving sizes were on the bigger size. The menu had some great sounding dishes that made me wish I had been famished. There are no happy hour specials and the cocktail prices are high,  stick with a beer, the one I ordered wasn't all that great.  It was Tim M's birthday so they brought out a small scoop of ice cream,  nice touch.  It was soy flavored and tasted similar to salted caramel, very good.  Would definitely return here on our next trip to NYC.
Buddakan..... Oh Buddakan..... Oh how I love thee....My expectations were exceeded from the reservation...  the waiter.... the food... the servers.... the atmosphere... entire experience.Talk about delicious........... what makes the experience even more sensual is that the food is cooked upon order - your food is not hanging around waiting for someone to order.Apps:1. Lobster egg roll - Fresh chunks of succulent lobster with veggies..... Delicious2. The Pork Bun - OMG the pork belly inside of the bun - melted in your mouth - like whoa!3. We had the general Tso dumpling.... also delicious Entrees:1. Crispy Shrimp - Let me tell fresh hot crispy juicy shrimp w/ toasted walnuts - YUM YUM YUM!2. Spicy Beef - this dish right here was so good - that it leaves  your taste buds wanting more3. Lamb Chops - Deliciously flavored...4. Lobster Fried Rice - So So So So Gooooooooooooood5. Chinese Sausage Fried Rice - Knock your socks off Gooooooooood6. Broccoli pan seared in Black bean sauce - Very good and tastyyOMG - Almost forgot about the DESERT - Almond Bread Pudding  - OUT OF THIS DAYUM WORLD GOOD..... DONE!This Resto Rocks!
I don't normally "love" a restaurant, but this is an exception--Buddakan is one of the best restaurants I have EVER been to. No, really.The place itself is stunning. Beautiful architecture in the main dining room (the restaurant is two  floors) and side tables. I was glad I made a reservation, because the place was MOBBED.The food. I have no bad things to say about it. We had eight people in our group, so we all got different entrees and put them in the middle of the table. My favorites were the short rib, black pepper beef (the one I ordered), and broken chili chicken. Every one of the eight entrees we had was absolutely remarkable. The portions are perfectly sized too. You don't even need rice with it!Oh, we also got the tuna tartare spring rolls. But that's a different topic altogether.The desserts are so creative here. Like, who would come up with a "crying" chocolate cake?There is nothing negative to say about this restaurant. Everything about it is just extraordinary.
Fabulous!  Just fabulous!   No surprise about it being "tres Cher". $$$. Menu lists prices but so worth it!   All staff was superb. Come completely customer focused. Old school but outstanding.  Now the food. We shared edamame dumplings which were very good. Duck salad sensational and beef pancake. Appetizers each enough to share a generous portion.  We also shared the blackened cod. Delicious.   And pear with sorbet dish for desert.  All in all one of the best meals ever.   You must try it. I'll be back
There is only one description for my visit: Outstanding experience: the atmosphere, the staff, the music and all the great dishes. Perfect!
Can't find any complaints with the meal I had here this time around! It's all about knowing what to order folks!!Came on a Monday night at 8pm. It was pretty bumpin considering it was Monday. Be aware when you arrive and check in, they tell you to wait in the lounge area before you are seated. It was kind of annoying but whatevs, fortunately we were seated with 15 mins. Appetizers  - Edamame dumplings: delish. Definitely better than the general tso ones.  - Lobster egg rolls: Why don't more reviews talk about these? So good! The shell is crunchy and the filling is loaded. The portion size is a little bigger than the other appetizers were so thats a plus too!  - Cauliflower pops: Cheese literally spills out when you bite in. They reminded me of arancini (sp?) rice balls. I enjoyed them but not sure I would order again. Also on the bigger side portion wise. Entrees: - Chinese sausage fried rice: AMAZING! It's honestly like crack. The sausage is presented more line bacon in that its just little crispy bits. The egg is poached which is a fun twist. Definitely get this if you like fried rice! -Sizzling Short Rib: i'm picky about meats, but mhmm this was good. It was flaky and there was almost no fat which I really appreciated. The size was pretty big too considering it comes with chow fun. Only negative was that some parts tasted a little burnt but over all good! The chow fun was good but not a stand out. It could have used more flavor/sauce. This is a fun place for birthdays/celebrations. It's definitely a scene! Pro tip: when making reservations you can ask not to be seated at the communal table.
Great place for a date night. Cool ambiance, good music, and tasty food. A few standouts: General Tso's chicken dumplings, crab sticky rice, and the tuna tartare spring rolls.
Eh-hem, is this thing on? Tap, Tap, Tap1. Pretentious2. Overpriced (or is that a given with #1)3. Lack of service in lounge (come on, 50 people to 1 waitress? poor thing.)4. Host/Hostess Station (You have 7 lounging male/female models hanging out, "showing" people to tables and gossiping while said 1 waitress was trying to serve a bar full of patrons?) 5. Wait time (remember, 1 waitress for 50 people)6. Food portions (small and overpriced)*7* Highlight! Atmosphere! People-watching! Ridiculousness!8. Pretentious9. Dessert?10. No thank you. Mic drop.
This place is overrated. The ambiance is lovely, but for the prices I would expect WAY better tasting Chinese food.I will say that the dessert menu is on point. I had the Bread Pudding--absolutely AMAZING! I will only come back to have dessert here, unless someone else is paying.Come here if you have a snobby date or client you want to impress with the ambiance. Other than that there are plenty of gorgeous restaurants in NYC that don't cost as much and have better tasting food.
One would think that Buddakan is just another tourist trap (like Tao), with its MASSIVE scale and flamboyant decor. However, Buddakan impresses not only in appearance, but in taste and service as well, and that surprises me more and more each visit. Here are the must orders:***Edamame Dumplings: These are addictive. I'm not sure if they have crack in them or what, but you may have to order a few rounds. EVERYONE will love them.Chili Rock ShrimpHere are some other good choices:Tuna Tartare Spring RollsDungeness Crab Sticky RiceCharred Filet of BeefFate CocktailThe Braised Short Ribs with Mushroom Chow Fun was very rich, and I found it was missing a bit of acidity. I look forward to going back to try more dishes and different proteins!
Buddakan has the same vibe as other hip Asian Fusion restaurants - dim lighting, architecture with modernized Asian elements (painted red vases, curved doorways), clubby throbbing background music, and Asian fusions dishes.The tuna tartare spring rolls were pretty good, a light thin, crisp spring roll shell with cold tuna tartare stuffed inside.The edamame dumplings were pretty good, but not something to rave about. The dumplings were composed of the chewy white dim sum peel (like ha gow) with a purée of edamame inside. The dumplings sat in a light sweet-tart broth.The chili rock shrimp was like the tempura rock shrimp at Nobu's. Buddakan's version was slightly breadier and the sauce coating the rock shrimp was stronger tasting. It was pretty tasty though I still prefer Nobu's version.The sizzling short rib does not sizzle. I didn't really like this dish since the ingredients didn't seem to meld well together. The short rib meat (with bread crumbs on top) was soft, tender, and easy to pull apart I found the strong taste lingering and oily. It sat atop a bed of pad see ew. I liked the pad see ew with it's mushroom pieces but it was disconnected from the short rib. Three cubes of Asian pear were in the fish too. Skip this entree (I give it only two stars.)
Best meal ever. We knew this was a hot spot thanks to sexy in the city episodes from long ago but it still lives up to the hype. Portions were generous and every bite was better than the last. Love the chili rock shrimp app and the potstickers... best I ever had. We shared the peppered beef and a chicken dish and rice and green beans.... PLENTY of food for 3 and the rice with the curry and pineapple... I'll be dreaming of that for years. Topped off the event with the malted lava cake with coffee ice cream and although we were stuffed at this point not a drop was left. The mood, music and decor is simple Swanky and so very "sex in this city!
High-end and exotic experience for Chinese cuisine.  It's not the traditional Chinese restaurant you envision so do not expect traditional and authentic dishes. This is more of new and creative Chinese fusion. Reminds me of Hakassan Group.  The dinning doesn't look like the round table Chinese dining rather it looks like hogwartz or phantom of the opera themed. Have their unique cocktail (oolong tea with vodka, what?) definitely fits the trend of Chelsea district.  Worth experience it if you got the financial mean to!
This place is about to top 3k reviews. So what triggers in my mind? Let's check it out!!!Well...I didn't realize what I was about to get myself into when I stepped into this majestic restaurant. My mouth dropped at the interior designs and lighting as I set foot into the front entrance. I didn't make a reservations and that was not a problem, as they have a first come first served section by the bar area.Before preparing yourself to eat one of the best meals of your life and be served by the most professional servers I've ever been greeted, you need to understand how the dining works. There are three sets of categories in their menu: Appetizers which consists of Appetizers and Dim Sums; Entree which is Meat, Seafood, and Poultry; and Sides which is Fried Rice and Noodles. All meals are served at the center of the table, meaning all of the meals are served with the intention that YOU are SHARING your meal.What did I get? I shared Lobster and Shrimp Chow Mein (Entree under Seafood) and Vegetable Fried Rice (Sides). Both prepared really well without too much fancy presentation. Taste is outstanding (so was the bill). The food did take about 30min to 45min, but that just gives you more time to have a conversation with your fellow buddies or your date.I'd definitely recommend this place for dates as they play ambient music and candles are lit at each table, which really sets the mood. This means you should dress up nicely or come at least semi-formal. Just don't make the mistake like I did and come in with sweatpants (oops).
Loved loved loved the venue! Beautiful chic decor and the food was exquisite. I'd highly suggest their edamame dumplings, they're delicious! Also, be sure to make a reservation a few days out.
The food was outstanding! The restaurant vibe was very relaxed with dim lighting. Very romantic! Everything from the appetizers to the Peking duck and dessert was perfect!
I love this restaurant !!! The food , the ambience the staff, everything is amazing about it . I am a regular it's been 12 years  and my favorite dishes that I order every time I go there are cantonese spring rolls , edamame dumpling , vegetable rice and charred filet of beef . I don't know why but I just can't get enough of it . I order this same things for all my friends visiting from Europe and every single one of them would get excited as much I do. This gorgeous restaurant is very busy and if you don't find a table there is a bar as soon as u walk in on your left or there is another one downstairs where you can sit without a reservation and have your dinner . Enjoy !
Been here twice now. The food is great and so is the service. Love,love,love the decor and ambience. Too loud but I'll definitely be back.
As you enter the restaurant it's quite dark, concierge is located on the left as you enter. I was with a group of five and we were seated near the bar until our table was available. Our waiter (Ryan) arrived and carried our drinks downstairs. Ryan was such a rockstar. He spent his time going over the menu and giving recommendations. I informed him I had a serious shellfish allergy. He was so accommodating and informed me he would speak with the chefs before he put the order in. He took down a list of what all of us would like to try. He came back promptly and informed me what the chef said I can and can't have. Our food was fresh, hot and beautifully presented.What to try: Pork Potsticks, Edamame Dumplings, Scallion Pancakes, Mongolian Lamb Chops, Mao Poe Tofu, Crying Chocolate, Spiced Carrot Cake, Dark Chocolate MousseThe portion sizes were great which leaves just enough room for dessert. This is now one of my favorite restaurants. I definitely will be back. If your in the Chelsea area Buddakhan is a must stop at if you're craving some yummy in your tummy, maybe you'll get lucky and have Ryan as your waiter too
Phenomenal Service, beautiful architecture, the lamb chops, edamame dumplings and the hazelnut praline dessert were to die for with a great selection of wine. Wasn't a big fan of the tuna spring rolls or chili rock shrimp. Will definitely be returning.
Service - 4Very polite and nice after being seated. Long wait to get seated even though the restaurant was 70% empty when we got seated, the wait was not justified. Food - 3Appetizer: -Crispy quail (2 pieces) - 5Very nicely seasoned with a delicious sauce. Quail was nicely fried and meat was tender. Small portion but great execution Entrees:-Crispy noodle with seafood - 2Crispy noodles should not be in watery soup. Common sense 101 will tell you the crispiness will turn soggy within a few minutes. Was I supposed to eat everything within minutes? Also, not well seasoned at all. The slices of slightly cooked garlic was a nice touch. The portion is McDonald's happy meal sized. Overall, looked like random typical Asian ingredients were thrown together without much thought or knowledge of these ingredients individually.-Soft shelled crab (2 pieces) - 3Common sense 101 in regards to sogginess definitely applies here. The crabs were large and super fresh. But it was too salty. The sauce was also super salty and should've been on the side, instead, it was drowning the nicely fried crabs and turned it into a soggy, annoyingly chewy mess. My favorite parts of this was the fresh chunks of meat that I picked out on the inside and the saffron threads on top. Dessert:-Hong Kong style waffles - 1No egg flavor. The entire point of Hong Kong "waffles" is the pleasant eggy flavor. It's supposed to be springy and soft but crispy on the outside. These were nearly hallow with just a crisp shell as texture and nearly tasteless if not for the fresh cream with fruits and jam it was sitting on. Also super tiny for $13. You can get more and better in Chinatown for $1.25 no joke. Overall: disappointing I guess if all you know is expensive steak and potatoes, this place will blow your mind. You're paying for the reputation, the name brand, the environment, and the nice fancy service you get after being seated. Way overpriced to be fed children portions of subpar fusion dishes. But it's a good place if you want to show off and have your bday there.
Came here with my boyfriend and friends for my birthday dinner...hmm, where do I start? This review is going to be plain and simple. The food was insanely delicious! We ordered so much, I tried a little bit everything from every dish. I couldn't even move when we were ready to leave the restaurant. LOL!The detail and design inside the restaurant was incredible. It didn't feel like I was at a restaurant. Felt like I was having dinner in a palace. That's how lovely it was.Can't wait to go back! Nom, nom, nom!
It's not great and it's fairly expensive. The price point isn't ridiculous but I don't think the food is exactly worth it. Just to give you perspective, if you order a jumbo shrimp entree you'll pay over $30 and you'll get 5 large shrimp on a plate, nothing else. If you want rice you'll have to order that separately but they explain it to you so you won't order an entree alone and end up surprised. If you're tempted to get the dim sum sampler for 2, I'd say it isn't worth it. It really is just a sample and nothing to supplement your meal. For example, the spring roll it comes with is one mini spring roll cut in half and it's not that great. I'd recommend just getting two separate full appetizers that are good. Jade shrimp and general tso's dumplings are good, Dungeness crab toast is good as well. Overall I wouldn't recommend the food but the service was good and it wasn't a bad experience; if you want to try this place out go for it. I've always wanted to try this place and now I have but I'll probably never choose to go back. The only thing I really didn't like was that they brought out all of our food; appetizers and entrees together so our table was really, really crowded and our entrees weren't hot by the time we got to them.
Once again, Stephen Starr doesn't disappoint. Having been to several Starr restaurants in Philly (and having made many outings to Le Diplomate in DC), it was time to try out Buddakan during my last trip to New York.An evening at Buddakan is a great experience, from starting the evening in the very nice, modern Asian-decorated lounge with drinks right through the expertly made and presented meal.One thing that immediately made an impression on me was the friendliness of the staff. Often, popular "destination restaurants" have staff that often come off as pretentious or stand-offish, but that certainly wasn't the case here. The bartenders were quite friendly, and our server was just delightful, making sure that we selected items off the menu that suited our tastes.Based on her recommendations, we started the evening with some lobster egg rolls and an amazing scallion pancake topped with braised short rib, and I could have easily ordered the scallion pancakes again for dessert!  My own entree was the charred filet of beef, which was amazing -- and, this is where the expertise of our server really came into play, since I was vacillating between two of the beef dishes. She recommended the filet, saying just four words: "soy-infused garlic butter". Need I say more?An excellent evening, great setting, wonderful food, and personalized service. I can't recommend Buddakan highly enough.
Great food, great environment and friendly staff!Food was served very fast and surprisingly the place was ok for small kids.
What more can I say than this place is excellent. If you are looking for a dinning experience, from service to Dim Sum to Ambiance this is it. Beautiful decor and up scale vibe. Drinks were unique and all of the plates were fresh, light and flavorful. Strongly recommend this place if you are on the hunt for Asian Flavor Infusion and a cool scene.
How could you not love this place? Best to get a reservation (we didn't but got lucky and snagged a corner bar table) otherwise you may end up at a community table in the bar area with people surrounding you like vultures wanting your spot the second you get up. Rock shrimp, edamame dumplings, and general tso dumplings were perfection. Filet came out perfectly prepared with a sauce that was impeccable. We got Peking duck rice and it also did not disappoint! Loud music, good with friends or a hot date night!!
Really loved the experience at this restaurant ! Service was really good and the ambience is perfect for a chilled dinner with friends or a nice date .The server was really nice and polite .Everything we picked fromThe menu was delicious .Will def go back ! Thank you
Last night was horrible. We made a  birthday reservation few weeks ahead and when we got there we had to wait one hour. After asking couple of times the hostesses that don't even look up to be seated, we finally were seated.  While we were waiting in the lobby we ordered drinks, once the lady took us to our dinner table we were told that our drinks would be brought to us by the annoyed waiter, but they never made the table. The table where we were seated was so tiny and for sure it wasn't meant to be for 5. It was very unorganized and not pleasant.  The food was ok but our night was ruined. UHHHHH
The lobster fried rice haunted my dreams! So good!! This place is great everything we had was delicious and the wait staff were very accommodating of my gluten allergy. Can't wait to go back!
My boyfriend brought me here for my birthday, and I loved it! The service was excellent, and the food was fantastic. The inside of this restaurant was so nice!!
Buddakan never disappoints!!!  We came here around 10pm on a Saturday without reservations.  I knew we wouldn't get a table, but the hostess told us to go to the bar and we would be able to get a seat there.  She was right.  We waited about 5 minutes and got a table.  We had the Chinese sausage fried rice, Singapore noodles, and double cooked pork.  The fried rice was DELICIOUS!  It was so tasty and not overly salty.  The sunny side up egg on top was a nice addition.  Singapore noodles came with crispy pork belly.  OMG was this dish awesome.  The noodles had the right amount of spice and the pork was crispy and tender all at the same time.  The double cooked pork was a nice piece of pork shoulder.  Again cooked to perfection with a great slaw salad ontop.  For dessert we had the dark chocolate mousse.  It arrived with a perfect scoop of mint chocolate chip ice cream on the side.  The waiter set the dish down and poured this incredible chocolate over the top of the mousse.  The mousse was light and creamy.  I wish I could have taken a half gallon of that ice cream home with me. Our waitress was awesome.  She always checked on us, made sure our glasses were full and offered suggestions.The decor is dimly lit and romantic.  The background music is perfect and not intrusive.
Definitely 5 stars! I loved everything about this place. Came here on a Sunday around 7pm and was seated immediately. My waiter was friendly and very attentive. I can't speak for the drinks, I wasnt in the mood so I just had water. The oxtail dim sum was very flavorful. My fav was the shrimp dim sum. I will definitely return and I recommend this place to everyone
Great ambience, great food, great wine! The edamame dumplings are to die for!!! 5 stars all the way and we were seated (in the lounge/bar area) without a reservation - couldn't believe our luck!Highly recommended!!!
Peking duck is quite good. Ox tail dumplings are terrific. Don't go for shrimp shao mai. Service is top-notch.
I love this place. Great atmosphere. Cocktail bar is nice and the food is spectacular. Try the edamame dumplings and pork belly.
The hype is real! We were a party of 4, here's what we ordered: APPETIZERS (2) Edamame dumplingsCrispy cauliflower lollipopsJade shrimp dumplings(2) Tuna tar tar spring rollsShort rib and scallion pancakesChili Rock shrimpMAIN COURSESalt  Pepper Black Bass Charred filet of beefBroken chili chicken Wild mushroom chow funChinese sausage fried riceCauliflower stir fryDESSERTCrying chocolate cake Tanggao Chinese donuts Apple Tarte TatinEverything was absolutely amazing. The flavor combinations of everything we tried we superb. My favorite appetizers were definitely the cauliflower lollipops and the edamame dumplings. The edamame dumplings were like green soft clouds that melt in your mouth - there's literally no other way to describe it. The cauliflower lollipops were unique; something I've never seen before. The outer shell is made of cauliflower and is crisp to perfection, while the inside just melts in your mouth. The main course meals were shared amongst everyone at the table. My overall favorite dish was the broken chili chicken. It was white meat breaded lightly with panko in a sweet and sour sauce that had a light spice to it. The chow fun was also superb. If I had to do without any of the things that we ordered, I wouldn't have ordered the sea bass or the jade shrimp dumplings. Although the sea bass was delicious, it was battered and fried. The dumplings were good, but they were just regular soup dumplings. Portions are small. Typically 3-4 pieces a dish for appetizers. The main meals are definitely meant for sharing. The atmosphere and decor is perfect. Very trendy, but also cozy enough where you can hear everyone comfortably. Can't wait to go back!
Buddakan makes an amazing almond bread pudding. So good I would be willing to come here by myself just to order that and eat it at the bar. Food was good also. Favorites include the chili rock shrimp appetizer, Singapore king crab, and Kung pao monkfish. Space is huge and service was good.
Probably a good place to hear a good music when dinner.Good food but no good service.But I made a reservation at 11:15 and arrives at 10:30, after I clamed some times they gave a table at 00:00.Never more.
This place is very popular so you should make reservations weeks in advance if you don't want to be like me who could only get a 10 PM dinner reservation. Despite that, the service we received that late in the evening was absolutely fantastic. This restaurant is super modern and trendy so dress up pretty well! Buddakan is pretty much a classy dim sum place so the food here is meant to be shared. They don't serve everything at once. Standouts: 1. Oxtail dumplings - OMG unbelievably out of this world please don't skip this! This is the best thing in the menu.2.  Pork buns were delish! 3.  Clarity (cocktail) has lychee and anything with lychee will taste amazing.Skip the following: 1. edamame dumplings - I know it's tempting and a bit intriguing but the dumplings were super weird. The texture was so odd and the taste was just okay. If you're curious and adventurous, go ahead and try but I bet you won't end up loving them.2. Sizzling pork ribs - just ok3. Duck fried rice - lackluster fried rice -- eating it only reminded me how good PF Chang's fried rice is.4. Wild mushroom chow fun - SUPER SALTY!
Much more of a scene than I expected, but still fun and worth going. Decor and vibe is reminiscent of Tao. Surprisingly easy to get a reservation for 5 at 8pm. Service is spotty - people up front greeting, coat check, etc. were quite aloof and after a minute of waiting at coat check I had to say "excuse me, do I check my coat here," despite that no one was around me. Our waiter, however, was fantastic. Good drinks menu and extensive food menu. We all split everything: pork dumplings (the least impressive item), spare ribs (by far the best), scallion pancake, tuna tartare tacos, mushroom noodles, crab fried rice, stir-fried greens, shrimp, and of course the Peking duck. The Peking duck was truly exceptional, and in hindsight - we should almost have just ordered 2 of those and scrapped the rest. We skipped dessert, because they do start PUMPING the music later in the evening (god I sound so old). Fun place to come though!
I was in New York for the weekend and Buddakan was the best restaurant I went to.Every dish we ordered was not simply just 'food', it was a piece of art. The ingredients were meticulously put together to make creative masterpieces with exquisite taste and style. I was so impressed. I plan to visit Buddakan the next time I go to New York just to try more on the menu.We made a reservation for 11:15pm. We ordered: Lobster Egg RollsEdamame DumplingsTuna Tartare Spring RollCharred Filet Of BeefWok Tossed Noodles With PrawnsCrying ChocolateEverything was amazing!!!Highly recommenced if you want some delicious  creative Chinese food. The actual ambiance  decor was fabulous as well!
Had drinks and apps in their lounge. Trendy restaurant in a trendy area. Service and food is great. Very dim inside.
So I am looking through my yelp reviews today and realized I never wrote a review for this place! I have been here twice since moving to New York. Whoops. Anyway this is one of the first spots that comes up when you search trendy restaurant in NYC. I first came here with my dad when he was visiting because he is a big fan of high end asian fusian food. When you first walk in the restaurant is beautiful. You can tell this is a sort of scene-y spot in meatpacking. The ambiance is fun and a bit loud, which my dad does not like. Sorry dad. We were seated downstairs but made sure to pause for a nice picture on the staircase overlooking the dining room. Now onto the food.When my dad and I go out to dinner we like to order more than we can actually eat but this time I think we did pretty good. We ordered the lobster egg rolls to start. They were fried to perfection and nice and crispy. They steamed just slightly when you bit into them to find the tender delicious lobster. YUM. Just order them they are so good. And we got the chili rock shrimp which was also amazing.Now onto the main course. We ordered the jumbo shrimp, the black pepper beef, and lobster fried rice which was equally delicious. We were clearly in the mood for lobster. Everything was very delicious and we were STUFFED by the time we left. The food was great and my dad was a happy camper. I did good. Thanks Buddakan you are always a solid choice
If you're 1) A picky 2) critical (and cheap) Asian person like myself, save yourself the trouble and go eat at Chelsea market next door. The way I see it, Buddakan is called fusion only because: it serves Asian food at American prices.Buddakan had been on my Yelp bookmark for a while now, so I was thrilled when a friend agreed to venture here with me tonight. The service and decor did not disappoint in the least - Buddakan is probably one of the more grand and beautifully adorned restaurants I have been to. The server accidentally served us spring rolls that were meant to go to the table next to ours, but he gracefully caught his mistake and stated that they were "complementary," thus saving everyone the awkwardness. But the food. Oh, the food. My friend and I ordered the shrimp toast and oxtail dumplings from the Dim Sum menu, along with the Soft Shell Crab dish from the Fish menu.1) Shrimp Toast: It's literally just a slightly fried huge fish ball with a shrimp tail attached and halfway covered with sticky rice flour and sesame. Fish balls cost like $0.25 at a mart. Just saying.2) Oxtail dumplings: the combination of the oxtail with apples, a cilantro-y herb and jalepenos was interesting and unique, but the dish was extremely, extremely salty. I unfortunately couldn't taste anything but soy sauce. 3) Soft Shell Crab: The crabs (there are 2) were actually quite meaty, but alas it was once again too salty. I liked the herb that came with it though.By the time my friend and I reached home from the dinner, we were desperate for water because the dinner had been much too salty. I can see why Buddakan is popular; it's gorgeous!! But I really can't see myself returning here even if someone paid me to come here:( I would rather go to Chinatown to eat better, tastier, cheaper food.
Food, service, and the entire general dining experience is always flawless here. Buddakan is one of my favorite restaurants in New York because it never fails me. I've dined here about ten times and I've always been wowed. I'm not a big fan of Chinese fusion food nor do I stay close to the meat packing district when I come to NY but I always find myself making plans to eat here. The WARMTH cocktail is like apple pie in a glass. It smells amazing and tastes even better. It goes so well with the Asian flavors of the food, especially all the fish dishes. The edamame dumplings they are famous for are bites of bliss. The crystal shrimp is something you envy in neighboring tables and the additional order is worth it. The cod melts in your mouth. The lamb chops are so tender and juicy. But my top favorites are the lobster fried rice and pork belly baos. These two are sure to send you to foodie paradise. In short, you can't go wrong here with the food. Every bite transports you to yum central. Buddakan is a gem in NY. There are so many amazing restos here but they really set themselves apart with consistently delicious food and impeccable service.
This restaurant is very nice. The food is always delicious and the atmosphere inviting. Very nice for a romantic dinner or an evening with great friends.
Amazing atmosphere, great food. There is something for everyone here. We were here with a good sized group, so we got to try almost  everything. Personal favorites were: Oxtail Dumplings, Tuna tartare spring roll, Edamame dumplings,Lobster fried rice, Charred filet, Mongolian Lamb Chops  Kung Pao Monk Fish.
Made a reservation for 9:30, showed up 20 mins before reservation and was told to wait the lounge. Sat there until 9:45 at which point no one had waited on us in the lounge area so we went back to our the hostess counter and complained and asked for our jackets back from the hostess. She apologized and said that she would 'take care of us' next time. Never again...
Great atmosphere, beautiful and trendy decor.  The food was excellent as well as the service, the reason why not 5 stars because the chicken fois gras dumpling lacked taste.  I would recommend the lobster fried rice as well as the pepper beef, it was very good.
Always solid ask for Kevin for your server he's da man and the food is always good  in my opinion you can't go wrong with any choice on the menu
Back again 15th Jan 2015. Forgotten how good the food here is, and seems like the service has got way better.To start glazed pork belly ( buns ) and shorts ribs are a must.Fillet beef melts in your mouth. Peking duck pefect for a good group share and enjoy.For dessert we had the choc cake, the mousse and the bread pudding. ...all were great but the bread pudding was the winner of the night.Try the espresso martini its heaven in a glass.
I've been here several times over the past few years -- it is very consistent. Super stylish, great service, wonderful cocktails, delicious food... It's perfect for groups. Not an ideal place for a date (the first time I came was on a date and it was WAY too loud to maintain a conversation) but the decor, location, ambiance is really chic and fun. But seriously, the food is just as good. I absolutely love coming here!
Great location to go out after for a drink. The restaurant is beautiful inside, i love that you can go casual or dressy. You'll see people with sneakers but also heels so come as you want !The employees are very nice, We had a reservation and got seat right on time. The food was good. I loved the Coli flowers. The lobster rice was a bit dry. The meat dumpling were delicious. The ambience is great !
Took a month to get a reservation for a Friday night, it was my husbands birthday, and I wanted to take him someplace different. This was my second time here, the first was with a friend, it was so many years ago that I basically forgot what I ate or how good the food was. I called to confirm, went through the dessert menu, and preordered his chocolate dessert to say "happy birthday" As we arrived it's like checking into a hotel, many people in the front, all with smiles asking if you have a reservation. After confirming you're asked to wait by the bar, and someone will come find you. You walk up a couple of stairs into what looks like a beautiful lounge, the bar is to your left, which is very small, and crowded. It's very dark, and the middle area have tables occupied with people eating, it must really suck to have a table there considering all the people standing around waiting to be seated. Thankfully the wait was I my five minutes. We were escorted down stairs past the absolutely beautiful grand room. If you're a sex  the city fan, this is where Carrie had her rehearsal dinner. It's really breath taken, I would actually want a wedding at that grand table, with beautiful tall candles! We actually were seating just to the left of that room which is called the library room. There are "books" covering all the walls, it's very small, and very intimate. Our waiter was amazing, suggesting drinks, especially Haze martini, which was delicious! And I downed four! They ran out of Hennessy which my husband wanted, wasn't a big deal to neither of us. Must make this very clear!!!!! Everything is made to order, and comes out when it's done. Everything is meant to be SHARED. So if you order two different entrees, only one might come first. This was explained to use, and we were completely fine with it. For appetizers we ordered the ribs, rock shrimp, and general tso dumplings. All were amazing!!! I wish I would have skipped the shrimp, and ordered another order of the other two. Not that they weren't good, but honestly I've had rock shrimp many times before, and they basically all taste the same. The dumplings were a different taste, and the ribs were so soft  juicy!!!For entrees we ordered the lobster fried rice, I highly recommend it, very delish! I decided to get the black pepper beef, my husband the filet of beef. GET THE PEPPER BEEF, skip the filet! Which was flavorless! The pepper beef was so good we were taking the filet of beef and rubbing it in the sauce of the pepper beef. Dessert came out, which was so pretty, and had a candle. My husband was very surprised. We both loved the dessert!!! The ice cream tasted like a delicious cup of coffee!!!Upon leaving the front room was PACKED! Unwalkable! So when making reservations please suggest that you don't want to be in there.
I almost gave Buddakan 4 stars. But, I've eaten here so many times and it has always been a perfect experience! So, I went ahead and gave it 5 stars, knowing that there must be some room for improvement... I just can't find out where though! I appreciate the way this restaurant is very discreetly placed inside an unassuming building. I think that where this restaurant is located used to be a cookie factory -and I don't think they've changed the façade at all. Most people passing by, would never know that behind this simple brick building, houses one of Manhattan's most palatial and famous restaurants. Immediately as you walk inside is the reception area for your check in. The lounge is just a little past here, for you to enjoy a beverage, as you wait for your table. I've never had to wait long for my reservation. Now, to get into the dining rooms one must descend an impressive staircase that looks down onto Buddakan's sumptuous main dining room -designed by Christian Liaigre. The ceiling in this opulent dining room seems as high as Mount Everest's summit -with gargantuan chandeliers that are suspended over a long banquet table in the center of this swanky room . And even though I've exaggerated a bit on the height of the ceiling, nonetheless, it's quite an impressive, high ceilinged, lavish dining room. Buddakan has other dining rooms that are beautifully decorated with hanging tapestries. These dining rooms have private tables available -unlike the banquet table, which is a shared table. The food is always so delicious and the pacing of the meal is perfect. The waitstaff here is very professional and they are superb in their line of work. I especially enjoy dim sum and Buddakan is well known for their delicate edamame dumplings. This dumpling's wrapping is so refined, that you can actually see through it -to the edamame filling inside. The shallot-watercress broth is a perfect complement to this dish. The carrot dumplings are also delicious. I like the chili rock shrimp, the tuna tartare spring rolls, the crispy cauliflower lollipops are fun and yummy, the oxtail dumplings are incredibly flavorful, as are the jade shrimp dumplings, the king crab and lobster shu, General Tso's dumplings are good for a chicken appetizer. Also, I really enjoy the pork buns or it's also called pork belly bao. Even though I can easily be satisfied on the appetizers here -because it's like a tasting menu, for a main course I like the filet if beef with crispy wontons and a mustard sauce. For dessert the crying chocolate is another famous item on Buddakan's menu. People like to dress with a flair, when they dine here. This adds to the beauty of the restaurant. Enjoy!
We visited to celebrate our anniversary. We had to wait for a few minutes despite having a reservation. However, we were seated at the bar and given a menu. Their large dining room is gorgeous. The atmosphere is beautiful and unique.  I had one of the most amazing cocktails. I have ever had. It was light fresh and delicious. I am not a huge fan of Asian cuisine, but I enjoyed my meal. However, I likely would not go back. If you like Asian fusion it will likely be a 5 star experience for you.
I very rarely visit the same restaurant twice, but It was monday and I needed a "hip" restaurant to visit for a special occasion. An amazing experience once again! This time I was with one other person. We show up to the bar area and mentioned that it's the eve of my wife's birthday. Immediately he served up some "special mixes" not on the menu and we were escorted to our table in one of the most beautiful dining rooms in Manhattan. We ordered the lobster egg rolls(an absolute must), the monk fish, bbq eel fried rice and the cracked chilly chicken. Everything was excellent (from the point of view that this place serves up high end American style chinese food). For dessert we got the bread pudding. The best bread pudding I ever had! My wife engulfed it even though she absolutely hates sweets. Great spot. You will see some tourists here. You'll also find your fair share of suits and suits disguised in their casual clothing.
I know people love this place, but I just didn't.  It was just okay.  I feel kind of bad about that, too, only because my daughter was so excited to bring me here.  Honestly, I think fusion restaurants and I are doomed to failure.  I think they try to blend cultures, foods and ideas..... but somewhere in all that, they forget about flavor, and they forget about quality.  They get stuck in the idea of it all, but they can't pull it off.  Such is the way of Buddakan.I don't care that its beginnings rose from all things Sex and the City.  I don't care that it's popular and trendy.  What I care about is good food and this good food having an abundance of flavor and the ingredients to go with them.  That didn't happen here at Buddakan.  While the appetizers were decent and left me feeling like we were on our way to having a wonderful meal, therein ended that journey.  The lobster fried rice came out first after the appetizers and was dry, bland, lacking any recognizable lobster, and the entire dish lacked flavor.  Unacceptable to me.Moving on to the lobster and shrimp chow fun, same issues........ where was the lobster meat...... or shrimp?  One or two pieces of each does not make the dish.  Sorry folks....... and with no flavor to boot.  I guess my husband liked the short ribs, but I don't eat those, so I don't know.My FAVORITE part, however, and I say this with sarcasm, was when the duck noodles, which was essentially duck soup that my daughter ordered was 25-35 minutes late to the table, and the rest of us had already long since finished our meals.  I understand that not all dishes would or should come out on time, but this was absurd.  It wasn't even that good of a dish to wait for....again, missing on the flavor.  I was angry, and nobody warned us of the extra wait time, either.I wasn't super impressed with the waitress, either.  She wasn't warm or friendly.... yes, doing a minimalist job, but she wasn't trying to connect with us or be all that helpful.  Whatever.  This was just not your "notch-above" New York restaurant.  Popular, YES.  Trendy, YES....... but great food, NO WAY.
Greeting- like a hotel check in areaVibe- Place to beBathrooms- PassPrices- HighService- goodNoise level- loudParking- Good luck. Lot best betFoodRibs are very goodGeneral Tso dumplings are tastyFried rock shrimp is good but deep fried Desserts are delicious. Pistachio chocolate crumbs, passion fruit meringue (OK) chocolate cake very goodWIGB? Yes
My favorite restaurant in New York City. The food and the service are always absolutely incredible. Can't wait to go back!
Came here one evening for dinner and it was a great experience. I recommend making a reservation because it does seem to get very busy. The decor is very dark and romantic, the entire restaurant is gorgeous! Different paintings, statues and wall decor everywhere. We made a 7:30pm reservation on a Saturday night and only had to wait maybe 5-10 mins for our table. Our server, Danni, was so sweet! She made sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed at all times!For appetizers we had the shrimp dumplings and they were great! I generally don't like to over do it with apps because then I get too full for the entree! The dumplings were delicious and actually had a good amount of shrimp in them. Entree wise, we tried the Mongolian lamb chops and lobster fried rice to share. The entree didn't take very long to come out which was surprising based on how busy it was. The lamb chops were amazing. Great flavor and cooked to perfection. The lobster fried rice was also very very good, and it was packed with lobster. I feel like some restaurants skimp on the seafood but not Buddakan! Overall, this was a great restaurant, wonderful service and the food was delicious. I will be returning because there are so many more dishes I want to try!
This is by far our favorite restaurant to go to. You must make reservations early enough in the week to get a good time they fill up quickly. The lobster fried rice is our favorite thing to order on the menu. They always do something special if you let them know in advance if it's a bday or anniversary. The wait staff is adorable and so attentive and the management comes up to every table. One of the best places in NYC!
Exceptional service ! The decor is beyond amazing !! Pricey thou so bring a decently stacked wallet !! I'll recommend for special occasions like birthdays or dating anniversaries.. Food and drinks are very well made and tasty so no negatives on my end !
I would come again just for the service and the architecture of the restaurant. The restaurant is beautiful, the service is amazing. The Edamame dumplings and the tuna tartare spring rolls are a must have! The Peking duck was okay but a very popular item amongst visitors.
I have dined at Buddakan for various friends' birthday celebrations in New York and the experience has been absolutely amazing all around - from the service, food, interior, and atmosphere. Buddakan definitely impressed and had the "WOW" factor that keeps you thinking about the dining experience for days. Be prepared for a very dimly lit chic restaurant with a vast and impressive interior that is truly unique!  The decor and overall ambiance was just stunningThe service is always first class. Every waiter I've had was fantastic - really friendly and patiently helped us navigate the menu and the most popular items.The food .. ..top quality! Definitely some of the best food I've had in New York - perfect balance of flavors with plating in a unique presentation. The menu is geared towards more family style ordering with dimsum, appetizers, etc and it was a fun way to sample different types of dishes. Every dish was flavorful - heaven in your mouth! Favorites include * Edamame dumplings - the creamy texture and taste was so unique and delicious never had anything quite like it* Peking Duck Salad - amazing! Not your typical salad* Charred Filet of Beef - melts in your mouth* Hot  Sour Scallops - perfectly cooked and scallops were larger than the typical size* Dan Dan Noodles - perfectly spiced and flavorfulThe desserts too were to die for. We shared*Crying Chocolate Dessert - malted chocolate cake topped with Vietnamese coffee ice cream - HEAVEN!* Almond Bread pudding - AMAZING!The food was spectacular and the restaurant is perfect for large groups or a more intimate date night. Loved, loved, loved! This was by far one of the best dining experiences I've had, and I would highly recommend for anyone looking for a special evening in the city.
PLEASE NOTE: The following review is based on a singular experience.Dinner for 2, total check was over 2 bills after tip (yes we had a few drinks.) I do love this place in general, but if I'm slapping down that kind of cheddar, I expect certain things. Let me just say that the service was absolutely top notch! Food, awesome! DO NOT MISS the tuna tartar spring rolls, they are tiny but packed with so much flavor. Main problem was, like I said it was dinner for 2, but we were squeezed tightly between 2 other tables whereas we had to slide our table over in order for my gf to get in/out. Nice romantic dinner for 2 is what we expected.... mmmm, not so much. It was like sitting at a communal table, but with even more restriction of movement. Then there's the restroom situation which was kind of disappointing. 2 one-shot-deal restrooms and a long wait. In any event, probably won't be back because the price point/value ratio is just way too high. For last year's bday dinner we went to Ninja and we had an absolute blast, food was awesome and the sake sampler kicked our asses. Now that was a damn good time well worth considerably less $$!
I expect a lot more for the cost. I expect the hostesses to know they have a full and empty room to seat people who walk in off the street.I have been eating Chinese food for longer than the wait staff and being told how to order felt condescending .    i was impressed that she could get to my water with out me knowing it.. but that's what i'm paying for.  (and that they change the forks and knives. that is also expected at that price point) So food.. it was OK..  places in CA are just as good..  I wasn't impressed with the chicken and grits..  and completely annoyed that while we were still eating (the person i was with had his mouth full of food and probably wanted that 1/2 of cup of grits  the staff ask me if i was done.. i was but if a person is STILL EATING  you should keep the dishes on the table.. (especially if there is still some food in the dish)  seriously? who does that?? I actually told him no don't take the first dish..  sure they want us to leave but seriously who wants to really sit  next to a crying baby..    yall could wait 8 more min and we would be out of your hair..   the tahini ice cream in Chelsea market was good...
The restaurant is very nice inside with a lot of staff but the service wasn't that great.  No one came over to refill our drinks or to see if everything was good.  I had the egg rolls and the sticky crab rice.  The sticky crab rice was pretty good, the flavor was all there.  The egg roll was bitter, jack and the box egg roll taste way better.  The only dessert that was good was the flan, one of the best flan I had.
We just wanted to give a shoutout to the general manager of the library room - Michael! He really saved the night and made a big birthday celebration extremely special. From complimentary champagne, to a round a free appetizers, lowering the music so my parents could hear, to constantly checking in and showing attention. Also our server, Aryn(or Erin) was fabulous. The food was overall fantastic and was able to accommodate some special dietary restrictions. The reason we didn't give a 5 star is because we almost didn't stay after being greeted by the initial hostess. She was extremely rude and unaccommodating and just had an ATTITUDE! We hear she was not the usual hostess, and we recommend the place brings back the regular one soon. Thanks again Michael!
Food is good but not traditionally presented. Service at the bar and at the table was excellent. Drinks were so so. We did level 3 tasting menu, couple bottles of champagne and except for the long wait between apps and entrees service could not have been better.It does not matter how good wait staff is or dinner is if your front of house is a clique of emaciated fools. Coat check was a mess of ineptitude and attitude. The blonde-ish one throws your coats at you and moves on... we were missing items. Wait for eye contact, wait for something as she moves on to the next departing guests... same issue some of their stuff is missing. The man before us comes back his gloves are missing. The 4 or 5 people there stop everything both guests leaving and coming are stuck... for a pair of gloves. I say excuse me and I get that bitchy little finger as in wait your turn... yes my turn passed idiot and if you bothered to notice people you are helping you would know that.Someone else bothers to check on us and finally retrieves our packages while others in my party continue to wait... and wait... and wait.
I've been here twice now and the restaurant's decor and ambience is exceptional - but the light way too dim for me. The food is mostly good. Which dictates the price for sure! The 'clarity' cocktail was very good but had to dilute it with some sparkling water since it was too sweet for my taste. The dim sum sampler is a great choice and they made substitutions for the ribs too! But the "chicken chili" was more sweet than spicy. I am not a big fan of when spicy things are made overly sweet to compensate for the spice :( The service was a bit too eager in my opinion becoming a bit of an annoyance and interference in a meal conversation!
Don't remember this place in sex in the city. Although I am not a fan of this place's decor, I am digging some of their dishes. The black pepper beef, veggie rice and edamame dumplings are so good. Wait staff was awesome as well.
We were in town for my daughter's graduation and my wife did some research on restaurants that would be worthy of a celebratory dinner. This was a fantastic choice. First, the restaurant is located immediately adjacent to the newer chelsea market- behind a pretty nondescript door on the sidewalk, with one small sign- no flash, nothing to broadly announce its presence. The decor is intimate, with low light, and the space inside is massive. We had a table toward the back, and as we walked to it we could see down into the lower dining area- very dramatic. The menu is impressive and it was, honestly, a little difficult to pick as so many things sounded amazing. We started out with the edamame pancake with pork, general tso's dumplings, and the short ribs. All were excellent. The pancake was a surprise to me- it didn't sound good, but it was excellent. The dumplings were good and a little spicy which I like. The ribs, however, were the stars of the appetizer round- intensely flavorful, perfectly cooked, delicious.For our main courses, we each picked one. Decided on the beef, the scallops, and the broken chili chicken. All were good, but if we were to return we would all get the beef- it is probably the best piece of beef I have ever eaten- perfectly cooked, buttery texture- AMAZING. The chicken and scallops were good as well, but they pale in the presence of the beef. We accompanied these with the lo mein and stir fry vegetables- both were very good but not standouts. We ate it all and had no room for dessert, but the menu did look interesting. It's about as pricey of a meal as we have ever had, and for a special occasion well worth it. We would definitely return.
I traveled to NY with a group of women, several of which were pregnant. One got hit with "morning" sickness before we even had a chance to order and everyone was SO accommodating. They brought water for me to give her in the bathroom, had a bunch of stomach calming food to nibble on at the table before we'd even opened menus, and continued to check in to see if she needed anything. It was really above and beyond.The ambiance is stunning, a really neat restaurant. The food was impeccable. Really Really REALLY good. Our waitress was really thorough explaining the ordering process and walked us through everything on the menu. The food arrived really fast, almost rushed, but that worked for us. I loved that we could order per piece on some items and we ordered seconds of the tuna tartar egg rolls and the yellowtail sashimi, SO good.It was also really inexpensive IMO. I think our bill came to around $60 per person including tip and a drink per person (virgin for the preggers!).
One of my fav restaurants EVER! The food quality  taste is outstanding and everyone I brought with me here is always speechless when leaving. It is not exactly the place if you want to spend your evening at a quest place and talk, the music is usually quite loud. I could not recommend this place enough, cannot wait to be back :)
I thought the food was good but not as incredible as many of these posts suggest. But the atmosphere and the smokey drink I had was great. I would definitely go back, but I wouldn't spend that much on the food.
The food was absolutely amazing.  We had a selection of the dim sum and then the beef dish and whole fish for main course. Some of the best food I've ever eaten! The restaurant décor and ambience is just gorgeous also. We had a really great night! Just on the slightly negative side our waitress whilst really lovely  friendly, could have been more attentive. And on the really negative side the bathrooms were quite disgusting. There are 2 uni-sex stalls for the whole floor upstairs and I can honestly say I've experienced better facilities at music festivals.
To make a long story short: Per Se prices, PF Changs food, and Panda Express service.  A tremendously embarrassing experience in front of guests, who expected to be treated to a nice restaurant.Our night here was an absolute disaster from start to finish.  I made a reservation for dinner for five, which I called to confirm 30 minutes before our reservation.  The problems started when we arrived to find that they had no record of our reservation, despite confirming that reservation a mere 30 minutes prior.  I got nothing but attitude from the host, who seemed to blame me for their failure to find our reservation.  However, the manager did come over to try to smooth things over and managed to find us a table after about a 30 minute wait.  They squeezed the five of us on a four-top in a side room with a crying baby, but that really wasn't their fault; I appreciate that they were able to make something work. Unfortunately, the service during dinner was so atrocious that I really wished that we had just found a different restaurant when they lost our reservation.  Our table decided to order five or six appetizers and a few side orders to share, then each order a separate entree.  Typically, Buddakan serves their entrees as shared plates, but it didn't seem too crazy of a request.  It seemed to completely stump our waiter, though, who instead instructed the food runners to dump the entrees in the center of the table without pausing for a second to tell us what each dish was.  As a result, it took us a while to realize that half of the dishes were wrong (i.e., not what we ordered).  We never saw our waiter again, so we couldn't have complained even if we wanted to.  Because our table was too small, we didn't have enough space for all of the plates.  The restaurant's solution to this was to take away plates that were only half finished.  On the positive side, the food came very quickly.  We had our appetizers within ten minutes of ordering.  I'm assuming that is because the appetizers are premade and given a simple dunk in the deep fryer before being brought out. We ordered a few bottles of wine, having to track someone down between each bottle to order a new one.  The bottles were opened then left on the table for us to pour ourselves.  I wasn't expecting the appearance of a sommelier at a place like that, but if you're going to serve pricey bottles of wine, at least learn how to serve them. The food wasn't terrible, but it wasn't particularly impressive.  It was nearly impossible to enjoy the food though, because the service was so abysmal that the entire experience felt cheap and third-rate.  There are so many wonderful restaurants in New York that it is a shame to waste your time at a place like this.  For that price, you can have a truly fantastic experience at a less amateurish restaurant.  It was absolutely humiliating to leave our European guests with the impression that Buddakan is representative of nice New York restaurants.  I will certainly never be back, and have made a point to warn my friends who entertain clients frequently of the type of experience they can expect here.
wow!!! what a great and fun place!!! cannot believe how much we ate for the great price!!!we shared the food (5 of us) and got more pork and rice  the shrimp were huge and delicious. i wish there was a place like this in Vegas
Absolutely amazing time gorgeous place food was to die for. Recommend the short ribs. Waiter was top notch not once did mine or my dates glass of wine go empty.
Just came home from Buddakhan, figured I'd write this review while it's still fresh in my mind.  I made a res for 7:30pm, got there around 7:15.  We were greeted by many different hosts and there was complimentary coat check.  The hostess that led us to the table was very nice.Buddakhan is huge!  There were many dining rooms including a huge area downstairs.  There was a private party going on so we could not utilize the downstairs but I definitely recommend requesting to sit in the downstairs because it's beautiful!Our waiter was exceptional, very articulate and attentive to all our needs.  My BF tried the following:  Smoke Cocktail - not badAlaskan Cod - I loved the texture of the fish.  One of the best that I've ever had.  Perfectly cooked and glazed.Sea Bass - The presentation was amazing.  It came out fairly quickly to our surprise but it was great. Green Beans - Sauteed wih dried scallopsEggplant  Tofu - not bad but I wouldn't order again.Overall experience, GREAT DATE SPOT!  Would definitely come back.
Have been here a few times and I must say it kind of feels like what you're paying for is the trendiness of the place because nothing stands out to me as THAT amazing, but they do have some pretty good dishes. The chili rock shrimp is great and not spicy at all and the tuna tartare spring rolls are AMAZING. I did not particularly like the king crab and lobster Shumai - I found it didn't have much flavor at all. There is no cheap drink here except water.In general I don't particularly like places that are really dark and really loud and Buddakan is the extreme of both, hence one less star. Also factoring into that is what I find to be somewhat awkward seating arrangements depending on where you sit - I once was seated right by the entrance at a giant square table where you could not hear or see anyone but the person directly to the side of you which was unfortunate and kind of defeats the purpose of bigger square/round tables compared to long ones. However in general it's a fun environment and while it was very loud I did find the music to be enjoyable!
It was an amazing experience.  I was there with a party of 8 because it was my bf's friend birthday. The food is very tasty and full of flavor,but a bit over priced. Portions were small,but some of the really big. Appetizers are good to share. Service was good and the atmosphere is very unique, the main dining room reminded me of Harry Potter. Overall, I enjoyed very much
Located right next door to Chelsea Market, but eating dinner here is worth it. It definitely is pricey but there's a good reason. Buddakan's ambiance is so trendy that the moment you walk through the door you'll get a good feeling. The service is so accommodating as each part of the staff constantly checks in from time to time to make sure that your experience is great. Food is basically Chinese food in its fanciest form. Portions were big enough to share amongst a party of four but make sure to order a lot of different things from each part of the menu.. Also dessert is a must.Not a single complaint!
Amazing food! I have been to many restaurants all over the world. Buddakan is on the top of that list. The atmosphere, service and food are perfect. Our server Krystal gave us so many good suggestions and walked us thru a meal that can never be forgotten. The manager Brandon checked in on us as well and made sure we had an unforgettable experience. If you are in NYC and want a top quality dinner then Buddakan is the place you need to go to.
Very Good restaurant. I had my birthday here and it was an awesome experience. They have the best Peking duck.
Buddkhan Dec. 26, 2015Was so great I came back for my birthday one year later (two years in a row) and I live right across town #whymesswithsuccessScallion pancake with short rib has a whole host of flavors that continue to explode in your mouth. Shumai with shrimp and lobster not a deal breaker but still had a great taste. Egg roll with shrimp and lobster nice flavor too. Drink with prosecco and blackberry got me wasted although it was small. Dim sum tasting menu:Tuna tartare spring rolls OMG. I could have lived on this alone.  Do not add even add soy sauce as it is not necessary Shrimp toast granulated shrimp with tails and breaded with sesame have with mustard too good. I don't usually like tails but this was awesome. Maybe I could live on just this?Spare ribs the meat came off the bone in an easy way had a salty yet sweat taste with sesame added. Vegetable dumpling I thought would be a sleeper but it had the best taste ever!Spring rolls were salted just right.  Crispy but not oily.  Was glad I had them last. This time just went with one entree-repeated the sausage fried rice with the egg on it. My husband dropped some on the table and I was very tempted to eat it off the table lol WHY do I have to be civilized? So I added the mustard sauce instead. PB mousse had a salty taste with orange jello cubes. PB mousse has chocolate inside. Chocolate pistachio cremoso had cherries in it and was sweeter and richer than the PB mousse. Birthday ice cream was miso with a salted caramel flavor
I was excited to finally go to Buddakhan. I was celebrating a huge deal in my life. Wasn't happy with the setup of the place. I like to people watch. I was put by the service area door, huge draft , people coming and going from back. No one puts Fox in a corner. The food was just okay. One standout was a tuna tartare spring roll. Very pricey, weird crowd. Also, so many children there for a Saturday night. Not a fan of kids when I'm spending $300 for a meal. The Fox won't be returning. Sorry .
Obsessed with this restaurant. I've celebrated many happy times here and it has always been a great dining experience.  The ambiance, the drinks, the food, the service..all excellent!  Definitely one of my faves in NYC
Really loved the vibe of this restaurant. And it's huge!! We were seated in this cozy library like room. It was supposed to be quieter in there but the large party next to us sort of ruined it with their cursing and yelling. Despite that, enjoyed the overall ambiance and the food. Must must must order the oxtail dumplings. Amazing!
Worst service EVER! I had a reservation and yet they stilll made me wait for over 2 hrs. Only reason i came was because my friends from out of town kept insisting to come. Such a tourist trap and completely overrated!
So so worth it. Even though it's expensive I would definitely go back.We had a 9:30pm reservation on a Sunday (make sure to get a reservation otherwise you'll be waiting a while). We got there a bit early so were seated by the bar area where we could order cocktails and appetizers. The rock shrimp was just fantastic. You can actually sit at those tables and have an entire meal if you don't have a reservation. It's nice that you can eat while you wait for your table. You pay separately for whatever you eat in the bar area.Once seated, we ordered pork dumplings in the chili soy broth (awesome!), broken chili chicken, vegetable rice and Singapore chili crab. The crab was just okay. Chicken and rice were delicious.Do not leave without getting dessert! The crying chocolate and almond bread pudding were almost too good to be true. When I go back I would probably just go for drinks, appetizer and dessert.
Returned after my initial failed visit from a month ago and can now firmly recommend this place to others in good conscience. The ambiance is incredible with a sunken dining room and beautiful Renaissance-esque art on the walls, and the table settings deftly mix modern furnishings with old-world long, tapered candles. It's a great place for coworkers/friends, but I did see a few families with young-ish kids.Food is upscale Chinese with an Americanized twist. My friends and I split the following:Mushroom Chow Fun (very oily and heavy so the smaller portion is perfect)Oxtail Dumplings (incredible and the oxtail tastes almost like short ribs)Jade Shrimp dumplingsCrispy Cauliflower Lollipops (trying to un-stick these from their setting was a chore but I guess you can test out how much your friends like you based on whether they help you in this endeavour - but GET THESE, these are heavy and cheesy and crispy and just goodness all around)Chili Rock Shrimp (there's a nice kick of sriracha to it)Dessert was wonderful, as well. Do order the crying chocolate which is deservedly popular.The staff is so nice and smiley, and our server Carrie was so cute and bubbly that it put us in a good mood - she always had a smile on her face even when we turned her away four times due to our inability to make decisions. Come here to impress a date as the music isn't too loud (though I'm not a personal fan of trance background music but it's easily ignorable) or for a fun night out with friends!
First of all,Buddakan is atleast a 4.5 star restaurant. The food is out of this WORLD. The only reason they get 3 stars is because i had Satan for a waiter. This minion of darknessmessed up my birthday dinner with his rudeness and lack of humility. My knife was dirty and my wifes glass was dirty before that (it happens.DISHWASHERS,what are you gonna do?). BUT satan (who's real name begins with A and ends with O, rhymes with Shmantonio) never apologized for it. Satan also never explained the menu to me but he did to EVERYBODY ELSE around my table. When i asked why he didnt give us the shpeel the demon said to me "you asked me " and i said "i shouldnt have to ask you,nobody else asked you,i feel left out. *sad face*" Satan said to me "you shouldnt feel left out. We're all here together" *fake smile* and he replaced his fake smile with the face of DISGUST before he even turned away from me. EVIL EVIL EVIL. His demeanour was just nasty.Now onto the food. Everything was perfect. We had the dragon fried rice,oxtail dumplings,tuna tartare rolls and the rock shrimp. Perfect. Everything as far as the food was perfect. I couldnt take a photo of everything because i was busy savoring the flavors. Buddakan itself and the other staff were EXCELLENT.I will be back and totally NOT in Satans section. Such a nasty soul. I pray he finds happiness but i had to tell the truth until then.NAMASTE,yall
Buddakan is just the place to go if you're wanting a softly lit, mysteriously charming restaurant for food and drinks.  The scene is very trendy with stylish dressed people having convo's while still being able to notice the hip background music.  It is definitely a great spot for a group outing or a cool date night.  It's a popular restaurant, so I highly recommend making a reservation.My friend and I started the night off with drinks.  I was impressed with the 'wine by the glass' list.  It was short and to the point, but the options were good and fairly priced.For my entrée, I ordered the Shrimp and Lobster Chow Fun, which consisted of flavorsome jumby shrimp, large pieces of lobster, vegetables, savory noodles, and a delightful sauce.  This dish was definitely one to please.Our waitress was ok, but she didn't seem too friendly.  However, it wasn't bad service.Overall, I like this place and I am sure I'll return.
This place has not stopped surprising me at all!! From the first time, the quality found in service, food and atmosphere just keeps getting better. First time, it was my birthday celebration. It was a group of 6 people and we all enjoyed our dishes, of course, at the time we did not know it was kind of family size, where most of the dishes are shareable. We learned the hard way, which ironically was not unpleasant at all! We had leftovers to spare.Then, I have been there with a date, former co-workers reunion and friend(s).My recent visit once again was delightful!! From the appetizers (go for the edamame dumplings, jade shrimp dumplings and pork buns, and you will remember me ha ha), sides and main courses (snow peas, green beans, pecking duck fried rice, charred filet of beef, roast chicken congee) that go well paired with drinks! (really enjoyed Royal and Fate), to dessert! (every time I can, I try to get dessert) Last time I tried the chocolate coconut ganabe and OMG! I was on cloud nine! lolPrices are affordable, and you will definitely get what you pay for. Do make a reservation, and make sure the entire party is there when you are checking in, otherwise you will not get seated.
I LOVE Buddakan, if I could go twice a month I would. Wouldnt want to get tired of the food by going everyday. My signature meal is the chinese sausage fried rice, walnut shrimp, extra walnuts and the cauliflower lollipos. My GOD, the food is freaking amazing!! My favorite place in the world.
No, no, no. It's not worth visiting.  It had its glory days long ago, now it only clings onto its dilapidated fame. It's overpriced, pretentious, the food is mediocre, the drinks are virgin, and even the interior design is not as sumptuous; unless you're sitting in the main dining room, you'll feel like you're in a dungeon.I warn you: do not go. I know, you will go anyway, just like I did. And then you'll agree with me. If you're up for ditching the lame luxury and trying a no bullshit place in the trendy Asian fusion domain, there are far better choices in NYC (design and atmosphere included): Macao (Tribeca) Red Farm (UWS), Jade Eatery and Lounge (Forest Hills), even Spice Market is better.
This is totally a place for a group of girls or guys! not for a romantic dateor to have an intimate convowent here with 10 people had a blastLots of different seating, and so beautiful to look atIt was pricey but we are in Manhattan and its for a fun night outThe bar is very swanky. food is typical Chinese food served very small and fancy. all good and fresh
Love coming here. The edamame dumplings, the tuna tartar spring rolls and the cod are the best items on the menu. The downstairs table is where Carrie Bradshaw had her rehearsal dinner in sex and the city. Also, the decor here is beautiful!!
Probably my top 3 favorite restaurants in NyCEverything is on point food is great vibe is aliveMust try if in the city
Great food and ambience! Would definitely come back! Especially loved the ox-tail dumplings!  Great to share with friends and also a date night place!
Have a good experience all a delicious foods and nice waitress to helping and kindness.love it
The food and the ambience were great. However, the servers were extremely rude. They were breathing down our neck, eager to remove any dishes that were not finished, drinks not drunken. She even stood by as I was writing down her tip, which was very awkward. They also took a picture of us which came out completely blurry. They just left us felt judged and uncomfortable the whole night.
Came here on a Wednesday evening...made reservations prior to arriving. So my date and I waited about maybe 25-30 mins, good food. I got the lobster rice ...pretty good. My date ordered the rice that has Sausage in it (I'mNo fan of sausages lol ) he liked it though..nice place, upscale...and worth it.
Great ambiance, amazing look, the service was excellent, the food delicious. Highly recommend
The food is amazing and even thought we were waiting for a considerable amount of time to get service the waiter was very attentive an professional. A little miscoordination by not bringing the main course of everyone at the same time but the food was amazing, really good. I loved the design of the restaurant. The inside atmosphere is very harmonic and romantic. I must come back to this place.
This place was by far the best meal I had on our trip to NYC - perhaps one of the best meals of my life!We came in right at open and didn't look the greatest after getting caught in the rain on our way from the subway - I felt a little underdressed in such an elegant place.  The hostess was awesome however and made us feel totally welcome - we really appreciated it!The atmosphere is really unique - very sexy as one reviewer mentioned but had a bit of a nightclub feel to it.  It would be a perfect place to take that special someone on a date.Our server was excellent and helped us navigate the menu as first-timers.  The General Tso's dumplings were excellent and we really enjoyed the glazed cod.My only complaint would be to tell customers that there's a charge for water before you bring to the table and pour - I was surprised to find the $8 charge on the bill.Overall, we had great service and delicious food - very memorable and we'll be back next time we're in town!
I love Asian infused restaurants and decor. When picking a place for my birthday Buddakan was perfect.  ProsAmbience ServiceAttention to detail Extreme mindful to my allergies by the waiterFood was incredible DecorMenus prices all over the board to allow not have to be a budget breaking mealConBathroom wait upstairs and down stairs Dishes we had:Edamame Dumplings Pork Belly Buns Fire Rock ShrimpShort RibLobster Saffron RiceCrying Chocolate Cake
Went to here with four of my coworkers for a work dinner. We ordered for entrées to split five dim sum two side dishes and wine. The ginger lobster was outstanding the flavor was packed with buttery goodness and left nothing to be desired. The chicken was a bit bland but probably shouldn't buy chicken at an Asian restaurant. The dim sum that we ordered it was fantastic, the Edemame dim sum was the favorite among the table. The ambience of this place was amazing. The decorations and lighting was a 10. Plus the fact that they filmed the sex and the city movie also made it quite memorable.My only complaint is that towards the end of the meal when we were clearly done with our meal the waitress seem to either forget about our table or just was too busy, we had to find somebody else that works there and wave them down to get our check. Needless to say the food was fantastic the service was okay and we will come back.
Very nice place. It's in the heart of all the action. The restaurant itself was very nice. Dim lit. Great place for dinner. The decor was pretty rad. The service was good too. The food was very taste and also cute for pictures. The carrots dumplings were so cute but very very sweet. The mushroom chow fun was really tasty. I also got the char broccoli and it was absolutely disgusting. Worst thing I've ever tasted in my life. Want to vomit just thinking about it. But everything was fun. Coffee ice cream was amazing!!
We came here because Yelp told us it was vegetarian friendly. It's not! Most of the dishes contained oyster sauce or something of that matter. They only had one vegetarian dish and it was this eggplant entrée with tofu. It tasted really good but it just seemed like finger food since we couldn't order anything else. Despite this, we stayed there to have drinks and really enjoyed the ambiance. I wouldn't come back for the food but definitely for drinks.
I love this place. Been here on several date nights with my husband. The food is always delicious and the restaurant is beautiful and modern. The menu options are wonderful and I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys Asian Fusion cuisine. And if you love lobster, I encourage you to try the Lobster Fried Rice. It's my favorite!
Where do I start, I've eaten a lot of food and this was the best meal I've ever had, the other 3 members of my party agreed! We tried so many different things!! Dim sum to start: Lobster egg rolls, Cantonese spring rolls, short rib pancake, cheesy cauliflower lollipops - all delicious but in particular the short rib pancake was the favoriteMains: I had monkfish in a Szechuan sauce which was  parents both had beef short rib - this was my absolute fave, husband had fillet steak (voted it 2nd best in his life after one he had on our honeymoon) Sides: peking duck fried rice, vegetable/coconut rice with pineapple - omg this was absolutely divine  and chilled udon noodles - these are probably a polarising dish, I liked them others didn'tThen some kind of chocolate explosion for dessert The server recommended we ordered an appetizer/dim sum dish per person, an entree per person and then 2-3 sides between 4 people - this seemed logical but turned out to be too much for us, we took a full short rib entree and 3/4 portion of rice home with us. The atmosphere is amazing, the building incredible dimly lit, make sure to ask to be seated in the main hall. Our only complaint was that the AC was too cold, we had goosebumps - will definitely be going back and bringing a sweater next time!
I have now been to Buddakan several times and have never been disappointed. It is my teenage son's favorite place to go for special occasions and we always order the same things: Salmon tartar spring rolls, short rib scallion pancakes, pork belly bao buns, Peking duck, lobster fried rice, and mixed Asian greens plus dessert. the main dining room is our preference even if we have to sit at the communal table - it is truly a grand room. The only part that is not great is when the check arrives....
I came with quite a large party for my friend's 21st birthday. What was interesting to observe was that it just felt as if hands mysteriously appeared from time to time to serve the food. All appetizers were brought out at once, then all the entrees, then all the desserts + cake. There was no personal waiter interaction, but this was good. Water would be refilled when you needed it, without having to say anything to a waiter. Food came out in a timely manner so no complaints there either. Everyone at our table was too engrossed in our own conversations that other customers blended out, that it didn't feel as if the waiters were present, but food just kept coming and only their hands were present. Pretty unreal.
Food was okay but wildly overpriced.  It is located in the gay area of Chelsea (I am gay, too), and just read to-day that their general manager Brandon Wergeles fires HIV-positive employes.  So, I won't be back due to this civil rights issues and the only fair fare.
Besides the initial dirty dishes with the appetizers, the food was good. We ordered a combination of dishes to share...the oxtail appetizers, black pepper steak, monk fish, black dragon chicken, noodles n prawns, lobster rice, and braised short ribs.  A lot of food and good times. Drinks are a bit watered down and packed with ice.  But hey...it wasn't bad!
The ambiance is priceless. One can't describe the beauty of the decor you must see it yourself. Unfortunately I arrived late as I had to drive slow with the birthday girl custom cake.  I wasn't there when the dinner party decided on family style $70.00 each which came to a whooping $106 each. I don't like that I didn't have a choice given my shellfish allergy and I had weight loss surgery. I wasn't allowed to order a dish. The food is delicious. Now, when we wanted to cut the cake it was an additional $50.00 now family style included dessert so why charge additional fees. You would charge us for not eating your desserts that we paid for. We decided to cut the cake at the next venue.
Very nice venue, one of the most elegant and interesting I've visited in NYC. Food were delicious, I had oxtail dumplings which was flavorful; sizzling short rib with mushroom chow fun which was my favorite because the rib was very well cooked and melts in your mouth and mushroom chow fun was flavorful, and duck salad which was good too. Tip: make sure you request for the dinning room where it's the most nice area to dine.
We came to NYC for my brother-in-law's birthday and this was our one big dinner for him. If you are willing to spend a lot on dinner and you love Asian food, you won't be disappointed.I recommend wearing something nice. I was in khakis and a button up with no tie and I felt just a little under dressed. This is a nice place. When you first walk into the dark entrance you'll see the host stand with a coat check just behind it. Then there's a lounge area with a fully stocked bar for pre-dinner drinks while you wait(and there will be a wait)! Like I said ... This is a nice place. The service was great... almost too great. The hostess was leading us to our table in a very proper, almost robotic fashion. At one point she slowed down at a doorway to her left and looked like she was going to turn for not more than a half a second and then realized she needed to keep going strait. She turned to me, did a quick half-bow gesture and said "My apologies." without making eye contact. I still think she may have been a robot. If she was, in fact, a robot then kudos to Buddakan for a very life-like hostess robot!They do a family style dining. This was new to all four of us but if I understand it correctly, this is how it goes:AppetizerOrder one per two peopleRiceOrder one per two peopleMain dishOrder one per each personDessertOne per two peopleEven though each person orders a main dish, everyone shares it. They will put an empty plate in front of each person and then they present the first person's main dish. Once everyone shares that dish and it's finished, they'll present the second dish and so on.I mention this because we didn't fully understand this and ended up getting two of the same main dish.The food was pretty spectacular! One of our dishes was the filet and it was perfectly cooked and had that melt-in-your-mouth quality that all good filets have. The black dragon chicken was very flavorful and very juicy.If you have a special occasion and don't mind throwing down a couple hundred dollars (our total bill for 4 people was in the $300 range) then you should definitely try this!
Just a great place, great food, great music, great services, great experience, nothing bad to say all was so good, if you visit NY go here!!!!! Just make sure to make reservation enough time ahead.
Love this place! What a great experience... The interior is so nice and exotic and the food is AMAZING! It's on the expensive side but is totally worth it
Love this place. The staff was very helpful! I needed that help because I was proposing to my girlfriend that night and had to do it right. The ambience is amazing. Given that I am a vegetarian, I did not have any issues at all with the staff being able to make adjustments for me to get me something amazing to eat.
The service is exceptional and the atmosphere equally so.  A good dining environment to meet up with friends.  The table was spacious and that was important to host all the dishes we ordered.The reasons for the low score are due to the saltiness of the food.  Almost everything we ordered was heavily salted.  Additionally, the prices of the dishes are excessive, even for NY standards.  Del Posto is equally nice, in fact more elegant, and a much better value.  Fabulous service and atmosphere simply cannot compensate for salty food and grossly overpriced food.The oxtail dumplings are a must order though.  Pass on the charred beef ($36) and scallion pancakes (dry and overpriced at $15)!  The cauliflower sounded promising but it too was coated in salt.  Maybe chef was having an off day.  Our first visit and likely our last.
Yum!  Here celebrating my 50th birthday with friends. Tasting menu is delish!!!!!!! Great atmosphere and staff. Thanks for a great night!
I went to Buddakan for my first time this past weekend with a group of 6 other people. I was extremely impressed by the size and decor of the restaurant. We arrived around 6:30 and did not leave till a little after 9 pm. Our server was great, but as we were finishing dinner, the lounge turned over to more of a night club feel. It got really crowded, a DJ started playing and then service got really slow. The food was great! Our group tried a lot of different dishes and everything was plated beautifully and tasted great.
absolutely spectacular dining experience.   our waiter brought our group a tasting menu with dumplings, rolls, rice, salad, fish chicken, shrimp.  Each course was better than the next.  dessert was spectacular, with the best banana bread pudding I have ever had.  I highly recommend the edamame dumplings, cold lime sorbet noodles, asian green stirfry, black pepper beef.The staff was attentive and explained each course.  we ate in the library room in the cellar.  it was loud but not too loud.  my only minor critique was that the chicken dish was a little dry.  other than that i wouldn't change a thing.
Food was delicious, cocktails unique and mixed well, atmosphere booming, service excellent. Couldn't get over the cocktails and dj, so we returned the next night just for drinks at the bar!
For years I dismissed the notion that the best food can only be found on the east coast, being an LA girl after all. But that changed in a hurry after dining at Buddakan. Umami makes me Happy, and this place is all about that!The presentation is whimsical and inspiring. The service is terrific. And the food is like nothing I've had before. Altogether it was a very fulfilling food experience.
Food, service and drinks were excellent. We were even provided with an extra complimentary dessert after our meal. When I didn't know which cocktail to order, the waiter had a special one made for me based on my taste/liquor preferences, and when it came out being a little too sweet for my liking, immediately brought it back and made me a new one. In addition, my friend and I wanted to try out the edamame dumplings but ended up not enjoying the texture. The waiter gladly provided us with another type of dumpling for no extra charge. Overall, I had a very pleasant experience here and will definitely be coming back! The food is absolutely delicious. I recommend the sea bass, chicken and ginger dumplings, and the ginger cake for dessert.
Half stars are needed because Buddakan is a 4.5 star restaurant. Fabulous small plates that allow for having a variety of great food. This place is very trendy and the atmosphere and overall experience is great. The wait staff at the front of the restaurant was truly inviting. You need to plan ahead so always make a reservation. We tried the signature cocktails - tranquility and smoke with the smoke being slightly below average. That and the very dark lighting is the only reason for the half star deduction. The food was great and the location can not be beat being so close to the Chelsea market.Was a great time and I recommend others give Buddakan a try.
Totally over hyped restaurant for no reason. The restaurant itself has a wow factor. It's huge, beautifully decorated, and dark lit. When you step in it feels like you are in another world. The check in area has huge michaelango type  paintings draping from floor to ceiling. The music is hip and all the curtains are draped for a sexy feel. However, with all that being said the food sucks. It's over priced, small portions, and not flavorful. I have been to hole in the wall Chinese restaurants with much better food. The menu has a small selection of items too choose from. I ordered the spring rolls, general Tso dumplings, and roc shrimp.  We asked to substitute a noodle dish for chicken instead of pork for religious reasons and they were not accommodating whatsoever.  They had nothing to rave about and for the price I was expecting much more. After the appetizers we were so underwhelmed we decided to just end our order and head to another restaurant. The only positive part of my experience was the beautiful decor and the appetizers came very quick.
AMAZING. I don't know where to start...I came here last night with a party of 8 for my friend's birthday. Few of the girls were running late to the reservation but the staff was still very friendly and sat us as soon as everyone arrived. The decor is beautiful and more importantly the food was phenomenal. We ordered a variety of things but our favorites were the charred beef (med-rare), lobster fried rice, and minced pork lo mein. Between drinks and picking at each other's foods, we were too stuffed to try dessert but it won't be long before I come back!
Lovely space, ambience, service and food. Definitely get General Tso's Dumplings and the Mongolian Lamb Chops. I wouldn't bother getting the Jade Shrimp Dumplings again, they're fine just not exciting.
Pros: (+) Beautiful decor and classy and romantic environment(+) Service is top notch(+) Everything was delicious(+) Cons: (-) Cellphone connection while in there is very spotty(-) No WiFi to compensate for spotty cellphone connection, especially where there for business~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I was there for an event hosted by Google and YouTube and we had an incredible experience. The food was delicious....not one complaint. I loved the edamame dumplings...very unique. The waiters were on point, constantly clearing our table, refilling our glasses of water and our wine glasses without even having to ask. I loved how they kept refilling our wine glasses like water. Even if I took a few sips of wine and happened to look away, when I looked back, it was filled. Happiness! The atmosphere was divine. The mood was romantic, dark, with a subtle glow of light coming from the beautiful chandeliers. A perfect place to take someone on a romantic date. Dress to impress. Majority of the guests that I saw dining there was dressed nicely (dresses, ties, button ups). Although there was a couple here and there wearing jeans, it looked a bit undressed for this type of restaurant. My only complaint was since I was there for a business dinner with Google and YouTube and we constantly had to reference the internet, cell phone service was a bit spotty and there was no WiFi to compensate for the lack of cellphone connection. But i didn't dock that in my initial star rating because that may not be an issue for everyone. I do look forward to coming back here again. Hopefully, very soon.
Their food is amazing:Crab fried ricespicy cauliflowerTuna spring rolledamame dumplings chicken dumplingsall so flavorful! and they have great atmosphere! So much better than Tao!
The place is really fabulous, perfect for a date night. The ambience and food was great, though little pricey but worth for every penny. Went for the anniversary dinner and my wife loved the arrangement. Must visit if you are looking for a candlelight dinner with good food.
My 3 friends and I had an amazing meal and experience here for my friends 22nd birthday!! We sat in the most beautiful room at the restaurant which had large chandeliers and a view of the winding staircases. Our waiter Jonah was extremely helpful and went above and beyond to help us choose the best dishes. The rock shrimp, pepper steak and lobster fried rice were our favorites. Highly recommend this restaurant and will be back for the food and Jonah.
What an experience! This is a feast for the senses! Hard to believe when you walk off the busy NY street that such beauty is right there!  Feels a bit cold and intimidating at first, until the attentive service warms you and makes you feel comfortable. Chaz, our tour guide/server was fantastic and gave very good suggestions. The sampler platter was perfect, thank goodness they include the spare ribs! Those are special. We had the Mongolian lamb chops, the monk fish and a forgettable chicken dish. (Do not waste your time on the chicken). The lamb blew my mind. So well done!! The monk fish-- was beautifully prepared, although the chili spice was so strong, it really got in the way of the nice fish. My tongue felt sunburned after a few bites-- coming from a Texas girl-- used to a little spice!  My request to Buddakan-- please change the type size on your menu. Between the dark(lovely, I think) lighting and the wispy font style on your menu-- it is a challenge for those of us on the back half of our 40s to make it all out. Please-- would take the guess work out of the experience for a few of us-- even some of the hubbies felt uneasy, not being able to recognize the prices! Is it monocle time for us!??Don't miss this amazing place. Go have a ball!! Get the Haze Martini!! You won't regret it.......maybe until morning!
I feel guilty giving this place 1 star so I went with 2.  The decor is great and the establishment is somewhat of a NYC icon but I think its time has gone by.  I came for dinner with a friend Tuesday evening.  Dinner for 2 with drinks came to $220 and at that price point I expect excellent service, food, and experience.  This place didn't come close.  I arrived at 7:10 for a 7:00 reservation we were asked to wait at the bar while they got our table ready. This was totally fine.  We ordered drinks and were seated about 5 minutes later.For appetizer we ordered the Dim Sum for 2 at $36.00.  The Tuna Spring rolls were very good, the other items were just okay. The ribs that came with it were tender however they did not arrive hot, just barely warmed.For entrées we had the Short Rib and Kung Pow Monk Fish.  Both items were good but I felt they came out too fast.  Felt like I was being rushed through my meal.  At this point cocktails were left empty for a while and I couldn't get the waitress for water.  As a side we ordered the Lobster Fried Rice for $23.00 the rice was cold and dried out.  There were little crumbs of rubbery overcooked lobster meat mixed in.  This side was terrible.  Looked like yellow rice from a packet and some lobster.  It was not at all special or worth the price.  Again water was left empty.  At this point we chose to skip dessert and get out of there.  Other people still enjoy this place but I don't think I will be returning.  The friend of mine that I went with loves Tao which is just around the corner.  I suggested Buddakan for something a bit different with the same theme.  I was embarrassed.
I had heard such great things about Buddakan and was thrilled to go in a group of 4 this weekend for a special occasion.  Two of us arrived before the others, so we were asked to wait in the lounge area, which is a swanky dark room with some small tables, where we waited and looked over the menus.  We met the rest of our group there, and once it was 10 minutes past our reservation, we checked to make sure they would seat us.  They brought us downstairs to our table in a beautifully decorated room with a long center table.The evening ran smoothly.  The waiter helped us put together a set of dishes and dim sum that we could all share because we like to try different things.  All of the food was excellent.  Both meat and vegetable dishes had tons of flavor!  We also split a bottle of Pinot Noir that went well with all of our dishes.  Even the dessert was fantastic.  Reviews recommended the crying chocolate, but our waiter said he preferred the other chocolate dish since it was more rich.  It was delicious!  I highly recommend this place for a special occasion.  It is expensive but the food is excellent quality with great service.
Simply put...Buddakan is a gorgeous restaurant to dine in. The architect is unique and attractive. This place is def. pleasant for small and large groups alike. Their main dining room located downstairs reminded me of Hogwart's Castle's dining room haha. They offer group menus at staggered prices which includes appetizers, entrees, and desserts. Higher the price, better the food selection. However, entrees in the a la carte menu is served family style and the wait staff will place the dish in the middle of the table (quite odd to me). Menu was hard to view due to lack of lighting. Almost everyone had to take their cell phone out for light illumination.I ordered the lobster fried rice and dungeness crab sticky rice. Food was seriously bland. Prices were extremely overpriced. It was quite heart breaking. A local chinese take out place would of comforted the stomach and heart and WALLET much muchhhh better...I believe you're paying for the ambiance and atmosphere. Unfortunately, I will not venture here again. Again, the views of this place is truly awesome!
We checked out this restaurant whiling visiting NY. The ambiance was definitely good. Love the table in the middle with high ceiling and nice chandeliers. The service was okay. Waitress wasn't friendly but she wasn't rude either. We ordered several dishes and the spicy tuna tartar spring roll and crab and lobster shumai were very good. We ordered mushroom chow fun and was very disappointed with the display and the taste. Too salty! Nothing special. I wouldn't go to this restaurant again but its nice to check it out once for their ambiance.
The first time I went there , Maria sharapova was there. She towered over me and I'm 5'11. I knew seeing her that this was a good place. It's expensive but it's really enormous and has beutiful architecture. We were seated right away without a wait. We had a table for a party of 7, and the table was pretty big for us. I ordered the monkfish and was really glad I did. It melted in my mouth. I know I'm definitely going back there again.
Yum!First things first, when you make your reservation, ask to be seated downstairs in the main dining area and emphasize "main dining area" elsewise, you might be taken to one of the secluded little hallway-like areas around the perimeter of the gorgeous main dining area.The main dining area looks like Hogwarts with giant chandeliers and a long main dining table decorated with giant bird candle holders covered in dripping wax. If you're seated at the main dining table, you might have to sit next to strangers but hey, just make some new friends.For our meal, my friend and I decided to share a few dishes. We started with the short rib and scallion pancake appetizer. The scallion pancake was crisp and awesome and the short rib was fall-apart tender. We also shared the spicy rock shrimp, which was fried and amazing and the spicy sauce sealed the deal, especially because I tasted a few cilantro leaves speckled throughout.For our main, we shared the Chinese sausage fried rice and the lobster chow fun. The fried rice was super flavorful and I loved mixing in the poached egg, which had a perfectly runny yolk. The chow fun was full of seafood - giant chunks of lobster and humongous shrimp - and the noodles were chewy and flavorful. I have to say that the food was a little salty for my taste (though my salt tolerance is rather low) so next time, I might ask for the chefs to hold back a little on the salt. I seriously chugged a gallon of water when I got home and woke up the next morning with a little salt-bloat.The cocktail menu is quite creative and I enjoyed something that had watermelon and basil; it was super fresh.The staff are really kind and cooperative (especially when it came to us asking to be moved to the main dining area) and even checked our coats for us after we had been seated.
Just love that place.spent a birthday dinner with friends there, the staff very accommodating and friendly.Food is just amazing. Recommend Edamame dumplings, Short Rib and Scallion Pancake, Chilled udon noodles and the Sizzling short rib from the dinner menu
Came in on a Friday night for an anniversary. Terrible service from start to finish. I requested a nice table and instead got a table in between two parties. In top of that, I had to wait despite the fact that we made an reservation. The music was too loud we couldn't even have a conversation. Our server never came to check on us and it took 30 mins for our second entree to come out after the first entree. It took another 10 mins to get our check and left over wrapped up. This place is definitely overrated. Anniversary date ruined. Never coming back.
This place is amazing! We started off with The Fate cocktail at the bar. Our hostess greeted us and took us to our table. Beautiful ambiance and trendy/hip decor in this massive place!For dinner we started with edamame dumplings (killer). For the entree we had short rib on top of chow fun and Peking duck fried rice! The flavor infusion tickled our tastebuds! This was more than plenty of food to share between a couple!May have to make this my new birthday spot!!
Panda Express with a really nice decor. I actually like Panda Express so no knock there. Paying over a 100 per guest not so much.
It has definitely been a long time coming for me to come to Buddakan.The ambiance of this place is absolutely beautiful and very posh. I love walking in and seeing all kinds of people with their unique and individual styles. You will see European tourists sitting along born and raised New Yorkers. The setting of Buddakan is very romantic and sexy. The music they play is amazing and fits very well within their trendy theme. We went without a reservation and were lucky enough to get a table. At first they said they didn't have room, then decided all of a sudden that they actually did have one more table. We ended up sitting in the corner kind of close to the entrance (which kind of sucks because I always wanted to sit downstairs where all the action is). But that's what you get without having a reservation!We ordered their tuna tar tar wrapped in filo dough- it was very very good but tiny and nothing out of this world. I will try another appetizer next time. As for dinner, I ordered this amazing fish that was fried with a side of this amazing relish. I tried to look at their online menu for the actual name but couldn't find it. It was truly a work of art (see my image that I posted of the dish). It was absolutely delicious. It looked huge and could feed two people but honestly it's the perfect amount of food for anyone that is really hungry! My friend ordered their salt and pepper black bass- wow wow wow was that good! The fish was so so moist and delectable! The plating wasn't as extravagant and huge as mine but it was still very beautiful. Their drinks were also amazing. I had the Solid. It was bourbon with cardamom and clove infusions. It was very very good. You can never go wrong with bourbon!All in all, great experience. Can't wait to get dressed up to the nines and go back and make a night of it!!
My great friend took me on 7/22/16 as an early birthday outing for me. I had seen reviews and seen pictures of the amazing decor and when she mentioned buddakan i gladly accepted!- It is close to Tao, DreamDowntown, Bodega Negra  Whole foods. Also 2 blocks away from the F train. ( very convenient for non drivers like myself). - The decor: Beautiful! As soon as you walk in theres a beautiful mural behind the hosts.Once seated, we had a very upbeat waitress who was accommodating as well as happy to be here! (Love people like that)The food  drinks: My friend and I ordered the Royale and Clarity. Both were very light and refreshing. The Clarity came with a little flower of some sort (not sure what it was). The Royale came with a blackberry.We started off the evening with some Dim Sum! General Tso Dumplings. Lets just say I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED THAT I ATE THEM ALL. It was delicious and as soon as you cut the dumpling in the middle, all the juices poured out. My friend and I are 160 and 135 pounds and I feel like we ordered ALOT. The food was ABUNDANT for just us two.We ordered the black pepper steak; wok tossed rib eye, crispy bird's nest. The meat was scrumptious and it came with an edible rice nest which I didn't really eat. We got the spiced Eggplant and Tofu and the VEGETABLE fried rice were good too. I didnt like the curry foam they had there  my bengali friend did not either.We also ordered the salt and pepper bass. DO NOT GET CONFUSED. Its not an entire fish. It s their rendition of fish n chips. Personally did not think it was worth almost $40. At the end the waitress surprised me with birthday icecream (Salted Caramel and crumbled wafers) and a candle for my birthday. WHAT A DELIGHT!!!Overall, the experience was great. I am not in a rush to go back. However, for a first time experience. It was GREAT! Our bill ran $184 which is a little steep. I guess my biggest complaint were the prices. But it was hand in hand with the excellent service, the beautiful decor and the great food.
Came here for a date and I was in shock when I went through the doors. Very impressed! According to their website....dress code is downtown chick, fun, hip. In other words, dress to impress, especially if your going to this location in NYC. Venue: huge! You can definitely have a large group for dinner or come just for drinks 1) Salt and pepper black bass:-Ginger and chili -I was surprised when it came out as a whole fish! -The best part of the dinner was taring this apart2) Charred filet of beef:-Wonton crisp 3) Deviled tuna tartare:-Chili mayonnaise scallionI love how the food is tasty and yes I admit, I would HATE to pay for overpriced Asian food, but the quality of the meat almost makes it ok. The meat is actually plumped and you don't get jipped with a low quality piece of meat you paid so much for. You do pay for the romantic atmosphere and good service. This is not something you would have every day like other Asian restaurants, but once in a while it is nice to splurge on a quality dinner.
Opulent, New York chic, trendy restaurant in Chelsea located next to other fun nightclubs and bars. Buddakan was a cool experience coupled with very tasty food. As mentioned, the atmosphere makes for a perfect night out. We ordered a good mix of dishes and were very impressed across the board. The lobster rolls were HUGE and filled with big pieces of lobsters. We ordered two dumpling samplers to begin along with pork buns and cauliflower lollipops, all were excellent. The blackened cod was out of this world, definitely a must order if you like seafood. The fish tasted like butter. We also ordered the steak, two veggie dishes and a fried rice. It was all incredible. We had four people and didn't feel like there was too much food because portions are not huge. They also had a great drink selection with creative cocktail choices and an extensive wine list.
Initially I was hesitant to come here I am a seafood person but was afraid it would be weird noodles and such but it was legit best food I have had . Everything was amazing . The decor was spectacular . The music was kind of loud I know I'm not a city girl so I am used to low key music it's hard to have a conversation with people you are with . We ordered for appetizer the rock shrimp which was great but I preferred it to be less on hot sauce and more mayo flavor but that's just me it's a little heavy but what do you expect it's fried food. We also had the tuna tare tare which I felt was super tiny it comes rolled up for you I would have preferred it to be open and I just use won ton to eat it but that's my preference . We also got the yellow tail which was pretty good out of all the appetizers .For entree we ordered the jumbo shrimp and the sea bass . Wow my sea bass was beyond delicious like amazing I didn't see anyone post a pic so I'll add that in. My husband got the shrimp which was great as well but also fried so you start to feel hoe heavy it feels it would have been nice to have it grilled or something . For dessert we had this pistachio mousse thing seriously died and went to heaven so good. You pretty much need reservations unless you plan on  sitting in bar area which was actually not bad we had reservations for a later time but came early and just decided to sit in bar lounge which has full menu and is pretty much same part of restaurant for upstairs perspective unless your a cry baby  like lady next to us who insisted on sitting downstairs .
Had dinner here the other night and this place was jammed packed. What a beautiful place! Our waitress was very attentive to our needs. We decided to order a bunch of dishes and share.  We started off with the following:Edamame dumplings - amazingCrispy cauliflower lollipops - goodShort rib  scallion pancakes - amazingwild mushroom chow fun- delishChiilled udon noodle - meh, like noodle hot Lobster fried rice - delishVegetable fried rice - goodSnow peas- goodSpiced eggplant  tofu - do not eat tofu but eggplant was good and spicy!Charred filet of beef - AMAZING, AND the sauce...  melt in your mouth delish!All of these were very good, we had 3 desserts as well, but do not recall what they were because I didn't even have a taste. I was stuffed. Over all a great evening, great company and great service, delish food!
Came in for a few drinks and appetizers at the front bar and was helped by Raquelle. She made our drinks perfectly! My favorite was their version of an Old Fashioned, I can't remember the name.We had the pork buns- delicious I would order again.Chillin rock shrimp-- it was good but I wouldn't come back for it.Scallion pancake- I would order again!
Love love love this place. The food was wonderful, service impeccable and ambiance was like being in an episode of Sex and the city. Asian -fusion ambrosia while world chill music played. Candle-lit throughout and drinks that would wake up the gods. Did I mention I love this place?! In the meat packing district by Chelsea market.
Was really dying to come here after hearing the hype from a bunch of friends and seeing the beautiful space in the Sex and the City movie (where Carrie had her rehearsal dinner). The giant long table is available to awe at in the center of the restaurant as you're guided to your table. The restaurant really is gorgeous, decadent, and makes you feel lavish while dining; however, the entire place is actually very dim and at times I really couldn't see what I was doing at all. I had made a reservation on open table about a week in advance. Make a reservation early if you're wanting one, but also the space is huge and really can fit a lot of people. We were about 30 min late to our reservation unfortunately by the time our entire party showed up, but they didn't make a comment at all. The menu is pretty extensive and works best to be shared by the table. We had a tough challenge for our waiter because one person in my party is vegetarian, one does not eat pork or shellfish, and the third wasn't eating red meat. I was the only one without dietary restrictions! So choosing our dishes got slightly challenging, but our waiter was there to help! There is a lot of seafood/shellfish on the menu, so I do want to come back again to try more of that. We ended up getting:-tuna tartare spring rolls (decent, comes with 3, didn't LOVE it for the $16 it was)-edamame dumplings (interesting, tasty but fell apart easily, the edamame filling is completely mushed up kind of like mashed potatoes but edamame)- duck fried rice (ONE OF MY FAVORITE DISHES, I love duck and this was a great dish with a healthier portion size and more moderate price tag $19) -mushroom chow fun (also very yummy and vegetarian!) -broken chili chicken (good, my friends liked it better than I did but tasty for sure)-black cod (my other favorite dish of the night!! Cooked very well, soft, apparently one of the most popular dishes on the menu) - eggplant and tofu (a more interesting vegetarian dish well-received by our table, we ordered a side of brown rice to go with it)-beware: cauliflower lollipops sound vegetarian but they actually have lard cooked in them so we had to skip out on it We also ordered cocktails that are very tasty but definitely pricey at $16 each. I got the Royal first but ended up liking the Clarity better. The Exhale is also interesting with wasabi in it. The Tranquility is probably one of the larger cocktails on the menu if you want more bang for your buck. Overall, food is good, service is good, ambience is great, and we left full - definitely a place to try at least once in the city! (Somewhat hefty price tag for Asian food though)
Whenever I visit New York, I must make a trip to Buddakan, even if just to sit at the bar and order some drinks/apps. This spot is located right next to Chelsea Market and I highly recommend reservations, especially on the weekends. Every time I've been, they check me in, ask me to wait in the bar area and order a drink. They have an extensive cocktail menu with several specialty drinks, so have fun with it. You really can't go wrong. Usually by the time we receive our cocktails, a hostess magically appears and takes our drinks to the table. They're strategic, I know.The space is large with two levels and several different rooms. If you can sit on the lower level in the center room, do it. If you've seen Sex and The City (the movie) where Carrie had her rehearsal dinner, this is the spot. It's quite the experience, although it does get a bit loud. I'm a creature of habit and tend to always order the same things when I come:1. Edamame Dumplings (you'll probably end up ordering another round of these because they're crack)2. Rock Shrimp3. Lobster Fried Rice4. Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls5. Miso Black CodI highly recommend Buddakan if you're visiting NYC for the first time, are hosting out-of-towners, want to drink delicious cocktails in an elaborate room or just need some high-end Asian cuisine. Do it. You won't regret it.
Since Buddakan opened in my neighborhood.I have been a regular and the food is amazing!Tonight it was a nightmare! I had a reservation for 9 pm! We got seated right away!Our server Kristen advised us: You need to order appetizer cocktails wine and main menu the same time! We were respectful and followed! Within in 15 minutes, we supposed to have Cocktails, Appetizers and the Main Course! I politely ask if we could have time in between Appetizers and main course: I did not even have a chance to finish my cocktail, the wine, and the appetizers and the main menu was already servedEvery time Kristen came she was smiling at our face as soon she turned around we saw her devil face. Get out here I want another table tonight1Sorry, I will not return anytime soon
Very good food, really yummy. This place is really palatial and interesting. The staff is very well trained very efficient and professional. Food is always consistent on good quality and presentation. My wife is always impressed with the food since she is vegetarian and not many places can accommodate her!
Here's the deal...came here with a large party of guest from out of town. Buddakan did not disappoint! The atmosphere was great with a dark wooden bar with an upstairs  downstairs seating areas, it can look like different restaurants all under the same roof.  Our server was great and walked us through all aspects of the menu.  The do offer 3 different types course menus (priced per person)  or you can order a' la carte.  FYI the food arrives as it's completed, so plates of the ordered items will arrive with no specific order, which was great because we all were sharing plates.  We ordered soooo much food (too much food) and nothing was a disappointment!! Edamame dumplings/ Crispy Cauliflower lollipops/ Wontons/Crispy Shrimp ALL OUTSTANDING.. Lobster egg roles were huge  delicious!!! Sausage fried rice with a cracked egg on top was AMAZING!!!  Veggie fried rice AMAZING! The king crab legs were delicious... Good spot to go with a group or get a small table for 2 in one of the side rooms...
What a gastronomic experience..!!!Great atmosphere and service, the restaurant had an special vibe, beautiful surroundings and decore... one of my best in NYCA must to try..!!
Maybe I'm biased because the space immediately appealed to me due to its high ceilings  sophisticated interior design but I was definitely floored upon entering this chic Asian Fusion eatery. And not to mention, I celebrated my unforgettable 28th birthday here. The server seemed like an actor in a funny play, so he was certainly entertaining and adept at memorizing orders. In other words, excellent service.I think aside from all this, I was very impressed by the food. My goodness! They offered everything from land and sea. Our crab fried rice was served in a crab shell! That was one of my favorite dishes next to the fish and the shrimp dumplings. I don't think you can go wrong with anything. As long as you don't have any dietary restrictions, I would encourage trying a little bit of everything. This place is great for large groups considering it is family style dining. In the end, I was surprised to have a birthday tart oozing with chocolatey goodness. Couldn't have asked for a better place to celebrate my birthday :)
This is a very high end, dressed up, and luxurious venue. The staff is highly trained and very friendly. The food was impeccable and the edmame dumplings stole the show. The oxtail dumplings would be a great runner up. For the entree, the lobster fried rice was okay. Their dessert seemed very elegant but I feel as if the pumpkin bread was a little lackluster. Overall my experience was enjoyable and I would recommend this restaurant for special occasions.
This place is beautiful...the decor is absolutely stunning. I came here for my cousins birthday. We decided to go with the taste testing menu and tried so much food. The food was all very tasty and we had the option of reordering the dish we liked. I came out of there feeling so full but happy
Worst service ever!!! First, the front of house was mean and did not help us find our table. We were meeting people and she told us the wrong reservation. She Was not helpful until I corrected her and told her the first name, which she never asked for. Then, our server was rude and disrespectful to our table. Tried to rush us out of the restaurant, instead of trying to help us enjoy our experience. She was very fake and I would recommend she take some kind of seminar on people skills. The rest of the staff was somewhat kind but mostly rude. Throwing dishes on our table, and trying to rush us out. I've worked in restaurants for years and I know customer service. THIS IS NOT IT!!!!  No one should go to this restaurant unless you want to be treated like nothing!!!
Yeah it was a decent place but not sure the food was worth the price... it plays off the whole sex and the city thing.. we went for dumplings  to share between 3 , 3 main fish dishes which was loads! And then. Donuts to share for dessert but I felt they were a little over cooked.. waiter also messed up our bill and charged one card twice...
Ate here last minute on a Sunday. To say I was impressed is an understatement and I'm a chef and own my own 5 star restaurant in Chicago. The Tuna Tartare egg roll picture just doesn't do justice to how great they are. Our server was amazing she made sure if we ordered anything and there was only 3 to an order to order an extra 2 for the table cause we were sharing everything. The place itself is so impressive when you walk in and head down the stairs to your table and you see that enormous table from the sex and the city scene your night stays at that level the whole evening. The food and drinks were incredible. It not inexpensive by no means but well worth every penny will be back for sure and will visit there other locations in other cities for sure
I had been to every buddakan location - Philly and Atlantic City - but this one and was super excited when my bf said we were making a trip up to NYC for my birthday weekend and that Buddakan would be on our list. So excited!When we got there our coats were checked and we were told to walk up 3 stairs to the bar area and a hostess would seat us. So we stood there a while feeling kind of dumb. Finally someone came up to us and asked our name. Nope wasn't who he was looking for. Darn it! So we waited some more. Seriously was ready to leave when someone got us and we were the right people. We were taken around the corner to the massive dinning room. The ceilings were tall. The chandeliers were beautiful. It was lite softly, romantically and was just beautiful. They had the usual very large table in the center of the restaurant. And then I began to look around for the Buddha that is always there. Alas, no buddha at buddakan in the location. We were sat by the stairs and each table had adorable little bird candle holders. Our server was amazing, attentive and spot on with her recommendations. I wish I remembered her name. She was phenomenal and present without being over bearing. She recommended the cocktail called exhale which was ok but not overly amazing the only thing that kinda missed the mark. We got the edamame ravioli  on her recommendation. Delicious. And spring rolls which were awkward to eat and not special. I was heart broken to see there was no wasabi encrusted filet on the menu. Seriously it's life changing and if you have the chance to have one at another location do so! I got the charred filet of beef which was good and tasty. I especially enjoyed the mustard sauce that came with. But would have preferred that wasabi filet. The bf got the short ribs which I thought was good and enjoyed a couple of his bites. For dessert again I was disappointed in no cinnamon sugar donuts. So feeling a bit let down we decided to call it a night. But the server knew it was my birthday and brought out homemade lemon sorbet which was the highlight of the meal to me. Perfectly tart and tasty. So one star deduction for waiting more then 10 min with a reservation. And one star dedication for not having my favorite items from other the other locations. But over all a decent time.
Best dinner ever! Satisfying and filling! I came here to celebrate my fathers birthday, the 6 of us ordered the tasting menu (#2 to be particular), I was going to chose 3 but the waiter told us it was an extraordinary amount of food so we went with 2 not cause I'm cheap...The entire meal (16 courses) was amazing from start to finish. I can't say anything bad at all. Everything tastes delicious from the umami loaded edamame dumplings to the crunchy spring rolls to the creamy shrimp to the moist beef to the perfectly paired desserts. I do not want to get into detail about each dish because you must try it for yourself. I can honestly speak for all 6 of us that we enjoyed the meal and can't wait to come back for more, perhaps try the tasting menu #3!
This is why they call NYC , the place to come. This food was out of control ! The duck was the best I have ever had. The service was a 10! They went above and beyond from the min we walked in the door. Shanna was our waitress and my glass was always full. And she was just so polite. Thank you for making our experience so enjoyable.
Had a really good time here. The venue is top notch. They have a waiting area with a bar and tables where you can order food which really helps b/c there can be long wait times for walk-ins. The drinks are on the expensive side but they are really good. The oxtail dumplings are a 10 the general tsos ehh not so much. I expected them to be better than your typical general tsos they were about the same. Entrees r really good too but when you consider you have to order a noodle or rice they seem a little overpriced.
We had a remarkable experience dining at Buddakan! The food was excellent and the service was exceptional...Joseph took excellent care of us and made our night totally worthwhile! He took the time to go over the menu and made sure we were alright every step of the way. Will be back soon.
This restaurant never fails to impress. Reasonably priced food and excellent quality. Try the edamame dumplings...Devine. Lobster fried rice is top notch as well. Lovely ambiance and nice bar.
It was probably one of the best (if not the best) meals I've had in my entire life.Everything we ordered looked beautiful, but tasted so good I didn't even get a chance to take a single picture:)I would definitely come back!
I have been here many times.  I really enjoy going after 9 when the music becomes very loud and funky.  The black cod and coconut rice are amazing dishes.  Go here to close the deal or celebrate.
My friend and I indulged at Buddakan for the first time tonight and it was amazing. Made a reservation right when they opened for dinner so we caught peace and quiet in one of the rooms downstairs. Rachel was our server and her energy was everything. We trusted her recommendations and appreciated her honesty as well. I made some dietary exceptions eating here just because it was Buddakan. Stopped eating lobster, shrimp, and crab but the king crab and lobster shumai were amazing as well as the alaskan black cod, paired with lobster fried rice if you're feeling fancy. Ambience and service is one to experience. I recommend it as an occasional date spot since the prices teeter on the higher end side. Plus it's a space to appreciate and admire so as not to overindulge.
Came here for my birthday and the food was delicious  they have free coat check and don't allow balloons inside but they can coat check your balloons for you too. Unfortunately we didn't get to sit in the main dining room, but the other seats were nice too. Nothing like the dining room though, of course. We ordered a bunch of stuff to try and the great thing I like is that you can change the amount of the apps to fit the size of your party. For the tuna spring rolls, we changed the quantity it came with to fit our party. I absolutely loved the tuna spring rolls like omg I need more. We ordered foie gras dumplings, their shrimp, Peking duck with bread (I forgot a lot of the names LOL), and they were all really good. For fried rice, we ordered the lobster, duck, and vegetable one but the duck was the best. I was expecting lobster to be my favorite but nope! It was the duck. The cocktails were good too and wasn't watered down. Everyone was happy with their drinks. I would so come here again for a celebration.It is on the pricy side and they do take card.
Every time I come to NYC I must have dinner here! The decor is simply breathtaking and unique. The service and food are one of a kind! You can safely order everything on the menu and will be pleased! The drinks are also Delish!
Beautiful atmosphere, friendly service , awesome food. Went once for a bachelorette party and did the tasting menu, so much food and soooo yummy. The other time went for my husbands birthday and it was also delicious but I recommend going with a bigger group if you're into trying a lot of new foods. Edamame dumplings, Peking duck salad, crab sticky rice,  and the filet with soy butter sauce are just some of the must try's !! Drinks are NYC prices, to be expected, but the specialty drinks were very tasty
Our server was Joseph the most amazing server....great energy and such great recommendations.  The selection of appetizers and entrees was beyond my highest expectations.  Joesph thank you so much for making this evening such a fabulous memory...
Probably the best meal I have ever had in my life. Wowwwww. The service is phenomenal. The restaurant is stunning. Every detail down to the music. Great, great atmosphere. And the food, the food I will dream about for weeks. There was a nice amount of space between tables. We were treated upon arrival and were able to mingle in a spacious wait area by the bar. We had the chicken dumplings. Red wine. The steak. Lobster fried rice. Rock shrimp and two desserts (chocolate and the almond bread pudding with whiskey ice cream). What an experience. Will definitely be back.
I went here with a couple of girlfriends to celebrate my sister bridal shower. It was beautiful, and the server was very knowable about the food and everything came in a timely matter. This place is pricy, so if you aren't trying to spend a lot of money, I wouldn't recommend. But if you don't mind spending a certain amount of money then this might be a perfect place for you. I had the sticky crab rice, which was good but a little dry. I didn't enjoy the service only because when they bought out the food, they just put all of our orders in the middle of the table. So it was a guessing game on who had which food.  I would return to the restaurant but on a date because it was hard to speak with everyone at the table because the place was loud.
The perfect dinner location. Service was phenomenal, everything we tried (which is shamelessly half the menu) was great and the atmosphere is perfect whether it's a girls night or date night. Must try the tuna tartare spring rolls - it's been a week and I'm STILL thinking about them
EVERYTHING we ordered was beyond amazing. This place is worth the hype. My favorites- the tuna tar tar spring rolls  the general tso's dumplings were delicious. The vegetable fried rice was out of this world!!! Not to mention the service was amazing. Ordered several rounds of the Royal drink, very tasty and strong. Will definitely be back.
I love the Food, The Service, The ambience and the fact I never have a hard time finding parking. One of my favorite places In the city to eat Asian Cuisine . The lobster fried rice and lobster rolls are the absolute best!
The edamame dumplings are a must-have. It is a beautiful and spacious restaurant and the staff is wonderful.
I had an amazing experience! I took my mother here for dinner and we were not disappointed. It's been on my list ever since seeing the restaurant featured in sex and the city.  For starter we had edema me dumplings and the dim sum sampler - dinner was lobster fried rice followed by a chocolate ganache cake. The food was amazing, and very filling for my mother and I. We left very full and very satisfied!
We had a great time! We were there to celebrate a birthday. Our server Joseph was great! He took the time to explain the menu and his recommendations which was a great choice. Wewill be back.
This place is a MUST! Definitely added to my repeat restaurant list for when I'm in New York City! The food was seriously a 10! Even with the fire alarm going off, the water in the building getting turned off causing  the bathrooms not to work, I'm still giving it 5 stars! That says a lot, just sayin!!AppetizersWe had 3 orders of spare ribs! The BEST we've ever had! Chili rock shrimp was spicy, light and delicious! Tuna tartar spring rolls were so different and had great flavor!Main dishesAlaskan black cod-WOW! Someone else on my party ordered this one and I really wasn't excited by the choice but I was SO wrong! The flavor was on point!Black pepper beef-so tender you'd think it was filet mignon! Sizzling Short ribs-so, so, so good!! The mushrooms were amazing and most of the girls in my group don't even normally like mushrooms. We never made it to dessert but there were SO many good options! We will DEFINITELY be back!Ps you should open up in Miami!!
Fantastic place, hard to find! The uberdriver dropped us off at the addess and we had to call the restaurant to ask where it is, just to find out we were standing outside! A small sign is all there by the entrance. Small is 40cm wide and 20cm high... Inside fabolus, yes expensive, like everything else that is good in New York, but soo much better and worth the money compared to f.x. The View. Very big maybe 300seats, but does not feel big. Awesome good food and quite fast served after we ordered.
Venue - Gorgeous, spacious restaurant.Food - I'm very picky about Chinese food and especially against overpriced food, but the food here is amazing and worth it.Service - On point.
Had my bday here, they made personal menus that had said Happy Bday Sarah. Love the food. Atmosphere is beautiful. (Enjoyed taking pix)The lobster fried rice is delicious must try!
I absolutely love this place! Right from the food to the ambiance, everything was great! I came here for my birthday and I was not disappointed. The cocktails were well made and the chilli rock shrimp was on point! I also got the minced pork lo mein which was amazing. Definitely recommend this place!
LOUSY - probably the best word to describe it. Had a reservation for 9:45, left at 10:40 (without getting the table). Busy lounge, horrible bartenders. A one hour waste of time...
Excellent all around! I recommend the pecking duck! It was delicious! The staff was friendly and they sat us down quickly. I do recommend a reservation, it gets busy and may be turn away.The decor is nice and the ambiance is lively
The ambience is great, service was poor, food was overall okay. Our group had vegetarians and omnivores. Our server, Justin was clearly in a hurry, not happy to be there and kept taking away our dishes before we finished :(For the vegetarians-there are three apps on the menu. We tried the carrot dumplings and cauliflower lollipop-both pretty tasty. For the main course-the udon noodles were flavorless, the eggplant tofu and coconut curry and rice were good. For the omnivores-there are a lot of choices-we had the shrimp and chicken spring rolls which were strictly ok, the chicken with chili sauce would have been better if the chicken had been marinated or cooked in the sauce. For desserts-crying chocolate was yummy and so was the mousse cake with rhubarb.Good restaurant but not worth the price!
This was my first time at Buddakan and I thought it was okay, not as fantastic as the other reviews stated. I would not recommend this place if you have a simple pallet and would like to eat normal satisfying chinese food. The ambience and service we received was fantastic. I loved the vibe the place gave off, it made us feel quite hip and fancy. Prepare for small portions and small drinks. I was starved from walking around NYC and I really was looking forward to a to-die for meal. I did not find this here. We tried the scallion pancakes, vegtable fried rice, pork noodles and edamame dumplings. The waitress told us the edamame dumplings were one of there best plates. They were god awful. Plain and tasted like play dough. I am an avid edamame lover, but these were not satisfying in any way. The scallion pancakes also didn't have any flavor. It tasted like a dog biscuit. The cocktails we ordered were delicious and our service was good. I only really enjoyed this place for the ambience and experience. The food was really not as good as previously described. I would deffinetly try other options on the menu next time.
Buddakan is glamorous yet low-key, which I love because it's such a good balance. You initially check-in at what is like a hotel lobby experience. Further in the area is the bar/lounge waiting room where there's plenty of space to sit, stand, or mingle around.  The main dining area is located downstairs with symmetrical stairs and giant chandeliers.  Onto the food.  Our party ordered many dishes and shared, which is what they recommend doing as well. However, the plates can be a bit small so if your party is big (4+), consider ordering multiples.  Most of the dishes were excellent and creative, but I enjoyed most the ambiance and feel of the restaurant.
I decided to go to Buddakan as a graduation dinner. Every bite of every dish was a party in my mouth. I had the Black Dragon Chicken ($28) with the Vegetable Fried Rice with Curry Foam ($13) and the Crying Chocolate($13) as dessert. The Crying Chocolate.. Oh my.. It was made straight from heaven. D E L I C I O U S! It has been one of the best dinners I have ever had. Expensive but it will be worth every penny. Fully recommended!
One of my favorite restaurants. Period. The ambiance is very nice. Its nice to go with friends or on a date. It caters to every occasion.  I can never visit this establishment without getting the lobster fried rice!!!! Looking forward to returning.
The food was great . And the decor is very nice . A little pricey but worth it . Def recommend this place.
Buddakan was one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had. My sister, my sister's boyfriend, my husband, and I selected this restaurant for our Valentine's Day dinner. We were impressed by the decor and quickness in getting us to our table. Once our waiter came to greet us, our experience went downhill. He didn't give us more than a minute to review the menu before pressuring us to make entree(!!) decisions. We weren't even asked about drinks or appetizers before being asked about entrees. In fact, I used the ladies room a minute or two after sitting down and the waiter asked my dining companions to order without me. Once I returned, the waiter came back to get our order. I told him we were only ready to order drinks. He told us about a drink special that sounded good and I asked him his opinion of that and another and cautioned him that I don't like sweet drinks. He then suggested I order the sweeter of the two drinks because I'm a woman. I told him again that I do not like sweet drinks and that I'd take the one he said was not sweet. Turns out it was extremely sweet and made with mostly juice! While ordering the drinks the servers brought out appetizers we never ordered. We had to send those back. And then our drinks came out, but one was wrong. Despite being pressured to order entrees again, our waiter kept disappearing when we tried to tell him about the drink. We finally got his attention and got the correct drink and were pressured again to order our meals. We had questions about the menu. It looked like a sharing menu and we wanted to know how many plates to order for four. Our waiter told us it was not a sharing menu and we should each order an individual appetizer and entree. This didn't seem right, since the appetizers were dim sum, so we chose to order 3 appetizers to share. When he came back for our entree orders he encouraged us to order individually, so we did. My sister was curious of the veggies and rice dishes and asked if they were sides or entrees and the waiter said "it was up to us." So we each ordered an entree and my sister ordered a rice lobster dish. When they came out we were shocked to see they were in giant serving dishes and given to us family style. The dishes were randomly placed in the center of the table with serving spoons and we were each given share plates. The protein dishes were large without any sides or veggies. They were simply large portions of protein. Too much protein for any one person to enjoy alone with nothing to accompany it. And the rice dish my sister ordered was very small and bland and, without a doubt, a side and not an entree. We were extremely disappointed. When we approached our waiter about it, he was defensive but reaffirmed we should each eat an entree separately, like his other tables. But when the managers spoke to us they said their restaurant is family style. To add insult to injury, my sister's rice plate was taken by the busboy without him asking if she was done. It was 3/4 full. The managers comped our appetizers and offered us more food or drink. They even took our information for future contact. However, approximately an hour after dinner, my sister's boyfriend became nauseous and ill. Thus making this dining experience one of the worst in my life. And I have a lot to compare it to. I give them two stars, not one, because the food tasted good. But it made my sister's boyfriend ill and was not much better than the dim sum I've had in San Francisco, so I cannot give them anymore stars.
Great food, but at a high price. The restaurant is beautiful, with a very large main dining area. It unfortunately gives the vibe of a Meatpacking-y restaurant, meaning bougie with everyone dressed up (is that necessary?).
Upscale trendy place with wild delicious flavours!!! You might even drive past it and not even know!!! You walk in and see a huge bar area.  This place is massive. Sit upstairs or in the open area downstairs. This is the best place I've come across with a creative blend of Asian fusion. Coconut rice and dumplings and the fish are great.
5 stars plus!! This is one of my absolute favorite places in NYC. Reservations at 9pm for 13 people and we were able to have cocktails upstairs before we were sat and did not feel rushed. You must dress to impress and the ambiance is amazing. No matter what you order you will not be disappointed ~ Definitely worth every penny.
I've been a few times and it's consistently great each time. The ambiance is truly amazing...for something that looks like a hole in the wall from the outside, you don't realize the massive, gorgeous space you're about to enter on the inside. The food and drinks are always good, you basically cannot order anything bad here. Drinks are really delicious too. Service is great. Great place to come for a special occasion.
2000 other reviews so I'll keep it short.Look sexyBe in sexy company make sure at least one of you has an even sexier bank account to pay for the meal.
I went here with a large group for a menu tasting. I've developed some weird food allergies to some very common foods over the years so I usually dread these kinds of events.  Trust me, I hate it, and  I especially hate being "that" person at a restaurant.  As it turns out, I had no reason to worry.  Everything was amazing and I absolutely cannot say enough about the service here. Our server was extraordinary and helped coordinate with the kitchen to make sure I didn't miss out on the experience or seem like an inconvenience.  I just rolled with what he brought out and ALL of it was just so good. Props to everyone (from the front of house to the back) for making it such an amazing night!
Wow wow wow - visiting New York from the California wine country where we have exceptional food and wine. This place is incredible. If you're in NYC this is a must. We started with the potstickers and the chili rock shrimp (amazing).Then on to the lobster fried rice  Asian greens. The sole and rib eye for entrees were to die for!Ambiance and drinks were exceptional as well.
What a nice place!The drinks were cold,  the food was delicious, the service was great, and the price was very fair.I highly recommend this restaurant for its atmosphere food and overall good time. Enjoy !!!
This restaurant is amazing, went there for the first time to Celebrate my engagement with my girls, lets begin with I never knew this place existed as Tao is just across the street, I never noticed Buddakan. From the outside its very dark.  Once I entered, the scenery and atmosphere was amazing. It was a unforgettable fancy dinner at a great price. The staff was very attentive and kind. The food was inexpensive considering we had 8 girls where we ordered tons of drinks, entrees and appetizer's. They also brought out a beautiful small desert lava cake with a message, saying "congratulations on your engagement with a candle.That gesture was greatly appreciated. Overall, I had a great time and a great experience. I would definitely come back and I would highly recommend Buddkan.
I've been going here for years and it's still one of my favorites in the city. Tried the monk fish this time and it wasn't my favorite but my friends went crazy over it. The cocktails are always good. And the short rib is still phenomenal. Bring anyone new in town to this place just to watch how big their eyes get from the moment they walk in.
We loved the foie gras and chicken dumplings, but despite ordering those dumplings, the edamame dumplings, the dim sum sampler, the peking duck, a chicken entree, and noodles, that was the only outstanding dish. Everything was good, but perhaps my expectations were set too high before coming. A great place for a nice dinner, especially because it's a large space and still feels intimate, but I can't say this tops any NY restaurant list of mine...except maybe if I only came for drinks and the chicken dumplings.
If i could give this olace 6 star, I would.Excellent atmosphere  ambiance.Tasteful food, with amazing ingredients.Fantastic service.Bartenders make drinks with love.
Dear Buddakan - Your ambiance and crispy tartar spring rolls were fantastic!! But you were lacking at...- sitting us down on time (half hour later even tho we made reservations for Fri night) - putting a little less salt in our scallion pancakes  mushroom noodles (We couldnt finish our dish bc it was that salty)- oh and taking forever to get a simple water refillI recommend on a weekday night but if you go on weekends, expect everything to be handled with less care. * I recommend Hakkasan which is similar to Buddakan but much better service and food even on a Friday :) *
Amazing ambiance, stunning decor, best black cod I've ever tasted, gorgeous coconut mousse, excellent service and can't wait to come back!
Setvice in restaurant impeccable. Bar service at tables non-existent. Go to bar and order a cocktail if you want a drink. Dumplings delicious. The charred steak was tender and flavorful. The Dungeness crab rice a must.   tables are too close and patrons getting in and out are going to bump the next table if you are along the wall downstairs . Noisy.
Not your traditional Asian dinner. A bit heavier, definitely tasty. Great alcohol selection, trendy scene. Definitely beautiful people.
I love this place. The Ambiance the decor the beautiful display the knowledge of all the waters of the detail that each and every plate is put into too. Amazing food. Hands down. Love it. Definitely going back. Little noisy but food makes up for it.
There is a server named Brian that will take your experience from "great" to "extraordinary", trust me.
Love love the ambience of this place ! Food is soooo good!  The duck rice is good and dragon chicken .. So much to chose from. Everyone enjoyed their food and had no complaints ...stick with regular water....a bottle of sparkling water is $10 otherwise all else was excellent !
This is a really good spot to go to just make sure you have a reservation. This is a very trendy restaurant so make sure you put on something fancy. This place is always busy and rightfully so the food is great and the drinks are very good.  I would recommend the ox tail dumplings, pork buns and I enjoyed the fried rice. I have the crab fried rice and it was good but I would've liked more crab. Either way come with a group of friends to be fancy and this place is so much fun. Each place that you sit in that location has a totally different feel which I love. The only way I could describe this place is sexy. I will say that this is Chinese fusion food. People looking for authentic Chinese cuisine are going to be disappointed coming here. This is an Asian fusion restaurant that serves a very good dishes and very pretty dishes. I don't know if I say this place is expensive I'd say that I liked a lot of things on the menu so I ordered a lot which made it expensive. I think that if you came here with a few friends had one appetizer and each had an entrée then it's more than fair price. The service was OK but I think it was due to a busy night so I will give them a pass this time.
It was my friends bachelorette party  and we sat at the Sex and the City table, had a lovely dinner, everything was amazing. I really enjoyed all the food and the drinks. Cant wait to come back!
The Black pepper beef and broken chicken are exceptional choices and for appetizer  the oxtail dumplings are quite tasty.
When I die....My last meal request would be anything off the menu at Buddakan! It's literally life changing. I took my husband there for his birthday and was surprised by the sexiness of the decor. The dim lighting and soft music made us cozy up real quick ;)I truly believe that this place is a gem. Pricey but work every cent!
Buddakan is awesome.  The service is exceptional.  The food was delicious.  The server recommended the edamame dumplings (these were my least favorite...I'll try another flavor next time), vegetable rice and steak.  They were all wonderful, flavors and portions were just right for two of us.  We also had the shrimp as an appetizer.  Finally, the peanut butter mousse ended the meal on a marvelous sweet note.  I highly recommend Buddakan to anyone looking for a great dining experience.Just know that it's pretty noisy/lively here, especially in the main dining area.  Not ideal for an intimate and quiet meal.
This a meat packing district gem. The aura in this place resembles a Vegas nightclub with an Asian twist. The food is a little pricey compared to portions but it's expected. Have yourself a Habiki Harmony followed by the family share a meal. If you go individually, Pork short ribs followed by the sea bass. You can't go wrong! Enjoy!
If you love salty food than visit this place. The food was good but I like my food with a hint of salt so I can actually taste the ingredients. Apps: lobster egg rolls, frozen, I've had better ones in Chinatown for $2. It's a basic shrimp roll with invisible pieces of lobster. Short rib scallion cake, fail, it tastes great separately but all together not so good. Minced meat on top of bread with hummus spread. Koreatown made me love scallion cakes and buddakan made me hate it. Entrées: lobster fried rice, bland but definitely balanced the salty green beans. Crab sticky rice is the best thing they serve. Chili chicken was good but not spicy at all. Dragon chicken was good, reminiscent of Peking duck. This place is not much better than Tao, at least they have the huge fortune cookie. I do appreciate that they do allow you to taste and will change it if you do not like the dish. But, I don't like to complain when someone is making my food outside of my vision. Basically, it should taste as described and just be good.
I love this place- staff is awesome - edamame dumplings and tuna tartar spring rolls are amazing- order 2 TTSR if it's more than 1 person. I also love the shrimp with walnuts, the cauliflower pork- just go here and bring an appetite. So yummy and gorgeous
Food was delicious. There are excellent food in the menu, but I did not love everything. Most memorable dishes would be the Sesame Shrimp and Edamame dumplings. Sesame dumplings were impeccable. It is as shrimp with some sort of batter mix that is deep fried in oil and has toasted sesame sprinkled on top. The taste was surprisingly light /oil-free and perfectly fried with a slight burnt aroma and fun crunch. The toasted sesame adds a more aggressive aroma and texture to the shrimp. The edamame dumplings might be a little inconsistent or there is something wrong with my taste buds. I loved it the first time I had it. it is smashed up edamame that is lightly seasoned with added truffle flavor. The second time, the flavor was off and the stuffing was a bit dry.I also liked the braised pork belly with steamed buns, black cod, and the eel fried rice. A not so great dish in my opinion would be the wonton noodle with duck. I am cantonese, and our culture like to describe the best egg noodles for wonton are the ones that "bounce off your teeth." The egg noodles here is soft and soggy. I would like the noodles to be a bit more firm.
Whoa!! Did I just step into a palace in the middle of New York? This place is truly spectacular!-- DECOR --This screams luxury and grandeur with every detail of the decor. As you walk into the dimly lit restaurant, you first see the bar area and some small tables for groups who want drinks or snacks. There is communal style seating with a few large, low wooden tables and other tables towards the edge of the room.As you continue through the restaurant, there is a stairway leading down to the majestic palace-like dining area. Since it's in the "basement" area, the dining experience is lit only by the candles on the table and hanging chandeliers, but trust me it's not as dungeony as it sounds. In the center is an extremely long and magnificent table used for seating large groups. Check out the pics - the table is beautiful! Towards the edges are other smaller tables for small groups or groups of 2. Its a very intimate, romantic setting.-- DRINKS  FOOD --Ohh the food here is fantastic - especially if you are willing to pay for the price. As the old adage goes, you get what you pay for and sure enough, this place is worth every penny ... of your incredibly large and fat wallet.I came here for a dinner (paid for by the powers that be at my company) so we ordered a bunch for the table. Here are some of my faves, although, everything was truly amazing.* Mongolian Lamb Chops* Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls* Whole Peking Duck* Shrimp and Lobster Chow FunThe drinks I had were fantastic - Haze and Benevolence. Pretty strong without the liquor after taste.
The phone reservationist Beverly has no phone etiquette.  For a high end place like this, you really have this girl who sounds like she works at a taco bell drive through pick up the phone. I hope she gets paid $5 an hour off the books.
Buddakan is one of my go to spots in Manhattan, whether it's for date night or a night out with the girls. From the service to the food to the decor, everything about this restaurant is spectacular. I went last night for New Years with my boyfriend and we had an incredible time. Shout out to our waitress Christina on holding it down on such a crazy night. Make sure to try the carrot dumplings and tuna tartar spring rolls. I will definitely be back again.
Ok, when I go to heaven I know there will be edamame dumplings Dom Buddakan there! My mouth fills with the loveliness of the purée and the broth only to chew on a perfect dumpling bite.The cauliflower lollipops are so good they could be a dessert with the warm cheese oozing out of them. Ahhh my tongue is in love!
Amazing place. It is an experience for sure. The ambience is truly unique. The food is delicious. Perfect location. Great drinks. Highly recommend it.
Edamame dumplings are EXCEPTIONAL as was wild mushroom chow fun.  As a veg, I couldn't really share with the rest of the table of carnivores.  The rest of my party was raving about the filet with mustard sauce and soy garlic butter.  The almond bread pudding was to die for!
Extremely unprofessional ... I was overcharged $54 for no reason (even though I signed a receipt of the original amount). Have been calling them and they keep "misplacing" my information, won't put me through to a manager. Didn't expect this kind of behavior from a fine dining restaurant such as this.
Finally a place with portions that was classy and provides large portions! Great for group outings as long as the group has no problem with spending a little for a delightful experience. The waiter was super energetic and with a party of 9 you can imagine the kind of attention you would need!! The lamb chops are my fave! I have been to the location in Philadelphia as well. I will say I will definitely recommend Buddakan if anyone asks for a recommendation. No matter the location the service  the food was amazing!
Classy restaurant located next to Chelsea Market. If you decide to go here, definitely dress up!! I felt extremely underdressed in my summer dress... next to the girl wearing a tight black dress, diamond necklace, and high heels. Nice lighting which creates a beautiful ambiance.My first piece of advice is to make a reservation well in advance. We tried to make one the day before for 2 people and the only available time was 11:30 pm. However, if you don't have one, just walk-in at an earlier time to get a seat in their lounge area (the full menu is also served in this area).  We went on a Friday evening at 8 pm and there was plenty of seating available at that hour in the lounge. BUT.. the seats filled up quickly as time passed. With regards to the menu, we started off with the General Tso chicken dumplings - they were amazing!! I would not recommend the chili rock shrimp - it was just too oily for me. The "spiced tofu and cashews" was a delicious (and healthy) option. Don't leave without eating dessert - their Almond Bread Pudding was one of the best desserts I have ever had!!
I need answers SWAY!Like...how am I just now eating at this place? It took a date night from bae (who is HORRIBLE with choosing places to eat) to get my ass over here and I feel like everyone's been keeping this place a secret from me.I didn't even get a chance to look at the reviews before entering this place but thank God I wasn't dressed down. This place is so upscale and classy you'll feel rich upon arrival. They have the tallest set of doors it feels like you're entering Heaven's gates. Let's not forget their cute "Jesus's last supper" table that they have on the lower level. It could possibly sit about 30-50 ppl. but let me not digress.My guy has been raving about this place and their lobster fried rice since I knew him and boy am I glad we came here. I called at 8:00 to make a reservation and was told the next available time was 11:30, that almost discouraged me. So between getting dressed, fleeking my makeup, and bullshitting I wasted enough time so I got there at 10:45 and was seated shortly after. Our waiter was so patient and sweet but it gets better. We ordered the king crab legs, peking duck, and lobster fried rice and the food literally came out in less than 10 minutes. I mean it came so quickly that I almost told the bus boy that the food wasn't ours. I was even being negative about it and told my guy that I bet it was nasty or cold. Fortunately, I was TOTALLY wrong. ALL the food was delicious. I was full about halfway through but you know me...if it's that good I just can't give up on eating it. So with that said, we finished everything :-).I think imma get bae to take me here at least twice a month cause I'm still craving that lobster fried rice. I'm so happy to have enjoyed this date night at this beautiful place.
Gorgeous NYC restaurant, Asian fusion with a twist? Great food, great drinks, great ambiance. Bit pricey but it's Manhattan. Waitress forgot something we ordered and when we mentioned it, they came right out with it and apologized, manager came over and it was on the house.
Unbelievable food. Great atmosphere. Staff was amazing and our waiter was so accommodating and friendly. Hands down top 5 restaurants we've ever been to.
Great Atmosphere, Food, people! venue the whole package! I'm always there! the managers are awesome too and also accommodate :)
The ambiance was nice. It is a great place to take a date. The appetizers were awesome: the scallion pancakes were delicious. The chicken dumplings... Damn good I didn't want to share. Oxtail dumplings were good. Edamame dumplings were strange; not my thing. Then came our dinner. The server mentioned things come out as they are made so that they are hot since it is family style eating. Well, everything came out at the same time and it was all cold. We sent it all back and had to wait for 25 minutes for it to come back out. The bill came and I asked for a discount (naturally); the server mentioned she took some things off. I looked at the bill and nothing was taken off. I didn't have the energy to be a cheapskate so I ate the cost. This place is moderately pricey. Nevertheless, most will expect perfection to come with foods that are pricey.
Well I didn't pay for dinner (THANK GOD) I also didn't order.  The food was delicious, the servers were attractive AND good at their jobs.  I ordered a round of shots for every one (I paid) and I then immediately regretted my decision.  EXPENSIVE.  VERY EXPENSIVE.
It is a trendy and spectacular restaurant great for people watching or have a drink with friends. The service is good.The over-priced food is good, but not exceptional. The size portion is fair.
My favorite restaurant in NYC.   Boneless spare ribs, lobster fried rice,  rock shrimp and everything else is just scrumptious.  Atmosphere is beautiful and sophisticated.  A wonderful night out of town.
Nice atmosphere. Too dim for my liking. If it's dark enough that I need to pull out my phone as a flashlight to read the menu, it's too dark for me. Might also have something to do with the fact that I was hungover from drinking earlier on in the day. Food was honestly disappointing. The fried rice dishes tasted just like Chinese takeout and the ever-so-popular edamame dumplings tasted like mashed potatoes; not sure what all the rave was about. My fave dish was the lobster that was drenched in a cheesy and buttery sauce..Partied at Marquee afterwards and my day time drinking combined with dinner at Buddakan gave me the serious runs....(tmi?)BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT: NO 50 FT. BUDDHA. May not be a big deal to some, but I was hoping to be seated by the big buddha shown in the Google images when you type in 'Buddakan nyc'...
It is very luxury Chinese and asian fusion place. The interior is all black and it reminds me Harry Porter. My folks are 3 women including me. I had a crab and port soup dumpling which is appetizer. It was very nice but only serve 4pcs. For the main, I had a pork romain noodle and whole packing duck which is amazing. Especially pork romain noodle is fantastic I have ever had. You should try it!!!The restaurant is quite dark but you will get used it. Another tip is that you should go early. There are a lot of people once you are late.
Buddakan is the premier culinary institution that Columbuses asian cultures and repackages it for white people. The food here comes in tiny portions and has the flavor profile of medicority. This is the type of place that asian guys bring their non-asian girlfriends to, as a first step to introducing them to their culture. Because bringing them to Big Wong full bore off the bat will probably send her running back to her favorite italian/french restaurant and ordering an endive salad with a side of dressing to wash out the flavor of salted pork and dried fish. The most hyped item is the lobster fried rice and I deeply regret paying whatever they asked for it. It barely had lobster, barely had flavor and visually resembled a pile of leftover rice that people leave on the street for pigeons. Shit, it didn't even come in a bowl. How the hell are you supposed to eat rice that comes on a plate? Skip Buddakan, seriously. Do yourself a favor, even if you are a white person looking for Asian food. This place overprices, underdelivers all at the same time while it appropriates foreign cultures for their own profit. The trifecta of white privilege, corporatism and culinary inadequacy.
This place is absolutely amazing. An upscale eatery at most. The ambiance and decor is very modern however authentic. I made reservations and upon arrival was quickly seated in the lower level of the restaurant. Omg is this place romantic. Upon the suggestion of our waiter, we ordered the jade shrimp dumplings as an appetizer. They were oh so delicious. Then for the entree, we decided to share the short ribs with noodles and a side of vegetables, the asian green stir fry. The short ribs were absolutely amazing, so tender, juicy and well seasoned. As for the vegetables and noodles, they were cooked to perfection. It was an amazing dinner. However, we did not stop there. We decided to order dessert. Omg the passion fruit merengue was amazing. So delicious not too sweet and just enough to share. I loved my whole experience. A night to remember.
We definitely enjoyed the food, especially the sea bass roll and the pork belly and pancakes. The chili rock shrimp were good but it's something that I've had in other sushi places but called shrimp dynamite. The FATE drink was a very good addition to what we ordered. I thought the food was better than TAO and the noise level was much more pleasant. The service was spot on and we never had to wait for the next item. They were all delivered to the table just as expected. Here's my suggestion of what should be your staple order:Steamed sea bass rollCrab sticky riceChili rock shrimpHoi sin glazed pork bellySweet  Crispy jumbo shrimpI'll give a 4 rating because the simple yet tasty meal was a bit pricy- $165 for two people.
By far, one of the best meals I've had in a while. We had a total of five courses and every single dish got better and better as the night went on.While we were waiting for our seats we stationed ourselves at the bar and had a few delicious drinks (be prepared to spend a lot). We started out with the yellow fish, moved onto the pork steamed buns, ate a deliciously encrusted lamb chop, moved on to the Beijing Duck and ended with dessert. We also tried a bit of our vegetarian friend's udon noodles and her salad which were equally delicious. I went to celebrate my 21st birthday and it was the best idea we had all night.
Unbelievably mediocre food. Or did I put too much expectation? Ordered lamb, and I think I can probably cook it better, just add some honey. I am OK with pricey, just please have the food matching the price. Totally disappointed.
Delish!  Our server was excellent in offering suggestions for our first visit.  We enjoyed the oxtail dumplings which was not something we were leaning towards. Definitely recommend getting these!  For entrees we had the charred steak and the shrimp - my husband and I shared and agree they were equally amazing!  The steak was so tender it could have been cut with a fork, the shrimp were large and perfectly prepared.  We also shared the wok charred broccoli and lobster fried rice.  Our least favorite thing was the rice and we wish we had ordered more broccoli!  We are not big drinkers, so we tried the nonalcoholic drink - I can't remember the name, but it had cranberry and pomegranate juices - so refreshing and light!  At the end of our meal our server surprised us with dessert for our anniversary.  It was a coconut mouse with a passion fruit center.  A wonderful ending to a perfect meal.  Service was top notch from the beginning to end.  I read a review prior to going and the person said if they had walked out of the restaurant and died, they would have died happy....  I second that!
Great NYC atmosphere, beautiful decor.  Americanized Chinese food, it was actually pretty good.  We ordered the peking duck since I've been craving it for awhile.  I liked how they took the meat off the bones, and the duck was juicy and moist.  The chocolate dessert was to die for.  The food I would give it 3 but the ambiance would be a 5.  We all enjoyed our dinner!
Great fun, great food.  They got a little tripped up on the check in/order drinks/transfer tab to your table.... it was a bit much.  Again food was great.   James the waiter, knew about son 's bday and they adorned his dessert with all the appropriate decoration.  Of course, the bill came with 2 sets of 1st drink order ($80) but we caught it. Demonstratively strong dumplings, pork belly buns and moo shu duck.
Two weeks ago I threw a surprise 50th birthday dinner for my husband with 36 people at the communal table in the center of the restaurant. Roxanne, who helped with booking that particular table as well as all the logistics (menu selections, wine/cocktails served, artwork on the menu, play by play on how the night would go) was patient, kind, responsive to my numerous questions leading up to the event, I could use up all the space allowed to go on and on how amazing and fabulous she was. Our servers for the evening were Alex and Jared. Both were amazing at juggling the needs of 36 people- they did it with such ease and amazing energy, they were like old friends who we wanted to join our party. They both were engaging when prompted and background when it was time for toasts/cake - a perfect team that made the night go flawlessly. (Thank you.) The food was incredible and timed perfectly. Ribs, dumplings, fish, lobster fried rice, the list was long and every morsel was delicious. The energy inside was highlighted by a dj spinning music that kept the vibe happy but didn't overpower which made conversations easy. So cool. I can't say enough thank yous to the staff for making our evening EPIC.
Food was amazing! Service was terrible. I checked my coat and they stole my Chanel brooch! Make sure to not check in anything valuable!! Management was not helpful in any way. Very disappointing
Attached to the Historic Chelsea Market, this place is massive. It's surprising how big it is for a NYC restaurant. The staff is always professional. Plenty of wine and good drinks on the menu, but the food is center-stage. Be ready to order a lot, and to share everything. A great selections of vegetarian, seafood, and meats all with an asian-fusion flare. Great for entertaining, business dinners, out-of-towners, and special occasions. This place has everything. Of particular interest is the Filet of Beef, it's amazing and the sauce it comes with is to die for.
Amazing restaurant! Book early as it's always crowded. Decoration inside is amazing, perfect for a date or impress your friends. Service was nice and quick. And the food was great! I would advice to choose mainly from their appetizers/dim-sum menu as it's more original than the rest of the carte. (Oxtail dumplings, crab-lobster shumai, shortrib pancakes,yumm!) - a little minus for the prawn noddle dish who was too salty.
Came here the other night with family who were visiting from London. The menu is tapa style or a tasting menu if you're a party of 6 or more. Half of the party I was with did the tasting menu. They were very accommodating when some of the people at the table asked about about making a few changes because of allergies or religious food exceptions they were very kind and helpful. I would recommend reservations especially on weekend if you're coming with a group. It's pricey but the quality of the food is amazing. Lovely crowd, food and restaurant.
I absolutely adore Buddakan. This isn't the everyday dinner spot for a starving college student, but on special occasions I make it a habit to celebrate here. If you make a reservation, the most you'll wait to be seated is 5-10 minutes. The servers are all very friendly and aren't snotty, like you'll find in most upscale restaurants.Not everything on the menu is great to me, personally. The fried rice is banging! The salmon is very good too, the ribs, and omg the dim sum . I'm getting hungry just leaving this review. My boyfriend did order the lemon chicken and wasn't a fan, the waiter had no trouble brining it back and getting him what he wanted. I always love coming here, can't wait to go back. If you guys go you'll love it. Especially anyone who watches Sex and the City, it's where Carrie and Big had their engagement dinner!
Once a Nabisco cookie factory, now lies Buddakan; a vast, seductive restaurant serving exceptional Asian fusion cuisine. This is definitely a venue made for those special occasions (birthdays) as well as the perfect spot to get together with friends and paint the town red. ALWAYS a fun night! :)The many times I've been here, I've never had any problems. The friends I've brought from LA love it here as well. Staff is attentive, food is always good and the drinks will knock your socks off. Some of my favorite dishes:- Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly w/bao buns (You HAVE to order this!)- Sesame Shrimp Toast- Glazed Alaskan Black Cod- Kung Pao Monkfish Really, a lot of what is on the menu is very tasty. I would say the noodles and fried rice options were pretty standard. They used to have an appetizer with frog legs (tastes like chicken) but it's no longer on the menu. Oh well. If you have to try only one dessert, get the Crying Chocolate. It's delicious and the presentation is very pretty. The cocktails here are amazing! Three that I really like is the Haze, Charm and Fate. (Fate being my most absolute favorite.) These three are good choices if you lean towards vodka and champagne. Definitely have a reservation, unless you decide to just dine in the bar lounge. Otherwise, you may have to wait a bit. (And they are almost always busy most nights.) The tables in the bar lounge are not very big so if your party is quite large, you'll want to dine downstairs. There you will see the grand banquet table (yes, the one from Carrie's wedding rehearsal dinner in "Sex and the City") beneath the beautiful chandeliers as well as other tables surrounding it. Off to one side is the "library room", which is smaller and more intimate (but very chic), while the other side leads you towards the restrooms, where it's VERY dark. (This may be an issue if you are completely sauced, lol.) There are also more rooms leading you into other dining areas. Ah, so many options!I'm looking forward to my next visit. :)
I never thought I'd like Asian fusion or pay for over priced Chinese food, but there I was, at Buddakhan for a reunion with my middle school friends.The server recommended  3 appetizers and 3 entrees in addition to our bottle of wine. I would recommend 1-2 appetizers and 3 entrees with a bottle of wine or any drink for 3 ladies. My favorite appetizers were the Spicy Rock Shrimp and Duck Spring Rolls. The shrimp were a bit over cooked and over-battered, but the use of pepper spices and mayo worked really well with the fried shrimp. The spring rolls were something that I had for the first time. The saltiness from the fois gras and duck with the sweet raspberry sauce were delicious. It is something one has to try at Buddakhan.  As for entrees, I just have to say that if you grew up on traditional Chinese congee, don't even think to get the Chicken Congee. This dish combo reminded me of a duck l'orange, except the flavors were unexpectedly bad. This was more of a dry dish than your regular soupy congee. The chicken was good though and cooked perfectly, but it did not work with the congee that was topped off with some crunchy stuff. However, something to try would be the Singapore Noodles. The crispy pork was a new spin-off of the dish for me and quite a delicious one. I'd order this again.Aside from the food, I was amazed at the décor of the restaurant. The hosts/hostesses sat behind counters like a concierge at a hotel. The dining hall stationed one floor below was absolutely breathtaking with their beautiful chandeliers that decorated, but barely lit the place. The ceiling of the dining room reminded me of the dining hall in Hogwarts with almost no ceiling. I never thought I'd say this, but I'll be back for more Asian fusion food.
I went here for Valentines day last night and God this place is gorgeous!!!When you first walk in there is a line of hostesses behind a desk (not crowded at all) and a place to check in your coat. We are then told to be seated in the "waiting room" where I thought was the restaurant itself! In the waiting area we were able to order drinks while we wait for our reservation.We were called to be seated within minutes.When we were seated we were addressed immediately.Our waiter was SUPER nice and attentive to us.I have to brag for a moment... If you ask for something in this place... they have in in seconds. My boyfriend asked for a new napkin and not even a half a minute later our waiter is at his side with a new one.Our drinks were great too! Sorry but i cant remember which ones we got! but go for it they are amazing!  *** Let me start off by saying, I"m not a fan of Chinese food. We ordered as an appetizer the general dumplings which were to die for!!!  They were chicken dumplings that were filled with this amazing sauce!We were explained that the dishes are to share. So for two people two-three main dishes would be good.We ordered: (sorry I cant remember the exact names of the foods)Short ribsand sausage rice with egg.one word... AMAZING. We halved the short rib and the rice and it was just enough to fill both of us up.Then we ordered desertEgg custard- This was okay, What I didn't like what it was that it had a very strong orange taste to it (I don't like orange)Bread pudding- This was amazing! Over all this place is amazing.Ambiance- Beautiful, dim and romanticGreeting- Yes, by manyService- PerfectionFood- DeliciousAttire- DressyPricing- PriceyWould I come back?- Of course!
Love this place so when a friend invited me here for a belated birthday dinner I was psyched. Everything from the ambiance, design, lighting and space to the food and service is superb!We ordered some appetizers and started off with the Charmed cocktail which had berries  and prosecco and was really good. We had the rock shrimp, spring rolls and sea bass rolls and we were really full fromJust that between two of us. We finished with the chocolate cake dessert which had a warm center and served with coffee ice cream and caramel. Was amazing! Really nice crowd for a Tuesday night. This place never disappoints.  Highly recommend. Tip: better experience to sit downstairs in the large open space rather than upstairs.
Hands Down coolest restaurant I've ever been to. My friend made a reservation here for her birthday because it's where Carrie and Big have their engagement dinner in the Sex and the City movie. It's hard to describe the atmosphere, but if you watch the movie you'll see how incredibly cool it is.Drinks- We ordered wine because everyone was hungover/ I was recovering from the flu. All the wines were good, especially the RIOJA, MARQUÉS DE CÁCERES .Food- The food was Tapas style, so we all shared. Everything was incredible, but I'll rate my personal preference of the foods in relation to each other:EDAMAME DUMPLINGS-(4.5/5) warm and mushy inside. The waitress said it's one of their most popular dishes. I loved them, but a lot of other people were not as pleasedLOBSTER EGG ROLLS- (3/5) good, but nothing specialGENERAL TSO'S DUMPLINGS (3/5) I don't love chicken, but other people loved themTUNA TARTARE SPRING ROLL- (5/5): probably my favorite thing I ate in NY for the 5 days I was thereCHILI ROCK SHRIMP- (4.5/5) SUPER AMAXING BLACK PEPPER BEEF- (4/5)- my stomach couldn't handle much beef, but my friend who loves beef loved itGLAZED ALASKAN BLACK COD- (4.5/5), really good, soft and delicateBROKEN CHILI CHICKEN- I didn't try it so I couldn't say, but everyone else loved itDUNGENESS CRAB STICKY RICE- (4.5/5)- really really good and flavorfulSZECHUAN DAN DAN NOODLES (4/5)- cold noodles, really goodFor dessert they brought us out some lava chocolate cake that was INCREDIBLE. So gooey and chocolatey.Such an incredible restaurant and good food. I am in love with this place.
General Tso's dumplings must try! Very Chinese oriented. Wild mushroom chow fun is another favourite!Broken Chili chicken is not really spicy yet sweet and sour, quite special in both appearance and taste. Tea flavoured dragon chicken is below our expectations which turned out a bit dry.
Consistently delicious and always a great time! Brandon, the general manager, is awesome! He was an absolute pleasure to work with when we celebrated my friend's 40th birthday dinner there. It is people like him that make people come back.
I am always a little bit reluctant to try "touristy' or famous spots because usually once its out in the open and masses come, it goes downhill from there but I was so impressed from beginning to end.Decor: come on look at the pics its awesome... dark... seductive...Food: I ordered the lobster fried rice, rock shrimp appies, and shrimp dumpling, also the cod entree and ALL were fantastic in terms of taste, texture and presentation.  I am pretty anal and everything hit the nail on the head.Service: impeccable. from when we were waiting for our table to our server who was AWESOME, not your typical douchey servers it was a 5 star experience for me.Price: a little on the expensive side but definitely worth it.
The ambient is better than the food. After constantly eating out at all better places. I lowered this place to 4 star . But still love it
This place make you a history whit perfect decoration nice  sitting the lighting and the music so satisfaction the food perfect delisiez when you visit NY have to visit to this place  .
Beautiful restaurant, good service. My personal favorite and go to ( I been here over 10 times and it's always consistent ) Chilli rock shrimp ,Crispy calamari salad Charred filet of beef!
Buddakan has a cool, trendy, and upscale vibe, which you feel as soon as you walk in. The dark grey, black, and gold color tones of the decor, paired with the artfully placed lighting, remind you of a dance club and the host team your VIP concierges. Excellent craft cocktail choices. The food is a great blend of Southeast Asian and Northeast American, especially if you enjoy DimSum.  Entrees are sizable and the waiters do let you know that sharing is encouraged. Plus, you'll want to save room for their tasty desserts!
Don't know if I can add anything to Buddakan's reviews that hasn't already been said. The decor is larger than life and the ambience has a lounge vibe. Dimly lit rooms make the details on the walls come to life. The seating could have been further apart though. When you're not conversing, you can clearly hear the table next to you if they are not being drowned out by large rambunctious groups of diners. I must admit, the food did not blow us away. It was perfectly good though. The carrot dumplings were delicious and the cocktails too. Main courses arrive in generous proportions - we had the fried rice, chow fun and the eggplant-tofu. The dessert was the best - a warm bread pudding with mouthwatering fixings.And our server was extremely attentive - the napkin left behind on the chair on a visit to the restroom was immediately folded neatly and placed on the table. To summarize - go there because Buddakan is some what of a landmark in NYC's Asian cuisine scene.
Great food. We went with the recommended portions which turned out to be too much food.Great atmosphere. Easy to have a conversation.
Had my birthday dinner here to celebrate. Atmosphere, ambiance, food all stellar.  the staff was top notch I'm very glad I was had a great experience and birthday celebration there.
Went here for an grown ups night out with another couple. Orders three appetizers (including the Dim Sum Tasting for Two sampler), and three main dishes, plus two sides, and shared between everyone at the table. Food was excellent! A great Asian fusion mix. The first thing to be delivered was the General Tso's dumplings (appetizer), and it was SO good. Already enjoying the first bites, the expectation was set high, and next came the Short Rib and Scallion Pancake.  Even better! Could have ordered a few of those, and been happy. We ordered the Charred Filet of Beef, Salt and Pepper Black Bass, and the Shrimp and Lobster Chow Fun. Not being a huge seafood person myself, I thought the last two were ok (my seafood loving friends really enjoyed them), but my focus was on the Filet. Perfectly prepared, and the zip style sauce that came with it was amazing. One of the better filets I've had in a while. Only thing I wished is there was more of the filet. We complimented with vegetable fried rice and the Asian Green Stir Fry, both excellent. The atmosphere was perfect. Darker, but not too dark. No windows, to make it feel more exclusive. Service was excellent, and our server (Carolina) was friendly, very helpful at recommendations, and on the spot with anything we needed.  Price wise, with a couple rounds of drinks for each of us, the starters, mains and sides, it was right where I expected it to be for a lower Manhattan trendy restaurant at about $100 per person. We left feeling satisfied with our choices, and not hungry or overstuffed. It was just right.Would definitely consider going here again next time we are looking for a nice night out in the city. Also, it's right next to the Chelsea Market and near the Highline so it's a great location for walking around before or after dinner. I
Went with my husband for an early dinner in Sunday night. We made our reservation on the day of as we were flying to New York and had no problem getting a table for two at 6:30 for Sunday evening. We requested to be seated at the communal table, it's the table from sex and the city where Carrie and mr big had their engagement party. The cocktails were delicious and strong. I had the spicy one. Dim sum sampler is a great way to try different appies. Perfect for sharing between two people. My favorite appetizer was the edamame dumplings. It is so special and scrumptious. I could have easily eaten a half dozen of those. We shared the cod and vegetarian coconut rice for entree. They were both delicious and went really nicely with our sake.
Love, love, love this place! Thumbs up for the chef! Amazing Glazed Alaskan Black Cod! Can't wait until I give birth to order my fave Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls! This place is always a WOW factor choice!
If your in the meat packing and you want a trendy, Asian fusion food this is the place to be. They serve every plate family style so when you come make sure your really hungry. The drinks, food were very good and the staff were extremely friendly.
Super yummy Asian fusion food. I went with a big group of people so we decided to go with the tasting menu and got a little bit of everything.Highly recommend the Mongolian Lamb Chomps!Only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because it is a bit pricey.
Get the tasting menu! Every dish is amazing. The restaurant is beautiful and it is not too loud, like most other NYC restaurants. Tables are large enough that you don't feel cramped.
A few months ago I came here for a co-woker's birthday dinner (which thankfully was on the company dime - whoo hoo!). The girls in my group and I all wore dresses because we knew the birthday girl was and she also asked (ie. begged/harassed) us to because the dinner spot she picked was "fancy"...boy was she not kidding. This place is very, very pretty and totally perfect for a mature dinner or romantic date.Portions were actually pretty decent given how most pricey/fancypants restaurants tend to screw you with entree sizes. Appetizers we split included their tuna tartare, general tso filled dumplings, deliciously prepared short-ribs plated on a scallion pancake and something that looked like a flower made out of vegetables. I didn't touch that and thus I don't remember what it was :).For our entrees we ate family style and so many things were ordered. I mostly focused on a black bean tofu dish, the waygu beef which was cooked to perfection (ie. not dry or burnt) came with several other things and was served in a delicious broth-like sauce which made everything burst with flavor and a chicken dish, which although spicy, was insanely juicy and very well seasoned without being over the top.Buddakan's cocktail menu was equally as fanciful as their decor and food menu. I had a "Fate" which was made up of fresh pineapple juice, prosecco and elderflower liquor and something else that was fruity  floral-inspired - I don't remember the name of it. Blarg. But it was delicious.I would absolutely love to come back here one day.
Buddakan is an extremely underrated restaurant in the meat packing district of Manhattan.  I was very excited to have dinner at Buddakan because it is the same place that Carrie Bradshaw had her rehearsal dinner in the Sex and the City movie.  The decorations and ambiance were absolutely perfect.  The menu is exquisite.  I love the cocktails.  We ordered the lobster fried rice, dumplings and steak.  All were delicious.  The only reason this restaurant doesn't have five stars is because the hostesses and wait staff are not very friendly.  I've heard the same complaint from other patrons.
This place was OK. My fiance and I dined here in January while vacationing. The server and atmosphere was outstanding. However, I cannot write this review without mentioning the fact that we both got food poisoning the very next morning after dining here. Our last day in NYC was completely ruined and we spent all day in bed taking turns in the bathroom throwing up. Its unfortunate, but it happens. My fiance is also in the business so we understand that such things can happen, but it did truly ruin our last day. Because of this I cannot vouch for the food, and will probably be terrified to come back here again. Drinks, decor, servers, and atmosphere was outstanding.
I took my Hubby here for his birthday. The ambiance is great, very intimate black tie restaurant. I was able to make a reservation that morning and showed up to the restaurant a little early. Inside there is a small waiting area with a bar where you can either have a drink and chit chat with your party or browse the menu. We didn't have much time to do either because we were shortly taken to our table to be seated, which was great.This restaurant has water options, so if you aren't a fan of tap, you can pay for a glass bottle of water for the table. Yes, you have to pay for the filtered water, or you can have it sparkling if you believe that would make your money's worth. Our waiter was amazing, he gave us great recommendations on what to order. For starters we had the lobster egg rolls and the General Tso's dumplings. Our dishes came in a timely manner and they were both delicious. Once the food on the plates were finished (which wasn't too long after they arrived) the empty dishes were cleared from the table almost instantly. For our main course we had the Broken chili    Chicken, Shrimp and Lobster chow fun, and Lobster Fried Rice. The chili  chicken was my favorite. Tender fried pieces of boneless chicken in a sweet chili  sauce, not drowning the chicken but nicely coating the pieces. The shrimp and lobster chow fun was okay. This dish comes in a large bowl filled with veggies, huge shrimp and lobster pieces, and noodles in a thick almost soup like sauce. The rice was also great. The portions are big enough to share, however it's recommended that each person get their own dish just so you can try different things with enough to be satisfied. Dessert was nothing less than amazing. Since it was my hubby's birthday they were nice enough to bring out the dessert with a candle and a little Happy Birthday message. And no way did they sing, this is not Applebees. It was extremely elegant. We ordered the almond bread pudding, and my mouth is salivating as I think about all the wonderful flavors that goes into this dessert. A nice big piece of banana bread with a side of whiskey flavored ice cream and almond dust at the bottom...yum. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in the mood for Asian inspired food, or anyone who just wants a delicious meal.
Buddakan is THE place to go for a special occasion. I celebrated my four year anniversary here last night, and everything exceeded my expectations. The atmosphere was definitely breath taking. It's very vast, trendy, and dimly lit to exude a romantic ambiance. My server was friendly and attentive. I love how the food is presented in the middle of the table as soon as it is prepared so it's super hot and fresh, also perfect for sharing. We got the rock shrimp appetizer, the jade shrimp dumplings (my favorite) and an order of wok stirred noodles with prawns and broken chili chicken. For desert we ordered  "Crying Chocolate" which was malted ganache with vietnamese coffee ice cream. The server brought it over lit with candles, and a "happy anniversary" note written on the plate! That was such a pleasant and perfect surprise, and the desert it self was very decadent and delicious. Thank you buddakan for such a perfect dining experience!
Like the decoration, food is good. Portion is not very big, but is the size I would prefer. Staff are friendly. And one important thing: it didn't take a century for the food coming up. Didn't get a chance to try the desert, but I will come back!
Beautiful chandelier theme Asian Fusion Restaurant. 1. Food - 4 stars; Food we ordered were good for Asian fusion, we ordered edamame dumplings*, pork buns*, tuna tar tar, wild mushroom chow fun, lobster fries rice, and lobster chili dish. They were good, but the two dishes edamame dumplings and pork buns were very good. Edamame presentation was pretty and it's worth a try; as for tasting, it's a very smooth paste texture with soft and sticky thin rice dough playing in your mouth. Pork buns were soft and moist, very good! They have a lot of good size side dish items (rice/pasta) where portion is fairly large to share, and lots of good app/dimsum menu to try as tapa style dishes. Their main Lobster dish we were not too impressed by though, it was nothing special and salty...Desserts were wonderful! We were here for bday and they put a HBD plaque n candle on our dessert. Nice touch! 2. Space- 5 stars; the chandelier theme main dining is too gorgeous! No wonder they filmed the engagement party scene here for the sex and the city. it's nice enough that u can have excuse to "dress up" for nice dinner. 3. Service- 4 star; service was good, nothing to complain about on our dinner. Especially since one of our party was late and they didn't hold that against us. This is a great spot to bring ur out of towner for dinner, we found their price comparable to other nice NY restos, apps in the 10s, mains in the 20s-30s, and sides in the 10s. I paid more for "chow fun" from seamless delivery than here, I think that says a lot. Bring your guest, pop some bubbles ($50 and up), and enjoy the atmosphere n the good food Buddakan has to offer.
This place is great so classy n elegant. We came here last night for my cousins birthday 1/06/2015 n had a great time. We order 5 bottles, a cake the whole works. Our waiter bill gave us the greatest service. I had the lobster it was $40 I believe for only a lobster no side dish, a lil pricey but not bad. Best sitting place is soon as u come down the stairs if u wanna see everything n be arounds.if not u can be setted in the back if u want privacy. Dress nice and classy because it's an upscale restaurant.After we headed over to "club le souk" for sum fun (dancing). Besides the freezing weather the night was amazing. I recommend this restaurant.Food.5 starDesert.5 starDrinks.4 starCustomer service.5 starAtmosphere.5 star
Great place for special occasions, to impress dates or for a fun group dinnerI came here for my birthday dinner and had a great time! The decor/ambience of the restaurant is unforgettable. You definitely need to take a couple of minutes to just take in how grand this place is. The menu is definitely overpriced, but if you choose what you order wisely, you'll end up having an amazing time without feeling like you spent way too much on glorified Asian food. Like I said, this is place for special occasions, so it's not so bad to splurge a little.The dishes are very flavorful and filling. Their dessert is fantastic! The place is pretty loud, so if you want to whisper sweet nothings into your lover's ear, you might have a hard time. Our waiter was hard to get a hold of sometimes  wasn't really able to answer some of the questions I had about the menu. I liked that the manager was walking around  trying to make sure every one was having a good time. I actually forgot my gift bags at my table, and the manager found me and returned them :) Luckily, I was taking my time walking around the restaurant.
A co-worker recommended Buddakan so when my boyfriend's birthday rolled around, I seized the opportunity to take him here. I don't want to call Buddakan "fancy Chinese food" because I have also heard people describe PF Changs as such, but this is on another level. I will say, I think it is a TAD overpriced for what you get, but I really am not regretting going at all and will go back again and again. We ordered tuna tartare spring rolls, edamame dumplings, general tso's dumplings, chinese sausage fried rice and we were pretty full. We then ordered the crying chocolate and hong kong donuts for dessert. Everything was SO good - my personal fave were the tuna tartare spring rolls (~$15 for 3) and the chinese sausage fried rice (Entree). The desserts are also AMAZING - the coffee ice cream that comes with the crying chocolate is out of this world. Eric was our server and he was so nice and when I told him it was my boyfriend's birthday (while he went to the restroom) he said he already knew and would take care of it. I had called earlier to ask if they could write something on his dessert plate, but I have had experiences in the past where restaurants forget so I mentioned it to Eric and he already was on it - amazing service. He asked how to spell his name and then they brought out the crying chocolate with a birthday message on it and a candle. No cheesy singing, just a perfect elegant bday dessert. Thank you Eric! :)The total bill for all that and a drink was $120 so really not bad at all for 2 people, so again, not unreasonable at all but if you're super hungry/order a ton of drinks your bill may be much higher.
Wonderful Restaurant in Chelsea. Impecable service and amazing food. Highly recommend the oxtail dumplings and the short ribs. Cocktails are a must as well. Beautifully appointed with excellent service and vibe. A must if visiting NY.
Good service good food!Recommendations: come in a decent size group so you can get many diff things to try!Starters: chilled udon, rock shrimp, edamame dumplings, shrimp toastEntree: short rib, wok noodles, cod But really everything is good so enjoy!!!!
Maybe my favorite restaurant in NYC! Definitely my favorite ambience in all of Manhattan. I'm an author, and I write about dating, so walking in here definitely gives me the Carrie Bradshaw-ish feeling I've always dreamt of! It's such a beautiful space, and the food is simply divine. My boyfriend and I took my parents here, who are from Kansas City, and we ended up ordering 17 different plates to share. It was my fathers birthday and he was in heaven! He now refers to it as his 17 course birthday dinner. What a beautiful evening and lovely space! Oh, and the service is exceptional too. Special thanks to Kevin O'Rourke for allowing my father to peek into the kitchen, he hasn't stopped talking about it!
I don't get this place.  Maybe I just came after the hype but I felt like I was in Las Vegas.  It is a large restaurant and the food was not memorable.  I guess I'm just not a cruise ship/Vegas type person.  Not a place I really want to return and definitely not the unique like other New York Restaurants.
Probably one of the most memorably nights I have ever had at a restaurant. I had a dinner for two for my 30th bday and the experience was pleasant from the start. We had a reservation, waited maybe ten minutes to be seated by the bar and had a cocktail. I had "the charm", such a refreshing drink. Service is truly outstanding. All of the employees seem happy to be there and happy to serve you. Ambience is perfect. They play good dining music, not too loud, decor is gorgeous and restaurant has a nice open layout. We ordered teasmoke ribs, pot stickers, broken chicken, lamb chops, and Chinese sausage fried rice. Everything was mouth watering. The only reason why I am not giving it 5 stars is because of the lighting. I do think that the space is a bit too dark to dine.
Where do I even begin? I have been here twice now and I am never ever disappointed. The server always recommends a reasonably priced bottle of wine that pairs perfectly with our meal. We order the MUST HAVE edamame dumplings. This is the dish God will serveIn Heaven...I'm pretty certain. It is heavenly!  Then we ordered the hoisin glazed pork buns. To DiE for!!!! The entrees are delicious but the appetizers kill it! I will miss NYC mainly cuz of Buddakan
Must haves tuna spring roll, shrimp dim sum, edamame dumplings,  vegetable fried rice, salt and pepper crispy fish!
Yank Sing east!  I found my newest favorite Chinese restaurant in NYC.  Everything was excellent.  From the minute you walk in, to the cute hide and seek game that is played when the host finds you to seat you.  The decor is beyond amazing huge rooms and tables as well as small rooms and tables.  Now for the food:  We had scallion pancake with short rib and general tzo's soup like dumplings.  Next course was Peking duck, salt and pepper sea bass and lobster fried rice.  Topped off with perfect cappuccino and amazing carrot cake with cream cheese ice cream.  Additionally I had a tranquility drink (vodka, tea and honey) my wife had a very good black russian.Service was excellent throughout.  A perfect meal!
Great date night spot or place to grab small plates and drinks. A bit over priced. Did not enjoy the quality of food for the price I was paying. I ordered their bads dish and it was extremely salty and the skin/ scales were fried with the fish which made it chewy. The fish also came w the entire body incl. head fried as decoration. Kind of made me loose my appetite. The pepper beef was good but an extremely small portion for a 30-40$ dish. The cauliflower lollipops were the best.
Ready...? For your mind to be blown...? Here it is. Buddakan. UNBELIEVABLE. Seriously. It's THAT good. You might think the ambience, the smooth pumpin music, and the impeccably friendly service (go Carrie!!!) couldn't possibly be matched by the food. But......it is. The food is TOPS. It is sooo STINKIN good. There's a reason why this place gets so many great reviews and great pics. It must be the consistent GREAT experience. Wait, did I mention the drinks? Fine wines and Champagnes. It's reedic. We had the yellow tail app and the lobster-crab dumplings app. Beautiful and delicious. For entrees we had the ginger glazed lobster (the sauce is KILLER) and the black cod (the glaze and the cubed zucchini garnish were perfect). It's honestly too good...like...you don't want to eat another meal after this. I'm sorry to tell you this, but it's true. This is food MEMORY in the making.
Greeted by a warm Maitre d with clear framed glasses my party and I checked in early and were told to have a drink at the bar. We enjoyed the music of a brilliant female DJ with half a tattoo sleeve who kept the main bar lively. We were then escorted to our table and service was warm and attentive. Manager Anthony touched our table and made sure we were enjoying everything to our liking. We were bid farewell by manager Kermit and all support staff on the floor. Buddakan hit a home run with their hospitality.
Came here tonight for family dinner since uncle was visiting from abroad! Service here impresses me every time (4th time here)!Made reservation 4 days in advance; requested seating in main dining hall on lower level and was graciously granted. Our waitstaff, Matthew, was extremely attentive and a great photographer. The manager Vanessa also came by and chatted with us. Pleasant conversations :)Food was delicious; definitely get the black bean scallops for a spicy take and the Alaskan cod for a more mellow taste. The vegetable rice with coconut foam was also such a delight.If you have no food allergies, go for the almond bread pudding! The pairing with ice cream is sweet but not saccharine. The crying chocolate was also good but a little too rich/sweet for my mom. I happily devoured that for her though ;)Yes this place is pricey (hence the $$$ on yelp), but it's definitely worth it. Given my experiences, my chinese family prefers asian flavors and they enjoy Buddakan much more than a purely western restaurant.
Took my fiancé there for her birthday and had a wonderful time. For appetizer we had the Dim sum platter . The carrot dumplings were awesome.  Also the pork buns were great. Lobster fried rice spectacular and the Chinese fried rice with the egg was real good. Overall food and service was great !
Buddakan is probably my favorite restaurant I've ever been to. The place is gorgeous and in a prime location. It's super trendy but most importantly the food and cocktails are actually amazing.I've eaten in the lounge and also at tables. I make reservations for family nights or large groups, and if it's just a couple friends I head straight to the lounge. All the drinks are fantastic and different.I usually order the same exact things because they're too good to pass up. Edamame dumplings are the best out there. Rock shrimp is perfect. Boneless spare ribs are a crowd favorite. I love the crab and lobster rices. We also usually split a steak or an entree for the table, but truly the dim sum is what is worth coming back for.It's the kind of place that makes you feel special, and is truly worth the money.
I'm very keen on customer service. I work in retail and I understand the importance of customer service. With that being said.. I reserved a table for 14 at Buddakan for my boyfriends 30th birthday. However, only 8 of my guests showed up and mostly everyone was late. The front table staff (especially Michael?) was extremely helpful!! And made sure we were seated quickly despite our disorganized party.. Here's where it goes downhill. One of the staff came up to me and told me that we won't be seated unless our party left my 9:30.. Weird right? Especially after seeing numerous empty tables and parties that were there still seated before and after we left. I never really gave him an answer because I was shocked that he said that to me. Our waiter.. Dear...Atrocious. She never once introduced herself. We explained to her that we've never been to the restaurant before and asked for her help. It was either she knew nothing off the menu or she didn't care cause her responses were very vague. Chic quickly hurried away and told us to let her know when we figured it out.. When we asked another question she told us "that she needs us to make a decision because we have to leave by 9:30" at that point we were very much over our experience. It was extremely obvious that our waiter was uncomfortable with us being seated in her area and it showed all over her face. On the bright side.. We hardly saw much of her after we place our order. LOL. She never came back until it was time to drop the check. The reason I gave the restaurant 3 stars instead of 2, was because of the food which was extremely filling and tasty. And due to the staff who placed the food on our tables and due to a supervisor.The kitchen staff was very knowledgeable of the food and walked us through it step by step. (The waiter didn't one bit). She actually told me to order the bobo plate after I pointed out that I have a seafood allergy.. (It has fried shrimp).My boyfriends birthday cake was also cut and served so nicely thanks to the pastry kitchen and Richard (the supervisor). Richard reached out to us after we told the waiter that her service wasn't the best.. He quickly apologized for her and gave us his card for the next time we came to buddakan.I'm not going to say that I would never visit buddakan again. But I wouldn't say that I would recommend it to anyone I would know as a a first choice.
Sometimes I wonder if the impressive ambiance of this place (dark, swanky, hip  sexy) affects the judgement of the food.If no reservations, just come early and sit in their bar area. The bar area is pretty sizable though with smaller tables, and service is pretty easy to flag down.Hubs craves this place every time we're in NYC. For him the Chinese sausage fried rice is his comfort food. At first I came to support Dale (from Top Chef) but now I just come along for the ride. I was most impressed with the black pepper steak. Shrimp toast was light, not greasy. The menu online doesn't seem complete bc I recall also having lettuce cups (nay) and wok fried noodles (yay).The walk to the restrooms make you feel you're heading into the kitchen.
I recently attended Buddakan and i nothing but praises! I can't believe i forget our waitress' name but she was amazing! The food, decor and ambiance was amazing! Nothing but high praises for this place! Oh get the tasting sampler! More food without the hurt in pocket!
Very good food - the dumplings and hot appetizers were particularly good as was the charred filet of beef.  I didn't love the scallops but that's a taste preference thing..they were cooked beautifully.  Service was excellent and ambiance is beautiful.
Breathing taking place for starters!!! Alluring decor from the moment you walk in! Staff was very accommodating from the hostess that sat us to the waitress! Highly recommend the " Royal " cocktail! Such a sweet drink! The food was so appetizing! My recommendation is eating light earlier in the day if you choose this place for dinner because you will be stuffed! The pork pot stickers for appetizers were excellent! I enjoyed the most the Chinese sausage fried rice!! It was delectable. Such a nice place to go out to dinner whether it be with friends or a significant other!! Highly highly recommend!!!
This review is for the dessert. Simply sinful. Crying Chocolate  is literally worth crying for and there was another one with coconut and crumbled cake that was delish. Love the decor and dim lighting. Music is loud so if you're on a date, prepare to talk loud. Staff was super friendly and I'd definitely go back!
I have been to Buddakan probably 20+ times. I think it's safe to say it's one of my all time favorite restaurants. However, last time I went was VERY disappointing. In the past they have made special occasions all the more special with excellent customer service, and even free champagne or appetizers, combined with amazing food and ambiance. This last time however, on the night of my engagement, we were greeted with TERRIBLE customer service, both at check in and by our waitress. The lobster fried rice was bland and mediocre. I had high hopes for Buddakan to deliver on such a special occasion, something my fiancé had informed them of. Unfortunately, they did not treat us in the same wonderful ways they have in the past. Maybe it was a fluke, but a bad night to be one!
My waiter was very rude and arrogant. I don't know why he was like that, maybe he thinks he is waiter at a fancy restaurant??? LOL! Food is just OKAY, it's a little bit better than Chinese take out food, but way worse than some of the authentic Chinese food I have ever had, and it's overpriced. For decent Chinese food and a reasonable price, go to Chinatown. I will not go back to this place, and not recommending it to my friends.
I was there today celebrating my bday for second time ...Service was good Food amazing Thanks Cheff Chang for making good tasty  delicious food ...I had a great time Highly recommend -Rock-shrimp-oxtail dumplings -tuna rolls -carrot dumplings for vegetarians...I'll b back soon for more
The manager did not honor our reservation in the main dining room despite numerous confirmation calls on our part well in advance. He then offered what seemed to be complimentary drinks which turned out to be 17-18 dollar cocktails that he charged us for without remorse. Food was pretty good. Overall bad experience.
Overrated! The food is very pricey but taste wise is just okay. I will not go back.
The food at Buddakan was great. The only reason I am giving it four stars instead of 5 is I prefer the Philadelphia location.  Missed the passion flier martini and wasabi sorbet. However, the Mongolian lamb chops where superb as well as the Peking duck fried rice and other dishes we tried. Highly recommend.
The food is really good and the main dining hall is beautiful . Most of the food we tried was really good . No complaints !
This was a great place to eat. Everything we had was amazing. We had the Hong Kong Donuts and bread pudding for dessert.  Both must haves!!!
Fabulous from start to finish! The atmosphere is unique and well decorated. The menu is to die for. Excellent service.
The food here is really good. I didn't try any of the meat (beef, pork, or poultry) dishes, but I can definitely say how the following dishes rated for me:Lobster Egg Rolls (my favorite of the night)King Crab  Lobster Shumai (good but not as flavorful as the Lobster Egg Rolls)Lobster Fried Rice (loved this, too)Asian Green Stir Fry (very, very good if you like greens, and like caramelized garlic, which I do both)You cannot go wrong with either of these two chocolate desserts. Save room, my friends:Crying Chocolate (loved this whole plate...caramel, chocolate, coffee crystals, coffee ice cream, yummy)Chocolate Coconut Ganache (if you like chocolate mousse, this is your thing...so rich and creamy, and the coconut foam...it's like crack)This is a pricey place. $15 cocktails aren't my thing, but good food...I'll throw some bills down for good food.Make a reservation. This place was packed on a Wednesday night (7pm). Plan to take your time to enjoy the food...we spent a few hours here and didn't feel at all rushed. The table service was simply awesome.
Came here with my boyfriend for a Friday night date. The waiting area is large tables by the bar. When your table is ready, a host will get you and bring you to your table.Our waitress was extremely friendly. She recommended we order a few appetizers, entrees and sides to split between the 2 of us. We ended up sharing a few appetizers and entrees and couldn't even finish that much! We ordered:Dinner:*Tuna tartare spring rolls - pretty much with it sounds like. We like tuna tartare so we loved this!*Crab  pork soup dumplings - good but have had better for cheaper (Joe's Shanghai)*Sizzling short rib w/ mushroom chow fun and asian pear - the short rib was so soft and juicy, chow fun was eh, few slices of asian pear thrown in gave the dish an interesting kick*Dungeness crab sticky rice - this was surprisingly my favorite! Although basically just fried rice, the dish had some interesting textures and the crab was deliciousDrinks:*Fate - we split a drink since I wasn't feeling too well. Fate is St. Germain elderflower liqueur, pineapple, prosecco..yum!The atmosphere of Buddakan is hip, cool, and embodies asian fusion. A pretty diverse crowd comes here. Would recommend for a cool date night or dinner with the girls, especially since they have a good variety of specialty cocktails to choose from! Unfortunately, there was no buddha statue..the hostess told us the buddha was under construction (lol) but my friend who went a few years ago later told me that he didn't see a buddha either!
Appetizers were on point half the time.Peking Duck Spring Roll- great but a bit dry.  The side of foie gras saved the duck from being a disaster. Be liberal with it.King Crab and Lobster Shu Mai- amazing, best shu mai ever. Scallion Pancake- this had a ton of short rib meat on  the pancake. Definitely not the typical scallion pancake that I was expecting. Very boring. Taste exactly as you expect it to taste.Pork Buns- Amazing, best pork buns I've had. The buns are so soft and the meat just falls apart. The pickled vegetables are a great balance to the whole. It adds that crunch and sweet and sour to the umami porkEntrees were pretty disappointing.Filet of Beef- this came out almost lukewarm. The edges were very well done while 80% of the center was medium rare. This was very typical and mundane. I would never order this again. I would rather eat an outback steakSticky Crab Rice- should be named Sticky Rice with Two Pieces of Crab. Very little crab and the rice seemed dry and old.Green Beans- great taste at first but easily becomes overpowering with the realization that it's over salted.Staff- friendliest staff without being too overbearing
Amazing food and service. Says it closes at 10pm but we were lucky to place our orders at 10.30pm. Order the lobster noodles, it is too die for!!
Great place! The drinks were delicious, as was the food. I had ordered an appetizer and a "side" for my meal, which was more than enough. I had the tuna tartar spring rolls and lobster fried rice. Also get the charm drink! Fruity and bubbly!
Had an amazing dinner here a month ago! Love love love the decor of the Resturant. The waiter was really nice and the food was super tasty! We had to wait and extra 15min for our table to be ready so they brought over some complementary appetizers without us even saying anything! This is a great place to do a birthday dinner or a girls night out because the Resturant is super large and can accommodate big parties!
I had very high expectations about buddakan and this place definitely exceeds my expectations.The food here is amazing. The chef is really attentive to her customers. All the staff is very attentive. My only problem was staff did not clean off tables after taking plates. RECOMMENDATIONS//Hoisin glazed pork bellyChinese sausage fried ricePeking duck If you come here with someone, expect to share. The potions are made for sharing. All in all this is an amazing placeOh if you come here. Try to have Danielle be your waitress. She is phenomenal
Excellent ambience, taste, presentation and service. Place was packed, had to wait a while despite making a reservation
I came here the other night as part of a free dinner bought to my company by a vendor. It's a super trendy restaurant with romantic lighting but cool vibe. It's not exactly my cup of tea since the ambiance is to grand for me. But as a restaurant it's very cool looking restaurant.So what did we have?  Essentially each of us had a tasting menu of the entire menu!  So what did i enjoy the most then?  The calamri salad was awesome - peaking duck was delicious obviously, and my favorite of the night was some sort of edamane filled dumpling.  Those rocked!Would i come back though?  Probably not since i'm not a huge fan of Asian Fusion.  This place does it really well, but you'll end up paying for it.  Sadly, when i think of chinese food - i'm constantly reminded that I am chinese and that this food doesn't appeal to me.
"So we round this corner, right, and then it just opens up into this giant, gorgeous pit with tables at the bottom! I felt like I was in the Asian fusion restaurant equivalent of the Chand Baori!" = Actual phrasing uttered by yours truly in describing Buddakan and its main dining area.My friend and I stopped by here for dinner before an Elite event that consisted of lots of drinks and no food. We got:- Spicy Yellowtail Yu Sheng: Delicious and tangy, with smoked chili and pineapple- Lobster Fried Rice: Fluffy without being too oily, served with Chinese sausage, pomelo and blue basil. I would've preferred more seasoning, though- Salt and Pepper Black Bass: The best dish. Fried, crisp fish with ginger and red chiliThe food, although a bit under-portioned for the prices, was quite delicious, and the service was top-notch. Between Buddakan and Hakkasan, I give the edge to Buddakan. Nicer staff and more interesting food.
Easily one of the best meals and experiences I had in NYC. The restaurant is upmarket, cool  chic, waiters attentive but not overly so.Prices are on the upper end of the scale but well worth it.The food was spectacular. The oxtail dumplings melted in the mouth  the lobster kway teow was another highlight.I'd definitely recommend this restaurant for a special meal in NYC!
Every time I go I'm consistently happy with everything from this restaurant! The ambiance is lovely, those chandeliers in the dining room are just gorgeous! The food is always fantastic- from the miso cod to the cauliflower lollipops and everything in between! Our waiter tonight Brian made the experience extra fantastic after we left Catch because they were so rude! He was the opposite of that, so accommodating and sweet! I highly recommend this restaurant!
This place could not have a better vibe. I wanted to take my girl to a nice a dinner and it definitely met expectations. We had the "chilli rock shrimp" to start and I would not recommend it, It tasted great however the entrées where much better. The charbroiled steak and cod were amazing. Bottom line is come to this place for the vibe, food is great however you can find better if you try. I gave 4 stars because I genuinely feel like this place is worth every penny.
What a sexy and trendy place for some quasi-Asian food. The authenticity (or even taste, frankly, of some of the dim sum dishes) obviously doesn't match what you can find in Chinatown, but it's a fused and upscale version to get your fix. The huge communal table in the middle of what seems like a large dining hall downstairs seems to me like an odd choice for your large event since there are strangers walking by all the time. Other seating areas are more intimate, and I like the decor of the place, with the wall-size oil paintings and the chandeliers. The highlight of our meal included the Truce, a Bombay Sapphire-based cocktail, the tuna tartar spring rolls, the Alaska cod, and the desserts, which were all delicious. We were a party of seven and just opted to have the waiter use his discretion and keep bringing out dishes for all to share throughout the meal. The presentation of almost all the dishes was great, but not every dish was breathtaking or innovative (especially the veggie dishes that were very simply prepared and felt just like homemade). There were some interesting takes, including the soy sauce ice cream, but they didn't always pull it off. Apparently this place is a tourist attraction due to its appearance in Sex and the City; and it's also right next to Chelsea Market. I came for a business occasion and I doubt I'm going to feel like paying for overpriced Asian food (with twists) and getting small portions and in my opinion a somewhat bizarre combination of Asian dim sum, European artwork on the wall, and an American attitude when it comes to the feel of the venue. Despite that, a nice spot to impress a business partner or date, all in all.
If you are looking for ambiance this is your spot. Great spot to take a date for sure. However food is subpar. There are a couple items on the menu that are really good though which are the rock shrimp and the edamame dumplings are bomb.
Pros:- High end look- Attentive serviceThe décor of Buddakan is simply breathtaking. The ground floor has a chic modern Asian-inspired vibe and if you get lucky enough to be seated in the dining room downstairs, get ready to be blown away by the grand staircase and gorgeous chandeliers. This is the perfect place if you want to impress your date or if you're throwing a grand event (fun fact: Carrie in Sex and the City played by Sarah Jessica Parker had her wedding rehearsal dinner here).The WOW factor is definitely the interior design, but the food is good as well. My party had the edamame dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls, steamed sea bass roll, lobster fried rice, dark chocolate mousse, and melon soup. All the dishes had an interesting spin on Asian cuisine (hence, fusion), they were all delicious and were creatively presented.
Can I put 6*... PleaseService 6*Food 6*Ambiance  Decor 6*Not much else to say. 2 appetizers and 2 entrees and 1 side later we are still recovering. Amazing explosion of flavors. For sure an address to remember. And the staff is very professional and friendly Well. That said. I would highly recommend this place We decided to listen to our waiters' suggestion The Peking Duck spring rolls served with foie gras/pomegranate and the pork dumplings are great. Mix of flavors and very tasty. The large entrees blackened Cod and Crispy pork to follow. A delicious and great combination. And the side of lobster fried rice was perfect. And it was served right I rarely right long reviews so you can imagine I enjoyed this place
Fancy and trendy Asian fusion spot with good food and service, not cheap!Get the edamame dumpling please if you love ravioli; get the general tso chicken dumpling if you crave for soup dumpling. They are both unique twists of traditional cuisine,and delicious!!As for the entree, the monk fish was my most favorite dish of the night - crispy and flavorful on the ouside, and juicy meat on the inside. The black cod ranked the second, I feel like it could be better though... The steak entree was quite disappointing - avoid for sure!! (why the hell would we order mediocre steak at an Asian place in the first place anyways..)Dessert, we tried the crying chocolate, and almond bread pudding with whisky ice-cream. The latter was awesome!!Anyhow, at the end of the day, expect a big fat check, and enjoy the food and ambiance! It's not the best place for people who care about price-to-value, but it's a GREAT place for those novelty seekers!
Pricey Asian Fusion restaurant but totally worth it in my opinion. The  experience and ambiance of the place is modern and cool. There are several different themes running throughout the huge restaurant. I love the main dining room though I never had a chance to eat there. It's a long table that fits a ton of people and gorgeous chandeliers hanging from the high ceilings. My second favorite room is the library room. It's got an dark mysterious vibe to it. And my third favorite room is the bathroom. I know that sounds weird but they have this mirror thing going on in there that is cool.Besides the ambiance, the food is really darn good. I've eaten here 3x now, each with a different group (friends, company,  boyfriend) so I've got to try a lot of dishes! My top favorites:-King crab and lobster siu mai-Edamame dumplings-Chili rock shrimps (#1)-Dungeness crab sticky rice-Whole peking duck-Mongolian lamp chopsAnd the list can go on...I think their dessert menu changes all the time. Once they had this dessert soup with passion fruit and tapoica in it. I never had anything like that before. It is even better than bubble tea! I'm so sad it's not on the menu now. I definitely need to make a trip back soon. I spy some items on the menu I am dying to try (Green Tea Doughnut!)
We chose a restaurant 90 days before arriving in NYC (farthest out allowed on open table) it was between Scarpetta and Buddakan).   We went with Scarpetta - but after having waited 30 min past our 8:00 reservation there and saw them seat other customers before us, we left.  We stumbled upon Buddakan and decided to see if we could grab a seat. We were told the earliest opening was at 11:30....uh not gonna work - we were starving!   But one of the other hosts told us to follow him and he pointed out several great seating options in the bar area - it was basically private tables, but in the open seating area - no waiting required, awesome!!!We ordered the broccoli, chinese sausage fried rice, general tso dumplings and the rock shrimp.  We loved everything except the rock shrimp - which we ordered based off of the reviews on yelp - it was a bit soggy when we received it.  But everything else was quite tasty!  Our waitress was amazing - great service!  I'm glad we walked out of Scarpetta, Buddakan saved our night!
Five stars for holiday party experience and staff attentiveness.   Though personally this kind of place is not my style -  I go for intimate foodie spots and this is a more expense-account stylish adult trendy scene kind of restaurant - great for fans of shows like Sex in the City, it jibes with glamorous portrayals of NYC.   My kind of NYC is more aligned with a taco-truck outside of a concert venue, or a steamy noodle shop  - and I would not be caught dead drinking a cosmopolitan.   but I know great service when I see it.       I came for a holiday party and I have to give props because the service and food were exceptional.  The staff did a fantastic job accommodating our large crew.   Drinks and snacks were constantly circulated and refreshed.  Staff were warmly attentive but unobtrusive and each seemed personally invested in making sure everyone's needs were being met.  They navigated the crowded room with remarkable ease.  When they were caught off-guard by dietary needs of a guest that departed from our planned menu they seamlessly reworked things to give him separate appetizers salads entrees and deserts that were not derivative but thoroughly enjoyed.   I found the food fantastic, tuna tartar, the lamb, the cod, the rock shrimp,  it was all tasty. Even though this is a place I would not check out on my own, I would not hesitate to return recommend them for a big group or a planned party.
The only thing I didn't like about this place was my bill when the meal was over lol. I took my mom here for her birthday and everything was lovely. The decor, the ambiance, the service, the food, the drinks, and the DESSERT!!! The food was great but nothing tops that almond bread pudding with whiskey ice cream. Every time I think about it, I feel joy inside. It is so delicious, I really cant get over it. I will be going back this weekend just to get that.
Potstickers, carrot cake and soup dumplings... enough said. Grew up in London and Paris, this is one of the best Asian Fusion restaurants I've ever experienced.
Loved everything about this place. Great service; great food; great atmostphere. I finally can see what all the hype is about; def lives up to it's name! I will be back for more fancy Chinese food. :-)
I just abosolutely love love this place!!! The ambiance is wonderful the food is spectacular.. The drinks are terrific.. I've been here at least five times and every time I've visited was great.. The consistency with this restaurant is always on point.. Keep up the great work...
One of my absolute favorite places in nyc! Have been here 5 times and the food is always consistently delicious! The ambiance is very trendy almost clubby - a huge restaurant! If you can request to be seated downstairs, the rooms are so cool, beautiful and grand.Food wise I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. I've tried many dishes and some of my favorites are the  chili rock shrimp (tempura chili perfectly fried with the most amazing sauce). I'm a huge Peking duck fanatic and I was not disappointed with their Peking duck it's so tasty, with perfectly crisped skin and perfect pancakes! As a side, you must try the lobster fried rice which is also amazing!
Very beautiful place, the service was amazing!! The food was too expensive and not the bast Wr had.. I'm afraid we didn't get value for our money...
Really cool place to bring a visiting friend. I was there with a group of ten, and we had a very good time. The food was quite delicious and fun.Service was a bit weird, but I think they had a large party going on somewhere, and the waiters were not as agile as they should have been.We had a great time and will return next year.
I forgot how much I like this place. I used to come here a lot but hadn't been here in years and had dinner on a whim just over a week ago. Some dishes were a bit salty but overall the food was great. The filet of beef dish was amazing we wished we had gotten two to replace one of the chicken dishes we got which just was not very good. They first thing when I tried that chicken dish was it tasted like a hot dog, not even joking. It's crazy because I love everything normally (and I like hot dogs lol) but something about this was not good to me.  The cocktail we had was great too. Recommended for those in the area who have never tried it and for those who haven't been in a while. You will remember why you used to go all the time!
Big beautiful restaurant. We ordered a bunch of food and liked it all but some of it was extremely salty. Especially the kung pao fish. It's not cheap either but a great, fun  place for a large group.
Second times a charm! I never got to my review after my first time here, but after yesterday I can say this is a solid place. First off, though cavernous, I'm not sure if I've seen a nicer looking restaurant that is at the same time so large. It's divided into many different sections and each one has its own feel/look. We ate on first floor, but in section that looks down on the lower level with its gorgeous chandeliers and gothic chic decor.Yesterday I again tried the chili rock shrimp as my appetizer. As previously, it's a really nice mix of spicy, a little sweet, just very well done shrimp. Points last night were taken off as both myself and my date had shells in our shrimp, but we notified the waiter and he offered to take it off our bill. We asked for another order and second one was perfect! It's a must get item! For mains I got the Broken Chili Chicken and my date got the Black Pepper Beef. We also shared the Chinese Sausage Fried Rice. Wow! We loved all our mains. I would definitely order each again, and the fried rice was surprising my favorite, just really well flavored. I can't wait to visit Buddakan again. If in the area I'd definitely go there over Tao, and it's even worth a trek if not!
Hmm I swear I reviewed this place before...Anyways, this place is gorgeous, but the food is way overpriced for what you're getting.  The presentation is lovely, but the food is just mediocre.  We had the pork dumplings, chow fun, fried rice and some meat.  It looked great, but was just ok.The drinks were pretty and tasty, though.
We loved everything about this amazing restaurant.  Upon arrival I love that we were greeted so nicely and offered to check our coats.  We appreciated that we could order and share food from the middle of the table and eat at our own pace.  The drinks and wine were perfect.  The ambiance was amazing.  So glad we made a reservation and spent our evening here.  The food was spectacular!  The appetizer for two was made for three people no problem.  The cod and the charred beef were spectacular.  Especially the charred beef.  Did I stress... Charred beef for sure!  Desserts are amazing.  Wonderful service, very attentive.  You just won't be disappointed!
haven't had an amazing experience that worth every penny I spent for a while. our server Erin was great, she's warm and had some great recommendations for us. Food was absolutely amazing. We had pork bun and siu mai for appetizer. It's a little shame to say this since I am a Chinese born and raised, but the pork bun was prob the best I've ever had in my life. The meat was cooked/glazed just right. Main- sweatsour shrimps and crab sticky rice. this is actually the less satisfying part: shrimps were probably over fried, and the the salt in the rice was "spotty". Desserts were fantastic: we had the lava and blueberry thing (sorry i cant remember the name) - so glad that we got to try both even though we were already full. they are very unique and every bite tastes like heaven.Drinks were also great! TRY EVERYTHING! or ask the bartender to make you a special!They have a huge lounge area for people who are waiting but MAKE A RESERVATION! It would make your life so much easier.
I think I'm losing my mind! I can't believe I haven't written a review for here when I've been dining since 2011. SMH @ myself! The food here is delectable! My favorite being the lobster fried rice, and the bread pudding. The drinks are well made, and the waitstaff is pleasant. I like that the lounge/bar is a dining option especially if you don't have a reservation. I can't say that I have any issues with the place, but I do look forward to my next visit.
Was here on Saturday for a late dinner with a friend and really loved the atmosphere of this place. From the entrance to the bar / lounge to the restaurant seating, the set up is beautiful and very large and open while still feeling a more intimate setting at the table. The foods comes out as soon as it is ready (forget what the serving style is called) so everything is perfect when it reaches the table and hasn't sat waiting. We started with the lobster egg roll which I strongly recommend. My only complaint is I felt they were a little pushy in getting us to leave when we were done, I know it was the end of the night and they were getting ready to close (we had an 11PM reservation and paid for the bill at 1PM) but I didn't see the need for this when we were finishing our drinks and there were still plenty of people still eating around us.  I would certainly go back but only gave it 4 stars for how the energy of the server was at the end of the meal / night.
Love this restaurant there food is great, the waitress was terrific and made sure I got everything I need. I Complained to the manager and he gave a great discount
I came here for my birthday yesterday 9/16/86 and I must say the service , food , drinks and decor were all too notch from the second we checked in at reception . The waiters were super attentive  and we had at least 3-4 people helping us /cleaning table and prepping for the next course at all times . The food was spectacular . Literally everything that came out was delectable . We ordered so many different things but the highlights for me were the Alaskan black cod , big shrimp, and ox tail dumplings were outrageously good ! For desert definitely the green tea donuts were the best ! Also loved the bread pudding The only reason  I'm giving it one less star is because food is made for " sharing " which is fine , but it comes out randomly one at a time and  with a table of 6 it's pretty hard to share 5 dumplings . They should of asked is if we wanted the option to have everything come out at once . That would of made the dining experience much grander . But oh well !
This place is huge. Therefore I recommend it specifically for large groups (birthday dinners, bachelorette parties, etc.) I've been 3 times, each time was a good experience. The food is really good. Try the rock shrimp, pork dumplings, beef lo men...everything I've had I've enjoyed. Drinks are yummy too.
I've been to this location and the one in Philly now......It took me a couple visits to warm up to Buddakan.     The environment in NYC is VERY opulent (French golden era opera house meets trendy lounge)- very over the top.   The food is very creative, as are the drinks.....and being in the Chelsea Mkt, it gets BUSY.I'll admit, sometimes I'm slow to take to "creative", esp creative Asian fusion....but once I warmed up to it, I've started lovin it.I really like the sashimi spring rolls.  They're served cold and filled w sriracha tuna.   I could eat them ALL DAY, same w the rock shrimp.  As Roger B. put it "These rolls are the epitome of what this restaurant is doing in terms of creativity and in fusion."Over time I've really started liking the short rib too, and recently the new dumplings....I believe they were oxtail?   Yummy.I've really gotten into the mushroom fun noodles too, even though I am allergic to a few kinds of mushrooms...severely...I've never had an issue w this dish....and its the ONLY dish w mushrooms I will eat ANYWHERE.Every time we go here, there is something new to try.  The menu changes up, and although the staples are always there, there is always something interesting and new that catches the eye......and everything is always good.The drinks....most of them are on the too creative side for me, but of course you can always order normal drinks if you like.Service here is always good.   Things come out quick, and they are always good with explaining new dishes.If you really want to impress someone w creativity on a trip to Manhattan, and are down to spend spend spend, definitely check this place out.
You almost miss the bleek black door in the red brick diagonal to noticeable TAO. You enter into lounge with chic music and high ceilings then into a restaurant made up of many rooms which flow effortlessly into each other. Everything is grand scale. And the food is absolutely amazing. We order crab and lobster rolls, edamame dumplings, Cantonese wantons, filet, crispy shrimp, broken chicken, lobster fried rice, pork noodles and charred broccoli. Every single bite was delightful. The alcohol is quite weak and cocktails very fruity but still delicious. Our waiter was actually courteous and helpful - hard to come by in this city.
Ooolala. The drinks here are great. They're very unique. I loved having the many options for extravagant drinks. "CHARM" is my favorite. Ladies, yes, this is THE place from the Sex and the City movie. It's twice as gorgeous in person. I love the interior design and the immensity of the famous large center table. There are 6 separate rooms with different themes; I suggest you request what room you wish to be in when making your reservation. As for food, my favorites are: Shrimp  Chicken Spring Rolls (appetizer), Short Ribs and Lobster fried rice.
I went here a while ago with my parents and sister and it's FONCCYYY! I don't really remember the food much, but what did stuck out to me was the peking duck. It was so good, we still talk about it til this day. The space itself though is very chic. Service was excellent, although everything is pricey, but that's what you can expect from a restaurant like this. Not to mention, it was featured in the SATC movie ;)I definitely would want to come back with my husband for a full dinining experience - i love asian fusion restaurants so it's a good place to come back for a nice date.
I will try to be as unbiased as possible: food was delicious. Portions were decent. Service was top notch= expensive! I love everything I had and the service we had but it was Justin little too pricey for me. I would definitely come back in two years lol
Don't believe the hype. Our table ordered the duck fried rice, chicken congee, and eggplant tofu, and no one was impressed. The desserts were poor, too. We ordered the Crying Chocolate b/c everyone raves about it, but it was so hyped up for no reason. Also had the banana pudding, which was totally forgettable, and the apple fritter that was the sorriest excuse for a dessert that I've ever seen. No filling. No sweetness. No flavor. The apples were sliced on top, like an afterthought. How is this place still in business and jam-packed? I'll never know. We will not be back.
Wonderful service and creative use of lofty space. Dishes to try are the oxtail dumplings, lobster fried rice, asian greens stirfry, charred filet of beef, crying chocolate and the coconut chocolate ganache.
Buddakan is known for its $$$$, but if you're looking for the most exceptional service, the tastiest Asian-fusion food, and delicious cocktails, look no further.Buddakan is chic, sexy and filled with amazing things. From the moment you walk in until you leave you will be mesmerized with the high ceilings, medieval architecture and chiciness oozing from the walls. Tip: have the lychee martini and try the sausage fried rice (you're welcome)
Superb place !Its a huge place , with plenty of seatings.The ambiance is beautiful and trendy with dim lights.We had a table toward the back, and we walked past the seating areas and the tables. Every nook and corner about the place was awesome.The food is even better. Just loved the lobster fried rice and king crab. The king crab was huge and the way, it was prepared it was easy to get the meat out of the shell. The spices were balanced. The lobster fried rice was also awesome, it had that buttery taste to it which was just amazing.We also had the banana pudding. It was served with ice cream and was one of the best desert that I had in a while.Though on the costlier side, the experience over is just worth it.Highly RECOMMEND this place !
Been patrons since it opened and it's one of our neighborhood favorites but Buddakan has unfortunately scummed to testing the limits of the price-to-value-to-popularity calculus. Great service, ambiance and cuisine but the price of food and wine is no longer sustainable in any sensible or competitive context. Delivering far too little for way too much money, they've carefully optimized profit margins on every single selection. Great while it lasted, but like a girlfriend that just keeps getting more expensive, at some point you just don't want to be taken advantage of anymore, so we say goodbye Buddakan it was great while it lasted!
Short wait for my party and I to be seated. Food and cocktails are beyond amazing !! Beautiful décor and atmosphere.
Buddakan has long been hugely popular so expect crowds and noise. I expected that, but was surprised how dark and cold it was. The interior is very striking and the service attentive. The food was a disappointment: the sea bass and shrimp noodles were good, not great; the lamb chops meager for $35; the scallion pancakes and lobster egg rolls mediocre and the cold noodles poor. If you want more interesting, tasty and reasonably priced food in the area, try Omai.
We had the lobster crab suimai ,lobster fried rice and black bean scallops.The suimai And the black bean scallops were too good .the suimai was too good that we finished our first serve and ordered another .The lobster fried rice was a bit bland couldn't get the flavour of lobster in the rice !
I chose this spot for dinner with a friend who was in town. Typically I'm wary of restaurants that are too loungey bc I find the food lacking but I was looking for a place with good drinks and ambiance so I figured I would t be let down. I was not prepared for how wonderful the food was going to be!!Here's what we ordered:general tso soup dumplings Pork belly buns Child chicken Miso cod Sausage fried rice with soft egg Blueberry cheesecake Bread pudding Everything gets 5/5. Amazing! Drinks were great. The food was enough to feed 3 adults. Also, we didn't have reservations and didn't want to wait for a table so instead we opted to eat in the lounge area and had a lovely time. Great service. We noticed lots of bachelorette parties (perhaps bc of SATC). Awesome spot for a great dinner and fun night out.
I went here for my birthday and the ambiance was stunning. The lounge is very sexy and lively as you wait for your party to sit down. One of my friends is from hong kong and they were very skeptical of this American fusion take on Asian cuisine. Asian and tapas -- what better combos? The appetizers were delicious (my favorite were the pork buns) and the duck was made to perfection. The service was a little off. Not sure if our waitress was overwhelmed, didn't prioritize our smaller table or the kitchen was in the weeds but the service seemed less smooth than it should have been for the caliber of restaurant.
Great food. Do not order the "smoke" drink. It literally taste like smoke! But overall great food great experience great ambiance. Our waiter was amazing
Overpriced Chinese food !! Nothing special about this place except the exceptional decor which makes it look super fancy when the food is just crap! I paid 70$ for some egg rolls and wine!!! Your paying for the name and experience - definitely not the food
Buddakan is the whole package. From the extravagant two levelled, dimly lit, unique layout to the food and service, you won't be disappointed. The restaurant itself is huge - there are multiple rooms throughout the two levels and it is ALWAYS very lively. We had: Dim sum:  edamame dumplings, crispy cauliflower lollipops and the general tao dumplings. Hot: chili rock shrimp and pork buns. Meat: black pepper beef and broken chili chicken. Noodles: wild mushroom chow fun and minced pork lo mein. Rice: vegetable fried rice. Each dish was EXCELLENT. Amazing cocktail list as well.Great for groups. Bring your friends/family when they come to town.
Stephen Starr knows how to make trendy restaurants. The place is beautiful, it's a large space with a club like atmosphere with pretty loud music. The restaurant offers an Asian fusion meal that caters more toward the non Asian clientele. The food looks pretty Asian but the flavors are definitely adjusted. The service was great and the portions were fine but the restaurant is on the pricey end, the restaurant also does well for larger groups.The food:Pork Buns- Charred pork belly, spicy shallots, napa cabbage. The pork bun was tasty, it had a nice balance of fat and meat and the pork belly was basically melt in my mouth. The overall flavors were good, I would get this again. yelp.com/user_local_phot…King Crab  Lobster Shumai- Shrimp, red pepper, yuzu. I was really excited to try this and I really wasn't expecting much and really, it didn't really deliver. Any time I hear anything lobster, it's usually a let down, unless it's actually lobster. The presentation on this was pretty bad ass but sadly, it was lacking in flavor.Edamame Dumplings- Shallot-sauternes broth. It's one of their signature appetizers and for good reason. The taste was light and clean with a nice rich edamame filling. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Kung Pao Monkfish- Chili-Szechuan sauce, peanuts. The Monkfish dish was beautiful, it was a good recommendation from the waitress. The sweet and spicy sauce was nice, I enjoyed the flavor but the sweetness was a tad much and there was more heat in that dish than I was expecting. I also thing it was kinda crazy not to serve this dish with rice, but that's just me. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
Was really excited to come here on a Friday night. It took a while to find the restaurant and I kept confusing it with Tao across the street (oops). When my boyfriend and I got here we were immediately taken aback by how fancy yet festive this restaurant was. We were led to the back of the restaurant where lighting was much better (thank goodness I didn't have to read a menu in the dark) and the ambiance was more relaxed and family-oriented. Our waitress was really nice and we had no trouble ordering our dishes.I knocked off two stars because of the mediocre food. I understand that this is Asian Fusion, but I was disappointed by the stark contrast in taste with the amazing Yelp reviews I had read. The edamame dumplings were different, nothing I've had before, but they got heavy after a while. We ordered the sticky crab rice and the lobster rice--both of which I expected to be amazing. Sadly, I was let down--the sticky crab rice tasted like something I could've easily gotten at a dim sum restaurant in Chinatown and the lobster rice, while fresh and yummy, ironically lacked flavor. Not to mention that each dish had only two-three pieces of the actual seafood.On the bright side, it's good to end the night with good dessert, and it happened. The crying chocolate was really chocolate-y and the Vietnamese coffee ice cream that came with it was delicious. I had the meringue, which was really just sorbet and a bunch of grapes. Still, the combination of the two desserts was a good balance between sweet and fruity. Overall, 5/5 for service/setting; perfect for dates/business/night out with friends. Food was a disappointment but I'm sure there are other things on the menu I have to try.
Where do I start. Buddakan. PHENOMENAL. I was SO pleased with our time at Buddakan. I came on a Saturday night with a party of 5 for a bachelorette party. I made reservations 3 weeks in advance and was able to snag a 9:15 slot. The decor, high ceilings, lively atmosphere and beautiful crowd makes it easy to fall in love with the venue.As far as food, DELICIOUS. We ordered 1. Sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp 2. Whole sea bass 3. Singapore chili king crab 4. Mongolian lamb shops for our meats. And for sides 1. Wok tossed noodles with prawns 2. 2 lobster fried rice 3. Dungeness crab sticky rice 4. Wok Charred broccoli. I know sounds like ALOT of food for 5 girls but there was nothing left on the table afterwards. Highlights for sure were the sea bass, lamb chops, lobster fried rice, and broccoli. I don't know what was in the broccoli but gosh was it magical! I'd highly recommend all of the above dishes!For drinks we opted for 2 bottles. One of  prosecco and the other Pinot Noir. Service: Our server was SO sweet and informative I'm upset I didn't catch her name! The manager was lovely and checked on us really often which extremely pleasant. My only gripe was although my reservation was at 9:15 we were not seated till 9:45. Yea, we were offered to hang out at the bar but still. Music was fun, lots of Spanish tunes playing which was great for the occasional grooving at the table.Nonetheless I had a phenomenal time a Buddakan! And you still get 5 stars.
Amazing experience! I'll cut to the chase. You have to order the below items: Edamame dumplings (dim sum)Oxtail dumplings (dim sum) Spare ribs (appetizer) - smoked in oolong tea! Wild Mushroom chow fun Green beans Pistachios/chocolate dessertCan't wait to go back again and try the cod fish Ryan was our server and gave us an excellent experience! He recommended all of the above dishes that we enjoyed. He was super knowledgeable about the menu and guided us through a fantastic meal! Thank you for the genuine hospitality!
This has been a place I've wanted to try for a while now and I am so happy I finally went. The decor made me feel like I was in an upscale Asian castle. It can make you forget outside world and enjoy your meal.The menu is extensive Asian fusion. The plates are designed for you to share or eat individually. I went with my sister and we ordered one appetizer, two entrees, and a side which was enough for us. I recommend trying any dumpling because they are packed with flavor. We both ordered the chili chicken and let me tell you the sauce was out of this world and the chicken tasted like butter. Just thinking about it makes me hungry. I can't wait to go back!
Fantastic atmosphere and great for a small group get together.  Located right next to the entrance of Chelsea Market, it has a club like atmosphere but still functions as a good Asian fusion restaurant.  Music is loud, so people have to shout a bit to talk, but if you have a group that's drinking that's not such a problem.  Drinks are very good, recommend the dirty martini.  Food was also good, lobster fried rice, black pepper beef and black cod all excellent.
Buddakan always impresses me. It's good. Very good in fact. Which is impressive given they can seat 300 at once. They are amazingly consistent. It's probably my favorite restaurant in New York. Not the most impressive food in New York. But always fun. It's a must for locals, groups, and anyone visiting New York. The decor is great and they usually have space given the size of the place. Though I still suggest reservations. Or eat in the cool bar area. The staff are very friendly. But on to the food. If you're a group of 5 or more I suggest one of their menus. They are more food than you can ever eat and they'll bring you more of the dishes you like. I highly recommend the edamame dumplings. Unique and delicious. They have a variety of dim sum that are good. The Peking duck is awesome and a large portion. All of the fried rides are great. The miso cod is usually a hit. But save room for dessert. Because they're awesome and huge portions. They have a large selection of alcohol and sake. Not a cheap night out but for the quality and amount it's reasonable, especially if you go with a group and get the menu. Enjoy.
You go here for the ambiance and to be seen. The interior is gorgeous and the food is actually better than expected. However, $15 or $16 for 3 normal dumplings that are inferior to 2/3 of the Chinese places in the city? The fuck? Clearly Buddakan is the 8 who thinks they're an 11.
The decor and lighting at this establishment is phenomenal. Only true con is the bathroom with three stalls for a busy Saturday. The food was above average, but not necessarily something that would behoove me to return for. The crystal rock shrimp and the snow peas were delicious, but not memorable. That goes for the dessert as well. To sum up- the ambiance due to the decor and lighting, and because of the company of my family made my experience at Buddakan lovely. Every other aspect was just slightly above average.
Must go to in NYC. Book resie way in advance. Great location in the Meatpacking district.Loved the lobster egg rolls, boneless ribs, Asian green stir fry, charred filet of beef and the glazed Alaskan black cod. Assistant Manager Timothy was extremely sweet and personable. Sat with us for a few minutes to get to know us. Great service, ambiance.. Everything was perfect on every level. Place has ALOT of energy.
My first time at this location and the service was ok before a weekend dinner hour. The ambiance is incredible and I would call it a hidden treasure being that all you see upon entrance is a dark door. While waiting for our table I was directed to the restroom when I viewed some meals along the way, and their short rib dinner caught my eye. I decided to select that meal as my entree which was definitely a fulfilling and tasty meal. The meal included noodles and mushroom in a light sauce. Two people can share that entree with other sides as options. I did have left overs. I also ordered the shrimp toast as an appetizer and a side of veggie fried rice which had a citrus type of sauce on the side that was light and fluffy. They serve everything as they are prepared, so we did receive appetizers, entrees, and sides at all different times. They also have a menu in which everyone can pay a flat rate and share the food. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone in the area and or to celebrate any special occasion.
Had an anniversary dinner here, it was amazing. I loved the décor and ambiance. Food was delicious by the end of dessert I was ready to fall in a food coma. If you want a nice romantic dinner you must go and request to be seated in the chandelier room.
Food was good, the atmosphere was ok but the service was terrible. Prices are decent for that kind of place
Excellent as always! Food was incredible as always, chilli  rock shrimp and the tuna tartare spring rolls were delicious, Dungeness fried rice was killer! All the entrees were amazing and the Stoli Elite was the cherry on top!
A nice ambiance and very uptight high end restaurant. Staff is nice..... Very delicious food.
Soup dumpling is excellent, and the sole is good too.  One thing that we kept on talking about in relation to how good the food was, is ingredients.  It's very clear upon the first bite that the ingredients are top notch. Inside ambience is dark but majestic, good location for dates.  We were seated next to the speakers so music was too loud, it would be better if they put the speakers higher up on the wall closer to the ceilings instead of on the floor.
Make a reservation! It gets full! We had a reservation and walked right in to sit- no wait. It is a beautiful restaurant, a little dark upstairs but downstairs is uuhhmazing!Appetizers:Cantonese spring roll-- a bit spicy but the sauce! yummmmPork belly bun-- the pork belly melted and the slaw paired perfectly with itPot stickers-- yum yum Tune tartar roll-- it's perfect! With a great spicy kick at the endGeneral tso dumpling-- wow wow wow I can eat these as my mealEntrees:Black pepper beef-- eh ok. Sweet Shrimp-- yum yum perfectly sweetBlack chicken-- I wouldn't recommend this it has a strong smoked taste wasn't anything fabulous Sides:Curry vegetable rice-- totally unexpected yummier it was perfectly balanced the curry was subtle Pork Lo mein-- mediocre I wouldn't recommend it it similar to home delivery lo meinDessert: Cremoso-- oh heaven! What a perfect combination sweet, tart, crunchyDoughnuts-- warm and gooey in the inside come with a cinnamon creme dipping sauce Choibust-- not sweet it was good and refreshing Drinks:The royal- the Bacardi is OVER poweringClarity- soft smooth, delishFate- perfect champs cocktail
Amazing ambience,  phenomenal food, great service....we loved the sesame shrimps, scallop crispy noodles overall amazing experience !!
Such an awesome space but the food for me was comparable to PF Changs (ok maybe a little better...) This restaurant is huge! They have a beautiful communal dining table on the lower level with chandeliers hanging all over and the rest of the space includes intimate dark areas of candle lit tables. The upstairs bar area is almost pitch black, making it extremely hard to see someone in full detail. I guess this is good for the "situation wanted" dates that seem to be popular here. My friend ordered the tuna tartar first without acknowledging that it was a deviled tuna tartar, so it was tuna tartar on top of a chopped up hard boiled egg mixed in a mayo with avacado. This was incredibly gross and inedible for both us. This dish just doesn't work. Next we got the edamame dumplings, calamari salad, and lobster fried rice. The dumplings were delicious and came filled with a creamy edamame filling, similar to the texture of a perogi. The calamari salad was solid. The calamari was lightly fried and the greens were lightly dressed, which I like. I wasn't a big fan of the lobster fried rice, but my friend really liked it.I wasn't really impressed with the food but we didn't get any main courses so maybe those are the stars here? Irregardless, it's a gorgeous space.
The place is amazing to look at, but they like to play games.  a reservation for a table in the main dining room was made weeks in advance, but no table was available on arrival.  We walked around with a ?maitre d'  looking for a suitable table.  There were plenty of empties, but they like to play games.  Also they said on the phone there were plenty of gluten free options, but there weren't.  Most everything had soy sauce with wheat.  Very disappointing.  But we made the best of it.  The food was good but wildly overpriced for the small portions that arrived. Shared a bottle of apple cider with my son, it was the worst I had.  Avoid.  Go for the experience, but beware!!!
This place was great!  We were in town to celebrate my friends bachelorette party and  we had dinner here one night.  The place is super trendy and located in the meatpacking district.  We checked in for reservations and then grabbed a couple drinks at the bar while they got our table ready.  Our waiter was amazing.  He provided top notch service.  We checked out the menu and decided to go ahead and order the tasting menu since we wanted to get a broad range of items from the menu.   WOW!  The tasting menu was wonderful and so much food.  I must have consumed over 3000 calories that night from the tasting menu.  Everything was good.  I'm a Sex and the City fan so it was amazing to see the main table where Mr. Big and Carrie have their engagement party in the Sex and the City movie.   The vibe is very trendy and hip and it was a bit dark in the area where we were seated.  It is also very loud so it was hard to hear the other ladies in the party but overall I definitely recommend this restaurant for a fun night out with your girlfriends or even a nice date out with your loved one. Definitely a fun place and if you're in NYC and a Sex and the City fan, you should stop by and grab a drink at the very least.  Service was amazing too!  Thank you to our waiter for going above and beyond and making our night so great.  We had an amazing time here and it definitely set the mood for our night which was just so memorable.
That feeling you get when someone recommends you a place but the place ends up being extremely disappointing and you have no idea how to tell your friend you did not like their favorite restaurant.... That is how we felt after trying out Buddakan a Thursday night.My friend who lives in NY with me had two of her friends visiting from Norway, they are extreme Sex and the City fans (and for those who do not get the reference Budakkan is where "Big and Carrie had their engagement party"), so we figured it would be the perfect time to try out the restaurant. Sadly non of us where impressed. We made a reservation for 4 and although we were quickly seated it took a while before we got any food. We first received a big round table that could seat at least 7 people so we kindly asked to be moved to a smaller table, we obviously wanted to be able to talk to each other without having to scream. Our waiter told us they could just remove the extra chairs, but we explained that removing the chairs did in any way make the table smaller. This was our first annoyance of the evening. After 10 minutes at our first assign table upstairs we were moved downstairs and received a new table and waiter. Up until this point we were still in a pretty good mood.By the time we started ordering it was 10:15. But not until 11:00 did food start arriving at our table. Our waiter had explained that all food come out at different times, however we did not expect that the food would come out with 20 minute gabs between them. This was our second annoyance of the evening. And per recommendation from the waiter we ended up ordering way to little food but we did not dare ordering anything else because it took so long! Our waiter also was rather rude to one girl in our party, more than once he pointing out that he did not understand what she was saying (although she has lived in NY for 2 years and speak perfect English). This was our third annoyance that evening. The waiters behavior was unacceptable! Even if you think we are tourist and you think you can get away with that sort of behavior we do pick up on your comments. Our forth annoyance, and this is a big one for me, was that water did not continuously flow into my glass, we had to ask for it, and at one point our waiter actually removed my champagne glass without asking if we wanted another bottle. Like seriously? We finished the bottle before our food even arrived and you think we did not want another bottle? What? Being a rather expensive place the service was terrible, so even if the food was amazing, we will not be returning to Buddakan, especially since there is so many excellent Asian Fusion places in NYC. Please understand that this might only be one or two waiters, however these one or two waiters also ruins the experience and leaves me with a negative impression of the overall restaurant. Over all it makes me reluctant to ever recommend it to anyone else. But on a good note location is good for going out afterwords and the food is tasty.
Tartare tuna spring roll is amazing. I hold my birthday event here. Service, food, and decoration are awesome! Recommend to people who would love to try some special Asian food.
Celebrated my birthday here with friends. Inevitably impressed by the colorful, bold and theatrical Design of the high ceiling space, and more impressed by the oversized table-statement sort of candle, it's art work!Didn't know it's the restaurant where Carrie and Mr. Big had their wedding rehearsal until after dinner. Not surprised to learn that Gossip Girl also shot here. Food wise, great, but what you pay for is really the atmosphere - it's great for special events and celebrations. I appreciated the great service too.
Great drinks great evening great quality food we had a party of 10 excellent service no complaints. The DJ was playing great music .threre are t 5 separate dining rooms.
Food, service and Ambiance are 5 stars! Down side was, it VERY dark inside. I saw so many people using their smartphone to read the menu . Me and my friend really enjoy the fried rice and the crispy shrimp as well as the glazed pork belly buns.  definitely will come back for more yummy food.
We should all be thankful that restaurants like this exist! True to form, this fusion food hits all the key notes to remain authentic in its diversion from the traditional while keeping in the 'spirit' of what Cantonese food is about. Thank you for a wonderful dining experience and for broadening all of our horizons with wonderful and thoughtful food.
The food was decent, but the service was poor.Perhaps our waiter was in training. If that was so, I feel we should have been notified and offered a trained waiter or dinner at no charge. When a restaurant is charging roughly $75 a person for a meal it should be a flawless dining experience. We ordered drinks, a glass of wine and a beer. It took over 10 minutes to deliver. The delivery was very poorly executed. The waiter poured across me and I had to jack my head back to avoid taking his elbow to my face. He spilled a good deal of the beer on the table, but did not clean up after himself, leaving the mess for me to wipe up with my napkin, which was never replaced. Worst of all he poured my $13.00 bottle of beer, a Chimay Red, straight into a wine glass on the table resulting in a 3 inch head. We ask about the Carrot Dumplings and he informed us that he thought carrots were disgusting and that only a rabbit would order those dumplings. I feel that a restaurant in this price range should be top quality and should have nothing bad on the menu. The staff should be able to tell the customer how and why everything on the menu is so special and amazing. The food was delivered promptly. The first dish that arrived, Edamame Dumplings, was presented nicely and was delicious. Our soup dumplings followed and they too were good.Our dumpling plates were not cleared so we used them for the main course as well meaning the flavors from the dumplings intermingled with those of the main course. Perhaps this was intentional, but I'm guessing the chef would not have been pleased.Unfortunately the rest of our food got cold really quick. I believe this is because it was served on cold plates. The Lobster fried rice was good when it was hot, but not so tasty cold. I felt the same way about the broccoli vegetable side dish. The King Crab was good hot and even OK cold, but I would have preferred it to be hot for the duration of our rather short meal.Our table sat littered with the remains of our meal for quite some time, and even when a server did come by to clear our table, he neglected to clean off the surface. On our way out I noticed they had 4 people working the front door. 3 handling reservations and one person greeting at the door. It seemed excessive. Perhaps they could have one of those kids down in the dining room cleaning tables, getting fresh napkins and plates out to diners and helping to make a meal more magical.
This place is on the corner and looks like an old warehouse kind of building. You may find street parking or paid garage parking. Since we were a group of about 11, we made a reservation and were promptly seated once our entire party arrived. We were seated at a community table in the basement floor. The food was mediocre and the portions were fairly small for the price that was paid (amounted to about ~$40 per person, without drinks). I wasn't a huge fan of the food but the setting was pretty decent. If you search well enough, you can find better food at hole in the wall places. You may need to dress a little nicer if you are coming here.
One of my favorite places to get dinner. I like the decor and the food is amazing. Had a team dinner consisting of 10 people and the waitress was extremely helpful in setting us up so that everyone could try all the dishes we picked. Great experience.
Impeccable service, and food that absolutely met my expectations. Beautiful atmosphere, and beyond aesthetically pleasing décor, the eye also eats no? Five stars!
I love buddha so it's very comfortable for me. Place was   gorgeous and luxury!! Food was good, but nothing impressed me. For girls night, with your lover is best! I like to go here for dress up!
Not terrible ... But didn't live up to the hype. - Overpriced for the standard of the food. Clearly paying for the restaurant fit out / location- Food was hit and miss. Confused menu that swapped Chinese and Japanese flavours at will with limited success imho- Atmosphere and layout of the restaurant is fantastic, dark and well styled. Very cool- Staff / experience. Had to wait 30 mins at bar for our table (we had a confirmed booking). We weren't in a rush so not a real problem however it was 8:30 on a Sunday night so shouldn't have happened. - Server / waitress that we had was an amateur. Knew the menu well however lacked basic table etiquette and detracted from the dining experience. Staff in general seemed relatively disinterested and "too cool" to be working there. For a place where the service and food is underwhelming I'm surprised people rate this place so highly.My thoughts on the dishes we ordered... As I'm sure you are still considering Charred Broccoli 9/10. Our favourite dish of the night.. This says something as I am a carnivore and don't generally like broccoli. Charred and lightly dressed in a Chinese black bean dressing Tuna spring rolls 6/10. Reminded me of a tuna mayo sandwich as they took sashimi tuna and mixed it in Mayo and filled a fried spring roll shell, very small serving of 3 tiny rolls .. Note that apparently lots of people (including my wife) like themBroken chilli chicken 4/10 - chicken breast in tempura batter cooked in a sickly sweet version of a sweet chilli sauce. Chicken was moist but that was the only positive. One chicken breast on the plate... Nothing else... Stay awayDuck fried rice 5/10. Gluggy and meh. You will get better at any decent Chinese restaurant .. Mushrooms were a nice touchGeneral tsao's dumplings 7/10 - nice .. Good serving of five soup dumplings.  Pleasant if not a little sweet but again not done as well as any real Chinese dumpling restaurant. Dumpling skin was thick and clumsy Black cod 7/10 - well cooked tender cod in a miso glaze.. Weird eggplant stack to accompany this tiny piece of fish on a ridiculously oversized plate.Chinese doughnuts 4/10 - nice fresh cinnamon donuts with a custard that doesn't really mesh well together. Icecream or just more butterscotch sauce would have been better.
Whoa.  I never thought a restaurant could be "sexy".  But Buddakan did it.  That staircase leading down to the main dining room - so grand.
This place is Asian fusion in both its setting and food styles. I'd give 5 for ambient, 3.8 for food and 4 for service. It's one of the best among the few contemporary high end Chinese we tried recently.  Although I thought their Peking duck was definitely not prepared by Chinese chef because he left us with very little crispy skin but a lot of thick meat. Likewise the fried chicken congee was interesting in concept and well executed on the congee part but the meat was too white. We both liked their foie gras dumplings but agreed we didn't taste any duck or goose liver. The pork belly bums were also popular. I loved my desert of chocolate pudding and green tea ice cream mixed with a lot crunchy stuff
We went there to enjoy a nice fancy meal in New York. The atmosphere is dark, modern and you get transported into a different world as soon as u get inside. The lower dining room has the best ambience so when u make a reservation, do request that area. We ordered the general tso dim sum, Kung pao monkfish, charred filet and wild mushroom chow fun. Each dish was delicious. My favorite was the monkfish. I would highly recommend it. In general, it is a really nice Asian restaurant but the food did not blow me away. I've had better Chinese food in Chinatown.
We took the waitperson's recommendation, and got the pork buns. Best pork buns I've ever tasted. Cocktails were good. Mains of beef and chicken were tender and juicy. Table next to us were a bit rude to the waitress but she sailed through it.
HIGHLIGHT OF MY RECENT TRIP TO NY!Yes, Ladies and Gentlemen, it is that good!!Prior to choosing a dinner spot I asked my New Yorker friends for their recommendations and Buddakan was consistently mentioned. What won me over were their beautiful pictures inside the restaurant and unique plating. We had reservations for 7 p.m. but I was running late and the hostess was able to find us a table. We waited in the cocktail area but were unable to order a drink between the time we were there because our table was ready. As the hostess led us to our table I couldn't help but gasp around every corner. It was dreamy and absolutely well done. We went downstairs to our table and I had to consistently apologize to my friend because I couldn't stop serenading her about the chandeliers. And guess what? Flashback to Sex and the City 2! Carrie's rehearsal dinner was here!!We started off with the General Tso's dim sum, followed by the chilli shrimp. For our main, we played it safe and ordered the chicken as an entree accompanied by the mushroom noodles. The dim sum was superb and the entire meal met my expectations.This is a must visit if you're in the meat packing area!!! Don't miss it :)
One of the few restaurants that delivers value for the cost.  Superior place, superior service and most important, superior food. We had the charred beef, tuna tartar spring rolls, short ribs, lobster and shrimp pasta, amazing desserts (all fantastic), and more.  A party of 8 and we all remarked at the superior dishes.The main room is a very nice unique experience, but the noise level is a popular style for the 'younger' crowd, but not for me.Overall the best meal and service for a correct price
Great for a special occasion.Wow effect!  The main room is gorgeous.The dessert menu was fantastic.
For asian styled food-- It was Meh.  I've had better and for a quarter of the price.  The atmosphere is better than most and is a very large space.  Come here if you're looking to impress someone, but if you're looking for good eats, it's just okay.
The best place ever. Favorite in the city. Had an engagement party here and it's an event to remember.
One of my favorite restaurants in NY! Went there to celebrate my birthday, it's a huge spot, with awesome neighboring bars. I was a HUGE FAN of sex and the city, so this restaurant really got me giddy knowing it's where Carrie had her rehearsal dinner :) The food was amazing from beginning to end. The mood, vibe, decor, everything was perfect and I'm so happy I did my birthday there!I got the scallops. I was reality craving to only eat scallops, but this dish should be shared! It's not the typical scallop entire where you only get 4-5 scallops. You get like 15 ! So I'd recommend sharing that one. I tasted a few of the other dishes my friends got ( I can't remember the names), but no matter what dish you order, it's going to be filled with flavor! Enjoy!
I love Asian Fusion, so this was a great place. The interior is hip and trendy (and it was featured in an episode of Sex and the City)! The food was high quality, and the rock shrimp and shrimp fried rice were great. Would definitely come back!
This is the best place on earth! The ambiance is truly award winning. Great date spot and sex and the city was filmed here :) Lamb chops are by far the best I've ever had in my life. The service is impeccable. I love it so much, so the boyfriend and I have made weekend trips to the one in Philly and Atlantic city just to eat at those too!
very dark and sexythe lobster egg rolls were fantastic
Chic restaurant with a very trendy atmosphere, and naturally, overpriced Asian food.Obviously the first thing you notice upon walking in is the atmosphere and decor. The place gives off a sense of grandeur, especially as you walk down from the entrance / bar area into the dining space below. As for the food, it's good, but not necessarily worth the priciness. I found myself most impressed by the appetizers, particularly the tuna tartare spring rolls. The tuna was perfectly seasoned with soy sauce and a bit of spice that complemented with the crunch of the spring roll exterior. The oxtail dumplings were great - don't get thrown off by the name oxtail - it was essentially filled with very tender beef, and garnished on top with crisp veggies. The scallion pancakes felt overwhelmed by the beef on top - it kind of reminded me of the taste of an empanada or something of that ilk. It was also tangy and slightly spicy from the tomatoes on top, and the scallion pancake was a bit thicker than preferred, which was necessary to sustain all the toppings. The mains were less impressive. The chili chicken was a bit dry and tasted just like fried chicken drizzled with a spicy sweet sauce reminiscent of the sauce often paired with Vietnamese spring rolls. The pepper beef was okay. It didn't impress me very much with its flavor. My favorite of the mains was the Mongolian lamb, the spices were on point and the lamb was very tender. The mushrooms chow fun was horribly disappointing, low on mushrooms and tasted like any old chow fun I could get for dirt cheap in Chinatown. But in contrast, the sausage fried rice was great, the poached egg was a delicious and the flavor was super savory from the sausage. Ultimately, I found the dishes a bit hit (tuna tartare spring rolls, oxtail dumplings, Mongolian lamb, and sausage fried rice) or miss (chili chicken, mushroom chow fun), and pricy at that.
I've been wanting to try Buddakhan for a while, and finally got the chance one cold Sunday night recently for dinner. We didn't make reservations, and the wait for a table was over an hour, but there was space in the lounge, so we ate there. The food is surprisingly good - very light/healthy for Chinese food. The vibe is very sexy and dimly lit. Service was a bit slow in the lounge, but it was an otherwise great meal. I would definitely go back for dinner again in the main dining room.
The food here never disappoints, and the setting is lovely. I've been dining here for 8 years and I will continue to do so because with the high quality and flavorful food, combined with the beautiful ambiance and friendly staff , you really can't go wrong
Based on our experience, I can't give Buddakan fewer than 5 stars. It is one sexy joint! We came on a Saturday for an 8 pm reservation and were seated within 5 minutes. Our server was attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu. I noticed some folks saying this is not authentic Chinese food, yada yada. Well I don't think this is meant to be the Chinatown experience here. The food is more like high-end Asian fusion. I thought it was fabulous. We had lobster and crab shiu mai to start. They didn't look like the shiu mai you get at dim sum - this was way prettier and less greasy. Delicious. For the entree, my husband had the beef short ribs on top of some chow fun noodles. The beef simply slipped off the bones - very tender and moist. I had the Singapore Chilli King Crab. Being a Singapore girl, I wouldn't say it was like the chilli crab in Singapore, but the overall flavor was similar and without having that "I'm from Singapore so I should know" bias, it was by itself delicious! I balked at the price initially but when the dish came I was pleasantly surprised by how much crab meat it had! It was not messy to eat either (like real Singapore chilli crab). Really idiot-proof. Dessert was gorgeous and luscious: "Crying Chocolate," a molten chocolate cake with Vietnamese coffee ice cream. If I could say one less-than-positive thing, it's that it is very loud in there with dance/house music. That is just the nature of the place and that is why it is so damn sexy, with beautiful people galore. I'm probably just getting old is all. There is a really long table downstairs that looks amazing for groups, only no one would be able to hear each other much. Anyway, this place is great for date night or a night out on the prowl! Meeeoww!
Came back here for more deliciousness and this place did not disappoint.  I also really appreciate the focus on friendly/great service AND great food.  We had:- Edamame Dumplings- Charred Filet of Beef- Sizzling Short Rib- Wild Mushroom Chow Fun- Wok Tossed Noodles with Prawns- Crying Chocolate- Carrot CakeHonestly, there isn't a thing on here that wasn't outstanding. A foodie like me who likes swanky places - I can't get enough of this place!
Food: 3 starAtmosphere: 5 starWould probably rate it a 4 star if it was a bit less costly. Recommend the chili rock shrimp appetizer. The entrees weren't stellar, tried the beef short rib and the sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp. Neither were very good
Tried to give this place another shot. All I can say is FRIED FRIED FRIED. Why is all the food on this menu fried. The apps were the best --we had Rock Shrimp (fried) and Oxtail dumplings.. which were amazing. Main: Sea Bass (fried) --why would you take an amazing fish and fry it. No where on the menu did it say fried. It was a huge portion, but too much.  Pork (guess what, breaded/fried).  Mushroom noodles --gross, tons of sauce, lacked flavor. Broccoli --prob the best thing besides the dumplings. I really want to love this place but I can't stand not having any healthy menu options --I mean please grill something. Stick to the fancy cocktails and the apps.  The apps are HUGE and super tasty.
Buddakan is one of the few restaurants that never ceases to amaze me.  It is one of the primary restaurants of Stephen Starr's vast restaurant empire. Buddakan rose to fame after its appearance in the first Sex and the City movie, but many have said that it has become overrated.  I whole-heartedly disagree.  Not only is the food delicious,  but the presentation is beautiful.  The food at Buddakan is surely a work of art.  Yes, you will probably pay a hefty price for the Pan-Asian delicacies served at Buddkan, but its worth every penny.  The dishes are intended for sharing.  However, don't you dare compare Buddakan to the likes of Carmine's and Tony's DiNapoli (nothing wrong with those restaurants, they are just not on the same level as Buddakan).As soon as you push through the heavy doors of Buddakan, you can feel its power.  Dark, yet romantic décor covers the restaurant.  If you're a fan of Sex and the City, you'll definitely feel the extravagant vibe that Carrie and John felt upon entering their engagement party. Basically everything at Buddakan is amazing.  To name a few:Appetizers-sesame shrimp toast, the lobster egg rolls, edamame dumplings (if you have not had these, you have not lived)I'm actually usually too full by the time I get to the entree, but the charred filet of beef is phenomenal and the lobster fried rice is super addicting (how do you stop eating it?).The dessert are beyond creative.  The pumpkin cheese is the perfect combo of pumpkin spices and creamy cheesecake. The "crying chocolate" will make you cry, of happiness.
A great experience as long as you don't have to interact with the pretentious wanna-be's who occupy the hostess stands. Have been coming here for years and this is ALWAYS how it is. Management needs to step in and address this issue. Two stars because this issue is bigger than a "good" edamame dumpling.
This place is quite the experience. Came here for my boyfriends birthday and it was a good time. Starting with appetizers we order the pork pot stickers, oxtail dumpling, king crab and lobster Sui Mai, general tso, and one more thing I can't really remember but all 4 were absolutely delicious. The oxtail dumpling is a must try for sure though. Next we order for our main course the shrimp and lobster chow fun, lobster fried rice, crab sticky rice, broken chili chicken, lamb, chops and, beef with chow fun. For 4 people that was a good amount of food. We all left quite satisfied. The pricing for the restaurant is expensive but the service is outstanding. They changed our plates regularly, refilled our water often, checked up on us. If it wasn't for the price I would definitely come here more often.
Buddakan is NOT Chinese. It is NOT Thai. It is NOT American. It's Asian fusion done rightSo many fusion places just simply add Asian condiments to everyday food materials. I'm sorry but that just tastes like steamed broccoli with heavy, overwhelming gravies dumped on top. Asian fusion has been waiting for a place that truely speaks to the potential of the fusion category and Buddakan has done just that Like other Yelpers have said, definitely try the edamame dumplings. I also really loved the stir fried eggplant with dried (unsweetened) pineapples.  the lobster fried rice that day was really dry though... Had an awesome time dining in the grandiose venue.
The hype is right, it's delicious and chic. I couldn't help but think SATC when I saw the long table in the middle. And we were sat right next to it! They break it up into 2 large parties, if you don't have 40 people to fit the whole thing. My husband and I arrived around 10p on a Sunday, after an event down the street. I made a quick reservation on my yelp app (for 10:30p), just to be sure there wouldn't be a long wait. There wasn't, we showed up a little early , sat for a couple minutes in the lounge, then were seated. The food was so, so good. I was skeptical, since big names or 'popular' restuarants can sometimes be all hype, but this was not so. We ordered the sea bass, peking duck fried rice, bobo platter, and side of steamed broccoli. It was all amazing. The sea bass was lightly fried , and presented beautifully on the fried whole fish skin...tail and all!Bobo platter was our appetizer..perfect mix of spring rolls, ribs, and some puffy mushrooms i think?? Everything tasted great, the Kirin was ice cold, and we enjoyed every bite. I will definitely come back for dinner when visiting!
Best restaurant of its kind in the area.  Try the Rock Shrimp.If you're looking to get in an out, let them know you're planning to see a show, they make sure to get you in and out, asap!Get drinks menu, in the heart of the meat packing district.
Had an amazing experience. Absolutely loved the ambience. Sexy romantic and cool. The food I would give four and a half stars but overall I had to make it five.We ordered the, hoisin glazed pork belly (good),  chilli rock shrimp (amazing),  scallion pancakes with short rib(ok) boneless spare ribs. For dessert we ordered crying chocolate cake. The way it was presented and the cake itself with the gooey inside and crisp outside was delicious but I would have preferred some other ice-cream other than coffee.
BEST PLACE AND DINNER EVER! The ambiance, the food, the energy- this is the place to be!Food was spectacular- great for sharing. LOVE IT!!!!!!!!
Food was delicious the service was great. I expected the scenery to be like Buddakan in Atlantic City but overall was happy with food and service
Great place if you are looking to dine for ambience and attentive service. The food is flavorful and fresh. My only qualms were the hefty price and the noise can be bit excessive. Definitely try the Banana Bread Ice Cream dessert!
Very fun place. Balcony tables are cool with a view from above on the dining room below. The food is delicious. They don't rush you. Had a great girls night out with lots of apps and drinks. Would defiantly recommend. It's across the street from Tao, which is louder. This place is far more of a New Yorker crowd, not as many tourists (but plenty) and you can hear each other at the table!
I were here with 2 others a good while ago, and we ordered a lot of food. Don't remember all the details but remember enough for a long review (good sign I guess.)Personally got the Fate: St. germain elderflower liqueur, pineapple, prosecco, was sweet but not too sweet. Good kick of alcohol. I'd recommend it. 4.0Good but pricy beer menu (but adequate)I'll order it by review, not by what came out first (I believe it was the tartare with the pancakes coming out last though.)Appetizers: I think I'm missing a dish but I might not have tried it (cantonense spring rolls?)General Tso Dumpling: Solid but I find General to be Tso and Tso (I got through the pun, time for the review.) Chicken was good and the dumpliing texture was fine. 3.8 Edaname Dumpling: I can see why these got famous, though it does remind me of a mung bean based dumpling I have had before but with a much better texture. 4.1Tuna Tartare Spring Roll-Crispy Shallot, Ponzu: Excellent. Had a little bit of spice. Nice take on the spring roll concept but with a refreshing inside. Spring roll wasn't super bready so it was refreshing. 4.2Scallion Pancakes-Braised Beef Short Rib, Green Apple: So rich I would personally add a few more green apple slices to counterack how sweet/rich the meat is. Maybe a kick of spice also? 4.3Mains:Vegetable Rice-Coconut Curry Foam: Coconut foam had good flavor but the rice was OK. I am generally not a fan of this style of rice anyway but I would say the flavor was one-dimensional. I think it needed a bit more foam to take away from some of the fattynes of the rice (it's odd how the rice was like this, even though it was vegetarian, cooked in chicken fat?.)  This was the one dish we didn't finish (out of taste, not being full [fullness?]). 3.3Glazed: Alaskan Black Cod: They thought it was excellent. For cod, I liked it, a lot. Black beans were excellent also. 3.8Szechuan Dan Dan Noodles-Chili, Lamb, Pickled Radish. They had just added this dish which I was pretty happy about (always a fan of Dandan Mein...ALWAYS.) Portion was huge and there was definitely a good hit of spice (ahh Szechuan chili oil.) Lamb was slighty chewy but not overly so or in an offputting way. I would have added a bit much radish to it. 4.3.Sizzling Short Rib mushroom chow fun, asian pear. Besh dish of the night by far. There seemed to be some type of candy-ish topping for the short rib (could have been a bit less sweet, solo complain.) Needed a bit more pair, siilarly to the previous short rib dish. Chow fun was excellent, noodles had the proper texture. 4.6Desserts: None (mostly chocolate which isn't me.) Complain if you want to.If I was here alone, I'd get the dan dan and the scallion pancake and I'd be happy and with leftovers or the short ribs alone.Service:The guy serving us was really pleasant and had good suggestions. If I had the name with me still, I'd list it in this review. For the number of tables he was serving, he did an excellent job. 4.6Totals:Food alone:  3.8 + 4.1 + 4.2 + 4.3 + 3.3 + 3.8 +  4.3 + 4.64.08/5With the drink4.0444 (etc.)/5With service4.10/5Solid food, but quite pricy. Place is huge but wasn't too loud.
This place made me a foodie.The entrees are not where it' at though. I stick with the dim sum and appetizers.Everything on the dim sum menu rocks my world... although I do have to admit that the edamame dumplings weren't that exciting to me the first time around. I agree with other yelpers that it did remind me of mashed potato dumplings HOWEVER don't give up on them yet. I had them a second time and all of a sudden it made sense! The inside was so luxuriously creamy that it went beyond mashed potato and into a creamy dream. I'm not sure if they weren't made right the first time or if I needed to learn the magical ways of the edamame dumpling but I assure you... they are worth a second chance! They change the menu around but last time I ate there they had the jade shrimp dumplings... perfection! They are steamed, light, and juicy.Tuna tartar egg rolls are so rich that I recommend sharing the app with others although I will say that the concept of a tuna tartar egg roll is genius. The crispy crunchy outside is in every bite as opposed to the traditional crunchy garnish of other tartars.The spicy rock shrimp: again very rich and thus good to share. I love the micro cilantro that they used to garnish... it adds a really fresh note to the mix.Pecking duck salad... oh how I love thee. I can't tell you how many times I've eaten this salad. The frisee is dressed perfectly with a light citrus vinegarette and topped with a creamy poached egg and perfectly cooked duck. So perfect. Words just can't.The fried rice options are all fine but nothing to write home about: The veggie fried rice has a fun peanut foam that kicks up the flavor level a bit.The noodles are a better bet in the flavor department: The wild mushroom chow fun is a solid noodle dish. The cocktails are WOW. They taste great and pack a punch. The Charm and Tranquility have been around the longest. I prefer the tranquility to the charm personally.Service: let's just say that I can see myself being friends with the servers here. They are personable, friendly, and professional.Decor: ok ok it is a bit much. BUT how many times to do you look around your drab apartment and think OMG I NEED to get out of this house it looks like a crazy person's house... The decor at Buddakan takes you away. Maybe to a different kind of crazy... like the mansion of an eccentric Chinese emperor who designed his home in the shape of an outrageously dark maze... none the less, it wows. And I bet it looks better than the apartment you got going on.Word to the wise: do not go here on a weekend night!! Try Sunday or Monday.
Ambiance is sexy. Great crowd. The drinks were fantastic, as was the food. Get the edamame dumplings to start- they were delicious! I had the Broken Chili Chicken- loved it! Definitely check this place out.
Wanted to check this place out because it looked sexy ;)Decor wise, it's pretty and interesting. We were in the sexy library. It's more across the table seating kind of place, no same side sitting, and close to other tables. Server was friendly, and I enjoyed the crystal. Food wise, it's ok. I tried a bite of everything, but felt like id had 100 bites! It's heavy type of food. Flavor and texture is just ok. Best thing was edemame dumplings. PS: Probably won't go back to eat, but maybe good 4 drinks upstairs in lounge. I did enjoy the sexy design of all the different rooms.
This place is totally rock star..... Super hip, cool, trendy, but not douchie.... Dress cool... Guys in nice shirts and jeans or slacks, ladies in hot dresses and heels. Food is fantastic. King crab sticky rice and duck fried rice were delicious. Kung pao monk fish is a signature item and not to be missed. If you are in NY on a visit or live here and want to impress your friends or out of town guests, you won't miss by choosing Buddakan.
The environment and workers were great. Make sure you have reservations. When you first walk in, they greet you and have you wait at their lounge/bar. We ordered their specialty drinks. I recommend the Benevolence, it's a tangy watermelon drink. Once we got seated, we were already greeted by our server. All the workers are welcoming and assist you as needed. We would ask the server what he recommends, and he was very helpful. We had the double tuna tartare for appetizer, peking duck, and chinese sausage fried rice. All were exceptional. I highly recommend this place if you're in the mood for asian food.
Pretty good.You feel like you're at a fancy high end bar and restaurant, which you are. Great service from the beginning to end, always packed with people. Rhey only serve dinner. The main downstairs room is the most luxurious fancy room I've ever seen before with beautiful chandeliers and even more gorgeous candles that serve as the centerpieces on the tables. Apparently, Sex and the City filmed their movie in that room! Way cool. I've tried some of their dishes and it's pretty good! I loved the duck fried rice, the hoisin pork belly buns, broken chili chicken, peanut noodles, the pear sorbet and a bunch of other menu items!Most people come here from out of town or for their birthday. Definitely try it once in your life! You won't regret being treated like royalty for one night :)
Such a fun and vibrant place. I chose to have my birthday dinner here in the main dining room of course since it is Sex in the City worthy I thought why not feel extra special on my birthday in a grand way.I specifically requested to be seated in the Main dining area and was happy I waited.We began with the Bo Bo Plate ( Tuna Spring Rolls, Sesame Spring Rolls)Since the eating is designed for sharing we ordered an array of different dishes:The Lobster Fried Rice- Awwwwwsome little  lobster chunks and other spices that just are delightful. You have to try it to see why I am speechless about specifics but know I would have it again and again.Chinese Sausage Fried Rice-  A classic with an egg sunny sideThe Duck Soup- Very saturated and a little too much to eat in one sittingThe Roast Duck Noodles were delicious. Dessert:The Tofu Cheesecake was such a pleasant surprise. So soft and delectable. The serving size is pretty large so get ready to share.The Bread Pudding is also darn good. I tell you I was almost about to burst. I felt like the whole experience from  the Hostess' to Table waiters and throughout dinner the multiple table service was an example of how it feels to constantly be catered to. I felt that the candle wax was a bit much as it cascaded down the candle holders. The waiter had to constantly take wax off the table.Love this place and will definitely go back again and again!
Dined here for my friends birthday. We were a party of 8, and we had a blast. The food was delicious, and the service was amazing. Definitely going back!
i went here for my birthday  i had such a amazing time! the food was delicious the staff was very friendly the drinks were okay i expected better but overall i had a beautiful night. good vibes
Great drinks,  awesome bartenders,  nice atmosphere and food is delish.Will be back Saturday. Note* bar gets crowded around 10/11 on saturday you might want to get there early and grab a seat or, as an alternate, do the lounge/dinner
They had a good DJ on the Saturday night that I went! Drinks are okay but the food is spectacular!
Great food! Amazing presentation! I love everything about this place. Don't fall for the dress code. I had on all black (black t-shirt, black jeans and a black sweater) no problem getting in. Great experience!
Sexy. Hip. Swank. Oh, and the food was excellent too. We had no reservation so the walk-in wait time was about an hour on a Tuesday night. But, the bar area had a bunch of shared/small tables that are first come, first served, so that shortened our wait time quite bit. The service was fine, although our server initially seemed a bit awkward but I think that's just how he is.We had the oxtail dumplings, tuna tartare egg rolls, walnut prawns, and short rib noodles, and of course, chocolate dessert! Every dish was fantastic, i can't complain. The best dish was the prawns, which was slight crispy, spicy, and succulent. My least favorite was the short rib noodle which was a bit dry and boring compared to our other dishes but by no means was it a bad dish! I have a great experience at Buddakan!
Where do I even start? A friend brought me here for dinner on a Saturday and the staff and service is attentive and friendly (esp that they gave such a nice dessert plate for my birthday), ambiance is incredible, and the place is rocking!Food-wise, It's delicious and orgasmic! I recommend the Edamame Dumplings and Pork Belly! You cannot not have that, okay?
Another great dinner at Buddakan! We had reservations at 6:30 p.m. and were promptly seated at 6:35 p.m. We were escorted down the fabulous staircase and taken to the back room where there are about fifteen tables and a bar. We started out with the Chili Rock Shrimp and the Scallion Pancakes. At first we thought the wrong order had been brought to our table because it looked a little different; however, the waitress explained they changed up some of the dishes because they just got a new chef. Let me just say......WOW! AMAZING Flavor! Next, came our Filet, Chinese Sausage Fried Rice and Green Beans. All three dishes were DELICIOUS! For dessert, we ordered the Crying Chocolate. Yum! In addition, the chef sent out Bread Pudding to celebrate our anniversary. Out of this world, delicious! Our waitress was fabulous from start to finish! She was very knowledgeable of the menu, always had our drinks filled, and made our experience that much more enjoyable. Kermit, the manager, periodically checked in with us and he was a HOOT. We enjoyed conversing with him and his attentiveness as well.
Great ambience, food and desserts. They have different dining rooms with different themes. dessert cake - crying chocolate was the best!
My gentleman caller brought me here to celebrate my birthday and I am highly pleased. The decor and ambiance is beautiful. The food was pure perfection!! For our appetizers we had the oxtail dumplings and lobster spring roll. The dumplings were very tender and full of flavor. The lobster spring roll had a nice taste as well. For my main plate I had Mongolian lamb chops cooked medium well. It was soooo delicious!!! Highly recommended. Lastly my partner had lemon chicken and he enjoyed his dish. We shared a bowl of vegetable fried rice that came with a nice coconut foam. It was flavorful and light which I enjoyed. This is a memorable birthday and I absolutely must come back here.
I was in the city for one night on a quick work trip and was recommended to go to Buddakan by a friend. It was easy to set up a reservation through Opentable. We were running a few minutes behind due to traffic but they hold your reservation for 15 minutes so luckily we got there just in time. Everything about this place says trendy NY. Nice ambiance, and it was pretty packed on a Wednesday night. The food and service were good, but nothing was an absolute wow for me (which is why I'm not giving it 5 stars). I enjoyed my dinner and would probably recommend it, but would I go back again? Probably not.
I have heard so many great things about this place and honestly I was so disappointed with everything! First it was incredibly hard to find reservations and finally after months, they were able to accommodate us.The menu is very slim and pricy. We asked our server for some recommendations and she did. We ordered the adamame dumplings which was highly recommended but they were so overrated save your self money and don't get them. The spicy shrimps were 2/10 at best. The best was the generals dumplings with we're amazing and must try. We got the pulled chicken and spicy fish and Mongolian lamb chop. The meat was tender and was about 7/10. I mean the service was great and no questions about the ambience but that's all you're paying for. The food is below average at best. Save yourself money and check out Tao or spice market both of which are amazing, cheaper and food is ten times better than buddhakan.
This place is magical!  The décor is breathtaking and the atmosphere is super trendy.  You want to dress up here.  It is definitely not a place for flip-flops and baseball caps.  Dress Code on their site: Downtown chic, fun, hip.  You will see a ton of folks taking pictures inside, as every corner of this place is stunning!We made reservation days in advance.  This place fills up and I am pretty sure the chances of getting in the same, or the next day are pretty slim.  I would suggest if you really want to get in and experience this place, plan in advance.The wait can be long even with a reservation.  We had to wait 30 minutes or so with a reservation.  Can't complain because all you do is take in how gorgeous everything around you is.  Food was amazing.  The dumplings in particular are to die for and the dessert (Chocolate Pistachio Cremosa) was like no dessert I have ever had.  One last thing, I would not recommend bringing young children here.  We had dinner, so I can tell you that it does get dark and loud in there.  We did not have our kid with us, but I can tell you as a mom, this could be a concern.  So, if you have really little ones, bare that in mind and leave them at home ;)
My girlfriend and I ate here last night, and there was not a single thing I put in my mouth that I did not enjoy. We had the BOBO PLATE appetizer sampler, which includes 2 types of spring rolls, a braised short rib, sesame shrimp toast (interesting, but so amazing), and vegetable dumplings. I had the GINGER LOBSTER entree, and my girlfriend had the MONKFISH. Both entree portions were very large, and although we were not initially informed, I believe the entrees may be portioned for sharing. We also had the MUSHROOM CHOW FUN, which was delicious! For dessert we had their signature chocolate dish - one of the best plated dessert dishes I've ever seen and one of the best tasting desserts I've ever had. Prices were very fair for this quality of fare. After tax  tip, our meal was around $250, and we also had 3 drinks apiece. The service was top notch! I would definitely recommend Buddakan to anyone looking for a nice date spot with a romantic, hip, and eccentric vibe.
What a phenomenal experience from the moment you walk into this dark and mysterious kingdom of culinary delights! Our waiter was extremely attentive and recommended a few gluten free and very tasty fish dishes. We had huge prawns then this amazingly tender chicken dish plus greens and lobster, which was $40 but very generous and outstanding!!! Dessert was sorbet, of course, and very exotic almond milk and apricot with candied apricots on the sideMagnificent!!!!
I love love love this place! The Dim Sum Set for two is very unique and the lamb chops are tender and far from being dry! I also recommend the cod and the lobster fried rice!
Loved, loved, loved this restaurant. Went on a Wednesday night and it was packed. Only waited about 5 mins since i have made reservation in advance, def advice to make reservation so you can cut off the wait time. The food,decor,service were all great! Was surprise on how big the restaurant is and it was still full on a regular Wednesday night. Price is good for the amount of food that you will get. Definitely would go back.
nyc, best in towndin sum tasting for 2-  sampler but switched out the something for edamame dumplings... 10general chicken dumplings 10ice tea 10
Food was amazing. classy pricey Chinese food with almost lobster everything. one bad thing was the wait. Booked for 10 pm. got there at 9:45pm and finally got a seat at 10:45pm. Was a bit annoyed but our server was really nice. we ordered lobster siew Mai ; Peking duck ; lobster noodles ; sticky rice with crabs and a slamming caramel toast. soooooo good!the atmosphere and scene is very upscale.
went Saturday 8/29/2015 and this place was fantastic!! The food was amazing, never tried Asian Fusion before but it was my friends bday and she picked the place. Our waitress was fantastic, can't Remember her name but she was Australian and nice and talkative. They brought out something for my friends bday and it was so sweet they did it. Would go back and recommend it 115%!!
A quintessential NYC experience. From the trendy wait staff to the fit out. It all works seamlessly and effortlessly. And to top it all off the food is outstanding. We were in a group of 10 and had banquet B. The quality and quantity was unbelievable with some of the best food ever.  The crispy sweet chilli prawns and edamame wontons were standouts. The Peking duck was comparable to those that you find in China. We will be back and would recommend to others. Whilst not cheap it was worth every dime.
Very cool interior and a place known by many for its exotic dining experience. Everything was good, but I didn't leave blown away by the meal. We had to send the black peppered steak back because it was cold. I get that meat cools quickly but it came out so quickly it was hard to ignore the thought that perhaps it was made accidentally before us and just left at room temperature until someone ordered it. When it did come back, it was steaming hot-just as it should be. The sauce on the steak was nothing to write home about either- it really didn't stand out to me as anything special. The king crab hot pot was delicious soup, I think my favorite part of the meal. Also worth mentioning was the large Peking duck salad which I found quite good. Their food was good, but I'm a little leery to return after the steak incident.
Nice atmosphere, one of the must-have restaurants. This place is so packed we had to wait ~45 minutes for our booked-ahead table..We shared all the below which were absolutely yummy!:The Edamame GyozaTuna tartar spring roll - WOW!!Chilli rock shrimpsLobster fried riceGeneral Tsos dim sumBlack cod - yummy!For dessert we had to try the two popular desserts:Almond bread pudding - very goodCrying chocolate - oh my, it does make you cry!
I enjoyed the atmosphere. The waiter was extremely nice and the food was great. Service was impeccable I would definitely keep coming back
This place was great, hostess and the waiter were very friendly. Food was amazing. I especially love the fact that it was open until 12 since we had just left a concert and no good restaurants were open, glad we tried this one and can't wait to go back!
Best meal I had in NYC. Everything I ate was completely delicious and the mixed drinks were amazing. We stuffed ourselves and didn't regret a bite (even though we'd already had snacks at Chelsea Market next door). The chow fun noodles and the glazed fish dish are the ones I think about most and wish I could order again.
The restaurant itself is gorgeous..very chic atmosphere with the dim lighting, ornate walls, high ceilings etc. Club type music plays throughout the restaurant. I went with a friend and we had a drink in the lounge before we were seated. The bartenders were friendly and attentive, unlike many nyc spots so I was pleasantly surprised. I had the fever (I think it had tequila, pomegranate and jalapeño) which was good but a little pricey (14$). When we were seated we were greeted once by our waiter who said we would need to place our whole order at once and couldn't order an appetizer before deciding on our meal (which I found strange but it is a huge restaurant so I guess that's how they do it). The scallion pancake with beef short rib was really not that great and I wouldn't recommend it. My friend and I split the pork belly with steam buns, sweet and spicy shrimp and lobster fried rice which were very good. The BEST part of the meal was the banana bread pudding. F@#ing amazing. I would go back just for that.Overall service wasn't that great, however one of the managers was very attentive so it kind of made up for our absent waiter. But with the atmosphere and food I would definitely come back here!
Amazing! Every dish was superb and delicious. We met some nasty people in New York, rude and snobby but our waiter was such a treat and so nice! Food was amazing! Cocktails were great too. However - coming from Canada, ordering a house Tequila was $18 US... yikes. But overall - our experience at Buddakan was awesome. Delicious, delicious, delicious!!
I have been coming here for a long time over the past many years! I think it has one of the best decor of New York restaurants. The food is always good but the service is truly hit or miss. It's always buys and I recommend a reservation and also order the general tso dumpling and the lobster egg rolls. Don't get the Dan Dan noodles ! They were gross and I wasn't the only one who thought so. My neighboring table did too. If you take a look at the photo I took of the dining room you may recognize the place from the engagement dinner of the movie Sex In the City. Check it out good place to eat and take a load off.
The food is amazing, I love the crowd and ambiance of the restaurant, the waiters are so professional. Definitely a five star restaurant!
really enjoy this place, food is good and its a lot of fun for a group. The drinks were great and we had a lot of fun trying different dishes and sharing with the table.
The food has drastically improved over the years but the Philadelphia spot is still number one. All the dishes incorporated interesting flavors and the dumplings were awesome. The drinks were pricey at $17. The only caution I have is that they play club music very loud. For such a beautiful dining room and pricey menu, maybe they should take it down a notch so you're not screaming at dinner.
I need to preface this review with first letting everyone know that I have not actually been to this restaurant. This review is based on an experience my wife had at Buddakan after dining there with a large group and it points out the lack of knowledge of the staff rather than quality of food. My wife is allergic to mushrooms. She is very good at notifying the servers of this allergy when we go out to dinner, particularly if we are in a "shared plate" setting. In this case, she immediately notified the server of her mushroom allergy before being served. They pointed to 2 different types of spring rolls on the menu and told her she could eat one type, but not the other. Another member of the staff came out later on and told her the same thing. They specifically told her it was safe to eat the spring rolls she had in front of her. So she ate them. After she had already eaten one, a third member of the staff came out and said "Are you the one with the mushroom allergy, because you cannot eat that they are made with mushroom truffle oil" At this point it was obviously way too late.My wife wound up paying for a meal that ruined her entire night. She chipped in for her part of the bill and had to go back to her hotel room while everyone else enjoyed a night out for a bachelorette party. On the bright side, ingesting the mushrooms only caused her to projectile vomit all night and she did not have to be rushed to the hospital. The ignorance of the staff at Buddakan is inexcusable. Not one, but 2 members of the staff assured her that the food was not made with mushrooms. She spent a lot of money on a meal that made her sick and ruined the rest of her night. She contacted the restaurant and explained the situation. Michele E. got back to her and told her she would call her to discuss the situation. That was on March 28th. Today is April 7th and nobody has called back. They obviously do not care about the fact that they could have killed her. At the very least we would like to have our money refunded to us which is something they should have offered to do immediately. Instead they chose to ignore her. So here I am on Yelp voicing my concerns. Think twice about eating here, particularly if you have a food allergy because the staff has no idea what ingredients go into their food. It makes me wonder how many vegetarians have unknowingly ingested meat in this establishment after being told the food did not have meat in it. They could very easily kill someone with a peanut allergy as well. The outcome of this situation could have been a lot worse, and very well can be for someone else in the future who is not so lucky. Complete and total FAIL.
My husband took me here for my birthday last week. I have always wanted to go, especially since I worked right across the street. It is very dim in the restaurant and the music is a little too loud, but all in all its a great experience. The food is very well prepared,  and I almost couldn't contain myself once I began eating. Very good restaurant for dates.
We had our wedding reception at Buddakan during the day while the restaurant was closed to the pubic in the great room.  All our guests said it was in their top 5 of best meals in their life which is very hard when food is massed produced for a large group.  We did the set menu  and there was so much food that every guest was stuffed and took food to go.  Every dish was incredible, gorgeous and deicious.  The staff was so helpful and friendly and did an amazing job as did Roxanne who organized the reception for us.  They printed us personal menus and the guests could not believe they quantity that was brought out.  For apps, we had edamame dumplings, tuna tartar rolles, lobster egg rolls, boneless spare ribs,  general tso dumplings and my all time favorite hoisin glazed pork belly in steamed bao.. Everything was spot on and beautifually presented.. For entrees, we chose black pepper beef, filet of beef,charred filet of beef, glazed alaskan black cod, peking duck, and broken chili chicken.. as the sides we got dungeness crab sticky rice, minced pork lo mein, and cauliflower stir fry.. you could've cut the filet of beef with a spoon, it was so tender.. we chose almond bread pudding and crying chocolate.. its been 4 months and people still rave to us about the food.. i could not have asked for anything better
Worth every penny!  The atmosphere is amazing and the food is Superb!  Excellent location and right in the middle of Meat Packing and the heart of New York City night life.
This is one of those places that offers more ambiance than it does a great menu. I went for a friend's birthday party and while I definitely enjoyed my time, I know I have had far better food (at varying but overall lower price points).We were a group of 7 that ordered the medium tasting menu and left feeling quite full. I keep pescetarian for the most part and I found that the tasting menu had enough options for me. I had the edamame dumplings (which were great, just like all the reviews on this page say they are), chili rock shrimp (fantastic!!! my new favorite dish to order when I go out to eat Chinese), a sweet sauce glazed cod, and some lobster fried rice. I was less impressed by the dessert, as the flavors were really sharp and my favorite dessert (almond bread pudding), which tasted great, was not true to its description. I would probably come back here but definitely only to get either just dessert or appetizers.
Very sleek design and layout, fun for people watching. I also thought there would be a giant buddha here, but was sadly mistaken. Maybe I'm thinking of Tao (right across the street haha)? Food was not very memorable though. My friend and I shared the Bo Bo plate (eh, were all pretty standard), edamame dumplings (these were bomb!!), lobster fried rice (bland), and the glazed cod. Overpriced for the quality, and service was also a little cold. But you're in meatpacking, so come for the trendy scene - pretty people in a pretty restaurant!
Amazing ambience, food and service!!! You should go there!! For sure you should try the edamame dumplings, don't miss them!!
If you're a fan of the meat packing district then you will like this place from an atmosphere standpoint. It's very trendy and upbeat and sets the mood for the dining experience.I had the general tso's dumplings for appetizers which were absolutely delicious. They were juicy to the point where juice where juice squirted out as I bit into it. I also have the chili pepper chicken for the entree. This too was delicious and had just the right amount of spice. I highly recommended both dishes, but mainly the general tso's dumplings.After the meal we spent some time at the bar (which has a great rum selection) and knocked back a few cocktails. Definitely a fan of this place and have been to the one in AC as well.
Amazing space. If I wrote a review the first time I came with friends they would have got 5 stars. If the first time I came was the most recent time, they would have got 1 star. I'm giving three because I know how much potential they have. Service was passable, but not for a renowned restaurant like this. Plus the direction of food quality seems to be headed down a bad slope. Let's hope they rebound because the food used to be so good. Will try again and hopefully I can update my review for the better.
The food was great, but the desserts were amazing. I would come back just for the desserts.The decor was beautiful with the high ceilings and large hall feel.
I went there for my 30th birthday ...while we did appreciate a corner table as requested I am rating 3 stars for a variety of reasons - from food to service.  We were told on the phone kitchen does close at 11 however we "close " when the last patron leaves. We had 9:45 reservations and more than enough time to order all the food and then continue with the alcohol. Our waitress was polite however we felt rushed towards the end because of a lot of things she did. I have been a waiter and bartender myself so yes I totally understand in closing the tap so your waiter/ waitress can go home however even after we paid the tab she kept coming around so many times to look over our table ...aka please leave my section ...and we didn't understand why we paid and we were finishing the drinks. Also the food was really not impressive. We ordered fried rice and other stuff but honestly both of us were disappointed with the taste. When compared with other similar priced restaurants - tao , spice market (where I had my birthday last year )the food was too ordinary...not exaggerating but both of us felt we have had better food ...same plates. May be our back luck ...but I would not go there again. I would have rated 2 stars but 3 is because drinks were really good ...but how good are drinks if your overall experience is not....
Delicious and inventive food! Favorites included tuna tartar spring rolls, spare ribs appetizer, ox tail and General tso dim sum, miso cod, Peking duck rice and Peking duck. I could have passed on sesame shrimp appetizer.Service was excellent as well.  Overall, pricey but a very memorable meal!
I absolutely love Buddakan !!! Every room has its own unique design and decor. Every single thing we tried was delicious and the drinks are all tasty. The duck was some of the best I've had. Every dish was presented beautifully. The waitstaff was super patient when part of our party was running late. I expected the bill to be much higher than it was based on the quality. Yes it's pricey, but so worth it. I would have gladly paid more. My only gripe is that our server dropped a drink and it spilled on the table. I think the restaurant should have offered us something as a courtesy. However, this is still one of my favorite dining experiences, ever. Definitely a step above Tao...with one exception, the Lychee Martini at Tao is still the best I've had.
AMAZING!! We walked in at 8 and they told us the next available reservation was for 10:30, or we could sit at one of the tables in the lounge. We found a table straight away. The service was seriously refreshing - the best I have had in NYC. The waitress was very helpful and was able to explain to my partner what the vegan options were (there were at least 6 or so). I had the ribs and they were delicious! Buddakan is definitely worth the price - you pay for great service, great food and a great atmosphere. If you can make a booking, then do so, but if not, or if it is a small party, just walk in and try your luck. They are very accomodating. The venue is definitely an eye catcher!! Great Asian fusion food and the presentation is awesome. Will be back for sure!!
This was my first visit to Buddakan and it will deathly not be my last! This restaurant is a diamond in the meatpacking district! I highly recommend this restaurant for any birthday celebrations or romantic get-togethers... It's just perfect! The food was delicious. The service was outstanding from the doorman, reservations desk, lounge area while you wait for your table. And than the server/staffer! The service and the food was just flawless.
Surprise birthday dinner for two.  Immediately overwhelmed just from the reception area.  Since we were early. She suggested us to have a drink at the bar., and someone will come for us. We followed her through an entry way.  Omg. Gorgeous.  Decor. Atmosphere. , the bar location among varieties of chairs n tables.  Were perfectly placed.  The lighting throughout the designated bar area. Epic.  Tables ready. As we walked.  Thinking the area (bar- tables n chairs was the restarant ). Silly rabbit.! Lol she's escorted us down a full length flights of stairs to a beautiful Candle Chandler center piece., with an elegant setting.   Just before seating us. We pass a long dining tables that accommodation could favor 15- 20 people. Looking at the various center pieces with falling wax was  simply.............................  Dinner:  Lamb Chops. Cashews salad. Blueberry Martinis.
If you for whatever reason only end up here for drinks, you must get the edamame dumplings!  Sounds weird, right?  I thought so too, but omgggg they were sooooo yummy, especially with a hint of truffle oil too.  The other dish I really loved was the Peking duck salad.  The atmosphere is neat - dim with low lights and awesomely formed wax candles.  It's a high-end Asian fusion restaurant.  The door to the restaurant is pretty discrete, but once you get in it's like Alice in Wonderland...it's a huge restaurant!  They have two pretty big bar areas and the restaurant expands to upstairs.  The service was pretty good.  I'd go here again when visiting NYC.
I work and live close to Rowland Heights in California, which has an abundance of reasonably priced and tasty Chinese food restaurants.  This is due to the amount of competition between these places and the area's huge Asian population.  As such, overpaying for mediocre Chinese food is not something I frequently do.  Buddakan's 2000+ reviews averaging 4 stars were intriguing and since my group of coworkers couldn't agree on a place to eat at the Chelsea market, we ended up next door eating at the Buddakan bar area, which serves the full menu.Worst dim sum food experience ever.  7-11 in Hawaii has stellar dim sum better than this at $1.75 a tray.  We ordered the edamame dim sum and it tasted like someone chewed up a bunch of peas and put it in a dumpling skin.  No internal seasoning - it had the consistency and near taste of Gerber.  The pour over broth didn't do anything for it.  I think we ordered something that looked and tasted like crock pot brisket in a dumpling.  Also underwhelming.  The crispy cod (~$40) was actually pretty good and so was the pork belly (~$33).  They were served fancy food style - meaning that it was a huge plate for not a lot of food.  The vegetable fried rice cost $10 and looked okay but tasted very bland, which I suppose is alright if you want to dump stuff on it and not eat it on its own.  That's what my coworker did (he poured on the tofu cashew thing he ordered which i did not taste - he said it was just okay).All food got cold fast and came out slowly.  Time from first dish to last dish was close to an hour.  The bar area was extremely busy... So I'll cut some slack for our waitress, who was super sweet.  I was curious about how a place this large could be so busy.  The food really isn't that impressive.  A step above PF Changs, maybe.  We paid close to $160 for Chinese food.  Totally had buyers remorse.
Super hip and trendy spot that also happens to serve some of the best Asian fusion food! Love the edamame dumplings, they are very addictive! Ambience is great with soft warm lighting while music is very bespoke and international, unlike most restaurants that play top 40 radio garbage. Staff is super attentive and professional. The bar tenders are always on point with their drinks! Would come here for any occasion! One of my favorite restaurants in the city!!
Great dinner. Loved the chili rock shrimp appetizer. Shrimp toast was good. Lobster fried rice was yummy but it was hard to top the rock shrimp. Crying chocolate  almond bread pudding deserts were yummers. Also great coffee.
Beautifully decorated! Food is great! Definitely order the alaskan black cod, dungeness crab sticky rice and the chili rock shrimp! We always frequent here while in NYC.
Great atmosphere!Very cool place. Hip and modern. Would highly recommend. Great service.
Amazing drinks, great bar scene, and consistently great food. Try the lychee martini at the bar, grab a spot  one of the large communal tables (you don't need a reservation to sit here, just hover politely until space opens up) order the tuna tartare spring rolls, edamame dumplings,  soup dumplings as starters. The tenderloin  the whole fish are great main courses. Deserts are to die for. One of my favorite restaurants in NY for many years!
Typical Asian Fusion eye-catching decor. However it is an incredibly large space, I'm not sure if it allows for private functions but it would be terrific to host an event here. The service is apt; doesn't ignore you nor does it linger too long. The food is "A-OK" but to be honest between Spice Market, Tao, Macau and the unending list of lavish and oversaturated Asian-Fusion restaurants Buddakan was nothing out of the ordinary.
The place is amazing the service, experience, and food was exactly what I expected. It was extremely busy however well worth the wait.
This place is fannnnncccyyyyy!!!! The moment i walked down the stairs towatds the dining area, all i could say was WOW. My overall experience was great, delicious food, amazing ambience and good service. Since everything is so good about Buddakan, it comes with a $$$$ price :)) We had chili rock shrimp which was divine, tasteful but rich. The dumplings were great, i am a huge fan of dumplings and i could eat them all day. We tried general Tso chicken dumplings and i wish they offered free refills on those but hey thats wishful thinking!! I had a noodle entree with prawns and yet again it tasted amazing. My date had a chicken dish which was a lot quantity wise and was deep fried thus rich. I will definitely go back to try the rest of the menu!!!
Best Chinese food ever? Possibly not but an excellent restaurant and a great spin on some classic dishes.
As a bonafide SATC fan, I couldn't help but host my 21st birthday dinner here. Fabulous time and phenomenal food - literally nothing will disappoint.
One of the most visually beautiful restaurants I've ever been in! The ambiance is spectacular! My dinner companion and I ordered the General Tso's dumplings, the steak with garlic soy sauce, lobster fried rice, and tuna tartar roll. Got the crying chocolate dessert: meh, I've had better desserts at an Applebee's.Visually striking restaurant, but the food was nothing to call home about. Portions are smaller than normal.Would I go here again? Probably not, unless I went with a group of friends and got good pictures by the chandelier tables.
Arrived super late in NYC and got reservations for 11:15pm. Got seated around 11:30. The place was packed, very nice decor, attentive hosts. Ordered the lobster egg rolls and chili rock shrimp for apps then had the deconstructed chili chicken, veggie fried rice and charred broccoli for main. The food was good but I was expecting much more given the high number of positive reviews. Service was very good though. Honestly think that Spice Market just down the street is more creative, better flavors/menu and better value.
How have I not reviewed Buddakan until now!?This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city; it's a great place to take out-of-towners, with its great combination of good food and New Yorky decor.My top picks:- edamame dumplings (must have)- tuna tartare spring rolls- black cod (must have)- filet of beef- sticky riceDivine, divine. Make sure you make a reservation, otherwise it's a crazy wait.
The appetizers were better than the entrees  over priced. I expected better from all that I hear. Not to mention our server had an attitude from just asking a simple question
Barely mediocre. Impressive space, good drinks but the food and service was another story. Service was just TOO much, 'how is everything?' Literally as the first bite of each dish went into your mouth...from multiple members of staff too. Polite enough but a  little bit over 'keen' verging on fake to say the least. Drinks were fine. The food? Boneless ribs - So soGeneral Tso Dumplings - FantasticMonkfish - Poor. And 1 out of the 3 pieces was bad fish. Broccoli - Tasty but pretty cold. Sausage fried rice - clearly reheated. Tao was better, in fact.....dare I say PF Changs is better.  Wouldn't rush back.
The food is incredible and the drinks were delicious. I definitely visit this place whenever I'm in the city.
Everything we tried here was amazing.. Customers service is great.. Ambiance is trendy and elegant. We had practically everything on the menu or at least it felt like it. This place is great for big groups.
I was treated to Buddakan for my birthday. What an evening full of excellent service, attention to detail, and such delicious food!
Best fusion I've ever had. Today I've been craving for some Chinese/ asian food so I had lunch at Szechuan Gourmet. Food was so tasteless. With this disappointment me and my friend came to Buddakan. The food was a wonderful combination with authentic Chinese food with creation. Such as their scallion pancake: the shredded beef on top was really Chinese soy sauce beef stew. Omg it's so good when I think of it I'm drooling again. Their edamame dumplings had truffle oil in it. The taste is so heavenly. Their crab sticky rice is a must try. It reminds me of the cartoon Chuka Ichiban lol
Great restaurant. Excellent location, food, atmosphere/ ambience, drinks, price, crowd, music..everything is outstanding. Servers are professional. Try their Rock Chilli Shrimp..my all time favorite. Reserve in advance to avoid long wait as a walk-in (particularly on the weekends).
Cool place, great service! Went here in a group of 11 and ordered a bunch of apps and drinks. Everyone had a great time, our order was adjusted at our will since the party was so large and we eventually had to cut off ordering, and the staff was friendly. Food was good, apps were tasty and drinks were pretty good too.Would recommend !
The grand ballroom downstairs is the only place worth sitting at this chic/trendy restaurant. If they try to seat you upstairs don't let them...tell them you want to wait for a seat downstairs...they'll just stick you in the bar/lounge thing until a table opens up. That was our fatal error (allowing them to seat us upstairs) and I'm still bitter about it!Also, the Asian-fusion cuisine was good, but nothing mind-blowing.After reading so many positive Yelp reviews about the edamame dumplings I knew I had to order them (against my better judgement; after all, edamame dumplings?!?) and I was right. They're totally ew. Not my bag.The tuna tartar spring rolls, on the other hand, are worth ordering and re-ordering, not only because they're tiny, but also because they're freaking amazeballs!We also tried the kung pao monkfish and the lobster fried rice, both very tasty. But again, nothing Earth-shattering.Just remember my seating tip and you'll be fine.
Absolutely lovely food. Great service. Pricy, but worth it. The waiter gave us great tips on what to order, and he was right :) But a little bit noisy, could have turned the music down a little bit b
Buddakan is a beautifully decorated restaurant with some great dishes and some not-as-great dishes.The Good: The Wild Mushroom Chow Fun is very good, as well as the Carrot Dumplings to share.  I also like the Edamame Dumplings, but if I had to choose, I would say that I favor the Carrot Dumplings.  I also loved the Deviled Tuna Tartare as well as the Spiced Tofu and Cashews.The Okay: Vegetable Rice, Chilled Udon NoodlesThe Bad; Asian Green Stir Fry wasn't great.  It was kind of like a salad that had been thrown into a saute pan and then put on a plate.
Food was great. Our server Ben was amazing super sweet nice and accommodating. Atmosphere is wonderful and very busy which I love. Let's not forget to mention that the restaurant is huge. We had the spring tuna rolls, the black cod, and the shirt red pad Thai. Everything was yummy and spectacular. Cheers.
I love Buddahkan!!!  The food here is delicious!  I recently came for a girls' night and had outstanding food!  Their cocktails are excellent.  I started my night with an amazing cocktail (see photo).  You absolutely must get the black cod; it is the best I have ever had.  In fact, it might be the best piece of fish I have ever tasted.  Perfectly glazed, flaky, and moist.  Amazing.  Other highlights of the meal:  general tso dumplings (can't get enough of them!), short ribs are thick and savory (a tad overcooked but who cares; was yummy), wok tossed noodles with prawns, and greens (they were the least exciting but I needed some veggies).  And the desserts.   Oh the desserts - again, outstanding!!!  Make sure to leave room for dessert!  Not your typical Asian dessert fare.  The chocolate mousse is amazing - get it.  But my absolute favorite is the cremoso - it's literally a party in your mouth.  Okay, time for me to eat there again STAT!!!
Excellent place to bring a large group of friends. The appetizers and entrees are more than  shareable. But the menus don't accurately describe what you're eventually going to get. The website staff is amazing and the drinks are intoxicating.
So I live in NY and got caught into the hype of this place. "Gossip Girl was shot here-"ooooh. I can see why one would want to shoot an episode here, the ambiance is amazing. It is huge on the inside. The outside doesn't look all that, just a big, black box looking thing on the corner of a city block. Now let's move to the important stuff; the food. It was OKAY. Did not meet my expectations. Small portion sizes that'll leave a dent in your wallet. My friend and I ordered the jumbo shrimp (had 5 shrimps) and our other friend ordered the black cod. They all tasted good, but weren't worth the price. You're basically paying for the seating.. 3 entrees, 2 sides, one dessert  tip= $180. You do the math.
The ambiance is cool, the bar is a bit noisy but once you are seated it becomes more intimate and quiet.  The main dining area is gorgeous and they kept some of the ornateness of the old Nabisco Factory that was once there.  Fun Fact:  First Oreo was made here.You will wait about 15 to 20 minutes for your table.  We got a drink and once our table was ready we were taken to our table.  The meal and service was incredible to let you know.  I'm an Asian fusion kind of guy.  Love Koi and Nobu and I think this place may have taken the place.Appetizers*  Spicy Yellowtail Yu Sheng - clean and fresh sashimi style yellow tail dish.  Really great.* Bo Bo Plate - my friend raved about getting this.  I did try one of their boneless spare ribs and it was insane.Mains* Lamb Chops - my friends shared the Lamb Chops and loved it.  I avoid any red meat so I didn't try this* Glazed Alaskan Black Cod - very light dish and the fish is perfectly cooked.  Super impressed* Kung Pao Monkfish - my friend share this dish and I had a bite of it.  Very good with a little bit of kickVegetables - try to avoid carbs at night so didn't do any noodles or rice* Asian Green Stir Fry - kind of disappointed with this dish.  Just kind of blah* Wok Charred Broccoli - very good and I think I ate all of this on my ownCocktails - I really enjoyed the Solid but I'm a bourbon guy.  Service - our server was great and Luke, one of the managers on duty, was such a solid guy.  We wanted to go to a bar afterwards and he not only recommended the bar but got us reservations.  I was floored how nice and accommodating everyone was there.  A must try place when you are in New York.
I've been to the Buddakan in Philly before coming to the NY location. I had already thought that the Philly one was so charming and special, so you can imagine my surprise when I walked in on the night of my birthday and saw how gigantic and dark it was. In a way, it had a charm all on its own, despite it being huge. You walk in and there's a bar with (mostly) people drinking away happy hour or waiting for their table to be called. Then the hostess walks you past the stairs where Carrie in Sex  The City held her dinner rehearsal. BEAUTIFUL room, high ceilings, dark wood. We sat in the back where Stanford and Anthony had their New Year's kiss!The food at Buddakan is family style, and everything we ordered was delicious. I had the sizzling short ribs and a side of vegetable rice - SO good. They also came with a delicious cake in the end to surprise me for my birthday.Overall, the ambiance, decor and food were top notch. This place is perfect for a special occasion.
As most reviewers have said as soon as you walk in the atmosphere and decor is very nice. Not very fancy but very tasteful and trendy. It is the meat packing district so almost everyone is dressed up or at least on the dressier side. We had reservations for 6:15 and were pointed to the lounge area when you can sit and grab a drink while you wait. We probably waited like 5 minutes and were seated towards the back. I like that the tables were separated enough where you didn't hear anyone's conversations and weren't on top of anyone. We each ordered specialty cocktails and were very impressed. Clarity and fate were very delicious. Not super strong and enjoyable. Also tried the Chinese beer. We shared the dim sum platter, edamame dumpling and short rib scallion pancake. The platter was good. You got to try a little bit of  everything. Entrees we ordered lobster fried rice (amazing), duck, minced pork lo mein and the Mongolian lamb chops. Although the lamb chops were good I probably would have been fine without it and maybe another order of the wonderful duck instead. Desserts were so good. Bread pudding, and the coconut lemon one were our favorites. The passion fruit merengue was also good but not as good. The servers were very attentive and polite. Our server was very knowledgeable and polite. She explained everything and made suggestions. Didn't even seem annoyed that we stayed a few minutes after paying our bill. Overall it was just a good time. Didn't even feel like a Sunday night. Definitely recommend this spot. Must try!
Buddakan is Philadelphia-based Starr Restaurants' flagship property.We entered and the long reception desk was staffed with several people. One immediately asked for our name and reservation details, and another inquired as to whether we wanted to check our coats or belongings. We were then escorted to our table by yet another staff member.We sampled the edamame dumplings, pork potstickers, pork belly buns ("bao") to start. All were incredibly tasty but, of those, I liked the edamame dumplings best.That was followed by black pepper beef with crispy bird's nest, kung pao monkfish, and whole peking duck. The beef was in sizable chunks stir-fried in a black pepper sauce with the right amount of kick; and the monkfish came fried in a light batter and served with spicy kung pao sauce. The peking duck was a more traditional preparation, with the mushu pancakes and accompaniments (cucumber sticks, scallions, and hoisin sauce). The duck was wonderful.We also tried several different cocktails, including: Tranquility; Fate; and Solid. All were excellent (though I would caution that some of the drinks were on the sweet side).For dessert, we shared the 'Crying Chocolate', which was a lava cake with a Vietnamese coffee ice cream.Our server was very competent and carried himself professionally without being cold or arrogant.  Our bill was over $300 before tip.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Fan of the Philly Buddakan, so of course wanted to visit the New York one. Had the monk fish and the lamb chops. Yummy. Ordered the vegetable rice as a side and that was just okay, so skip that.The building is beautiful, very dark inside with nice architecture. Oooo sooo sexy. You may walk by the restaurant because the door is very discrete. Our waitress was April and she was cool. Keep this as a date night restaurant fellas, your lady will be impressed.Make a reservation.
This place was super fun and trendy to eat at. I came here for dinner on a Saturday night. The waiting area is so dark, you can't really see anything. But there are tables and benches for you to sit at (and to encourage you to drink). We had a reservation at 7:30pm, but arrived early at 7:15pm. They wouldn't seat us early, but came and got us not too long after 7:30pm.I sat upstairs, but if you want to see downstairs with the big chandeliers, you can just go to the bathroom :)The food and drinks were delicious. I had the Charm and Haze. I actually accidentally spilled half my Charm, but they came pretty quick to clean up my mess. I was secretly hoping they would offer me a free refill seeing as I spilled most of my drink, but they didn't. So I got the Haze instead. It was also good, but much stronger! My friend who can't drink alcohol got 2 of their mocktails, and I think they might have been better than their alcoholic drinks!For appetizers we got the pork belly buns (DEFINITELY recommended), the rock shrimp (good but spicy and a little creamy), and the Cantonese spring rolls (also good and full of meat which is not very common). For entrees, we all split the Alaskan Cod (delicious but small), the short ribs (SOO good and tender), and the chili chicken (which oddly enough tasted better as leftovers to me. Perhaps the chicken was overshadowed by the deliciousness of the cod and the ribs during dinner). We also ordered a side of green beans (very tasty but very spicy) and lobster fried rice (good, but more your typical fried rice with lobster chunks in it). For dessert we ordered the apple bread pudding which as I've said about everything already, was delicious. It's not magnolia pudding style texture, but more like apple pie sort of style, but softer.I would definitely recommend this place and would love to go back myself! The waiter was friendly and good about recommending certain signature dishes and recommending how much food to order. We ended up taking a small take-home box, but it was nice to try so many different things.
Fancy amazing restaurant , decorated in unique style that make it great for any special occasion , also the food is great   the service is excellent, I recommend lobster rice , black pepper beef , Mongolian lamb chop   crispy calamari salad
The vibe and atmosphere is nice. I don't usually eat Chinese/Asian fusion/ (whatever you call it) because I like home cooked style village traditional Chinese food. But my friend wanted to go so we went, I ordered the crab with rice, which was surprisingly very good. It was a pretty good portion. I couldn't finish it, so I took it home and my son had the left over and loved it. I would recommend it and will also be returning.
It's all about the ambiance  with this place , very nice : dark and sultry. Good spot for an intimate dinner . Portions are very small I must say. The entrees come with no sides , hence the small portion. The waiters are attentive , staff is friendly and service is excellent . On special occasions this is a wonderful spot if you're willing to cough off the hefty buck. I went to the one in Atlantic city and like this one better . It's huge .
Incredible ambiance, delicious food! The first time I visited Buddakan I did not know what to expect and I was pleasantly surprised by the trendy decor, cool atmosphere, and amazing food. The first time was definitely the best of all, however I had great experiences there every other time I went. I definitely recommend the Edamame Dumplings!
Extremely elegant Asian-Parisian cocktail lounge and restaurant - incredibly good diverse menu.  Top shelf drinks and dining.  Quite a scene - hipster and well heeled beautiful clientele.
No flavor, no quality, no soul....and when you leave, no money in your wallet!Did you notice that a lot of the people giving Buddakan bad reviews are Asian?  There's a reason.  It's ridiculous that people would go to this overpriced restaurant for Cantonese-style food when you have the best Cantonese Chinatown of the East Coast just 20min away by subway.  I came here for a friend's birthday party, and no other restaurant has ever rubbed me the wrong way.  First, the food.  The food is not bad, per se, but it is mediocre...and tastes worser still because of the knowledge that the same dish with 3x the flavor would cost me 50-100% less in Chinatown.  Did you know you can get 2 whole lobsters, fried with scallions just like at Buddakan, in Chinatown for 20 bucks?  Plus all the portions were small, EVEN IF YOU ASK FOR FAMILY STYLE, which is offered on the menu.  WTF? Who is this made for, birds??  Again, Chinatown will give you family style where the dishes are 2-3 times bigger than this pricy Buddakan crap.  As a 105lb short little Chinese girl, it's seriously not enough food.You're paying for the atmosphere, the trendiness, the douchebaggery (your fellow customers).  People dressed up like it's New Year's Eve.  Hogwarts atmosphere.  I will say, the drinks are good.  If I was forced to go back, it would only be for a drink.It's been over a year since I've been back and I still shake my head at Buddakan.  This is not Chinese food.
Ehhhhh.. if youre looking for a cool scene to take some out of towners too, this is a good spot. If youre a New Yorker, no thanks!This place is all hype and way too big. Service is mediocre ...which you expect in a place so large. Food is ok. You're about the food, service, and feeling like youre not just a table turn, look elsewhere
My favorite restaurant in NYC. Love lay out downstairs. We had 7 people and did 'Menu 2". Let me just say that going with the set menu was definitely the right decision! We were able to try so many different fantastic dishes. There wasn't anything we didn't like. Our server Jack was knowledgeable and answered all of our questions about both food and wine. I will definitely be making it back.
Clearly I ate too much. But for reason. The food was amazing. Pork Belly dumplings, boneless ribs, cauliflower and pork Salad, beef filet, lemon chicken and for desert passion fruit pavelova and crying chocolate. No wonder I can't move. The service was quick. Our waitress tells us that's because they only did about 600 meals that day. Ok! Price was average range. What id expect for such delicious food.  Do yourself a favour and get there!
It really took my breath away being a gal from a small town to get into this place but I have to say KUDOS to Buddakan!I don't have one snarky thing to say.  Our wait-staff was excellent and gave us great recommendations.  Everything he recommended we tried....lobster roll (OMG) so good, the tuna....Oh Tony!  Even the drinks were top shelf.If you are in the area, I want you to make to this place.  It's a great experience and a great DINING experience.  For a foodie like me it's heaven.  Gotta love sushi.
Love. Have been here many times. Very consistent service and food. Some of my favorites are (in no particular order!): edamame dumplings, General Tso's dumplings, scallion short rib pancakes, charred filet of beef, and the cauliflower stir fry. Sitting in the bar area is always entertaining and the service is just as good as being seated. The restaurant is huge so can get a little loud on busy nights.
This might be my most favorite restaurant in all of NYC, maybe even within the US (yeah, I just went there). I was here earlier this year for  my second visit to Buddakan and still crave my meal on a weekly basis. Everything from the ambiance, to the food, to the service is perfection. Definitely make a reservation. Upon entrance, you check in at the front reception and make your way up a few steps to the bar/waiting area, where you will give your name to a lady with a list. Even if you have a reservation, be ready to wait a bit while you enjoy a drink or two and take in the upbeat yet intimate bar scene until one of the hostesses comes by to take you to your table. Food - each dish we tried was creatively prepared and life-changing.  Items you must get: edamame dumplings, szechuan pork dumplings, chili rock shrimp (though it's slightly on the salty side), dungeness crab sticky rice and the garlic lobster. Accompanied by a black bottle of the G sake and you're good to go. Decor - the space is massive and gorgeously  adorned. The street level makes up the top floor, which  -- through large, colorful gated windows -- overlooks a  colossal 2-story dining hall. I've only ever sat on the top floor, but the bottom level looks fun, with a giant dining room table in the middle (SATC movie, anyone?).  The theme is contemporary Asian, so think modern hardwood floors, slate, clean lines, and vibrant colors as far as the interior design. The service is excellent and the vibe is typically New York but not in the obnoxious way. Also, important to note (so you don't make the same mistake I did... twice): they only serve their sake chilled (not hot), which I was initially disappointed by but quickly got over. Overall, dining experiences do not get much better than this.
I'm here right now and it's ehh!!! So much buzz for what???  The food is way too salty.  The food would be perfect with less salt.  I rather go to Morimoto!!!!  Okay I'm back :) Whiskey ice cream with bread pudding equals fabulous!!
I have mixed feelings about this place.  The food was good, but I'm not so sure about the service.I came here with Emaan M., Jaimin S., and co. to celebrate a friend's birthday.First of all, the decor is gorgeous and I loved the dim lighting.  We started off at the bar area which was pretty packed.  Unfortunately I had to wait about 15 minutes to get a glass of seltzer.  We moved downstairs for dinner and had a huge table in the corner.  I thought the table was in a great place because it allowed us to feel like we had some privacy and could be as loud as we wanted without our neighbors getting mad at us.  Ordering food for a large party (12 people) proved to be a little difficult and the waiter wasn't much help in my opinion.  He did however note which options on the menu were truly vegetarian.   Anyway, he did mention that the food would come out as it was ready and would be brought to the middle of the table....but it wasn't.  Unfortunately, in the beginning all the food was brought out to the corner of the table which made it a bit difficult for the other side to get some food.  Anyway, once we all got some food on our plates, I think everyone agreed that the food was delicious.Some of what I remember:Edamame Dumplings - we got an order of these without the broth (it has chicken stock).  These were little pockets filled with pureed edamame deliciousness.  I could have eaten a plate of these and need to figure out how to make these at home asap.Carrot Dumplings - delicious and cute presentation.  Each "carrot" was filled with a lot of  flavor.Vegetable Rice - served with coconut foam.  When it's mixed with the rice it is SO SO good.  The subtle coconut flavors make this a really memorable rice dish.Wild Mushroom Chow Fun - really good, although salty and a bit oily.Black Bean Silken Tofu - decent dishSpiced Tofu  Cashews - pretty goodDesserts were not as memorable as the entrees.  I thought the apple donuts were way to dense.  The crying chocolate was decent though.
What takes so long for me to re-discover Buddakan?!  Was I concerned it is over-hyped?  Was it because of my stereotype about Asian fusion? Was it because my lukewarm experiences of the services before? Maybe all of them. However, my recent two visits to Buddakan refreshes my impressions about Buddakan, especially my bday dinner here on the snow storm day. Yes, that is how strong my will for good food - stronger than snow storm :)The group of six of us arriving around 7 pm for our reservation. We were seated promptly. And the services from beginning to finish were impeccable. Since we had six, we were offered the three options of tasting menu, priced from $65 to $110 per person. We opted for the option 1, $65/pp. Trust me, unless you are starving, there is more than enough food for everyone with option 1. There were about six apps, four entree and 4 desserts. Every single bite was tasty and beautifully presented. Per my memory, for apps, we had:- edamame dumplings. Creamy edamame puree inside a green wrap. Super creamy texture and healthy. This was a crowd pleaser.- chicken soup dumpling. Savory juicy little bun. Another fave of the table.- Cantonese spring rolls. Good but nothing really special- Fried calamari salad. again good, but nothing to write about- Chilled udon salad. This might be the least favorite of the night because it was too sour and icy cold. It was about 10 F outside; who need icy noodle?!For main, we had:-hot and sour scallops. Giant seared sea scallops with woodear mushrooms and celery. The scallops were cooked to perfect, juicy and soft. I still thought about it the second day!- Glazed black cod with chili eggplant, black bean chow fun. Again, beautiful execution and presentation. Light and flavorful.- Sizzling short rib. I usually don't eat red meat. But this little piece of heaven literally melt in your mouth. Scrumptious and juicy. I could taste a little bit five spice from it. Very well seasoned.- Lobster fried rice and chili chicken. I did not taste either. Simply, I was too full and busy talking with friends :/  And I don't like rice ... But they looked really good. Dessert:By this point, all six of us well stuffed our face. But hey, it was my bday so no skipping the cake! And Buddakan made a special bday dessert for me - molten chocolate cake with espresso ice cream and cocoa powder plus a bday cookie with my name on it :) The Dark chocolate fondant was also amazing, especially love the crunchy rice crumbs and pistachios. The citrus sobert and the almond bread puddings were also great, per my friends, thought I did not touch the latter at all. I had to order a dupio and one Americano to wash down the dessert :( I felt I just added two pounds in one night....The wine list also well curated. We got a bottle lovely gruner from Austria for apps, and a well balanced merlot from Wala Walla, WA. Both were perfectly pairing with our dinner.All in all, amazing food and experiences. I would same probably one of the best in the past two years. And of course, I got to share with some of my best friends. Priceless.I shall definitely come back for drinks or special occasions. Or maybe just to please myself :)  Yes, lady, this place is gorgeous and has a club feel. Dress accordingly.
Buddakan rates five stars in my book for great food, great service and great atmosphere!  Since we didn't have a reservation we decided to sit in the lounge and wait for a table.  I really loved the set up in the bar.  There were large tables where large groups could mingle and smaller tables and booths lined up against the wall.  I didn't love the drink menu because a lot of the drinks were too sweet and contained weird ingredients.  My Virtue cocktail with riesling, strawberry, thai basil, aloe vera was ok, but if I returned to Buddakan I would opt to stick with the wine menu. The one redeeming drink on the menu was the Fever cocktail with mezcal, lime, jalapeño, pomegranate (very spicy!).The food was exceptional.  We were a little confused with how much to order for our three top and probably ordered too many appetizers!  We ordered the:Apps:Tuna Tartare Spring Roll: Wow!!! I loved these spring rolls! Raw tuna rolled into a crispy wonton with a spicy wasabi sauce.  These were a huge hit at our table!Scallion Pancakes w/ braised short ribs: So many wonderful flavors!Edamame and truffle potstickers: Our waitress said this was the most popular appetizer, but our table found the mushy center unappealing.Szechuan Pork Dumplings: spicy and very flavorful.Entrees: Charred filet: The perfectly cooked steak came with this amazing buttery mustard sauce.  I must find the recipe for this sauce!!!Kung Pao Monkfish: Spicy, flavorful... the best dish of the night.  I had never had monkfish before, but I would best describe it as poor man's lobster.  So good!!!Cauliflower Stirfry: If you put pork on a vegetable it will taste amazing.  Another spicy dish, but I love spice so I loved this dish.  Dessert:Almond Bread Pudding: even though we were stuffed our waitress convinced us to try this dish.  So glad we did!!!  The bread pudding was covered in bananas and this brown sugar glaze and the most amazing whiskey ice cream.I will most definitely return to Buddakan next time I visit New York!!!
I'm not shy about my love of Buddakan. But I hadn't been there in 5 years so I was worried that my memories might have inflated my perception of the food. Not so! Everything was as good or better than I remember it.So the deal here is that it's family style Asian fusion food. You order a bunch of plate for the table and chow down. I believe our table ordered 2 appetizers and 3 entrees plus desserts. We had a very encouraging waiter. The waitstaff really is very friendly, especially considering how "upscale" this place is. They apologized several times that it was taking awhile for our table (about 10 minutes, but we were having cocktails so it was no big deal). Our waiter said he has been with the restaurant since the day it opened, and he really knew his stuff. He suggested great wines for the ladies to drink, assisted with our menu choices, and even threw in a few sorbet dessert. He was a pro and super friendly. I wish I could remember his name.Food: Definitely order the edamame dumplings. It's like fluffy little clouds of pure deliciousness, and the broth will really put you over the edge. We also had a steak appetizer and holy balls was the sauce that came with it delish. In fact, we loved it so much we kept the little pitcher back to use on our other dishes. The pork was equally as delish, though I found the pork fried rice with a fried egg to be a wee bit salt from the soy sauce. Personal preference I supposed.We also ordered 2 desserts, a szechuan peanut butter tart thing which was basically a spicy butterfinger aka amazeballs. A chocolate mousse with pistachio gelato, which was tasty but I found the mousse to be a bit thick and overpowering IMHO. Again, personal preference. We were also comped a dish of the sorbets which were so full of flavor I wanted to cry. So delicious.All in all, a truly lovely meal and totally worth the birthday splurge. I've never sat in the large open room at the bottom of the stairs, though I imagine it's quite noisy, if you can ask for a seat away from that room I highly recommend it as they are quite intimate and cozy.
Buddakan - why have you disappointed me so?  I was lured in by previous recommendations and Yelp reviews that promised me a fantabulous dinner and you met me with food that doesn't even taste as good as Chinatown's (yet you charge me 5x more).  I was wowed by the high ceiling and the sexy decor, but can you please turn the lights up a little?  I could barely see where I was going.  Shrimp Toast (appetizer), BPeking Duck, BLobster Fried Rice, C+Crying Chocolate Cake, B+The food is served almost immediately upon ordering and everything came at once, which makes me think that it isn't actually made-to-order since every table was filled.  How could they possibly make 6 dishes that fast (and I mean within 10 minutes)?  Portions are definitely small, and not meant for sharing at all.  This is actually rather contradictory to what they tell you about the dishes being meant to share family-style.  You'll definitely need at least one appetizer and an entree per person.  Our entire party literally left hungry after shelling out $40+ per person.  So yes, it's great if you really appreciate the work of a fine interior designer, but this place isn't for the foodie who wants to eat some solidly good food.
I came here on a Sunday night with my bf. We made a reservation and were seated promptly when we arrived. At the end of the night, I left having mixed feelings about this place.GOOD:Service - I've seen some reviews criticizing their service, but thankfully I had no such unpleasant experience. Our server was very nice and attentive to our needs. I also appreciated the fact that she didn't press us to order too much, and that she gave us an honest assessment of how large the portions are for each dish.Venue - The decor and ambiance are great. It has a clubby feel to it, but I still like its super modern and chic decor. Edamame Dumplings - The most interesting dish I got to try today. It's very original, and has such a great, soft texture to it. I highly recommend it to anyone!Crying Chocolate - One of the best molten lava cakes I've ever had! It comes very close to the one I had at Nougatine. I also loved the coffee ice cream that was served on the side.MEDIOCRE:Crab and Lobster Shumai - Just okay in my opinion, but my bf loved it.Pork Buns - It wasn't bad, but I've had better at Ippudo.Lobster Fried Rice - It was decent, and I really liked that they weren't skimpy with the lobster part, but it wasn't anything mind-blowing. BAD:Price - I love the venue, love the service, the food was alright, but... it was WAY overpriced. We ended up paying about $90 total for what was essentially a meal at a glorified PF Chang's. It really doesn't match the quality of their food.Overall, I recommend that you come here at least once, especially if you're showing around your friends from out of the city. It's a very cool venue and the food ranges from mediocre to super awesome. I don't think I will ever return though, since we could have so much better food elsewhere for this price level.
I could never complain about this place. The food is always delicious and fresh. I hate when you go places and sometimes the food is good and sometimes the food is bad; that NEVER happens here. I would highly recommend!
By far one of my best dinning I've ever had. Only lapse side would be the noise level on the upper deck, would drive you insane. My suggestion is to make reservation up front and request being seated downstairs.
Recently my family and I visited New York and we were referred to this restaurant by a friend who lives in the city. What a fantastic recommendation. Our waitress was very friendly and efficient (she told us she was actually an opera singer, but that didn't pay well). The food is an Asian fusion. We ordered more than was recommended as we wanted to try different items, every dish was unique and tasty. The fried rice really stood out.The décor and ambiance fit the theme perfectly.The last comment would be how reasonable the prices were for fine dining in New York.
Shana was our server who was warm and kind and excellence in service. Her recommendation on gin and appetizers were spot on. We sat downstairs in a back room and the sound was good enough. We had lots of apps were excellent !!!!!food fabulous! It's so fun.
The almond bread pudding is to die for.I will come back just to have this! Every day if I could. Amazing!
I came here with my husband and we had a great experience. The food and service were both good. I will definitely come back here again.
One of the best dinners I have had in my life, ever. Just perfection - the ambiance, the drinks, the service, and of course the food. The charred filet was cooked to perfection, it was absolutely heavenly. I cannot say enough good things about this place and it deserves all the rave it gets. I will be stopping here every single time I visit NY in the future.
Loved the service and omg their sea bass out of the world!!! My boyfriend had their dessert once it was cake with some crunchy stuff don't remember but it's his fav. Go here!!!!!! And enjoy the ambiance  food it's worth even one visit.
The food was delicious (with a lot of vegetarian options).  The service was great. However, we had to wait awhile for our table, even though we had a reservation; it was definitely loud; and the atmosphere is very modern and club-like (which is not bad, but not what I was expecting based on some other reviews).
Came here for my boyfriend and I's 10th year anniversary dinner and we loved it. The host sat us in the hall with all the chandeliers and the atmosphere was so grand and romantic. I made reservations through open table and requested if they would write "Happy 10th year anniversary" on our dessert plate and they happily came through! The food was a little pricy but it was worth it for an important celebration.
This is a very elegant restaurant, the food is great,everyone here was very attentive,polite and friendly. its definitely  an experience worth having. I would go back any day.
Went here for my 21st birthday dinner and enjoyed the experience! Fun and trendy atmosphere with interesting decor and a fusion menu. You will definitely need to have reservations for this place. We tried a variety of the dishes but especially enjoyed the drinks. It ended up being a little pricier than I hoped since the dishes were not that big and we had to order a few more than usual. We got two different kinds of dumplings, which were okay, and the peppered steak and a sautéed fish dish both of which we enjoyed.I'm not sure I will be returning as it was one of the those experiences I probably only want to have once. But if you are looking for something somewhat extravagant and different for a special occasion I would recommend Buddakan!
JUDGING BY its facade and decor, Buddakan is a perfect place for ultimate dating experience with your partner. Next time, I'm planning to take Alisha here for our anniversary I was once invited here by a family friend together with his colleagues. We sat for four and had some of the delicious Asian cuisines we tasted so good:Boneless Spare Ribs. Monk Fish. Rock Shrimps.Lobster Fried Rice. Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly. Lobster Egg Rolls.I kept asking for more but, honey, my friend's budget is cut-off. Maybe, next time, Karen?In all fairness the high-ceiling elevates the mood and cozy experience though you can feel that it may seem so crowded. No worries then, if I can find a reservation beforehand so that me and Alisha will have some privacy.
Loved this place. Great Ambience, lots of choices.
Everything is good here. Been here a few times, and love it every time. Service is great and the food is even greater. Bread pudding is a must. And the interior design is just awesome.Large and spacious too. Bathrooms are nice. Definitely a plus for girls haha.
Had to be one of the worst experiences of a high end restaurant I ever had. First let me start by saying the waitress was really nice but that was the only good thing.1. We arrived at 7:30, service was so slow we ended up leaving at 11:30. They also did not bring out all the appetizers all together or the entrees. That's just horrible that they took so long and brought the food piece by piece. Making it look unprofessional and non presentable. 2. The food portions were very very small. The entrees looked like appetizers. I got the filet mignon, which was not cooked correctly it was very raw. The sauce it came with was very bland. They also added some mayo to the side and some chips, which lacked presentation. As I ate the steak, it was disgusting, I never wanted to throw up from eating at a resteraunt. My wife got the Chile king crab, which also lacked flavor. There was not enough salt nor spice on it. We also got a lobster fried rice which tasted like regular rice with a bit of lobster meat. No flavor at all. All of my friends were disappointed with the food, never again buddakan, expect 6-10 more bad reviews from my friends.
Fancy place, good for a date or a corporate dinner. Kinda pricey, and the cocktails don't have that much liquor in them, but I'd say you pay for experience being there.
Beautiful restaurant with great ambiance. With that said, the food was just OK. Nothing special, nothing memorable. Recommend going to Spice Market down the street instead.On the bright side, the cocktails were fantastic.
I've been here twice and it was because my friends' wanted to go for their birthdays which means my treat and they order some of the most expensive things on the menu. At $40 p/person after tips (not including alcohol), I can tell you it was not worth it. I mean how can a restaurant charge $15 for small scallion pancakes ($1-$4 in Chinatown) or $40 for duck ($15-$20 in Chinatown) that doesn't even taste that good? The reason for 2 star is because the food is not $40 per person good. This is probably one of those restaurants that consider themselves "high end" but the fact of the matter is that you'll find its no "high end" material. Certainly better than other high end places "western counterparts" I've been to for food but not for service.A hole in the wall place like 69 Bayard St or even a nice restaurant like Dong Lai judging by it's food is what you would call $40 per person good compared this this joke.
This place was beautiful! Came here for my birthday last week with a few friends. I think we were too busy admiring the place to notice the food (which I didn't think was so spectacular and the portions were kind of small...) the rock chili shrimp was delicious but a little pricey (18$) for the amount. I'd recommend that and the lobster rice. Well that's what you can expect for a beautiful place like this in the city. Our main server was also quite rude, making snide comments after everyone made their order. However, a different server with the bill was a little nicer but sarcastic. We enjoyed the night and were the last guests in the main dining hall so took lots of time taking pictures! I did have their donut dessert which is where my stars go to, that and the place itself!
If you can handle the loud noise since the acoustics of the establishment aren't there, it's a place just to be seen. Don't expect to eat and hear anything that your closest dining partner says...Just accept the fact of where you chose to be
Overpriced, unexciting Chinese food.Stopped by as part of a group of five, and we split a bunch of appetizers, including the edamame dumplings (the best of the dishes I had, fairly unique and had nice flavor), the Szechuan pork dumplings (standard Asian fare but not as tender), the tuna tartare spring roll (interesting idea and fried nicely but not my favorite idea), beef lettuce cups (not terribly exciting), and the chili rock shrimp (a bit too heavily sauced and not as good as some other versions). The entrees we split were the steamed sea bass roll, the monk fish (both okay but unmemorable), the peking duck (pretty ordinary, average tasting duck), and the lobster fried rice (decent but not really much different than regular fried rice with a bit of lobster).Overall, the food is decent, but nothing out of the ordinary, and you're paying up for the lavish environment which makes it probably pretty good for larger groups but not my favorite place to come eat at or a place I'd want to come back to.
Great ambiance, great food, great service! Buddakan definitely delivered on the high yelp reviews it's been given. Came in enjoyed a round at the bar while waiting for a table. After got some recommendations from the waiter. Must try's Pork Belly, Charred Beef a Filet, Crab Sticky Rice, and the Crying Choc Cake. Service was impeccable and loved the atmosphere. Must visit in NYC.
I normally like to mention things like the ambiance, the wonderful staff and the range of food in detail, but although all these being perfect there is only really one thing to say......."CHARED FILET OF BEEF"... it will blow your mind - enough said.
Simply put, Buddakan has the "Wow-Factor." From the moment I walked in, I was amazed by the decor and mere size of the restaurant. The atmosphere felt so sleek and fun, perfect for my recent visit to NYC.I had heard great things about the ambiance of Buddakan, but I was pleased that everything else was just as impressive. My waitress was friendly and informative, knowing the ins and outs of the menu perfectly. Most importantly, the food was delicious! The Edamame Dumplings were some of the most delicious things I have ever tasted (so happy my friend ordered them, I never would have thought to). The ginger crusted lamb chops were another standout. Everything was delicious, but I do feel the dishes lack much creativity. I ordered the Fever drink, honestly nothing too special.Reservations are really difficult to get here, but then again aren't all the best places like that?
The setting is nice. The food was decent. The only dish that stood out was the roast duck. Friendly staff
Excellent food  excellent service! Everything I've ordered was amazing from appetizers to drinks to dessert! Our waitress Erin was amazing.
Great atmosphere.. Waited a while to get a table but its a nice place to just be by the bar and get cool drinks while waiting to be seaten... Its a bit pricey but worth it... The cod was amazing.. The fried rice was yummy... Had a great time.. Looking forward to more yummy food!
Not sure what the hype is with this place. Well this is a great place with great ambience for drink. But we made a reservation at 9 and we only got our table at 950pm on a Wed nite. Ok not a great first impression. Our server definitely suggested to order way more food that what we think we need. And then she did not come back and ask how the food was or anything. And we sudd just got another server altogether. Seriously...... we ordered fried rice - way too dry, the wok noodle - way too soft. The saving grace is the black alaskan cod. That's it! Sorry Buddakan but I won2be going back. Spice Market across the street is so much better.
Service was horrendous.  If it weren't for the ambiance or food, rating would be much lower.  The waitress was so condescending to my mom, who was wondering where her vegetarian meal was (the only one that came after we almost finished our dinner).  We were celebrating my mom's birthday so it was upsetting to see the waitress take such a condescending tone to my parents.  Further, they took almost 30 minutes to seat us.  We didn't mind the wait, it was their attitude that upset us.  They were so disorganized at the door; shocking for a high end restaurant.  Buddakan is supposed to be great; we have been to the Philly location multiple times.  I'm sure even Stephen Starr would be seriously disappointed in the service we witnessed.  In the end, the manager apologized, which helped, and the food was good.  Hoping to see improved service or hopefully even 5-star service the next time we come, if we do come again.
Amazing!!! From the ambiance, to the food you cannot go wrong. I went here for dinner pre-girls night out, sat in the main dining hall, and was not let down. Everything I have tried in the menu was to die for. A few of my favorites were the edamame dumplings, calamari salad, and Mongolian lamb chops. I only had the longevity drink, which is delicious (love lychee!). A little pricy but totally worth it. I'd recommend this for special occasions.restaurant, service and food.. 5 stars!
Had dinner with friends on Chinese New Year eve. Nice decoration and decent food. Was able to get dumplings at the end.
For a chinese fushion, this place was on point with it's food.  Service was slow to start; however, when they came around and took orders everything went smooth and on beat.  The place is very dark if you don't sit in the main dining room (beautiful).
Soaring ceilings and odd religious art adorn this Meatpacking District restaurant. It's best to come here for a holiday party or large shindig, otherwise you'll be disappointed. The food is good enough, the cocktails are strong enough, the music is loud enough that you'll wake up in the morning with little memory of the night before. And maybe that's exactly what you want.
Entrance: Large, impressive door with a small plaque with the name of the restaurant. You walk in, the front desk is on the right side, and the bar is to the left up a couple of stairs. Wait time: I've always had a wait when I come here, around 15 minutes, on top of my reservation (yes, I showed up on time). You wait by the bar/smaller dining room but it gets really crowded, so I always end up bumping into someone- I imagine this gets annoying for those who are sitting and eating in that are. Decor/atmosphere: This is definitely the highlight of my experiences here. Everything is stunning, from the front door to the bar, and especially the grand dining room that's further inside, down the set of stairs. (Remember that scene from the Sex and the City movie??)Drinks: Good. Not the best I've had, but good. Though they could be a bit stronger. Food: It's good, but I've had better. No complaints though. You get served reasonably quickly too. Crowd: I'd say the crowd is mostly 20s-30s, definitely with some older groups and older gentlemen with younger dates! HahOther: Great restaurant. One of the most beautiful I've been to, but I definitely prefer the food at Hakkasan. Great place for a date or private event! (Around $60k to rent the main dining hall. The big table seats 60 I believe. Don't quote me on that though. $10k for a smaller, private room).
First off. The front door to this location is fly. The arrangement inside is cool. Went on a whim and had a wonderful time. Appetizers was yummy, dinner was the bomb! Most of our dishes contained shrimp and lobster and it was deliciousDrinks, I don't know. Had my traditional Heineken. Ambiance was beautiful Overall I had a wonderful time and our waitress AnnMarie was great. Definitely a must go!
Checked in on 10/1/2016.Maybe my bad experience can be attributed to the walk-in section of this trendy restaurant, which is also called the "Lounge".  No reservations are taken for the lounge.  Main dining section gets reserved early, so if you want to dine in to check all the hype, you need to step up your game and reserve a table in advance.  That I did not!  The lounge was overcrowded with people just trying to shout over the really loud music which was playing.  I'm not even sure how they could shout over...the music was so loud.  Cons: slow poor service, small tables (unless you are just 2 or having only drinks), loud, very loud music, food not matching the hype.My dining experience stars with good food.  I did not even like the food.  Here's what we ordered:1) Crispy Cauliflower Lollipops - ok2) Black Dragon Chicken - this was the worst dish out of all we ordered. Very bland, no flavor.3) Chilled Udon Noodles - good.4) Spiced eggplant and Tofu - ok5) Bread pudding - excellent6) Crying chocolate - excellentDesserts saved the night (and the 3 star rating)!  The restaurant is beautifully decorated, but lack of everything else spoiled it for me.
We trekked down here with some very dear friends after a show. The outside was unassuming, but the inside decor was definitely impressive. The incorporation of classic elements to a very modern decor was very sexy. After switching to a bigger table, our server, who was super helpful and knowledgeable, essentially recommended all the dishes that we ended up ordering. All the dumplings, which included the edamame, ox tail, and fois gras/chicken were all very good. The tuna tartare, presented as flautas, were also good. Of the entrees, the miso black cod likely popularized by Nobu definitely stood out, although the Peking duck fried rice and the short ribs were also very good and sizable for sharing. The monkfish and vegetable stir fry were also good, although I thought the greens were a little more bitter than expected. Three of us chocoholics went with the crying chocolate, essentially a lava cake on one end and coffee ice cream on the other, and it did not disappoint. The other two went with the chocolate pistachio cremoso, which was also good, but one thought the cherries were too sour. When I half-jokingly asked if there were nothing specially done for my birthday, our great server quickly apologized that both he and the manager missed it and promptly came back with an extra decorated cake (I think it's the maple bread pudding). This was very classy and definitely did not have to be done, but this is what distinguishes top tier restaurant service from ordinary service. Summary:Decor: 5 starsFood: 4 starsService: 5 starsValue: 5 starsBuddakan was my favorite restaurant when I left Philadelphia. Looks like the sister restaurant is now my favorite restaurant in NYC. You have captured my heart again, Mr. Starr.
So spacious for a New York restaurant! Nice decor. Intimate and ideal for special occasions. Tried few different items from the menu and wnat struck out the most is the glazed black cod. Very flavorful. Highly recommend this place.
Buddakan was my selection to celebrate my birthday, and for the most part did not disappoint. However, in my opinion, a fine dining experience has three crucial elements: The service, atmosphere, and mostly importantly, the food. They have the first two elements completely covered, but the food didn't exactly pass the test.Element 1: the service was 5 out of 5: when I initially called to make the reservation about a month ago, they very friendly and it was a simple process. I found it odd they wanted to my credit card info, but that's neither here nor there. They confirmed with me two days prior to the event and that was smooth as well. As my hotel that I was staying in for the weekend was across the street, I timely arrived at 915, as did two others in my group, the rest arrived late due to parking and/or traffic. The staff was very pleasant and explained when everyone arrived, we would be seated. She kept us informed and was very patient. Finally, when we were taking to our seat, I objected to the seat because it was all the way in the back next to the kitchen. The waitress then summoned over the manager to see what he could do; he was very understanding and worked with me. He allowed me to wait about 15 minutes until a better table made itself available. He came over four or five times as we sat by the bar and kept us abreast of the status of the table. Kudos to the manager for handling the situation fairly and efficiently. Out server was also very thorough, she explained everything in detail, always refilled water, checked on the table and took photographs of us. 5 out of 5.Element 2: the atmosphere was incredible; the front part reminded me of STK with the large crowd and very dim lighting, but with a touch of class. Not saying STK is t classy, but Hopefully you get the point, Lol. Once downstairs it seemed like an upscale banquet hall with chandeliers everywhere. The decor is this place is bar none, and probably the best I have seen. 5 out of 5. Element 3: The food; I guess all things have to come to an end, and this was the downward spiral for me, and a few of my friends. We were a group of 8 and we ordered an assortment of items: dumplings (both chicken and pork) edamame, pepper steak beef, chicken, jasmine rice, broccoli, cod and desserts. As an entree the majority of us went with the pepper steak beef which was ok; it was too spicy and for whatever reason it was cold. Four of us ordered this particular entree, and couldn't understand why it would be cold. The rice was cold as well, and the sauce was just ok. The edamame however was horrid-- we ordered four plates of it, but it was rubbery and had an awkward taste. None of us liked it and it was basically a waste. I didn't try the dumplings but that seemingly went ok for everyone. Lastly, the dessert came and while mine was lackluster (banana pudding) they did include a candle which allowed everyone to sing Happy Birthday. I tried a piece of someone's bread pudding and that too wasn't very good, and it included a small piece of Flan; that was average, but nothing more than that. Another attendee did love her chocolate cake that she ordered, but I didn't try it. Some of the cocktails weren't so great either, but I decided to have one last drink, and it was a great decision. The drink was called Embrace; if you're a cinnamon lover, this is the drink for you, I promise. Overall, this is a beautiful restaurant--great for dates, birthdays, anniversaries, etc. However, I just wish the food could have been better and just been better. We had a wonderful time and I did get to enjoy my 33rd birthday.
The Birthday Girl "Cynthia Z." made a reservation for tonight's dinner celebration. I finally can cross this off my bookmarks. The hostess won't seat anyone unless the whole group is present so we waited in the lounge area. Very spacious restaurant with a dining area downstairs. Upstairs is definitely way sexier than where the hostess seated us like in a library decor. I let our server Alexis know about my food allergies and pointed out to dishes that I couldn't eat. Dim Sum:EDAMAME DUMPLINGS (2)...*Cynthia Z's order*OXTAIL DUMPLINGS (1)...*my order* I imagined that the green apples and jalapeno was in the filling of the oxtail meat but instead it was a garnish but the filling had a lot of oxtail meat Hot:PORK BUNS (1)...*one of my friend's order* I wished that the fatty part of the pork belly was there because that's my favorite partNoodles: CHILLED UDON NOODLES (2)...*Cynthia Z's order* I never seen lime sorbet paired with cold noodles but interestingWOK TOSSED NOODLES WITH PRAWNS (1)...*my friend's order* oops didn't get a picture of hers
When you're traveling on business with your colleagues, finding the perfect place to split tabs, is a HUGE challenge, especially; when you are in New York City!!  Luckily, one of our colleagues is from NY and she knew right away that Buddakan is all about a great and memorable experience.  Their bar serves mean drinks located on the main floor!  I had their SMOKE cocktails which had an infused spicy chipotle which was excellent.  Love the spiciness and smoked flavor all in one. Located on the lower level is their HUMONGOUS communal table where our group of 18 enjoyed our excellent meal! I ordered their Tea Chicken with Choy Sum (Chinese green) and man.... my chicken was so tender and so crispy all in one that it literally, melted in my mouth.  It was really that good. In fact, it's probably the best chicken prepared in TEA that I've had this year!!  All of my colleagues meals were also excellent including their Lobster Egg Rolls, Crab dishes and fish. One cool treat on their menu is they serve "Dim Sum" dishes for dinner, "tapas" style and really, really good!  Man... I will most definitely come back to Buddakan again when I am back to NY for work!Until then, be kind to one another and Cheers! ~ :p
Great restaurant!! Amazing ambience and very good food. We were a group, so tried a variety of items, mostly sea food. The desserts were yum!!
Love it here, dumplings are great, had cauliflower lollipops (amazing), huge space with variety of themed rooms make it seem like a different venue each time.
Can you guys please come to LA?!?! Woooow to the experience we had here. From beginning to end everything was just amazing. Service when we walked in, service at the bar, service when we sat down, and even the service walking out. 5 stars all the way for that. We had made reservations and walked in and let them know that we had arrived. The woman told us that we can wait at the bar and they will come and get us when our reservation is ready. Ordered a few drinks and sure enough they came and grabbed us to seat us. We sat down and our waiter came by with a big smile on her face greeting us and asking if we have been here before. When we told her no she was very helpful in guiding us on how to order and what to order. She recommended some of the best the dishes that they offered and because we were six people she made sure that everything came in six pieces and if it did not she would add extra pieces so everybody would get to try a little of something. Every dish we got tasted delicious! From the edamame dumplings, the rock shrimp, eggplant and tofu dish, mushroom noodles, ox tail dumplings, black codd, steak, and chicken (yes we ordered a lot). Portions aren't that big so you need a few for everyone to fill up. Beauty is, it's family style type. So that was great. Loved my experience here!!
Really is as good as it gets in terms of high quality asian fusion. Just the classics made right with the incorporation of new twists on the old classics. Came here with a party of 6 and our waiter Ben suggested we get the tasting menu (best idea). The entire meal consisted of 16 course each crafted and served in the perfect order from start to finish. There really was nothing to complain about when it came down to the food and service. Everything was perfect. The flavors were spot on. Each dish will put you in awe. If you come with a large group I highly recommend getting the tasting menu (you have 3 to choose from we chose #2). The tasting menu is large and will definitely satisfy! Great service and amazing food. i will be back!
What a spectacular place! We went on a Saturday night without reservations and although it was super busy, we got seating in the bar area.Must try:Edamame DumplingsCauliflower Lollipops This is a great spot to bring out of town guests that really want a fun vibe restaurant. It is a tad on the expensive side, but hey that's New York and it's right next to the Chelsea market.
Went here for my birthday and although I had made a reservation far ahead of time, when we went we still had to wait almost an hour for my table which is ABSURD. I was so angry because I had planned stuff for afterwards but it all got delayed. In terms of food, it's all extremely mediocre. We ordered quite a lot of dishes because we had 8 people but in all honesty I think this place is a glorified P.F. Chang's.  Not worth it all all and the good wasn't good enough to make up for the terrible experience. The decor inside is nice however as it is pretty sleek, modern, and trendy looking. Not worth it though.
Don't understand the hype...Granted, the restaurant is a cool venue with high ceilings and chic deco. People definitely get dressed up to eat at Buddakan. The cocktails were good and the food was decent; I don't think the price tag was justified in the end. Not a single dish stood out to me throughout the night, and my tummy left pretty unsatisfied.If you came here to socialize for a special event like I did with a large party of people, then I'd say give it a try. But if you just want to eat good food, there's a million other places that are more worth your time and money.
This restaurant is amazing! The ambiance is chic, dark, and artsy. The food is delicious, and the service is great! It's a great place to go out for drinks, go out with friends, or go out on a date. It literally serves all purposes. It's also great for people watching. There's a lot of interesting looking people that come through here. I've only been there once, but I will definitely be back again. All the hype about the edamame dumplings and oxtail dumplings are spot on! The edamame dumplings melt in your mouth and are just perfection . The consistency reminded me of mash potatoes and they had great flavor. The oxtail dumplings are to die for! If there's a such thing as a foodgasm, I'm pretty sure I had one! I would literally go back there just for those two dishes. For dinner I had the cod fish and it was very good. It was seasoned just right, and cooked perfectly. I also ordered the lobster fried rice and that was great! For the drinks the waiter recommended the "tranquility" and I wasn't a huge fan. It had a great citrusy taste, but a weird aftertaste that I wasn't a fan of. However, the "fate" was tasty if you like sweet girly drinks like me lol. The service is awesome, but I would expect that considering the cost of the meal. The meal isn't cheap but it's well worth it! After all, I'm a foodie so food is life :-)! So I have no problem paying for a great meal and great time lol. Street parking in the area is a b**** so plan ahead if you want to be cheap and not park in a garage. I got so caught up that I forgot to take pictures of the meal, but next time I go, I promise to update this review with pics.
This is the perfect place to go if you want to enjoy every single bite you eat.Very elegant place to celebrate a special occasion.
I really like the appetizers and the drinks here but the price tag is way toooo high ($15 cocktail?!? Come on) I really like the edamame dumplings! As well as the tartare spring rolls! But the portion is wayyyy tooo smallll to shareThe entree we got werent that impressive. The service was ok and even though we booked the table we had to wait a while in the bar area for our table
So let's start off by saying the food is so good! I booked my reservations for 9:45pm on a Saturday night cuz it was the only time available. I actually arrived late due to busy traffic. They were understanding and allowed me to keep my reservations. This night the place was packed, I waited for a table for 5 for a good 45mins to an hour. When I checked in, the gentleman understood that my full party was not in due to reservations being for 7 but my party was taken down to 5. After waiting 45 mins I asked to speak to a manager, whom I got the pleasure to speak with Amanda. She understood where the confusion was and so did I. I was seated within 5mins. Due to misunderstanding they had treated us to a complementary bubbly and starter dish on the house. ( that was a nice gesture ) .. Now to the good part, food! I'm not into Asian cuisine but it's like there was a twist. Our waiter recommended since it was our first time for all, that whatever everyone orders it should be shared. Being said, the minute the food is done the food comes out. The serving size for each meal, you can say is for one but it seemed like appetizers (if that makes sense). So we did as that. There was so much varieties on the table it's like we got the whole menu lol. My three fav dishes were; The Oxtail Dumplings, Crab Sticky Rice,  Short Rib and Scallion Pancake! I read plenty of reviews on the dumplings and it is a must try. Cocktails. I had the Royal, not so pleased with it. It taste like Champagne and it's not. Another drink on the table was Exhale, I personally didn't like it and my friend was not so thrilled about it neither. Overall experience, really enjoyed myself. Due to arriving late and nearly waiting an hour to be seated, the staff made up for it. Side note: it's a dimmed light spot like everywhere even bathrooms.
Our second visit, this time we decided just to eat and drink in the bar area which is quite big, lots of seating. We had -Pork Buns- great- Cantonese Spring rolls- great- and Pepper beef. All primo.  We choose Wente Cab, ok not great, but passed. Service excellent/ pleasant. The bill with 2 orders of all above 3 glasses of wine- it was close 240.00 so it's great, but very expressive. So unfortunately we can not go as often as I might wish... Looks like Eataly remains best value for food, but it's not a bar place. More on bars then in another review.
Felt very fortunate to get a booking here during my last visit to Manhattan, this was recommended to me by a friend who said you absolutely have to try this place.  I am so glad I did. The ambience  service were great, a little noisy but the food was outstanding. I ordered the Cantonese Spring Rolls; Charred Fillet of Beef  Minced Pork Lo Mein  Buddakhan also offered a complimentary starter - Wasabi Dumplings.  The presentation, combination of flavours was just incredible.  I have adopted this as my new treat dining place on every visit to Manhattan now.
Went there for my birthday with a party of 10... Before we were seated everyone had to be present so we bought drinks in the waiting area by the bar. Once my party was all here, the waiter came and took us downstairs to the dining areas, which is beautifu to say the least. However, I definitely wasn't impressed with the quality or quantity of food for the price of the dishes.... The decor was beautiful got some great pics but no one really cared too much for their food. It was definitely an experience but will I be going back?  Probably not,
Came here with some girlfriends and we all had a great time. Love the decor and ambiance of the place. The food was also very good. The place was packed even for a workday.  Service was excellent.
This was definitely one of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had. The food was out of this world. While you're not getting a really big portion, the flavor is amazing, so I was extremely pleased. We had the cantonese spring rolls, pork buns for appetizers, and for mains we ordered two black dragon chicken and the sweet  crispy jumbo shrimp. The flavor a were absolutely incredible! Again, you're not getting a big portion for your money, it's usually a few pieces per dish, but it's a "sharing" type of restaurant, so every one can try a lot of different things! P,S - Absolutely beautiful interior, you would never guess from the outside!
This is one of my favorite spot to enjoy a great meal and a nice grown up beverage. The staff is very friendly and the ambiance is beautiful. A touch of Thailand, I love it.
I would give 3.5 stars but round up to 4 stars. This place is very good for dating as you can not see each with such a dim light. The food is ok but it seems that the restaurant premade the food and then heat it to cater such a large volume of customers.
The word of the day is labyrinthine..which aptly describes Buddakan. I expected to have to fight off a Minotaur at some point. The place is stunning though, just don't get too drunk or you might not find your way out.The service was on point and friendly. The food was perfection:Truffled edamame dumplingsMake-your-own pork belly bunsPeking duckSpicy chili lamb dan dan noodleschocolate pistachio cremosaI can't give you a highlight as all were greatand the portions- contrary to other reviews- were decent. And I'm a 6'2 220 lb manly man and Ieft more than satisfied. Suprisingly good beer selection, though limited- Liquid Gold, Dupont Saison, Chimay. Icing on the cake- actually getting a parking spot only a block away.
I've been here twice, both times were amazing! Our server the second time was beyond amazing. She explained everything thoroughly and gave excellent recommendations. This was a birthday celebration and this location was perfect. It's a very dressy restaurant with a vibrant atmosphere. I highly recommend the general tso's dumplings. Be warned, it is piping hot in the middle and unless you put the whole thing in your mouth, you might end up with it dripping down your shirt. The tuna tartare spring rolls are also amazing. Good flavor and smooth texture. The Cantonese steamed Sole was very good, but my favorite part personally was the vegetables in the sauce. I ordered the charred fillet of beef. The flavor was good but it was a little tough. The mustard sauce that comes with it is phenomenal. We ordered the lobster fried rice and the vegetable fried rice (one rice was enough for 2 people but there were 3 of us so we had some leftovers). Both were great, but I thought the flavors in the vegetable rice came out more. I had the chocolate pistachio cremoso for dessert and it was delicious. Rich flavors and lots of textures. You can really taste the pistachio and the sweetness of the chocolate is cut with the tartness of the cherries. I'd come here over and over again.
Amazing!  It has been a while since I've been here and it's good to see how fantastic this place still is.  Great ambiance, service, and food is on point. Lobster egg rolls, sausage fried rice and filet were out of this world. Highly recommended!
Very nice place, great ambiance, a lot of seating. Good place for formal / semi formal dinners. Food was also quite good. Chili rock shrimp was really good. We all liked our food
Awesome vibe, cool theatrical ambiance, service tends to be quite friendly and knowledgeable... The food is always interesting and creative.I have eaten at Buddakan a number of times each has always been a wonderful experience with outstanding service, drinks and food.For those that have never eaten there the dishes re truly meant to be shared as most of the menu is appetizers and dim sum dishes (basically Asian tapas)They also have a number of entrees and side dishes as well which run the gamut from seafood such as chilli king crab and lobster with black bean to duck and sizzling short ribs over mushroom fun noodles.The concept is basically Asian fusion, primarily spanning from Cantonese and Japanese style cooking.I enjoy these styles tremendously and typically frequent authentic Cantonese style seafood and dim sum houses quite often.The ideal way of ordering food, especially if you are in a group is start off with a mix of appetizers and dim sum dishes.One of my favorites to get especially if I am there with just my partner is the Bo Bo platter - which comes with two pieces each of shrimp toast, tuna tartar spring rolls, boneless spare ribs, carrot dumplings and a shrimp spring roll.It's an excellent appetizer combination platter and the perfect representative of the various flavors the restaurant offers. It's also and excellent value at $29 considering most appetizers are approx $12 to $15.The shrimp toast is very unique as unlike your run of the mill shrimp toast that are shaped like triangles these are shaped like balls. They taste really good.The spare ribs are excellent, well flavored and very tender. The carrot dumplings are quite unique in terms of shape and color as they are orange, shaped like carrots even with a green stem. The best word to describe this is whimsical or maybe fun. The dumplings are filled with a mix of tasty veggies. Solid.The spring roll is quite delicious. It's wrapped in a thin n crispy traditional fried rice wrap and filled with shrimp and a mix of veggies. Very traditional style, really good.The highlight of the platter hands down are the tuna tartar spring rolls.These rolls are the epitome of what this restaurant is doing in terms of creativity and in fusion.They take pieces of high grade yellow fin tuna mixed in a light siracha style spicy mayo and wrapped in a cold yet crispy fried rice wrapper. They were soooo good that we ordered another additional order of the tuna tartar.We also ordered the rock shrimp tempura as a starter. It's an excellent representation of this tasty and fun to share appetizer which was made famous at Nobu and is now on just about every sushi joint menu.The thing is that most places that offer it almost always never use rock shrimp and either use baby (popcorn) shrimp or cut regular sized shrimp into smaller pieces.It simply isn't the same thing.If you have never had or seen a rock shrimp its actually closer to lobster then shrimp in terms of texture and their sweet flavor. They also have a rock hard shell.The shrimp are just fried to perfection with a light tempura batter and lightly tossed in a delicious spicy mayo.It's easily one of my favorite appetizers from just about any restaurant anywhere.The shrimp ate always cooked to perfection, light, sweet shrimp with the spicy yet not overpowering. It works very well.For our main course we decided to go with the sizzling short ribs over fun noodles.The short ribs were braised to perfection, tender, full complex flavors of depth sitting atop of mushroom fun noodles that are the perfect compliment to the beef.The beef was so tender I began to just pull it with my fork and mixed it up with my noodles.It worked perfectly and suggest it to anyone who loves short ribs, braised meats and fun noodles. Overall it was a phenomenal experience and each has always been better then the last....It should be noted that my very first experience was over three years ago almost to the day for my co workers wife's birthday which happens to be two days after mine.My last experience happened to be last Saturday, which happened to be the day after my bday to celebrate my bday.My first experience was much more in depth as we got to try just about every appetizer and piece of dim sum.Some of my favorites being the general tso chicken soup dumplings - truly a unique app. But may not be for everyone as the flavors can throw ppl off.I personally love the appetizer ESP since I love both general tso chicken n LOVE soup dumplings.Imagine if generals tso had seduced the lovely soup dumpling for an amazing night of relations n your offspring would be the general tso dumplings at buddakan.Overall the food and alcohol are both pricey but extremely outstanding.It is easily one of my favorite restaurants in NYC.Go with friends and splurge!!!
Came here in December with a group of 5 people and ordered from their group tasting menu. We also ordered cocktails then ended up ordering a bottle of wine. The bill was $650 before gratuity. A little pricey but if it's your first time here it is worth being able to taste a bunch of different appetizers, entrees, and desserts. The best part of the meal for me was the delicious short ribs and pistachio ice cream but I expected some of the other dishes to taste better. The service from our waiter was good and the ambiance of the restaurant is wonderful.
As a local resident, this place is overpriced and touristy. But it's an amazing space and a great place to bring an out-of-town friend to give them a cool NYC experience.Keep a phone or a flashlight handy, it's the darkest restaurant I've ever been in. It's easy to get lost or walk into a mirror! Our waiter and servers were wonderful. Our waiter told us he had been with the restaurant from opening day and he was friendly and helpful. The Haze cocktail comes in a martini glass with a vodka-infused lychee garnish, it was smooth, crisp, and strong. We started with appetizers: edamame dumplings - they were amazing, the filling was an unexpected light creamy mashed potato-y texture. We also got the glazed pork belly - succulent and delicious served on a bed of spicy crunchy slaw with steamed buns on the side. The main courses are served family style. Three little lamb chops which were perfect. The red snapper, a very large filet with crispy skin complimented with buttery thin slices of tofu. The green stir fry was good - crunchy greens with pine nuts and toasted garlic. The only thing that wasn't good was the sausage rice with a fried egg on top, the rice was overcooked and not fresh tasting. For dessert we got the crying chocolate tear drop, it's an impressive platter of chocolate drops, coffee ice cream and cookie crumbles leading to a warm chocolate tart with chocolate sauce that spills out when you break into it. We also got the chocolate pistachio cremoso - a bowl filled with of pistachio ice cream, glazed cherries, cookie crumbles and a scoop of chocolate mousse.Overall this a great place to bring people who are looking for a decadent downtown vibe.
DISCLAIMER: If you're cheap or "broke", don't come here. Come prepared to spend at least $150 for two people.I brought my sister here for her 28th birthday and we received nothing but stellar service.We started the evening with a martini called Haze - which contained a lychee fruit and a concoction mixed with vodka (which was pretty amazing). We arrived early because we wanted a chance to have quality time and quality conversations without all the noise.We selected the Bo Bo Plate, Lobster Fried Rice and Sizzling Short Rib. A-MAZING!!!!!! To seal the deal, she received the Crying Chocolate Dish (ganache)... She claimed it was so good, she felt like licking the plate - but didn't want to embarrass me. For that, we can ALL appreciate.The only con I would have to say is that - this place only has three bathroom stalls. SO NOT A GOOD LOOK.
First, one tip for out-of-towners, the restaurant is located near lots of cool shops, the Chelsea Market and the Highline, so the location is perfect for an after-dinner walk.The food is good but over-priced. Because I'm not a New Yorker I won't weigh in on whether the meatpacking district is trendy and hip or douchey and "so yesterday," but you're probably are paying extra because you're in a trendy area where (hopefully) the beautiful people are dining.The restaurant is dark. And I mean dark-side-of-the-moon dark.  It's so dark that I saw multiple people using their smart phones to read the menu. Because I was there with my sister, the lighting seemed silly/pretentious, but if you're at Buddakan on a date you may find the atmospere cozy and romantic.  The interior is certainly impressive, and I expect countless guys have dropped a lot change here trying to impress a date. To sum up:  Buddakan is definitely worth trying once -- whether it makes your list for return visits is up to you.
Trendy and expensive... it's a date place. Low lighting and theatrical service all make for a "Sleep no more" type of experience.The first time I went there was when it opened and then again very recently. The food was nice, not mind blowing, but good enough for a fancy meal out on the town.
Great food, great service, excellent atmosphere, awesome music! We stopped in for drinks and appetizers, but everything we tried was delicious. We tried the lobster fried rice, edamame dumplings, egg rolls with foie gras, and the spicy tofu dish. I would highly recommend the spicy tofu and the edamame dumplings. We will definitely be back to eat dinner, but this is definitely a trendy restaurant. By the time we left (around 7:30pm), we felt very under dressed.
I was craving a bagel and cream cheese the other morning while out in the vicinity of Whitehouse Station, NJ, so I wandered into Bagel Junction.  GREAT DECISION!  Their bagels are great, I had an everything bagel and "everything" was on both the top and bottom, which almost never happens in my experience.  I happen to like sun-dried tomato cream cheese and that was also excellent and one of probably more than a dozen different types of cream cheese in their case, all of which are freshly prepared!  All of that got washed down with a large cup of dark roast coffee.  Bagel Junction hit the spot and more than satisfied my bagel craving that morning!!!!
Great food and great service. Ask for Jack, he will give you a perfect tour of the menu that will have you ordering one of each. And every single dish was delicious. We closed the perfect evening with a passion fruit merengue. What a beautiful presentation and delicious flavors.
Birthday dinner for two. Exceptional service.Great recommendations for entrees. Amazingly delicious foodSexy, intimate decorFab ambiance.Absolutely no complaints whatsoever. Loved every minute of my celebration and dinner!
Awesome place, beautiful ambience, great staff , great food and drinks... My go to restaurant when in the city.
I've gone here twice, very nice ambiance and scenery for birthdays/anniversary celebrations.  Definitely recommend having a reservation for peak hours/nights, otherwise wait in the bar/lounge area until your table opens up, again its a nice social scene.  Lobster egg rolls, dumpling, lobster fried rice, glazed alaskan black cod, black bean scallops, shrimp and lobster chow fun...have had all of these and probably more, we thoroughly enjoyed them while there but cannot pinpoint (in retrospect) which was the best or award winning.  It'll wow you while you are there but its nothing you will crave or write home about, its not bad by any means, pricing is typical for NYC as is their portion size, its just not mouthwatering-will wait for 2 hours-crave at 2am type of food, the ambiance, especially if you sit downstairs is very inviting and adds to your enjoyable dining experience there. You might feel rushed by the staff should you go at peak hours/nights so plan to eat at your own pace and enjoy the night so you get your moneys worth!
Some of the most delicious Asian-fusion cuisine I have ever had.Oh my yum. This is the type of restaurant that makes me wish I lived in NYC. The moment we walked in I could tell we were in for a treat. Beautiful decor accented by perfectly subtle lighting made for a fantastic ambiance. And the smell coming from the kitchen was so divine. Once inside, you couldn't drag me out without a fight. :-)Deciding on a meal was really hard. The menu is huge and everything looked awesome. As always, I made sure to over-order to ensure I could try as many items as possible in one sitting. Seafood was the star of our meal. Delicious crustacean surrounded by oodles of noodles bathed in a sauce that made me want to lick the plate. Lobster egg rolls. Crab with sticky rice. Heaven. Service at Buddakan was very good and our server offered good suggestions for mixed drinks that paired well with our meal. I highly recommend allowing yourself plenty of time to chill out while consuming this amazing cuisine. The restaurant is a work of art in itself and you're going to want to take it all in. I didn't spend any time at the bar but I get the impression that this trendy locale is a place to see and be seen.The cravings have not stopped since my visit and I can't wait to go back and enjoy this gem again.
Came here for my birthday for the first time . Always  heard about this spot and have wanted to try it out. The entrance from the outside throws you off at first , but then you step inside and you know right away it's a trendy place. Had a cocktail at the bar. Can't remember the name but it was good. Loved the dim lighting and service. The food was ok. I ordered like the Alaskan black cod with a lobster fried rice. The waiter was very attentive and on point.  Loved the service and drinks . I'll definently come back to give it another try.
There is not much left to be said about Buddakan that hasn't already been said. Came here for my birthday dinner with my girlfriends. Service was phenomenal, drinks delicious, and food plentiful and tastey. The rock shrimp was the best I've ever had. Great atmosphere, will keep it in mind for special occasions !
Amazing decor, good Asian fusion food and cocktails. Service was good but a little long. Good experience overall.To give 5 stars, I would have expected an extra mile of service and food quality ;-)
This is one of the best dining experiences I have had in a long time.  We arrived early, I thought our res was 7:00, but it was for 8:00. The hostess brought us over an app while we waited, I told her I was gluten free, she comes back in 10 minutes with a delicious tuna dish. Then we sat at our table and they had 2 glasses of champagne waiting for us, we were celebrating our anniversary. Our waiter was amazing and super knowledgeable about the menu, told me everything I could eat that was gluten free.  The food was absolutely amazing and then they brought out a gluten free desser that was really awesome with candels on it!!I give this place 2 thumbs up!!!! Can't wait to come back to New York to eat here again!!!!
MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN NYC ... Hands down, if your looking for a classy sexy place to dine with WONDERFUL appetizers and entrees go here. All of their rice is super good, I eat the chilli king crab, braised beef on the pancake, lobster egg roll, rock shrimp, OMG THE GENERAL TSO DUMPLINGS  so good.  Go with rich people (unlike me) so you can try everything and melt every time.
I was far from impressed with their lobster fried rice. When it came out within 5 minutes of ordering, anyone's gotta be suspicious of a microwaved entree.. Sure enough, it was below average on taste. I then switched out to the chinese sausage fried rice, which did take a good 15-20 minutes to come out.  Although it was slightly better than the lobster fried rice, the sausage rice had been drowned in so much soy sauce that despite having drank tons of water, I was still thirsty the remainder of the evening.So why am I not giving this a 2-star review? 2 words: E-D-A-M-A-M-E dumplings! Hands down the best dish I've had this entire NYC trip. The ground-up edamame inside the dumpling was heaven! I recommend you get 2 of these dishes per person if you can help it. (It is THAT good! I also sipped-up the broth from the plate on which the dumplings were served.)Equally impressive was the ambiance/decor of this restaurant. Aside from stuffed birds winking at you ( I sat near the top ledge, which displayed cabinets of our feathered friends), my table also overlooked the very long table below, which was a very nice touch.
On a recent visit to NYC for a birthday celebration we decided to finally give Buddakan a try. I can't tell you how many times I've heard people rave about this place. I'm happy to report that we had a lovely evening, but I don't know if it is necessarily worth the hype.First of all, the interior and decor is amazing. I love the openness and the feeling like you are almost underground. It is very smooth. I didn't enjoy that on a Saturday early evening every single person that was seated was literally seated right next to each other in one section. Right in front of the space they bring the dirty dishes. It felt like the entire restaurant was empty except right near us. It felt weird.Unfortunately we also got stuck with a bum server. It took him forever to finally come speak to us and it felt rushed talking with him. I overheard him speaking to other groups around us, because we were all right on top of each other, and he was just really condescending with every question they asked. The food was hit or miss. Mostly hits though! Some standouts for us were the pot stickers, tuna tartare spring rolls, fried rice, and scallops. We had probably ordered about 1 dish too many but fortunately (?) our server forgot to place that part of the order and we never got it. I'm glad that we went to check this place out, but once was enough for me.
Good food but small portions with a big price tag.The restaurant was pretty big and had multiple dining sections - closest to the entrance was a lounge like area. We were led past the lounge down the stairs where there was a long table probably used for celebrations and into the intimate dining area.We ordered the edamame dumplings that everyone kept raving about, but I thought it was too cheese-y and overrated. The calamari salad, dungeness crab sticky rice, jumbo shrimp and short rib were all delicious but came in very small portions. One entree per person in addition to a few appetizers to share were definitely not enough!For dessert we had the crying chcolate cake and almond bread budding. My party and I all agreed that we liked the latter more - the whiskey ice cream that came with the bread pudding was amazing and less conventional.Definitely a place to try but not necessarily frequent.
Nice place to go. A little bit expensive because you have to take an apetizer, a main course and a dessert to be full, count 50-60 dollars per personn to eat enough. But food is very good and well presented. The place is beautiful. Be careful on one point !!! Staff seem to be busy and want to quickly take your order, for that purpose one girl even lie to us about alcohol in dishes! So be careful and ask double check about the composition  of your dish if you have restrictions.
Loved the edamame dumplings, yellowtail ceviche,blackened cod. Had the elderflower gin cocktail. All great. Vibe was good too- darkly lit but not too dark. Presentation of food was delightful. Watch out for the cauliflower lollipops.
Wow! This place is great. Recently went for a late dinner on my trip to NYC. NEED RESERVATIONS. The almond bread pudding is the best thing I have ever eaten. Really good atmosphere and crowd.
Plan on waiting.... Even if you have a reservation -- which they don't honor.   Totally trendyWith wannabes.  Don't bother.
Amazing food!The Alaska Cod - best fish.Pepper Beef - highly recommended. Mushroom - so so.
Gorgeous restaurant, went for my birthday and absolutely loved it. The food was amazing, our waiter was very nice. I loved the black cod and the vegetable coconut rice. We also had the General Tsos dim sum (so yummy) and the tuna tartar spring rolls, which were to die for. I also LOVED the green bean side. Our whole table ate every last bite! Also very nice birthday treat courtesy of the chef. Overall a wonderful experience!
I've been very satisfied with my experiences and buddakan. It's the perfect spot for date-night as the atmosphere here is very sexy and hip. The menu is pretty good. I haven't been disappointed with any of my entrees, then again, I haven't been overly enthused about any of them either. This place is geared more towards atmosphere. BUT their chocolate ganache is to die for. I mean, it's SO good.
I've been meaning to write this review for a while now---mainly people go on Yelp to bash restaurants for disappointing service (*guilty) but this is truly one of the best restaurants in the city. Decor is out of this world, food is amazing, and service is terrific. Highly recommend it.
Let's be honest.....We came here for dinner mostly because we wanted to see for our own eyes the restaurant that made such an impact on one of my favorite movies of all times......"Sex in the City".  The decor and space is mesmerizing. It is grand and enormous and so different from typical NYC restaurant!  We were early for our reservation so we sat in the bar/lounge to wait for our table.  They sat us promptly at our reservation time.  We were seated in a very dark sexy room.  The waiter suggested we choose one dim sum and one entree for each person.  He also mentioned that the menu is suggested family style.  The waiter then warned us that dishes would be brought to the table as they were ready.  I love this theory.  Each dish is perfectly hot! This sort of dining experience is very demanding in the wait staff.  Unfortunately this part of the dining was a miss for me.  First, we ordered less food than our waiter suggested but there was literally not enough room on the table for all of the plates.  We were constantly stacking our plates on top of plates.  Second, the staff was not efficient in removing the empty dishes.  To the food......We ordered pork dumplings, hoisin glazed pork belly, and shrimp dumpling to start.  Let me just say the hoisin glazed pork belly served with sticky buns were to die for!!!!For dinner we ordered pepper steak, black cod, and chili chicken.  Everything was tasty!!!At the end of service our waiter sort of disappeared.  And after we paid he completely disappeared!  If the service would have been better it would have absolutely gotten a better rate from me!!!
We ordered everything the server recommended and we were not disappointed. The chili rock shrimp is amazing! The space is huge and has different rooms and levels that makes for a great spot to have a party. The crowd was young and fun - a great spot if you're visiting the city!
awesome place in terms of decoration, you have to sit in the hall if you come. Roasted duck is pretty good from a Chinese's perspective.
Nothing special. Food was over priced for the quality. Go to Chinatown for better cheaper food. If you want the experience... I guess it's ok...
The only thing positive to say about this place is that the decor is amazing.The atmosphere is horrible - it's basically a pick up joint on steroids (at least on a Saturday night).  Full of couples with the girls wearing very little indeed and the men leaving too many buttons undone.  The music is so loud that people could not carry a conversation.  The staff give off the vibe that you are lucky to be allowed in.  It reminded me of a place called Stringfellows in London which introduced pole dancing to London - and this place has a similar amount of class.As to the food, we shared five dishes, one of which was exceptional, two were ok and two were very poor.  The tuna carpaccio spring roll took the honors, crispy, fresh, spicy and truly good.  The two ok dishes were fine - fairly typical western Chinese fare.  The two disgusting dishes were shockers.  A squid salad.  How can you mess up the squid salad, particularly when the squid themselves were delicious?  By smothering the whole thing with quadruple quantities of a sickly sweet dressing, straight out of the McDonalds playbook.  And a King Prawn dish.  Huge King Prawns, five in total, looking stunningly beautiful on the plate and tasting of....nothing.  Totally bland, low cost ingredients.And the price of all this?  $200 for two including one cocktail (massively over-sweetened) and a bottle of wine.  This place defines the new Bridge and Tunnel experience, for those who think PF Changs is where it's at.
Maybe cause I'm asian, I was not blown away by this place. The food was overpriced and just okay. There was not even a single dish that was memorable. The cocktails was also not that impressive.
Great restaurant and if you have a huge group you can order from 3 different menus; menu 1 dinner, menu 2 heavy dinner, and menu 3 really heavy dinner and they bring enough for everyone so it's not distracting. If you want to just hang and talk.   Food is great and the waiters are sooooooo nice!!We took a group of 10 here and everyone loved it and they even went back the next night again they loved it so much! Great atmosphere!!!!
This is a fun place to eat dinner. I know it's super trendy (and a tad overpriced) but you'll be pleasantly surprised with the food! I thought it was very good and our server was very attentive. Filled with tourists -- but still a fun meal.
This place came as a nice surprise as we were just trying to have some asian food around Chelsea market. The food was creative and very well crafted. I can hardly recognize any common Chinese dish, yet the food is still undoubtedly Chinese. The whole restaurant is spacious, and tables are well separated from one another. Chairs were also comfortable. I don't remember much else as we went a few months ago.
Only giving it 4 stars for the decor and ambiance. Definitely romantic, upscale , somewhere to bring visitors or a date to impress. Had my boyfriends birthday dinner here. We were seated at long table beneath these huge chandeliers . Gorgeous. My only complaint is that the fixed menu items were not that good flavor wise, some were cold and portions were very small. So at the end of the party mostly everyone was still hungry. lol Menu is pricey. However i would go back and see if i could choose something from the regular menu that would be appetizing.
It was great. Went with two friends and we had a delightful evening. Strongly recommend the Mongolian Lamb Chops, Crying Chocolate and the Wok Tossed Noodles with Prawns.
rock shrimp, edamame dumplings, miso cod. wonderful food with a lively atmosphere.  great bar as well.
Dear Buddakan,Please start selling your Whiskey Ice Cream in stores...{Ambiance} Modern and Classy. The seating upstairs is nice, but the main dinning hall downstairs is breathtaking. Once you enter the restaurant, check in at the host/hostess stand. You can take a seat at the lounge (order a drink or two). Someone approaches you shortly to take you to your table. If you're in a party of 5 or more, ask them if you can sit downstairs. I saw a few people do this while I was eating. {Service} On point. Our server greeted us with a bright smile. He asked us if this was our first time here and offered suggestions throughout the meal. Our water cups were always full. Once we were done with the appetizers, new silverware and plates were brought out for the main courses. He also asked us if we were doing ok twice during our meal. {Food} Edamame Dumplings: My Yelp family was completely right about this appetizer. It was delectable. The wonton wrap was thin and light. The edamame filling was silky and savory (almost as if it was pureed with cream and butter). The dumplings laid on top of a beautiful shallot- sauternes broth. Scallion Pancakes: These are not the same scallion pancakes as Vanessa's Dumpling House or Prosperity Dumpling (Though, I like their scallion pancakes just as much). There are pieces of shredded braised beef short rib on top of the thin pancakes. Each pancake is also topped off with green apple. If you taste the green apple on its own, it is obviously tart. However, when you take a bite of the pancake, short rib, and apple all together, the tartness from the apple disappears. It's a beautiful thing. General Tso's Dumplings: No, there is not a piece of fried general tso's chicken in this dumpling. Haha...I only say this because that is what WE thought we were getting. Silly us. The wonton wrap was steamed perfectly once again. The chicken inside (NOT battered and deep fried) was tender, sweet and savory.Glazed Alaskan Black Cod: The Cod was delicate, slightly sweet, and savory. It comes with a side of diced chili eggplant and a refreshing mix of diced cucumbers and radish. Mongolian Lamb Chops: Perfectly cooked pieces of succulent lamb hugged by a lovely ginger crust. A must try for all lamb lovers. Almond Bread Pudding: I think I'm getting tipsy off this whiskey ice cream? I could eat a tub of that any day. A great dessert for all bread pudding lovers. Crying Chocolate: Buddakan's version of a Molten Chocolate Cake. Peanut Butter Bar: A Butterfinger and a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup just gave birth to a Peanut Butter Bar. {Price Range} Appetizers $11-$28, Entrees $22-$44
The food was absolutely delicious - even though we waited ages for a table.. It was worth it, especially to sit downstairs. A must try are the edamame dumplings!
So if you've looked at ANY of my other yelp reviews, you will notice that I don't do trendy. In fact, I hate trendy.When I had a work event that took me to Buddakan, I had to go and was pleasantly surprised. Every person that worked there was really nice. I enjoyed the soup dumplings, edamame dumplings and salads. The drinks were also strong and good.I would go back.
I give this spot 3 stars, my boyfriend would give it 4 stars. This was a fun double date night spot with friends. The restaurant is large and pretty shocking as you are led into the great room. I asked to use the restroom and one of the servers recommended I use the upstairs bathroom instead so as to not take away the breathtaking, first time experience of seeing the big room. Hahha, okay, now I get this place.So, bottom line, it is very trendy, service is fine, food is fine. The drinks are great and different. This place delivers more in ambiance than anything else. It is a great places to get dressed up, see, and be seen. We shared a bunch of plates including the edamame dumplings (the best), rock shrimp (ordinary), black pepper beef (ordinary), the whole duck (very good), and 3 other plates, noodles, some other dumplings, and something with a pancake, I otherwise cannot recall.I wouldn't rush to come back but if I had friends in town I might consider coming back.
My best friend wanted to try this place for her birthday dinner. I must say the decor is absolutely beautiful, the service was stellar, the drinks well made and the staff very attentive. Now on to the important part, the food was MEH to say the least! The waitress asked my friend what she liked the most, I turned my head to avoid the question, but she asked anyway. :(. Quick recap:Boneless Spareribs- weird airy texture, too saucy , coldOxtail Dumplings- do oxtails  come in a can?Short Rib- very tender but flavorless, the Mushroom Chow Fun it was served with was delicious though. Salt and Pepper Beef- ( see Boneless Spareribs)Green beans- these were ok, spicy, (which I like) but way to much salt. Probably should have used a finer grind. The waitress said she'd never heard anyone say they didn't like it. I find that hard to believe unless there was a new chef that night or something. I wonder if sometimes people just say they like something to be polite. Especially when everyone else says it's the place to be. I will say she was very gracious, asked if I wanted to try anything else,.....yeah.....no.....   I figure if out of 5 dishes the best I could come in with was a so-so.... I'll pass!!I gave them 3 stars for the decor and the service. I don't usually write reviews but I thought it might be helpful for someone else.
So far my best restaurant ever. From drinks, to food and deserts.Best ever plate I had is mongolian lamb chops. The rest of the menue is excellent. Been more than 10 times in past 5 years, all of my friends were very impressed. A must to discover during your NYC stay or visit.Make sure you have a reservation.If you take a drink, 2 small plates to share and a desert, you are looking at around 50-80$ minimum !!!
Being an out of town visitor, I specifically chose to have dinner at Buddakan for the ambiance first and the food second. Based on a lot of the reviews on Yelp and b/c I've spent a lot of time in China, I went into the restaurant not having high expectations.  My table ordered the chili rock shrimp (good), braised pork in the buns (great), choy sum with black bean froth (middling), and the duck with noodles in soup (good in a comfort food way). The best dishes were definitely the rock shrimp and braised pork. Our table ordered 4 cocktails that were fairly unique, of middle strength, and pretty to look at (can't remember the names though). Overall, I enjoyed the decor and was pleasantly surprised with the food.  If you can keep in mind that this isn't tried and true, authentic Chinese fare, but rather Chinese-American food with a lot of ambiance to dazzle you, the experience is worthwhile.
My first 5 stars. Even though the service could be a little better because It took a while for the waiter to come, everything else was nothing less of phenomenal.  The ambience of the restaurant is not like many places in NYC. . The drinks were very strong yet made so well that you couldn't taste the alcohol( We hot the Royal and it creeped up on us).Then the 3 of us split coconut vegetable rice, Mongolian Lamb Chops and the Chili Chicken. Although the portions were very small,the food tasted so fresh, healthy and flavorful. It was definitely the best Asian food I've ever had!
Such a sexy, sleek, mysterious looking lounge  restaurant Utterly gorgeous inside. No wonder Sex  the City used this place to film for Carries rehearsal dinner.. A great place to grab drinks, and a snack. Although we came for dinner we did return again on our last day in NY for their amazing pork belly bao buns they were that amazing melt in your mouth goodness.  Sesame shrimp toast were a nice little tapas plate to get crunchy  filling. Basically this isn't your authentic Asian place in NY. It's an Asian fusion at it's best. Really enjoyed the Fate cocktail which consisted of bubbly Prosecco, Pineapple juice,  elderflower liquor.
Took us with no reservation, so good. But, 20 min to come back and say that they didn't have the wine.
Great food but service left a lot to be desired. Went there with my wife. We had to wait for 40 minutes although we had a reservation one month in advance and hardly anyone seemed to be apologetic. Even the waiter was not very thoughtful while attending to us.Now for food, Edamame dumplings were great. Lobster egg rolls was a novelty and so different from the typical egg rolls. Dan dan noodles was spicy and tasty. Usually I don't care for ducks but their peking duck fried rice was mouth watering. WE ahred one entree balk pepper beef and it was good but a little dry. that sauce that it came with was too buttery though. For dessert I would recommend almond bread pudding. Can't go wrong with that..The ambience is very chic and its a perfect place to take your spouse/GF/BF for a date.
I met the owner of this spot a few years ago in Philadelphia. Nice guy  he owns a lot of establishments between there and NYC.So, with girlfriends in tow, we decided to do a girls night at Buddakhan. Classy spot. We really enjoyed ourselves  dressed up accordingly.My food portion was perfect. I ordered the Black bean silken tofu. Amazing. Tasted wonderful, not too salty or slimy. Very filling.I also treated myself with a Dream, which was a tasty refresher for summer with a wonderful watermelon flavor.Our waiter was very nice too. I really had a good time here. I'll come back eventually.
Came here for a birthday dinner and the service, food, and ambience are all terrific. The restaurant is HUGE, and every aspect of it has great decor. Unfortunately we didn't sit in the dining room downstairs, but the area we sat in was great nonetheless.The restaurant is served family style, which means the dishes come out as they're finished. Ours all came out at about the same time with the exception of the appetizers which came out first (at the same time). All the entrees (as well as "side" dishes, like vegetable/noodle dishes) were all a good portion size.We ordered the sesame shrimp toast, edamame dumplings, black bass, kungpao monkfish, chilled udon noodles, and the tofu/eggplant stir fry. The shrimp toast was more like chinese sesame balls with shrimp inside. The edamame dumplings were amazing, highly recommend. They are soft and steamed, with mashed edamame on the inside. The kungpao monkfish and the chilled udon noodles were the favorite entrees of the table. The udon noodles come with a scoop of lime sorbet on top which perfectly compliments the peanut flavor of the noodles. For dessert, we ordered the crying chocolate dish - amazing as well! It's basically a small molten lava cake accompanied by a scoop of vietnamese coffee flavored icecream, with chocolate crumbs, dark chocolate fudge, and a piece of chocolate. They even customized it with "happy birthday" when we told them it was for a birthday.To top it all off, the service was great and the waiter was very attentive and helpful in describing the dishes as we ordered them.Would definitely come here again and recommend this place.
Just flawless from beginning to end. We went to celebrate a 21st birthday. We were seated in the great room and went for the top of the line set menu. All dishes were amazing. So much food, all delivered with an incredible level of professionalism. A truly memorable and remarkable night. Love this place.
Absolutely amazing! Great service and delicious food. Took my parents, who were visiting, and they loved it.
I went to Buddakan for my birthday dinner. This was my first time at the restaurant and I enjoyed everything about it. The decor was good, the server was nice and the food was excellent. We had chicken shrimp egg rolls for appetizers and I had jumbo shrimp with lobster fried rice as an entree. The lobster fried rice was able to feed two people, so my significant other and I shared the rice. He ordered a chicken breast as an entree (I cannot recall the exact name) his chicken was so tender and delicious. Both of our meals were delicious. For dessert we shared a banana bread pudding...mmmmm good.I would definitely return to Buddakan.tripadvisor.com/ShowUser…
I took my sister here for her 30th birthday and everything about this place equals excellence. The presentation of food, the food, the ambience, and service, SUPERB! They baked a red velvet cake (I would have been charged extra per head if I brought a cake from somewhere else) that was to die for!Con: Was kind of difficult to find.
It is as good as they say. This place is fabulous. Listen to your waiter for recommendations and I would suggest the chef's menu/tasting menu (not sure of the term they use) for groups. If you are celebrating something, they will surprise you with unbelievable dessert concoctions.
It's okay the decor is breath taking the service is cray the food was so so wouldn't go back not worth the price of what your getting. It wasn't bad but it wasn't anything spectacular
I've heard many good things about Buddakan but never had the chance to come by.My girlfriends took me here for dinner for the first time and I am DEFINITELY coming back! We ordered so many dishes but the one thing that stuck out was their oxtail dumplings!Cannot wait to go back and try the rest of their menu out!
Great atmosphere, food, and service! I had the soup dumplings, pork buns, short ribs, and rock shrimp tempura. All apps were really good. The desserts are a must, i recommend the crying chocolate and bread pudding!Definitely try this place, it is a great experience!!
I ate here alone while in town for work. The staff was extra friendly, likely to avoid making the lonely diner feel like an uncomfortable loser. They succeeded. Short ribs, chili lime crab, and the pistachio/ice cream dessert (can't remember the name) were all unique. I'd recommend all 3. Only downside was the bill, but I knew that going in.
Food very good. Service good. Prices eehhhh. Ambience great for special occasions.  Ordered everything at same time but one entre came out as 2 of 3 of us were finishing.  Enough food portions to fill you. All good though.
One of the sexiest restaurants in New York City. It's a hidden gem. Dress sexy. There was a manager walking around making sure everyone was enjoying themselves. There's lots of seating and can accommodate any occasion. A Comfy Lounge area to dine or wait for your reservation. Grab a drink at the bar and walk around to see how beautiful the decor is but make it back to the lounge area for your reservation. An awesome Asian fusion menu served big enough to share with someone else if you order 2 or 3 dishes. Edamame dumplings are succulent....my favorite dish of the night. The Broken Chilli Chicken and Vegetable Fried Ruce was also amazing..I could eat 2 servings. Such quality in the food I challenge you to have fun with the menu. Don't leave without a desert.
Reserved a table for two on a Friday night around 8.I put in a request for my girlfriend and me to be seated facing one another in opposing head seats at the main dining room's 100-person table.  She was unaware of the innocent demand and was left quite ignorant to the fact that our normal two-person table was a complete and utter let-down compared to the private, castle-like dining I had imagined.Our (normal and quite nice, really) dining arrangement may have been a small sting to my night, but the girl and I were still taken back by the magnificent aesthetics of the rather large restaurant.  Surprisingly, there was a great sense of intimacy in spite of the formidable size of the place: a realization that prompted me to further reflect on how great my original reservation idea would've been.  I made a comment about liking large gatherings because of their intimacy, but that Great Gatbsy reference seemed to go over both my girlfriend's and our waiter's heads.Speaking of the waiter - great eye contact.  I read a few other reviews in which people had some serious reservations (just like my initial seating request - serious) about their service, but I found ours to be quite adequate.I'm big on strong eye contact and our waiter proved resilient.  He was also a close talker, which made the ordering process slightly disconcerting.  I was watching him go over menu recommendations with my girlfriend and I could've sworn he was about to go in for some sort of embrace.  At this point, I was actually a little relieved that I was only a mere few feet away in case I needed to quickly stop something from happening.Buddakan's cool... trendy vibe, good food, lively atmosphere.
What an awesome place. We had Sesame shrimp, Chilli rock shrimp, Salt  pepper black bass and a ton of other dishes ... All just delicious!! Oh and don't forget to try the Crying chocolate dessert
Awesome atmosphere and delicious food!! Only complaint is that it was pretty dark and hard to read the menu.
We loved each course and our service was excellent!
Hands down the BEST food I've ever had in my entire life. Everything was clean, service was amazing and food was out of this words. Edamame dumplings are the best. Go hungry!
An excellent high end and swanky spot for Asian flare food. The edamame dumplings and rock shrimp are must haves. The chili crispy chicken is delicious as well. The boneless ribs are simply mouth watering. Enjoy.
Service was amazing and so was the food!  The food can get a little salty but overall it was so flavorful.  Arrived late for our reservations because parking around there is terrible but got seated right away.  Btw the pork buns, rock shrimp, cauliflower, black dragon chicken and crab sticky rice was amazing!
Roy's Top 5 Things to Know:1. Very trendy spot. The vibe, decor, and ambiance are all cool. Out of towners would definitely be impressed coming here.2. Make reservations! If you don't have reservations then just sit at the bar. Either way you'll get good service at the bar or at the table, top notch place here. 3. Food is great. I had the Lobster Fried Rice, Broken Chili Chicken, and the Chili Rock Shrimp, again all superb.4. Drinks are really well made here. I had several Mai Tais and they were slamming. I've also drank (white) wine here and all good as well.5. Restroom are clean and plenty here as well.
Decided to stop in and have a drink while waiting for our reservation time at Morimoto around the corner.  My boyfriend and I went to the bar and saw that there were no two seats together, but a few on either end of other couples.  The bartender saw us attempting to find seats and very kindly asked other parties to move down in order to make room -- love it when they do that.The decor was beautiful and very romantic.  It made a great accent to our anniversary night.We sat at the bar and looked at their drink menu.  I forgot the name of it, but I got some type of drink that ended up being to floral/herby for me so just sipped on it while my boyfriend fully finished his drink.  The bartender saw this and very kindly made me another drink at no charge; he didn't look offended at all and agreed that the drink is a hit or a miss with people.After a few drinks we headed out to make our reservations at Morimoto's.  In the end the hostess was very nice when we walked in and the bartender was more than kind.  We felt welcomed from beginning to end and never felt like a burden, even when the bartender had every right to make me feel that way after not enjoying my drink.  I experienced great customer service and cannot wait to go back to try their food.
This is a see/be seen type of a place. It is a loud, trendy spot in the meatpackong district. Great decor and ambiance, I had a lot of fun. Highly recommend the pork belly buns, tuna spring rolls, and lobster fried rice. I would have liked a more outgoing server, but it is understandable that Sat nights in NYC are hectic.  Fun place!
Overrated and over-priced asian fusion cuisine. The food isn't bad though.Nice atmosphere and beautiful decor. Staff is friendly. Nice trendy spot to be in.
The five stars are not entirely accurate, but my personal scale does not rate according to stars, and it comprises more than five tiers. I assign five here because the totality of the experience at Buddakan has never failed to fulfill my expectations, and because there really is nothing to which I can compare the place to its detriment. The food is conceived, prepared and presented beautifully. The menu is dependably imaginative, the theatre is dependable, and the service is helpful, literate, unobtrusive, and willing to make good when (as happens from time to time in any restaurant) a serving is not up to snuff. Service, from wait staff to bus, handle large parties very well, and seem closely-trained. Kim Cook, who books events (that's 14 or more at a seating, I think) is especially thoughtful and good at her work.There are occasional reviews in this venue which claim the food is late, or cold, or tasteless, or too salty. Likewise, there are complaints about the service (too much or too little) and the cost (too much) and the lighting (too little) and vague muttering about the theatre of the place. It's lost its au courant status, says one, and it's full of posers, says another. Those who worry about whether the party at the next table are real hipsters or Ohioans dressed up like hipsters from TJ Maxx will not enjoy Buddakan. I can, however, report that George Clooney has an incipient bald spot, because I looked right down on it one night from a mezzanine dining room.Without a doubt, the best pork bun in history was once available in a little half-basement place south of Canal St. to which my girlfriend dragged me all the way from Morton St. on Sunday morning in 1978. It cost a dollar and a quarter, and the window, with a view of shoes hurrying past on the sidewalk, was coated with steam. That pork bun and countless delights like it are not available at Buddakan, but neither did the Chinese fellow south of Canal serve blackened cod.The menu is easy to find, and I won't add to the recommendations (although that blackened cod would be high on the list.) Neither will I provide a picture of an entree, since an image of food entices only one of the four senses which good food stimulates. Again, my review is as much a reaction to the puzzling (and few) bad reviews of the cuisine as a paean to its quality. It is expertly executed "Asian fusion" or "Asian moderne" food served family style. It's a marvelous place to meet with friends and enjoy an imaginative, beautifully-presented meal in a theatrical setting. You will not regret dining here, and you are likely to have a memorable evening.
For the amount of money I paid, I was hoping for something more than "it's good". Kind of disappointed at the place, I don't know where to even begin.... OkayFirst, the drinks that I got, "Fate" and "Charm" was not strong at all!!! Extremely sweet and there was very little alcohol in it. Maybe the bartender thought I was a girl and can't handle strong drinks, but damn dude, it was SO SWeEt!!! Second, I got the crab/lobster dumpling, omg DON'T get it!! Go for something else!!!when you bit into the dumpling, it tastes very fishy, not like the crab or lobster taste you think of! Third, crying chocolate, way too sweet! Get the almond bread !!!! You will be happy with that ! Trust me!  Probably not coming back, just because I think for that amount of money, I can get way better food!
By far the most interesting asian fusion restaurants I have ever eaten at. Three dishes was all it took to make me remember this place. It's an expensive dining experience but it's well worth it. Reservations recommended. Walking through the restaurant was interesting. Very well decorated with dim lights in the upper level. The bar is pretty laid back and has a chill vibe. The service I had that day was relatively good and friendly. Now for the food:Of the three dishes I remembered, the deviled tuna tartare, boneless spare ribs, and kungpao monkfish were the best!!  The deviled tuna tartare was a good start. It was pretty much like eating sushi but it certainly had a flavor twist I can't quite describe. As for the kungpao monkfish, it was pretty rich. It was mild and it had similar flavors to kungpao chicken but the monkfish was superb and the made the dish great. Best for last, the boneless spare ribs was the most impressive. The sauce was so delicious and the meat was so tender! Most memorable meat I have ever had. I want to go back for more of the boneless spare ribs.Hope this helps! :)
Best place for Asian fusion .. ( interior is amazing ) and the price  of the food not too crazy..I order a bottle of wine and bunch of fav foods.. ( all only 200 something )..I Order the Peking duck, so good the meat very tender and the skin so crispy ..lamb chop also yummy..oxtail dim sum is da bomb..the shrimp popcorn so addictive and don't forget to order the veggie selection and lobster fried rice... I love this place! Def will comeback again!
Cocktail:Try BENEVOLENCE- I thought it had just the right amount of liquor And sweetness to enjoy. Very refreshing. :)Appetizer:General T' sos dumpling- it was perfectAlso the rocking/chilli shrimp- so yummyDinner:Schezwan noodles w lamb- I felt like it was something I make at home with spaghetti and ground beef.Chilli chicken- breaded chicken w a sweet sauce, nothing special to talk about. I heard of Buddakan from friends and thought to try it out. I give it 3 stars for the 3 things I enjoyed...Unfortunately, my overall experience wasn't good enough to give the place 5 stars.
Had a great ladies' night out while visiting NYC. I enjoy good food and ambiance, and this place really hit the spot! Their drinks were fabulous-especially the one with blood orange puree. We spent a little extra time at the bar since we were late for our reservation (oops!). The restaurant was really great and got us in with a minimal wait anyhow, on a Saturday night too!The food was delicious, and it was fun to share a number of different dishes. The portions were big too! My favorite part was definitely the bread pudding. I'm so glad one of the girls insisted on it!
I was here for my birthday dinner with a few of my friends. We had a group of 7 and was informed that we could do. tasting menu that was done family style.Firstly, service here was wonderful. Our waitress Erin (hope that's how it's spelt) was wonderful, very friendly, and very informative. She definitely helped in making it a memorable experience.Then to the food. We ordered the large tasting menu, swapped out the chicken for Mongolian lamb chops, and it was great. The portion sizes are very well sized, It was the first time I walked away from a tasting menu completely stuffed. The meats were all cooked to a perfect medium rare and were all incredibly tender. Overall the experience was great and the food was great. I'd definitely come back for more.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. The decor and ambiance is awesome.  Everything is super tasty and cooked well.
Had a surprise birthday dinner here and loved it.The dinner was prefixed and everything was amazing, the customer service was great...one of the best birthday dinners ive had.The restaurant overall is very fancy and huge, def coming back.
Buddakan is great for group outings. I went there for a large bachelorette party (15+ people) and we all loved it!Huge, spacious restaurant; lively and slightly upscale vibe; excellent, friendly and accommodating staff; and absolutely delicious food and drinks.
This place is sexy, swanky, has wonderful food, and great staff!  I would recommend this place for a date night, ladies night out, and group dates.There were six of us last night (couple's night out)And we ordered the following:Appetizers-Tuna Tartare Spring RollOxtail DumplingsFoie Gras Chicken DumplingsChili Rock ShrimpRibsGeneral Tso's DumplingsMy least favorite were the Foie Gras and the Chili Rock Shrimp but everything else was AWESOME!Entrée:Sizzling Short Rib-  The meat was so tender you didn't need a knife and it was DELICIOUS!!!Desert:Almond Bread Pudding with Vanilla Bourbon Ice Cream was THEE BEST DESERT I have ever had.I wrote all of this just to say YOU should just go.....don't take my word for it. :-D
My friends and I came here with no reservation on a Saturday night for my birthday. They sat us pretty quickly which we all really appreciated.  The service was good for the most part but the waitress seemed a little impatient with us (reason for the 3 stars).  The place itself was really trendy and the decor was pretty amazing.The food itself was really, really good though the portions were really small.  What I really loved was the fact that all the food was placed in the middle of the table like a family style setting.  I would come here again but I hope that out next waitress/waiter is a little more patient, especially since it was our first time there.
Went two people for early dinner, Food was reasonably good but service is a disaster. Even though it was not full at all ( 6pm..) we did not get attention from our waiter when we needed it . We ordered five dishes but got only four of them - there never was anyone around to ask if we were happy with our meal so I could not even inquire about the Broccoli dish that was missing. When we finished the plates were cleared no one even bothered to clean the table and we decided to leave and look elsewhere for desert. When the check came I was very surprised to find that we were charged for the dish we never received and even more surprised by the fact that it bothered no one when we complained about it at that stage - " OK we will take it off" was the response....I am looking for more than just food when I go to a restaurant - I am not  going back to Buddakan,
The space is chic and super trendy. The staff are attractive and plentiful. You almost feel like you have to dress up a bit to make a good impression on them. Good place to grab a drink in the bar or get together with the girls. The food is so-so. Not terrible, but it just never feels good to pay a ton for Chinese food, but you really don't go here for the food. You go for the scene.
Service is great, lots of staff. Ambiance is romantic and trendy, although it can be noisy if you are looking for intimacy. Food presentation is great, taste good, but not HOT. Now the wait is minimal for your food so it definitely is not prepared fresh, but I would have given 5 Stars if food was hot. If you dont mind food not being very hot, this is an awesome place. Its my 3rd visit, and I would go back again, just request my food to be HOT.
First time going here and it was an great experience this restaurant was very big and very mellow the waitress was amazing she recommended some food dishes which was the egg roll tuna tartare and at a edamame dumplings is a must order you will sad if you didn't order this is amazing also the beef Short ribs is fall off the bone!  desserts were OK not a big fan but whole experience was great!  I would highly recommend trying this place out!
This is a beautiful, upscale restaurant with amazing food and drinks. The room downstairs has a long, Hogwarts-like table in the center that can seat a slew of people with magnificent high ceilings and lighting. The candles on the tables are quite beautiful with their massive wax drippings. I tried several of their appetizers but the one that stood out the most was the edamame dumplings. They were perfectly sized and the skin was of the right thickness. The taste is very creamy and smooth and literally melts in your mouth. This was my first time trying edamame dumplings and they really reminded me of pierogies. For the main dishes, I tried their broken chili chicken, sizzling short rib, glazed alaskan black cod and hot and sour scallops, all of which were great. I especially enjoyed their alaskan black cod that was quite tender and juicy. Their short rib was also pretty great with a great sauce. Unfortunately, I was not able to try any of their desserts as I was stuffed at that point but our table ordered the pastry chef's tasting selection and the presentation was beautiful.
Going to embarrass myself and say I walked around the block two times looking for it until I actually read the faintly glowing sign Buddakan. Cocktails hit the spot. I love the Fate! Food was real tasty and the right amount of spice. Ambience is wonderful, but was seated in a room where the tables were too close together, and even if there wasn't that many people- me and my girlfriend were ear to ear with a couple! We had spring rolls, chili rock shrimp, fried rice with coconut sauce, and Edamame dumplings! Server was also an attentive and a sweet guy.
Went with a group of 6. Living in NYC for 3 years, I have deleted expectations.  Great food, service, and drinks! Not to mention the place is amazing to look at. I will be back!!
A return trip to Buddakan wasn't disappointing enough to never return, but it definitely wasn't the fabulous experience we had last time. First, we had reservations, and we were seated in the bar area.  It was 6pm on a Monday, so the place was practically empty. When we expressed our discomfort, the hostess said, "Well, this is all I can do." So, we ate in a cramped spot at the top of the stairs, next to a china cabinet full of taxidermy'd animals. The server refused to take a drink and appetizer order without taking our entree at the same time. She said the chef likes to have everything at once so he can "pace" the evening. That would've been nice if that actually happened. Unfortunately, we only had two bites of each appetizer when our entrees arrived. Because of the small table, there was no space for anything, and instead of helping to find space, the food runner just stood there with our meals while we fumbled around trying to make space. The server was not friendly or helpful. She didn't explain how the menu worked, and was having a difficult time explaining differences between dishes.  She was also unable to make any wine suggestions. I ordered the Black Pepper Beef and it was so cold and overcooked, I had to send it back. The meat was so tough, I was struggling to cut it with the knife I was given. The Char Siu Pork was served hot, and tasted better than the beef, but it was still overcooked. The appetizers were amazing (edamame dumplings and sea bass roll!). This was our first less-than-favorable experience with Buddakan, and hopefully our last. We love the atmosphere and the food here, so we'll give it another shot!
Little expensive but worth it! Seriously try their edamame dumplings and carrot dumplings.
My friend held her birthday dinner here at the large grand table on the bottom floor. What an elegant setting. I felt like I was on a theater set of Sleep No More, dining and drinking. Truly memorable. Moreover, the food -- especially the duck salad, pepper beef and edamame dumplings -- was delicious. I didn't give the experience a 5-star because check-in was overwhelming and a zoo. Further, while service was generally responsive, they messed up our check somehow, resulting in one of the guests absorbing a $400 tab. Ouch.
Already went twice to this wonderful place and would be happy to go again!This is a chinese fusion restaurant that really will surpise your tastebuds!Last time I went there with two friends we had three starters to share and two main dishes. That was really enough as the main dishes are quite big. We had pork belly pankakes, dim sum and egg rolls to start, followed by peking duck fried rice and crab hot pot. Eveything had such a balanced combination of spices!We managed to share a complex chocolate desert as well (not that we had any room left but just because the food is amazing). It was a mix of texture (cruchy nuts, soft brownies) and tasted (pistachio ice cream)... Just a dream.Finally I really appreciate the classy decore and, above all, and despite the fact that this place is HUGE, the fact that it s not noisy and your can have a proper conversation with your friends.I recommend this place beyond doubt and look forward to going again...
2 stars for a very rude waiter, or maybe a manager..That was unclear. I was looking for somewhere to put a finished drink and he told me to get out of the 'line' because it was the service line. I said I was looking for a place to put my glass, he took it and said 'you're welcome!' Very rude. Soured my experience of the place and I left immediately after. Don't talk to paying customers that way. Having been to Buddakan in Philadelphia and AC, I'd much rather go to these locations in the future. I was with a friend from out of town. Nice decor , I'll give it that, but honestly not somewhere I'd say is a must-see if you're visiting. There are much more beautiful restaurants with great food your time would be better spent at..
Beautiful I had a reservation came early sat at the bar area and got drinks and appetizers (you can have your whole meal there) then the hostess knew who we were found us and took us to our reserved table , the chilli rock shrimp is a must and the sliced steak is a must , deviled tuna tartar not very flavorful but their banana cake desert is the best desert Ive ever had the waiter was amazing too butttt kind of expensive but we did order a lot we spent $300 on 2 people for 3 appetizers 1 desert 2 entrees and about 5 drinks, but it was worth it so beautiful
Can't say enough about this restaurant. Food is AMAZING every single time. Some of the appetizers are small so I recommend ordering a few and sharing them. Atmosphere is beautiful and romantic. The dim lights and long table as you walk down the stairs is just gorgeous. I will keep coming back!
One word, amazing! From the decor to the service to the food, everything about this place is amazing. Food is served family style so I got to try plenty of dishes. Favorite dishes: Shrimp toast (appetizer), the Peking duck, black pepper beef (entree) and the crying chocolate cake (I think that's the name) (dessert). It is pricy but worth every penny. The service was also great, very attentive. Will definitely return!
One of the most elegant places to dine! Gorgeous venue with amazing food! A must see if you are ever in New York City!
Been here so many times. Order all the different dumplings. They are all amazing.  The edamame dumplings are ridiculously good! Great ambience. Great food. Its always the best time!
The endamame dumplings are to die for...anything you order here is just an art full of flavor. The drinks are definitely a mixologist prepared. .tasty.! Will recommend to friends and family. I didn't give 5 stars because they are VERY expensive.
DELICIOUS!!! Went here for one-year anniversary.  Place was immaculate, staff was super friendly and most importantly the food was great! I would definitely recommend this place for dates or even group get-togethers.  Price is slightly high but definitely worth it especially for special occasions. We got the lobster  shrimp egg rolls, lobster  shrimp chow fun, vegetable fried rice  eddemame dumplings...all were fantastic.  Oh,  then got the pumpkin donuts... They were ok.
The ambiance is more impressive than the food. Gorgeous space.That being said, the food is delicious. Been there twice. I will return when I have a special occasion! A little too pricy for your average date night, but birthday/anniversary worthy.
Came here for a late dinner on Saturday night. Visiting from DC and knew that this place was all the rage (and of course I'd seen the first scene in sex and the city!!) this place exceeded my expectations. The service is phenomenal. Not stuffy but you can definitely expect to rub elbows with a few celebs if you're lucky. We had the dumplings (great) and the chili rock shrimp which were so yummy! Also the filet and scallops were great! The veggies in the scallop dish were the best part! We will definitely be back. Also, this is definitely a place to look your best!
The drinks here are strong- I had the longevity cocktail, which featured a lychee flavor- delicious and refreshing before a night out at PhD across the street.We had some light apps here, including the edamame truffle dumplings as well as the jade shrimp dumplings- both were delicious, but the edamame dumplings stole the show.
Despite being opened 10 years and seating hundreds on multiple floors and rooms this place pulls it off seamlessly and it never gets tiringThe ambiance is great, the service professional but relaxed and the food simply amazingReading the menu is mouth watering and the food is even better than advertisedKudos to a 10 year run! Keep it up
Amazing experience! We got the following:Tuna tartar spring roll - amazingRock shrimp - good but tasted like it had buffalo sauce on itPork dumplings - goodFilet mignon - amazing ! Especially the sauceCrab sticky rice - good Black cod - great !
Amazing location and unique experience. This is a great place to go for a special occasion such as a business celebration. The main hall is very grandiose and the service and design of the interior are impeccable.We ordered a variety of plates which were brought out in a "tapas" format, ideal for sharing with a group. My favorite item would have to be the deep fried shrimp which they blended into a sphere, I've never had anything quite like that.There's a long wait time most Friday and Saturday nights which has prevented me from getting in without a reservation in the past, but this time we went on a Thursday evening and were seated within 10 minutes. Not very inexpensive, but worth it.
I absolutely love the slick and clubby chinoiserie decor!!! Beautiful!!! Very over the top, the atmosphere is 5 star worthy!! I'm a sucker for big chandeliers so I immediately fell in love with the enormous open space  dining room. This place is worth the visit just for the ambiance alone!! It's so uber shi-shi and frou frou, love it!!As for the food, I was ready to hate it because usually this type of place serves overpriced mediocre watered down Asian food for anorexic MPD crowd, but I was surprised that they actually make decent food. Yes it's still overpriced and I still prefer my cheap no-frills eateries in Chinatown, but it wasn't as bad as I expected. I enjoyed  their edamame dumplings, I thought it was a nice unconventional fusion dish. Boneless Spare Ribs were prepared in a more traditional style and tasted pretty close to what you can get  in Chinatown, which was a pleasant surprise. The service was good, the waiter was extremely attentive, almost too much. The food overall was OK, but not impressive enough to make me fall in love either. Would have been nicer if someone else paid for my bill.
This place is the -ish. I had fried rice, which was awesome, and their cocktails are even better.But the 5 stars is because of the ambiance. Too good, so Meatpacking-esque.
Best. The best. Great atmosphere, amazing food, pleasant staff.Yes, sometimes you're stuck with a bunch of scrubs who are trying to re-live Sex and the City, but it is worth every second and dollar.If you're going out to dinner with a large group, this is the place to go.
How in the world did this place rack up so many stars???To start, I've had way better Asian fusion food at my local Chinese and Japanese fast food restaurants. FOR REAL.Secondly, the decor is incredibly cheesy.And finally, the worst offender is that all the courses took forever to come out, and when they did they came out ONE. BY. ONE. With a full 10-30 mins in between each dish. And the steamed broccoli (which takes, what, 5 minutes to cook?) took an hour to come out.If anyone has ever been to a good restaurant, or hell, just any restaurant that serves family-style like Buddakan does, you know that all the dishes for the table come out together, or at least within half an hour after the first dish.Buddakan took 2 hours to serve our main courses.The dessert took another hour.FAIL.
This is one of the more expensive places to eat in New York and it is crazy DELICIOUS. And has giant chandeliers and huge murals all of which says "rich people eat here." Yes The crowd was a bit banker heavy but the food made the douchebags and their model dates worth ignoring. You can easily pay fifty bucks a head at a normal Italian place somewhere on 9th avenue or you can save up and pay 75 bucks each and eat the hell out of a menu wherever dish is a work of art. They do family style and encourage you to over  order so don't get crazy with the upsell . But we had three apps for four people-- the pork dumplings divine the fish dumplings omg the cauliflower lollipops so fun to eat and then the mains were all delish. Even the dessert was incredible which is a standout at Asian places where it's usually a dollop of ice cream and a lichee nut. Best tarte a tin outside of France I've had paired with soy sauce ice cream was so umami!!
One of my FAVORITE restaurants EVER! The food is always EXCEPTIONAL!And they have the Best Espresso Martini's.
I had an excellent birthday dinner at Buddakan. The service is wonderful and I appreciated that the server suggested some things that I wouldn't have otherwise tried. The edamame dumplings were awesome - several people have brought them up for a reason. For my entree I had the sweet and crispy shimp. I was literally talking about the shrimp for a week. First of all, they were huge. They had fresh grapefruit and a sweet creamy sauce on them which was an awesome combination. Buddakan is perfect for an intimate date or a dinner with a big group. Check it out and you won't be disappointed.
Who doesn't love Budakkan?Here on several different occasions, both formal and informal. Basic tip- RESERVE! It gets very crowded and the lounge area is first come first serve, but serve the full menu. Edamame Dumplings- Interesting taste. One order comes with four pieces with broth. I'm not a fan of the texture, but it's an "either I love it or hate it" dish. I have friends who'll die for these things. The Hoisin glazed pork belly was AMAZING! There is a plate of pork belly served with pickled onions and a wicker/straw type container for the steamed buns. You have to assemble your own bun. It's so good, I can't even think about them right now because I am at work and I'm starving. The Wok Tossed Prawns were also delicious, the serving portion is a bit small however. The Chili rock shrimp were also great. I'm in love with their specialty cocktails because they have qualified mixologists behind the bar. I've gotten almost every one of their cocktails throughout my times there, and all of them are tasty and strong. My favorite is the 'Solid', which is exactly what the name suggests. It is made of maker's mark bourbon, lillet, ginger, orange. #yas. Overall, the food and drinks are DELICIOUS, ambiance is perfect, and RESERVE or be prepared to not find seating for you and your guests.
We had many great experience at the Buddakan in Atlantic City and decided to check out the one in NYC. We were greeted right away, waited for a few minutes at the lounge while they get our table ready. The space and layout of the restaurant is great. Can't believe I'm drawing a blank on our waitress's name, she was fantastic. She answered all of our questions the best possible way with great recommendations. The food was amazing and better than expected. I'm sure everything is great there, here's what we had... Drinks - Elevation, Charm Starters - Tuna tartare spring roll, Hoisin Pork Belly Entrees - Mongolian Lamb Chops, Kung Pao Monkfish Sides - Chilled Udon Noodles Desserts - Almond Bread Pudding, Chocolate Fondant Go! Have a great time!
Amazing service. We had to wait a bit for our table and the manager found us to apologize and gave us a round of drinks. Our food was amazing as well. You have to order the short rib and the black cod. I went earlier his week and I would go back today and order the same thing.
This place looks quite nondescript from the outside but it is quite large inside.I took some clients here for a dinner and while it was expensive (definitely used to NYC prices by now), it was a fun experience.  Their cocktails are creative and delicious, especially the Solid and Longevity.  Since most things are designed to share, we split the following: oxtail dumplings,  king crab and lobster shumai, general tso's dumplings, beef lettuce cups, scallion pancakes, black pepper beef, cantonese steamed sole, whole peking duck, wild mushroom chow fun, szechuan dan dan noodles, lobster fried rice, green beans, and wok charred broccoli.  Most everything was delicious and enough to split between the table but they did add a few extra portions to ensure everyone had a taste.  My favourites were the dan dan noodles, peking duck, lobster fried rice, and oxtail dumplings.I don't remember the service being awful or really great so they must have done a decent job.I would recommend coming here as it has a hip, chic vibe but you will need to be prepared to drop some coin.
The worst experience over ever had in my life. We had reservations for 11pm on a Saturday night. We got there on time and when I spoke to the hostess she said they will seat our party of 5 in a few minutes. She asked us to wait by the bar. After waiting 30 minutes I began to get annoyed and went back to the front and asked how much longer it would take to be seated, the hostesses gave a huge attitude and said their busy it will be a few more minutes. Finally at 11:46 we got seated. The person who seated us had a major attitude. The service then didn't get any better. It took forever to even use the bathroom. Such a large place and only two unisex bathrooms on the top floor. I had to wait 15 minutes just to be able to wash my hands!! The food was ok but nothing special.  I've go out to eat 10 times a week, and I've been to many restaurants in NYC. This was by far the worst experience I've ever had. I don't recommend anyone to eat here unless their willing to have a terrible time and be very annoyed. Never would I leave a bad review for any restaurant unless it was this bad.
Hands down the best meal I've had in NYC. The actual restaurant itself is absolutely gorgeous. Great place for parties of all sizes. You can literally just eat the dim sum and have drinks and leave looking like a smiley face emoticon!
The wait list thing can be hard to get use to so better to make a reservation. The manager is amazing, appetizer and dessert was great! The atmosphere is so beautiful. I highly suggest making this a place to sit down at - at least ONCE in your life time.
A bit of a wait, longer than what I would expect when having set reservations, so we sat in a "holding area" and purchased very expensive drinks while we waited. Food was pretty amazing (steak, braised rib, appetizers, etc) , although my friend was not crazy about her fried rice. The service was just barely ok-- actually pretty bad. We had a couple people talking to us so we were confused and a bunch of food we didn't order got delivered to use but they were nice enough to leave it and remove it off of our bill-- just a busy place I suppose so kind of a mad house. Very nice atmosphere however.
Amazing décor and good food. I give it 4 stars because of the portion size (too small for the price).Great for groups!
The food here was great and the grand room downstairs is pretty impressive, but the music was so loud you could barely have a conversation with people at your table. The poor waiter had to basically scream at us so we could hear what he was saying. Also, despite a reservation, we still had a good half hour wait for our table. Prices are incredibly expensive and I know it's just that part of town and the overall experience of it all but still- it just wasn't really worth the insane bill at the end of the meal. Though I can say our waiter was extremely helpful and we had a lovely evening.
This place is by far the BEST restaurant that I have ever been to in Manhattan.  I've been living in NYC for 10 years now and this is the place I go to for my birthday every year.  The udon noodle are AMAZING!  Actually every dish tastes very good!  I take everyone who visits me here in New York to this place and they love it too.  The decor is out of this world and it is perfect excuse to get really dressed up!Jennifer P
Where do I start... I came here for my birthday on 4/4.  The place is a little broken down... I had been to Buddakan a few years back and loved it... So I decided to go back.I arrived early and decided to sit at the bar to wait for my friends. I ordered a dry martini, the bartender hands me drink in a whiskey glass... I ask him if it was a mistake... He tells me they don't have any Martini  glasses... Eh? I pointed out that most of the drinks on their Cocktail Menu are Martinis... Surely you have at least one glass... Right?  He speaks to a woman who seemed to be the manager... She comes over (holding up a wine glass) and asks me...Is this a Martini glass?  I thought she was joking,  but she was dead serious.  She proceeded to explain that ALL the glasses had broken... My eyes glazed over... Enough with the explanation... She was trying to be nice but honestly they were dragging it out :OThe bartender was very sweet and made me a decent Mojito and took the martini off my tab... The food was not great... Some of it arrived cold. It was pricey for bad food... Not impressed! All in all i gave it 2 stars because our waitress was very nice and attentive and their staff provided pretty good service.
Awesome place.  Great food and service.  Perfect Manhattan spot.
Buddakan is, beyond doubt, the coolest restaurant you will ever go to. The space is massive with gorgeous high ceilings. I went a while back, so don't remember exactly what I ordered (besides the delish crispy popcorn shrimp) but I was impressed with the meal and found it to be reasonably priced for a Chelsea hot spot. Guys, this is a foolproof place to take a date.
The highly recommended buddakan does not disappoint. I don't have a strategy behind my rating but here's my breakdown. The short? Go here and you won't be disappointed. As a date, both parties will be impressed and it won't break the bank unless you have the appetite of a gladiator.The long? The ambiance and decor are exquisite. From the low lighting and high ceiling chandeliers, to the lounge house and a classy dungeon-ous atmosphere.... It's just right. Enjoy the lounge while you wait for your table to be prepared - spacious and non-pretentious.The walk to your table, for first timers, is enjoyable because the unexpected size of a venue with such intimate settings is impressive. From libraries to Michael Angelo's... It's visual stimuli for those that care.... I, personally, do not.The service, as expected, is efficient and classy although not the most personable... Meaning there's a certain cadence assumed with each table. Unfortunately, our waiter disappeared after 1 hour into our meal... No big deal but clearly I'm tying about it.The food.The food.The food.Best Chinese fusion food I've had to date.... It makes all Chinese-run operations, and I've been to a few, seem like a boxed microwave dinner operation. Buddakan offers an assault of options for all your taste buds. I can't pick one dish but for those that rely on dish recommendations, here you go........ I was with a crew of 8 so we went a la carte style, fixed price menu is not necessary, and we ordered several dishes from several areas of the menu. Here are the dishes I recommend!!!- black pepper beef- carrot dumplings- general Tao dumplings- beef filet- any noodles dishes (pad suoy)- all veggie dishes suck (in my opinion)The bad?Many rovers, managers to bus boys, are roaming around... This is okay... But some, probably the mangers, have this serious look that is some how a turn off.... I usually don't care but it came off as intrusive. Overall, this will be mostly unnoticeable and should not be a factor in your decision. Oh, and.... The waiter? Where did he go? Oh well. This is a great spot to visit. .... Don't bring your kids, unless they are swaggier than you!Cheers,zBay
Best Chinese food I ever tried! The ox tail dumpling and lobster dumpling are so, so delicious! Wish I can come to eat everyday!
Had a great dining experience last night. The dishes are big enough to share. Must try's - the Peking duck, edamame dumpling, oxtail dumpling,  black cod, monkfish, and the charred beef of filet. The cocktails were good too.
I have Severe food allergies and this place always makes sure I'm taken care of!!! Food is amazing, the drinks are great, the atmosphere is cool and hip.... Fit for foodies... Try the sausage fried rice, the oxtail dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls, steamed sea bass rolls are crazy!!!! Seriously come dine here!!
my favorite restaurant in Manhattan! great ambience, great drinks, great service. the edamame dumplings are to die for! tip: the lounge seating is first come first serve and its every bit as nice as the reservation seating downstairs. if your party is small you should have no problem snagging a table
Found myself a cozy table for 2 at the bar/lounge on a friday night around 6pm. The ambiance is definitely cozy, intimate and sexy, all that you expect it to be. Food however,  was quite disappointing.Tuna tartar springrolls were meh. Bland and tiny.General tso soup dumplings had great flavor but no general tso taste!!! I was so excited and then extremely disappointed.Red chilli snapper definitely needed basic seasoning. It was so bland.Crab sticky rice was delicious!  Soft sticky rice with generous portions of crab. Highly recommended.For dessert, crying chocolate is so good!! Definitely the highlight of my meal. Maybe I'll  come back only for dessert.
Oh yeah, I love this place!!!  Its a sexy Asian fusion restaurant located right next to Chelsea Market.  This restaurant is always busy so reservations are recommended but don't be deterred if you are unable to make a reservation.  You can often find seating in the lounge, where they also serve the full menu...and its great for people watching!  For my meal, I had the chicken-shrimp spring rolls, lobster dumpling, and the duck dumpling soup.  All of the dishes were great and full of flavors that delighted the palette.  The appetizer portions are relatively small (like many places in the city) so take that into consideration when ordering.A must try!!!
Delicious food.  Two of us shared a bunch of small plates and the other two each ordered entrees.  We loved the wonderful variety:  1.  CARROT DUMPLINGS $11 carrots, shiitake mushrooms, scallion fabulous 2. DEVILED TUNA TARTARE $14  chili mayonnaise, scallion.  Just my friend had it and liked it quite a bit.  3. BONELESS SPARE RIBS $14, DELICIOUS  4.  WILD MUSHROOM CHOW FUN $10 with garlic chives DELICIOUS5.  PEKING DUCK FRIED RICE $16  shiitake mushroom, crispy shallot,  delicious6.  WOK CHARRED BROCCOLI $9 garlic, black bean, delicious.  Desserts were TO DIE FOR!1.  CRYING CHOCOLATE $11 malted chocolate ganache, milk caramel, vietnamese coffee ice cream  FABULOUS2. CHOCOLATE FONDANT $12 roasted sour cherries, pistachio ice cream  ALSO FABULOUS!Chocolate martini was great.Nice presentation, nice staff.  Practically impossible to talk because of the extremely loud and very boring music.  Is this a club or a restaurant?   Why the crazy loud music?  We were downstairs in the front left corner with a speaker right above the table.  Would it have been less obtrusive and annoying at another table?  The offered to change our table but we declined due to our own laziness.  The did lower the music a tad but you still needed excellent hearing to hear what anyone said.  Very pretty place and glad to have tried it.    Don't go if you have a hearing deficit.
This place is GREAT. End of story. The food's amazing and yeah, it's pricey, but listen, you already know what you are getting into when you make a reservation there.Atmosphere is fun (although loud), but OH MAN THE FOOD. It's freaking amazing. Let me start with apps. The edamame dumplings are to die for and you need to order 4 orders of them. I'm serious. Any extras you can take home if you want. Also got some spring rolls, which were great too, but just pretty normal tasting.The fish here is fantastic! Got the Cantonese Steamed Sole and it was perfection. So so good. Also got some noodles, which were good, and the veggie rice with saffron which was FANTASTIC.The whole time, the service was totally fantastic and I'll totally be back. Of course, yah, this is a chain place and there's not a lot of CHARACTER, but who the f cares if you are getting super quality tasting food. If you want upscale Chinese, GO HERE NOW. And don't look back.
I am giving Buddakan 3 stars because I had extremely high expectations going in. First let me start by saying the atmosphere and ambience in this place is worth the trip. I have been to many restaurants all over NYC and Buddakan really is special in terms of its setup and inside décor. Service was good...However the kitchen fell apart the night I went. I was in a party of 5 and one small appetizer came out every 15 minutes... we ordered 2 servings of pork buns and both came out over a 25 minute time span... It made us all very restless and hindered the 5 star experience. The second star reduction comes from the portion size and pricing of food. Is it work 60+ dollars for a duck??? I am not so sure... especially if it isn't out of this world (given I am a duck connoisseur). But overall the food was good... Nothing spectacular for the prices they are listed at (thus the reduction of the second star). Would I recommend this place??? Yes definitely, it should be on everyone's list, especially if you are looking for a upscale Asian cuisine restaurant and want to be a part of the chic money oriented crowd that usually attends. But there are much better restaurants in NYC with better prices and a higher quality of food.
Great service, good good, good drinks!I had the haze cocktail. It has lychee I love lychee!Our waiter suggested some items on the menu. Unfortunately  I don't remember what they were called! Well you can see my photos. The steak slices were the best!!Over all the experience was very good. With all Asian fusion in my opinion is always very tasty and delicious. Decor at buddakan was very trendy, dim with a intimate feel. Was the food so great that I would go again... Maybe more for the ambiance but I didn't feel the food was above any other good Asian fusion restaurant, especially for the price you pay. But still was very happy with our experience.
Carrot wonton and short rib were delicious! Our service was great and the food did not give me that "overstuffed" feeling. Glad I went!
One of my favourite places for dinner in the city!! With a date, group of friends, or corporate dinner. The place it is perfect for any occasion. Dishes are original, yummy, and extremely nice presented.Love the long table in the middle!Funny fact: This place appears in SATC movie!
Although the atmosphere is impressive (low noise level, adequate table spacing, good light level), I was most impressed by the food.  My party of three had three appetizers and three entrees which ranged from very good to excellent: -Cantonese spring rolls: the best spring roll I've ever had.  Crisp, no oil, full of great taste and texture including shrimp and lobster.-Edamane dumplings: suprising taste and texture - very good but a bit pasty- I'd probably choose something different next time.-Tea-smoked spare ribs: very good tea flavor rub and fall-off-the-bones soft-Shrimp and lobster chow fun: Excellent again - noodles had just the right amount of bite, sauce was delicious (?X-O sauce), with 3 shrimp and 3 pieces of lobster-Mongolian lamb chops: Excellent, cooked to perfect medium, with sautéed bok choy-Chinese vegetables: Excellent, perfectly cooked and sauced.Total came to $175 with tip for 3 (no drinks and no desert ordered).  Although some might say this is expensive for chinese food, this is at a level of food and ambience far above the average chinese restaurant.  One could easily pay this amount for one or two people at a good French restaurantWould certainly return.
Where to begin, if could dine here everyday I would be delighted. Absolutely nothing bad to say about this restaurant. Prices are a little on the higher side but worth it ($468.00) bill for my 2 daughters, myself  hubby. Would definitely return to this location  because it's closer as to the one in AC which is equally amazing place to dine in
There are highs and lows to dining at Buddakan.Dinner for 6, we chose option 1 of 3 tasting menus, as the others would have been too much food--though we did do the Peking Duck supplement.The tasting is done so there is just enough food per course so that everyone can have a taste of everything.  At $65/ person ($40 additional for duck), it's a fair value.  The drinks on the other hand at an average of at least $15 a pop are not a fair value.  Very weak pours, and not all that inspiring.The service was exceptional.  Our server took the time to explain all of the options, and how everything was prepared, and did a nice job of guiding us into the proper tasting option--by his own admission, option 2 would have been a bit too much, while option 3 would have been absurd for 6.  All of the staff worked like an efficient team, tending to everything while not being obtrusive.  Just an excellent job.As for the food, there were highs and lows.I would not recommend the Peking Duck supplement.  It was merely a so-so version.  I've had better at many an establishment.  It's simply skippable.Of the Aps, I most enjoyed the Crispy Calamari Salad.  The Calamari were tender, lightly fried and not overdressed.  Just a light, refreshing rendition.The Edamame Dumplings were fine, but didn't have very much flavor, nor did the broth in which they were served.The Cantonese Spring Rolls left little to distinguish themselves from the standard fare found in the eggrolls of majority of Chinese restaurants.As for the mains, there were a couple of standouts:The Scallops in particular were spot on.  Perfectly browned, tender and delicious.  A sensational rendition.The Black Cod was also well done.  Properly cooked and well executed.  Perhaps not the most flavorful rendition I've ever had, but I would certainly order it again.The Short Ribs were tender, but a touch on the dry side.  I'm a big fan of short ribs, and this version left me disappointed.  The flavors were there, but they were a touch overcooked, and that dryness simply didn't work so well.  I'd like to think they can do this better.The Chili Chicken was flavorful, but could have used a bit more kick.  The chicken itself was somewhat heavily fried and fairly oily.As for the sides, the Veggie Rice was a totally standard rendition.  The Udon noodles were fine, but the accompanying Lime Sorbet did not work so well.  Just an odd pairing.  I found the Asian Green Stir Fry to be a very tasty rendition.As for the atmosphere, the restaurant is absolutely stunning with exceptional decor and candles on the table.  The music is way too loud for a restaurant, making conversation somewhat difficult.  They really need to take that down a notch.Overall, Buddakan was a good meal, but somewhat uneven with it's ups and downs in food.  At $240 -$250 for the meal per couple, I'm not so sure we got our money's worth.
Buddakan is such a fun place to have dinner or drinks or both, what I like to do.  Food is always great, atmosphere is full of energy, and of course lots of good looking people. Make reservation, always busy and crowded. Hoisin glazed pork belly is amazing, charred filet of beef melts in your mouth, and got to have the Peking duck.  The place is load, but fun. The staff are very helpful and professional. Your in the Meatpacking district, so go and have fun. The main dining room is great, but be careful walking down the stairs, very steep. But, nice view of the dining room from the stairs.
Loved this Resturant! The staff was absolutely amazing. We made reservations and was seated right away. I loved our waiter. He made great wine  appetizer suggestions. It's a good place for couples  groups. Will definitely return.
Amazing ambience and service. Top notch. However, for the cash I had to shell out, I was hoping for high quality. That was unfortunately not the case. I would try other places if you are looking for good food. If you are not that picky about quality, but are looking for a place with a nice ambience, then definitely go here.
Excellent dinner Saturday night! Everything was spot on - food, drinks, service, a fantastic expereince and will be back soon!
Yum! A bit larger than most NYC restaurants (read as: corporate serving) but fine eating and detailed service nonetheless.My mistake: devouring the first course on the tasting menu. There's so much more to come! And although this sounds cliche, I mean it: save room for dessert.
Wow!There is nothing bad to say about this place. Just go there and ENJOY.Two person dinner and we shared four different Dim Sums, one side order and two desserts. Four glasses of sparkling white and the bill was 200 USD with tip 20% added.We are from Sweden and we really recommend decent clothing and no shorts!
First, I am not sure why anyone would not rate this place with 5 stars. The food is phenomenal, the ambience is warm and preppy, and the service is impeccable!I went here on a Friday night with my wife. For appetizers, we had the edamame dumplings and the short ribs and scallion pancake. Both were very flavorful and the portion sizes were perfect for two people. For our entrees, we had the black pepper beef, the broken chili chicken, and the wok tossed noodles with prawns. The beef was cooked exactly how you would want a filet or ribeye to be cooked--medium! The chicken was tender and perfectly flavorful. The noodles were just perfect!For dessert, we had the crying chocolate and the almond banana pudding with whiskey ice cream. I can't say enough good things about either one of them. Both desserts were done just right.Finally, service was very good. From the host and hostess that greeted us to our server, everyone was warm, friendly and very courteous.For reference, to the extent that it may help you gauge the quality of my review, I am a qualified food snob.
Great restaurant. Second time back. Big group so did family style everything. Can't say enough about the chili vegetable spring rolls and anamame dumplings. Specialty drinks tranquility and royal were fantastic before meal. A++
This place was amazing. The food, service, and atmosphere were all very pleasing.I made a reservation and was seated upon entering the restaurant. Our server was very knowledgeable, eloquent and helpful in selecting dishes as first times guests. We opted for three appetizers (hoisin glazed pork belly, rock shrimp and lobster egg rolls), a main entree with two sides (charred filet of beef, vegetable fried rice, and pork lo mein) and finished everything off with a dessert (chocolate fondant). Our food arrived not too long after placing the order and literally every dish was amazing. The rock shrimp was our favorite!Definitely try this place at least once you'll love it!
So, this place was recommended to me by my friends in NYC. Of course, I immediately booked a reservation since I wanted to get my eat on!FOOD/DRINK - 5 Stars:Drinks (yelp.com/biz_photos/budd…): - Fever which has mezal, jalapeno, lime, and pomegranate.- Dream which has bacardi lime, shochu, guava, and mint.Entrees:- Singapore Chili King Crab (yelp.com/biz_photos/budd…)- Lobster Fried Rice (yelp.com/biz_photos/budd…)- Sizzling Short Rib with Chow Fun (yelp.com/biz_photos/budd…)Dessert:- Crying Chocolate (yelp.com/biz_photos/budd…), which is full of a ton of chocolate!I couldn't get enough of the fried rice and the short ribs with chow fun. Rice is always good and adding lobster just makes it that much better. The chow fun paired with a huge piece of short ribs was perfect. It was tender and falling apart. Now for my favorite, the Singapore chili king crab was THE BEST. It wasn't difficult to pull out the meat as it was shelled in way where you just pull it out with practically no effort. And the chili just added to the deliciousness of it all. I still have dreams of it! Hahaha.The night came to end with chocolate which is the best way to end a meal. Not only did it look amazing, but it tasted amazing... a very rich chocolate flavor which wasn't overpowering. I want some more right now actually. LOL!ATMOSPHERE - 5 Stars: This place is dark and very intimate. I loved the inside of this place. It was really a great last dinner before having to come back to LA. The decor in here is pretty cool too. I really liked everything and the vibe.SERVICE - 5 Stars: The staff here were friendly and courteous. Our waiter was really cool too and helped us make some choices since we wanted to kind of get a taste of everything without over ordering.RECOMMENDATION: I truly love this place and I will come back. I think everyone should come here and check it out. The food is amazing and you'll definitely be wanting more.
Love this place.The food, the service, the ambience...it just doesn't get any better. Furthermore, making a reservation is super easy and they treat all their customers with the utmost respect. One of my favorite Asian restaurants.
This is a impressive looking restaurant when you walk in, all though it's hard to distinguish that it's a restaurant at all from the outside. The Dan Dan noodles were very spicy. The fried rice was my favorite dish of the night. The signature edamame dumplings were okay. The server seemed knowledgable about the wine list on top of being friendly. When pouring one of our wines, most of it ended up on the table opposed to in the glass. The manager showed up a few minutes later and offered a complimentary dessert for the mishap. Great service, awesome decor, better than average food. Solid 4.
This restaurant was one of the most awesome dining experiences I've ever had (and I dine out often). The attention to detail and excellence tells you that you are someplace special and that you are special for being there. The most amazing things to ever touch my palette were their edamame dumplings. I ate them slowly. Very...very...slowly. I did not want them to end. So be sure to include them when you are ordering. Service, food, and decor is impeccable. Worth every penny.
This place is not messin' around!The lobster fried rice: oh mah gawd : amazing!!The tofu which my friend ordered was great too. I loved the unexpected pieces of pineapple in this dish too.What I love most about this place though is the decor.It's very French inspired for an Asian restaurant. Each space is also decorated very uniquely, I.e the bottom room has got this enormous dinner table which is lined atop with beautiful Euro styled chandeliers. Each room opposite the main room has a few private tables.The high ceilings add to the drama.Check it out when in the MP district. You won't be disappointed.Oh, but call ahead for reservations. They do fill up quickly.
Buddakan is a mysterious, almost foreboding black box that served as our destination for a small dinner celebrating victory over cancer. The interior is nearly as dark as the exterior - this is the darkest, sexiest restaurant I've ever visited. As so many others have mentioned, the main dining room is stunning in size and appearance; there is no way of guessing that such a large, grand, open space exists in what appears to be a small, conspicuously inconspicuous building. There were at least five other distinct dining spaces as well as the large lounge, although you might not even realize there's a bar there while your eyes are busy adjusting themselves. They may realize this, as we were seated in this area first - presumably to grab a cocktail. We were too hungry to wait much longer to order, so we opted to be seated at our table.Cocktails, of course, were the first things we ordered. The cocktail menu, which makes significant use of Asian ingredients, definitely skews toward the sweet side; so while each was enjoyable (we sampled four different recipes), I found myself wanting something more straightforward. Some of them could even be mistaken as Latin American in nature.Although many dishes caught our eye, we settled on the edamame dumplings and chili rock shrimp. These dishes were truly exceptional - I could have ordered three plates of the dumplings and been perfectly satisfied. Like biting into tiny clouds. The edamame itself had a perfect smooth texture while the shallot-sauternes broth enhanced them further. Rock shrimp are indeed distinctive from regular shrimp, with their creamy texture and flavor. The chili and toasted ginger were a very nice, if a bit sweet, preparation for them.These appetizers set the stage for spectacular main dishes, but things got a little confusing. My hot  sour scallops, served over a bed of tofu, sweet corn and black mushrooms, were delicious and perfectly cooked. However, there were just three medium sized scallops. I thought it was a joke at first - as an entrée portion, it was quite small, borderline appetizer. Other Buddakan locations serve four or five scallops for the same dish (thanks, Google). For $26, at this place, I'd expect four... not five, and certainly not three.With that off my chest, the other dishes for this course - all entrée-sized, thankfully - included the Kung Pao monkfish (which I deemed the winner of the entrées), charred filet of beef and lobster fried rice. The beef dish was bewildering: a bowl of what was supposed to be "crispy wontons" was actually taro and lotus root chips. A small vessel of a tasty sauce sat next to them, while a smear of mustard arced along the perimeter of the plate. It wasn't clear what sauce went where or why the wontons were missing. The lobster fried rice, mentioned in the most reviews for this Buddakan listing, was just kind of there. It sounds delicious at first - and sure, the lobster wasn't overcooked and the rice wasn't overly greasy - but when you realize how plain it is, you'll wish you got something else. Kung Pao preparation was perfect for this succulent hunk of monkfish. Quite plainly, it was awesome.Desserts - hyperstylized compared to our other courses and on the precious side - fell a little flat as well. Crying chocolate (another oft-mentioned dish), had awesome Vietnamese coffee ice cream, but the liquid center of the actual cake wept an unappealing clear sugar liquid as if its innards had separated. The crumbs, caramel and gold-laden chocolate plank were ... inconsequential. The citrus semifreddo was quite flamboyant, certainly the attention-seeker of the dessert menu. Perched on a crumbly kaffir lime genoise sat a delicately flavored semifreddo sandwich, accompanied by a pile of absolutely wonderful candied grapefruit and small dollops of yummy lime curd. The anise-flavored gelatin cubes were really over the top. Before I forget, I have absolutely no complaints about our server. He was only there when we needed him and everything was well-timed. There was an awkward moment of confusion when a busboy removed only my setting from the table (...hey! I needed those), but it was rectified quickly. Next time, I'd skip the cocktail menu and opt for a heavier dessert like the bread pudding. Clearly I already have a plan  look forward to returning soon.
This place was awesome!  The appetizers and main courses were beyond reproach.  Everything tasted fresh and the flavors were amazing.  The place has great ambiance and an interesting look.  I would definitely recommend this place and intend to go back soon!The only problem we had was the weight: about an hour past our reservation.  The staff was apologetic, but that's all.  We thought they would comp a drink or an appetizer, but all we got for the wait was an apology.
Have had dinner at Buddakan before and it was great! Today I decided to get takeout and it was awful! I ordered the chicken/shrimp spring rolls, veg fried rice, chilli chicken and lamb noodles. The portions were SO small, food did not taste good at all, and chilli chicken wAs dry and roasted chicken with no sauce and some spring onions sprinkled on top. I could make that at home in 20 minutes! Do not take out from this place- you will be disappointed! Manager who took our order was also an @ss on the phone .
Atmosphere: 5/5Service: 5/5Food: 2/5First thought: "Wow, this place is sexy."Service was awesome. You would expect the staff to be snooty and hoity-toity in such an establishment... However, they were actually pretty chill. It was pouring rain and my friend ran here in her shower flip-flops, heels in hand. When we left, she accidentally abandoned those dirty little things underneath the table and one of the male staff excitedly told us, "dude that's awesome--no one's ever done that before!" and got us a bag to put them in. Ha ha ha.Food was the deal-breaker in my book. We had ten people and I think we all agreed that the food was sub-par. Edamame Dumplings: we all thought it tasted like mashed potatoes...Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly Buns: the best part of our meal--delicious!Lobster Fried Rice: not good, it left a weird after-taste in my mouthDungeoness Crab Sticky Rice: salty and "meh"Cocktails were strong and yummy. I had the Longevity cocktail.AHH! Buddakan, I REALLY wanted to love you! :/
4.5 stars--yet another NYC favorite that consistently delivers after several visits. The trendy, upbeat ambiance is certainly what steals the show but the food and cocktails are absolutely delicious and worth returning for as well. Would recommend planning far in advance--weekend reservations book up quickly. Looking forward to our next visit!
wonderful  space and decoration very attentive serving would give a 5 star for that.The food overall lacks the WOW moment but defenetley something to come back for a night out.
This is one of those trendy places were the food is just okay but you come here for the scene. That is, if you're into a lot of people from New Jersey scattered together with many tourists and a few lame guys trying to impress girls.The drinks are really sweet but also strong and tasty.Tried the dim sum dumplings which were delicious. Duck salad with a runny egg was lackluster and the meat was barely there. Scallop entree was way overpriced for just 3 little scallops. My favorite dish which was actually cracktastickly addicting was the side of green beans. It comes with some kind of powdered lime and ground pork and holy sh*t it was delicious. Just get that. And dumplings. And drinks. For such a huge place, service is pretty decent. I would come here for drinks and appetizers before a night out in the meatpacking district. On the rare occasion that I would actually go out in the area.
My absolutely most favorable Asian restaurant EVER. Forget about that old, in-updated, worse-service-ever, TAO. As a vegetarian I found plenty of dishes to my liking especially this 'dream-in a dim-sum' first course of the ademame dumplings. Can't wait to go again. For the desert lovers- I'm not a big fan of the sweets but the green tea doughnut is one of the best sweet dishes, most interesting things I've ever tried. The cocktails are super, too. Enjoy it:) a must if you are in NYC
We had a large event and they did a great job, but rushed us along.
This place is always a surprise. I came here several times and I am amazed at the size of the restaurant and quality control in the kitchen. Every dish here has been very good. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
My wife and I have been there on dinner dates a couple times. Getting a reservation is a pain, but the ambience is worth it, so is the food. Service is great too!Some of our favorites are Edamame Dumpling, Chili Rock Shrimp, Boneless Short Ribs.Cocktails like Haze and Fate would be our picks, but fun to roulette around and find your own favorites!
My boyfriend took me for valentines day! Loved everything about it! Cosmopolitans were amazing! Actually everything was good! We tried everything that was on the most recommended list (Edamame dumplings tasted like heaven really!) The duck was not worth $45 though! And keep away from their $8 water! Thats a little ridic
Oooh, this place is sexy. I was visiting the bf in NYC and he recommended Buddakan because of their legendary edamame dumplings. Reasons why I love Buddakan:1) Reservations:  Surprisingly, not too difficult to book! I made a reservation for 2 for a Friday night at 7:15pm and a table was readily available one week in advance. Niiice. 2) Decor/Service:  Did you know the Sex and The City movie was filmed here?! Not that this was the major draw, but man oh man, the interior design of Buddakan makes you feel like you're stepping into royalty. Beautiful colors on the wall, large dining areas where you're not breathing on the diners next to you, I mean, just check out the photos for yourself. The restaurant's foyer makes you feel like you're checking into a hotel in Vegas or stepping into a nightclub. Techo/pop music permeates the room, and the uber-friendly staff don't make you feel uncomfortable one bit for wearing jeans and sneakers (hey, I was coming from my 9-5!) while everyone else is dressed like fashion show attendees. ***Cool perk:  They have a coat check! Coming from Cali, I hadn't experienced that before, so it was nice that I was able to check in my laptop bag since I was coming from work. 3) Food (duh): As many others have mentioned, EDAMAME DUMPLINGS ARE A MUST. The edamame is grinded up and stuff into rice paper dumplings wrap. Very simple dish, no special sauces needed to make this delicious. We also ordered the Scallion Pancakes w/Braised Beef Short Rib -- the combo of the salty beef + sweet green apple is such an unique taste. For veggies, Cauliflower Stir Fry was spicy and sweet, and paired well with the Charred Filet of Beef that we ordered as our main entree. As for dessert, do NOT leave Buddakan without trying the CRYING CHOCOLATE. Sweet coffee ice cream paired with bitter dark chocolate ganache and ground coffee. What a sweet caffeine high!
thought this place may be more sceney than good food, but boy was I wrong.atmosphere - 5 stars (main room or downstairs in the library room)food - 5 stars (edamame dumplings, tuna tartare)service - 5 stars (i love it when a waiter tells me honestly things they dont like on the menu)easily over $100/head but worth it
This place was awesome. Loved the ambiance and the jumbo shrimp were delightful... unfortunately the kitchen had a malfunction and we were told no more hot food will be available. Even though we were disappointed, we were given champagne and the food that we did have was not charged to us.The staff was very polite and apologetic. We will definitely go back to actually have a full meal. I gave a higher rating because of the potential hopefully they will follow through next time.
Very good drinks. And duck. And service.Feels a bit crowded, but it is tolerable. Good spot for a girls night out.
Beautiful restaurant. I went here with a group of friends and our waiter was such a sweetie. He recommended something for each of us based on our likes. The service by the bussers was a bit annoying since they kept of bring us the wrong things. The appetizers and entrées were decent but nothing to rave about. The drinks and desserts made up for this though. They were excellent.
I really enjoyed an early dinner last week Friday at Buddakan. We were a  party of 10 celebrating a birthday, and from the moment we arrived until we left was an enjoyable experience. The food, service and ambiance of the restaurant was phenomenal. For starters we ordered a variety of appetizers, which included the spicy rock shrimp, smoked ribs and a several Dim Sum dumpling selections. The Entrees were also very good. It was my first time eating duck and it was very good. The food was well seasoned and tender.  Buddakan is definitely on my list of top 5 restaurants, and I will be returning.
great food, chic atmosphere  all around nice place to dine. I had the whole crispy fish for my entree and every last bit of it was delish. *muah!*I was pretty full after my entree but was somehow able to make room once the dessert got to the table  so glad I was ;-]Tip: Have a taste of the chocolate spare ribs. It's worth trying at least once in your life.
You cannot believe how big this place is!!! This is on the same level as TAO. Good food, big space but very touristy.
Great appetizers and ambiance.  We came here for dinner on Christmas night.  Technically a 3.5 star rating, if I could.  Big Resturant and lots of places to get a table here...we sat downstairs in library room and two of us sharing a single very comfortable seat.  This made this Resturant a surprisingly attractive and comfortable place and although we expected a trendy place like this to be more of a loud, group gathering place (and from the available large seating layouts around, I suspect this place serves very well for group get togethers, as well), it was certainly very well suited for more intimate party of two as well.  As far as food, the appetizers were the gem here.  The edamame dumplings and the appetizer dum sung sampler for two was fantastic.  The rest, the main course, was very run-of-the-mill...nothing that special.
Love it here. Great atmosphere, amazing food. A little pricy, but this is New York!
Came here with some friends and had a good time - but the waiter tried just about everything he could to ruin it.Food was good, tried about a dozen things and things were solid to good - the portions are tiny though so be warned. 3 to 4 stars here.The problem was the waiter who was short with us and clearly wanted to turn the table over.  I eat out quite a bit... see helluva lot of yelp reviews... and we weren't sitting there or lingering in the least bit.  Maybe the guy was having a bad day, maybe it was another table, maybe it was something we did without realizing it... but its a reflection on the place and gives me second thoughts as to going back.
Not sure how someone could write a bad review about this place...it was incredible. From the simple yet decadent decor to the outstanding food, Buddakan delivered a dining experience to remember. We shared several apps, highlighted by the lobster spring rolls. For main entrees I highly recommend the black cod and Peking duck--both 10/10.
This is a must go place in New York City. Their main courses are pretty filling in quantity. Desserts are the best. Tip: make a reservation before you go.
Excellent service, atmosphere and yummy food. It is noisy for a date or conversation.  Reserve on advance tho, it gets crowded for dinner
One of my favorite asian fusion restaurants in Manhattan. The restaurant honored my reservation time as we were seated exactly when we reserved a table, which rarely happens these days. I was expecting at least a 10 minute wait due to it being crowded.Ambiance: Buddakan is a pretty large restaurant and hard to tell outside looking in. The place is pretty dark but it adds to the art, music, and vibe that the restaurant has to offer. Food: The food is delicious, small servings, and pricey. Start off with the The short ribs because they are amazing!!!! After order the shrimp and lobster chow fun. Then wash it down with the Royal. Money well spent! Good for: This is a place you can go with friends for drinks and dinner. Buddakan is also great for one on one dates. The dim lights can make for a nice intimate dinner.Service: The service was shockingly over the top. The waiter asked my date how her meal was multiple times where it was noticeable that she really. The waiter over did a bit but it was very much appreciated.One of my top 10 asian fusion restaurants in Manhattan
The service here was exceptional. We were celebrating the night we went, and everyone, from the seater, to the server was amazing. The chef even came out to see how we were doing! They even gave us a free drink. General Tsos dumplings were excellent and the main courses were very good too. Highly recommend this.
I've been here twice and couldn't be more satisfied. I find myself dreaming about the rock shrimp which is a MUST-HAVE in my book. The lobster fried rice is tasty and pretty much everything else I have tried. The atmosphere is great for a first date: classy, elegant and trendy. If you have a reservation things will go smoothly, otherwise you might be waiting a while. Service is quick and not bothersome as most places usually tend to feel for me. Quality food and good atmosphere just can't be beat.
What a phenomenal restaurant - we stopped in Sunday night for dinner.  They were booked in the restaurant so we sat in the bar.  The dining room is dramatic and exquisitely appointed.  We enjoyed the shrimp and lobster chow fun, Singapore chili king crab and Peking duck fried rice - we were really impressed with everything.Only docked them a star for very average service - had to request a server after sitting at our table for 10 minutes - drinks weren't readily refilled.  Don't hesitate to consider Buddakan for a beautiful night out.
I had been looking forward to coming here for some time but had, overall, a quite underwhelming experience.  The place is very cool, and even a couple of dorks like my husband and I felt a little cool being there.  Our server was very helpful and attentive, but assured us that we hadn't ordered too much food when, in actuality, we had ordered enough to feed four adults. The greatest downfall was the food. It was pretty to look at, but everything was smothered in a sweet sauce.  The oxtail dumplings and the sausage fried rice were probably the least sweet dishes we had, and they were still pretty sweet.  The black cod (recommended by the server) was fresh and cooked well, but SO sweet.  The cauliflower - sweet; the chow fun with mushrooms - sweet.  The best part of the meal was the one unfiltered sake on the menu.If you're there to feel cool, this is the place for you. But if you actually want good Chinese food that isn't smothered in sticky sweetness, head to Chinatown or Flushing.
Awesome atmosphere!! The food, I thought was gonna be spectacular. And it was pretty good, I'll have to say. I didn't think that what we got was worth the numbering on the price though. Regardless, really good eats and worth checking it out. Dim sum for two, edemame dumplings were just a few of what I remember getting. The lamb chops were not cooked the way we requested and unfortunately some of it went uneaten. But the steak was unreal amazing! The sauce that came with it was perfect.
Kung pao monkfish is absolutely one of the top ten dishes I have ever had. The monkfish - a hideous beast in its living form - was morphed into this crispy sweet mildly sticky florette if you will. Then two seconds after a bite the heat hits you """""" if they aren't using Sriracha I was fooled. Awesome .Oxtail dumpling had an earthiness I wasn't expecting. Nice and hearty but spiced well.Black cod was a sweet glazed piece. Nice char to the fish and perfectly cooked. This cod is on every Japanese restaurant menu but not prepared to this perfection. An awesome surprise and a highly recommended dish if you want something memorable but also safe if you are worried about trying stuff you might hate.For us, this is a place to try all the different weird dishes you would normally pass.The most advantageous depiction of westernized Asian fusion I have experienced yet.This is a must have and must have many courses.The three things above were just my most memorable.....
Can't imagine New Yorkers eat here , Food is average at best , it came out 3 mins after we ordered , that's a Red flag straight away , obnoxious waiter trying to trap you in to 75 dollars a head sharing plates  ( for Chinese food ) then had a attitude when we declined and a sarcastic grin on his face , 3 times we had too wave for him for drinks and water , he didn't want to know when we didn't bite for the 75 dollars a head . Overpriced overhyped tourist trap here , in a city blessed with great places to eat ! Don't waste your money here .
Loved everything about this place. They even made waiting for your table enjoyable in the lounge, someone came to take our drink order and everything. The lychee martini was great and so was the drink at the top of the menu that was a twist on a Long Island ice tea, so good. The Peking duck fried rice was to die for. I also loved the cauliflower balls, the pork belly buns, and these wide noodles. The chili rock shrimp that everyone raves about was fine, but I could take it or leave it. I've had better and I would prefer to leave room for the other more amazing things on the menu. All in all, I can't wait to come back here again!
The place has great decor, it's one of those fancy chinese restaurants that have tastefully sleek Asian decor. I mean don't get me wrong I had a great dinner, the music was not loud and my friends and I had good conversation, service was solid. But wow you really pay for where you're eating at. I guess it's cause I'm Asian but paying for expensive fried rice or dumplings really hurts me some type of way. But at least it was still good! I would recommend this place if you wanted asian food but wanted somewhere like obviously flashier
Came here for my 30th birthday dinner with my boyfriend and 5 friends. My bf had been wanting to take me here for awhile and always raved about the edamame dumplings... well they didn't disappoint! We chose to do the premium tasting menu and every single item was phenomenal! Not only was the food amazing, so was the service! Our waitress was attentive and fun and made he night overall one to remember. Can't wait to go back!
Really good fusion restaurant in Chelsea. Food is excellent but is designed for more of a sharing type meal. Service is excellent and so is the decor.Great place for date night or after work with a small group of people. Can also accommodate large parties.Expensive but not super expensive.
Celebrated my birthday here last year and it was phenomenal. From the staff to the drinks to the perfectly cooked meals, it was an overall satisfying experience. A must go to when visiting NYC.
BEAUTIFUL place! I made a reservation for my husbands birthday! The food was delicious!!! We were seated in the main dining room where the huge chandeliers were, it was fancy! I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for something different (although the prices are high, it is worth it)We got there on time and our table was ready, when you get in the restaurant there's is a guy checking in your coat  our waiter was the best! He knew exactly the best and popular dishes and recommended us several which were amazing!I would definitely come back!
Ambiance was great.Service in the lounge was excellent.... Brian - you rock!Everything we ordered was delicious!!!! Oxtail dumplings Edamame dumplingsPeking duck fried riceSnow peasAlaskan black cod - better than roys Butterfish Lamb chopsBanana puddingPricey. But worth it. Not to mention I'm a huge SATC fan. Hehe.
Awesome ambience and great food! Highly recommend the General Tso's dumplings! Everything we had was amazing.
Buddakan, hands down one of my top favorite of restaurants to come too. I had reservations today for a party of 9 at 745 - it was my youngest sisters 21st birthday and I couldn't be more happier for the experience. We were greeted with a warm welcome. Coat checked. The lounge/ waiting bar area is very darkly lit with huge waiting tables where you can have a few cocktails whilst waiting for your entire party to arrive. That's the only annoying part, you won't be seated till your entire party has arrived. However, it wasn't too bad waiting considering everyone was occupied with socializing and drinks. Then we were lead downstairs where all the magic happens! The ambiance is gorgeous! High ceilings, an extremely Parisian feel. Our waiter Kevin, by far the sweetest guy in the room was extremely accommodating and helpful. I had ordered the spicy yellowtail which is 10/10 for an appetizer. It melted in your mouth and all the different blends of garnishing complemented the yellow tail so perfectly. Nothing too over whelming. It was so good that I ordered another round!The entree I had ordered was charred filet of beef, it came with mustard sauce and some crispy type of chips. I'm certain they were wonton chips. I ordered my beef medium rare, and again it was cooked to perfection. It cut and melted in your mouth like butter. The entree size was great as well, nothing too small and nothing too big. It was a solid 9/10. Only slight downfall for me personally is it was salty and I don't eat too much salt at all, still, nonetheless it was very good. The third thing I ordered was the general tso's dumplings. They were steamed and also very good. The fourth thing I ordered was the tuna tartare. I love tartare in general but this was perfect. It didn't taste fishy or any of that. Buddakan's food is amazing and our waiter made our visit over the top! Would HIGHLY recommend to everyone! This place has its own type of magic in the air and you can feel it the moment you enter. They truly have exceptional customer service and excel in hospitality.
Overpriced, Americanized Chinese food.  This was the first place I ate at after landing in NYC and it was a huge disappointment!  Their portions are so small and so expensive and they don't even taste authentic!! It pretty much tastes like Panda Express.  However, I give it 2 stars, because the inside of the restaurant is really cool, although all of the tables are really close to each other and it's pretty loud inside.
Went here for my friend's birthday and it was about 6 of us. The atmosphere is great and it's enjoyable especially if you're a sex and the city fan. I ordered their duck salad with string beans on the side. The salad was really good especially the dressing. My friends got fried rice orders and a chicken dish. It's a nice place to go for a girls night.
The entrance and tall door is quite hidden, and albeit it's 12 feet tall, it's a single door that's dark.  Open it, and a world of discovery ensues.  Buddakan is regal, sexy, has warm yet subdued colors, and is indeed a spectacle with its architecture with tasteful huge classic art panels.  Check-in at the 6 person hosted desk area, and wait in the bar for your table to be ready just long enough to a drink a spendy cocktail.The music is pumping and more than the background, lounge-type, creating quite a hot and sexy environment.  A hostess will come find you, and take you to your table. There's at least a few types of seating areas and 2-floors.  Reminded of dining in a museum, stark and tasteful design with outstanding architecture for a restaurant.The menu is pricey, but portions are quite generous.  Plan on 2-3 items per person among the appetizers, entrees, and rice/noodle dishes.  Of course, don't eat too much to miss out on amazing desserts and after dinner drinks and coffees.THE ORDER1. Edamame Dumplings ($15) -- a mashed potato-like texture, the broth was very delicate and mixed with beautiful taste of truffle.  5 of them, I could live on these.  (5.0 stars)2. Cantonese Spring Rolls ($15) - 3 chunky fried egg rolls.  These could be, my friends, the best I've ever had.  Served with a creamy mustard sauce (not hot just tremendous flavor).  Wow.  I guess it's a lot more pricey than what we experience normally, but oh so worth it.  (5.0 stars) 3. Glazed Alaskan Black Cod ($33) - perhaps the second best I've ever had behind something Nobu/Matsuhisa serves.  Very much compares to a Miso Cod.  Amazing, and shouldn't be missed.  (5.0 stars)4. Dungeness Crab Sticky Fried Rice ($23) - served in an empty crab shell, it's quite a nice presentation but this falls short.  Boring, has crab flavor but not enough in the way of crab pieces.  Give me shrimp fried rice for $12-15 any day from another place.  (3.5 stars)  5. Jameson ($18) - an ample pour over the rocks, but it is $18 worth.  (4.0 stars)THE MISSI ate alone, and yes, ordered all of the above.  But, a problem left me with a HUGE hole.  I missed out on the desserts, and they looked AWESOME.  Don't feel bad, I'll go back.THE SERVICEEvery instance of service from the check-in process, the hostess, and servers and assistants...all pro, even elegant and friendly.  Kudos to all, but especially Ben who was delightful.CONCLUSIONAll in all, an amazing experience.  Perfect for a date or a business function, you'll be made to feel special.
Come here for the ambiance. Perfect for large gatherings, parties, birthdays, and dates.-------------------------------------------------------------------Get the Lobster Egg Roll.The food is solid. Preparation is beautiful.-----------------------------Attentive service. ---------------------I will be back.
OMG.....the people, the place, the ambiance!!!! AMAZING!Let me not forget the food......the food melts in your mouth. All of the positive reviews about this place are not enough to give you the full experience. DEFINITELY A MUST GO EAT!!!  We ate the edammae dumplings, lobster rolls, cod, lobster fried rice...and finished it off with Bread pudding. Im not a huge bred pudding fan, however the whiskey ice cream that compliments the bread pudding, screams in your mouth.DEFINITELY A MUST GO EXPERIENCE!
IN SHORT: What happens when you fill a cavernous 16,000 square-foot space beneath Chelsea Market with chandeliers the size of a West Village studio and faux tapestries as tall as the foyer of a Beverly Hills mansion? You think you get a nightclub? Not quite. Surprisingly, with the help of Stephen Starr, you get a smart restaurant cooking Chinese food better than it has to be.THE STORY: When the idea for a large group dinner at Buddakan was first proposed a few weeks ago, one of our party thought we were discussing a trip to "Buddha-Con," a Comic-Con-like event for Buddhist enthusiasts. She still readily agreed, probably because I've suggested going to stranger things in the past. And while I have no idea if such a convention actually exists, I imagine Buddakan would be a good home for it, so large and vibrant is the space.Plus, if I had to take a guess, the only other place to find a staircase that rivals the regal, towering set of steps at Buddakan is probably at the excessively garish country estate of a Malaysian billionaire. Or perhaps the Time Warner Center. Regardless, at Buddakan, two of these stairs lead to a show-stopping, golden-hued, glorious dining room that is somehow the stage for thoughtfully composed fusion dishes.Many of the dishes take inspiration from traditional flavors and techniques, particularly the Dim Sum, which is made by local Chinatown cooks before every service. The Cantonese Spring Rolls with chicken and shrimp and the Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls with crispy shallot and ponzu should kick off every meal, surprising the palette with a refreshing, plump bite inside a crispy shell.Even with these nods toward tradition, however, there is still creativity in the cooking. The Short Rib with mushroom chow fun and asian pear was rich but freshened delightfully with the crispiness of the fruit, and the Alaskan Black Cod with chili eggplant and a black bean relish was tender enough to melt on first bite. The Mao Poe Tofu with minced pork and red chili was fiery and rich, with more texture and flavor previously thought possible from the smooth soybean curd.Because the restaurant is perfect for a girls night out, the Peking Duck Fried Rice with shiitake mushrooms and crispy shallot, though perhaps the most ordinary item on the menu, may have also made more than one appearance at our table, as did the flirtatiously titled cocktails, Fate and Charm, both made from fruity liqueurs, fresh fruit, and prosecco. If Buddakan is going to look like a festival-meets-nightclub, it might as well serve drinks worthy of one, too.All of these plates are meant to be shared family style, and the charming staff excels at portioning every plate to the size of the group. Sex and the City fans may also appreciate Buddakan even more, remembering it as the glittering site of Carrie Bradshaw's engagement party. If one is somehow able to see further than 10 feet in the deliriously dim labyrinth of rooms spreading out from the main dining room, Miranda and Samantha and their posse of 30- or 40-something friends may still be spotted clinking cocktails next to a high school graduation party. Festive and fabulous, there doesn't seem to be an age limit to enjoying Buddakan, although I wouldn't necessarily rush to take my more cultured mother when she's visiting from out of town.The theatrically-sized space can seat 275 very spaciously, with room for about 50 more around the shadowy bar with low tables and cushions perfect for tucking away in the darkness. It's a wonder then, in a space that relishes in such excess, that the food is restrained, and the service charming and personable. That's truly the wonder of Buddakan: while the attitude of the space itself lends to playing dress up, the staff smiles and promises excellent service to those coming just as they are.
Table of 3 where we shared appetizers and entrees.Drinks: Fate and Reflection ( which I liked a lot)Apps:-Edamame dumplings---Not as mind blowing as I was expecting but still good. Green, tasty almost wants to taste like green tea.-Hoisin glazed pork belly----now THAT was awesome. Favorite appetizer. One of those dishes that makes you regret you were sharing. The  bun was really light and soft. Pork came sweet and juicy. Just perfect!-Chili rock shrimp w toasted ginger----Good taste but I thought the shrimp was drenched too much in the sauce.-Lobster fried rice------- Really really good. Nice lobster chunks cooked in good seasoning.Entrees-Sizzling short ribs-------Great portion size of  juicy shredded beef. -Char Siu Roasted pork-----Favorite entree dish of the night! Once again they do pork really nicely here. Sadly too stuffed to get dessert.  We were really eyeing that crying chocolate. Despite some great stars in the menu, I feel the justification of the price is really for the super upscale dark and sexy decor (as seen in SATC). Good service but very loud atmosphere especially upstairs where were seating.Would not be opposed to returning for a special occasion.
Beautiful decorGood food...pricey but would be a great date night.
Great food and ambiance. Tasting menu is great for groups and gives you opportunity to try variety and not to have to make decisions on what to try from a la carte menu.Lights over our table a bit dim so hard to see food and part of my enjoyment of food is seeing it.
It was cool. I went for a birthday dinner with a group of girls. It's nice for special occasions but not something I would do alone or on a date..it's way to loud.But the abeyance is great, food is good.
food is way overrated, I don't get the buzz.. It's really pretty inside though, I'll give it that. Overall, not that impressed.
Great food, terrible service in the lounge area. You're better off making a reservation in advance. Good pork buns. Strong drinks!
I was here for a StyleCaster event for Fashion Week, so I can't review the food. The ambiance here is very beautiful with a bar in the front and lots of dining table space downstairs with a very high ceiling. The wifi was great. And the bathrooms were dimly lit with music. The staff here was also very friendly. The prices for the food, such as dim sum start around the teens, which is definitely on the expensive end. I would give it a try, say during Restaurant Week to see if the food matches the ambiance and worthy of the price.
Everyone knows this place is good. Super trendy, reservation needed, loud music, social scene, great bar and the food does stand up. We always get many things to share and the food is amazing. The drinks are creative and good to. Go late and make sure to make a reservation. The hostess station could use an attitude adjustment but the restaurant and food are the bomb!
Amazing food. Amazing service. Great place.The venue is beautiful, and really not what you imagine you are walking into, a secret escape!The food cannot be faulted, this was my 3rd time and it just gets better
Went to this place with my girlfriend and was seated by an employee that was a dopleganger of the villain in the Incredibles. The ambiance of the main room was very warm, due to the huge ceilings and great lighting. To much chagrin, we were seated in a different room. Our server was a very nice woman but just lacked intelligence. For example, I ordered a drink and she never brought it out. Also, she spilled water on my girlfriends leg and never even acknowledged that it occurred. Food wise, the rock shrimp was the best part of the meal. Also, I recommend the Shanghai king krab legs. The sauce was great. In general, the food was great. It's a shame that bad service ruined my meal.
Had dinner here on a visit to New York. I have to say this is one of my favourite places in New York. Everything was exceptional from the app to the dessert. I wouldn't normally order a coffee from an Asian restaurant but they even nailed that. The attention to detail in the decor is unreal as was the service.
This is one of my Favorite Restaurants in the city,Great ambiance,Romantic and stylish just what NY city is about,Food is amazing,The black bean scallops,tofu eggplant and my favorite the edamame dumplings,A must try place if you are in NY.
They call their dishes "sharing size" needless to say we had to order 2 or 3 more of each to attempt to become full of the food.
After much contemplating, I decided to have my birthday dinner here. And much like me, this place is Americanized Chinese. While the food was really good, the value was lacking. The practical Chinese part of me was disappointed by the value to food ratio. I could just hear my parents scolding me as the dishes arrived, "AI- YA!! Gum Gway! Doa mo yea sigt..." (Translation: AI- YA!! Soooo expensive, there's nothing to eat..." )and then rattling off a bunch of other restaurants where you can get the same dish for a fraction of the price. The American part of me rationalized it and said "You're paying for the ambiance and the "cool/it" factor of this restaurant. The BF and I ordered the Pork Belly Bao and the yellowtail appetizers, the tea smoked sesame beef, Sizzling short ribs, Singapore king crab, asparagus and chinese sausage fried rice for dinner. Everything was really good, and the presentation beautiful. Was it as good as how grandma made it? No, it wasn't but it was still yummy in my tummy. The short rib was very tender and the tea steamed beef tasted like chinese beef jerky (which I happen to be a big fan of). The king crab, was my least favorite dish, although good- it was cold when it arrived at the table. For dessert, the BF and I split the crying chocolate cake which was crazy good.  The fried rice had too much soy and not enough sausage in my opinion. The stars turned out to be the beef dishes. In the end I didn't feel any more cooler or with it after dining here and the BF's wallet was deflated after dropping two hundo (and we didn't even have alcohol) on the meal. Coulda went to Chinatown and had the same meal for $50, but it was my birfday and I wanted a nice meal dang it!
AMAZING! This is a monthly restaurant for me. Buddakan is just perfection. There isn't anything I can say that I don't like about this place. I take all my guests that are in town to dine here for dinner. If you go, you must have the duck with poached egg salad. It is to die for and the most amazing dish to me ever. And for dessert, you must have the almond bread pudding. Those are my must-haves at Buddakan. I've tried nearly every dish there you absolutely cannot go wrong with anything. I strongly recommend dining here if you haven't. Also highly recommend making reservations to get the full amazing experience. If not, they do have a open seating/waiting area by the top front bar of the entrance for people.
I love the ambiance, service and quality of the food at this place! My favorite dishes were the peking duck *MUST HAVE*, lobster fried rice, shrimp shumai, and lo mein noodles. A little expensive but the quantities were generous. Great date, anniversary, birthday and business dinner spot. They actually curated the light above our table with the courses served!This place is conveniently located near the L train and across from the Dream Hotel.
The service was superb, attentive. The atmosphere was hip, chic. The food. AMAZING. There was not one dish I could not gobble down. Incredible Asian fusion, get the Schuwan Pork Dumplings, General Tsao's Buns, Lobster Spring Roll, and Edamame Dumplings. To die for. I must return and eat everything else on the menu! See my photo :)
Ok, it was close between 2 and 3 stars. Maybe I'm missing something, its more trendy then great food. Fair warning, its DARK inside. Like bring a flash light dark. I think its so popular because sex in the city had a big episode here. The lamb chops were cooked wonderfully, but for the price, 4 tiny chops is not a meal. Its one of those, where you get a lot of real estate on your plate, and a couple bites of some great food. My wife ordered shrimp....literally 5 shrimp on a big plate.After 125 meal, we ended up eating at a great little grocery store/cafe on our way back uptown! 35 bucks and we were stuffed. So in short, if you want really good food, there's too much quality product out there to go here. If your in town for a weekend and want to make your wife happy that she gets to see the big table Carrie ate at.......well, its going to cost you.OH, and I know I will start a riot here, but the Edamame dumplings suck. The texture is kind of disconcerting, and they have NO flavor. You know why everyone likes Edamame? Because most places cover them in sea salt. Well this is just the liquified beans. Try the pot stickers or something else. Oh, and last last thing. ITS NOT ASIAN FOOD. Its just not. Its asian noodles next to other foods. Pasta, meats, etc. If anyone thinks this is 4 star, their likely of the "foodie" group, and have lost their way with what real food looks and tastes like. I'm personally not a fan of anything over engineered. Be it cars, buildings, or food. The classics are the classics for a reason. Grab a drink here, enjoy the decor, tell people you went.....then go eat down the block.
I ate here with a friend recently. The food was really delicious, and the atmosphere was amazing. I don't remember the last time I was in such a beautifully-decorated restaurant. I thought the service was good, as our waitress was very friendly and helpful. She gave us a lot of tips, suggestions, and descriptions. However, the prices are a bit high-especially considering that the portions are only decent (not too small but certainly not large).
THE BEST NEW YEARS EVE EVER!!! just want to take my hats off to Buddakan for throwing the most exceptional NYE party that i've been to in years!!  The food, music(even our teenagers were raving!), crowd, service was all 5-star!!  and here's the kicker:  far less $$ than other high end restaurants in the same neighborhood.   We will definitely make this our regular haunt for New Years Eve....thank you so much Buddakan for your amazing party!!
Great food, decent service and an awesome ambience. I have been going here for years now and have had a great experience each time. It's a place i take all my out of town friends to. Love their edamame dumplings (a huge compliment from me since i generally hate edamame :-))..  Highly recommend this place to anyone who likes good asian fusion!
Pretty pricey but the food is absolutely delicious and the atmosphere is awesome! Went for New Years and it was a great way to end 2015.
Always great! Have eaten here several times and everything - fromthe service to the food is great! Totally recommend especially if you're looking for great atmosphere! Try it out!
Great experience. Our server Ryan was exceptional! He was very attentive and pleasantly humorous.  Beautiful decor, chic ambiance and awesome food. Six of us girls ordered the prefix menu and it was well worth it.
Chic and over the top. Buddakan exudes a high-end dance club feel and you either love it or hate it. I was here for dinner on a Saturday evening. I arrived early as the people I was meeting had gone ahead and changed the reservation time and failed to inform me. It's a busy place and the girls manning the front end, complete with Britney Spears headsets, are cold and to the point. No time for smiles or pleasantries here.The crowd is hip and wannabe hip and seems to be a good mix of locals and visitors. The venue is loud with conversation and trance-like club music pumping. It's a tiny bit pretentious and that's a large part of the charm here.The hand crafted cocktails are divine; I have to stop myself at two. My Shrimp  Lobster Chow Fun is utterly delicious. The noodles are tender and bathed in just the right amount of tangy sauce. You get a decent amount of lobster and shrimp tossed with crisp Asian veggies. You really do get what you pay for.
It's really spacious, has a lounge-like vibe, an attractive service staff and is very trendy. However, as far as it's use as a restaurant? Nothing special. The food is really mediocre -- that overpriced dumpling? You're actually paying for the scenery and pretty people, the dumpling might as well been defrosted from a Chinese supermarket.
Buddakan is incredible.  The food is fantastic and the service is excellent, but the space itself is a spectacle on its own.  I came here to celebrate my birthday with a friend visiting from out of town, and we were both awestruck by the entire place.We both shared the appetizer combo, the sweet and sour scallops, duck friend rice, and the asian greens.  Everything tasted perfect.  If you have an occasion to celebrate, or just want to have a swanky night out, Buddakan is the place for you.
Overall, a memorable and enjoyable experience.  Service was professional and the food was generally excellent. The atmosphere was lively.The Sweet  Crispy Shrimp was a delicious stand out and the Singapore Chili King Crab was a treat enjoyed by all.  The Wok tossed Noodles with Prawns were rubbery with little taste, but were more than made up for by the Black Pepper Beef, Mongolian Lamb Chops and Black Dragon Chicken. Music was on the loud side. This, together with the long tables, makes it difficult to converse with anyone not seated immediately adjacent to you.  Further, the servings are small, which is a little odd for a cuisine that is generally shared amongst the whole table.  For example, there are only 5 Mongolian lamb chops and about 6 Shrimp per serving.  If your party is larger than that, two servings are essential.  And if you really like that Shrimp you just ate, too bad, there are no more-unless you want to order a third serving, but at these prices, you probably won't.
Great service felt like I had my own waiter food was great i took my girl here from her bday she loved it pricey but would definitely go back.
Best service!  Dim lighting and lots of chatter when you first walk in.  Coat check at front bar up the stairs.  Waiter accommodated every guests need including asking chef to make some items gluten free.  Chili chicken was delicious! Vegetable rice with coconut curry super good!  Not to mention the other million items we ordered!  Almond bread pudding for dessert is a must also had the crying chocolate.  I loved the bread pudding best!
love this place! Chili shrimp are soo goood :)If possible try to sit in the main dining room it's much nicer than the dark sides around it. Very good place
I have been there twice and would like to come back again.  Definitely recommend.  Food is delicious.  Ambience is great.  You'll enjoy.
Not a huge fan of Asian food but this place is definitely unique and has its own kick of flavor. Love the decor and how every room has its own theme.
I came here for my birthday dinner and i was definitely not disappointed! First off this place is BEAUTIFULLL, especially if you get to dine downstairs (the wait was pretty long for that luxury though). The waitress was everything i love in service, attentive and filled with suggestions. She literally picked my whole meal. I started with the general tsos dumplings which were soo good! My friend had the little pork sandwiches  (cant remember the name) and he loved them. For the entrees we split the shrimp and lobster pasta  (don't remember that name either sorry) and the monkfish. The noodles were really good and filling so we didn't need a side dish and the monkfish was AMAZINGGG. I was so happy thr waitress recommended it because that was nowhere near what i was going to order. To top it off everyone i encountered from the person checking in to the seater to the manager to the waitress ALL acknowledged my birthday I felt special.Thank you buddakan for making my birthday special!!
This year my firm held our annual holiday party at Buddakan and I cannot say enough good things about it. The food was out of this world in both presentation and taste. Of special note is the charred beef and edamame dumplings, but every single thing I ate was incredibly delicious. The drinks were also very good, I stuck with mojitos for the night and they were crisp and sweet. The service was just as good as the food. We were never without a drink in our hands or food on our plates. Everyone who waited on us made sure we had everything we needed throughout the entire party. I definitely look forward to coming back for a special occasion in the near future. The ambiance and decor are gorgeous as well.
Love, love, love! Definitely a bit over priced but the edamame dumplings and lamb chops are to die for. Their cocktails were delish as well! I would definitely return here for fun dinner before a night out with my girlfriends or for a date night when we want to splurge. Next time I'll request to be seated in the main room downstairs for sure.
This was literally the best meal of my life. If you're thinking of going, JUST GO. Do it now!Everything from the service to the cocktails to the food and wine, it was just amazing. The decor was absolutely stunning. Yes, it is pricey (we were celebrating a promotion, so for 2 of us 'going all out' our bill was $240), but it's absolutely worth it. Get the filet!! It seriously could have been cut with a spoon.This review is so short because everything was perfect. I don't know how else to say it. It was amazing!
I'm giving this a 5, even though I think this place is more like a 4.5. Everything here is great - the service, the ambiance (beautiful!), and the food and drinks. I think the thing that is most lacking is the food, but that's not to say anything was unpleasant! Every aspect of the restaurant was so amazing, that the food was not the most memorable part of the evening.I felt like I was being taken in through a maze of sorts - reminiscent of the first few scenes in Inception. The unassuming black exterior of the building does not even hint about the beautiful asian inspired decor or enormous size inside. I would love to come back, just to sit in this beautiful restaurant! It is a lot bigger and sleeker than the Philadelphia location.Service was terrific. Our waitress visibly made an effort to go the extra mile, coming back right when our drinks were finished to ask if we'd like another one, adding on an extra dumpling per order so that everyone on the table would be able to have an equal amount, and adding a birthday candle to the dessert. She expertly guided us through the menu and gave terrific recommendations.The food itself was great and ok at the same time. We ordered the edamame dumplings to start - which were great. Perhaps texturally, it would not please all,  but the flavor of it was strong and earthy. (Note - NOT the edamame ravioli). I had the szechuan dan dan noodles - which I know is a side, but I did want to be very stingy with my money at least for my entree - which was good, but not anything to write home about. The birthday girl had the mongolian lamb chops, which were good, but just seemed like regular lamb that was cooked well. Other things ordered - plethora of cocktails (which were all great and strong), Duck ramen?, chilled udon noodles, sticky dungeness crab rice, and some sort of flank? steak? with a butter garlic sauce that is seriously to die for. I really do wish I had ordered that instead - but the amount that comes is a little small. For dessert, we had the molten chocolate lava cake with the vietnamese coffee ice cream - which was great! We also shared the green tea donuts. Equally delicious.I wish I raked in money so I could come back more often! As is, this place is just high on my list for special occasions.
Excellent food selection  friendly accommodating staff. Great food. Nice ambience, a little dark for my taste.... But the food trumps it all.
Where do I begin.  Our Server could not be more fabulous - absolutely adorable.  The mood was fantastic - just enough going on in the background without feeling like you were at a concert.  The look was idyllic New York - hip, young, sophisticated enough.  And then there was the food...WOW!!!We were a table of seven and shared a bunch of appetizers before devoring our entrees and closing the night with proper desserts.  My favorites. Don't you dare walk into this restaurant without ordering the Edamame Dumplings.  My absolute favorite of the night. Also, the Tuna Tartar Spring Rolls are meant for ONE...more matter what anyone tells you.  I tore up my Crispy Whole Fish (I asked that they leave the head in the kitchen) and still had some strength to pick at my plate of Hot  Sour Scallops.  This should have been enough, but I had to end the night with the bread pudding.  AWWW!!!Trust me...you will not be disappointed.  Go a little early to avoid the posers that pick at their plates.  Bring friends, family...anyone.  Just go!
I had reservations at Delmonicos, as my mother was in town. An aquaintance told me about Buddakan and I was excited to experience this restaurant , so I cancelled my D reservations  made 5:30p res at B. I arrived at 5p, as my mother is diabetic and needs to eat at certain times, let them know I am early, and if it's possible to be seated, space allowing. The girl at the hostess stand said of course, to go to bar area and we will be seated within next few minutes. So we go sit, a cocktail waitress comes by and asks if we would like anything to drink, we ordered a couple of waters to start as we look over drinks menu. 20 minutes later we had yet to be seated and had yet to receive waters. So I go to bar and ask for waters. My husband goes up at 530, time of original res and inquires about status of table. Another 20 min go by, nearly an hour after we got there at 5p, at 5:57, we finally get seated. My mother is sweating, needing to eat, so I ordered a couple of appetizers right away, but the waitress tells us that this is family style dining so we need to order everything at once.OMG.So.We ordered, food decent, very salty, beautiful decor, but the management or service flow coordinator is very sub par. I shall never go back.
I've been here only a handful of times-- usually for a special occasion, which makes a nice treat. The ambiance of the restaurant is very nice-- upscale but comfortable. Try the scallion pancakes appetizer- they're made w/ braised beef and green apples julienne- very good and an interesting take on scallion pancakes, which I like in and of itself. The chili rock shrimp was good, but my boyfriend despises mayonnaise, so this was a bust for us. Good if you like creamy sauces. We've tried the Cantonese Steamed Sole and the Glazed Alaskan Black Cod. I might be getting them confused, but I believe it was the cod that was flavorless and we preferred the sole the next time around. However, I wouldn't try the fish when we go back (although I have heard very good things about the taste and presentation of the whole, crispy fish). I can't remember the dessert I got here, but remember the ice cream that accompanied it was outstanding. Good restaurant for a special occasion or upscale date.
Beautiful restaurant, gorgeous setting, and delicious food - Let's just say that it is rare to find restaurants like Buddakan that live up to the hype.I'll be honest here - because of the Sex and the City movie, I thought that Buddakan was one of those restaurants that was all about glamour and ambiance, but nothing about food.  Boy, was I wrong!  Between the three of us, we ordered a bunch of appetizers and a couple of entrees, and let's say that the majority was surprisingly good.  The edamame dumplings are a must if you go here.  We also had the hoisin glazed pork belly, tuna tartare spring roll, chili rock shrimp and lobster fried rice which were all delicious.So in summary, if you want to take a friend from out of town or a date to impress, and show them a beautiful establishment / ambiance with solid food, take them to Buddakan.
Great vibe and ambience and excellent service.The crispy spicy eggplant was good and so was the veg fried rice. The price point is not bad for the experience.
Amazing! LITERALLY everything we ordered was fantastic: 1st off our waiter was adorable and very knowledgable about the menu, was honest about dishes he didn't prefer and kept our drinks topped up before we even knew we needed new ones. His name is Jack and he for sure made the experience that much more memorable. Personable but not annoying, chatty but the right amount.....now the food....Chicken shrimp spring rolls to start; perfect crisp texture on the outside delicious evenly dispersed filling, perfect for every bite.Scallion pancakes topped with short ribs; so ok the name freaked me out too but our awesome waiter talked us in to it and I'm so glad he did! It's actually like a scallion cracker topped with short ribs, sliced apple and cilantro and it is an absolute delight.Main dish: charred filet medium with amazing sauce for dipping, charred broccoli with black bean and coconut curry rice. Plenty for 2 to share!Dessert: chocolate fondant with cherries, sugar pearls, chocolate crisps, ganache and pistachio ice cream......heaven in a bowl :) best birthday dessert ever.Finished out with two pots of tea because we couldn't decide between the tropical and the mint, both are delicious and served with two cups worth in each tea pot.
I love, love, love this place!  The overall ambience was amazing.  The food was phenomenal.  The service was first class.  I don't think I saw a single ugly person there...Lolzzz I can't say enough good things about this place, just go and see for yourself!
I can't even begin to tell you how awesome this restaurant is. I loved everything about it.I had the Fate cocktail made with pineapple, elderflower and prosecco. It was perfectly sweet and could've had more than the two I had, but needed to save room.Appetizer was the scallion pancakes with short ribs and apple matchstick on top. This was the single most delicious thing I might have ever put in my mouth. The apple kind of comes out of nowhere and lends such a wonderful note to the succulent beef and savory pancake flavors.For dinner, we had the wagyu beef, cauliflower stir cry and the jumbo shrimp in citrus sauce. They sit it all in the middle for the table to share. It was very hard to pace myself to be fair to my date.Dessert was the crying chocolate ganache elegantly plated. Almost too pretty to eat.Decided next trip to NYC we will go back to Buddakan and try something new. We know we will be pleased.
Beautiful space. Mediocre food. The dumplings for 2 were fine. We ordered the black cod (tasted like a buttered croissant, not fish) and scallops (mall food). Did not finish either. Service and wine were excellent. Skipped dessert because we didn't want to be further disappointed. 2 stars because they're charging a premium for meh food.
Okay, the interior of this place is GORGEOUS.Our waiter was SUPER FRIENDLY and so helpful! Loved it.The food - most of it was pretty amazing, but some were too salty and a bit off... Pork buns, edamame dumplings, lobster fried rice, short ribs - pretty darn GOOOOOD.The lo mein, monkfish = meh.. not that good.The chicken was just okay. Nothing special. Just ok.Their riesling was GREAT though. Too bad I don't remember which riesling it was...
aweeeesomeI just love restaurants that a big and spacious and u don't feel like your neighbor can eat from your plate...The ambience is fantastic... The vegetarian food was great.... I was here for my birthday with my bf and I loved it.
This is a huge restaurant! Ambiance and decor of this place is amazing. Everything is small portions but good to share.-Rock shrimp: a bit of spiciness did the trick-Pork Belly Buns: my favorite!-Sweet Crispy Jumbo Shrimp-Short rib: tender, soft and comes with noodles-Chili Chicken: really liked the sauce on this, it was a bit of sweetness with hint of sour-Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice: also one of my favorites!Great place for a date or bday dinners
Great food (the pekin duck is one of the most delicious dishes I have ever had in my life). The interior is just amazing, each room looks different but all of them are looking luxurious. Very hip place with nice-looking people, very sophisticated ambiance. This place is not cheap at all, but if you are looking for this kind of luxury, this one is SO recommended.
I've never been a fan of Asian fusion -- I've always thought that it was overpriced and overrated and not worth it. But Buddhakan, you are absolutely AMAZING.Dishes are served family-style here, and each dish is either a twist on a traditional Chinese dish or served with traditional Chinese seasonings and spices. I also highly recommend that you try out some of their cocktails; Charm and Fate were delicious.Our party of three ordered a plethora of delicious food that left us stuffed and wanting to lick the plates clean:-- Edamame Dumplings-- Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly-- Chili Rock Shrimp-- Kung Pao Monkfish-- Vegetarian Rice-- Dessert: Crying ChocolateI have absolutely no complaints about any of the food. Every last morsel was scrumptious, and the dessert? Oh. my. gosh. You HAVE to have dessert, no matter how full you are. You absolutely will not regret it. If you're a chocolate lover, the Crying Chocolate will send you straight to heaven.On top of that, the service we received was wonderful. Our waiter was extremely attentive, funny, and helpful. He made recommendations for us and never steered us wrong. I had a fantastic experience at Buddhakan and would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting NYC :)
I went here on a Friday night for dinner with a large group (11 ladies for a bachelorette weekend), We arrived about 10 minutes early and had time to relax in the lounge. The ambiance was very chic and trendy, and the entire place is decorated beautifully. I loved the large dining area as you come down the stairs. Since we were a large group, we decided to do the set price menu. It was $65 per person and they brought out tons of different dishes with enough for everyone to try. One of the ladies in our party did not eat pork, so they were able to accomodate her and bring a substitute that did not have pork. All the food was amazing- delicious, fresh, high-quality. The desserts were awesome. I loved the almond bread pudding. I know some places in the city can be difficult to deal with when there is a large party, but they were all very nice and did not give us an attitude or seem upset about running 11 different credit cards. Everyone from the hostess to the server were so nice and the meal was so enjoyable.The meal was definitely not cheap, but my entire party agreed that it was soo worth it. This restaurant would be great for a special occasion and I definitely recommend it.
This is my second time dining here (first time in Atlantic City,) and both meals have been worthy of 5 stars. All plates came out at the perfect temperature to enjoy all of the flavors. The food is very good, none of it feels greasy or fatty even when things are fried, and service is amazing. I highly recommend the tuna tartare rolls and the oxtail dumplings. Will definitely be coming back again.
Truly delightful. The dining room is huge but it still feels intimate. The cocktails are perfectly mixed. Not too sweet, not too strong. The plates are to share so for the two of us we ordered one appetizer (General Tso dumplings- awesome), one entree (Kung Pao monkfish- awesome), one noodle (with prawns- you guessed it, awesome), and one vegetable side (green beans- yeah they're just green beans but surprisingly awesome). It was more than enough food. We were stuffed...but obviously we had to order dessert. The Crying Chocolate. Just Google it because I could never do the description justice. Buddakan is a little too high maintenance for an everyday spot but it was exactly what I wanted for my birthday dinner. I'll be back the next time I want to celebrate something special. Or when I just NEED a Crying Chocolate.
This place was AH-MAZING!   A star each for food, ambiance, drinks, dessert, and staff.  I went here with a group of friends I hadn't seen in a long time (I was visiting NY).  The food was simply delicious!  We started with the General Tso dumplings, which were bites of steaming sweet and spicy goodness. We also enjoyed the beef lettuce cups.  For the main meal we shared the Wild Mushroom Chow Fun, Green Beans, Sizzling Short Rib, and the Glazed Alaskan Black Cod.  It was scrumptious! The meat fell off the bones and the noodles and veggies were perfectly seasoned.  For Dessert we had the Almond Bread Pudding and the Chocolate Fondant.  Both were absolutely addicting.  My favorite was the bread pudding!I'd definitely go back here.  It's great for large parties as well or a few drinks!  Very fun and trendy :)
Buddakan and I just weren't meant to be...Aside from the unbelievably beautiful communal table downstairs and the luxuriously rich Edamame dumplings, I wasn't impressed with everything else.First off, I had a reservation for 7pm. I checked in (felt like checking into a hotel) and was told to wait in the bar area. At least 5 people that work there came up to me every few minutes asking if I had a reservation. UMMM YES!!?.....They need a better system.I was finally seated at 7:35 pm after ordering 2 rounds of cocktails at the bar (the drinks were meh) and I was feeling pretty annoyed by this point.To top it off, when we were leaving.. the coat check had misplaced my date's work bag! That's a no-no at a top notch restaurant, especially considering the fact that there were so many people working there. Sorry not sorry I won't be back willingly.
The place is pretty, food is solid and creative in some ways. Dessert will blow your mind.
Food was really good, but very overpriced. The ambience is clearly what you pay for- make sure to take a good picture there! Great cocktails, great place to go on a date.
The food was pretty darn good. I came here for a friend's 17th birthday and I ordered the Mongolian lamb chop , tuna tartare spring roll, braised short ribs, and the service was decent as expected from a prestigious restaurant. The Mongolian Lamb Chops would've been perfect if they weren't slightly overcooked. The short ribs were tender and the sauce was sweet like a thick barbeque sauce. Overall I would come back here again for sure!
The food is absolutely amazing here and is worth the price tag.  Reminds me of Kittichai that used to be in the Thompson Hotel.  Totally worth the time spent on finding street parking and waiting to be seated.  You definitely want to make reservations during peak dining hours to avoid a long wait.  A perfect place to have a birthday celebration and hang with friends.
This is the kind of place you go and the interior blows you away. It's hard to describe the place - kind of like a upscale dungeon, but the details in the restaurant are spot on. If you want to impress someone, this is one of the places you take them too. I just wish I could say the same thing about the food. The cuisine is modern Asian, and none of the dishes were too extraordinary. Service is good, and just the atmosphere in general is very well done. It's a good date spot, or a birthday dinner kind of place. Good for celebrating special occasions.
Soaring Ceiling, Excellent to Mediocre Food - My spouse and I recently took a friend to Buddakan - it was my first time as well - and generally loved it. The space we sat in had 40' ceilings, and a very luxurious and dark interior. It was certainly a pleasure to just sit there. Service was excellent and attentive. The food was very good, although ranging from excellent for the variety of appetizers and shared plates we enjoyed, to simply so-so for the meat entrees. The latter still had exceptionally tasty elements, it was just the texture of the meat was less than ideal. Overall, a great experience.
Nice, polite staff.  I always "worry" about a place like this being pretentious, but it wasn't.  We made a reservation a week or so ahead of time, and didn't wait at all.  I highly recommend ordering the general tso dumplings...I am still drooling over them.We ordered a few other things, their names are not ringing a bell but all were delicious.  It's not a cheap night out, but you're in NYC so cheap is a pretzel from a cart.---by the way, I regret not dressing up a little more to dine here, it's a chic atmosphere, with the potential to set the tone for a romantic evening.
I reserved a table for 6 about a month in advance. We had to add a few to our party once we arrived but we were seated within 30 minutes. The restaurant is beautiful but dark in some of the rooms. For an appetizer we had the lobster eggrolls and the dumplings. Both were delicious. For our meal we had the lobster fried rice and the crispy jumbo shrimp. The shrimp were absolutely amazing. For dessert we had the carrot cake which was almost too pretty to eat but it was superb. The price for two of us was about $130 with cocktails.
This is probably one of the best spots in the city. It is trendy and cozy at the same time. Perfect to go out with friends or on a date. This place is not expensive. Just look out when picking wine. There are a few good bottles in the 60 -80 range.They miss the 5th star for the service. The waiter just tried to sell expensive wines that would not pair properly with the food, he was frequently interrupting the conversation and over served our glasses.
After a mini Argument with my Boyfriend, He decided to take me to this place to impress me.On a Tuesday night (8:00 PM), we came in to this tall pull in heavy glass door and went to this small long and dark hall and tall ceilings which I was really impressed.First when I came in there was this Hall with a Check - In table and 4 hostess (felt like I was going to a fancy Hotel).  A  nice Sexy Hostess greet us and ask if we had reservation.  Unfortunately My boyfriiend didn't make one since it was a last minute plan but there was empty tables by the bar and we can walk in and a waitress will serve us right away.Walked into steps, see a bar and 2 HUGE Tables in the middle with Long flat chair and small tables around  by the Dark walls surrounded with Chinese arts (Buddha, Flowers, Wooded window with asian icons carved) and Mirrors.  We found one in the corner and sat, minutes later a waitress walked towards our table and ask if we were here for just drink or dinner and we said "BOTH".  She handed us the menus and gave us a few minutes to decide what to order.I wasn't sure what to order but since my Boyfriend came here with his friends before, he recommended some dishes. So we ordered a Lobster Fried Rice, a order of Whole crispy fish, and a Charred Asparagus. Skipped appetizers since The waitress told us that the Fish was pretty BIG for 2 people (and also not worth to pay Dim Sum here if you know what I mean)Had a good 30 minute conversation with my Boyfriend and 2 glasses of Prosseco. During that time I was also Observing the people around us (specially there was 2 model looking ladies sitting next to our table, and minutes later 2 gentleman walks in and start introducing themselves to the ladies and we couldn't stop listening how this guys were aggressive to them).The Food came in and of course I was impressed with the Fish (Golden and Crispy) Standing up in a U Shaped (Head and tails was up) , very well adorned with vegetables and sauce around the dish.  Asparragus was looking  good and well done. and Lobster fried rice was looking like a pot of GOLD.Everything Was Phenomenal,Fish was nearly boneless.  Aparagus was very tender and buttery, Chunks of Lobster and golden rice that was made to perfection. We ended up finishing everything and maybe left just a little bit of rice. At the end, we skipped the Dessert and called it a night (10:15 PM).  My boyfriend didn't want to leave because he was so curious listening to the table next to us but knew I wasn't interested at all.  Definitely 5 Star for Ambience but 4 star for Food. So I should give this place a 4.5 Stars.and a 10 for my BF. Had a great romantic time and that made me happy!.  Ended up with over $100.00 bill for 2 people.  Will definitely come back with reservations and check out the Downstairs Decor.
Not really sure why this place has good reviews.  I think it's past its prime? the people that are saying this restaurant is their favorite are either insane or not from manhattan.  It actually sickens me how much they probably spend on decor here.       ( Also - fun fact - i was sitting next to a stuffed bird inside glass -what is that about ? ) Do yourself a favor and go to spice market instead (it's the same idea, -big opulent space, but food is a whole lot better).     The tuna tartar was not so good, and honestly, how do you mess that up?? Also got some singapore noodles that I didn't like that much and didn't taste much better than what I get at the health food store for $5,  The one dish that was good was fried rice with lobster.                                The waitress poiinted out to us that we only ordered sides. My husband felt pressured/tricked into ordering something else but I reminded him that the  sides  were $19, so not to feel pressured.  My husband asked them to bring him the same wine that I was drinking.  I know my wine, but he doesn't and half way through him drinking his I discovered he was definitely not drinking the same thing as me.  As far as the crowd, well this place was mostly empty (ok i will say we were there at an odd time of day, so I'll give them that).  It was peppered with what looked like a very mixed age/touristy  crowd that probably found out about the place on tripadvisor or something.  Will not be back.
A restaurant very dear to my heart. Celebrated quite a few special occasions here :) What appears to be a very nonchalant look from outside, turns into an impressive, full scale restaurant from the moment you walk through the doors. Dimmed lighting and beautiful décor set the right mood for the night.   The service has always been very good and we have typically been seated within 15 minutes of our reservation. Albeit, enjoying drinks at the bar while waiting is always a good start to the night. Food is amazing. Just the right size portions. I mostly always order Filet Mignon, which melts in your mouth but their seafood dishes are just as scrumptious. Highly suggest it for special occasions, or the night out on a town. Will most definitely be back here!
Beautiful place. Great decor. Food is really good but expensive. Super recommended for tourists or first timers!
Loved the ominous black door that greets you when at Buddakan. You don't know what to expect from that black box of a building. They take your coat and you're seated in the lounge area for drinks while you wait for your table. I got the Charm cocktail which was delightfully fruity and bubbly.The restaurant is enormous and we were seated in the red themed area, which was really romantic. We got the pork belly, broken chili chicken and dungeness crab sticky rice. The pork belly blew us away and was so flavorful and tender. I expected the chicken to be spicier, but it was perfectly crispy and not oily or fried. I've had better crab sticky rice, but it was still tasty and was such a large portion we couldn't finish it. Having a dim sum dish, entree and a side was more than enough for two people.I went downstairs to check out the main dining area with the huge chandeliers; it was absolutely breathtaking. I wonder how you can make sure you're seated there. I'm already thinking about having my birthday dinner there and will definitely be coming back!
Gorgeous space and delicious food.  The potstickers and lobster fried rice were to die for, and the braised rib entree was so tender and juicy. Definitely worth the price, which is fairly reasonable by Ny standards.
I was told that I needed to go to Buddakan because the food was really good.  I was wondering what the big deal was and then I went to check it out.  It's right next to Chelsea market and has a pretty cool atmosphere.  Every time I've went they've always been late but the service has been really good.  Service is fantastic but if they could be on time it would make this 5 stars.  The servers that we've had have been fantastic and have been very helpful.  I've had the duck fried rice and the lamb chops.  The lamb chops were great and I liked it better than the duck fried rice.  Also - I've had the pork dumplings and they were amazing.  I had to order two.  Enjoyed all of my meals at this place and it has been a place we've consistently gone to.  Would recommend.
Love Buddakan!The restaurant is beautiful. The decor is very unique, and grandiose at the same time. I really enjoyed dining here.We came here on our anniversary on a Friday, without making any reservations (yes very foolish of me), and the place was super crowded. They told us that we can wait and eat at the lounge, but that won't guarantee us a table. After being seated at the nice lounge, I decided to ask the manager nicely for a table, and expained to him that it was our anniversary and I forgot to make reservations. He was extremely nice and told us we'll be seated shortly, and was so kind that he gave us complimentary glasses of champaigne and desert. That's right..free!  Now that's what I call great service, and I really didn't expect it from this restaurant.We were seated at the giant communal table (where you sit with other people). It's a bit loud, but the atosphere at the table was great.I ordered the Black Pepper Beef and it was very good. Definitely recommend it. The Chili Rock Shrimp was also very good, and I'll make sure to order that for myself next time I'm there.Overall, it was a very nice experience, and I can't wait to go back.
Unbelievable! Especially the rock shrimp! Excellent service, manager came by several times to chat and talk about the menu! Normally this may bother me, but actually, our questions were answered and the tidbits of information on the location and menu were very appreciated! Cannot even begin to compliment the environment; totally hip and hot and pulsing with energy! Dress up and enjoy this spot out for dinner and drinks!
good sushi .. great spot for drinks gets crowded but the crowd is very chillgreat service
Nothing but 5 stars!! Service was excellent and food was oh so amazing. the tuna spring rolls were my fav. And from desserts the bread pudding !! Sea bass rolls we ordered almost everything on the menu  and were pleased !
Absolutely worth every dime! This Asian fusion elegant/classy restaurant is absolutely beautiful. Came here for a friends birthday and was pleasantly surprised at how lavish this place is. My friends and I shared a couple of the dim sum and were completely satisfied. The portions are good for a group of 5. Everything was delicious. The drinks were amazing. The music and ambiance is perfect. The waitress was lovely and very accommodating. If you are in NYC please make it to this place!
Food: good presentation and taste but didn't wow me. I have never expected to have a yummy in a Asian fusion restaurant. Maybe i have just got use to it. Service: good. Ambience: I wish I could give them more than 5 stars just on their interior design.  We enjoyed it.
When visiting New York for the weekend, you want to go to some of the places that make New York what it is. Buddakan is one of those places. The interior is spacious and nicely decorated - I would even say quite impressive. Seating at the tables is comfortable. The food was amazing and so was service!Moreover, it is one of these places where you are supposed to pick and share food with your guests, which makes it even a better place to be submerged into different tastes of Asia!A must-go place when in NYC for the weekend!
beautiful space. great food. plus Victoria was incredibly knowledgable and recommended some really excellent dishes throughout the meal. Definitely coming back!
The first time I came here was great.  One of the best decorated restaurants in New York combined with excellent service.  The next time I went I didn't walk out with the same enthusiasm.  First off, we were told we couldn't get our table until all 3 of us had arrived (2 of us were there).  This is typical of most NY restaurants, so nothing against Buddakan there.  We found an open table near the bar area and sat down to order some appetizers as we waited for our third member.  A couple next to us was vegetarian and had their orders messed up 3 times (3!).  The service they received was nothing short of amateur.  They were told their food was free of meat the second time and had to wait a good 10 minutes for the waitress to come back so they could ask why something looked off in their dish.  By the time their dish was messed up 3 times, a manager came and apologized but the damage was already done.  As an onlooker and a vegetarian, we did not feel like staying anymore.
Such a fun atmosphere! We came a little early to enjoy drinks at the bar. The drinks were good but all of them are on the sweet side. (Between the party of 4 we tried about 5 specialty cocktails.) The bartender was a little short with us. This could be due to the place being packed. Once we were seated the the staff was very friendly. All the food was amazing! Loved the dumplings!! I would absolutely go back and recommend to friends but next time I'll stick with wine.
It was a very cool place to hang out and have a good time.  The food was good and a fun experience but not a place I would revisit.  Especially in the city and especially when TAO is across the street!  We had several items on the menu and all was good.  Our server, Allison, was the most fun part of the night!  She was great and very personable.  She also attended to our severe allergies very well!  Thanks Allison, hope you make it big on Broadway.......  The Price wasn't too bad for NYC so that's what made it better in my eyes.  If you haven't been a great experience indeed.
Came with big expectations and quite disappointed.It was good but not great, too expensive for what you get, but not terrible.Nice presentation for most courses.Not recommended: sausage fried rice, asparagus, semifreddo.Recommended: edamame dumplings, scallops, chili rock shrimps, tart tatin.Beautiful place, big impressive dining room. The service should be much better in those kind of places.I should come back for more tastings and sharing with my family.
Came here while visiting NYC with four friends. We arrived on a Thursday evening around 8:45PM and the place was absolutely packed! Upon first glance, I noticed the high ceilings and beauty of the restaurant interior - completely stunning. We spoke with our server who was excellent in telling us about the menu and how best to enjoy ourselves. She mentioned it was all family style and each entree and appetizer could be split amongst the table. We took her recommendations on each section and could not have been happier. I admit, we went a bit extreme in terms of ordering and quantity. With four people, I believe we had over 12 different dishes (including appies, sides and main entrees) + dessert which was to die for! Some notables - Ronco Delle Betulle White Wine to start - very nice compliment to most of the savory and spicy dishes. Then, Sui Pork Buns, Chicken Dumplings, Chili Rock Shrimp, Charred Filet of Beef (absolutely unreal), Asian Green Stir Fry, Dungeness Crab Rice, and the dessert ... Chocolate Fondant and Szechuan Mille Feuille - stunning presentation and amazing flavor.
I had a business party of 6 and we all ordered the prix fix menu plus a few extra appetizers.  I was concerned we would be light on quantity but it was a large amount of food and every...single..dish was excellent.  Creative, flavorful and big enough to share.  The ambiance, especially in the big center room, is impressive.  My only criticism was there an unusually long gap between the last entree and dessert.
Service: sporadic, but not too slowAtmosphere: fun but very loud during dinner, not ideal for catching upFood: delicious asian fusion! It's hard to find well-made Asian dishes in NYC, but Buddakan has a great modern twist on traditional Asian dishes. I especially loved the pork belly buns (dim sum, some pictures on my instagram: LorainneMarie). The pork was very tender and it served with soft warm buns. However, the lobster fried rice was nothing special. For a truly authentic fried rice, order the chinese sausage fried rice.The best part is dessert. I haven't ordered a dessert here that I didn't like.
I went to the AC location previously and did the Tasting Menu, and I have now gone to this location and had the Tasting Menu as well.  A++ all around.  Upscale, chic with delectable dishes all around.All I can say is that this place completely exceeded my expectations both times.  The Tasting Menu is the way to go, but you must be a group of 5 or more to do this.  You get a bunch of different appetizers, entrees and desserts to share between the group, and they make the portion sizes according to how many people there are in your group (rather than a set amount like tapas).  I went a few months ago and can't remember the exact dishes we had, but honestly, they are all fantastic with great presentation.  Cannot wait to go back!
Aside from the fact that Carrie Bradshaw and Big had their engagement party, I absolutely love this place. Everything from decor, vibe, food to service gives you a sexy experience! I came here a couple of times and we did family style dinner where we ordered a bunch of appetizers, sides and big plates. We did that because everything on the menu looked SO DAMN GOOD! and guess what? It wasn't just good, it was GREAT!Things I remember we ordered: Lobster Egg RollTuna Tartare Spring RollSizzling ShortribsBroken Chili ChickenLobster Fried RiceAll were delicious!If you want a fancy, sexy, posh, classy, and real sex in the city experience, GO HERE!
Very professional staff, staffed really well. Make sure you make reservations. Specialty cocktails are nice and strong- reasonably priced 13- 15$. FYI the cocktail with ginger- u must be a ginger fan, if you are not- don't get it. We had pork belly appetizer. Nice flavors and decent size for 2 or 3 people.  A lot of fat which is to be expected so don't get them if u are repelled by soft fat.  The meals are suggested to eat family style.Lemon chicken- SOooOo good.  A breast and thigh no bone with crispy coating and strong lemon sauce. It was delish. Lamb chops were very flavorful. Very lamby.  Wild mushroom chow fun was so good I could have eaten the whole dish alone. Nice thick noodles and lots of mushrooms. I say yes
Best dishes out of 7 that we tried during our visit : glazed cod and spicy shrimp. Everything else was mediocre like pretty panda express food . The ambiance is great for larger groups to be loud and drunk, a spot to get drinks and start the hang out before you party for the night. A bit pricey for the quality and I recommend family style to try everything.
Went there for the first time for my birthday our waitress Danielle was just great. Four of us shared the pork belly, duck spring rolls,chilies rock shrimp,king crab hot pot, crabmeat sticky fried rice,lamb chops, everything was just great...will be returning next month with four more friends. The desserts that our waitress had suggested were delicious and we couldn't finish it.
This. Place. Was. Amazing. We had 10pm reservations. We sat down around 10:10-10:15... Our waitress (her name I forgot sorry) was great. She knew everything about the menus and what the food tastes like. She offer great suggestions (clearly up selling us) that we took her advice on and it was on point. I never had shrimp toast before and it was to die for. Also, I had scallops for the first time and I'm glad I had it here. Definitely set the bar high for any other place I may go to try it. We were checked on my (what I believe) was a manager which was refreshing. The items are costly but well worth it!! I would go again in a heart beat. Wow!
Go here if you want an expensive dinner with a trendy atmosphere. Good for birthday parties and specials occasions. The short rib was absolutely delicious. Drinks were just ok.
Come here for: General Tso meets Alice in Wonderland._____________You know the pretty girl in school who tried way too hard to convince you that she was smart, too? That's kind of the impression I got from Buddakan, only in reverse: There's some smart cooking going on here, but it tends to get overpowered by management's desperate desire to be sexy or hip.From the cool, minimalist entry to the cavernous bar to the four distinct dining areas, nothing really hangs together. Over there is a dark little love nest. Around the corner is a library filled with golden tomes. And down the sweeping staircase is a two-story ballroom lined with carved wood paneling and shiny lacquer screens. I felt like I was trapped inside an Ian Schrager sex dream after the poor man gorged himself on egg rolls.In the midst of all this visual overload, it was hard to focus on the food -- and that's a shame, because the menu offered a terrific variety of classic Chinese dishes with a modern twist. We enjoyed the chili rock shrimp, black pepper beef, and king crab hot pot, but for us, the real standout was the General Tsos dumplings filled with a hot  sour broth that just exploded in your mouth and left a lingering finish, like a fine wine.With a half dozen types of dumplings on the menu, I'd be tempted to come back and make a meal of the dim sum, except that there were so many entrees I hated to pass up. (I've already settled on tea smoked sesame beef and kung pao monkfish for next time.) This isn't superb Chinese, but it's very, very good. Next time, I'm going to ask for seating in the bar area, where I don't have to put up with the visual assault. In that setting, when I can really concentrate on the food, I might even award a fourth star.
All I can say it was just out of this world! Saturday 3 January 2015 on a rainy evening, we walked into a world of Buddhas and communal dining hall, only to find ourselves escorted to a cozy booth. Our appetizers included edamame and carrot dumplings. A must have for all! We splurged on the entrees, with Singapore noodles, wild mushroom chow fun, fried rice, tofu with cashews and an egg plant entree (can't recall the name). Each item was uniquely presented and created a sensational journey for tastebuds. Finally, dessert was just terrific - spiced carrot cake and crying chocolate. Can't wait to go back!Cheers. Dushyant.
I've been here for all types of dinners, ranging from regular I'm-starving-let's-eat-anything-dinners and happy-birthday-let's-celebrate dinners.The prices are probably more suited for celebration dinners...This place is upscale Chinese asian at its finest. You know that $3 dimsum you can get in Chinatown? You will be paying $14 for the same exact dish at Buddakan. But you know what? The $11 difference pays for the ambiance you're getting. And the fact that your food is probably exponentially cleaner.FOOD REC'S - In my humble opinion you can't go wrong with ANY of the seafood dishes. I love the the hot and sour scallops and Cantonese lobster.Cocktails are delicious. The prices are actually reasonable ($12-$13), considering that most speakeasies charge more for the same type of drinks.PS. I think this is the perfect dinner date spot!
Nice food and service. We celebrated my boyfriend's birthday last year here. Definitely will go there again.
I have only been here twice. My favorite is the appetizers. The edamame dumplings and pork belly is amazing. I ordered the lamb chops and they were pretty good too, but the table next to me couldn't stop raving about their short ribs. So now I know what to order next time I go. In addition, I like the ambiance.  It has an extravagant dining room with a high ceiling that is pretty hard to find in NYC.
One of my favs!  Also somewhere I go when I never pay :)Great atmosphere make sure to ask to sit downstairs but not at the community table.Best to go with a group of at least 4 and they will adjust everything to make sure everyone gets at least one of every app.  Edamame dumplings are a must but honestly anything you get won't disappoint.  I would recommend a few apps and then you can share entrees. Make sure to ask your server what they recommend.
I was in AWE ! im not the kind of girl that rates restaurants based on how fancy smanshy they look. Just because a place is expensive doesn't necessarily mean they are good.So obviously decor is amazing. Very big Venue, professional. I love how the outside entrance, is a simple black door with no windows and on the inside its a whole establishment. Its as if you only go to Buddakan if you know about it or have a reservation. Not for walk-ins. So its a particular crowd. My friend had a corporate card so that was an A - OK to explore anything our starving bellies desired.Food... AMAZING!Of everything i tried my favorite were the ribs. Our waiter was attentive and engaged in just enough conversation.I definitely will be coming again and i recommend this place if you want to impress a date or celebrate some ones birthday the yummy way.
We have to give Buddakan a mixed review because we ate their twice and had two very different experiences. Overall experience: 2To start, we ate their twice because our second meal was comp'd by the manager. Our waiter on the first night completely neglected a birthday and was honestly, fairly rude about it. We reminded the waiter about the birthday and he seemed annoyed about the entire thing. He did not wish happy birthday, did not bring out a dessert, nothing. After being thoroughly disappointed with our service, the manager told us that the next meal was on him.Our flight home was canceled due to weather and we ended up taking the manager up on his offer. We had an amazing waiter this time and the service was spot on!Appetizers: 5Most of the dishes were incredible. The hoisin glazed pork belly, steamed sea bass roll and the spicy yellowtail yu sheng were amazing. They were easily the best things we ate at Buddakan. I'd go back just for those three. The carrot dumplings and duck salad were also good, but not incredible.Main courses: 3This was disappointing. After the great start, we expected the rest of the meal to be stellar. The sizzling short rib was ok, the broken chili chicken tasted like panda express and the tofu was very bland. We had a few other dishes but they were not memorable.I recommend loading up on the appetizers as this is where Buddakan really shines. The main dishes were mediocre and honestly, over-priced for what you get.
I came here 12/7/14 for my anniversary. My boyfriend was particularly excited as it was a location used for filming in the movie Sex and the City. We had reservations, and after checking in, was instructed to have a seat or grab a cocktail in the bar. We were sitting for about five minutes and was just about to order a drink when the hostess came around and asked us if we were ready. Happy we didn't have to wait long for our table.The atmosphere was nice, dark, and loud. This wasn't all too bad, but wasn't as exciting as I had expected it to be. The server seemed a little rushed, and robotic with his conversation. I don't event think I was able to catch his name. The BF had a specialty cocktail by the name of "Fever" and I had a cucumber martini, and this is after the service suggested the bartender could make one. Well the Fever tasted great and was ordered for the second round, but the martini was Grey Goose with a slice of Cucumber. I was not pleased, but proceeded to drink it anyways, until half way I was over it and ordered a Cabernet.Appetizer: We had the General Tso's Dumplings.... Amazing!Entree: We ordered and shared the Black Pepper Beef and the Shrimp  Lobster Chow Fun. Both of these dishes I highly recommend.
I LOVE Buddakan, pretty much everything about the restaurant honestly.The restaurant's layout is really cool. The downstairs area sort of reminds me of Hogwarts from the Harry Potter franchise. It's a great place to go with a date or even a group of friends. I would definitely say that it was MADE to be a hot spot and was done very tastefully.From "Haze" to "Charm" the speciality cocktails are on point. Sometimes it can take a second to be seated so be sure to get to the bar and get yourself a nice drink to hold you over in the meantime.I am in love with the vegetable fried rice. Now, this might seem like a minor dish, BUT all chinese restaurants have fried rice and it is commonly ordered. That being said, Buddakan has the absolute best vegetable fried rice I have had since 2006...that's A LONG TIME AGO.I'm a vegan so I additionally ordered the spiced tofu with cashews. Always amazing.My friends are not vegan and ordered plenty of meat dishes for themselves and have always seemed to be thoroughly impressed.
We went here for a meal with two friends and had a reservation for 11pm on Saturday night. Upon arrival we were told our table wasn't ready and to wait in the bar area which was packed and very difficult to get a drink as the whole bar had people seated. We eventually got a table in the bar area and continued to wait. We had to wait around 40 mins for our table despite there being many available downstairs we could see. It was only when we pointed this out were we seated. When I enquirers why it was taking so long I was informed that 1100 people had eaten that night and that was the reason - regardless of how many bookings you take a venue should be equipped to deal with the demand they accept. This started the meal off a little sourOnce seated we got our waitress who was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Again she was a little inattentive I don't know if she was very busy perhaps but once the food did come it was AMAZING we had various dishes and they all tasted excellent The venue is also top notch and in line with the quality of food being served. The price was in line with the food and venue but unfortunately the service was lacking where I would have expected it. If I were just marking the food and venue it would be 5 stars but the service really let down the whole experience
If it's about the food 5.5 stars! I recommend jade shrimp dumplings, grilled broccoli prawn noodles and spicy egg plant and tofu . The tea smoked spare ribs were delicious but not unique. The prices were reasonable as long as you didn't order fish or meat entree. The downside is if your unlucky enough to be seated upstairs, your likely crammed side by side. You might as well eat in the bar. Go for lower seating. Also waiter was robotic always saying the same thing. Doubt order specialty drinks because they seem to be devoid of alcohol and for $16 I expect a nice buzz! Still an amazing restaurant !
Boneless spare ribs WOW The tuna spring rolls and pork dumplings were also delicious. Can never go wrong ordering apps at a fusion restaurant. The lamb and the cod were very good. Surprisingly the lo mein was incredible. Great service great food topped with green tea donuts for dessert.. I will definitely be going back.
Buddakan is pretty overwhelming, the building, decor, just massive. It's elegant and very well done, but it's an experience as much as the food is. We went on a week night and it was totally packed, luckily it was just a party of 2 so we got a seat immediately. We loved the whole experience, the only tiny low was that the front of house staff are a little full of themselves... But ignore their pretentiousness and stay and eat its worth it! We really didn't do our research about the food, which made our experience even more awesome ! We ordered a lot of food, far to much for two people! But we demolished it all. To start we had the Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly with Steamed buns, I'm not a fan of steamed buns but I realised the reason I'm not a fan was because I had never had a 'real' steamed bun! They were so incredible, especially paired with the Pork Belly - match made in heaven! We also had the Crispy Calamari Salad, incredible too! The miso vinaigrette just brought all the flavours together.For our mains we had the Filet of Beef and the Short Rib. All just done so well. The Filet was perfect and the Rib with the pear and mushroom was glorious. None of the flavours over powered anything else and all the ingredients complimented each other. We definitely ordered too much, but I would do it again in a heart beat ! The wait staff were really friendly and helpful and the food came out well spaced with everything beautifully plated.
Let me start off by saying that the appetizer was delicious we had The Rock chili shrimp and calamari salad, both are excellent.  Moving on to the entree. Which was big enough and great to share. We had the lemon chicken with was great and coconut  veggie rice.  Finished it off with desserts... a delicious bread pudding which had almonds and some kind of ice cream that was awesome.  The drinks were good but small. I had the solid and my wife had the TRANQUILITY and Haze. She liked the haze better. We will go back.
Wow. How did I wait so long to come here?Located in the meatpacking district, right next to the Chelsea Market.Came here with my boyfriend and absolutely loved it. The food, the service, everything was incredible.Appetizers: we had cantonese spring rolls and crispy calamari salad with green apples, cashews,  and miso vinaigrette. We devoured these. I was full after this but the food tasted so damn good...Entrees: I ordered the sweet crispy jumpo shrimp and my boyfriend ordered the black pepper beef. Again, both were cooked to perfection and as a result we ended up overeating. We also had minced pork lo mein as a side but we had to take it home because we still wanted to try dessert and there was no way we would be able to if we didn't stop and make room at that point. The minced pork lo mein tasted great after sitting in our fridge overnight, in case anyone was wondering.For dessert we had crying chocolate. A must for chocolate lovers.I forget our server's name but he was very attentive, frequently (but not to the point of being annoying) replenishing our water glasses and asking us if there was anything else he could get us. The manager also came by to make sure we were happy with our meal.This place is perfect for a group of friends or for a date. If you can, request to eat in the main dining room.
I'm obsessed with Buddakan. I will never stop coming here. My favorite dishes are: edamame dumplings, lobster egg rolls, general tso's dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls (AMAZING!), chili rock shrimp, for dinner: charred filet of beef, australian wagyu strip steak, and the lobster fried rice. It is pricey but I think the nice atmosphere, beautiful restaurant, and great service plus good food make it all worth it. Great for a date and for groups!
Buddakan is not only gorgeous, spacious, perfect for groups as well as intimate dates, but the food is amazing  not exorbitantly priced!I came here twice - once for Jimmy C.'s birthday dinner with a group of about 15 people and the other time with a group of 6. Both times there was a minimal wait, even with reservations, but so worth it! They have a gorgeous communal table where SATC was filmed - but I was not sat there either times. Perhaps you can request it!The first time I was here we had several drinks including Haze and Virtue - both overall winners for presentation and taste. As for the dishes, they are served family style and all unique tasting.From my both times here I've had:- Edamame dumpling: AMAZING. I love love love these dumplings; the creamy edamame puree wrapped in the translucent wrapper is just divine.- Tune tartare spring roll: Pretty small (3 to an order), but very good! A nice contrast between with raw tuna and the crisp roll skin.- Chili rock shrimp: Yummo! Sweet and tangy sauce was the perfect complement to the crunchy shrimp. - Hoisin glazed pork belly: Melt in your mouth pork belly enveloped in a fluffy white bun. Delicious.- Szechuan pork dumpling: Could do without this dish; nothing more than a normal steamed dumpling.- Black pepper beef: Hint of spice, cooked well done with crunchy "bird's nest." - Glazed alaskan black cod: SO GOOD. Melt in yo' mouth again. The eggplant mash was excellent. - Whole crispy fish: Too crispy/fried for my liking, as I enjoy my fish steamed. Huge portion! - Lobster fried rice: So worth it! Lots of huge lobster chunks to be found here, a steal at $19!- Wild mushroom chow fun: Tastes exactly like beef chow fun at any Chinese restaurant. The mushrooms were quite flavorful, but the dish was very soy sauce heavy and MSG laden. - Dungeness crab sticky rice: Only had a tiny bite but the presentation was quite cute (inside of an actual dungeness crab!) and my friends said it was very good.So having tasted a good chunk of the menu, I can attest to the flavorful and wonderfully presented dishes. Definite fan and a quite a gem in the middle of MPD!
AMAZING! Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Totally great all the way around. I had the lobster egg rolls, short ribs and crab fried rice. Recommend pairing with a cab sav to bring out the awesomeness. Definitely coming here again. You need to make reservations on the weekend evenings or you will be waiting for a long time.
I booked a table at this restaurant as a surprise for my girlfriend. It just so happened, we went on the day we got engaged. I'd heard rumors from friends who live in New York that the trendier restaurants have a habit of making you wait long after your reservation time for no real reason, which I was slightly worried about given that we had plans to have drinks with friends later on. Luckily, we were seated exactly at our reservation time. After a few cocktails, of course. Ignore their slightly steep price tag. They're good.I'm sure you've gotten the impression that this place has an incredible atmosphere, and the truth is that it actually does. It's one of the nicest looking restaurants I've ever been to. It can get a little bit noisy because it has A LOT of seating room. No matter, though. I just wanted to try the food.We started with an order of dumplings. When they came, we were slightly confused because there didn't seem to be any soy sauce available. Being the timid folks we are, we didn't bother to ask for some. To our surprise, the soy sauce was actually within the dumpling itself. Although hot soy sauce spraying out of dumplings can sometimes be considered dangerous, we didn't mind because the things were absolutely delicious. We couldn't wait for the next round. We ordered black pepper beef and cracked chili chicken for mains, with pork lo mein and pork fried rice for sides. Everything was excellent. Neither main was particularly spicy, as we were expecting, but the flavors were wonderful and we managed to finish all of it...aside from the sides. Beware that if you do go for sides, there's a bit too much for two people to reasonably eat.We didn't get to sample dessert due to the slight rush we were in, but overall it was a wonderful experience. If I ever get a chance to return to New York (and I certainly hope I do), I'll definitely give this restaurant another try. Give it a shot if you love good Asian food or are looking for a romantic dinner. Better yet, go there for any reason. It's fantastic.
This place is not very noticeable from the outside, but once you walk through the two mysterious-looking automatic doors, it is an entirely different environment than the outside. It is breathtaking! They serve gourmet Chinese food and everything we ordered was spectacular. Will definitely come back on future special occasions.
This place is BEAUTIFUL... It was very dark when I first walked in but I got accustomed to it. The food was delicious and definitely worth my money. I will be going back.
Finally made it to Buddakan after years of having it on my to-do list. It's not as scenic as Tao or other asian fusion places I've been to but it's in a great location and the food is decent. I wasn't impressed enough to go back and try any other dishes.
Came out here for a friend's birthday and loved it. The ambiance is great and would actually be perfect for a date (which would probably be the only reason I'd come back out here again as it is a pretty expensive meal...)Anyways, my three favorites were the....Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly - Cooked perfectly! great starter to our mealGlazed Black Cod: The fish was so soft it actually would melt in your mouth, also AMAZING. Definitely my favorite entree of the dayEdamame Dumplings - I'll be the first to say, I had my doubts since I'm a total meat eater and would normally never order something that didn't have some sort of animal in it... but I'm glad my friend put an order for this in. This thing was just absolutely awesome and it was so light it makes a perfect appetizer. Must try if you come out here
The food is absolutely to die for, the edamame dumplings are drool inducing. You also must try the short rip scallion pancakes, they are unreal! You would probably do a better job ordering if you blindfolded yourself and just pointed to stuff. Everything is delicious, you can't go wrong. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because no matter what, you are always made to wait in the bar area. I presume this is their way of getting you to buy drinks, but it's annoying. And most of the time, as soon as you order, your table is ready, so you have to close the bill before you're seated. It can be very messy. Just seat me at my table text time, please!
So, my boyfriend is addicted to Buddakan's edamame dumplings, he's the biggest fan. Nothing else really stood out from the food and the experience, it was so-so. Had some steak that my boyfriend enjoyed but it was okay for me. Even the cocktails were ok.The service got on my nerves though, and I'm an incredibly patient person. We were rushed as though the restaurant was in a state of emergency. I mean I appreciate checking in, but don't literary tell us to choose quickly, come on. Wanted to try other stuff, but felt like we were infringing on the server's time.Overall, gorgeous decor, but that's about it. Try another of Starr's restaurants over an avenue.
The decor of this place seems a bit dated. Probably not as glamorous as it was when it just opened and since it seems to be a major draw for the crowds, they could think of refreshing it.But the food is divine and extremely fairly priced. Tuna Tartare comes bedded on deviled eggs with the stripe of spicy mayo. In spite of the abundance of rich flavors, this dish still tasted mighty fresh. Their deservedly most popular dish-edamame dumplings-is something you'll dream of for days to come. I still haven't stopped. Fois gras and oysters are supremely rich in flavor, but nicely balanced by accompanying seaweed. Alaskan cod and charred beef fillet were great, but not as spectacular as appetizers. Crying chocolate is certainly to cry for! Classic and pure. We had off-menu cocktails and they were amazing. Hats off to great bartenders in all rooms! Our waiter was professional and extremely attentive. Hands down-5 stars for this classic downtown gem.
Food was good and staff very nice.  Issue was the noise and just so loud with music and people .  It's wide open so no sound barriers.  Lovely place though
Great food, bad service. Every time I came here with a reservation, but they always make me and my friends wait for longer even though we got there on time. The waiter who served us always looks like we owe him ten grands, or he just hates his customer. Peking duck salad is my favorite, I've never tried some salad tastes this AMAZING. Not really Chinese food, more Asian fusion. Let me tell you, you can never find good Chinese food at any fancy restaurant. I said I will never come here again, but I have to come back just for the Peking duck salad. If they serve us with good attitude, I will rate higher.
Excellent food. Excellent food. Excellent food. Have I said - excellent food? My only regret that I dint find that place earlier. Just to describe it - evry dish was 10 ot of 10. PLEASE PAY ATTENTION TO: Edemame dumplings, duck rolls, fillet of beef and deserts. I ussualy do not write raving reviews, but here is WOW!!! 7 out of 7 dishesh was perfect. I am speechless.
Beautiful restaurant, good food and drinks.  The only issue was that the waiter suggested too much food. We ordered 1 appetizer, 1 entree, 1 side of vegetables and 1 curry rice.  Plenty for two people.  We really liked everything except for the lobster egg rolls.  The egg rolls did not have much flavor.   The pepper beef was one of the best meals of my life.  We'll be back!
I'll be completely honest, I thought I was going to hate this place.  I am not a meat packing district kind of guy.Last night I went to Buddakan with a small group, and admittedly, one of the diners in our party has connections there.  We were treated like royalty, so perhaps my review is somewhat biased.  Nevertheless, the service, the drinks, the food, and just about every other metric I could possibly speak about was pretty flawless.The place is palatial, I'm talking cavernous.  You really have no idea how enormous the space is.  The overhead in lease expenses alone must be astronomical.  The decor is very trendy and lounge-chic, with an Asian twist.  I don't think I heard any music under 100 bpm the entire time we were there, so you get the idea about the mood they're going for.  The prices are, well...high.  This place is like a dining event, it's so much more than just a restaurant, and the prices reflect that.  Be prepared.The food was phenomenal.  Edamame dumplings.  I repeat, edamame dumplings.  HOLY.  SHIT.  Pork belly with steamed buns (like sliders), tuna tartare spring rolls, chili glazed rock shrimp, kung pao monkfish, chili king crab, peking duck, mushroom chow fun...I'm drooling here.  Everything was just outstanding.  Edamame dumplings.  There, I said it.
Super good. Came for a business dinner and we just kept trying different things. The decor is also phenomenal.
This place is better than I imagined. The atmosphere is dark and sexy and makes you feel luxurious. The food is the best I've had my entire trip. The cauliflower dish is so amazing I want to eat all over again. For the meatpacking area the portions and price match. Order a few things and share as the portions are big enough to split, well if you're not a pig lol!
I was skeptical, but pleasantly surprised. Cool atmosphere. Solid food: Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls and Glazed Alaskan Black Cod were excellent.Found out after the fact that this is where a Sex in the City scene so it's on the tourist shortlist. That being said, I think it's a solid pick for almost any situation - meetup, biz dinner, date, etc...
We made a reservation here for our NYC trip. We're usually not a big fan of fusion cuisine but due to recommendation from our good friends, we're willing to give it a try. We ordered their new dim sum dish, foie gras dumpling with consumme. The foie gras flavor was subtle but pretty good and spot on. For entres, we tried their lobster fried rice and char-broiled beef. They were both delicious! The service was awesome! We tried the benevolence cocktail, it was yum and refreshing! Will definitely come back again!
I am in love with this place! Please do urself a favor make a reservation and go! I only gave a 4 star bc I wasn't crazy about our table, I was hungry and buzzed too. Place is gorgeous, great energy, and staff awesome. Perfect date night place!
I was impressed on so many levels with this restaurant. I rarely give 5-stars, but this restaurant merits this prestigious rating. It was an incredible overall dining experience, and I will certainly be going back when I'm in the city. Allow me to expound on this:The space itself was jaw dropping. The entrance was so sublime and understated, but when you entered the interior, the sheer size and impeccable and expertly designed interior will impress even the pickiest of diners. The restaurant is so huge that they have dining options for every type, whether you want a small, intimate room setting, an upbeat, trendy room, or a large, vaulted ceiling space with large, communal tables. The choices are seemingly endless. The ambience was perfect. The lighting was well thought out, and was neither too dim, nor too bright, and the addition of candles everywhere greatly added to the "sexy" feel of the restaurant. The music was also well-selected, and the volume was perfect! The food was so impressive here, and prepared very well. The presentation was exquisite. We had a question about one of our meals being perhaps a bit too cold, and they sent out the manager to apologize, and promptly took it off the bill! Their customer service was impeccable, from the waiters to the management...this restaurant is well run, and they truly care about their patrons. Ok...price: this restaurant is not cheap. You will pay more for a cocktail than you would for a full meal at Applebee's,  but...it is totally worth the money. I guarantee you you will not have as enjoyable a night at a chain restaurant as you will here. I left there with a smile on my face, and wanting to get back there.  If you're in town with friends, or out on a great date, make this your restaurant; you won't regret it. The word I'd use to describe this restaurant is "sexy". It's basically the restaurant equivalent of a beautiful, sexy, mysterious Brazilian woman. It will leave you with a smile on your face, and craving more.
I threw my boyfriend a surprise birthday party here and I couldn't have been happier! The staff worked so well with the plan and were amazingly friendly. The was sensational. I was beyond impressed and so happy my party of 16 were having the time of their life. We were a pretty energized crowd singing along to the some of the songs and everyone around us sang along too! They didn't have a problem with it. In fact they came up to us at the end and thanked us for bringing such great energy to the place. The ambiance is perfect and I don't have anything bad to say about this place. Definitely coming back.
Disappointing. I really wanted this to be good but it simply wasn't. Food  service were average at best. TAO is very similar and much better in my opinion.Pros:- HOSTS: friendly and accommodating host staff- ENTRANCE: nice lounge area in front to relax while waiting on table- APPS: edamame dumplings rule, as most other reviews recommended - COCKTAILS: good bartenders mixing up some nice concoctionsCons:- SERVICE: server had the personality of a robot and couldn't help recommend anything. All he could do was tell me how stuff was prepared. Never once checked in on us after dropping the food off. Maybe he was new- FOOD: maybe I didn't order the winners but something tells me it wouldn't have mattered: beef short rib was too dry. Wild mushroom noodles (supposedly their best noodle dish) was salty and saucy as hell. Green tea donut dessert was just alright- ATMOSPHERE: it's pretty cool, but in no way Asian. And it was a little too cold and dark, and the music was a tad too loud in my opinion Probably won't be back. Hopefully this honest review helps lower some of the hype.
Excellent food, excellent service, excellent atmosphere and a beautiful interior design.definitely the best restaurant we've been to in NYC.
I was quite impressed by Buddakan. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. Service was top-notch. The ambience is what drives people to this place - the moment you step in, it's like entering an exclusive club: dim lights, eclectic decorations, and a very grand dining hall.We had a private table, which was upstairs - placing us above the endlessly long dining table.We ordered two appetizers: the frog legs and hoisin glazed pork belly. The pork belly was pretty awesome. The skin was fried to a nice crisp and the fat just melted into your mouth. The frog legs were good, but it's not really something I would order again.As for our mains, we had the king crab hot pot and the alaskan cod. The cod was really nicely done - you can really taste the high quality of the fish. I wasn't so fond of the eggplant though. I'm not a big eggplant person, and it just was too mushy for me. The king crab hot pot was really delicious. The broth was super tasty, and the shrimp crackers were very light.All in all a great experience.
Very quick service and tasty food. Nice waiting room with heat while waiting to be seated.
Friday night was busy.. We waited for a table for 30 min (we had a previous reservation). Its a place that you can try out, for fun, but nothing special. The place is huge, and the interior is so nice. Tried it, but wouldn't go back. Its New York, so many great places to try:-)
i will rate this based on my girls experience as i took her here on a date. the decor in this restaurant is amazing and service is top notch. now to the food it was "ok" not really my style but my girl loved it!  i personally have had a better experience elsewhere don't get me wrong the food wasn't bad but it does not match a $220 bill not even close. I've had better quality food for under $80. definitely will not be coming back too overpriced.
Incredible space, great food, solid service and an excellent wine list. Nothing but great things to say about Buddakan.
If you want a trendy upscale NYC experience, I'd start at Buddakan. The restaurant is extremely dark but really nice. I think Carrie  Big's engagement party was held here (from SATC the movie)Anywhoo... Came here for dinner and ordered a variety of goodies.-edamame dumplings-szechuan dumplings-pot stickers-hoisin glazed pork belly-- **definitely the favorite of the table!**-tuna tartare -deviled tuna tartare-chili rock shrimp-steamed sea bass-boneless spareribs-charred filet of beef-glazed alaskan black cod-peking duck-lobster fried riceare we fatasses? damn skippy! Everything was delicious. Service was great and the drinks, especially the "Dream" was scrumptious. We even spotted Barbara Streisand there. hahaI was thoroughly satisfied and would definitely return the next time I'm in NYC.
Super trendy, so meatpacking but so much fun. And the food is surprisingly good for a hip, scene-y place like this. Buddaken is MASSIVE so perfect for large groups. Their bar area is also huge and gorgeous, so it's a great place to get a drink while you wait (which you will WAIT, even with a reservation. They are annoying in that regard - they make you wait until everyone has arrived, which when you have large parties is just impractical, if 9 out of 10 people are present). The dining areas are gorgeoussss, so dimly lit but sexy. the main hall is kind of a racket, it's so loud but there is a quieter, tucked away one which is more intimate and relaxing. The food is yummy. it's no Nobu but it's very good. Although takeout Chinese is also good, but you are paying for the ambiance and experience here. But honestly, its not super expensive either, you can order many of the rice/noodles dishes for under $15bucks and they're very filling. Drinks are pricey but good and strong. Service was good, a little detached and aloof but not snobby. I think Buddaken is better than Ajna (which is now closed)  Tao food wise. 4 stars, only the long reception wait time cost the last one.
Hands down one of my favorite restaurants.  Came on a thursday night to grab a quick dinner with a friend and catch up.  We arrived a bit early and had a drink at the bar.  I was right away shocked by how nice the place is.  The best way to describe it is to say its sexy.  Its dark, modern, with some stone and brick walls and really high ceilings.   My friend had a cucumber martini which was great (first time I tried cucumber martini).  After 20 min or so, the hostess came over to us, took our drinks on a tray and walked us over to our table.  On the way there we got to walk past the main dinning room which has 5o foot ceilings with chandeliers that come all the way down.  Our waiters name was Ben and he was awesome! We had asked him to recommend somethings to us and we took his advice on all of them.  We started with the tuna tartar rolls which were incredible.  They were a bit pricey and I wish there were more but they were good.  At the same time they brought out the dumplings which were also really tasty, full of bold flavors.   Our next 2 appetizers were the pork buns which were top 10 things I ever ate and the shortrib pancakes.  The buns were fatty, soft, juicy, sweet, salty, and went well with the sour slaw.  The short ribs on pancakes which were my least favorite, were ok, just not up to par with everything else.  We shared a main coarse.  Once again Bens recommendation, we had the lamb chops with the baby bok choy and a side of prawn lo main.   Once again, Ben did well.  We were just perfectly full, not over stuffed.   I insisted we get desert so we did.I told Ben to just bring whatever desert he wanted and he chose the whiskey banana bread with ice cream which was also incredible!  My friend and I were in awe about the entire meal. Everything from the food, service to decor was fenomenal.  It was also mind boggling to see such a ginormous place operate at such high standards.  To the managers at buddakan I must say. GOOD JOB ! I have told everyone about this place and I expect to be back asap!
like ne-yo says "Grab somebody sexy tell em Hey!"  (then take them to Buddakan..)Seriously, this place is sexy. Dim lighting, neat buddha decorations, huge awesome chandeliers. When you walk in here, you immediately feel special and chic. Some of the interior was actually a bit overly dark but luckily I was seated in a slightly more lit part.FOOD: I'd say overall it was somewhat hit or miss. I realized I could have came away with widely varying assessments of this place depending on what I ordered (do your yelp research beforehand!).What I loved:Calamari Salad: If all my salads came with calamari I'd definitely have a lot more salads in my diet. I loved this dish! The calamari was cooked perfectly, it was soft and not chewy, yet cooked long enough that the batter was crispy. I think i had some of the best pieces of calamari ive had anywhere in this salad. The size of the salad was really large as well. I loved the addition of fruit and the dressing in the salad. Delightfully light and tasty. Good to be shared by two.Pretty good:Shacha chicken: The chicken was very moist and had a great sauce that came with it. I loved the really crispy skin on it. Definitely a good choice and one of the more reasonably priced entrees.Lobster fried rice: This was pretty good with nice chunks of lobster in it. Not the most amazing fried rice but a solid choice.MEH/Not so hotKung Pao Monk Fish: Now when eating this I was thinking... I should have know better.  It just wasnt that amazing. The batter was nice and crispy but overall it wasnt that tasty and was on the salty side. Maybe its that the flavor was not all that different from your dime a dozen takeout serving kung pao flavor??  Had I not ordered the shacha chicken I'd probably have been pretty upset/underwhelmed with the dinner entrees.Cooked twice long bean: I should known better when ordering this as well. I assumed it would be really nice and crispy on the outside since it was cooked twice but still somewhat juicy on the inside. What I got was beans that were pretty hard and as much as I hate wasting food, couldnt bring myself to finish eating them.Overall this is a good spot to come to but I'd say it would be wise to read reviews on what to get/not get. This will help you come away underwhelmed.
What can I say about this place! Definitely one of my go to places because it never disappoints.  Very nice ambiance, great place to take someone you're trying to impress be it in-laws, out of towners or a first date..ok maybe more like a second or third date.  As far as the food goes the lobster egg rolls and jade shrimp dumplings are awsome. The grilled Alaskan Black Cod just melts in your mouth like butter. The lobster fried rice if good though it can leave a little something to be desired.  The speacialty cocktail menu is great as well and I don't recall ever having poor service.Also, if the pumpkin cheesecake is still on the menu it's a must have!!!
Place is honestly very good and has beautiful dark decor. Wasn't crazy for the fried rice since its not the normal fried rice you get at other restaurants. I had a steak which was cooked delicious. I would recommend this place to people who are looking to spend lots of money and for a friendly wait staff. I got lost coming to this place because you walk through big huge dark doors into a dark beautiful place.
Great place for a date night. Fancy menu, tasty food and some amazing cocktails. One of the best Asian fusion restaurants in this area. A little pricey but hey they have to run this humongous place!!
The wait was ridiculously long for my dinner reservation, about 2 hours which was ridiculous, but the food was excellent. The manager felt terrible and gave us free desserts, and he came up to us multiple times to apologize. But, otherwise, great atmosphere, good food.
My friends and I went there on Friday. We made an reservation at 10:30pm.It was a little bit crowded at the entrance.Many people were in front of the bar and tried to get the drink.Coat check is free. (But don't forget to tip them when you get your coat.)We got a big table on the first floor(we have 10 ppl.)The music was a little bit loud, but it's okay for me.We ordered the special drink from the menu. Such as Charm and Fever.Also we order bottle of Chardonnay and Rose.The entrees were really good. And the desserts really took my breath away!So pretty and tasty!Everything was so right!  I was surprised when I got the bill.Because the price was much cheaper than I thought!Definitely I'm going back soon.
Wonderful dining place to go out on a date tonight. My suitor accompanied me here and we had an evening filled with meals in our stomachs. Wow! The high-ceiling is fantastic and medieval... Surely this would be a place for proposing marriages to your partner. But, later honey, we'll be engaged someday.
Food was "meh"Went with a group of 15Had:Starters- Calamari salad (meh)- Edamame dumpling (yuck - if they added sugar it would be similar to a traditional bean-filled ricecake)- Chilled Udon (yuck)- Cantonese spring rolls (yum)- Gen. Tsao's Dumplings (meh - looked sad)Mains- Shortribs (meh)- Seared Scallops (yum)- Broken Chicken (meh)- Black Cod (nice, but have had better miso cod)Desserts- Flan (this was nice)- Choco Roll
I love the atmosphere of this place. It's unbelievably cool to be in and I love bringing people from out of town. The chili rock shrimp is my favorite dish and I love their lychee cocktails. The rest of the food is good, but not wow -worthy (I wouldn't recommend the peking duck spring rolls), but overall I think this is definitely a place to go on occasions!
There was nothing  here I didn't like. And we ordered a lot. The filet was the highlight of the meal. Our table was ready promptly at the time of our reservation. Our server, Kevin, was outstanding and all of his recommendations were delicious.
To. Die. For. Hands down, this is now my go-to restaurant. I just can't believe its taken me this long to go there! Last night, I decided step out of my box and enter the world of the meatpacking. Its very rare to find me west of Broadway, but this just might have to change.I enter, and find myself being greeted by 5 hosts behind a black counter. No reservations? No problem, we can find you a table. Coat was checked right away (I think this should now be the rule for ALL restaurants/bars/clubs whatever.)We go up the stairs and are escorted around the HUGE restaurant to our table downstairs. Breathtaking views, honestly cannot even be conveyed by mere words. Our hostess was telling us that the space is over 10,000 square feet. I commented about how wild the layout is and that I've never seen anything like it. She promptly informed us that at the turn of the century, it was actually a Nabisco cookie factory.Our amazingly attentive waiter took our orders and explained that its family style eating, meant to be tried by all. My friend and I ordered 4 appetizers and a glass of wine which came out to about $70. Not bad considering we could not even finish the food, as divine as it was. Now....on to the food.Edamame dumplings. Must try. MUST try. Heavenly. I've never been so happy. Calamari salad, chili rock shrimp, and Cantonese spring rolls were also amazing but I've never been struck by food quite as much as I had been by those dumplings. The table right next to me ordered something that looked like Thai drunken man noodles. That is obviously next on my list to order. I will not be satisfied til I have tried it all.Put simply. If you haven't been there yet, you need to go!
Holly goodness I love this place, been here several times. The food is amazing doesn't matter what you try! The ambiance is fabulous and it's a NYC staple and must experience.
Service was good, but food was just ok.  I was really expecting more from this place by the reputation.
***TODO: In my queue since the dawn of time and never quite finished this review. Its been a while so I don't quite remember details but still worth sharing my notes:-ultra chic trendy restaurant in chelsea. -decor, ambiance, and people are quite hip-walking in through the doors u feel it-everyone dresses up to dress code here, its like a fashion show as u eat-incredibly friendly waiter! most accommodating and polite I have experienced while here in new york-hostess was kinda snootyDrinks:-tranquility: citrus vodka, lemongrass infused oolong tea --- SO GOODAppetizers:-edamame dumplings --- BOMB DOT COM GOOD-scallion pancakes --- PASSEntrees:-lobster fried rice --- GOOD-braised short rib --- SO GOOD-peking duck --- EHHH-some noodle dish --- EHHHDessert:-crying chocolate cake --- PASS-peanut butter bar --- EHHH-donuts --- YUP THATS IT
Came here for a birthday, very big place. I like that when you walk in for your reservation they have a waiting room with a bar until your called. There food is delicious. There are a bit pricey but worth it. If you been to TAO they are very similar.
From the moment you walk in you can tell that this is a very classy high end restaurant ! Amazing food , not too happy with the drinks . Excellent service ! Would definitely go back ! Advance reservations it's a must ! Oh and the scallions are to die for !
I worked there and there's a manager there named Nick who like to say sneaky stuff about the cooks when he doesn't even no how too cook. All he does is prep food It took them 4 weeks to pay me for 3 days pay. He leaves work on the clock and returns. Then wants send people home after he stole hours, the nerve. The place needs to be shut down, they have mice running around in the kitchen playing tag. This doesn't apply to this spot. Sorry
Came here for my bday celebration, great service and great food!!! Drinks were super expensive though
Fun restaurant with a group.   Very good food.   And there are plenty of bars in the area to hit after dinner
The 2 stars are ONLY for the decor, i went to Buddakan to celebrate my 25th Birthday. I ordered the chilli rock shrimp, lobster fried rice, black pepper beef, and spring roles. The chilli rock shrimp was soggy with oil, absolutely no flavor. It was as if it was soaked in oil over night. The lobster fried rice was bland with invisible lobster in it. And also very oily.The black pepper beef, had a delicious flavor  smell. But arrived cold as if it was sitting out waiting before we even arrived. Making hard to enjoy what might have been a good meal. The shrimp spring roles were served hot, crispy on the outside  tender on the inside with alot of flavor. The only thing we enjoyed. I also enjoyed my drink, it was called Fate, a very smooth minty sweet drink made with just the right amount of alcohol When placing my reservation i stated it was a birthday celebration, upon arrival i stated it was a birthday celebration. After ordering and eating. I asked my Waitress Leslie was she aware that we were celebrating a birthday she replied "ohh yea, so umm just order a desert  we'll stick a candle in it for you" then walked off. I wasnt asking for confetti and a marching band, but when celebrating a 25th birthday at an upscale restaurant with a $200 bill id expect atleast a happy birthday song. I witness 2 other tables get special Birthday treatment (4 staff members sung happy birthday  she received a COMPLIMENTARY desert) i know this because i asked. Leslie Sucked!!
Two girls from Germany in New York who love(d) Sex in the City... well, of course this means that filming locations have to be visited. We opted for Buddakan as we wanted to have a true cool night out - preferably coming back to the hotel very, very late (or early..) ;-)We had reserved online about two weeks prior to the date, which was easy and we had to compromise by a half hour for dinner time only - we had expected at least a day of flexibility required on our side, as we booked for the week before Xmas with everyone flying into the Big Apple for shopping.. So this was a nice surprise.On the night, we arrived late as we had trouble finding a cab - a snowstorm did not help.Upon entry we found a very long reception desk manned with girls in black dresses who welcomed us and asked for our reservation. This was done in a very professional manner. We were told that they were running late when I started to excuse our late arrival, so we started to relax. We were asked to sit down in the bar area, where we would be picked up once our table was ready.We walked up and sat down in the large hall that was the bar - quite dark, pure, not what you would call a cozy bar. We had no idea how someone was going to find us, we had not been given a buzzer or anything like that. A nice girl greeted us shortly afterwards and passed as the bar menu, which we started to look at, when a few moments later another, very nice girl asked us if we were the xx-party - which was correct - and our table was ready. She then walked us out of the bar into the restaurant area. I could make out a kind of gallery around some sort of atrium with stairs leading downstairs. She sat us down in one of the alleys of the gallery, close to the stairs that lead down, both of us facing whatever was downstairs. I immediately had to get up and look down: yes, the room where Carrie and Mr Big had had their rehearsal dinner was down there, including the huge chandeliers. Although it felt strange in the beginning to sit in the "alleyway" we did not mind as soon as our waiter -another lady- arrived and was also very pleasant and helpful. We chose Dim Sum as starters and lamb chops and short rib as mains.The Dim Sum arrived a few moments later - at least it felt that way - and was great. We had ordered two different ones, included 4 Dim Sum each, and they tasted really good.After a bit of a wait we had our mains served. Usually, one expects portions in restaurants like this to be smallish: well we were in for a surprise: four normal-sized lamb chops and a large portion of short rib. The lamp chops were just right - pink and tender, great seasoning, really lovely. The sides were mixed veg which were cooked and seared to perfection. The true star was the short rib: very tender, amazing taste - we could not finish it however, it was just too much. And both of us love to eat, believe me.. But, as we had a long night in front of us, we had to have some sugary ending - and yes, we ordered dessert: Crying Chocolate. I leave you to get this and experience it yourself - it was absolutely delicious.All in all, this is a great place to come to with friends for a larger table downstairs, with really friendly, professional and helpful staff, and great food. Price-wise it is a bit costly but not extortionate - especially for such a trendy place, and it is New York after all... Personally, I did not like the bar area as it was too dark and cold - interior-wise, and would have loved to be seated downstairs. I would definitely go again, hoping to be seated somewhere different, but order exactly the same food :-)
I went here for my birthday in June 2013, just forgot to review.One word! Amazing. I had a reservation for 10pm for 12 people. While waiting at the bar, I ordered a drink that had a very acrid aftertaste. I told the bar tender and he immediately gave me a different drink no questions asked.Everyone didn't arrive til probably 10:45, but they help our table and we were able to sit down immediately. They offered us a pre-fixe menu since our party was so large, but we opted to just order what we like. Since I frequently eat at the Buddakan in Philly, I already knew just what to order. The short ribs, pork ribs, edamame ravioli, glazed porkbelly, and rock shrimp are the apps I tasted. All 5 stars. For a main, I had the Mongolian Lamb chops which were perfection. Didn't do dessert, since we were in a rush to party. One of my friends bought me a bottle of champagne and they charge a $25 bottle open fee - which I thought was absurd, so I kept my bottle til later. LOL.Great experience! Bill totaled close to $1200 which wasn't as bad as I expected.Will be back.
The extremely high ceilings in this underground cavernous place contributed to the buzzing and meatpacking-ish ambiance. I loved the food here. The edamame dumplings that everyone was raving about were good, but they weren't exactly something I would order multiple times. The dumplings had creamy, mashed edamame beans inside - definitely nothing like I expected. Rock shrimp was very good but a little bit too salty. Lobster egg rolls were OK. Boneless spare ribs were good. Lobster fried rice was really good. Birthday dessert was very cute.
Went here with friends on a Sunday night and the place was packed as usual. Entree Highlights- Black Pepper Beef, Sauteed Greens, and the Red Snapper in Chili. All just so delicious.Wine's my poison, but this place has great cocktails. Loved "Fate" made with St Germain Elderflower Liqueur .
What a fabulous place with the food and service to match! Loved the vibe, the decor, the dim lighting,  the delicious food (must try the short rib pancakes and pork lo mein). Pork belly was also delish, as were the dumplings. The people watching is divine!
Absolutely gorgeous. I feel like I'm at the dining hall at Hogwarts every time I'm here. The meat and vegetable dishes I've had were all great. For dessert, I HIGHLY recommend the bread pudding!
So this place reminds me of a very exclusive and trendy club.  You walk in, there are about 4-5 host/hostesses behind a counter (sort of like a hotel counter) and they are taking your checkins and coats and such.  Right in front of that is the bar/lounge area.  Also very cool.Once they confirm your reservation, the host/hostess comes and gets you in the lounge area to take you to your dining table.Once you walk through the lounge, you walk in to a atrium like open space where there are huge chandeliers and tables.  Also outside of this main atrium like area is another dining area that wraps around the main room. I have to warn people... its very dark...Now for the food.We came early and didnt have alot of food.  We ordered:Edamame Dumplings - Very good!  Skin was cooked well and the edamame paste inside was also very light and sort of buttery.Vegetable with 1000 Layer Tofu - Vegetables were good.  Sort of like fried vegies that you can get at most good Chinese restaurants.Singapore Chili King Crab - This would be a hit or miss for some... It was definately fresh, spicy and good.  But I didnt find anything special with it...Kung Pao Monkfish - WOW.  Freakin loved this dish.  Well fried, spicy and tasty.  Best dish by far.We didnt have any desserts because we were going to a dessert bar after.Overall its definately a place I would come back to.  Its very trendy and cool enough to bring out of towners and wow them.  The food is also good enough to keep coming back for more.  I am definately a fan.
Quality food and service- excellent experience. Lamb chops with ginger crust were very tasty. Nice ambience and great service. Not cheap- but worth it.
The decor is amazing! Drinks are good but pricey... Hey it's the meat packing district! Food is good but the portions are rather skimpy. I came here twice and both times I left feeling meh. It's ok, I just feel like with hell's kitchen not to far there is so much more to try. Enjoy!
**Yay! I'm the 1,000th reviewer for Buddakan!**Came here for Jimmy C.'s birthday dinner and it was perfect! We started off with drinks. The drink names are so dreamy and ethereal! I ordered the Haze and then Virtue. Virtue was definitely the table favorite. We spent the majority of the time picking out the aloe vera and strawberry pieces. For appetizer we ordered the edamame dumplings. Being Asian, I generally don't like coming to Asian fusion places because I always feel I can get the same thing in Chinatown for a fifth of the price...BUT I've NEVER had edamame dumplings before! They taste almost like mochi very dense and creamy. Just a dumpling filled with ground up edamame - what a cool concept!For our meal a friend and I shared the lobster fried rice and the Alaskan black cod. Both were phenomenal. Big chunks of lobster in the fried rice and @ $16 wasn't that expensive! The black cod was melt in your mouth delicious. The space is huge and it is definitely good for groups, but be prepared to drop quite a bit of money, especially if you're getting drinks!
Best Asian Fusion Restaurant in NYC.
I'm usually wary of Chinese fusion, but this place pulled it off pretty well. The decor is pretty nice, too, so if you want some fanciness to your Chinese-ish food, this place has it! Overall, some dishes were great, and some were just OK. Even if I were filthy rich, I don't think I'd add this place to my usual rotation, but it is good for a date spot, or for a random craving of fancy Chinese fusion.
My favorite restaurant! Love the monk fish plate.
One of my good friends recommended my husband and I try this place and I am so happy we did! From the ambiance to the service, and especially the food, we were blown away. As previous reviews state, you will most likely not be seated on time and my husband and I figured out why. Their bar = their waiting area. This is genius on their part because no one is going to sit there and not order a drink. I am definitely not complaining since it was nice to have a cocktail and be able to take in their unique décor. We were sat after about 15 mins of waiting (and we were a little early) and brought to a table upstairs. Previous reviews say that no matter what, you should sit in the large room but I disagree. Although it would be interesting to sit there, it was definitely more private in some of the smaller rooms and easier to hear the people you are with. The service was fabulous! Our server in particular dabbled with like 3 other languages besides English and we heard her speak them to different tables. Now I'm not sure if this is true of many of the servers in NYC but I was impressed and felt like the visitors from her tables who spoke Spanish/German/French were as well! She was attentive without being at our table every 5 seconds which was also nice. Now for the most important part, the food! Let me start by saying that I completely disagree with many of the other reviews who note that the portions are too small; we left STUFFED! I would recommend ordering one appetizer to share if you plan to order a full dinner. We ordered the kung pao dumplings which were amazing. You don't need a dipping sauce because the sauce is INSIDE the dumplings, delicious! We then each ordered an entrée and a side. They bring everything out as it is made so I think it is best if you are with one other person to order two items that both of you would like. That way you aren't eating while the other person is just sitting there. That is what we did and it worked perfectly! We ordered the short ribs which were to die for, and the broken chili chicken. We also ordered the Chinese sausage fried rice and the wok tossed noodles as our sides; both were great! If we did it all over again, we would most likely order just one side as we couldn't even finish our rice (mainly because we wanted dessert)! We had the crying chocolate for dessert which was a perfect portion to have just a little something sweet to split. It is similar to molten chocolate cake but the outside is less of a cake and more like a chocolate cookie with a oozing chocolate sauce/fudge center. It is served with coffee ice cream, yum!Amazing experience, we will for sure return next time we are in NYC!
Amazing food.   Great drinks.  Love the ambiance.  Reservation is a must.
Beautiful sexy decor matched with simply amazing food! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The service here is top notch as well. We were celebrating a special event and they took very good care of us.
what can you saywhen your date brings you here; you know your in for trouble.a lot of hype, expensive and quite frankly its all good.many guys out with their nieces if you know what I mean?service was good, ambiance is what your paying for.  other than the restroom being a mess, worth a trip.    big tourist spot.I noticed a few tables complaining about their check  which means here comesome poor reviewsgo visit this special place
Very nice and the food was great... The fried duck was good... The wait time was excessive despite the reservation but the manager made the effort to ease the delay with complimentary drinks
The two times I came here for dinner,  the bill was taken care of by my company so I can't comment on the cost-value of the food.Food 3/5I typically am very biased to Asian fusion, but I had no qualms with the food here. But I was also not mind blown by any dish.Appetizers of note: edamame dumplings, Peking duck saladEntrees of note: glazed Alaskan codDecor 4/5I would honestly say the atmosphere and decor would be the #1 reason to take someone here, especially if they are from out of town. Buddakan has a dark and sultry look and feel - it is the epitome of a trendy restaurant in New York, the type you used to see on Sex and the city. Grand geometric patterns fill the walls and doors, chandeliers decorate the high ceilings in the basement. Pretty impressive for out of towners.Service 5/5Impeccable service, friendly and knowledgeable wait staff.Would I pay to come here on my own wallet? Probably not. Would I come here just for the food? Probably not. Would I come here if I had to put on a show for a bunch of visitors? Probably.
his place is t-r-e-n-d-y ! Came here for a last minute birthday dinner and I instantly loved the vibe! We were first directed to the bar since our table wasn't ready and I ordered a vodka cranberry - bartender definitely knows how to make her drinks! However I cannot give this place 5-stars just because the food wasn't OUT OF THIS WORLD...you would think such a nice place with such high prices would actually put spices in their food, y'know? Ordered the Chili Rock Shrimp for an appetizer - ahmazing, but for my entree I ordered the Broken Chili Chicken thinking it would be spicy but to no avail no flavor....if it wasn't for the fact that it was my birthday and i didn't stop by the bar first, I probably would've been mad once I received my bill hahaha
The ambiance and breath-taking décor immediately lets you know this will be a memorable experience. The food itself will wow you at every turn. Beautiful plating impresses almost as much as the impeccable flavor they contain. When it comes to Chinese cuisine, it may not be authentic, but the western/European nuances are a much welcomed touch.
Edamame dumplings - Get in mah belly!  The carrot dumpligs, the general tso dumplings - all were fantastic, but the standout was definitely the ethereally pillowy edamame dumplings.  I enjoyed the scallion pancakes and the mushroom chow fun as well.  But the sweetest most awesome ending came with the Chocolate Pistachio Cremoso dessert.  It is ecstasy.  Do Not Miss it.
STOP! JUST STOP!!! What the hell was that? Oh my God, I have found my new favorite restaurant. The décor is absolutely sexy, the staff is uber attentive, the food...oh dear, the food! A fusion of Euro-Asian gastronomy. There wasn't a single item that I was soft on. Their plating was immaculate, the temperature control to the table was flawless, the pace of the meal was seamless, perfect portioning. I can go on and on!If you have a chance to go, ask for the server that looks like Drew Berrymore (no, really). While I shamefully can't remember her name, she was such a brilliant host. attentive, smart recommendations, warm..just brilliant.Let it be known, this place is not cheap, but you get more than what you pay for!A must for tourists and a should for New Yorkers.
Had a nice dinner with family. Everything was so yummy. Loved the tuna tartare spring roll, filet of beef. Bread pudding was too good.
Lovely dimly lit ambience.. Felt cozy with elegant decor. Food was good... Rock shrimp we're really tasty. Most apps are small as expected, so getting a few to share is a good idea. Prices are average for location.
HOLLY SHIT!evan though my server was kind of nasty i will give them 5 stars! even 6 if i could!this is one of my favorite in NYC.please try dumpling edamame, it will make you wanna jump on your head...over all: great serviceawesome food! i beg you to go and try the dumpling, it is one thing you have to do before you die.
It is difficult to be blown away by a restaurant in NYC and there is great food everywhere, but Buddaken wowed me in every possible way. The service, the atmosphere, and the amazing food were all phenomenal. Between two of us, we went crazy on the apps (4) and shared an entree and noodles. Best choice. We also splurged for the Almond Bread Pudding and have never been happier :)
Wow! This is place is really outstanding! The decor and ambiance if like something out of a film (think "Eyes Wide Shut"). The food is excellent. I literally savored every bite. We ordered quite a bit of several different items from the menu, sorry but I can remember the names of the dishes, but everything was EQUALLY excellent. I do remember Lobster egg rolls and Lobster fried rice. I really wish I could remember but I was visiting NYC for the weekend and we packed allot into two days. This was definitely a highlight though. If i were living and working in NYC, this would definitely be "my spot". Definitely check out Buddakan if you want a truly unique Asian dining experience!
I couldn't imagine this place being a locals hotspot, being a sex and the city reference and all...but wow! The place was poppin' Friday night with the after work crew.I imagine that this place has high reviews for ambience and people. The food was average...but it seems like a great spot to hang out.We had reservations for 2 at 8:45 and were sent to their crowded and dark bar lobby area. I had no idea how they were supposed to find us when our reservation was ready but they did. Our waitress informed us that the entrees may take up to an hour to come out so we had to order in advanced. We opted to order mostly apps and sides to get a range of stuff. Our food flooded out in less than 5 mins! We were literally done with drinks and food in like half an hour. Luckily it didn't matter to us since we had plans to meet with friends but wow. Never experienced anything like it.
I love the food here and the service is on point. Everyone is super nice and If you don't have reservations you can eat by the bar which is cool too but it's crowded for a full meal. Definitely worth it!
Contrary to other reviews, I found my dining experience to not live up to the hype. The food was good and the decor was unlike anything I had ever seen before, but the service was very pretentious and slow. I expected better service here for a restaurant of this price and reputation. Overall, I'd give this place a 3.5 star rating.
This is the most splendid restaurant...if you don't care about food or money.Will your out of town friends be totally impressed with your ability to get into a sick looking place last minute on Friday night?  Damn right they will, and the decor of the place is not to be skipped over, its mastered the correct blend of hip meatpacking night club with elements of my grandmother's farmhouse in China.  Modern with vibrant colors, yet its got the same wood work and vases as grandma's house.The problem with this place is that the food looks beautifully plated and I want to believe it will be just as tasty as it's presented.  But its amazing how they can make such beautiful plates yet manage to suck out all the flavor and replace it with subpar fake chinese takeout restaurant quality flavor.  If they kept the same venue and replaced everything with Panda Express I might have 3 stared the place.But my biggest gripe was the last time I went with a large group.  The waiter asked if we would like to split the appetizers so that everyone in our group could get a piece.  Who would say no to that?  And what a surprise it was, we got all this extra food!!  Too bad we ended up paying some ridiculous "extra add on" fee.  Come on, I thought this was a classy restaurant, not some used car dealership from hell.TL;DR: Everything looks cool, but the menu might have more taste than the food, and you'll be shaken down for money similar to how a crackhead would treat my piggybank.
I was dragged here by a friend for his birthday and was very skeptical on Asian fusion. Usually, if I wanted chinese food, I would go to a chinese restaurant where I can get delicious food for cheap than come here. However the food is hands down delicious. Its VERY different from your typical asian fusion experience.We were lucky to grab reservations for 10 on a saturday night here. Many of us arrived at 8 for dinner but it took them a while to seat us since a couple of them were running late. If you're coming here in big groups, they will only seat when the WHOLE party is here. They sat us downstairs in a one of the rooms in the side but OH MY. Walking down the stairs and looking at the chandeliers hanging from the high ceilings was a whole other experience. It felt like asian hogwarts (but smaller). The only complaint I have about seating and the dining experience would be that the seats weren't brushed for crumbs. It seems like a small deal for OMG was it annoying. A lot of us (girls) wore short dresses and our thighs brushed upon the seats and it was gross!The food was mind blowing! I was so surprised on how delicious and orgasmic this food was. My favorite was the dimsum. The tuna tartar spring rolls were amazing. The pork buns shumai, and rock shrimp deserve an honorable mention. For entrees, there were all good but the best one of everything we ordered was the crab and the mushroom noodles.  I will definitely come here again when my wallet isn't that empty from the damage of buddakan. This place is definitely recommended.P.S. They have really good drinks too. Their whiskey sour that I had was one of the best!
Came here months ago in the summer with my sister and cousin during the week for dinner around 8pm. We immediately loved the dim atmosphere and the hip decor. We all got drinks to start and I ordered the smoke.For dinner, we split a bunch of dishes. We ordered edamame dumplings, rock shrimp, pork lo mien, and short rib. All were decent size and 2 appetizers/2 entrees was enough for the 3 of us as we weren't overly hungry.Fun to come back with a larger group and get one of the big tables.
We Came here for my Brothers Birthday Dinner. From the outside you might walk right pass this place. But as soon as you step inside you will the love it. The lounge area we waited to be seated came with a full service bar . It's Pretty Dark but I didn't mind. We didn't wait long before they walked us to our table .. this place is huge ..  with a beautiful staircase leading you down too an amazing perfectly lit dining area.. you can seriously get lost . But I love it!!The menu was made to share... we order oxtail dumplings, pork potstickers and my favorite of the night the Lobster Egg rolls (so bomb). For our main course we had the lobster fried rice ... it was good. Peking Duck not as good as I thought it would be... Sweet and Crispy Shrimp, Lamb chops, and the cauliflower were all good as well. The service could have been a little better, our server was a little rude but she was nice after my stepfather gave her a few "kind" words. Would I go back again ?? Can't wait toShould you ?? Yup
This place has sass and class. So sexy. I was on the sex and the city tour and we stopped here so we were able to make a dinner reservation! They play great deep house music at night and have amazing drinks. The one I had had smoke in it and was delicious. Their dim sum is bomb!!!!!!We got the dim sum for two and also got the fried rice, a noodle dish which escapes me at the moment, and this amazing sautéed chicken in amazing sauce. I would definitely come back.
Nice atmosphere but the crowd is a little dry. Otherwise, excellent service and friendly smiles!
About last night...this was one of the most delicious meals I've had in a while. From the customer service to the wonderful flavors of the food. I would recommend the following: from the "Dim Sum" the lobster egg rolls are amazing...they have a little spice...I personally don't do spicy food...but these are so worth it. The next item I tried was the cauliflower lollipops, by the way I never knew cauliflower could taste so good. For the main entree I had the sea bass, head to the tail and it was also very flavorful with cabbage on top. To finalize this magnificent meal you have to try the pistachio ice cream dessert, it had nuts, chocolate mouse, flourless chocolate cake, and cherries too boot, all flavors that  absolutely just melt in your mouth.
One of my absolute favorite restaurants in Manhattan. It's so beautiful inside and HUGE !!! trendy attire but comfortable vibe. It is very dim and somewhat loud. I love it for date nights with my bf. The drinks and food ...I was never disappointed. Whenever someone asks me where they should go for a good experience and meal, I always suggest this place.
Massive WOW appeal here, starting with the sheer enormity of the place for it being a restaurant in New York.  It feels like Vegas in here, and if it's possible for a place to be so, it is very sexy. Lots of low lighting and coziness and is a definite scene. Specialty Drinks:Thumbs up for the Royal!Apps:Our group tried a variety of the apps and all were amazing.  I didn't catch what all of them were but the Tuna Tartare Spring roll was fantastic (I am a bit partial to Tuna Tartare) along with the tea smoked spare ribs. Entees:Again, we ordered a variety and shared, but the hands down favorite was the Glazed Alaskan Black Cod which was soft and smooth like butter. Put it on your list!
Came in for a work event with 11 people and I can't speak more highly of this restaurant. The place is gorgeous and the staff was super attentive. We decided to do a set menu and they accommodated everyones food allergies/sensitivities - they even brought out alternatives for people who couldn't eat certain things. The dishes came out fast and every bite was delicious. It was pricey but we left full and smiling, so it was worth every penny. I didn't even know what I was eating half the time and I loved it all!
Awesome experience from start to finish. Shanna our waitress went out of her way multiple times to give us the best experience possible. The Dim Sum platter is exceptional and you can't go wrong with any dessert.
Overall: Buddakan is a fun restaurant to visit if you're looking for a night out in the Meatpacking District.  It can accomodate a lot of people, so it is a great restaurant if you have a large group. The food is great if you're looking for Americanized asian food, and while you can surely find better dim sum/noodles/pork buns at other restaurants in this city, this is a case where "the sum is greater than its parts". Atmosphere: Atmosphere is a huge draw here.  It's definitely a "trendy" restaurant and can easily be compared (by patrons, sorry owners) to Tao, Beauty and Essex, etc.  That being said, the design is definitely more sophisticated and a little less theme-y than the above mentioned restaurants.  I would definitely give the edge to Buddakan here, as it's aesthetically very pleasing and each room has a different look/feel.  It's very large and as such, the noise can be very high, but nothing that too noticeable.  Food: I don't think Buddakan is known for any one of their dishes, however, I will say that everything we've tried has been enjoyable and tasty.  The pork buns are decent, the dumplings are good, and the noodles are satisfying enough if you're looking to kill a Chinese noodle craving.  On this particular visit, we sampled the Broken Chili Chicken and the Sweet and Crispy Jumbo Shrimp.  Both entrees far exceeded our expectations (maybe our expectations weren't very high?), but nonetheless we would definitely order them again.  The green beans and the Asian stir fry are both missable -- they're fine if you feel obligated to add a green veggie to your dinner, but don't expect to be wowed. Service: Service is fine.  No high or low points.
We came here for my daughter's 7th birthday because she specifically requested a "fancy restaurant." We had a flawless experience. The service was top-notch and the food was exceptional. Everything was perfectly cooked and delicious. We tried several dim sum options (shrimp dumplings and shrimp/lobster shumai and tuna tartar spring roll) and the dumplings were extraordinary. The arctic sea bass was melt-in-your mouth delicious. We also tried a fried rice and a noodle dish and both were fantastic. They even surprised my daughter with a scoop of caramel soy ice cream and a hand-painted birthday cookie. Highly recommend; absolutely delicious.
Was looking forward to more a FUSION FUSION kinda restaurant but a lot of it was simple Chinese dishes. Kinda sad I had to pay almost 3x for these dishes that I would've paid much less for in Chinatown. We had the dungeonness fried rice. I didn't taste any of the crab nor where there really any crab chunks. And I thought it lacked in salt and pepper. Lobster egg rolls. Large. But most of it is veggies. Eh. We liked the oxtail dumplings 10/10. Get that !!!! But only comes in 4 small dumplings. I'd still get that again though. Overall great place for ambience and if you wanna impress your date with the classiness of it. But pricey for Chinese food
Ahhhh this place was amazing! Everything from the bar area to the food to the decor to the service- definitely want to go back!Atmosphere: super romantic and fancy, I loved it. The design was eastern Asian and had this mysterious feel with the dramatic lighting and gorgeous chandeliers. Every corner of this place made a statement. Food: perfect. The serving sizes aren't massive so I thought it was the perfect amount of food. We didn't have any leftovers and enjoyed everything to the fullest. The lamb chops were perfectly made. The spring rolls came with the yummiest sauce. The shrimp noodles were a delicious touch to our entrees. And the chicken breast was too fried for me but delicious nonetheless!Service: suuuuuper great! Our waitress was a gem. She really knew the menu inside and out. She also made suggestions on how much to order and was spot on. Price: it's a bit pricy but I personally thought it was worth it. Definitely a lot cheaper than other places I've been to. Will I be back? Do I even have to answer haha - YESYESYESYESSSS
Happened upon Buddakan while trying to find a restaurant everyone in the group would like while getting a chance to try something different.  My company have a penchant for sticking to chain restaurants.  When I travel, I like to try new places.Buddakan is not easy to find.  Our Uber driver said we were at the right place, but did not see any signs.  To help others out, it is across the street from Google and next door to Chelsea Market, but not connected.The initial entry is impressive and won over the others.  The menu is a little pricey, but expected.  It did throw off the chainers.  Appetizers run $12 - $18.  Entrees from the low  $20s to mid $30s.  Peking Duck was $55.Our group ordered a selection of appetizers and entrees.  The food was incredible.  Absolutely won over the skeptics and price was never mentioned again.We finished the night with a selection of desserts.  The Banana Pudding was fantastic.I highly recommend Buddakan.
Cool atmosphere but on the pricey side for what you get - desserts was definitely one of the best things here.
We came here for a birthday dinner.  A few of us ordered the short ribs and they were really bland. That kind of put a damper on the whole meal for our table of 8. We were expecting a total great experience. We mentioned to management but they didn't offer us any kind of compensation, which they should have at a $36 price tag.  Service was sketchy, our waiter was very helpful, though. . It took two times for us to get something after we asked for it.  Line at bathroom was unacceptable. Won't return because of high prices and an imperfect experience.
The food and ambience is amazing. They have great music playing thru out the restaurant. Always a great time.
As soon as we arrived, the place just stood out. The decor was incredible but then there was the food. The flavors just burst all over your mouth. The lobster fried rice was out of this world. Flavors I've never tasted before and the tuna tartar just melted in your mouth. Definitely a treat and will be back
I've always been pretty confused by the likes of Buddakan, Hakkasan, and Tao (and they're kind of all the same in my head, if I'm being honest). Why pay so much for meager portions of "Asian" food? At the same time, I'd be lying if I said I weren't at least a little curious as to the appeal and enduring popularity.Luckily for me, my boyfriend booked us a table at Buddakan for a Thursday date night. Despite arriving on time, we still had to wait in the (admittedly very nice) lounge area since the place was packed. Decor was super sexy (typical Meatpacking), and the acoustics were horrendous (also typical Meatpacking), so that I was practically yelling the entire time.After a 10-15 minute wait, we were finally seated. Service was super prompt, and I rather enjoyed the pace of the meal. Much to my surprise, all of the food was actually really, really delicious. Appetizers included the famous steamed edamame dumplings and short rib and scallion pancake. I'm still dreaming about that buttery edamame filling in perfectly chewy wrappers (don't look up the recipe, I think it literally calls for half a pound of butter), and my boyfriend loved the pancake. For the main, we split a charred filet of beef, wild mushroom chow fun, and Asian green stir fry. OMG the filet was so tender, and I normally really dislike that cut - would definitely order again if I ever returned. Chow fun and stir fry I could've gone without, though; those dishes really did remind me of overpriced Chinese takeout.No desserts, but the drinks we had were well made and not too weak.Would I come back? Probably not of my own volition, but I would not say no if someone else had their heart set on it.
What's all the hype abt!?Went here on a Tuesday night. The place was PACKED to where I thought... is it Saturday? Anywho.... Ladies at the front desk are sweet. They told us to wait in the lounge to be seated. Shortly after we were taken downstairs.. This place is HUGGEEEE. We are seated. How can six ppl be ready to order and no one is in sight... Really!?I tasted everyone's plate. We had:-Xing bass rolls.. Mmm :/-pork dumplings.... Good-scallion pancakes.. Not very tasty- chicken dumpling.... Okay- charred fillet of beef HORRIBLE! I want my money back! And it was so cold... EWW-Mongolian lamb chops. TASTY! Wish I had ordered that!-Glazed Alaskan black cod (not memorable)- hot  sour scallops (not memorable)- broken chilli chicken TASTY- lobster fried rice.... COLD and STALE. Was that leftovers or something!?!?DRINKSFEVER needs to come off the menuFATE was okay and seemed like the best thing aside from dessert!REFLECTION... SmhWe gave up on drinks and went for Patron shots! The best thing was desert!! The crying chocolate, the spice carrot cake, and the bread budding were OMG delicious!! I wish I would have just ordered that as my main course.Other than that, I don't think I'll be back. It's a pretty spot but that's abt it...What a disappointment... Someone one please tell me I caught them on a bad night...
Great service. Great food. We have the general tsao dumplings, Dan Dan noodles with Lamb. The monkfish Kung pao was amazing. , the rock shrimp, always good. we got the crying chocolate as well.
I enjoyed my meal, ordered the General Tso's Dumplings and Lobster Fried Rice. I fel that the lobster rice could have been a little bit better, spice wise, but the lobster itself was delicious and fresh. Meatpacking is just such a scene, it's not Buddakan's fault. It just felt far too touristy and sceney for me to ever really enjoy a meal here. If I wasn't here for a birthday celebration, I probably would have skipped it.Pretty scenery, good food, VERY meatpacking and touristy. Just depends on the type of evening you want to enjoy.
I love the atmosphere of Buddakan but am not a huge fan of the food.  It isn't really asian (although asian inspired) and it is not really fusion-y.  I want to love the food here but I find it very sauce heavy and not really tasty.  I do love the enormous space and it feels very cool and hip inside.  If you are really craving asian food or asian-fusion, this isn't really the place to go.  This is the place to go if you want to wow a non-New Yorker with a very hip place.  I find the staff to be kind of rude - they always try to stick you in some random room - so speak up if you don't want to sit where they initially put you.  It is pricey and in my opinion, not really worth the price.  But I am more focused on the food rather than ambiance so that's where my focus is.
Honestly I don't even know where to start with this place . Complete disappointment . Seriously budakkan ? Did you guys really serve us egg rolls that tasted like the $1.50 a piece ones you get from Chinese delivery ??! Their lobster egg rolls were the first app that arrived at our table and from that point on we were pretty sure I had made a very poor call :( can't believe we wasted a Friday night manhattan dinner on this place !    Service was on the slower side but the bartenders that made our decently priced cocktails while we waited were ever so friendly and quick . Of course ambiance is gorge like many people mentioned in their reviews . Not that impressive though.  Yeah it's super dark and has a nice loungy vibe to it ... But there are thousands of places in NY with impressive decor. So please don't waste your time going here if that's what's pullin you in.      Ok so as far as the other apps we got. Big fat thumbs down for all. Well back to touch on the lobster egg roll again ...They tasted super fried and had a tiny piece of a lobster claw within them . Oh and then they served them with a sweet and sour sauce that tasted like it got squeezed out of a packet. Not kidding . Wish I was . We also got the deviled tuna tartare . Ok this was tuna tartare on a bed of green egg salad . With a touch of spice in the tuna . Yup that's about it . I think the chef was drunk when he created this dish . It was not horrible and tasted ok but just a confusing dish.  We both ate it and kind of looked at eachother with a puzzled look on our face. Yup. Pretty much that's what happened .    We also ordered the chili rock shrimp that were your typical fried shrimp in an Asian spicy sauce. Not bad but not great . Very very average . The only thing we enjoyed were the pork belly appetizer and the fresh steamed buns that came with it . We have had pork belly many a times and this was the only app that we bit into and said was done well .  But again so very average . Zero of these wowed us .      The entrees were such a let down . At this point we weren't shocked when my black cod showed up and was barely luke warm . Nothin like a basically cold piece of pan seared Asian cod to finish off our experience . It was like this was prepared and re heated for the dinner rush .      My fiance's scallop entree was hot at least. The waitress had warned us that it only came with three scallops but we were fine with that . Typical scallop entree with very blah presentation. At this point we were looking around thinking , is everyone else here as disappointed with this dining experience as we are ? I don't get it . Yet people rave about this place and flock to it . Maybe I'm missing somethin ?? Please do yourself a favor and stay away , this place is an Asian fusion tgi Fridays ! The food is clearly pre prepped . Gross . I wish I had ignored the people who for some god unknown reason gave this place a good rating ! Take my advice and skip budakkan . Your welcome. :)
Great place and great food! Every dishes we ordered were so so delicious. Although we waited about an hour to get ours seats on Friday night, we'd glad we waited bcz of great food. Strongly recommend! Definitely worth of trying!
This is my second time here and I absolutely love it. I recommend that you dress up, and the environment is dim but beautiful. The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly. We got the bobo platter for the appetizer, which is just a sampler but my favorite were the spare ribs and tuna egg rolls (which says a lot because I don't even like tuna haha).  We tried their specialty drink "charm" which was delicious, although I didn't really taste much alcohol in it. I got the lemon chicken which was really well prepared but the Sauce was a little more sour than I expected but I guess jokes on me haha. For dessert my friend got the crying chocolate which was a great way to finish off the meal followed by their dessert port wine which was beyond delicious. Definitely want to come back!
We opted for the $95 per head menu. It was extremely filling the portions are made so that everyone gets a piece, which is perfect!The edamame dumplings were ok. The hot dumplings were much better with chicken broth inside them. The calamari salad was excellent. The mains were overall better than starters: beef  short ribs; prawns and fish, all winners!!! The cold noodles with icecream (or sorbet, we never knew) were left unfinished. Desserts were decadent! Sorbets, icreams  chocolate cake were the success stories of the third course. Service was excellent too! Just don't expect authentic Asian food!
Great service, yummy food, and beautiful atmosphere. Very classy. Highly recommend.
Came here with a large group for a birthday celebration. At first I was nervous because the menu seemed quite expensive for small dishes, but the quality makes it quite worth it. There's a great selection of appetizers, and entree can be ordered a la carte style. You order your protein and side separately.The atmosphere is dark and sexy. Upstairs by the bar is quite modern. Downstairs is wide and formal. Just at the bottom of the stairs is a super long table, set beautifully, as if they expect a large dinner party to come.Since we were such a large group, we ordered almost half the appetizers and entrees, even seconds of a couple. These are the ones I tried:Edamame dumplings - light, chewy wrapping, delicious in it's subtley of flavor.Jade shrimp dumplings - delicious, pleasant crunch from the water chestnuts. I had 2.Whole Peking Duck - delicious, amazing, moist, flavorful. The condiments they give you for the wrapping is the perfect accompaniment. If there's one entree you can get here (amongst the dizzying selection of appetizers), definitely get this.Wok tossed noodles with prawns - the sauce was great. noodles chewy. shrimp were cooked well and bean sprouts gave a good contrast in texture.Lobster fried rice - great flavor. moist, tender bits of lobster. crunchy bits of onion for texture.
I'm from Philadelphia and have never eaten at Buddakan there, but jumped at the chance to give it a go when I was in NYC.  I'm usually a fan of Steven Starr restaurants and had heard good things about Buddakan.The first thing that stood out to me was the ambiance and decor.  I went with a friend on a Monday night and the place was buzzing.  Waiting for 15 minutes for our table (came before our reservation) gave me the opportunity to appreciate the astonishing features of the space.  I was blown away by the size of the communal table on the lower level, the paneling, height of the ceiling, and how asian and italian renaissance themes were combined.  A stunning environment to enjoy a meal in.The food, however, was just so-so.  Plates are meant to be shared and are made-to-order.  We ordered the pork potstickers, general-tso's dumplings, the monkfish, filet of beef, and the pork lo mein.  The monkfish was the only dish that really stood out.  Unique flavor, crispy texture, inventive.  The pot stickers and dumplings were of the same quality as something you could get heated up at a fast casual joint.  The beef was cooked to perfection, but the sauces left something to be desired, and the flavor was in no way keeping with the asian-fusion theme.  Service was average.  Our waitress was great, but there was a long gap between our appetizers and mains that was frustrating.Overall, worth a try, but there are other places in this price range that I would gladly try before I would think about coming back.
On atmosphere alone, this would be a 5 star. But the food didn't live up. For the price, I expected better portions and tastier dishes. The Oxtail Dumplings and Bread Pudding were the highlights. Sexy. Swanky. Dim lit. Super great place. Maybe just for drinks next time. Also, the tables were really really crammed together. Made talking while dining difficult.
Great location within the Chelsea Market building and the interior decor is very sheik. Great menus and offering from cocktails, appetizers and entrees.  We had a great meal here and would definitely go back. Even our picky 16 year-old found some this she liked.
Went here with the girls, food wasn't bad. I have had better. I liked the almond bread pudding, it was very moist and yummy. I love anything bready. The things that ticked me off: 1. the busboy, he was really rude. Damn near ruined the night, if it weren't for the cheerful waiter and alcohol.2. the Seating - we were seated next to the door to the bar or kitchen, not sure too dark to tell and it made the place feel cheap like they were trying to fit more tables to make a fast buck. The servers and waiters pass by non stop with plates and glasses clanking, if there had been swinging doors, i'd have left.
Attended the restaurant for a birthday celebration. In total we were a party of 9. The decor and aesthetic of the restaurant was to-die-for. Upon our arrival and await of seating we were escorted to an area where the bar was located. I indulged in the cocktail named "Fate" which I absolutely loved, my friend got the cocktail "Haze" which she absolutely hated and sent back. We were escorted to our seats and introduced to our waiter (unfortunately I cannot recall his name) who was very pleasant and helpful. While skimming through the menu we were informed of the share-table nature of the dining. With knowledge of portion sizes, we decided to each order our very own food choices. I ordered the Rock Shrimp and the Dungeness Crab Sticky. I thoroughly enjoyed the rice and I couldn't stop eating it. The shrimp were okay, a good kick but I felt the sauce was lacking additional flavor. Reminded me of Hooter's hot wing sauce. At the table, we ordered the cocktail charm which was very tasty and arrived in a champagne flute with an array of berries. Others ordered the lobster fried rice, crispy shrimp, chile chicken, and the vegetable rice with coconut froth. No complaints from others on their choices. Overall I enjoyed my experience.
Family style dining in a surreal, beautiful, ambience sets the tone for this restaurant. Once you have adjusted to the interior beauty and uniqueness, you get blown away all over again by the drink and food. I had a fantastic bartender "Jonathan" who helped me make a drink selection and I stuck with it the rest of the night becauseIt was that good. The drink was called Tranquility, and it was delicious. Our table went crazy ordering food; edamame dumplings, chili shrimp, scallion pancakes, duck, pork belly, noodles, ribs, etc. each dish was savory, delicious and perfectly prepared. Then we rocked it out on dessert (told you we went crazy) and had the carrot cake, chocolate cake, etc. Great dining experience, do it if you can!
One word: Amazing.First and foremost, Buddakan -- despite being part of the NYC/cultural landmark and history (having been featured in Sex  The City) -- is really a remarkable restaurant. It's lit like a club and its musical soundtrack is a bit subdued for a club but it's a bit louder than a bar. The acoustics, the lighting and the patrons are, more or less, club folk, and the staff wears earpieces and wireless radios more like Secret Service bearing chic aprons than Costco employees.Having said all that, my expectations were essentially nil, because I didn't know much about this place other than that it has a great reputation. And once we sat down and began dinner, I realized why. And that's before we even acknowledged one of us was celebrating a birthday that evening.We started with short rib buns and chicken dumplings, and our mains -- which we sort of shared -- were lamb chops, kung pao monkfish, pepper beef and a filet dish. We also ordered the green stir fry -- garlic, chinese veg, amazing -- and the chinese sausage fried rice.I could regale you with all sorts of adjectives that would leave you with your mouth watering mirroring some sadistic Pavlovian experiment. But that wouldn't be fair -- unless you're two minutes away from a reservation at Buddakan, in which case it would be great for you (and not for me, having to relive this amazement).Overall, I can say without hesitation that none of what we ordered was mediocre, okay, or even remotely average. Everything was well-prepared, interesting, unique and creative. Lamb chops with a sweet-and-savory asian crust, perfectly medium rare; short ribs with puffed buns that disintegrate once they reach your mouth. A chinese-esque stiry fry that makes you forget about the proteins and has you contemplating -- if for a second or three -- placing an order for a replacement -- and that's with short ribs on the table.I 'spose the bottom line is short and sweet -- amazing. Great for celebrations -- a friend's birthday, release from prison, whatever -- but the real crime would be to skip this place because or in spite of its proper place in NYC cultural history.
Love this place! Tuna Tatar spring rolls are the best!! The atmosphere is cozy and comfortable
Let me just start by saying that service is everything to me. The food could be horrible but good service plays a big role in customer experience. The food was really good! Came her last night to celebrate a friend's bday and ordered the pork pot stickers and the minced pork lo mein. DELICIOUSS!! There was a chicken in red sauce that I tried that was also really good and the lobster fried rice was ok also. HOWEVER, the service could have been better. Granted a few people in the group arrived a little late (we couldn't be seated until we all were there), when we all did come together, we waited an additional 45min to be seated after being told that we would have to wait a few minutes twice. We stood there so confused clearly in the way of servers because there really is no waiting area other than standing by the bar. [Fine] When we're at what seems to be the finale of our meals (though not everyone had finished their food), the waitress clears the table including food that wasn't half finished and as opposed to asking if she'd like to take it home, the waitress trashes it. When the girl asks if she can have it wrapped up, the waitress says, "I'm sorry I didn't know you wanted it." Really? So you decide for the customer here with plates averaging $20+? She probably ate $4 worth of that plate of lobster fried rice. Is it that the staff is unhappy or do they just need training on customer service and accommodation. It was so unfortunate because I really wanted to like this place and I'm just not sure that I will ever return.3 stars for the food alone.
First things first: I've been to this place twice and the food is amazing! I love their shrimp fried rice, edamame dumplings and chilli rock shrimps (a highlight). Complete five star for food - no doubt! Great ambiance.During my last visit, I went there with my wife - and was really annoyed with the service. The server was really rude and unpleasant. My wife and I are light eaters, and we mentioned this to her twice. Even the server kept on saying that the food we ordered would not be enough in an unpleasant manner. I appreciate her concern but my clarifications would not stop her from repeating that again and again! Though I appreciate guidance from the servers, I do not want them to order on my behalf (in an imposing way), and that too when I have been to the place before and am aware of the serving quantities. The food we had ordered was more than enough, in fact we had to box one of the items. Secondly, she once came just picked our dumpling box to check we've finished it - we hadn't - it's basic decency for a server to ask if we're still working on our dish. There were a couple of other staff who would just keep peeping in our dishes to check if they were over. These things in a way spoiled our dining experience, which I hoped would've been great!I would've loved to rate this place a five star but due to this incident am rating it two.
Wow. The decor, the food, the experience.I have been here three times (so far) and each time the experience has gotten better.The first time we came here was with my family and my (now) ex's family. It was our first big family meal. Of course, my ex was throwing a tantrum of some sort because he had a cold and actually had to have his mommy hug him and give him tissues (yes, he was a man of 25) so it spoiled the experience some. Regardless, we ordered some great dishes and drinks and had a wonderful time.The second time, I had a gift card so my sister and I came to indulge ourselves and boy oh boy did we. We got a couple bottles of G (?) sake to go with our soup dumplings, edamame dumplings, dungeness crab fried rice, lobster and a few more dishes I can't recall. All of this was INCREDIBLE. My favorites were the edamame dumplings and the crab fried rice. They were beyond.The third time, I came on a team work dinner so we really balled out with a very large tasting menu. This time (and finally!!) I got to sit in the grand hall (where they filmed the SATC movie rehearsal dinner). It's beyond stunning and extravagant. Food was wonderful and we really stuffed ourselves.I am planning to go back soon with another gift card (lucky me :) to stuff my face with all the delicious food!Be prepared to fork up $$$ and also dress up, it's NYC meatpacking which means heels for cobblestone streests as ridiculous as that sounds.
Just had my fourth meal at Buddakan over the past several years and finally getting around to writing a review.The place looks great and the service is quite friendly and informed (more so than you might expect from this kind of restaurant).Our group of four tried 9 different items and I highly recommend this sharing approach. Dumplings were a hit (pork potstickers and crab/lobster). Boneless BBQ ribs were amazing, although the scallion pancake was a little tougher than I expected.Short rib with noodles and Mongolian lamb chops also all on point. Minor point -- not the best tasting shrimp I've ever had in the shrimp/lobster chow fun (I cannot find good shrimp at ANY restaurant anymore so I've given up).My personal favorite remains the crab sticky rice -- I could eat a bowl of that every day.Desserts were tasty if you have room left for them. I could probably quibble and find a reason to go with 4 stars but really after 4 visits over several years I've never been disappointed. They deserve the full 5.
My favorite place.  Great edamame dumplings.  Would chose them for my last meal.
When I told friends that I was going here, they looked at me with envy. Some comments were, "What's the big occasion?" and "That's where they filmed parts of Sex  The City: The Movie!" and "Cool, dude." I can now tell them all to calm the eff down.The place certainly is cool from the outside (dark, ominous) and in the waiting/lobby area (even darker and ... ominous-er). It felt funky, sexy and cool. The hostess might just as well have said to us, "You have arrived, you hot New Yorker, you."All is very well and good until you begin getting your food. My boneless spare ribs were greasy - very greasy - a mouthful of grease. So greasy the sauce they tried to smear it with would've even stick to the rib. The other dishes (fish, chicken, etc) were all ... okay. As I made my way through the ehhh food though, I just started looking at and through my surroundings. Not every picture is a postcard here. The aforementioned lobby is quite stunning, but where we were sitting, it was essentially a black hallway next to an orange screen. Eh. That, combined with our waiter's three (3) mistakes with our drink orders, it all began to feel pretty phony, "themey" and incomplete. A not-so-sleeker version of Epcot. I'm serious.The dessert, it must be said, was amazing. Pumpkin Cheesecake, plated gorgeously with chocolate bands covering the serving. It was delicious. My compliments to the chef ... the dessert chef.
Great atomsphere and food. The appetizers are the best. Try the general tso soup dumplings, taro lollipops, braised pork belly, potstickers, and duck rolls. The lamb is one of the better entrees. Try a cocktail or two, also very delicious!Reservations recommended!Food: 7.5Decor: 8Service: 8*ratings out of 10
Had yet another incredible meal at Buddakan on April 7. Kevin was our waiter and he was ever so charming and attentive. My dear friend and I ordered the pork dumplings, the edamame dumplings, Sweet and Spicy crispy shrimp, peanut noodles and the green asian stir fry. Yet again the meal blew my mind and impressed my friend who is a cook herself. For dessert we chose the Passion Fruit dessert mentioned in my last review (please refer to earlier review for details). Our favorite part of the meal were the pork dumplings. Crispy, spicy and a tad sweet, the dumplings were an absolute delight. The peanut noodles had quite the inventive composition but didn't do it for us. The dish was a bit dry over all ( not enough peanut sauce ) and as a whole, over powered by candied ginger bits. The shrimp and green stir fry were favorites of mine from last visit and they were as good as ever!!! We each had a specialty cocktail to drink ( names don't come to mind) and each was a superb concoction of favors! Well done, Buddakan.
I don't really understand why this restaurant is so popular when literally 80% of their tables are located at dark noisy hallways...Moderate prices. Delicious food. Amazing service. I have to mention our server Ben. He owns 3 of those stars.
There's upscale classy and upscale trashy, trendy chic and trendy vulgar, and this place falls in the latter on both counts.Unimpressive decor, tawdry to the max. Awful, awful service.We had a reservation for 10pm and arrived at 9:50. The hostesses at the long, corporate-receptionist-like counter were impersonal behind their computer screens and told us brusquely to wait at the bar and they'll "find" us. The bar/lounge area is set apart from the reception and filled with people. People sitting and eating, people standing and drinking, people getting seats and ordering food. Sorry, but you didn't even LOOK at us when we walked in, so how are you going to find us in this mess?We decided to give it a shot and squeezed our way through heavily cologned and perfumed, self-described "beautiful people" to get drinks. I have had better lychee martinis named as such (not "Haze" - wow, so avant-garde) in non-Asian-themed bars in Alphabet City. At 10:20 we started flagging down the hostesses wandering around with clipboards to ask them about seating us. That's how you'll "find" us, by us doing all the work? We saw a couple get a table next to where we were standing (dining in this lounge/glorified bro bar CANNOT be a pleasant experience), and they were ignored for a good ten minutes. By the time we - I stress, WE - found a hostess who decided she could seat us, it was 10:35.We left.
Was worried this restaurant wouldn't live up to the hype but everything was quite good. That being said, the apps were definitely the stars of the evening. We ordered lobster dumplings, tuna tartar spring rolls, pork belly buns, and chili rock shrimp. the shrimp was light and crispy.the dumplings and buns were wonderfully balanced, and I could've eaten 20 of the spring rolls and left happy. As for the mains, they were all good, but no standouts. the dungeness crab sticky rice and imperial beef and broccoli were a tad over-salty. both desserts were amazing, with all components coming together. would go back and stick to apps and desserts!one complaint, i love that everything comes out famliy style but the plates are just too big for the quantity of food on them. the table gets overcrowded and we all ate a bit anxiously trying to clear plates off the table.the service was great during the meal, and then after we'd asked for the check, i asked 3 different servers for a water refill (15 minutes b/w sorting out the bill and everyone in the party going to the bathroom) and NEVER GOT IT. if it hadn't been christmas (no one wants to be a scrooge!) and our main server hadn't been so delightful i definitely would've docked on tip for that blatant oversight.
Buddakan is incredible. If you're looking for a great venue for a small or even a large dinner party (we had a party of 20+ last time). Go to Buddakan and you won't be disappointed in the service, the impeccable food or the gorgeous ambience.
Great way to spend a birthday! Tried the tasting menu since it was a larger group of us and it was totally worth it and delicous. Beautiful atmosphere and overall vibe. I am a NYer and it didn't feel like a tourist trap which was great. Will definitely be back.
its always a great experience. fun, very new york.just very loud, usually, so not the best if you want to have a romantic dinner.(best romanic dinners in manhattan: "palma", "home", "wallsee")
Drinks are good- food is hit or miss. The scene feels stale after all these years but I still go- although not top of my list.
Absolutely amazing. This was my second trip, even better than the first. The vibe and food are equally great! Can't wait to come again! For drinks, we both had the Charm cocktail, very light and refreshing.  Started with the General Tso Dumplings, Shrimp appetizer, steak for our main and the vegetable rice. Bread pudding for dessert was to die for! Love, love, love!
A must for dinner!!! The food and atmosphere was by far one of the best restaurants I have been to. Every dish was amazing and perfectly flavored. You muuuuuust have the bread pudding.
It's fancy but alright experience. If I'd come back, I wouldn't bother to order dim sum. Main dishes' taste matches the place profile.
I came here a few weeks ago for a friend's birthday, and we got one of the pre-fixe dinners. While the prices were a little steep, the quality of the food was top notch. I wasn't so impressed by the lobster fried rice, but the shrimp and beef dishes were amazing.You are definitely paying a premium price for the decor and service, but the food is really good, so Buddakan is definitely worth checking out!
Great atmosphere, spectacular Service. BUT the food is hit and miss. Definitely not worth the price.I would give it three stars if it wasn't for the amazing service.
Really like this place one of my favorite places the food the ambience was delightful. I had a great time and the service was great all the food came at different times it was for sharing which is always a great thing
Took the boyfriend here for his birthday.The atmosphere is super elegant, dimly lit, and nicely spaced out (although it gets crowded, it's not claustrophobic). We first were led into the bar area, where we had a couple drinks - a bourbon based one and I had one with elderflower liquor. We were then led to our table. We ordered the following:Appetizers:Pork Belly - these were absolutely delicious. The spicy cole slaw that accompanied the pork belly slices definitely had a zing to it, but it was del-lish and I wouldn't have perferred it any other way. Scallion Pancakes - these were covered in braised short ribs and green apple. I felt as if the dish was a little salty, and we were both disappointed there weren't actually more pancake. Entrees:Soft Shell Crab - cooked well. However, there were a lot of sauces on the plate under the crab...it seemed a little confusing. I caught bits of random spice and random sweet. Also, the presentation seemed a little disheveled.Charred beef filet - cooked amazingly and came with a beurre blanc type sauce + vegetable chips (lotus root, sweet potato, taro) that were delicious. My boyfriend was able to bite into the beef without slicing it - it was that tender. Side dish: Crab sticky rice - I love sticky rice, but it was just okay. A little greasy and not that special. Overall, the service was spectacular and one of the biggest reasons this restaurant is getting 4 stars. The food itself had its ups and downs. I felt like there were a coupe home runs and the rest was just OK. Would come again to bring an out of town friend just because it's a fun neighborhood (next to/in Chelsea Market).
I had the chance to dine here on my recent trip to NYC. The very first thing I noticed when I walked in the lobby area was the place was dark. I mean hella dark. Like "can a brotha get a night light up in this bitch ?" dark. Once  I made it to the main dining room I was greeted with a beautiful open space with high, soaring ceilings and candles at each table setting the mood. Ridiculously romantic. My dining experience  consisted of the following:edamame dumplings- texture of this dish was unique. Edadmame was puréed so it was thick and dense.  I don't think I ever tasted dumplings like these before. Can't say I loved it though. Chilled udon noodles-- cold noodle dish. Which tasted good. Not usually a fan of cold noodles , but the noodles had a slight sweetness and peanut taste which I liked. Cantonese spring rolls- I know ate a couple of these. Maybe I was drunk , but I really don't remember loving or hating it. General Tso's Dumplings - once I popped these babies in my mouth and bit into the dumplings,  a rush of flavors hit my taste buds. Awesome starter dish. Short ribs- Beautiful presentation. Boneless ribs cut in small pieces laid over a bed noodles. Delicious and tender. I enjoyed this dish very much.Buddakan serves up good food and provides a panty dropping atmosphere that is romantic yet trendy without being stuffy.  Staff was excellent with no douche baggery at all which is always a plus in my book !I definitely recommend this place
Ok, so, went to this restaurant on my birthday a few weeks ago and It was very nice.  The Chili Rock shrimp and Tuna Tartare spring rolls were excellent! However, for $200.00 bucks for a dinner for 2, I would not make this spot a frequent flier on my list.  In the future, I would just order appetizers, skip the bar and keep it moving to another spot, not that it was bad, just way to much hype for the price.  But, once or twice a year will work for this spot as far as I am concerned.
Beautiful restaurant. The wait staff is very friendly and helpful. Would definitely try a lot of the dim sum and appetizers. The tuna spring rolls were one of my favorites!
Probably the best food I have had in the last decade and I have eaten out all over the world.  Enough said.  Ambiance = 10/10,  food was 11/10.   I don't yelp many restaurants because I'm not easily impressed and I'm just apathetic towards it.  This place...... I can't even describe how great it is.
First off - to all women.  SLEAZEBAG alert at the bar.  When a guy tells me he is going to slip something into my drink so that I will actually talk to him and then hands me a drink - and I almost go to slap him - until my colleague shows up to save me - this is the start to a baaad night.Take it as a warning - watch your drinks at that bar as I am sure that creep would do such a thing and he said he frequents the place.That aside- the food I would say gets a 2-3 star rating and the atmosphere of the downstairs dining area is great, so 4-5 there.  Also nice service from our waitress.We all did the $75 tasting menu.  Every single dish to me was pretty underwhelming.   It reminded me of Tao.  The best dish - the scallops - cooked perfectly.  The fried rice was also good and edamame dumplings - different/pretty good, along with the asparagus.The pork belly was a let down as were the cod and chicken dishes.  Not bad.. just nothing great.Seriously you get SO much food served family style with the tasting menu you will be too full by the time dessert comes out.    The only one I tried was the bread pudding (perhaps it was almond, not sure), which was pretty good.So really I can't say anything was bad here but for the price the quality could have been better.Overall 3 or 3.5 stars - good/fun to try once, but once only.
Couldn't get reservations at a decent dinner time...so took our chances and came on a walk-in basis.  To our surprise, we got seated in less than 5 minutes.  The space is gorgeous.  Family style is the way to go to try more:Appetizer:Bo Bo Plate (sampling platter of 2 pieces each of: tuna spring rolls, sesame shrimp toast, boneless spareribs, carrot dumplings, Cantonese spring roll)  = great presentation and nice for a first time visit for someone who wants to try everything. The tuna spring rolls were tasty, shrimp toast was super yummy, and the Cantonese spring roll was my favorite.  The others were good but not as impressive.  Dinner:Singapore Chili King Crab = loved it!! I think it consists of 1 king crab leg cut up within the shell with lots of flavorBroken Chili Chicken = breaded chicken cutlet in a pool of sweet and little spicy sauce (a little bland for my taste so probably wouldn't get again)Chinese Sausage Fried Rice = on the saltier side but very cool presentation w/ a fried egg on top.  Tastes like a bit like local Hawaiian food. I would get again to eat  w/ a meat dish. Dessert:Crying Chocolate = A MUST!! Great artistic presentation.  Tastes best when you combine all the ingredients!  The jasmine tea ice cream adds to the flavor of the ganache.  Rock Sugar Donuts = light and fluffy sugared donuts with 3 dipping sauces (chocolate, raspberry and egg custard).  This was pretty good and nicely balanced w/ the sauces but I just can't stop thinking about the Crying chocolate. =) If I come back, I will definitely have to make a reservation to sit in the main room with the high ceilings and gorgeous chandeliers.  Waitress was very knowledgeable about the dishes and very attentive.  If it is crowded, the bar also serves the same menu.
I couldn't have been more clear about my food allergy to the waiter. But they messed up and served me food ignoring what I had said. The manager told me they had only made one mistake that day with allergies. That one mistake matters to me. I value my health and won't be back.
My wife wants it to be known that we really debated over 4 or 5 stars.   This restaurant is really the best when it comes to Asian Fusion in NYC. For those that want a special food experience and have preconceived notions about Chinese food as a culinary treat then this restaurant will challenge your thinking. My advice is to keep ordering and keep trying everything you can in a group setting.  The decor is special and the only issue with the layout is the noise and fast pace. Funny that a restaurant whose namesake references Buddha is anything but peaceful.On the flip side, your senses will be left heightened.
I've been to Buddakan several times over the past 4+ years and realized that I've never reviewed it.  A few tips: this one is better than the flagship one in Philly and request the Study Room, if possible.I come here to celebrate my birthday, end of summer and other achievements and I'm always treated by my very generous and lovely aunt who literally encourages us to order the menu... yes the whole menu.I highly recommend the following:Rock shrimp- great appetizer, a little spicyBoneless spare ribs- decadent, sweet and savoryLobster fried rice- a great side and who can say no to lobsterMonk Fish- fried whole fish with spicy thai saucehoisin glazed pork belly- comes in the buns and well seasoned.lobster egg rolls- large portions, crispy, small chunks of lobsterOne of my favorite desserts is the crying chocolate, but I recently went in August and had their carrot cake which was out of this world!  I'm hoping it'll become a permanent fixture and not just a seasonal treat.I recommend coming as early as possible to enjoy dinner (~5pm).  This place gets very loud during the dinner service, even on weeknights.  Request a private table if possible or you might get seated at the very long communal table (which could be fun), but also very loud.
Came here for dinner with my friend this past Friday night. First all the positives: the food was amazing. For dinner we shared the crab sticky rice, edamame dumplings (which I could live on the rest of my life and not hate it), tuna tartare spring rolls, and oxtail dumplings. Then for dessert we had the almond bread pudding, crying chocolate, and green tea doughnuts. (There was no way we could pick just one.) In addition I had one of their specialty drinks, Longevity. From beginning to end this was one of the best meals I've ever eaten. There was nothing I ate or drank that I didn't like. The place itself is also super cool with really awesome decor and a nice ambience. A little loud upstairs, but we ended up being seated downstairs where it was a little quieter.However, the service left much to be desired. If you are paying these kinds of prices for a meal, you should get quality service to go with it. When we first got there our waiter was attentive, and our food came out quickly. However, we weren't even half way through our meal, and all of a sudden before we realize what's happening, a busboy came and took away one of the dishes, which still had a tuna tartare spring roll on it. The dish only comes with three small rolls, and we clearly did not look close to finishing our meal where it would warrant him to take anything away, so needless to say we weren't happy about that. Then we were sitting there for an hour before our waiter came back to check on us, and he must have passed by our table roughly 8 times. Maybe this was just an individual experience, as many other people that have reviewed said otherwise, but I definitely was dissatisfied with the service we received.Overall this is a really great place with awesome food. It's worth going to for sure, just make sure to hold on to your plates.
The chef here is a genius because everything we ordered was mind-blowing. The wait staff was also very charming and helpful. We'll definitely be going back.
Buddakan is just an incredible place to dine at. Went there for my GF birthday with a party of 5 recently. When we first arrived we were greeted by a very hospitable hostess who checked us in and made us wait in the waiting lounge/bar till our table was ready. We waited a total of 5 minutes before we were directed to our table. We sat at the really long table at the center of the restaurant which kind of reminds you of a scene at Hogwarts in Harry Potter lol. Service was incredible from beginning to finish, very attentive staff and really friendly. The food was amazing I enjoyed every dish that was ordered by us that night. I will definitely be going back here again
The place is beautiful from the inside but the food in just under-seasoned, under spiced underwhelming Asian fusion. The food is no where near as appealing as the service or the ambiance. It's good just not great or even really good. The food tastes like any Asian fusion restaurant  you find every 10 blocks in manhattan, just prettier.Nice cocktails though !
This place gets five stars for making eggplant taste like mushrooms.  No seriously, we tried the alaskan glazed cod, which tasted amazing and was cooked perfectly, and came with little piles of... eggplant... on the side.  Both my girlfriend and I hate eggplant, but both of us were completely fooled into thinking they were shittakes for a good ten minutes.  Now that takes talent.We also really enjoyed the scallion pancakes (which had apple in it!), the black bean silken tofu, and the sizzling short rib.  The prices are a bit steep, but totally worth it.
If you're looking to find a place to impress your friends or family with Thai cuisine, this place is it.Delicious appetizers and entrees make Buddakhan a place worth returning to.Food - 9Ambience - 10Service - 8
Absolutely love this place, I've been there more than a handful of times and I'm never dissappointed... Service is always amazing and the food so far is always very delicious and consistent.
I have yet to be disappointed in Biddahkan. Super great food.  Order enough! The different dishes were out ragous the cod fish and the duck salad were great!  The noodles and mushrooms were OK.
Seeing that there are so many stellar reviews for Buddakan, we HAD to check this out when we were in NYC.  It's in the meat packing district which is a fun and swanky area. We couldn't get a reservation until 10:15pm any night of the week which was ridiculous but hey, when in Rome right?  Checking in for your table is like checking in for a hotel with all 5 hostesses working.  We were a little annoyed because our table wasn't ready at 10:15pm so we had to sit in the bar.  The cocktail server was pretty rude and annoying. We wanted to order an appetizer but he told us not to since our table would be ready soon.  I was peeved because you don't mess with me when I'm HANGRY!  Anyway, we got called to our table rather quickly so he was right.  lol.  I have to say, the food is terrific.  Every single thing we ordered was mouth watering.  The plates were fun for sharing. It is SUPER dark in there so you probably want to bring your flashlight app on your phone so you can read the menu. It's contemporary and stylish but not very cozy at all.  We waited a good long time for our server to arrive but once he did, he was fab.  Here's all the things we ordered that we L.O.V.E.D.  Sizzling Short RibAlaskan Black CodChili Rock ShrimpVegetable Fried RiceGeneral Tso's DumplingsChinese Sausage Fried RiceThe Noodle dishes were decent but I suggest all the items above first.  Prices are good too. Not cheap but definitely less expensive than we were thinking for such a hot spot.Oh, you MUST love ASIAN cuisine and you must be at least slightly adventurous because everything has a bit of a twist.
They make the drinks stronnnnnggg up in this bitch. They want you to get drunk. I couldn't even get past one drink. I like the many options for seating areas: communal table, bar and small tables with two lounge chairs for the intimate moments.The guy to girl ratio is ridic. Massive amounts of good looking men. I've only noticed couples the night I went. But there seemed to be more single ladies dressed to the nines to attract the male species.  Buddakan looks like more of a lounge than anything. Serving food doesn't look fitting here.
This place is gorgeous. The decor is superb. Over 2 levels of dining including communal tables. Like a lot of these NY restaurants, despite having a reservation, they still make u wait at the bar so u can start buying drinks! However, the service by our Aussie waitress  the quality of food were excellent.
asian fusion. it's a category of food you always have to take with a grain of salt. obviously, $30 asian fusion dishes are not going to compare to $10 genuinely asian dishes, but if the latter is what you wanted, then shame on you for coming to a place like buddakan.you go to buddakan when you want to celebrate, to dress up, or to indulge. you WILL spend a good amount of green, you WILL get appropriately small (though not too small!) portions of food, you WILL get attentive service, and you WILL be presented with asthetically pleasing dishes.i'm a fan of the decorations and ambiance, though it's a bit quirky, especially the long common table on the basement floor. this ain't no dark and danky basement though, it's all glamour and glitz up in here.food:// edamame dumplings: +// scallion pancakes: ++// chili rock shrimp: +++// sizzling short rib: +// alaskan black cod: +// shacha chicken: +++// lobster fried rice: ++// charred asparagus: ++// almond bread pudding: +++// crying chocolate: +drinks:// 1 tranquility: +// 1 punch: +// 1 solid: ++// 1 lush: ++// 1 charm: +++// 2 triumphs: ++// 2 martinis: ++// 1 hennessy: +++// 1 bottle of moscato: +++4 girls. $400. only about half of which was for food (if that!). yup, just what we were looking for to kick off the night.
I certainly agree with other reviewers in that this is a beautiful restaurant, the decor and environment was my favorite part of the evening. We had a 10:30pm reservation, ended up getting seated by 11pm only after we had checked back with the front desk three times. I had lunch at noon so clearly I was starving! I was sipping a Haze drink while we waited, which was very good, very light in flavor yet you know it was strong in liquor.We ordered:rock shrimp- some reason I thought this would be a bit sweet from the chilie or heat as most asian dishes, but it is totally savory. It's a popular dish and tasty, but we found sand in a lot of the shrimp which we crunched on, so these shrimp were not cleaned well.Pork Belly Buns- YES, these were our favorite...please note they are covered in red onion so bring a breath mint! Light buns and the pork was seasoned perfectly, slightly sweet and carmelized.Lobster Egg roles- each has one entire meat from a claw, but its stuck in the middle or on one end so the rest is just cabbage, it would be better if they dispersed the lobster in small chuncks through out the roll. But the eggroll itself is very good, not greasy like most.Lobster fried rice- like normal fried rice, but more fresh tasting and less greasy. You can  see it's white rice, so that means it hasn't been fried to death.spare ribs scallion pancake- this was just ok, nothing special. Just shredded rib meat on a pancake which didn't have much flavor.Overall, I suggest the lobster fried rice and the pork belly buns..everything else was just so so.But go for the decor and drinks, its truly beautiful!
Prefect place for a date, perfect for a celebration, perfect for a time with friends......and yes you do need reservations.You'll be in awe to how massive this place really is and you'll be humbled to how professional and courteous the staff is.The meal portions are as bit small I must admit and it isn't the cheapest place in the city either but you will not be disappointed by the taste, which more than makes up sure ANY issues you have with the place.
Trendy and amazing food ! Perfect for date night! Menu is reasonably priced.  doesn't hurt that you may spot a celebrity or 2
I usually try not to review places that have "enough" reviews, but it may be my ego that brings me here to at least throw in a couple opinions on this popular place:This was my second time here. The waitress recommended we dive in to the tasting menu. We came out alive - I don't know how. The tasting menu is INSANE. There is *so* much food. Oh my. Is this a bad thing? yes. My belly aches just thinking about it. We were full by the time appetizers were done. I do not lie. Spent, we dove in to the rest of the meal. You have never seen six petite women with such round bellies...Highlights that we totally loved?Lobster fried rice awesomeRock shrimp Broken chili chickenIf we dare go again, I'd like to try:Rock shrimp tempuraGenerla tso soup dumplingsSpring rollsCrying chocolateBlack codWe had a great waitress - very interactive and very animated. She was a show herself (she volunteered that she was a budding actress - a classic NYC cliche...). Service was good. Place was packed. Likely very toursity. Who cares - food is good and drinks are yummy.
Every now and again (when my pockets of my fancy pants can afford it) I like to treat myself to a nice dinner where nice atmosphere and great service are a given. Enter Buddakan, and enter just the right amount of fancy to stuff in my pants (and belly).We had an awesome dinner that consisted mostly of trying different dumplings and side dishes, which seemed to be the best value (yep, even when I'm wearing my fancy pants, I'm still constantly looking for a deal!).  Most dumplings came 4 or 6 to an order and they were great for sharing. My favorites were the soup dumpling and the pork belly. Both had great flavor and were quite filling despite their small size. We also tried the lobster fried rice and the pork lo-mein. I especially liked the lo-mein which was not at all greasy or oily. I had a few bites of the stir fried greens and I also thought they were done just right. I was worried they would be bitter as bok choy sometimes can be, but the dish was perfection.Our server was incredible too. He was so knowledgeable about the menu and guided our ordering decisions very wisely. And then of course, there is the ambience. We went on a Monday night so it wasn't too busy, but I can only imagine the energy that must shoot through that place when those tables are filled. My goal is to have a large dinner party in the downstairs communal table sometime soon a la Carrie and Big!SO yes, it's pretty pricey and nothing I can afford to do too often, but it was a nice treat on my last night in New York.
Got a reservation even on valentines day 2015, and I was even late for that. However I still got sat right away.  Food was delish to say the least.  My GF's favorite part of the whole establishment was the exotic leaking candles they place on each table and allow them to  grow more and more wax every night. I would have just preferred a new candle but it must have some sort of meaning behind it.  Drinks were strong and not watered down at all.  Bill was over $200.00 and that included many dishes so it was well worth it.
Decent Asian in the meatpacking district.Try the Peking Duck SpringRolls or the Bo Bo Platter with cocktails.The Haze will knock your socks off.
The first time I came here, I was far more impressed.  The second time, I found the food to be lacking.  With that said, the edamame dumplings are EXCELLENT!  The fried seabass dish was a dud and when asked to wrap it, they left out the entire fish only two fried nuggets.  The lobster and shrimp noodles were good the first time, but very lackluster the second and was waaaay too salty.  Great décor, but very pricey given the fact that the food is dressed up Asian fare that can be had for a fraction of the price elsewhere.
Two stars is generous. Really. My mother said it best, a glorified Ollie's. The ambiance is gaudy, for the easily impressed, and confusing. The food was either totally under seasoned, salty to the point of disgust, and the service rushed. Here is my biggest complaint. They claim it's "family style" but the wait staff encourages everyone to order an app and an entree EACH. I ordered two apps and one entree, and my parents each ordered an app and entree. All appetizers arrived totally scattered on the table and no effort was made at all to ask who ordered what because they just put it in the middle and everyone picks at it, which felt awkward and forced. The waitresses changed without telling us halfway through are meal and had zero knowledge of wine whatsoever. My mother asked about Chardonnay and the waitress pointed to the red wine list, which granted garnered a laugh from my kind mother, but it was like a circus. The hotel style hostess table is cold and uninviting with tall beautiful faces making you feel lucky that you got in. Yuck. Overpriced, loud, sophomoric.
I went there last night for a bday dinner. Party of 13! We had a great time, Kevin our server was great! He had great energy, was very nice and knowledgeable of the menu. He made great recommendations and was very attentive! The only thing I didn't like was that the host didn't walk me all the way to the table and my friends had to wave me down.. Other than that the food was delicious.. Will definitely be coming back but only for appetizers drinks,desserts and Kevin lol , main courses weren't all that.
Gorgeous space!  Did not expect it to be so big when we walked in- sat in the main dining room at the long table downstairs.  Great decor.Was there with a large group, and received excellent service.  Food comes out as it is ready, so be prepared to order that way.  Our group loved the lobster fried rice.  Spicy Yellowtail and edamame dumplings, scallion pancakes, sizzling short rib.  All delicious!  Did not personally get cocktails but great feedback from my group.  Nice wine selection.One con is that in that large room it can be hard to hear across the table.
Delicious food HORRIBLE service. They ignore u. The waitress paid no attention to our table.
PROS: AMAZING, quality food, Cozy but classy atmosphere and service. everything tastes great. CONS: Pricey(worth it in my opinion) and small portions.WHEN: Come to buddakan for any occasion but be a little more dressed up than your casual wear. They are great for families, social outings, business dinners, etc...I wouldn't recommend this place for kids.WHAT: Food choice here is "asain" , similar to chinese food but more high end and some items catered more towards the liking of the american cuisine.-Edamame Dumplings: Absolutely novel and delicious. imagine the refreshing taste of edamame but in a soft chewy dumpling bathed in a light flavorful broth. I was suprised at first but I realized it was mashed edamame in a dumpling. :]-Mushroom Chow mein: very flavorful, good texture-Rock Shrimp: THE BEST DISH, cooked perfectly, the shrimp was not chewy, but was the perfect texture, almost like melt in your mouth lobster. It was in a creamy chili sauce. (if I could, I'd eat this everyday)-Lobster fried rice: can't go wrong with perfectly cooked lobster and quality fried rice.-Snow peas: Simple stir fry, but the peas were crisp and not soggy-Peking Duck: To be honest this was the most authentic dish. I've had it in CA, China, and now here in NY. Sliced roast duck, scallions, hoisin sauce, and thin flour wraps in a basket on the side.About 50$ per person without drinks
Often huge expectations leads to a disappointment, but not this place. The food was great, but the cocktails weren't that impressive. The ambience is very good and we loved the music! Im definitely going back, but going to order wines instead of cocktails. Paying $15 for a diluted cocktail doesn't really work for me!
Always love going here...   Food is just so yummy and it's fun to see all those Sex  in the City fans coming to this place
Years later and it's still one of my favorite places to have dinner in NYC. The ambiance is perfect, it's a beautiful layout and nice lighting. Love the food and service. It's a classy spot. Great for dates or for a celebratory dinner.
If I wanted mediocre Chinese food, I could've went to Chinatown...To start, the ambiance of the place is very romantic and intimate. Let's start with what was good... DESSERT! Went with Yelpers and got the Crying Chocolate... Delicious!!  By far, our favorite dish of the night. Seriously. Chili Rock Shrimp came in a close second. My first thought was popcorn shrimp but way better!  Got the Spiced Tofu and Cashew, Dungeoness crab sticky rice and Edamame dumplings as well. Spiced Tofu = PASS. Sticky rice wasn't all that special, barely any crab to taste. As for the dumplings, SAVE YOURSELF. When we saw it, both my friend and I narrowed our eyes at it. It was ridiculously small portioned and not to mention, a terrible food choice. We can get bigger, better dumplings elsewhere for $1 people!Utterly disappointed especially with all the hype about this place.
Before writing what I really think of Buddakan, I must say: it's a great place to take your date here, if your date is someone who likes party and who is impressed by fancy ambiance places.It's a bit weird...when I was sitting in and having dinner, I thought it was a 4 stars experience, however, as soon as I was walking out the restaurant, I thought...nah, it was a 3 stars......Like: ambiance, presentation of the food and place, beautiful people walking around, great musicDislike: simply doesn't feel there was much substance....The food was decent, we were 4 people and ordered:Starter: chili rock shrimp, tuna spring roll, edamame dumplings, boneless spare ribsMain: Charred filet of beef, cantonese sole, broken chili chicken, chinese sausage riceThe food was pretty good, but it was not mind blowing, I guess I was a bit disappointed when I was about to leave and to see there were still lots of people waiting for a table was that I was only paying for the ambiance and for being at a trendy place. I guess I am at an age that I prefer to go somewhere that I want to pay for the quality of food and actual good services.....Oh gosh, I think I am getting old......
Amazing experience! beautiful architecture and perfect food.  highly recommended!
Trendy restaurants usually fall short on the quality of food -- but this was great overall. This is a great place for a celebration or birthday.
As I'm battling a bad MSG headache, I am blaming myself for ignoring all the signs, giving in, and finally trying this place. On a special occasion, out of all nights! Spice Market, sweet, beautiful Spice Market, please forgive us for cheating on you. Buddakan managed to score low on every front, from bad waiter to terrible food, to nasty wine. 1. Hostess can't find our reservation. I'm telling her that I was called the day before to confirm, still nothing. Then she tries my first name and lectures  me on importance of giving last name when reserving a table. I was never asked for my last name when resrving the table. 2.  We tell the waiter that we're trying to be gluten-free and ask if the noodle dishes on the menu could be made with rice noodles, he tells us that no substitutions could be made. Why? If you already have rice noodles in the house? Maybe because all the dishes are  pre-made and re-heated, TGIF style? 3. Deviled Tuna Tartar has metallic taste and is simply inedible. I'm hoping that the waiter will check on us to see why we're not eating it, but he doesn't. Busboy takes away uneaten $13 bowl. Main courses arrive. Chicken dish is bunch of breaded deep fried chunks. Description was "Chinese pepper, charred scallion". Not a word about the dish being breaded and deep fried. I almost forcefully summon the waiter. His reaction? " - Oh yeah, it is breaded, I was wondering why you ordered it". I am just amazed at the amount of 5-star reviews for this place. It seems that these people were brought from New Jersey blind-folded and brought back to write their reviews. There are so many great restaurants in that area, save your money and body! Still can't shake off that MSG headache...P.S. An extra star is for the decor
Very good food!Dim lighting. Trendy.Enjoyed the evening!I would definitely recommend.
This is such a great place for date night. Love the ambiance. perfect for a night out with friends too. I am vegetarian: So this is what we ordered and what we liked!Edamame Dumplings- creamy and very delicious. Carrot Dumplings- my favorite appetizer. I like them better than the edamame ones because they have more flavor. Edamame is a little bland (cheesy creamy)Chilled Udon Noodles- they taste good but i am not a fan of chilled foodAsian Green Steer Fry- deliciousWild Mushrooms Chow Fun- pretty good.Dessert: crying chocolate- its really good.Almond Bread Pudding- I loved it! I read a review on yelp how its mindblowing though overlooked because of crying chocolate. But you must give it a try! Its absolutely phenomenal.
Beautiful interiors.The food is good however, its overpriced!
Entered with group of girls and one fell on the staircase due to spillage that was not cleaned by staff. The host quickly remarked that she shouldn't be embarrassed or worry because no one saw rather than ensuring she was ok. Manager then gave her a napkin with ice in it too help the bruising and no one checked on her or acknowledged the incident throughout and after the meal. Enter at your own risk! Careless and inconsiderate staff.
From the moment I walked in I felt a sense of magic. Everything about this place screams perfection. Kermit the manager being so gracious. Every waiter incredibly in tune to every need. Food was amazing. I can't wait to go back
We were there for dinner and had made a reservation. For starters we ate dumplings (I've forgotten which one), which very good. For main course we ate lobster rice, which was good. We also chose the lamb and fried crab shell. I've nerver eaten a lamb tasting so delicious as this one. The crab shell was good but we found it very difficult to eat them. As dessert we ate tripple chocholate-something which was so good. The decor was absolutely amazing. The service was very enthusiastic.
From being walked to our table down into the humongous dining area to hurrying our meal so that my clients could make their flights, Buddakan was an incredible experience I hope to replicate sooner rather than later. We did the tasting menu as we were told it would feed 7 people easily. The waiter also let us know if we needed them to make any accomodations for allergies, vegetarians, etc. -  a rarity in places like this. There was more than enough food to go around - the edamame dumplings are not to be missed. I don't even eat fish, and the sea bass was so good - my clients told me it was the most amazing fish they had ever had. Our Paris client was so impressed - "best dinner I've had in New York thus far". And if you doubt that review - trust me - these people are well-traveled, people!
Great place for dinner. Food is great, cocktails are yummy, and atmosphere is fun too. A little touristy though. The edamame dumplings are particularly awesome :) The service is attentive without being overbearing like it sometime is in restaurants where they want to turn over tables quickly.
So long ago... I remember it was good but don't remember the details :)
I loved it! Great place! We had the edamame dumplings, lobster and crab shi Mai, shrimp dumplings, Seabass rolls, Sticky rice and my husband had his own lamb chops (all plates are small and shared). Wow. Best dumplings ever. The edamame dumplings taste and feel like puréed edamame. Definitely a must try! Seating is a bit uncomfortable but it's worth coming.
I love this place!! The atmosphere is very fun and modern and the interior design, decorations are very cool! Too be honest, I didn't have my hopes up on the food... I never really liked any Asian fusion food, but the food they have there is amazing!! We had a duck fried rice, a king crab soup and two cocktails, and they were all delicious. I would definitely go back again, and no wonder they have much better reviews than Hakkasan and TAO. oh, but one thing, I don't think the service there is very good at all. The girl who served us really didn't come by much and every time she did she didn't really care what we said and just walked by very quickly ....
One of the best restaurants I have ever been to. The ambiance is impeccable and the waiter staff is great. Looking forward to coming back here again.
I went here with a few of my friends for my birthday the food was delicious we had almost every thing in the menu and I got to taste each dish and the service was very nice.
I came here to celebrate my birthday with friends, and was seated next to the big dinning room table, which was the perfect place to look upon the restaurant.I ordered the szechwan dumplings, however I was quite disappointed by them - in all honestly I'd much prefer the soup dumplings from Shanghai Joe's in chinatown, as these were very underwhelming and there was way too much spring onion sprinkled on them. For my entree i had the sizzling short rib which was great! Now this I would come back for. Very delicious! My guests were impressed by the ambiance and decor of the restaurant. Good service and a nice place for a special occasion.
My fav in NYC! Great cocktails, phenomenal food  amazing atmosphere!!! Loved this place!!!
Absolutely LOVE this place!! Having moved here 8 months ago and trying out SO many amazing places in New York, this is one place I have been to more than 3 times, and it's not in my neighborhood!The food, the service, the price range, the atmosphere, the crowd, the decor/setting.. everything is just perfect! I take all my visitors to Buddakan because I know it never dissapoints!
great place for a night out. Excellent ambiance, amazing food and overall a good place for groups or a date.
I love fusion food and Buddakan has amazing food. I tried Buddakan in Atlantic city and in NY. Atlantic city has a huge Buddha Statue that looks amazing, wish NY location had it.
Beautiful place, beautiful people, Host and waitress were very attentive.  I had the Duck fried rice, Dungeness fried rice, Tuna Tartare spring rolls, Pork buns which were all delicious.
Buddakan reminds me so much of the Buddha Bar back in the day. Always busy, amazing and grand decor, and the food is terrific! The rock shrimp are to die for... If you look at the pictures and like a room more than the other, make sure to let them know!
If I am on death row and get one final meal...this is where I go. Enough said.
I came here several years ago and it's one of  my favorite restaurants I've been to. I went here 5 years ago for my 5 yr anniversary dinner with my boyfriend. He of course didn't make reservation ahead time, so we weren't seated in the actual dining area. There's a section in front to accommodate those without reservation and of course a long wait. I don't remember what we ordered but both our dishes Were delicious! It was pricey but delish. I would return.
5 star atmosphere, 4 stars for food, 5 starts for dessert...  innovative dishes, beautifully presented. edemame dumplings and mushroom with short ribs are the best. Tuna Tatar is fresh but the taste is a little odd, reminds me of deviled eggs all the time. The skins of Juicy dumplings are a little thick and tough. crying chocolate and pumpkin Doughnuts are both delicious.
Top notch food, service, and ambiance. I would probably eat dinner in the bar next time as I appreciated the dim lighting and the downtempo house music. No complaints about the dining room, though. The several appetizers we had were all delicious. I had the Glazed Black Cod for dinner - perfectly cooked. I have to say the dessert was the highlight for me: the Crying Chocolate and the Almond Bread Pudding. I'm fantasizing about both desserts now.
I came here for a business dinner so the report might be a bit biased as we received special service. Regardless, I had a great time!1) Great service from servers who actually talk to you and have fun doing so2) My favorite dishes from our shared meal included:Broken chili chickenedamame dumplings (the filling is smooth and creamy)sizzling short rib (the meat falls off the bone)glazed alaskan black cod (the fish just about melts in your mouth)I would love to come back
People who know me know that I'm not a big fan of Asian Fusion.  I mean, I'm a by-product of Asian fusion, so why do I need more?  But, there are exceptions.  When out-of-towners want the NYC dining experience, Buddakan is on my list.   The ambiance is enough for me to give this place 4 stars. Downstairs is where it's at: intimate, long dining tables, chandelier hanging down, and candles burning with wicker melting.  If I had a little more drinks, I could have sworn that the dishes and plates would start singing and dancing, "be out guest" style.  Truly an NYC dining experience.For an Asian fusion dining experience, the food is actually not bad at all!  (the price however may get some looks, especially if you can get there cheaper in chinatown).  But, if you want to impress, you gotta pay the dough.I think one one of their signature dishes is their edamame dumpling.  The filling is so rich and creamy (I believe it's mixed with mashed potato as well).  Def. a must get appetizer.Their black cod is also done exceptionally well- cooked perfectly.But don't come here for the food (unless its edamame dumplings).  Come here to soak in the ambiance and impress your guests.
As portraited in Sex and the City, this place is incrediably beautiful. It's super dim and super grand inside. As much as I admire the presentation of the food, I could barely see the real color of the food. The place looks very romantic, but it's unbelievably loud for a date. My friends and I had to yell across the table to hear each other. The food is just okay. Everything was pretty salty. I highly recommend the pork buns. It's also salty and flavorful, but it tasted great with the buns that comes with it. The green bean stirfy is also yummy. I am not a fan of lamb but I must say, I was able to eat one rack of lamb myself. It's not gamey at all. The lobster fried rice was a bit overhyped. There are chunks of lobsters in it but it lacked the lobster flavor. I think it's a nice place for girls' night out or just a fun hang out.
The ambiance was great and the service was friendly, it was crowded per the usual but what else would you expect at a place like this! I would highly recommend and I plan on coming back as soon as possible!
Excellent food and service. We sat in the far back room and they were able to seat us including our extra person. We were a little late to our reservation so we ended up drinking in the bar for 30 minutes. A hostess was able to locate us in the crowded bar and bring us to our table. The inside of the restaurant is spectacular especially at night. The food was good and the wine and champagne prices were reasonable. I especially liked the pork fat, dumplings, and tuna tar tar.
This is the best Asain food on the island. It is very expensive and everything comes in tiny portions. Dinner for the two of us was $240. I ordered the edamame dumplings, Lobster egg rolls, Lobster Fried Rice, Black Pepper Beef, King Crab Hot Pot, everything was delicious except for the crab hot pot, it was way over spiced and lacking crab meat, but besides that one item all the food was delicious! My server (who's name was ben) was great, everything was served promptly, as soon as i finished something they removed the empty dish or glass and replaced it with a new drink or new plate.
This place is epic... The service was good, however they can take it down a notch.Our server were on our neck most of the time.I personally hate when servers ask me "how is everything?" while my mouth is full...
If you want to make you want to spend a romantic evening with your wife then this is a great place to go.  If you want good food and good service and good prices then you may want to look elsewhere.  Although if you can't get reservations anywhere else, chances are you can get them here. I took my wife here on a weekend trip to NYC.  She has yet to see a real, live celebrity so being in a place where Sex and the City was filmed was so cool for her.  We had to take a few awkward photos which I'm not a fan of. I do admit that the ambiance here is really cool though.As for the food, maybe we just ordered wrong but there was nothing that was stand out, knock your socks off delicious. We ordered the raved about edamame dumplings and I did not think they were good at all (I must be a weirdo). We also had the lobster fried rice and again it wasn't anything to write home about. The crying lava cake redeemed Buddakan in the end, the presentation super cool.  So my recommendation, would be to come here for desert, and the ambience.
Such a fun restaurant! Beautiful decor, perfectly loud music and tasty cocktails. Oh yeah...and the food is good too! We had dinner here and we ordered a bunch of different things so that we could sample a bit of everything. There are many interesting concoctions here. Very unique dishes. I can't remember what I loved but it came in a steaming clay pot.
I am not a big fan of Asian-fusion cuisine but I have to say that my experience at buddakan was just amazing, unforgettable and memorable.Beautiful decor, beautiful ambience... Atmosphere is so romantic!The food was just perfect. Everything we got was awesome - the black code was very tasty and special.Also, I had the best deserve of my whole life. YUMMY! But, sorry, I just can't remember it's name. Just ask for something with cherry, chocolate and Oreo cookie. Believe me ;)
Loved Buddakan! Made a reservation online which was super easy. Highly recommend the edamame dumplings! Our waitress was great suggesting menu items and working around an allergy. Wish we were in NY longer so we could go back!
Buddakan is a really spectacular place to celebrate a special event. My roommate and I dined here last week with our boyfriends to celebrate her birthday. It was mid-week, so reservations were a breeze and we waited less than five minutes for our table. My girl and I had visited Buddakan's Atlantic City outpost, but had never dined at the Manhattan location. It's so lovely inside and the mood is perfect. We had spectacular service throughout the evening - from the hostesses, to our server, and the guys clearing our table who offered up stellar dessert recommendations. Our drinks were delicious and I love all the fun names. (I had Fate and Fever!) Boyfriend was a little dismayed to find the whiskys and scotches on the dessert menu, so just be sure to ask if that's what you'd like to start your meal with!We opted to go family style in order to try the most dishes. Birthday Girl is a pescatarian, so we tried to stick mostly to seafood.-Jade Shrimp Dumplings-Deviled Tuna Tartare-Chili Rock Shrimp-Lobster Fried Rice-Mongolian Lamb Chops-Glazed Alaskan Black Cod-Shrimp and Lobster Chow FunI mean, come on! Is your mouth watering?! Everything was delicious, but the standouts for me were the rock shrimp and cod. Just phenomenal.We ended with the Crying Chocolate (they decorated the plate with a birthday message!) and, on the recommendation of our enthusiastic bus boy, the Almond Bread Pudding. You can't go wrong with any kind of molten lava chocolate deliciousness and the pudding was soooo yummy because of some kind of magical butterscotch sauce. I didn't see the check, thanks to Birthday Girl's boyfriend (God bless him), but I imagine it was sizable. If you're young and broke like me, this won't be a regular stop for you, but you MUST visit!!!
there's a reason why carrie and big had their rehearsal dinner here and fredrik hosted a dinner party recently!  it is a beautiful space!  even the foyer area was so cute with the corridor.  while waiting for our table to be set up, we sat and had a couple cocktails in the upstairs area.  perhaps it was the strong cocktails but i had to feel my way around the area to sit down because i couldn't see 2 feet ahead of me in the dark space.  fortunately, the wait was short and i loved the large natural wood tables and chairs that added an organic touch to the more refined dining area.  for the meal, we were seated at the table right at the landing of the beautiful staircase and what a view!  reminicent of the old world glamour, it was the perfect setting for our GNO dinner!  the food was solid in flavor and presentation but nothing that was blow-my-mind-amazing.  our main objective was to enjoy the ambiance and that they delivered flawlessly.
I'd been here before for a work event so I knew the food and space was already fantastic. This was my first time here for dinner. The food was outstanding, as expected and the service was great.  Highly reccommend the crispy shrimp. Also keep im mind the plates are supposed to be shared.
I love this fancy place they have realky good food and good wine it's perfect for a date and the place is amazing :))
I liked the food at this place, but the service was just okay. The restaurant is very busy, so it takes the waiters a long time to refresh drinks and get the entrees out. The atmosphere is fun, though, and a great place to visit if you are in New York.
Buddakan SO SEXY! this dim-lit restaurant makes you feel like you are walking into a club. great ambiance and decor. Drinksthe charm - the best part were the blueberries and raspberry at the bottom!the dream - probably the best drink here! it was refreshing  i barely tasted any alcohol ~Foodchili rock shrimp- **5/5** slightly spicy but crunchy delicious yummmmlobster fried rice- ** 5/5 ** probably the best fried rice i ever had. when my boyfriend went to the bathroom, i sneakily took some of his lobster. heheheoverall experience was fantastic. definitely coming back!!
I was at Buddakan for a birthday celebration.  The building is very nondescript from the outside, but once inside it's BEAUTIFUL!!!! Nice romantic lighting, plenty of private seating, and perfect for larger parties.  I tried the Black Pepper Beef, the Salt and Pepper Black Bass, and the Lobster Fried Rice. Beef was perfectly cooked and the flavor was excellent.  The bass was flaky and came with this delicious pickled relish - sooo good.  The lobster fried rice was salty. Still tasty, but would have been so much better if it wasn't so salty.Service was pretty great.  The waiters are very attentive and kind.I will definitely be back!
Pork belly was sooo tender and the chili rock shrimp was deliciously crunchy.  I would say these two are must haves.  The Lobster and shrimp dumpling was good too in terms of appetizers, but the entrees we tried were not particularly notable.  The Singapore crab was well flavored, and seemed extremely fresh, the lobster fried rice was a bit dry, and the duck and wonton soup was decent.  Drinks aren't really worth it in my opinion.  Dessert was really unique and two of my favorites were the Date cake with barley ice cream (oh.my.god.soooo yummy) and almond bread pudding with whiskey ice cream (a bit too sweet and heavy for me though).  The place is really dark, but looks very mysterious in a classy way.  Be prepared to spend $$ though...this place was definitely pricey.Oh and the server was really nice as we had 5 people and she made sure our appetizers were served so each person got a taste of everything (as portions are usually made for 4).
Visually great, service was pretty good ...but I can't actually eat any of those things now can I? -___-The flooring was a deathtrap with my heels, I feel lucky I didn't fall on my face. This place's hype is way out in outer space. Nothing tasted authentic and definitely not family style - it was all 1 person serving sizes...a teeny, tiny person, like whatever is smaller than an Asian.
What an experience! From the beautiful ambience to the great service that we got from Jack! The food was excellent and the true highlight was the duck. Not a huge duck fan but upon review after review, I had to try and so glad I did. It was worth every penny! Save room for dessert because the Almond bread pudding ended the night perfectly!  Kudos!
Very disappointed at our experience here. Every dish was one tone and overdone. Felt that the chefs do not even try to make the flavors pop. For the price they charge and the decor, it was just not matched.
A fancy New York place where you can take people to impress them.  If you get food and drinks for two it will go over $100 for sure.  The usual cocktails containing ingredients with fancy names.  Various dishes with elaborate names but relatively simple ingredients really.  Lots of salty, sugary and oily sauces.Nice venue though.  Grandiose and labrynthine.I would go again but I could get by with much less.
It is how refined Chinese food should be, not too many place you can WOW people with Chinese food these days.  And by WOW-ing im not talking about the food.  Its the atmosphere.  It def has better food than Tao or Buddah Bar.
Some of the best food I've ever tasted in a beautiful and unique environment. Try the fried prawns are amazing as was the lamb chops. It wasn't perfect though, I must say I've experienced better service elsewhere, there was no feeling, order taken and the food and drinks arrived. In this sort of place I felt it could have been a little more personal and a little more attention given. Upstairs in the bar the cocktails lacked artistic flair, too basic for the price. Despite this, the place and the food was magical and won us over. Overall a beautiful evening and one we'll remember for a long time.
Spectacular NYC Dinner #2, Buddakan. In town from LA, we took the Circle Line Ferry Tour and met a sweet older couple who suggested this place to us.Try a Dream Cocktail if you like rum and watermelon, it's not too sweet but just right. For food they suggest each person order an entree and 1-2 sides plus starters. We decided to order in waves instead which does take longer to get your food, but resulted in the right amount of food without spending as much money as they would suggest.The Edamame Dim Sum is one of Buddakan's specialties so be sure you try it. We also had the General Tso Dim Sum (chicken) which is excellent, and the Crab  Lobster Dim Sum. All small portions but very good.Next we ordered the Kung Pao Monkfish and Chinese Sausage fried rice. We would have continued ordering but by this point we were full. I really enjoy monkfish, but I wish this one would have been less fried. The fried rice came with an over easy egg on top which finished to a scramble from the heat of the dish. Very cool. The rice itself was a sort of purple jasmine type. Very large quantity.5 Star Service minus our water glasses not being refilled too well towards the end of the meal. Also a really beautiful atmosphere.
Buddakan is hugeBut reservations are hardDid not disappoint Ordered quite a feastFried dumplings earned an encore Props for the tsing taoWimpy wagyu steak Amazing sausage fried rice Sizzling chicken too
Had a great meal here with my wife for our anniversary. We went with the whole peking duck, which fed us both but could probably feed 4 people. I would love to go back here with a group of friends and share a bunch of meals. Everything looked delicious. Service was good too.
Pricey as hell, but amazing food, amazing atmosphere. The options to choose premade courses instead of a la carte is a great time saver as well!
Went here on a Friday night and got dinner reservations 4 weeks in advance and had to settle for 9:45P as the earliest available. When we go there, the place was packed and of course we had to wait another 30 minutes to be seated. Definitely worth the wait though. We tried a lot of the smaller plates and everything we had was phenomenal. I have to say that my favorite was the Tuna Tartare Spring Roll - I would go back just for that! We split a bottle of wine and probably got about 6 small plates and the bill was not as out of control as I thought it might be. Our waitress was also really nice and super helpful with our ordering. I would definitely go back if I could get an earlier res!
Delicious all the way. Came here for my anniversary and enjoyed every bite. Ribs appetizer was tender, juicy and paired with a mild mustard sauce. Raw yellowtail appetizer was fresh and tasty. Prawn noodles were savory and rich. Lemon veggie rice was so amazing :-)
Great ambiance! Great decor! Good music! Always a pleasure dining with my groups of friends! The servers are very accomodating!
I have given hakkasan a generous 3 stars, yet i was intending to given buddakan something less than 5. Now i am torn.Anyway, buddakan is an amazing place. I don't like chinese -i really don't like it, i would never even think of going to some schechuan place etc.- but this place is really good. here are my reasons.First you can not find fault to the ambiance. Granted, it is not very chinese or traditional. It looks like a hip night club and the building which has the exact shape of a rectangular prism is very interesting and just invites you in.SATC had the audacity to film some scenes here, which i like as a series -because it was the 90s and they had samantha- but there are too many people -aka. tourists- who just get wind of this place after they have seen SATC somehow. It is just plain wrong. Buddakan is now my favorite chinese in all new york.What you should have here? Dim sums are good and there are many options, which is confusing. There is a combination plate of appetizers in which you have short ribs, spring rolls and other delicious stuff which i do recommend. Chicken here is amazing, you should try some. Also their fried rice -that can be with shrimp or veggies it really does not matter- delicious. Another beauty is the vegetable thing. The fried vegetable plate was good.Dessert. Have chocolat ganache cake with ice cream or mousse au chocolat or my fave chocolat fondant (which they have written wrong but i will let that slip, if it was daniel or le bernardin, i would definitely mock this to death.) Anyway, these are amazing but other stuff can be too.Tea and cocktails also do stand out -unfortunately not wine, but this is not an italian place so i will let that slip as well-It is reasonably crowded but not so much as you would feel suffocated, there is plenty of room. including a whole big lounge room and the big dining table downstairs.Staff is attentive and friendly and courteous.So, i was actually feeling stingy today and would have given 4 stars but it would be unfair. 5 stars well deserved.
Atmosphere is lovely and the waiters are great. The food tastes amazing, overall a great place to enjoy time with others, but comes with a nice price tag. Well worth it in my eyes.
Made a reservation for 5:45pm but realized that we would be running a little late so I called in to ask if they could push the reservation to 6:15pm. They said that if I were to change my reservation it would be changed to 10:15pm. What the heck? Most of the tables were empty when we arrived anyway so I don't understand why they couldn't push our reservation later by half an hour. Other than this annoying fact the food was very good albeit a little too salty.Appetizers:Edamame Dumplings - One of their signature dishes and I can see why. The filling is very creamy and most suitable for my palate as it wasn't too salty. Chili Rock Shrimp - Another signature dish. Although it was very good (I love spicy food and I love seafood) it was a touch too salty.Entrees:Charred Filet of Beef - Signature dish again. Absolutely tender filet mignon with a garlic sauce that was not overpowering.Glazed Alaskan Black Cod - Another signature dish. Very soft flaky and the fish itself is naturally sweet so it was very delicious.Shacha Chicken -  Most of the chicken was tender although some pieces were a bit dry. I liked the bbq sauce that was underneath it though.Cauliflower Stir Fry - Mainly ordered this because I wanted a vegetable dish. Wasn't my favorite but it wasn't bad.Sides:Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice - Nothing too special as I've had this at real chinese restaurants and they make it better but it wasn't bad at all.Wild Mushroom Chow Fun - Ordered this because the five of us were still hungry after eating all the other food. It was piping hot when it came out which is exactly the way I like my hot food. Again it was a touch too salty but it might not be so for others.Desserts: Almond Bread Pudding w/ Whiskey ice cream - Very sweet, decadent, and delicious.Crying Chocolate w/ Jasmine Tea ice cream - My cousin got this so I didn't taste the chocolate cake but was told it was like a chocolate lava cake. I wish I could buy the Jasmine Tea ice cream separately because I love tea and this was so yummy.Vanilla Rhubarb Shortcake - Don't know how to feel about this because it was basically a twinkie covered in sauce and a small shortcake. It was okay but definitely not worth $10.
In ranking of amazingness (because we still need to rank food amongst the amazing food)1. Appetizers ala dim sum  2. Dessert 3. EntreeI am Asian through and through and I must say that the Edamame Dumplings are superb. True to all the other reviews on yelp, it is definitely possible to die and go to heaven after savoring several pieces of the dumplings (5 pieces for $12).Then there was the Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly in pancake style and if you are a fan of Ippudo's or Momofoku's Buns - this is definitely an order for you! Trust me when I say it was good. Even my Irish freind that hates pork snatched for the last 2 pieces! (also 5 pieces for $12)You will also see from my photos that I had the order of  Broken Chilli Chicken ($22) and Black Pepper Beef ($26). To both these dishes, the sauce was delicious and unique with it's own taste. Then came dessert. Between the bread pudding, doughnuts and crying chocolate which we had, bread pudding hands down is triumphs it all! Cocktails were great and our waitress was prompt to make sure we had a never ending supply of great drinks! Overall, great service, once again great ambience and certainly a wonderful dinner spot for parties of 2 to parties of 10. Our neighboring group were women from the Housewives of New York City Club and everyone looked like they were having an enjoyable time. I, to say the least enjoyed my company and dinner outing here!
Beautiful, gorgeous restaurant. You can tell that every room had been thoroughly thought out for the most impressive first impressions. Everywhere I turned it was like a new experience. Foodwise, everything we ordered was delicious except for one (which was recommended by the waiter, oddly enough): the edamame dumpling. Way, way too pasty and thick. It was just not a pleasant texture- imagine wet cottonballs in your mouth. And I wasn't too impressed with their sake cocktail- very watered down tasting. But the rest of the food items we ordered were plate-licking worthy. I wish I had the budget and stomach to taste everything on the menu. Definitely will not be a cheap date if you pick this place. But it's worth to experience at least once.
Came here for dinner for my birthday and I can't overstate how enjoyable the experience was. The food was simply amazing and what made the evening even more memorable was the service. Our server, Jack, recommended the perfect dishes and went out of his way to ensure our dinner was great. Such fantastic service truly makes the experience that much more special. Food is UNREAL, will definitely be back soon.
Amazing night with amazing service. Would definitely recommend. Best filet mignon I've had in the state of New Jersey.
Been here a few times and the last time I was just underwhelmed.Yes, the restaurant is gorgeous and the drinks are delicious, but I feel the food and service has gone downhill, or at least when I was there last it did not live up to expectations. First, it took literally 20 minutes for our server to take our food order.  He kept walking right by our table but totally neglected us which was beyond weird.  When he finally came over and we ordered he seemed rushed and annoyed.  Maybe he was having a bad day, but I'm sorry this is an upscale restaurant. Please suck it up. The food took a while to come out and once it arrived it was not hot and didn't blow me away.  Another fail.  We didn't complain since we were starved.  The waiter did not check up on us at all.  It's too bad because my previous experiences with this restaurant were all incredible.  A server can really make or break your experience at a restaurant and it ruined ours at Buddakan.   Buddakan, please make sure all of your servers are customer service oriented!! And maybe if the food was hot it would have tasted better.  Side note: The edamame dumplings are my favorite there.  Id go back just for that.
Great food and environment but a bit too crowded, the tables were very close to each other.
I recently went to Buddakan with a friend. The ambiance of the space was quite nice although I must say the lighting was a bit too dark for my taste. The restaurant is a play on Asian fusion, offering a handful of menu options at varied prices. The food was not so great. I ordered the Dim Sum (Edamame Dumplings) and Pork Pot Stickers. By the time the food was brought to us it was cold. On the contrary the drinks were great; I ordered a Tranquility (Absolut Citroen vodka with lemongrass-infused oolong tea). Due to the fact the restaurant is in the Chelsea Market one would think Buddakan would be a more esteemed establishment. While a very nice restaurant there are a few areas that need some polishing.
Overall enjoyed everything from start to finish, would defiantly come back. Was told everything was "family size" but if your a person who can eat, I would suggest ordering 2-3 appetizers, since they were somewhat small.  Appetizers, The general tso's dumplings were amazing, the scallion pancakes combined with the sauce that came with the lobster egg rolls(which were great) was a delight. The boneless spare ribs were tender and tasty. Main course, The Char Siu Roast Pork, was tender and full of flavor went great with the moo shu panckes(kind of like a taco) favorite main course. The Black Pepper Beef was tender, with great pepper flavor, great tasting steak. Dessert:Almond Bread pudding, was amazing, every bite was heaven, the warm feeling matched with the bananas and vanilla ice cream, wish I had some right now, definitely worth getting.
Definitely for the experience. The food was good and all, but for the price I could probably get it somewhere else for much cheaper and more delicious. However, I was here for a friend's birthday and we ordered the cold udon noodles with peanut sauce and cucumbers, the pork fried rice with egg, and some kind of spicy lo mein. We also had 3 drinks and the bill came out to be about $65. I know, we should've gotten something more glamorous, but our reservation was at 10 pm and by then we weren't that hungry anymore. The decor was nice and the wait staff very patient. We asked to be moved from the kitchen door seat and were moved with no problem no fuss no attitude at all. Overall the experience was fun. Good for expensive dates. The lighting is perfect for that.
A little pricey if you're on a tight budget, but definitely worth it if you been saving up for a nice night out! The atmosphere is so cool; dim lighting, high ceilings, modern architecture. I took my husband here for his birthday (asian food is his favorite) and he can't stop talking about it to this day. The Pork Potstickers and General Tso's Dumplings (my mouth is watering already...take me back!) were to die for!
Big. Brash. Party. The food is good. It's not fine dining, but you'll shovel it down. The waitstaff is beyond professional. They pump you in and out, always upsell you on the wine and make sure your glass is never low. I have no complaints, you know what you are getting into here. It's big, kind of expensive and fun.
Don't bother booking a table because the ambiance  in the bar is much more personal. I always walk in and prey upon a table instead of making a reservation. Their appetizers are super bomb especially those spicy dumplings. Staff is always super nice and did I say this was featured in sex and the city?
Yes, yes, oh God, YES!!!I think that pretty much sums up my review, but for those of you who require something more thorough, here it is:Buddakan is a GORGEOUS restaurant!  If you want to impress out-of-towners and give them the glamorous "big city experience", I suggest you take them here for dinner.  As another reviewer said, it's sophisticated and upscale.  Primetime reservations get taken very quickly, so make them at least 2-3 weeks in advance.  FYI: There is a 15-minute grace period from the time of your reservation, in case you are running late.  Also, I appreciated the fact that there's a little lobby between the outside door and inner door before you hit the lounge, so you can wait for your friends to arrive kind of in private (as opposed to waiting on the street like a hooker).  Edamame Dumplings: We ordered this after reading all the rave reviews here. It wasn't something I would have initially ordered based on the name alone, but we tried it out - SO good!  Thanks Yelp!  They tasted like creamy mashed potatoes with a rich, savory flavor - I think I tasted chicken broth?  (Sorry I can't do better than that - you're just going to have to try them for yourself.  You'll thank me later.)Szechuan Pork Dumplings: Also tasty, but I'd order something different next time.  They're not out of this world and you can find it elsewhere.Mushroom Chow Fun Noodles: YUM! As someone who rarely eats Chinese food, these reminded me of what I've been missing out on.  Crying Chocolate: Had I not been sitting in a room full of people, I would have taken that plate and licked every single drop off of it.  The chocolate lava cake was a nice warm juxtaposition to the chocolate ice cream, which sat atop coffee/chocolate cookie crumbs - all tied together by a caramel sauce.  Chocolate perfection.Overall, the presentation of food on each plate was beautiful.  Our server was so kind, attentive, and unobtrusive (and also a dead ringer for Matthew Morrison from Glee.  Why, hello there!!! ;) )  The servers and busboys moved like ninjas - they were there exactly when you needed them and not a second more. Does this place do takeout???  Because I really want more edamame dumplings  dessert right now...P.S.  Seating is all downstairs on the basement level, so you probably won't have any cell phone service.
Great atmosphere, great food, good drinks.Service is pretty good too.My favorite dishes are edamame dumplings and the filet.
Beautiful ambiance and superb service. The staff is very attentive. This a great place to take someone you want to #impress, or a #date. The lobster friend rice was delicious. I ordered the pepper sea bass and didn't realize it was fried. Tasted good, but steamed would've been so much better. Next time I would try something different. I suggest asking questions about your order before you place it. My drink and dessert were good, too. Yes, we indulged that night.
Food was decent. Not worth the prices in my opinion. The ambiance is really nice though.
Beverly who managed reservations is a goddess!! I'd accidentally booked the wrong night for a reservation - wanted 10:15 on Saturday night NOT Sunday night (my bad!). Beverly managed to find us a spot on a very busy night! We had a wonderful meal; great atmosphere, exceptional service...etc.! Highly recommend! And thanks again Beverly!
Really really good! I was really impressed with the quality of the good. The place is massive and has beautiful decor but the food and service even better. We came with a large grip and considered the tasting menu but opted for the more diverse menu options. The cod was my favorite dish as well as the tuna tartar spring rolls and dumplings.
We met friends for dinner at Buddakan and all of us really enjoyed the food and the ambience.  The music a little loud, which is kind of annoying when you are trying to have a conversation - which I would think most people want to do at dinner.  I don't know why restaurants do not understand this.We split about 8 dishes total - 4 apps and 3 entrees plus a dessert.  The portions are not very big, but they were sufficient.  My favorites were the shrimp and lobster chow fun, the crab sticky rice and the dumplings.  The lobster egg rolls  were ok - you can't really taste the lobster though.  The chili rock shrimp were very good - nice and spicy.  We had the crying chocolate for dessert - pretty yummy but standard chocolate lava cake.Overall I would go back, but next time definitely want to sit in the main dining room.
Overpriced and not worth it.We ordered the lobster friend rice, tasted like dry sand. We ordered steak and a whole lobster , they were average, nothing outstanding.They definitely need to up their game in the kitchen! !!!
Great ambience with friends to share an array of dishes and dumplings! Everything was delicious!
Went here to celebrate an anniversary 6-7 months ago and I loved it. Everything about this place is gorgeous. Every single thing we ordered was amazing. People say this is an expensive spot. But idk, either I am richer than most or they are cheap. This place is NOT expensive and I ordered the most expensive thing on the menu. When my dessert came it had a candle and said "happy anniversary" on it. :) that added a nice touch. I would go back in a heartbeat.
sultry and chic without being overly priced, obnoxious or pretentious. Amazing service from the moment we walk in,the lovely hostess (gorgeous African-American girl!) promptly take us to our table, noticing how big and tall my husband was (6'5 220lbs) she proceed to make sure we were comfortably seated (something extremely rare to find in NYC restaurants where they stuff everyone into the corner table for four people and they seat ten! Carolina was our perfect server, pointing out favorites and vegetarian choices. Food was impeccable and portion sizes were delicious (specially the Pistachio chocolate cremoso!) drink were good but they could always improve a little bit...THANK YOU!
Besides hearing that Buddakan was in Sex and the City, it has been on my list of to-go places also. My old company had invited me to their holiday party and to my surprise they chose Buddakan. I couldn't pass up this chance at all.The food was absolutely amazing, from appetizers to entree to dessert, everything was pretty much spot on. My favorites were among the regular spring rolls, tuna tartare spring roll, beef lettuce cup, rock shrimp and gyoza. I also had their infamous edamame dumpling, which didn't please me at all. It felt really mushy and flavorless, but it does look pretty.For entrees, it was buffet style with sesame cold udon, fried rice (amazing), lemon chicken (extremely tender and well seasoned), pan-seared scallops (favorite of the night), lamb chops, filet mignon (the sauce was impeccable). Everything tasted excellent and the service was superb. Buddakan is a great place for events, whether it's a small group or a large corporate company. Suggest this spot and you won't be disappointed with their food.
Go here and enjoy the beauty of the restaurant. The main dining room is gorgeous  and overall ambiance and style of the restaurant is amazing. It is always packed so make sure to make a reservation or come ready to wait. Everyone at Buddakan is nice and the wait staff was helpful in ordering. The food had some mixed reviews-- we started with the pork belly dim sum - which was delicious. We were not as impressed with the lobster fried rice - tons of lobster but lacking in flavor. We had the lamb dan dan noodles which were okay. We did enjoy the crap hot pot- it had a very good flavor. Overall a great place to enjoy an evening and it really does feel very NYC - so good to bring guests from out of town.
Very fancy place, good food,  I wish they could give a little bit bigger portions since the food is expensive there.
Buddakan! I heard so many people talking about this place and ranting and raving about it, saying the food is superb, it was on an episode of sex and the city etc. So i had to check it out to see if this place could live up to the hype and it surpassed my expectations. Made an easy reservation via open table and they called i think a day or 2 before to confirm the reservation. This review is for my most recent trip as i have been here a few times since the hype started a few years back. IF YOU REALLY WANT THE BUDDAKAN EXPERIENCE TELL THEM YOU WANT TO BE SEATED IN THE GRAND DINING ROOM, look at some pictures via yelp or google and you will see what i am talking about the decor and set up is truly a thing of beauty to marvel over and is spectacular. I suggest getting a side private table for you and your entourage. Staff and waitresses are very helpful and accommodating, i would say the only thing they should maybe do away with are the guys who looks like they are in "The Matrix" walking around with headsets constantly checking if you are done eating so they can get a quick turnaround and get other guests seated once you are done. I REALLY DON'T LIKE BEING HOVERED OR LURKED NEAR. To the food/drinks i started out with the Tranquility Cocktail which has citrus vodka, lemongrass-infused oolong tea. SOOOOO GOOD probably could have drank about 4-5 of these if i really wanted to. Started off with the General Tsao Dumplings which explode in your mouth (insert joke here) once you bite into them and it's like heaven. I believe there was only 6 of them personally i think you should buy two because 6 is not enough. Tea smoked Sesame Beef which i wasn't really interested in but since my friend told me to try it i did and it was really really good. The Dragon  Phoenix Rolls (roast duck, king crab, herb salad, sweet chili dipping sauce) were only ok to me, pretty underwhelming and overrated but i guess i could see how some people may like it. The lobster fried rice which we were given a ton of was also a big hit. But the dish that stole the show for me was the Kung Pow Monkfish, i mean absolutely superb and i could have it over over and over again.  We finished off the meal with Bittersweet Chocolate Mousse Pave dessert with chinese cinnamon-hazelnut cream, caramel popcorn sherbet) This definitely competes with the Almond Bread Pudding and Crying Chocolate for the best dessert at this restaurant. You wouldn't think all of these components go together but they do and it's the perfect way to finish a meal and it's a foodgasm and a 1/2!!!I would probably go back just for the desserts and drinks. Amazing Amazing nothing but amazing Buddakan!!
I have been wanting to go here for a while and finally was able to get a reservation for a party of 4 on a Saturday night.  Unfortunately they only had a 6:15 reservation which really sucks, there were a bunch of empty tables so not sure why we couldn't go later.  The atmosphere is AWESOME definitely go with a large party.  Anyway we started with tuna tartar spring rolls which were amazing, calamari salad - average i guess it was not a good choice for something unique, and the chili rock shrimp which were SO tasty .  For our mains we got the red snapper - not good, black cod - THE BEST dish of the night, kung pao monk fish - Great and so much flavor, and the scallops - also very good.  For our sides we ordered the lobster fried rice which sounded good.. but it was not, it was not flavorful at all. We also ordered some veggie dish which never came. Overall I will be back, I definitely want to try more things on the menu !!!  It did not make it to 5 stars because of the few dishes that were just ok and the waiter forgetting a dish but def worth checking out.
The ambiance is very nice, dim light/very dark. The food was good, we came here to celebrate a friend 30th b-day. We had the rock shrimp, which was luke warm with an average taste, Basically fried batter shrimp with an mild spicy red creamy sauce. I was yet to taste Rock shrimp that is to die for. We also had the calamari salad which was pretty tasty, so  tasty that we ordered a second round. The lobster fried rice was OK and so was the cod fish. The drinks were very delicious. Our waitress was nice, accommodating and very informative and informed us of what she taught tasted good and what was mediocre. I read all of the negative comment but honestly is place bet a lot of other places, therefor it gets 4stars from me.
Great quality, but extremely over priced for the serving size. If you know what to order, you can get the same thing at authentic Chinese restaurants downtown for like 1/4 of the price.... jus' sayin.
Excellent food and knowledgeable servers who are not know it alls.
Our server, Joel, blew us away. Right off the bat, he asked our group of we were celebrating a special occasion (we were, a birthday), and he later surprised the birthday girl with a dessert and candle, without us asking. He was quick to clear our finished dishes and drinks and ask us if we'd like more. He gave great recommendations and was extremely accommodating for our friend who has a gluten allergy. If you have allergies, I recommend this place. As always, the food here was amazing and my friends liked the decor. It has a similar trendy vibe to Tao, without all the noise. They are also good about altering items on the menu.
Trendy, cool spot in the meatpacking. Highlights:-creative and tasty cocktails-great music-glazed alaskan black cod--an absolute must, it literally melts in your mouth. -great dessert too
This place is by far the prettiest most beautiful upscale restaurant I think I have been to! It is that restaurant that makes you feel so happy to go to, and its a great place to go on a special date.   My husband and I went here a few times.  One of which was our little celebration for being engaged last year.  The decor and ambiance is literally insane.  This place is humongous for a NYC restaurant, which never really happens.  Everything is just so grand! When you walk in, there is a beautiful front desk, where you are greeted, and seated almost immediately.  I feel like we were overwhelmed with the decor, but in a good way because its just that beautiful!  The decor alone is insane, I could go on about it forever.The food is just as amazing as the decor.  It is expensive, and you basically share everything, but it is so good and worth the price as well as the experience.  We had the edamame dumplings, which literally are beyond insane.  They are a must have!  Literally I see myself craving them because they were that good.  We also had the Peking duck salad, which was soooo good! Def a different type of salad but it was amazing.  We had a few other things, but that was what stuck out the most.THis place is amazing, def go for a special occasion!!
Great food.  Price should be less.  Tuna tartare was interesting...too eggy though IMO.  Cod entree was delicious...nice and buttery.  Wok noodles were so so.  Cocktails were TOO SMALL! For that price I expected a bigger glass.  Overall great service and atmosphere.  Will definitely come again to try other menu items.
Tried this place out while in town with a few friends. Really cool decor and the food was awesome! I'm all about places that encourage ordering several dishes and sharing with the table. Everything we had was delicious. The cocktails were good and service was pretty great too. My favorite thing was either the edamame dumpling things,  or the calamari salad. The lava cake and bread pudding dish was also a winner in my book.
It is a trendy Asian-fusion to take people visiting you. The food is good, but for some reason, this restaurant feels a bit touristy and commercial. Classic Stephen Starr.
Hands down the best restaurant in New York. Not only does it have one of the best ambiance settings, but the food is SPECTACULAR. I would have no problem coming here and have take out from how good the food is. Things that you MUST get:- Rock Shrimp Tempura- Calamari Salad- Black Cod- Vegetable Fried Rice- Almond Banana Bread
Was here last month and had a wonderful dining experience. We had made reservations well in advance and we still had to wait for our table. I figured it was a way to get us to order a drink at the bar.We were seated in a cozy dark corner booth in one of their downstairs areas. Having to go down a bunch of steep stairs in heels was a bit of a challenge but getting to see the long table where Carrie and Big had their rehearsal dinner was well worth it.We ordered their sampling menu which is 65.00 pp and includes several appetizers, entrees, and desserts. We were 6 and the amount of food was plenty for us. The waiter mentioned that if we liked something specific from what we sampled that he would bring out more which was an added bonus. The sample menu is a great way to try several of their signature dishes. Well worth the price.Service was great although it seemed like we had several waiters at once which was a bit strange.This is a great asian fusion restaurant in the meat packing district. So it's a perfect way to start off the night.
Love the ambiance and food is pretty decent. Great for first dates and birthday parties.
We love this place! I've only been to this restaurant twice and immediately fell in love. It is super swanky and definitely trendy. Upon first seeing it on Sex and the City (the movie), I knew I had to go. The exterior is a little deceiving (other than the door) and the sign isn't that noticeable so make sure you keep your eyes peeled when looking for it. When you enter, the interior will blow you away!! I don't even want to spoil it for people because I believe its something you should see for yourself! There are three different areas in this restaurant, with three different themes (or what seems to be). Nothing short of remarkable. The asian fusion food was amazing and was great for sharing. Everything is pretty much family style here, so remember that upon ordering   I can't even pick out one favorite dish because all of it was just that good! You definitely need reservations when coming here and the earlier the better. I'd recommend this place to any foodie and for anyone that has a love for interior design. I'd go back in a New York minute.
Food was good! Loved the pork buns! What's not to like? Amazing service, great food and love the atmosphere! Definitely will be back here!
Great experience!! Perfect ambiance!! I went here for my birthday and I loved it. The atmoshpere and the decor you pretty much can't get too much better. The service was great. I loved the drinks!! I really liked the Edamame dumplings, the lobster fried rice, and the lobster egg rolls. This place is will run you about $150.00-$200.00 for 2 people if you get drinks, appetizers, main course and a dessert but the experience is worth it.
It's easy to almost walk past the outside restaurant, until you notice the small letters "buddakan" etched into the facade of the building.  The interior is gorgeous--this was where Carrie's wedding rehearsal was held in sex  the city.  I've been probably 5-6 times (work, anniversary, birthday, family visits) and have had an amazing experience every time.  The edamame dumplings are unlike anything I've ever eaten, the black Alaskan cod is another favorite...quite honestly everything I've had has been delicious.  Go with more than 6 people and ask about their pre fixe tasting menu!  Best way to do it :)
The food was delicious and well presented. Everything was decorated beautifully and was very fancy. The only thing I didn't like was that we had so many different waiters it got a little confusing, but I would definitely go back.
One of my favorite restaurants in NYC. Sexy environment and perfect for a date night or a girl's night out.  The sampling menu is the way to go if you are hungry and want to try some great dishes.
Would have rated this higher.. The restaurant was beautiful, the food was good, however the waiter CoreyT left us with a bad taste in our mouth. The entire time he spoke to us with a smile that was so fake it was almost condescending. He was extremely insincere and very short with us. We were there to celebrate a birthday and felt uncomfortable everytime he came to the table.
Although I'm normally not a fan of Thai. Food this place is amazing especially the lobster rice and shrimp and mint spring rolls with sauce the drinks aren't good but the atmosphere is everything and suggest you go.
If you like eating while listening to House (EDM) then I am sure you will like this place.My wife and I was suggested to go here for dinner not knowing what to expect thinking it was going to be a small restaurant of some sort. Not knowing what were looking for we walked past this place 3 times at night using google map. The entrance is poorly lighten making it difficult to find the front door. We did not notice any large sign but what is printed on the door. Once inside, I was extremely surprised by how huge this place is and how well the interior design was. It really made me feel like I was going to a high end club. Their was a lot of people but the large facility made it not a problem.The food is good and there wasn't anything I ate that did not taste good. Though the portions did seem small at first but it turned out to be just the right amount. Next time I travel to Manhattan I will definitely like to visit this place again.
Buddakan truly wowed our group of 8! Here's a quick summary of my own little rating system:Food: 5/5Drinks: 5/5NY X Factor (good for tourists): 5/5Ambiance: 5/5Service: 3.5/5Value: 5/5The food was phenomenal! Everything tasted so good! Service prior to our table being seated was great, all the staff were friendly.  I ordered the tranquility cocktail and it was fantastic! I had 2 of these cocktails and one bartender made it better than the other.  As our appetiser we had 3 BO BO plates.  As we were a group of 8, choosing individual appetisers would have been a nightmare so I would recommend this to sample most of the appetisers.  Second time around, I will definitely choose individual appetisers - the boneless ribs were amazing.  Separate to the BOBO we also had edamame dumplings, this had mixed feelings on our table - you either loved them or didn't. For entree we had the following:Peking duck pancakes- 5/5Sizzling Short Ribs - 5/5Charred Fillet of Beef - 4/5Sweet and Crispy Jumbo Shrimp - 5/5Wild Mushroom Chow Fun - 4/5Now, the flaw of this place was the waiter, he was friendly and patient (especially as the ordering process on our table was painful on our part) so I will give him points for that, but sometimes it seemed like he was more concerned with his tip then really recommending the right thing for our group.  He kept on stressing and making us feel tightass that we didn't order enough.  He said we should each order 1 appetiser and 1 entree each.  Now, for a group of guys that may be the case but we were 5 small girls and 3 boys I don't think it is necessary.  Turns out - we had more than enough food.  Also, we ordered 2 drinks that he completely forgot about.  Will definitely come back again!
Simply the best. I think I've had everything on the menu. The drinks are amazing. Great ambiance.   Seating can be a little tight at times but this place is a winner. Can't go wrong.
One of my favorites in the city. Love the food. Love the atmosphere. I recommend this for special occasions. Make your reservations as early as you can. Despite the ample space, they fill up quickly.
"The restaurant where Carrie and Big did something or another.""The restaurant where that guy from Top Chef works." This place lives up to its reputation.  Our party arrived a little early for our 8:45 reservation so we waited in the bar area to be seated.  I got the Solid which is a cocktail with Bourbon and a yummy mix of orange and ginger.  My dinner mates got other drinks but I think mine was the best (one of them was too sweet for my taste and the other one tasted like Christmas).Once seated, we ordered 2 apps (Pork Belly and Edamame Dumplings) and 3 entrees (Chinese Sausage Fried Rice, Broken Chili Chicken, and Filet of Beef).  My favorites were the appetizers.  The pork belly was sweet and savory wrapped in fluffy steamed buns.  It reminded me of wedding banquets at the best Chinese restaurants in San Francisco (where they actually have good Chinese food).  The edamame dumplings were a pleasant surprise for me because I wasn't sure what to expect.  How does one make a dumpling out of legumes?  Well, you puree it with garlic and wrap it in translucent wrappers.  Surprise!  Magic in your mouth! Next to the apps, the entrees were kind of a letdown.  The fried rice was kind of dry and the egg on top was not quite as runny as I would like.  The beef was cooed well-done (not the restaurant's fault -- one diner does not eat bloody meat) but was well seasoned and came with a great sauce.  The chicken was kind of ordinary -- deep fried and plopped in what looked like a bottled sweet and spicy sauce.  Not bad but not great.  Dessert was another 3 courses.  We ordered the Crying Chocolate, Rock Sugar Doughnuts, and the waitress suggested the Almond Bread Pudding.  My favorite part was actually the jasmine ice cream that the Crying Chocolate but the rest of it was all pretty good too.  Like it says in my profile, I'm secretly not that into dessert.I gave the place 5 stars because the dining experience was great overall.  It was comfortable, lively, with memorable food and drinks.  In fact, I wish they delivered so I could order mountains of those dumplings.  Yum.Seriously.  Get the dumplings.
Good place to go for a fun night out, the decor is impressive and fun to bring out of town guests...very impressive.  The food is good, I've been there for dinners and also for apps and drinks.  I would recommend getting a bunch of apps and splitting them, plus cocktails--some are simply fab.  Overall, fun place, good food, tasty drinks.
Probably 2 1/2 for the food but 4 1/2 for the dining room. It's undeniably gorgeous with its giant Buddha and elongated dining table. Even if you don't eat here, grab a cocktail to see the space.
Buddakan has the best americanized chinese food! And i loved its atmosphere! The crab fried rice was my favorite and the pork buns were so delicious!  i would say they were as good as ippudo's buns, knowing that ippudo is famous for pork buns.
I went there for a friends birthday dinner with a group. The place was spacious and decorative.Food and service was presentable. Mainly family style course meal. Edamame dumpling was unique and worth trying. One of the best plates I had was the steak. Had a good experience!
Super sexy and cool interior with a whole gaggle of hosts/hostesses when you walk in (kind of like a hotel check-in counter). With an 8:30pm reservation, we waited in the packed lounge area, but just for a few minutes. Our server was very attentive throughout the meal and helpful with selections.Our table of 3 started with: edamame dumplings, General Tso's chicken dumplings, and Scallion pancakes. My favorite by far was the edamame dumplings--the inside was an absolutely silken puree of edamame that I will probably dream of until I find it again. The chicken dumplings had nice spice. The scallion pancakes weren't really pancakes at all--I was expecting something like a bellini, but these were tough/crisp, although the braised short rib on top was yummy.My main entrée was the black cod, which was very silky with that melt-in-your-mouth quality, but I would have actually preferred a bit of a sear on the exterior for textural contrast. I also shared the vegetable rice with coconut curry foam, which was very rich and flavorful--I would have definitely eaten more if I hadn't been so stuffed from everything else!I was too full for my own dessert, but did snag bites of each of my friends: the sorbet was just average, but the almond bread pudding with whiskey ice cream was oh-my-goodness-good. It would almost be worth another trip just to eat less before and devour an entire plate of that rich and delicious goodness.Prices are expectedly high, but not ridiculous, especially with the recommended table sharing approach.
Absolutely amazing food. Great atmosphere.  The staff is adequate I wish they were a little more attentive but honestly the food was great! A perfect date night or special occasion outing.  Not the best if you're looking for something that isn't too intimate.  Loved it!
Very nice place with pretty good food and with waitresses half shirt. I could get the same kind of food but without other two things but less money. I guess it depends what's your occasion is.
Went To Buddakan for an office party!! We came on a Thursday@5:30 and it was not many people but when we left it was full and the bar was super crowded so we realised its a famous hang out destination !Very nice food and service as expected from a top notch restaurant ..Our waitress was very chatty and very attentive !! It was my selection of the restaurant and my boss and teammbers were very impressed by the food and decor !! Also dont forget to check out Chelsea Market next door!!
This restaurant is overrated, overpriced and not worth the hype. Taste wise, I'd rather go to my neighborhood Chinese carryout. I would say people must only go for the ambiance as it is lightly dim and has a lounge like feel, similar to Tao.Had some dim sum to start. The shrimp toast is something to avoid- way too much bread and way way too much sesame seeds on top. I was excited to try the shrimp dumplings and shumai as these are my typical go-to's for dim sum, but both were not spectacular in taste. For our meal, we had the lobster fried rice, which was flavorless. Also had the both the spicy chili chicken and the roasted chicken. The spicy chicken was breaded an fried, but still dry- not what I expected. The roasted chicken was pretty juicy and came with Chinese broccoli. I hate to say it, but I suggest going to Tao across the street
Actually last time was very disappointing,Service was off..We were waiting for the table forever even though we had the reservation and we were there to celebrate our anniversary..Food was not as great as usual..I ordered black cod and it doesn't taste as fresh as usual and in general wasn't a great experience at all..
Wow ! Best duck I ever had !!!! This stuff quacks me up !!! LolOh the dessert was awesome !!!! Chocolate, coffee, cappuccino ice cream!
I made reservations for Buddakan on my birthday with a few friends because I had heard that this place was fantastic. And it was. The thing that amazed me the most was the ambiance- it has an exclusive, upscale, trendy vibe and I loved it. The food was also phenomenal! 10/10
This place is very touristy and overpriced for basic Americanized Chinese/fusion food. All the dishes honestly tasted the same as those from my neighborhood Szechuan and/or Thai place but were about double the price. I guess people go here for the environment. It is very beautiful inside. The service was good overall. So yea... go there for the "ambiance" but not the food.
I m going to brutally honest, I wasn't expecting much.Mainly because the place is SO hyped up and popular, I felt like other popular restaurants  ( many I've been too) they would rely heavily on their name.. and start slacking with everything else. Boy was I wrong!!Food - Magnificent! So yummy, pretty big portions .. no complaints!Drinks - REALLY good, so yummy and creative .. can tell they curated the list of specialty drinks really wellService- This is where I think the restaurant really shines, their service is AMAZING!Im shocked, beyond words, at how attentive, sweet and caring the staff are! Decor- I MEAN COME ONNNNN HAVE YOU SEEN THE PICS? Breath-taking!!!! Quick story-I was feeling a little sick before dinner so me and my gf didn't order right away, the waitress was sweet enough to bring hot water and a combo of seltzer and berry mixed drinks ( multiple) that she said would help my stomach cramps! ( and it did) Also the drinks weren't on the bill. ( amazing how the little things really get you )I also don't eat egg, and the fried rice came.. and I forgot to tell them I don't want egg in it.  ( I was the worst I know its MY fault) I apologized and asked to send it back.. they were SO sweet, telling me it was no problem and asking multiple times If I were okay, would I have an allergic reaction ( really caring) I didn't. Multiple people came up to ask if everything was okay and checking up... not only the amazing waitress! This place blows most out of the water .. ON SERVICE ALONE! Bravo! You guys are the real deal! Highly recommend!!!!!!!!!!!
Had dinner with my wife at Buddakan 2 weeks ago, a date away from kids on a Saturday night.  Place was packed.  We had to wait for the table for about 20minutes, so we stayed at the bar and had a glass of prosecco.  Bartender opened a fresh bottle for us, which was definitely a plus!  Beautiful decor, DJ was parked at the far corner of the bar and obviously was having a blast mixing up 90's and modern pop.  Hostess found us in this super packed place and ushered us to our table in the maid dining room downstairs.  The service was impeccable (I think all the waiters must have at least a college degree)!The steamed dumplings were to die for.  We ordered fish dishes for main course, paired with some Buddakan signature cocktails - delish!!!I was amazed about the consistency of service and quality of food.  This was by far not our first time at this restaurant, and it seems to be one of the very few places in the city that has managed to maintain its quality and withstood the test of time!  I will definitely be back!  Highly recommend it!
Another mixed review. The good: the food is surprisingly yummy, completely reasonable with largish portions. The bad: it's huge and 75% of the people there think this is a nyc " hotspot" my vote: hit the bar. It's a large lounge and they serve heavy apps.
The food is art. Beautiful to look at and flavors that paint a picture on your taste buds. We had the delicious Oxtail Dumplings and Pork Buns to start the evening. Each bite had flavors that were out of this world. For our main course we split the Black Pepper Beef. Small but packed with flavor. Then they gave you the option to add extra dimension to it with a butter sauce and a special mayo. Would order it again in a heartbeat. This is a beautiful place that has great food with nice and fast service. Recommended for sure.
Pricey but worth it.  Food was delicious - not a morsel left on any plate. Ambiance is unique -- euroChic decor with club music for Asian fusion.  Excellent for special occasions .  We'll be back!
We went there for a business dinner; I know this restaurant from Philly, where Steven Starr owns a dozen of different restaurants. This one is a new opening in NYC and similar to Philly. Start off at the fancy bar with some drinks, then the waitress will lead you down to the dinning area with chandeliers. We are primarily appetizers (duck salad, tuna sashimi, fried shrimp, grilled tenderloin, lobster fried rice and dumplings) all delicious. Will be back either to this or the one in Philly.
It takes a lot for me to give five stars but buddakan deserves it. Starting with the smiling faces that greet you at the door to the helpful and attentive wait staff, we couldn't have had better service. We frequent ny and are sometimes disappointed in the service, as we are not famous, nor uber rich. However, buddakan didn't seem to mind. The food was amazing and surprisingly quick. Overall I have come to expect disappointment when it comes to super popular restaurants but this is an exception. It deserves all the high praise it receives!
Came here for my graduation dinner and everything was absolutely impeccable. The clarity cocktail was super refreshing and the short rib entree was amazing--definitely recommend the chow fun noodles. We were a group of five and in addition to that we ordered the lamb chops, sea bass, beef, Cantonese egg rolls (had to order twice because they were so delicious!), vegetable fried rice, a side of greens, and the scallion short rib pancakes. Everything was superb. They even brought out the crying chocolate dessert with a candle and "congratulations," which was super cute. Everything from the food, decor, and drinks were memorable enough to make me look forward to dining here again.
We were lucky enough to make a same day reservation at this restaurant after seeing it on the sex and city tour of NYC. We walked in and it was just as amazing as we thought it would be. We had a super friendly waitress, the bar staff at the front bar weren't that friendly but we didn't let that dampen our experience. We ordered the dim sum for two and the Peking duck along with some yummy cocktails. Food came out fast and was delicious - just amazing. Will definitely go back if I return to New York.
I was quite surprised that I liked Buddakan more than I expected to! I am typically not an Asian Fusion food type of girl but the food was great! Upon entry, everyone in my party was mesmerized by the beautiful decor. It was spacious and it looked very grand. Its dim lights added an intimate, mysterious, and romantic feel to it even though the sound level is pretty loud. I came here with my fellow friends and coworkers for a dinner outing. My party ordered a variety of dishes: Pork Buns (best dish!), Peking Duck, Sizzling Short Ribs, Black Bean Scallops, King Crab  Lobster Shumai, Lobster Fried Rice, Foie Gras  Chicken Dumplings, Asian Green Stir-fry and Sweet  Crispy Fried Shrimp. My favorite dish had to be the Pork Buns! It is charred big piece of pork belly that has just the perfect amount of meat and fat with a nice spicy kick from the shallot. Buns are super soft, too! Another favorite had to be the King Crab  Lobster Shumai - it was just as delicious as it looks! Sizzling Short Ribs was the crowd favorite for it was well-marinated with sauces and spices. The meat was so tender and soft that it did not take much effort for it to scrap it off the bone! Let's not forget the Spicy Yellowtail Sashimi, spicy and super fresh! Loved it!  I thought all the dishes were really good! It was familiar dishes with a more modern and fancier touch to it. All had a very familiar taste by since I grew up eating Asian food but at the same time, it was different. Everything was beautifully plated and picture-taking worthy! For dessert, we tried a variety such as the Bartlett Pear Sorbet, Tanggao Chinese Doughnut, and Passion Fruit Meringue. Passion Fruit lovers, the Passion Fruit Meringue was the best, it was a well-balanced taste of sweet and tartiness! Must-try!
I Love Buddakan. Every time I come here, it gets better and better. The presentation of  food is quite impressive, the dishes are sensational, service is good, and desserts are magical. But the best part is the interior. Simply ahhh-mazing!
Overpriced chinese food. Salty and very Panda Express-ish. Gorgeous atmosphere though. I'd recommend this place for drinks.
Let's start with the amazing decor of this establishment. The decor is rather lavish and beautiful (something I love).We had reservations but we were not seated right away. The dining area is downstairs -- We were kept upstairs for about 20 minutes with the option of ordering drinks while we wait. Once we were seated our waiter brought us menus and we quickly began ordering to satiate our starving bellies. I feel like the food is definitely not a 10. I'd say it's probably close to a 6. The edamame dumplings literally made us gag. It tasted like dust, sandpaper and cement. No kidding. The black cod was incredible. Really really fresh and tasty, perfect seasoning. The best part was dessert. I loved the plating and absolutely loved the dishes. The restaurant is definitely Manhattan trendy, but I'd faster go to TAO for some yummy food.
Some of the most Delicious fusion Chine food in the City outside of Chinatown, but expect to pay with your first born son. The prices are affordable to billionaires, celebrities, and kings. Nonetheless, there is not a dish on their menu you won't love. Even something as simple as Fried Rice is kissed by the gods.
It is an experience eating at Buddakan. Ambiance, definitely good food, service is fine, but nothing special.
Buddakan irritated me from the start.After arriving slightly early for our reservation we were pushed off to the lounge to wait.  I'm there to eat and not really throw down pricey cocktails, can we get to it?  We sat there with other parties for about ten minutes before staff passed through collecting the parties for that hour's seatings.  We were lead through the cavernous layout of empty tables and finally seated.  The menu looked good, but I could barely focus with the combination of the cacophony of pounding house music from the speakers that blared above each table and the boisterous party of twenty a few tables down.  Ugh.  Can you just jab these chopsticks in my eyeballs?  Our server dropped in and gave us the runthrough.  We got several things and maybe ordered too much.  Szechaun pork dumplings and Lobster egg rolls for starters.  We mentioned that we liked things spicy and our guy showed up with a Siracha like hot sauce that jacked things up nicely.  The dumplings and egg rolls packed with lobster were both delectable.  Our white wine went well with our choices.  For our mains we shared the Shacha chicken, which was kind of like a five spiced bird and the Shrimp and Lobster chow fun in X.O. sauce.  Add a side of the long beans with diced shrimp and brown rice and we were set.  We enjoyed everything.  I preferred the chicken, which was really moist and had a ton of flavor.  The noodle dish was full of shrimp and lobster meat, but the noodles were a bit tough to handle.  With this spread we passed on dessert.Food was very good, but the ambiance was certainly not my thing.  On the heels of the amazing date night we had at Gramercy Tavern, this seemed a scene more fitting of a SATC girls night out.  That's not my thing, but if you're on the corporate account or drinking and dining with a pack-this is your place.
A bit pricey but the food was great! The service was great as well. Ambience is energetic and the music is a little loud. I would definitely go back.
Amazing experience all the way around. Appetizers, Entrees, Dessert, Service,  Atmosphere were excellent. Hoping my next visit doesn't damage my first impression.
Gorgeous restaurant. Impeccable service. Amazing food. I'm allergic to shellfish and the wait staff made me my own tasting menu since my party went heavy on the shrimp dishes. The edamame dumplings are bomb!!!
Food and service were excellent and the atmosphere was amazing. Great dim sum, appetizers, mains and sides. This place is a keeper.
Hmmmm, how should I preface this review?Oh yes, I know.  I don't really like chinese food, but this place was delcious.Atmosphere:Romantic, quiet, and overall a great date place atmosphere (maybe that's because we were on our weekly date).Staff:Far above par.  We got there early and had a drink (Fate - the name of the drink, which I also recommed).  The bartender was friendly, conversational, and gave off a vibe that said "Yes, I love what I do".  Our waitor was polite, attentive, and knew the menu extensively. He did not hesitate to give recommendations and what he recommeded was delicious.Appetizers: - Edamame dumplings:  They were good, not great.  I was thrown off because the filling was very (almost overly) creamy and the edamame flavor was lost.  - Pork Belly: YES YES, and did I say YES? I think I have a new found love for pork belly on those little sticky buns.  Delicious.  And what I really love is that you made the sandwiches yourselves.Dinner:- Peking Duck Wraps: Unfortunately I didn't think this dish was spectacular; it was good, but for the price I wanted something with a bit more flavor.  However, the duck was cooked propely and they did a wonderful job of trimming the fat so that you didn't eat chunks full of it.- Lobster Fried Rice:  Very very tasty.  Apparently their fried rice is traditional (my gf is Chinese so I took her word for it).  The rice was nice and fluffy with huge chunks of lobster throughout.  Although it was a starch dish it didn't make me feel like I'd eated too much.We actually passed on dessert, but maybe next time.Overall, I think this restaurant is a great date spot.  Good food, great drinks, excellent service, and romantic setting.
NYC has the best of night life in the world.  Are you ready to dance?! You are in the right city, then. The club scene is active 24/7. Most clubs open about 9ish and close at 4am. Tip: don't walk in before midnight. The party won't start jumpin until after midnight.There are some clubs here that stay open until after 4am. You'll have to speak to your tour guide about those clubs. Only the hippest of New Yorkers know about those clubs. If you are interested in partying after 4pm it is very possible in this town. Everything goes on in the afterhours clubs; I mean everything!You will party while on the way to the party in your tour guides party car. It's built for Time Square. What time would you like to be picked up?  Let's get this party started!For the ultimate New York experience go to facebook.com/pages/Enter…
This place isn't shabby. Great hostesses, very friendly. Overall A+ experience. Now this area has become the belly of the beast for tourists who seek out the High Line.
Great everything!!! Service, food ambiance.... I highly recommend this place. If you love oxtail you are going to love the dim sum. Then we move on to the filet and lamb chops.... Tender Tender Tender.... I love rice and the rice was made perfectly. The cauliflower had a nice kick.... If you are vegan this veggie is not for you, it has some ground pork in it. The flavors are so yummy you have to try for yourself. This place is great for a date, a group of friends it doesn't matter... Your hunger will thank you.
I love Buddakan - many times I will just go with my friends to get drinks and apps in the bar area but dinner is excellent too. Highly recommend for visitors and locals alike :-)
Gonna try to keep this short but informative ....We came here for a friends bday .... we had an 6 pm  appt which we were early for and were seated right away. Which was a plus in my book cuz i hate waiting.  Dress code is casual ....guys throw on a blazer or cardigan and shoes. Pros (Scale 1-5)   Decor 5Ambiance 5 Service 5 ConsFood 4 I had the General Tso chicken dumplings .... it was soo good i ordered a second portion. The boneless ribs were great also...Very tender and tasty. The braised short ribs on scallion pancakes were ok. Could ve done without that. The vegetable fried rice was very good along with the sache chicken.The chicken was well seasoned and perfectly cooked.Drinks 3I ordered the "Punch" ...it was ok ... How can u not deliver a home run with a drink called Punch ... hey well they didn't lol smhPrices 3 Prices are high based upon the portions they give you. Overall this is food you can get at most thai and/or chinese restaurants. No way you should be charged over $20 for a chicken dish But i guess your paying for decor ,service and the overall experience ... which were all great, High price and all would i absolutely return for a special occasion ... .
Second trip to Buddakan, but the first time was for a party (sort of fixed menu), so I went into this feeling like I was walking into the unknown. Now I know what I need to know, and it's that Buddakan is by far one of my favorite restaurants...ever.The decor is amazing, the atmosphere is perfect; Typically a young crowd, lively but not so loud that you can't hold a conversation. Service was really quick, but we were never rushed. We actually sat there for a good 25 minutes with the check on our table and felt like we could have stayed another 25 minutes. And this was on a busy Saturday night. the Edamame Dumplings, Rock Shrimp, and Calamari Salad are UNREAL. The charred beef was definitely the best entree. And the lamb chops were pretty good too. All in all its top notch. Not one bad thing to say about the place!
Yelp says it well. "Meh. I've experienced better".What's the hype about? Everyone can fry shrimps and toss them in a creamy sauce. The rock shrimps are great, but that's about it. Everything else we ordered was below average. For the amount they charge, I was expecting an around the world ticket. And all I got was upstate NY. They need a serious crank up in quality and creativity.
There's so much hype about Buddakan--and I'll be the first to admit that I went in thinking, "This better be the best freaking food I've ever had in my life for the kind of money we're spending."  Though I personally wouldn't go back (unless with a party or someone who really wanted to go), the food actually was pretty good.  I really can't complain about the quality of food, though the price and quantity left me mildly disappointed.  I just didn't have the "full and satisfied" feeling that I usually get after eating at a really great restaurant.But overall, the restaurant ambience was great, the food was high quality, and the service was unbeatable.  I just can't say that I was really satisfied and happy as I left the restaurant--which, maybe, it's just not love at first sight.
Great food and atmosphere! You can always walk right in and have the full menu served at the bar, but for the best experience, have a reservation and be seated.  The space is gorgeous! Definitely pricey, but for all the right reasons.  An asian fusion treat indeed!
Steven Starr really outdid himself on this one, this trendy pan Asian restaurant in the Meatpacking district offers delicious and aesthetically pleasing food.We had 6PM reservations and were told to sit in the lounge while our table was being prepared.  We sat there for only 3 minutes before our table was ready.  The place is massive, with a beauty and the beast sized table downstairs.  We sat in a romantically lit room amongst other diners who were close but not too close where I felt cramped.The scallion pancakes topped with braised short rib and green apple were delicious, the main star was the short rib.  We also ordered the crispy calamari salad which was great and had plenty to share.  The lobster fried rice that my boyfriend had, was a huge amount that could feed 4.  He said that was excellent as well.  My minced pork lo mein was also well prepared, the ultimate in comfort food.  The crying chocolate dessert was so good, the Vietnamese coffee ice cream was a wonderful addition.Our only issue of the night was with our waiter.  After we indicated that we would not be having any alcoholic beverages, he was a snob thereafter.  He didn't even ask us what we were going to order to eat, we had to interject our selections.  Towards the end of our meal was when he finally checked on us, and when it was time for dessert, he basically handed us menus without saying a word and kept walking.  For a restaurant that wants to put itself up with the big shots of manhattan (since steven starr is bigger in philly), get rid of the snob waiters.
When it comes to food, I like to think of myself as a Renaissance man. From Burger King to Buddakan, I like it all. My bank balance generally keeps me toward the middle of that scale, but who doesn't love to splurge for a special occasion? That's what brought me to Buddakan, and I was not disappointed.First off, the place is gargantuan. It felt like my date and I walked an entire city block between the coat check and our table, but it gave me ample time to scour the plates on the other diners' tables to see what looked good. My date -- who does not eat like a bird, thankfully -- and I decided to start with the scallion pancakes, which are topped with the most succulent shredded beef short rib meat I've ever consumed. We also had the Szechuan pork dumplings, which are served in a spicy chili-soy broth. YUM!Next came the broken chili chicken, which also carried a bit of a kick -- just enough to add some flavor and some spice, but not to the point of pain. What made it really memorable was the crispiness of the fried part on the outside combined with the juiciness of the meat and the spicy sauce. We also had the lobster fried rice, which was tasty probably the weakest dish that we had. Dessert totally made up for it, though.The chocolate peanut butter bombe was amazing, with peanut butter ice cream the perfect complement to the chocolate. Think Reese's Peanut Butter Cups on steroids.I have no complaints on the service. Our waitress was attentive without being overbearing, we were seated promptly (be sure to make a reservation early, if possible), and our glasses were never empty.I had one of the best meals I've had in New York at Buddakan and I'll definitely be back at some point.I hope it will be with the same hot date, who also gets a 5-star rating. :)
The food is fantastic the three stars are only for the fact that they made us wait about 2 hours on a table when I have made reservations online earlier.What is the point of making reservations then if they still gonna make you wait!
In a nondescript building on a corner in Chelsea lies Buddakan. A few friends of mine had gone boasting of extravagant decor and amazing food at prices to match. When it was time for a special occasion I jumped at an opportunity to make a reservation. Upon opening the heavy, outside door you are welcomed by eager staff at the coat check and from there walk into the small bar area where you might indulge on one of their signature drinks while you wait for your table. We, however, opted to go a bit early after a broadway show and were seated immediately. When we walked into the main atrium my mental jaw dropped as we saw the expansive area that would have no doubt created an echo if you could hear it over the trendy house music playing in the background. The decor is best served with sight and a description might not do it justice so I will leave that for you to enjoy  if you choose to visit. We were seated in a smaller room with a bar and a few tables at one of the ends of the main atrium.  We ordered the Chili Rock Shrimp appetizer and I enjoyed it, but it was a dish that pretty much anyone could enjoy. Not very daring or special but nonetheless a great dish. Our other appetizer was the king crab and lobster siu mai. For dinner I had the Kung Pao Monkfish. I jump at the opportunity to have a great monkfish, but the added benefit of being served with the spices of kung pao was something I couldn't resist. The fish was cooked perfectly and the spices were just right. I would say if you like yours very spicy I'd ask them to add a bit more heat. Their stock seasoning is not mild but definitely not spicy. My husband and I shared a plate of the dungeness crab sticky rice and in my opinion this was the best dish of the night. I could easily finish it by myself. For dessert we were at our capacity but my husband and I never pass up an opportunity for bread pudding. I can't put this in the same category as the other food because it was the best bread pudding I've ever had. A perfect amount of sweet and salt and carbs with a nice dusting of graham cracker crumbs to soak up some of the sweet, mess oozing from the bread. Over all the only think I can mark down is the service was very good, but not great and the Rock Shrimp was, again, good but a little safe for a place with this kind of reputation.
The boyfriend and I tried Buddakan for date night - we went there without a reservation and were told the lounge was first-come-first-served seating. For a crowded restaurant, we were able to find seating pretty quickly though it would have been awesome to get seated in the spacious Hogwarts-style tables in the restaurant. Our waitress was extremely helpful and had quite the cheery disposition. We decided to go vegetarian that night and there weren't too many dumpling options for us. So we ended up ordering the carrot dumplings, the grilled cauliflower and vegetable fried rice with coconut curry - the dumplings were kinda meh for my taste, the cauliflower was pretty decent, but what blew our minds was the coconut curry, so creamy and delicious and just the right portion! $14 wine glasses definitely tasted good and we ended the night with the 'Crying Chocolate' dessert that was on point. Definitely worth walking in rainy New York to get here.
The food was delicious! The waiter wasn't as nice as he should after he realized we weren't ordering as much as he anticipated but none the less I love this restaurant!
Food is delicious and the service was fantastic! Great, creative drinks! Definitely going back! We had the oxtail dumplings that were perfect in texture and full of tasty oxtail! The short rib scallion pancakes were also delicious and the green apple on top provided a fresh crunch. My husband had the broken chicken, it was simple, crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. It came with a tasty sauce. I had the Singapore crab, it came with several pieces of meaty crab legs, pre cut so you don't get messy, in a thick chili sauce. I squeezed lime juice on them making it perfect. Very filling, because you get quite a few legs. We also ordered the cauliflower and pork dish which was also tasty. We finished with a light dessert, the rice sorbet and pineapple. The waitress was so nice and personalized the desert when we told her we were celebrating our engagement anniversary. Great way to end a great meal!
I have been to Buddakan on three separate occasions and haven been to the AC location as well.  The food is very tasty and atmosphere is great.  However on my last visit with my family we opted for the tasting Manu and the portions were very small.  We have eaten the tasting Manu at the AC location and it has nearly double the food.  It's not the verity of dishes but the small plates and the quantity of plates. We had 11 people and received 2 small plates of each dish. For dessert we received one plate of each dish. We enjoyed ourselves, but left hungry.
I just had lunch at Crafted Block and Brew on Hiawassee in Metrowest, Orlando.  Really nice atmosphere, great server and delicious Grilled Salmon on Greek Salad.  The generous serving of salmon was grilled perfectly -crisp on the exterior but moist on inside, Romaine was fresh and crunchy, salad dressing light - just the way I like it!  The beer list was impressive with choices from everywhere!
We expected the ambiance, expected high quality food ... We were utterly delighted by the service. Great for 2 or groups. Highly recommend.
Buddakan is such a great restaurant to take out-of-towners for that only-in-NYC experience. Gargantuan space, jaw-dropping WOW factor interior design, and a trendy, hip crowd to boot.We got to the restaurant 15 minutes earlier than our 7 PM reservation and were seated with our four Belvedere Dirties in our hands. I had hoped we would be seated in the main dining hall with the giant chandeliers, but we were guided to the back "Imperial Moon" styled room. My friends actually preferred the intimacy of this room so it all worked out.Service was personable and outstanding: The hostess found us in the thick of the bar/lounge crowd to guide us to our table; the waiters were always there when you needed them and fully knowledgeable of the menu; the manager even gave us a guided tour of all the rooms and handed us his business card for future VIP treatment. All this during the height of a capacity dinner crowd. We were very impressed and couldn't ask for much more.Every dish recommended by the waiter was delicious and beautifully presented. Highlights included the Edamame dumplings which were velvetly smooth (and why did I think they would be whole pods?), Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice served in its shell, and Mongolian Lamb Chops encrusted with crystallized ginger. These were near-perfect, medium rare lamb chops. The tasty crust made them so moist! The four of us "fought" over three lamb chops. We also "fought" over our shared Warm Banana Fritter with Pistachio Crunch ice cream (yes, we all should have gotten our own, but... "pats Buddha-belly").The wine list was a bit run-of-the-mill but reasonably priced.I'll be back with a new batch of out-of-town friends!
I been to Buddakan here a couple of times now and can say that the food here is of the quality you would expect for the price you pay. I did have a couple complaints as food is sent as it is ready but we got our main dishes at least 20 minutes before the rice and veg accompaniments arrived.  It seemed strange that the main dish came out before anyone of the items we wanted as appetizers and side dishes. Service and food were great and cocktails amazing.
The food is decent Americanized Asian I'm not sure I would call it fusion - it's really nothing revolutionary for the price. The decor and the drinks are the highlight of this place. The large table downstairs reminds me of Hogwarts!
Buddakan, oh Budakkan, I really wanted to like you but you left me underwhelmed. It was like the time when I got my first iPod; I was excited when I opened the package but when I really started using the product it wasn't as good as it looked, which is exactly what Budakkan is.The place looks great! The interiors are really nice. However, I had to wait to be seated even though I had reserved a table in advance. Our party of 3 ended up ordering quite a few dishes because the portions are not big. In the process we ended up trying about 7-8 different dishes including Chinese Sausage Fried Rice, Lobster Egg Rolls and General Tso's Dim Sum.The food isn't bad. But it is very one dimensional and here I was expecting different layers of flavor. The only thing I ate which I would ever care to eat again was the Lobster Egg Roll. They weren't too oily and the freshness of the cabbage went well with the Lobster.All in all, at about $50 per head(including a drink, tax and gratuity) I was expecting more than just great interiors and good service.
Don't expect authentic Chinese food when you visit Buddakan, this is as american chinese as you can get, not that I am not a fan.  Its still a fantastic space with a beautiful dining room and table ( circa sex in the city the movie, carrie's rehearsal dinner) with great drinks.  The food is good, but not cheap.
Buddakan's great for late night fun. We arrived around 11:30pm and had dinner in the upstairs lounge. Waitstaff was generally attentive. Excellent dim sum, but the chow fun noodles with mushrooms lacked flavor. I'd go back for small plates, but wouldn't make a dinner out of it again. A good place to keep in mind for late night snacking if you're hungry but not quite ready to give up the party vibe by going home.
I love this place, great spot. Amazing food, hot spot as well. The food as well a great.
Enjoyed the Restaraunt very much. The food was delicious and the selection was extensive.  Service was excellent. Servers paid very close attention to special needs diets in our group.  Bathrooms were a little too dark.
The decor and the ambience is very trendy. It's a nice place to go to on a date. The dim lighting gives the restaurant a romantic feel. The food was very good  but I wasn't crazy about the drinks. I would't go back.
Great crowd. Food is a bit pricey but the ambiance is pretty awesome. If you go, try the edamame dumplings! They were so good that I tried to make them from scratch at home...and failed miserably. But anyhow, this place is terrific if you can spend some $$$ for a night out.
So yes.. I cant help myself from falling in love with hole in the wall honest good food nor can I not drool at a trendy spot for some amazing asian fusion.. Drinks nothing blew our mind,  i would just recommend getting a bottle of wine but the scallops and edamame and the crying chocolate... I will be back for sure ... My birthday was welcomed well.
This really should be more like 3.5 stars, but I just can't go up to 4.The food here was prepared flawlessly, and while it was delicious, I didn't feel like it was anything new.  Nothing that really wowed me.And while the food was great, the service sucked.  I get that this place is trendy, but our waitress was so bored with us that when we were ordering she was actually staring at her nails...which was made all the more amusing by the fact that this restaurant is very, very dark.  They also have co-ed bathrooms, which I loathe.  I dislike them because men drag down the level of cleanliness you usually find in a women's room, and as one of my male dining companions pointed out, they also make the line longer for everyone involved.  Again, the food was delicious, but I don't know that I would go back when there are so many other fantastic restaurants to choose from in NYC.
I went here for a dinner with a total of 6 people. It's worth mentioning right off the bat that my boyfriend and I were running late, yet they managed to seat us within 5 minutes after catching up to the rest of our party.We walked down the giant staircase into an absolutely breathtaking room - it feels like Harry Potter meets Marie Antoinette meets candelights meets gold leaf. Incredible. While we were not seated there, we did get a cozy corner booth with rounded sides, enabling all of us to sit comfortably facing each other. It was also a bit quieter in our dining area.We ordered the tasting menu, which I can't find on their website, but everything was delicious. Standouts include the edamame dumplings, which were insanely good, as well as the pepper beef, and this wonderful frizzy salad with crisped duck and a poached egg on top. The lobster fried rice was incredible. I will say that a few of the dishes brought out were either unimaginative or good but not mind-blowing. That being said, I'd rather have a few "normal" dishes than something that was awful, right? There were zero bombs in the meal.I will say I was disappointed by the Charm cocktail I ordered - it was sugary sweet and reminded me of something you'd see a wasted college girl mix up at a frat house. It had some kind of apple taste (unsure if it was liquor or juice) mixed in with just tons of other fruity stuff. Bad move on my part.Our server was lovely and friendly, the woman that sat us was also great. I see there are many complaints on this site about manners and punctuality - maybe we got a good night, but I really have zero complaints about the staff. It could be because my group was comprised more of family members than all the "hip" kids in ridiculous heels I saw tottering around loudly on our way out...
Easilly one of the best meals I've ever had. Took my girlfriend here for dinner, and the food was worth every cent. Staff was helpful and the resteraunt was like a well oiled machine. I'd definately reccommend to a friend.
This is my favorite restaurant. The ambiance is great. Always good music, food and drinks. If I could afford to eat here everyday I would !
Wowie wow wow! One of the best meals I've had in a long time.  We were just visiting NYC, so not knowing exactly what our plans would be each day we didn't call down for a reservation until 7ish. We decided to take our chance at the first come-first served table seating in the bar/lounge area. Got there around 8:30pm and immediately sat down at one of two large communal tables, which seat about 10 people (there are also maybe 20 small tables in that area as well). It was perfect for a small group of three, as we just took one of the corners.Service - Took a while for someone to serve us, and we asked two of the gals seating people with reservations to please find our server. Once our waitress came over, it was stellar service from then on out.Food - Down right amazing! Be prepared to share though, the entrees come out as they are ready - so not everyone will have their dish at the same time. They were served pretty close together, but we ended up all picking at each other's dishes. Also, unless specifically stated your protein is served a la carte. Two of us shared a noodle dish as a side.Ambiance - Dark, sexy, cool.
Hip and Happening Asian-Fusion. The Crowd is young and the food modern and new
The Short rib was everything in life and more!!!! and then if you want to enter heaven, i suggest you order the chili rock shrimp........*drops mic*Love this place, the food is awesome, the restaurant is huge so you don't feel cramped like most NYC restaurants. I highly recommend it
I like this place because of the atmosphere.  I will say that I really think Spice Markets food and atmosphere is better.  Still good enough and always great service.
The food was good. The highlights were the general tso dumplings (careful when you bite into them, they squirt hot and sour broth), rock shrimp, the pepper beef, and my favorite, the vegetable rice with coconut foam. The Peking duck salad was just ok. I prefer my duck warm, so I should have known a salad with duck wouldn't be as appealing to me. The service on the other hand was so slow. Extremely slow. If you go, don't go on on a busy weekend night unless you have the patience to wait for a table and for service.
Hands down just a really great place. Cocktails are wonderful, service is superb, and food is incredible.Recommend: Calamari Salad, Broken Chili Chicken, Jumbo Shrimp, and the Asian Green Stir Fry side dish.
Yumm thats all I can sayyy!!! Amazing food. This place never disappoints. You can always walk in without a reservation which is awesome. The Tuna tartar spring roll is to die forrrr! Will always come back.
We went in for a birthday party and had 12 people. I've been here in the past and always had great experiences. However, they did not handle the party very well. We were split into 2 different tables, and our 1 server was over-worked. Drinks were a little slow. We also got kind of a community deal where we were sharing plates for a flat price per person. They gave us about 3 dishes of salad for every protein dish (in order to save money).Otherwise, the food was good and we had a great time.
Pretty expensive but super yummy. HUGE space, but always crowded so make sure to have a reservation. The rock shrimp was so good, and pretty much everything that came out on the table was delish. The crying chocolate desert is to die for. So so good. I would come here for an occasion, it's not somewhere I would go for a casual dinner. But if you're in NYC, and you haven't been here, I'd definitely recommend a visit! Some of the better Asian food places in the city.
Buddakan will never cease to amaze me. The food and staff are superior. I can't wait until my next taste of heaven!
One of  the best restaurants in the city. Period. Great atmosphere, AMAZING food, great drinks, etc. I can't say a bad thing about it. I have eaten here many times and ordered many different things off the menu and have never been dissatisfied.
I've been here several times with my husband. It's always packed. We randomly decide to get dressed up and just head down to Buddakan. No reservations? No problem. We don't mind sitting in the bar/ lounge. Of course if you want the full experience, get reservations. There's always a long wait. The food is great, the ambiance is cool. No complaints.
Talk about ambience. You never know what is going on in the shadows. Tables are situated so close but seem so far away. This place is perfect for a make-up make-out session (we are obviously not sitting at the communal table). Although the portions are small, they do it right by curbing your appetite thus making every bite and every moment a sexy and savory memory.
Over priced, below average food...I would not go back. The food came out warm and tasted like they pre-cooked the food and tossed in the microwave before serving
Love this place. One of the view NYC Asian Fusion spots I'll go back to again and again to see what the chef's are doing. Lot of fresh flavors, definitely go for the crab toast and soup dumplings. Bit pricey but Chelsea, the cocktails and the atmosphere make it worth while.
Celebrated my 30th birthday here  their service was fantastic. We didn't have to wait long, food was on point  so was the staff.
The food is very good and worth the price. However, the waiters try and trick you into ordering way more than you need to if they see that it is your first time there by telling you that the restaurant is "family style." Other than that this restaurant has a really fun and trendy vibe and there is plenty of seating and space.
Gorgeous gorgeous ambiance.  Very romantic, very trendy.  Lots of big staircases and chandeliers and dark corners.  Good service.  Great place to take someone you are trying to bed or impress.BUT (big BUT), I came here with the expectation that I would love it as much as the Philly Buddakan... Unfortunately, this was not the case.  While I do think the NYC restaurant itself is much more stunning, the food fell short.  The menu is quite different (no miso black cod!), and unfortunately what we tried was just not up to par.  I honestly don't remember what I got; obviously not that memorable.
One of the best restaurants I have ever had the pleasure of eating at. I'm a big fan of Asian Fusion and this place didn't disappoint. Beautiful atmosphere with a wonderful, attentive staff. Highly recommend and will definitely be coming back on my next trip to NYC!
My first experience at Buddakan was disappointing, but someone in the know suggested I give it another try--and I'm glad I did. The experience was night and day. I think last time I just got the joker in the server deck. This time the service was impeccable. The Spicy Yellowtail appetizer was a treat. But what really caught my attention was the Xo Lobster with Chilis. It was so spectacular that my girlfriend, who never eats lobster, took one bite at my suggestion and Hallelujah--a convert! (next time she'll get her own).While she had the Crying Chocolate dessert everyone recommends (she was happy) I went for the Almond Bread Pudding. Try it, you'll thank me.I give Buddakan 4 stars based on my first shaky experience. But based on this one, and talking to others who swear by this beautiful place, I think that was the exception that proves the rule. I'll definitely be dropping by again soon to test that theory.
The place is gorgeous and the drinks are great. I think I've been here a year or two ago.. don't know what it's like these days. But overall, if you're in the area and want to impress some out of towners with some asian fusion, instead of some neighborhood chinese food this is the place to go. Ambiance = 5Food = 4Price for asian food = 3
My wife and I went here for our anniversary. Very fancy place. The service was very friendly and knowledgeable. Lobster Fried Rice was incredible!
Great vibe. Amazing decor. Love the high ceiling in the main room and the various floor to ceiling artwork. Yummy food/drink choices, especially the appetizer, Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly (steamed buns) and the cocktail, Lush - sake, lychee, gin, rosemary!! Who would think to put rosemary in a drink?! So good.Service was good. Friendly. Not over the top. Not bad. Just smooth. Love that this is where Big and Carrie (Sex and the City) had their wedding reception. That's how I learned of Buddakan actually. I bet a lot of people say that. It's always interesting to see how Hollywood does it, and how the place actually looks. This place is fantabulous in both scenarios.A little on the pricey side, but I would go back just to have that cocktail again. So yummy!
1 star for the beautiful decor2 star for the garlic lobster- delish!Everything else... the asian sausage fried rice, mixed veggies were too oilyThe black cod was okay...2 people- $110 not worth the price
Love the Edamame dumplings. They are like pillows in your mouth! This place has a great vibe and atmosphere. A little on the pricy side but you get what you pay for. I feel so chic when I sit down for dinner and cocktails with the girls! WIll definitely be back!
Honestly I could have had the same Chinese  food down the block from my apartment. Its definitely a scene but nothing that I cared that much to go back to.
I hired this company to come and entertain my daughter's 3rd Bday party. I had a very difficult time finding Princess entertainers here in Staten Island, and I was thrilled to find If You Can Dream NYC. They were absolutely amazing! The princesses and their assistants were incredibly talented, so friendly and beautiful. The children were star struck. I was very impressed with their theater style costumes, and makeup-- they did not look like the "princesses" that I've seen at other princess parties. These girls are Disney quality. Gorgeous. I was also impressed with the face painting, as we didn't get basic flower designs, snowflakes or other easy things- they did totally beautiful unique designs on each child. I would (and will) 100% hire this company again!Andrea B.Staten Island New YorkCheck out the rest of our Reviews at Gigsalad:gigsalad.com/if_you_can_…
This is your spot if you believe a great ambiance and trendy crowd weigh more than the originality and savoriness of food.I love the interior decor of the restaurant and would highly recommend the place for a date-to-impress or a large party. If you are like me who'd rather enjoy mind boggling  food at a whole-in-the-wall, maybe don't come here with high expectations. It doesn't mean the food here isn't great. To be fair, some dishes we had were pretty delicious, but you can probably get the equivalents without all that fanciness at many other restaurants in the city. Given all the hype about this place, I just wasn't overly impressed (particularly the 2nd time). Appetizer:Short ribs- tender with decent BBQ flavor. 2/3 of the plate was rather filled with a tasteless mustard sauce, which I'm still not sure of the purpose. Edamame dumplings- The mushy texture took me by a surprise. The strong truffle flavor was interesting. I personally question if the concept really works.Pork belly- Very well marinated and the bun was soft and chewy just like how I like them! However, it was slightly too fat and that it just can't top Ippudo or Momofuko. Peking duck salad- Blah... I would not have known the shredded meat in the salad resembles any part of Peking duck without reading the menu!Entree:Black pepper steak- great chucks of steak served medium with just enough black pepper sauce. The crouton and crispy nesting were some creative additions.Lamb chop- Buddakan knows how to cook their meat! Couldn't ask for more.Chinese sausage fried rice- nothing spectacular compared to takeout fried rice, with the exception of a sunny-side-up egg maybe.Black cod- Quality fish with a very tender texture. Could definitely use more flavor. The veggies on the side taste great by themselves, but didn't quite supplement the main fish.Dessert:All were very delicious, especially even after we had just busted our pants trying to finish the excessive amount of food we ordered. Crying chocolate cake, grilled coconut cake and almond banana bread are all worth trying! While you are here living the trendy  NY life, may as well take a sip of their specialty cocktails to complete the treat!
overpriced tourist trap meant only for people you know nothing about food.
Buddakan has turned the ill-fated word, "trendy," into the positive.There's LIFE found in every corner.  Whether you're here for the Carrie  Big romance, a girl's night out or here for the scrumptious food, you're going to find it.Since this is a family-style place, we ordered one dish from each section of the menu to share.  Almost everyone(minus one, te he he what-a-snob) was impressed by the food.Everything just works.  Out-of-towners will be pleased by your hospitality, and thank you for the glam NYC experience.Ecstatically swinging from the chandeliers, JdF
I went to Buddakan with my mom who was in town from California. She wanted a "trendy NYC spot"...this was the perfect place! We had an early dinner, as we had a show to get to and the hostess invited us to the lounge right away. The cocktail waitress was quick to ask us for our drink orders, and even quicker to get them to us! The maitre d came to welcome us in and bring us to our table, but after finding out it was our first time at Buddakan she excused herself so she could guarantee that we were getting a great table. This made both of us feel like VIPs...my idea of excellent service! After seating us she learned we were seeing a show that night, which she happened to see recently, we chatted, and again she made us feel very important. Our waiter was quick to welcome us to the restaurant and explained how we should order to get the best experience. He was the perfect waiter! He had an amazing knowledge of the menu, and we were very satisfied with the items we ended up ordering per his suggestion (the Edamame Dumplings and the Cod entree). We also ordered the Peking Duck Salad, Crab  Lobster Siu Mai and the Wild Mushroom Chow Fun. Everything, and I mean everything, was absolutely fantastic. All dishes were so fresh and full of flavor. Sometimes I find that at finer restaurants the dishes are smaller than I would prefer, but everything was a great size for sharing, we even had leftovers! Our waiter was also diligent about getting us our bill in enough time to get to our show midtown. On our way out an employee (maybe a manager) thanked us for dining there, and wished us well on the way to our show. We had not interacted with him once, but the fact that he knew our plans for the evening left a great impression. I work for the W Hotel, and understand the importance of delivering excellent service (specific to "trendier" places such as Buddakan) and was so impressed at the level Buddakan provided across the board. The food was incredible, but our experience would not have been the same had it not been for the environment and employees of the restaurant. I will definitely recommend, and will be back!!
As you first step in, minus the amazing decor I have to start off my review with how IMPECCABLE the service is. Practically everywhere I go no matter how my boyfriend and I are dressed, how we act or even how much we pay there are so many places that are completely rude and disregard our presence due to our age. With that being said never ONCE did I feel like the hosts/hostesses, waiters/waitresses or ANYONE at Buddakan treat us in a condescending manner. From the second we stepped in, to the second we stepped out they took care of us through and through. It was honestly some of the best customer service I've ever received and that alone gives the restaurant five stars.Aside from that, the food was and is absolutely amazing and that will just solidify my five star rating for this restaurant. Here are a list of items we ate collectively between my boyfriend and I.Appetizers:-Edamame Dumplings (Easily a new favorite dish!)-Lobster Egg Roll (Nothing too surprising but none the less good)-Boneless Spare Ribs w/ Chinese mustard sauce (The flavors were great but the meat could have been warmed up a tad more)Entrees:-Alaskan Cod (AMAZING!!)-Some kind of beef with the Chinese mustard sauce and a special kind of gravy (Delicious)-Dungeness Crab sticky rice (Great last entree)Dessert:Bread Pudding (And an amazing way to end the meal!)Also since we are not of age to drink, they did whip me up two different kinds of mocktails which were also delicious and a bonus just because the waitress was so sweet and accommodating :)Was Buddakan worth all the hype and did it live up to my expectations?ABOVE  BEYOND.I hardly like to repeat things twice once I've already tried them unless I genuinely honestly devoutly love it therefore Buddakan will be my New York staple every time I come back.
For those who have reviewed saying it's no place for kids or complaining about being seated next to families, poo poo to you!We dined at Buddakan on New Years Day 2014 with our 12 and 9 year old. We deliberately took a 6pm reservation, which suited us particularly considering the cold nights in NYC.We started at the bar and ordered cocktails and mocktails. The staff were attentive and welcoming.Yes the restaurant is dark and has a trendy nightclub feel to it, my kids thought it was cool and loved checking out the architecture and design.After about 10 minutes we were seated with menus. Our server, Christina, was awesome in recommending her favorite dishes.Our appetizers came out within 15 minutes and were delicious, I can definitely recommend the lobster rolls, prawn toasts and edamame dumplings! The scallion pancakes with braised beef were delicious too. For our entrees, we ordered the whole duck which was not as good as we're used to at home in Melbourne, Australia but the beef filet with the soy butter sauce that Christina recommended was a highlight.We had no room in our tummies for dessert, but the meal and the ambience were fantastic and I'd recommend a visit if you have time.Families, if your kids are great company and used to eating out I'd absolutely say this place is as good for them as for anyone else!
This place is a waaaay better version of HAKKASAN (Miami) in NYC. Service was amazing and the place is beautiful! I'm not a big fan of dumplings but the raw fish I had there is amazing! I can't wait to go there again and recommend to anyone! Can't go wrong with this one! :)
Came here to celebrate my birthday. The restaurant was very accommodating, being that my party number kept changing, including as we walked in. I will be back
You will not see me give many 5 star ratings, but this place was flawless. The main thing I remember was going down stairs to be seated with our large party and just say "This is on some Bruce Wayne shit." The ambiance was amazing, music, vibe, people, the food, the service, the drinks, as well as the aesthetics.We were in a large party so we ordered pretty much half of the menu and passed everything around. Every single item I ate was amazing and packed with taste, as well as full of authenticity. Here are a handful of items we ordered and I highly recommend.The Steam Sea Bass Roll  Jade Shrimp DumplingsEdamame DumplingsTuna Tartar Spring Rolls  Chili Rock ShrimpFried Rice (not sure which one but I'm sure they're all worth trying)Sugar Snap PeasKung Pao MonkfishThis is definitively a place to hit to experience the real NYC feel. Also ideal for an anniversary, or any time you want to get in someone's pants. My wife, who doesn't like seafood, flipped off the Tuna Tartar, Sea Bass and Monkfish. This place is a win win.I am one to find flaws in everything but yet I could not find one single thing to finger point. Hit this place if you're reading this and thank me later.
Amazing edamame dumplings, great atmosphere, good food and interesting cocktails.
It's a shame there is only 5 stars because the amount of stars I would give this place, I could walk the Hollywood walk if fame.  Its funny how people review here and complain about price or other places being "cheaper".... You are in meat packing manhattan.. Sure I can cop a dollar egg roll with duck sauce or 99c pizza close by... But if you want to be swanky this place is the Hillary... Tried every appetizer on the menu and all were light flavorful and delightful... Would recommend coming here for for yourself instead of going on mine or anyone's review... But if you do decide to come here and spend some of that communion money you have saved up, try the edamame dumplings... If red bull gives you wings these give you clouds, light airy and leaving me in a state of bliss Server was helpful and recommended a sake that had virgins I introduced it to saying they will never forget there first  time And that's all I have to say about that(gump voice)
Deceptively large place once you step inside! Great place for dinner  drinks with a couple friends -- super trendy and posh**Food:-- Asian fusion served family style, similar to Straits in SF or ATL-- A good deal of healthy options available (brown rice, grilled chicken breast)**Service-- Each dish comes out 1 at a time-- Waiter wasnt too friendly, but food made up for itPortions were huge so order on the smaller side, go if you're looking for a bite with a couple friends, but probably not for a date or something intimate.
I absolutely loved this place. I went with a small group and we decided to order dim sum all around the table. The waiter informed us they all came with different number of pieces but said he would make sure the kitchen would offer 5 pieces so everyone could taste one of everything. The food was amazing and the staff was so friendly. The decor was amazing in itself. Cant wait to go back.
Here for a team dinner.  This place is loud but great for a large party.  Every dish was delicious. My favorites were the oxtail dumplings which are so flavorful, the short rib.
Disappointing this time around! I came here years ago and decided to come back now with some relatives visiting from California and I must say was underwhelmed this time. For the price, I did not think the food was all that great. The waiter kept pushing us to try the tasting menu and maybe if we did we would get to try more variety. Their signature cocktail were really pretty bad, we had to send back several of them. Don't think I will be coming back here too often
I struggled between giving them 3 stars and 4 stars. in short:Ambiance= gorgeous. Great place for a date.Drinks= tasty. Had the "Fate" and it was sweet and zesty.Food= Meh. The chili rock shrimp was barely warm, and tasted like any general tso's meal that one would find at a local Chinese restaurant. Good portion size though. Same with the lobster fried rice. The edamame dumplings were really good though.Service= the waitress kept pushing us to order wine with our meal, even though we'd had several drinks in the lounge while waiting for our table to be prepared. We brought said drinks to the table, so it wasn't like she didn't know.Overall, I'll probably be back one day, but no time soon.
Wow what a beautiful dining experience... I just love places like this, the atmosphere is just as beautiful as the food. My best friend took me here for my birthday dinner and it was definitely a memorable experience.We shared a variety of appetizers *****Hoisin glazed pork belly ****** This was my favorite Deviled tuna tartare- the tuna was very fresh and tasty Lobster egg rolls- crispy and yummyWe then shared the entree-Kung Pao Monkfish also delicious Enjoy!!
Buddakan is great! Very trendy atmosphere in this huge restaurant. There is a bar near the entrance for drinks or if you are waiting for a table (which is about 30 seconds if you made reservations). As the hostess guides you to your table, bask in the designs - modern with an oriental flair. The main room's cathedral ceilings are beautiful (FYI, this is where they shot the engagement party scene in the "Sex in the City" movie for any fans out there). While pricey, it's not as expensive as you would expect. They serve their dishes family style, so you can share a bunch of appetizers, dimsum, etc with your group. They have great cocktails in every variety -  I had the Charm (passion fruit liqueur, apple, fresh berries, prosecco) which was nice and light. I also recommend the general tso soup dumplings (with hot and sour broth, noms)! The hot and sour scallops is fantastic if you like seafood, as the scallops were cooked perfectly. The only reason I took off a star was that some dishes could be a bit too salty (such as the mushroom chow fun).If you make reservations for an event, I suggest you mention in your notes what the event is for. I mentioned that the reservation was for my boyfriend's birthday upon making it, and we were surprised with a complimentary birthday ice cream (with a candle of course) at the end of our meal! Very nice.
Taiwanese-American reviewer here. Came here with my boyfriend, his sister and parents (Cambodian/Indian), and his two friends (Caucasian). This just to say we had varied backgrounds, and especially the non-Asians were a little wary of trying asian food. Buddakan is definitely a fusion, but delicious nonetheless. And it won everyone over! The group said it was the best meal they've ever had :)Here's my menu recs for groups (we had party of 7). This is what we ordered and it was perfect:2 edamame dumplings2 chili rock shrimp2 peking duck spring rolls1 whole duck1 salt and pepper black bass1 black pepper beef1 szechaun dan dan noodles1 scallops (there's only 4, hard to share, would trade this for 2 more chili rock shrimps)1 broccoli1 dungeness crab sticky rice1 cauliflower1 almond bread pudding1 crying chocolate1 passion fruit meringueplus drinks all around and our total (inclu. tax + tip) was $550. A+ experience, only made better by their excellent service, great ambience, and picking the right people to go with :)
More authentic Chinese than fusion. Had general Tsao dumpling, crispy spring roll tuna tar tar, hoisin glazed pork belly, Chinese sausage fried rice, rib eye black pepper beef, wild mushroom chow fun. All very good. Can't wait for the desert.  Sat on a long communal table in the high ceiling, ornate main dining hall that felt like inside a Harry Potter movie. An amazing experience.
Love this place! The ambiance is classy and hip, the food is delicious, and service is great. A fun restaurant to go to with a group of friends.
I used to go to this restaurant several years ago and it was fun during the week  with work colleagues. The food was good too as it is now.I went back there with a visiting client and the crowd is eclectic, the service is very good and I will be definitely going back.
We were recommended this restaurant by two fellow New Zealand travellers and we were not disappointed. What an amazing place, atmosphere and menu. Was pleasantly surprised to the see the pavlova (de-constructed) on the menu. No quicker way to a Kiwi's heart ;) The bartender who served us before being lead to our table was incredibly helpful and went through the entire menu giving advice as to what were his favourites etc.
BOOM... AWESOME SPOT. Food is great. Had a wonderful time for a friends Birthday Party.  Everything was delicious
Sexy restaurant atmosphere and edamame dumplings are amazingService was great except that we had to wait an extra 30 minutes to get our food when we were one of the first seated and to order.Edamame Dumplings 5/5 (sublime, the filling just makes you smile when you take a bite)Lobster Spring rolls 4/5Chili Rock shrimp 0/5 (sent it back because it tasted like oiled fried bread and no shrimp)Pork Belly - 2/5 needs much more sweetness and the 2 is for the buns which are steamed nicely, Ippudo NY has MUCH better pork bellyLobster Fried Rice - 4/5 (yummy but had to wait 30 minutes for it) Shrimp and Lobster Chow Fun - 3/5 (price does not meet quality for this dish)Overall a good experience but only because of my date, would give it another try though since the restaurant is so nice looking :)
When I first arrived. I was like =O. Its Huge!! However, the service could have been better, in regards to attentiveness. Let's be honest, the food was very expensive!! But, I was satisfied with my plate and wine! We got duck, and I've never seen ducked served so many different ways. But, overall it was a good experience and I had fun! It reminded me of the lunch room from Harry Potter!!!
Very dark - low lighting, meatpacking nightclub atmosphere ~Asian fusion tapas that take your palate on an exploratory journey to places its never been and a few places it recalls but really needed to visit again.  Strong drinks, great service, comfortable seating with plenty of space.
I went to this spot on April 20, the day before my Cancun, Mexico trip, so this is the reason I'm writing my review today. I absolutely LOVED this spot and everything about it. The atmosphere was beautiful and even though we didn't eat in the grand ballroom we got a chance to see it and it is a SPECTACULAR view and set up. Our waiter was Neo from the Matrix (j/k) and he was both friendly and helpful. Seriously though, it did kinda look like all the servers were extras from the Matrix but I'm not complaining. Based on how the environment is they didn't look out of place. I must say that the best appetizer I've had in a restaurant was the crab cake from Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House, but...I've officially added the Jade Shrimp dumplings to the list as a close second. Man oh man...words cannot describe how good that dish is. The trick is going to be not getting another order before your entree gets out. It is that damn good. Trust me. My girlfriend had the lobster egg rolls and they were delicious as well (don't worry, I didn't hog my shrimp. We both shared appetizers. lol)For our entrees she had the sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp and I had the roast duck noodles. Both dishes were EXCELLENT. My dish included duck dumplings in addition to the sliced duck over noodles so needless to say I was in duck bliss! I usually take pictures of the food before I eat it but neither myself or my girlfriend were having it. We demolished everything put in front of us and didn't even think about picture taking until after we had left the restaurant to walk off our full stomachs. We both had two glasses of Riesling and no room for dessert so I'm going to have to review the dessert portion of the menu the next time I return, which will be VERY SOON!5 stars!
Always had an amazing time with friends or with a date . Always ask the waiter what they would recommend . They have a good choice of what is really good.  - Upstairs is more a of a social area bar is there and music is louder - downstairs on the main hall is an open forum of tables The library is more private and not as loud as upstairs you really enjoy a great dinner here it's been my 4time coming back and I've always had an amazing experience -Staff is always polite and enjoyable to be around  highly recommend *
Came here for my boyfriend's 24th birthday. The ambiance was fantastic and the service was phenomenal. The food was very mediocre. I was told not too expect much, and really people, don't expect much. The price is very high for the mediocre quality and taste. Might come back just for nice drinks, but not for food.
I would give this spot a 1 Star for the Food.  A 5 Star for the upscale ambiance and beautiful decor they have goin on.  I was here about a month ago but now getting the time to write my review.I love the fusion concept but this one to me was a Huge Miss.  I don't think I've ever seen food that looked so pretty but tasted so terrible.The wait staff are very professional in their jobs as servers.  I would definitely not describe them as 'friendly', I would describe them moreso as . . . Cold.Great place for cocktails, but not for a tasty satisfying meal.I'm sorry, I see that this spot has huge ratings and many positive reviews so that is why we selected it.  Clearly my experience varies from about 90% of the people who wrote reviews so. . . this is just my very honest opinion : )
Incredible. Really, from the ambiance to the food. Small plates style so share everything. Pricy.
This review is based on just the dim sum we sampled and my past experience sampling some fried rice and noodle dishes. We ordered the lobster egg rolls which I thought were delicious but could use some more lobster meat in them (I like anything fried really). Also, we ordered crab and lobster dumplings which were tasty and their pork sticky buns were pretty good as they were not overly fatty, cooked well, and loved the lettuce and cabbage in them. I think the ambiance of this place is really cool. I felt like I was at an upper scale restaurant in New York, the type you see on t.v., as soon as I entered. Definitely a place where reservations are needed, because it seems to always be packed (at least on the weekends). This was a pre-dinner for my sisters and me. We ordered a few appetizers with drinks. I was disappointed in the drink I chose though. I think it was called the charm. I was excited because it had a passion fruit liquor and passion fruit is my favorite! But there was no passion fruit what so ever in it :( tasted more like apple juice with champagne. Still, it was good enough to drink lol
First visit and it was absolutely amazing! Food was delicious and fresh and the service was superb!!! Even the manager went out the way to check in on our dinner and experience. A must try!
Seriously expensive Chinese Food - but totally worth the outrageous prices! So so gooood! You'll never settle for a regular ol' plate of CHOW FUN ever again - this dish is mind-blowing here.
Everything was perfect here. The service was absolutely perfect. Cocktails were fun, not overly sweet, and not overly boozy. Inside was very chic looking and fun.The food. Oooooh the food! Everything we got was beyond amazing. Highlight of the night was definitely the pork belly buns, they were ridiculously good. So was the charred beef and kung pao monkfish.
The tables are hard to get on a Thursday or Friday night but if you get one .. order the pork belly. You'll dream of it at night. So good, so tender and flavorful.
Insanely trendy, sleek and sexy, a night at Buddakan is a special one. The service is attentive, the drinks are incredible and the food is surprisingly good for a place so 'scene-y'. Usually at a place with this much hype and an atmosphere so gorgeous (the main dining room was where Carrie's rehearsal dinner in Sex and the City was filmed), you expect to pay mainly for the atmosphere and perhaps a good cocktail. However Buddakan has perfected all three important categories: atmosphere, cocktails and food. The cocktails are as delicious as their alluring names appear to be. I chose the 'Dream', served with Bacardi Limon, Shochu (a Japanese alcohol), guava and mint. Upon first sip, I was envisioning the next time, and time after that I would be back to Buddakan to try all of their cocktails ('Tranquility'...'Reflection'...'Fever'). Yup. I'll be back for you.For appetizers, the Edamame Dumplings are essential. This appetizer alone is reason to come back to Buddakan. The dumplings are soft and delicate, and stuffed with an edamame filling enhanced with cream, dashi broth and truffle oil. It yields for a flavor and texture so luxurious, stuffed into dumpling dough so light and perfect. The dumplings are then cooked in a shallot and sauternes broth, with chicken stock, thyme and served with onion sprouts. Incredible! Bravo Chef Michael Schulson. I love you for this appetizer. The Sesame Shrimp Toast served with soy sauce and spicy mustard was also good; crispy and crunchy and coated with white and black sesame seeds and bursting with flavors of fresh shrimp. We also shared the Charred Asparagus with black bean foam, Lobster Fried Rice with saffron and thai basil, and the Roast Duck Noodles with duck wontons and sliced duck. The Charred Asparagus was simple yet amazing. I enjoyed the Lobster Fried Rice and the Roast Duck Noodles were delicious (from the duck meat to the wontons to the broth) but was a tad over-salted. We were so full  when it came time for dessert but the Crying Chocolate dessert was calling my name (and looked incredible on our neighbor's table)... Malted chocolate ganache, milk caramel, and Vietnamese coffee ice cream. Save room for dessert.Overall consensus: Buddakan rocks. It is a great place for a post-work drink and appetizers, place to take a friend from out-of-town, a birthday, or to impress your parents. I would recommend to stick mainly with the appetizers and lots o' cocktails.Other menu highlights I can't wait to try:Cantonese Spring Rolls with shrimp and chicken   Lobster Egg Rolls with mint, cabbage, and a sweet chili sauce  Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly with spicy shallots, cabbage, steamed 'buns'  Tuna Tartare Spring Roll with crispy shallots and ponzu  Crispy Calamari Salad with green apples, cashews, and miso vinaigrette Chili Rock Shrimp with toasted gingerBoneless Spare Ribs with chinese mustardMao Poe Tofu with minced pork and red chiliWhole Crispy Fish with chive blossom, green curry, and turmeric
I loved my actual meal, but I went here on the wrong night. The seating area was completely monopolized by a Sweet 16 dinner (not entirely the restaurants fault, but I had I known, we would have made reservations for a different night). The birthday girl's father made about 10 loud toasts and the party-goers were never asked to confine their festivities to their table. It was LOUD - not like out to dinner loud - like high school cafeteria loud. Something about a $20 glass of wine and screechy teenage chatter just doesn't mix for me.
I've been to many restaurants for birthday parties that have had prefix menus (since we had a lot of people) Buddakan has been by far the most amazing experience, there was so much food that my friends and I had to tell them to stop bringing it out....not to mention the staff was AMAZING! I was the one throwing the party for my best friend, and from the very beginning It was a wonderful experience i was put in touch with the event coordinator Cara and she was awesome she accommodated me bringing my own cake and made special menus for the event....any chance I get to go to Buddakan for their amazing food is always a pleasure!!!!
This restaurant gets the 4 stars simply for its size alone. The place was HUGE and the decoration awesome.  We went on a Wednesday night and made a reservation for 3.  When we arrived (10 minutes early) we were sent to the bar area to wait for our table to be ready.  While the place wasn't nearly as crowded as I thought it would be, it still had a fair amount of people for the early hour.  As we left around 9/10pm, we started to see more people filter in.Our waiter was awesome!  He was on top of everything and extremely friendly.  The food was served ridiculously quick and extremely hot.  We had the following:  Endamame Dumplings Short RibsRock ShrimpLobster Egg RollsBraised Beef RibWhole Fried FishCrab Sticky RiceBanana Fritters (can't recall what the other item was with it)1 glass of wine + 1 crown/coke + 1 tranquility =$200.00 without tipI will say that the food was tasty but I really had higher expectations based on all of the reviews and hype.  The food was just a-okay and I think that PF Changs might give them a run for their money on certain dishes.  I would definitely go back to try additional dishes but would make sure we went as a group to split the bill! =)
I've been here twice and had a great experience both times. The first time I came here with a reservation, we were seated promptly downstairs in the main dining room. The inside is beautiful and each room has different decor. Though the lounge area was crowded, a hostess took our name and was able to seat us in the lounge in 10 minutes without a reservation! Service was immaculate in both the lounge and dining area and the food was pretty good! My only complaint is I only liked 1 out 4 drinks from their cocktail menu.
Tourist central. Great concept and wonderful food. Sadly they treat you like cattle and charge you like a rock star. There is always someone that they are more interested in than you. Dress well and go somewhere else.
Buddakan is a must-visit restaurant for any visitor to New York who wants to be overwhelmed with wow-factor, amazing food and one of the best scenes in the city.The two-story, Asian-themed space is jaw-dropping.  Tables in the main room are arranged in long rows, community style, and it adds an interesting flavor to the overall restaurant experience.The food...well, let me just say that I cannot stop thinking about the food.  Everything from the Tuna Spring Rolls, to the Hamachi, to the noodles is over-the-top-exceptional!  I don't think there is anything on the menu that isn't   truly delicious.  It's gourmet Chinese, at its very best.There is a cool and hip vibe to the place, and the energy in the room is strong and compelling.
When you walk through the doors of this place, it has a very exclusive and swanky vibe although the table decor was rather basic. Small portion size for the money but the food was awesome and light. Great first date or make up dinner place =)
One of my most fancy dining experiences this place is a feast for your sense's from the beautifully designed lavish space to the  drinks and the food spectacular . I started with a yummy cocktail called Fate its made with  elderflower, pineapple's prosecco, I also had the charm cocktail made with   passion fruit liqueur, apple, fresh berries, prosecco this was my favorite .For appetizers the edamame dumplings ,lobster rolls, chili shrimp and General Tso's Dumplings did not disappoint my entree fillet of beef ,and the rice with curry foam was luscious. For desert the crying chocolate and the passion fruit mouse  wonderful .
Had a birthday here and worked out well. Service, atmosphere, and food were all great! Good for groups!
We ate at Buddakan for my wife's birthday, and overall had a great time.  The ambiance is fantastic, although if you are looking for the true experience, you might want to make a reservation for the main dining room.  We sat in an alcove on the floor above the main dining room.  The alcoves are quieter if you don't want an extremely loud atmosphere, but do lack a bit of the sexy vibe of the main dining area.Cocktails:  The tranquility (vodka w/ lemongrass infused oolong tea) is a good choice, it has a great tea flavor and the vodka is not overwhelming.  The Fate (elderflower, pineapple, and prosecco) was probably my favorite - it has a great pineapple flavor with some bubbles to make it interesting.  The Fever (mezcal, lime, jalapeno, and pomegranate)  was good as well - the mezcal is not overwhelming and the jalapeno offers a nice bit of spice.To start, I recommend the Bo Bo Plate.  It comes with a variety of hot and cold appetizers, including tuna spring rolls, sesame shrimp rolls, short ribs, carrot dumplings, and Cantonese spring rolls.  All of the appetizers were very good, and it was fun to mix them with the variety of sauces served on the side.  I particularly recommend the tuna spring rolls and sesame shrimp rolls if you just want to order a couple appetizers.For entrees, we had the Cantonese steamed sole and the Kung Pao monkfish.  The steamed sole had a very aromatic flavor of ginger and scallion.  The kung pao monkfish is a fried fish entree, topped with a chili sauce and peanuts.  The monkfish is spicy, but not overly so.  If you are looking for a very filling dish, the monkfish is a good choice.  We also tried a side of the asian green stir fry, which was very good too.For desert, we tried the crying chocolate, a very rich chocolate ganache with a fantastic coffee flavor ice cream on the side.The service was good, although they do bring the dishes a little too quickly to really have time to let them settle in before the next plate arrives.  I would definitely return again.
Perfect place to bring a date or celebrate an important event.I recommend this place to anyone! I suggest you call before to reserve a seat for your party, if not you can walk in to the reception area and wait a few minutes until a seat is available.While waiting the lovely waitresses will remember who you are until your desired seat is ready, meanwhile you are waiting you can seat on the lounge to have a few drinks.Once escorted to your seat, you will be impacted by their amazing decor on the main dinning area. It's medieval and cozy yet extravagant and appealing to your eye. You will feel like royalty here for the Buddakan staff will make sure to treat you amazing. Enjoy dinner and their drinks. You can either share a combination of plates or eat your own. My advice , combine the plates you order. All their food is amazing and exquisite.
Pricey? Hands down, YES! Worth it? You bet your sweet palette! Sometimes you have to treat yourself to the good stuff because the corner Chinese spot in your hood IS NOT making these boneless spare ribs like this or LOBSTER fried rice! And if they "ARE" for $5 you should be looking at them like O_o because any mediocre lobster at a minimum DOES NOT cost $5. Try it but make sure to have at least $100 for YOURSELF alone on hand.
The food is here is to die for!!! My waiter was a little curt to say the least but the food was just that yummy that this restaurant still earns 5 stars.
This restaurant deserves the time out of my busy day to rate it.  By far , its one of my favorites and I tend to gravitate here for celebrations and holidays when I am in NY.  The appetizers are just as stimulating as the entrees and the deserts - well even if you normally don't partake- they are a must! I highly recommend reservations and this is a dress to impress establishment.
Fantastic ambiance and this place is appropriate for dates, a night out with the girls, or a dinner with business associates. I've been to Buddakan about 3 or 4 times, and each time ordered an array of different menu items to share with my party. Every time, the service was professional, the food and drinks were very good, and overall it is always an enjoyable dining experience.
I love this restaurant! My partner and I went there for my birthday dinner on Christmas Eve. Even though it was pretty late when we got there (around 9:54 pm) the place was still packed and the atmosphere was vibrant. We didn't feel in any way rushed to eat and leave, like in other places that close their kitchen earlier.The cocktails were very good and so was their selection of wines. I highly recommend the Pinot Bianco. You don't usually find it stores or restaurants around the city, so it was a nice surprise. In terms of food, everything was exceptional. We opted for a fish/shell fish feast for the evening and all the dishes were amazing. The biggest surprise were the edamame truffle dumplings we had as starters. We thought 'edamame... eh, how surprising can that be?' but I must say, it was an incredibly delicious bite of food. The dessert was equally delicious and innovative as the rest of dinner. I even got a candle and a happy birthday on my plate, so that made me smile. The staff was very attentive and professional, so I have no complaints in that field.Overall, it was a great experience and we're definitely going to repeat it.
Never ate here, but I must say, I am a fan of their cocktails. I must have tried about 4 different ones and they were all good. This place is huge, has several bars through the restaurant that you can sit at as well.
One of my favorite dinner spots in Manhattan, hands down! Must get the duck and edamame dumplings if you go. It is so delicious!!!
Simply put, the food, service, and environment are all great. It's all underground so there's no outside view but the decor and ambiance kind of takes your attention away from anything else.A great place to show friends from out of town a good time. Similar to Spice Market nearby in MPD but more expensive.
PF CHANGS for NextGen 20-somethings and teeny boppers that have appreciation for gaudy surroundings and second rate food and service. Overblown, overrated, overdone. Food was middling at best; mostly cold; tasteless with a styrofoam texture and that generic trans fat like oil slick on every plate. Trying to capture a Vegas club like feel, the place is a tourist trap with far hipper, far better and far healthier looking and tasting Asian and Asian fusion food all over NYC and its environs. Save for your kid's bar mitzvah. Pass on it for everything else.
Very fancy, great food and great service.  Place is loud and huge.
This was my second trip to Buddakan. The first trip was wonderful, the decor is creative and beautiful, and feels very grand but modern. Both times, not all of the dishes were amazing, but many were. I would have rated it much higher, but when we finished ordering what we thought would be plenty of food, the waiter insisted not once, but three times that we needed another entrée. We ended up having WAY too much food and at the Buddakan prices, it really left a bad taste in my mouth. I also found the gals that greeted us at the front to be very chilly. The scallion pancakes and the Peking duck were both fantastic dishes and the spicy cocktail - I think it's called Fire - is also delicious.
favorite restaurant in New York go every year for my birthday, definitley make a reservation. Amazing atmosphere for drinks, dates, birthday dinner or business. Great appetizers and shared dinner courses. Pricey but hey its NY
This place is AMAZING! By the way for you Sex in the City fans, this is where Carrie and Big had their rehearsal dinner party. The ambience is beautiful. We ordered LOTS of food, and at it ALL. Lol. Portions are large and good for sharing. We had the following: Lobster Egg Rolls, Scallion Pancake, Chinese Sausage Fried Rice, Lobster Fried Rice, Sizzling Short Ribs, Soft Shell Crab, and a Whole Peking Duck. And yes there is more...for dessert Crying Chocolate Cake, and the Carrot Cake. Everything was mouthwatering and I could eat for days here. The Crying Chocolate Cake was NOT sharing size and I am glad I ordered my own. If you love chocolate and desserts, you are guaranteed to love this one. Those who like carrot cake may be disappointed. It did not taste all that original. I will definitely visit them again when in NYC!
Amazing! Celiac friendly, and worth the price. Fun decor, awesome cocktails, great food. Highly recommend.
Fantastic experience all around. Lovely drinks, lots of choices, helpful and friendly service, and delicious dishes await. The restaurant is much larger than I expected, and very dark inside. There are so many enticing menu items and I am sure that they are all amazing. But make sure you try those edamame dumplings - they are heavenly. You can really mix it up here and try a lot so make sure you go with people who like a diverse range of food so you can take advantage of the selection. Save room for dessert - there are many! I was impressed by the carrot cake - not my usual dessert choice but so glad I tried it.
Docking a 0.5 stars because I had a HORRIBLE experience the first time I was here. Nothing the restaurant did, but more so my group just ordered the absolute worse things on the menu.Specifically, the first time I was here...I started off with the edamame dumplings and I was supremely underwhelmed and dissappointed. two people who I was with (who were trying to be health freaks) insisted that we get these when I didn't think it looked that good.....In any case, my fears were right...these dumplings were small, the edamame was pureed and tasted like baby food and overall lacking flavor. I understand edamame is usually just served plain or with light salt but this was just not worth paying 13 dollars for. This kind of set the tone and ruined the rest of the meal as my group wouldn't gun for any of the pricier dishes as well, opting to split the more generic food that you can go to a chinese takeout restaurant to eat.Like I said, nothing the restaurant did wrong, moreso the diners I was with.Fast forward - Came back again for an 11:30PM weekend reservation and could not have been a happier customer. Had to wait ~10 mins for our table but we entertained ourselves at the bar. Drinks are mildly on the strong side, though not too strong. My friends and I got the Reflection, Tranquility and Fate. All were very asian in flavor and super yum.Moving along to the food... We started off with the hoisin glazed pork belly. This was great! The rock shrimp was good. Pretty sure the sauce is not too healthy, but food that is good tasting rarely is. Either way, I recommend that you get. We also got the scallion pancakes with beef short rib and green apple. This was an interesting twist to your usual scallion pancake which is either plain or served with duck stuffed in between. The hoisin glazed pork belly is a GREAT deal here! you get like 5 buns for like 14 bucks. Well worth the value compared to places like Ippudo where its 9 for 2 (though I will always pay for that).For main course, we got the sizzling short rib and the lamb chops and I believe the boneless ribs. They were all good and yummy.Overall great experience and the decor is awesome. The inside is very trendy and the middle looks like a huge open dining hall, but in a classy sense.
This review is for a bachelorette party I hosted as MOH in August. Thank you Buddakan!We had a party of 8 girls, which was the perfect size for the tasting menu we chose ($65 per person).  Note-they offer a few different price levels of tasting menus which provide family style food for the table. There was plenty (more than enough) food for all of us, who had big appetites from traveling from all over the US to NYC for the bachelorette. Buddakan was extremely accommodating to food allergies and lifestyles. The 2 girls in our party, one a vegetarian and the other with food allergies, usually just eat around their allergies without causing the restaurant to accommodate them. However, our waitress specifically asked about such preferences and had our plates specifically made by the chef to accommodate, even supplying and extra vegetarian dish!  Very impressed!The food was AMAZING...highlights would be the short rib and fish, also the whiskey ice cream!We all tried some of the "signature" cocktails and all were delicious, while others at our table stuck to the Vueve Cliquot. Overall this place has a WOW factor, large dining room with gorgeous entry stairway. You do NEED a reservation on Friday and Saturday nights. We ate at 9:30pm and the place was packed!Only negative: 2 people in our party had a delayed train from Boston and they would not seat us until they arrived even though we were buying bottles of Veuve at the bar. Perfect place for dinner before going out to bars in the Meatpacking District. Definitely will go back, very good restaurant for groups/celebratory occasions!
Oh my!!! It's like I would come back to New York just to eat here again. Lovely environment and except for an arrogant bartender in the bar the service was exceptional. And so was the food. I mean the food. It's probably the best food I've had in my life. My boyfriend and I were speechless and just so happy. We had the carrot dumplings (delicious!), developed tuna tartare, blackened beef (OMG!!), lobster fried rice (OMG!!), red snapper and then the chocolate fondant (heaven!!). It's pricy but for food like this you could pay anything!I didn't want to leave...!
Def a Fan of the Soy Dumplings YUM
Amazing service, food and décor! Best dishes are Whole Peking Duck, Lobster fried rice as for dessert must try Chocolate Fondant.
This is by far one of the best restaurant I've tried in New York! It was my first time there and I will definitely back again! What you NEED to try the Edamame Dumplings! The secret ingredient is truffles! They are to die for! We ordered different types of fish and they were all well seasoned (could have used a little more spices). In general, the food tastes light and fresh. You feel full at the end of the meal, but the "comfortable" kind of full. The food didn't take too long and they gave us the right amount of time between the appetizers and the entrees.  The service is good, efficient. It's expensive but definitely worth it.I wasn't really a big fan of the interior, a bit too dark for my taste, you can barely see the food.
As always Buddakan delivered.  I cannot say anything was over the top awesome or horrible.  Just a great meal with excellent atmosphere - typical of this establishment...
Buddakan is a great place to go for a good night out.  Trendy scene, good food, lively atmosphere.   Food we order time after time:Edamame dumplings - I have to admit, I wasn't the biggest fan at first, but I grew to love these.  For hubby though, it was love at first bite.Vegetable Rice - Yeah, it might sound boring since there's so sausage, crab or lobster, but what choice do you have when someone (the hubby) doesn't eat shellfish.  Even though I ordered this begrudgingly, I really enjoyed it.  That coconut foam is great.Sizzling short rib - very tender and falls off at the touch of your forkGlazed Alaskan Black Cod - turned my hubby who was an all meat-and-potatoes guy into a fish guy...Sugar Snap Peas - the tapioca is cool, but you really can't go wrong with any of the veggiesCocktails are always good too.  My faves are Fate and Charm.  And I'm usually not a dessert person, but always end up getting some dessert and tea at the end.  I feel like the desserts change more than anything else on the menu, but they always have some very aromatic and flavorful teas to choose from.It's fun to come here for a night out since there's always a lively scene at the bar.  It's easiest to get a table or reservations in the summer since everyone heads out of the city.  Holidays, like New Year's Eve, are also good here.  Reserve a table, and enjoy the new year celebration with some champagne but without any hassle.My hubby would give this place 5 stars and choose it if we only had 1 choice for dinner in New York because of the entire experience that it offers.  I also really enjoy this place, but I think that there are better places to get some good food.  Maybe this would rate tops in the trendy Asian fusion category, but I can't quite give it the 5 overall...
The food was good. Our favorite dishes were the General Tso's Dumplings and the Black Pepper Beef. We ended the night with a crying chocolate for dessert and it was delicious. The environment is trendy and fun. My only complaints are that the portions are very small for the price you are paying. You also need to make a reservation way in advance. Making a reservation a little less than a week beforehand, we were offered a 5 or 10:30 seating.
Here's another place that I simply "don't get".  It's another great example of a place that is trying to use that "Asian fusion"- moniker on people that don't know any better.  Honestly: the word, "fusion", here, is pure hype.  Indeed, there's a whole lot of  "fusion 'Confusion' " going on at Buddakan.This place serves Chinese food -- plain and simple -- and charges a king's ransom to its' patrons, the majority of which (I'd bet) are visiting New York for the weekend.  Look at the list of reviewers for this place -- most of them are (how can I say this gingerly) from locales considerably more gastronomically-challenged than Manhattan.Buddakan is 2 stars at best.  The food is just OK and the prices are exorbitant.  The place is cavernous, but tries to employ the ridiculous, "its like a club" bs that only works on unassuming visitors.  Among those assembled, the New Yorkers are easy to pick out -- they're the ones that aren't dressed to the 9s.  Those who are gussied-up may be in the "in" crowd...  back home in Dayton.I did check-in, here, last night, though.  I was on the way to the Meat Packing District when a cloud burst hit as I approached Buddakan.  Knowing what a joke this place really is, I walked inside -- in my shorts, Stan Smith sneakers and a bright yellow t-shirt, walking-in like I owned the joint.  I went all the way upstairs simply to hit the bathroom (before something else burst!).  Then, after freshening up, I winded my way throughout the entire restaurant and back outside to continue my walk to The Standard -- and did so just for sport!!  Indeed, it was THE BEST time I've experienced at Buddakan!
I took my girlfriend here for her birthday on a Saturday night. The wait time was minimal with reservations. The décor there was beautiful. The food unfortunately was mediocre. Although I am Asian but you don't need to be to know the food wasn't well executed.
How can I say it? This place is a bit of a wanky joint (translation: douche place) filled with people that want to be seen in the "it" eatery of the Meatpacking district. The menu is about as Chinese as I am...just because you add some weird tangy sauce on a plate with strips of steak it doesn't make it an Asian fusion. Chicken cutlets with some xo sauce does not, in itself, constitute an Asian fusion. I love America. I love the way you guys do Italian food and Mexican food and a lot of other cuisines...but one cuisine that does not translate well in NYC is Chinese food. The best Chinese food I've ever had is Golden Century in Sydney. If you are ever in Sydney, go there. It's a well known establishment and you may have to wait in line but the pipis in xo sauce and the fried squid are literally to die for. Buddakan...eh well at least I can say I've been there, done that. Will never go again. And btw just because you have a reservation at this place, doesn't mean you will be seated on time. Be prepared to wait with other wanky, pretentious people who think they are so cool because they are at Buddakan.
I LOVE this place!  The ambiance is amazing!  The food is exceptional! I've visited this restaurant twice and can't wait to go again.  This is one of the best places to take someone from out of town for a great night out in the MeatPacking district.
Buddakan is a great restaurant to go to if you're looking to impress a date. It's on the expensive side, but the food is delicious!
These dumplings changed my life in the best possible way. Everything we had was fantastic, but my favorite of all was the edamame dumpling. The flavors were amazing, the apps were great for sharing, and we had wonderful service. I'd recommend this place to anyone who loves Asian fare and is game for trying something new. Also, we asked our server for cocktail recommendations, and she didn't disappoint!
Expensive and way too scene - y, but literally everything on the menu is ^$##^# amazing. Notably:Edamame dumplingsFilet of beefCalamari saladTuna tartare "fried" springrollsCrying chocolate cakeI'm obsessed with the drink they make with oolong tea and vodka - but I don't rememeber the name.I go here all the time when I'm feeling decadent.
Came here to celebrate my bday with a couple of friends and even tho we made a reservation we waited about 5 extra mins which was understandable due to the fact we had some special requests. Aside from this everything was amazing! The food was specially great, highly recommend the edamame dumplings and the calamari salad which were by far my favorite. The decor makes for a romantic evening, even the bathroom was beautiful
Pricy and Sceney.  But oh so fun!  I hadn't been here in years and wondered if it had lost its luster.  It hadn't!  It was such a blast.  We didn't have a reso, so we sat at the bar and had such fun people watching.  We figured out the story of the couple across from us.  Poor things, I think they were about to get a divorce.  But everyone else was awesome and festive.   Excellent food and cocktails.  Love the substance and style, which doesn't happen all the time.  I'll be back, maybe for my birthday if I'm lucky.
Mixed feelings about that place but for sure overpriced!! As app we had a tuna tartare that was great, but the edamame dumplings were terrible, tasteless, boring and with identifiable filling.  Lamb with ginger was good. Lobster fried rice ok but a little bit under seasoned. Wagyu was really good, but 40 bucks for 4 tiny pieces with broccoli that seemed frozen was too much. Atmosphere is nice, the restaurant is beautiful but staff is a bit pretentious.
Sexy, date spot.  But too long a wait even with a res.  Might be best for large parties early in the night.
I normally never write reviews but this place was incredible!! The service was outstanding and the food was to die for. Everything we had was great. My bf and I shared a total of 4 dim sum plates and a fried rice which was plenty of food. We had the general Tsos dumplings, boneless spare rib, rock shrimp, lobster egg rolls, and crab sticky rice. In one word INCREDIBLE! We would definitely go back there as the hype surrounding this place was totally valid. The best thing we had were the dumplings. You can't go wrong with those!
Ever been to P.F. Changs?  This is like the city version- better wine list, better dressed patrons, same so-so food (just add "foam").I'm giving this place 3 stars because I liked the wine.  Otherwise, I would give it 2 stars.Anyone who knows anything about Chinese food will probably not like the food here.Here's what I ate-lobster egg rolls- appeared well-made, skin was crunchy yet soft, but they completely lacked flavor.  mao po tofu-  waiter insisted it was spicy, but I still asked for "double spicy".  It was not spicy.  Not horrible, but not great.  Next time, if I want mao po tofu, I'll hit up my Chinese go-to's.tofu with cashews (something like that)-  not so good.  Bland, uninspired, did nothing for me.vegetable rice with coconut curry foam-  this was our favorite dish.  It had thinly-cut mushrooms, pineapple, cilantro .. lots of flavors, in addition to "foam".  Service was good, architecture and design beautiful, but I can't think of any reason to return here.
That bread pudding, though. I mean ... amazing.
My Boyfriend and I were excited to try Buddhakan for Chinese New Year as neither of us had ever been.  We made our reservation on opentable and had already looked over the menu, mouths watering over the many possibilities of tasty things we might try.  My boyfriend is cursed with a number of food allergies, including soy and shellfish, which were stated when we made the reservations.  We arrived, were seated in a rather empty restaurant, handed menus and were told someone would be over shortly to discuss with us his food allergies and menu options.  We ordered cocktails and waited patiently, looking over the menu.  There seemed to be many things that would be fine for him, otherwise we would not have even bothered coming.  To say we were disappointed in how limiting the menu was would be an understatement.  Of a menu with over 60 items (yes, I counted) there were maybe 10 things he could eat.   We new the tofu and shellfish options were out, but it turns out the chef puts oyster broth in almost everything: all of the pork, the duck, and most of the fish dishes were out, as well as pretty much all the rice and noodle dishes, and  the chef could not be bothered to alter any of them.  My issue is two fold.  I get the chef has the right to do what ever the hell he wants in his kitchen, but my boyfriend's allergies are not uncommon.  All possible allergens should be listed on the menu as ingredients.  Also, the restaurant knew of his allergies long before we got there, (and already ordered cocktails) and the proper way to handle this, knowing his allergies severely limited his options, something we would not have known if we didn't ask, would have been to let us know before hand.  Even the charred filet he ordered, which was to come with mustard sauce, was rendered sauceless as dish hit the table, the waiter suddenly remembering it had soy it!  We eat all the time, in all sorts of restaurant from michelin star ranked, to our local noodle shop, having never encountered these sort of limitations.  It was unprofessional, to say the least, and god help anyone who walks in with a shellfish allergy that doesn't mention it to your waiter.  Keep your benadryl handy!
I came here for drinks  appetizers.Everything about this place was great, the food, drinks  ambiance. It has a very classy crowd.A bit pricey if you ask me, well at least for my "budget ballin"...
The hall is beautiful and impressive, which is as good as for diplomatic service. But the food is somehow weird in comparison with traditional Chinese food. The food size is small and the price is comparatively high.
I love the ambience here. They are definitely pricey, but I have been back many times. You are not just paying for the environment because the food here is AMAZING (read: melt-in-your-mouth). My favorite thing to order on their menu is the edamame dumplings and I highly recommend that you try it!
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE we had in NYC!We had: Edamame dumplings (yum!), rock shrimp, and other veggie dishes. I love meat myself, and didn't mind going (somewhat) veg tonight b/c of all the amazing flavors. Staff is very knowlegable, and the food was top-notch. Make reservations! Also, in Chelsea Market, so good place to walk off your meal afterwards.
Ambience is wonderful. The service was great and our server was very knowledgable, had great recommendations and very friendly. All our food was wonderful as I'm sure all the food is there (I got the beef and the sauce it came with i could have drank it was so good) but make sure you don't skip desert! The almond bread pudding was TO DIE FOR. Bananas, butterscotch sauce, whiskey ice cream my mouth is watering thinking about it.
Nonsense there is still this kindof Fancy interior-Not delicious restaurantStill exists.I mean people..Do you guys REALLY thinkThis place is good?Maybe for facebook photo taken toShow off people that "I ate in this Fancy place"But for real?hell no..Wake up people..
Bravo and thanks to Mark Ravin of the service dept of Herb Chambers mini. After winter has wrecked havoc on all of us Mark managed to keep his sense of humor, perspective and excellent service. Thank you!
An early evening before attending a play, a girlfriend and I stopped into Buddakan for a treat. We were seated downstairs in a comfortable corner that allowed us to actually read the menus without sacrificing the sexy, dimly lit atmosphere that makes a restaurant a dining experience.The tuna tartare was made with egg whites in the avocado -- and it was delicious. My entree came artfully displayed, an entire fish crisped in a V shape. Seasoned without being too oily, the Asian veggies side accompanied well.We discovered shortly after ordering that our play was an hour sooner than we had realized. Our waiter expedited the order and we made it in time for opening curtain without a hitch.
I don't get it... This place enraged me.  I walk in thinking I'm going to a restaurant, and it's got a club feel to it... I was immediately annoyed.  Perhaps there were other rooms that didn't feel like a fucking dance floor at Sullivan Room - But this review is based on my experience, right?  The menu, while trying to keep with the fusion idea, I found very uninspiring and nothing of really grabbed my attention.  I had the edamame dumplings as some of the reviews I've read for this place highly suggest them.  Whatever... They fucking creamed the peas... I had visions of whole beans, wrapped in lightly steamed wrappers, but no... They creamed it, and it was like putting baby food in my mouth... Only less flavorful.Next I had the ONLY thing that I found interesting as an entree - Monkfish.  Yes, I am a fan of Monkfish - here, it was served in an uninspired Kung Pao... What fail... What a waste of Monkfish.
Absolutely nothing to complain about. This place is huge you can get lost in here but I did not mind. Every floor has its' own decor. I rarely rate anything 5 stars but Buddakan is  a gem. The food is amazing I don't recall what I ordered since I went for my college graduation in May but the flavors, seasonings , everything is cooked to perfection. I love the dim lighting and the walls with murals. The servers and hosts I had were very attentive and accommodating . The prices are not bad if you appreciate an elegant night with fine cuisine . Definitely dress up but not too dressy . I will continue to dine here for years to come and It has been far too long I can't wait to go again !
We were surprisingly pleased with our meal at Buddakan.  We thought that this popular place may be overrated but that was not the case.  We enjoyed our meal and even took a bag home with the leftover bone for our dog.  The crispy cauliflower lollipops were delicious, ooey, gooey, cheesy savory goodness, however they were logistically challenging to eat, as we couldn't pick up the sticks and eat the crispy fritters as lollipops, we had to pull them off the sticks.  The vegetable fried rice with coconut/pineapple foam/sauce was good, however our plate lacked sufficient coconut/pineapple sauce thus didn't offer us enough of the sweet/savory notes.  The Asian green stir fry was bitingly garlicy, which could be too strong for some.  My husband had the sizzling short rib, which was moist, rich and fulfilling, he thoroughly enjoyed the meal, including the noodles.  Our meal was not flawless but delicious enough that we would give Buddakan another go.
Awesome place. They have the Hogwarts food hall in this sunken section in the center. Seriously. It looks just like the movie. There's a table that can seat like 50. It's got the same dim lighting and wizardy feeling.The food was delicious. It's Chinese food, but better and more authentic than your typical fare. We tried the tasting platter of appetizers. There was an amazing short rib, and a bunch of other amazing things (the short rib was easiest to remember).Then we got lobster fried rice (what an idea!), chinese sausage fried rice, and kung pao monkfish. It was all very good.
It's a very upscale Asian place, where the decor is great with dim lighting that would be great for a date spot.  The staff are all friendly and good looking.  The food itself is just ok in general.  I found the cod was the best thing on the menu, while the much talked about lobster rice being plain and dry.   In summary, a great looking place with hit and miss dishes set at a heavy premium price.
I have been to Buddakan three times and each time was great!  The first time was with three other people and we were able to share a few different dishes.  The other two times I went with only one other person.  The food was just as great but we were not able to try as many options.  My friend and I loved the General Tso's Dumplings so much we almost ordered another plate.  The décor is very pretty.  A great place for a date.  I liked it better than Tao because I felt that it was more gourmet.  It was a pricey meal but definitely worth it!
Amazing atmosphere, great food! And they also had illy Coffee available!
Food was overpriced for a chinese restaurant. It was good but not better than any chinese restaurant I've dined at. You are definitely essentially paying for the atmosphere, decor and the cleanliness of the restaurant.I will dine there again to try their Peking Duck (read reviews and supposedly one of the best) and for the environment (cool hip and clean).
The restaurant is a mega meatpacking restaurant. I'm not sure why you go there unless you have a big party and want a reservation on short notice.  The food is okay.  The decor is a bit outdated.  And it's not cheap.  You don't see NYC locals going here.
Of course this place is famous for hosting Carrie  Big's famous rehearsal dinner before the wedding on Sex  the City.  I had a delicious meal there and it was everything I expected, pricey, delicious, trendy with a great atmosphere. But doesn't leave you sooooo disgustingly full that you can't go out for a night of dancing afterwards. My fav was the lobster fried rice, the Chile rock shrimp. Drinks are pricey- and that's where they get you. But it's def a MUST in meatpacking!
Went for early Saturday evening dinner before show.  A fun, high energy place.  Good service, yummy drinks and nice menu.  Food had nice presentation served with a relaxed pace.
Sexy hip restaurant in Chelsea area. Started with the boneless ribs - quickly served and melt in your mouth good.  Helpful waiter suggested 2 veggies, stir fry broccoli with ginger and steamed mixed greens - ironically felt healthy while eating these and then to the peking duck OMG - my husband chewed with his eyes closed and a smile across his face - Ethereal !!!
EXCELLENT FOOD, AMAZING AMBIANCE.....PRICEY PRICES :)You end up paying for the food + ambiance at Buddakhan.  While the portions are neither generous nor miniscule, every savory bite is worth it.  Recommendations:  Tea smoked sesame beef, Glazed Alaskan black Cod, Whole Peking Duck,General Tso's dumplings, Wok tossed noodles with PrawnsBon Apetite!
Overrated. Overpriced. Nice room. Good place to impress the easily impressed. If good Chinese cuisine is what your after, skip the pretension and head to Mott St.
As good as New York dining gets.Service was impeccable. Maybe some of the best service I've ever experienced dining out in the city.  Our waitress was extremely knowledgable  friendly, went way above  beyond in attentiveness..never had an empty glass, and was always there when we were ready to place an order/ask a question.Food: Amaze. On my yelp profile I say my last meal would be the goat cheese pierogis from Stanton Social (shout out to all the people who know exactlyyyy what deliciousness  melt-in-your-mouth-ness I am talking about!) however. The edamame dumplings from Buddakan may have just tied those pierogis in first place. Think perfectly steamed dumpling with puréed edamame  truffle. Okay never mind. My description won't do it justice. Just know that these are truly some of the best things I've ever had. The Peking duck was also unreal. The rice noodles w/ mushrooms were another excellent pick. (all of our ordered items, by the way, came at the suggestion of the waitress)Drinks: Dont think about it, just order the prosecco w/ pineapple  elderflower cocktail. Just do it. A gallon of this wouldn't be enough!Atmosphere is unbelievably cool  is easily a place where one should think to bring out-of-towners  guests. The place is hugeee but still manages to feel intimate and unpretentious (I'm looking at you, Tao) Bottom line: I was really, really impressed and would recommend it to anyone.  You won't be disappointed.
Only giving this a 3 stars because the food was seriously lackluster. Everything else was spot on. I came here with a group of friends for a joint birthday party that I had with one of my roommates last April (2012). The group was sizable (10-12) and they were able to accommodate us on the long table in the center of the dungeon. I say dungeon because it literally is a cavernous opening in the middle of the floor. Despite this, it makes for a cool eating location because you can look up and see gorgeous stained-glass windows and candelabras hung throughout the main dining room. If you're looking for a good birthday place that can fit a large group of people, taking them here would be a good idea. Just keep in mind that the food is seriously blah-- I hate fusion food to begin with, and this place did not change my usual conviction against fusion cuisine.
This is one of this situation where i m clashing with myself regarding writing  the review.Objectively i can see why this place is getting 4,5 star rating by many. It is impeccably well ran place, with atmospherically magnificent gargantuan dinning room surrounded  by several lounge-y type smaller dinning spaces.Decor - mix of different styles and eras synced very well.They make the best cosmopolitan I had in years ( literally) It tastes as it should and servers do not forget to ask what kind of vodka you want in it. It also comes with the twist of lemon. (Many places in NYC- replaced it with slice of lemon and lime) Peking duck salad was OK, General Tsos dumplings were better as were the Cantonese chicken spring rolls.Wok Tossed Noodles with Prawns were my favorite.( prawns tasted fresh) Mille Feuille is a dessert -a peanut  butter - chocolate base  served with the rose petals - a friend of mine would keep coming back here for it, as for me -  although i enjoyed it i also forgot that i had it the day after.The best part of this experience is walking down the stars to the main dinning room which really looks magnificent.Apart from everything mentioned above- it still lacks the personality and overall ( subjectively) -  this is not my cup of tea.
This place is awesome! The ambience is outstanding, very interesting and trendy. I really like the place.Food - is very very good. I loved it, Iate the lamb chops and were asolutely to die for. I still remember and definetely will go there again. I would love to try everything on their great menu and I love that it is 'tapas style'. The food is excellent, you should definetely make a stop in this place. One of my faourite spots in NYC.Service was average, probaly 4 stars will do.I am giving 4 stars to this place because we had to wait like 40 minutes past our reservation time. It has the worst reservation system ever, cause I cold see a lot of people had the same issue. Other than this convenience, everything was perfect. I was very persistent with the fact that we've been waiting for a long time so someone came to apologize later on, which I think it was a nice gesture. The women a the entrance where only giving childish excuses.
I've eaten at Buddakan in Philadelphia since it opened in the early 90s.  I've also eaten at the Atlantic City outpost several times.  I pretty much expected more of the same when I ate at the NYC location.  My feelings were initially confirmed when I entered and sat at the first bar in the immediate entryway.  That quickly changed after we were led into and seated in the dining room.  To say I was absolutely blown away by the decor and layout is a massive understatement.   It goes beyond words how beautiful this place is. Ultra-cool.  And the food is of the highest quality, better than the original in Philly.  Stephen Starr has outdone himself.
The price you pay is out the fucking wazoo for what you're getting. This ACTUALLY happened once. We ordered tar tar and the waiter took it away before we even touched it. Confused, we demanded what the fuck this nut job was smoking and if he had anymore of that shit. It turns out the portions here were so small that he thought we had finished eating it when there was a "full portion" on the plate. Obviously, he got us a order.I know why people hate this place. It's obnoxious, pretentious to some and the food sucks. You need to understand that this is the place you go when you're planning a more organized get together between a number of friends who are already 1 hour of pregaming in to the night and ready to snack lightly (and pay heavily) before some serious debauch.
The restaurant was really nice, as well as the staff, oh and the food too of course!
I have been to Buddakan a few times before, and every time it was pretty amazing.Great to bring a date or friends. The dim lighting and great music creates a sexy ambiance. The downstairs dining area is so dramatic with the huge chandeliers and big staircase. Great for a big group!Food is Asian fusion and meant to be shared. We had the carrot dumplings, scallops, beef ribs, some veggies.... Wow each dish had so much flavor and we kept saying how good everything was.Drinks a very generous and delicious. Try the Fate... Elderflower, Pinneapple juice, Prosecco.We had no room or desert but from watching our table next to us, it looked divine!
Long story short: some outstanding dishes but way more misses.Cocktails: all way too sweetAppetizers/dim sum: edamame dumplings were insanely wonderful; I want a plate right now! Lobster egg rolls just tasted like friedness, pork belly was overlooked and dry, lobster and crab dumplings were good but not amazingMain courses: cauliflower was incredible (crispy with a subtle spice); short ribs were dry as a bone (how does that happen?!); Chinese sausage fried rice was very one note (sausage being the only flavor); wok fried noodles were a saucey, soggy, salty mess; and the seared beef was tasty but the Chinese mustard sauce wasn't spicy and I'm not sure how the dish is AsianWe won't be back except for maybe beer and edamame dumplings
I've been to Buddakan twice with large groups, and have done the same group tasting menu both times. Everything about the experience has been incredible.Both times that I have been, my group sat at the large center table. We were served a menu that included six appetizers, five entrees and two sides, followed by dessert. Everything was served family-style and was shared among the group.We also chose to do an unlimited drinks option, where everyone had a glass of sake, a glass of wine and a glass of champagne. I'm not sure whether the center table location had any influence on this, but our glasses were constantly filled. I would take a sip of my wine and someone would come around to refill the glass -- it was amazing.All of the food was excellent, and I would recommend this experience to all of my friends. It is definitely a special-occasion dinner though -- our tasting menu with unlimited drinks came out to about $170 per person total. I would also love to go back to try the regular menu, which I imagine would be more reasonably priced.
Beautiful place, exceptional service, amazing food! Worth every penny!
To be quite honest, Buddakan had never really been on my radar until TC contestant Dale Talde started stealing the show!  I had heard that it was a glorified PF Chang and tourist hotspot, but I chose to ignore it and went in with an open mind.We had a 7:30 reservation.  Arrived at 7:20 and was seated promptly.  The restaurant itself is beautiful, breathtaking even.  We sat on the upper level and had a bird's eye view of the entire dining room downstairs with the massive King's table.To begin our night, we started with the Lush sake cocktail and The Aviation.  Hubby commented on the prowess of the bartender.  "This was going to be a treat" I thought to myself.  Boy, did I set myself up for disappointment.  For a starter, I ordered the make your own pork belly bun (which arrived 30 minutes after we had ordered).  The pork was cooked well, but the hoisin laquered on it was a little too sweet.  The napa slaw accompanying it wasn't bold enough to balance it out.  No way could it have stood up to Momofuku, but I still ate it because I was starving!Pacing of service was just terrible.  Because our app was late, we were met with the barrage of entrees just as we were finishing up the first course.  We decided to split between the two of us, the lobster (correction, lack of lobster) and shrimp chow fun; the roasted duck noodles and the Chinese sausage fried rice.  The chow fun was good, but we felt cheated by lack of actual proteins in there.  The duck noodles were also good, but difficult to scoop out and share.  The duck breast itself tasted irony, like it was cut too close to the organs.  Last but not least was the fried rice.  It was ..well fried rice with a fried egg on top peppered with Chinese sausage.  For 10 bucks, I was expecting something more special.  We finished around 8:45.  What had been put in front of us did not entice us to try their desserts, so we left and hit Bouchon on the way home.Overall, everything was good- but I was expecting a lot more.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.
Every time I was there, even thought I made a reservation, they make you wait for at least 20-30 minutes.The last time I was there we ordered a bottle of wine for the table, we got it with really shitty wine glasses (kinda small and unappealing), I thought to myself it was weird that they serve wine with such glasses, very unprofessional, but then I saw in the table right next to us good and big glasses of wine, I asked the waiter if she can get us those glasses as well, but she made if clear to me that If I want a decent glass I need to order a very expensive wine, and she was rude about it. I don't mind spending ~150$ on a good meal once in a while, but I expect a good and kind service - and that place have a snobbish and terrible service.
Went here last Friday at midnight (Halloween) to a friends birthday dinner. We got seated at a corner table, 1/2 Booth across from the SATC communal table.  Service was good, i must say our waitress was very patient with 5 indecisive chatty girls. Cocktails i had the 'Elevation' and trust I was elevated( had to do it :) ) This drink was really good it had a nice taste of ginger and spices *yum* I ordered another which I ended up sharing with everyone at the table because they wanted to know why I was so Happy, they too got it...Onto the food I had the Calamari Salad that was good, the lobster fried rice had 1 bite and bagged it. Dessert was the Screaming Chocolate,  had some type of coffee on the side it was ok. My friend had the lamb chops which she loved, someone else had lobster tail she was raving about it. To conclude our bill was $433.00 not bad for 5girls. I will be back for my now fave drink Elevation. We had a great time!
what we ate - preselected variety of starts, mains, and desserts served family style including dumplings (pork, general tso), tuna tartare spring roll, lettuce cups, chili rock shrimp, spare ribs, sesame beef, black cod, chow funi came here for a large team work dinner a while back and really enjoyed our meal. because of our group size we preordered everything including a large variety of items to suite various dietary restrictions (gluten free, etc). everything was served family style and thankfully there was plenty to go around. we had a huge table in the middle of the restaurant which was an interesting and pretty cool set up. it was really loud though so it was impossible to hear anyone who wasnt sitting directly by you. all of the food was tasty! and goodness knows i ate a lot of it!! i was very thankful that i wasnt picking up this tab though as i can only imagine it was a doozy. would come back here on my own tab though for sure, just with a smaller more manageable group
Almost feel bad to give a two star to Buddakan... Maybe Z and I had too high of an expectation but was let down... My other foodie friend really enjoyed here and I usually trust his touches. Maybe that's why my expectation wasn't met. I was never into any Asia fusion as you can't "fuse" Asian food. They are all so unique, no matter Chinese, Japanese, Korea, Thai, Vietnamese, Malaysian, etc. Buddakan proved me right again. Don't get me wrong, it's definitely Asian food beautifully presented in a nice place, in a very thematic, well decorated restaurant (cell phone reception was bad though...)Edamame dumplings - i really don't like the taste of it... very strange taste. Didn't even finish it. but I do understand a lot of people love it. Just doesn't work for us. Z and I have 99% match in food preference, and that's why we are perfect food partners. Hoisin Glazed Port Belly - i give it four stars but it doesn't top the port belly buns in Ippudo. if you want to get your port belly buns, go to Ippudo. If you don't want to wait 2 hours for it, order it at the bar. Tuna Tartare Spring Roll - interesting combination. but it's not that impressive. Scallion pancake - the braised beef tasted a bit heavy/salty or something. Was expecting the green apple on top of the beef to bring some refreshing feeling to this dish but didn't deliver. Peking Duck - even my trusted foodie friend really like it. I just don't get what's so special about it? I can get better quality and lower price from an authentic chinese restaurant... The Hoisin sauce is too salty and not authentic at all... But the wrap is actually what you are supposed to get for peking duck, which is a very thin slice instead of the bun for the pork belly. The only five star of the night is the Dungeness crab sticky rice. but the time we got to it, we were almost full. But when the dish is good, we will make room. We were expecting Buddakan to be around the same level as morimoto as they are very close in location and we tried them back to back. Will not return to Buddakan...
The decor is great, but everyone else is so-so. Service was mediocre and food was overrated. I like the Chili Rock Prawns and Filet of Beef, but everyone else was kinda underwhelming - especially the Edamame Dumplings.
I had monkfish main and dumplings. The dumplings were great. The monkfish was a little greasy. However, I really enjoyed the ambience. The ceiling was really high. I felt like I was at a Hogwart dining all.
5 star ambience, I loved the decor.  It's dark, classy, and not overly noisy.  The chandeliers in the main dining hall are really something, kind of Hogwarts-esque.  Their bathrooms are really really really dark with beautiful mirrors that you want to take home.  The food met expectations.  There were four of us sharing four plates (three entrees and one appetizer)-Cantonese spring rolls: Yum. Crunchy, not soggy, and the filling was shrimp and chicken.  I thought it was kind of weird how they brought up the appetizer after all the main dishes though.-Tea smoked sesame beef: The sauce was really delicious, and I liked how I could taste a bit of the tea.  The beef wasn't dry, but it wasn't as  moist/juicy as we expected- it was very lean.  Not a bad thing, just surprised us. -Vegetable fried rice: with coconut curry foam.  They do the subtlety well.  You could definitely taste the coconut but the rice wasn't smothered in sauce like normal curry rice.-Mongolian lamb chops: crystallized ginger crust.  I...the lamb chop was cooked great- we got it Medium as our server Edwin suggested (he said they tend to come out a bit raw-er than expected, so medium came out to be perfect).   I don't know if I loved the sweetness of the ginger with lamb, but, hey, try new things right. For dessert...the moscato they have is really good, very sweet (Bricco del Sole, Asti, Italy 2009)Friends got the Crying Chocolate which was...this lava cake thing with a scoop of espresso (?) ice cream and, we think, coffee grounds? It was yummy, wasn't anything astonishing, but presentation was pretty.  The cocktails were generally pretty good across the board. The Solid is good, strong, but if you want something juice-y, the Dream is good.  Service was great, no complaints in that department. However. Come prepared to spend an exorbitant amount of money but leave not completely full.  Portions will probably not be filling if you come with a large group.
Definitely overhyped. I was so looking forward to coming here, and was sorely disappointed. Firstly, the place is EXTREMELY dark. You can hardly see what you're eating, and it kind of feels like you're entering a crypt when you walk down the stairs to your table. A little creepy, like the banquet hall in Disneyland's Haunted Mansion. Foodwise, I did not like the edamame dumplings. The filling was way too soft for me, and I felt like I was eating baby food. Everything else was decent, but nothing spectacular. We ordered the Peking Duck (which was good, but cooked more like a French confit than Chinese duck, which is why I suppose it's fusion cuisine), the sweet and sour pork, the short ribs, 1000-layer tofu (poor choice on my part, but since I love tofu I couldn't resist), and the lobster fried rice. The pork and ribs were probably my favorite dishes. Loved the accent of Asian pear with the short ribs. Didn't get much of a lobster flavor from the fried rice.Despite the darkness, the atmosphere is very hip and trendy, but I think Spice Market's decor is more impressive.
You say Steven Starr, I say I'm in. Everything touched by this restaurateur turns to gold and Buddakan is no exception.  When planning our trip to New York, a stop at Buddakan was my only request.  After a short tease years ago in their Philadelphia location I knew I needed more! Well as you can tell from my 5 star review I was not disappointed.  Dark sexy décor, innovate menu and stand out service from our waiter Mike Lo. Some of my favorite items:- Edamame dumplings - not everyone shared my enthusiasm but I thought they    were creamy and delicious- Pork belly - hello!- Crab fried rice - Kung Pao Monkfish
Food, drinks and ambiance: 5/5! We were advised that the wait time would be 60-75 minutes for Peking Duck as the ducks are fresh. Pretty impressive. We filled our time with delicious cocktails and savory appetizers. When the duck was ready, the Chef came to the table to cut it in front of us and gave pancakes and veggies to make wraps
We came here last night for an early Valentine's Day dinner. Buddakan has been on my list of restaurants to check out for quite some time, so I was very excited. When we first entered through their ginormous doors, the restaurant looked and felt like what I imagined it to be: dim lighting, hip remixes... it screams "Manhattan trendy"! So in terms of the restaurant's look, feel, and service- 5/5.For apps, I originally wanted to order the dim sum tasting for 2, and swap out a few of the seafood items (as another Yelper suggested),  but the waiter told me I might as well order a la carte. To be honest, I was majorly disappointed with the food. I get that I'm paying for the atmosphere, but a lot of the dishes we ordered weren't even that great. This would have gotten a 3/5, but because of how much I liked the restaurant itself, it got a 4.Pork Belly buns: Delicious! As a pork belly bun addict, this dish delivered and with a bit of a twist (spicy shallots). My boyfriend doesn't typically eat pork, and he devoured his!General Tso's Dumplings: Ehh, I would take a pass on this. My boyfriend didn't like the taste either. It's too sweet and the texture was too rough.Black Dragon Chicken: YUCK! Have you ever eaten something expecting it to taste a certain way, but it ending up tasting like something else... and how disgusting it made you feel? Well, I was expecting to taste chicken, but instead I tasted rubbery smoked pork. This chicken has the same smokiness you would expect from bacon or smoked salmon. I found it utterly disgusting!Charred Filet of Beef: We thought this was delicious! The meat is good on it's own, but the mustard sauce really makes this dish. My boyfriend ate the beef without the sauce (typical). Wonton crisps were also very good.Vegetable Rice: The rice was good; the curry okay. For the okay-ness and how small the portion was... $13? Should have just ordered white rice.Truce: I would definitely pass on this another time. I wanted something refreshing but this tasted like one of those lemon grass shots you get at a smoothie place.Solid: A solid whisky drink... ;)Clarity: Delicious! Haven't had a good drink like this in a while...Despite some total misses on the food, I'd definitely want to come back with my girls (who actually eat seafood) to try out some other dishes. Maybe that'll change my rating to a 5...!
Came here for a wedding anniversary dinner. Had the hot Crab  Lobster Shumai and cold Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls as appetizers and Filet of Beef with mustard sauce,Cod with chili eggplant, and Chinese Sausage Fried Rice. Found all the dishes "fusioned" visually creative and palate wise adventurous, although a tad bit too salty for our taste. They also offered a free soy sauce based ice cream when they knew we were here for an anniversary celebration. The ambiance was also interesting and the place was pretty full for a Tuesday night.
First let me say that you must make a reservation. That was our first mistake lol so we had to leave and return another day.Next I'll say to be prepared to spend some money here. The meals and drinks are pretty pricey.Otherwise, you will love it! The food is delicious. The servers are quick and responsive. The ambiance is romantic and very cozy.
While meeting my partner in NY during his work trip we finally made it to Buddakan, a restaurant I had wanted to visit for some time. You can imagine my excitement when he and I were able to get last minute reservations just a couple of hours prior. Everything about this place exceeded my expectations: the ambiance, the food and the very knowledgeable and attentive service. We can't wait to go back!
This place is amazing inside TrendyFantastic ambiance They recommend family style eating Similar to Tao only I would choose Tao over Buddakan any day The food was just so so and the prices were $$$Probably would not recommend
Place to spend your romantic dinner. Spacious restaurant with nice stuff and mouth watering food. Pricey place but it worth it
This place was a bit of a disappointment. The ambience was good..food was ok, but the service was terrible. The waitress was not friendly and we literally had to wave her down for help.
Years ago, Buddakan got some publicity when the movie Sex and the City used their main dining room to film the engagement party scene. Coincidentally, we got seated at the table used in that scene.When you step inside, the main dining room is not visible, but when you get deeper inside, the view, it's spectacular--like the dining room in a palace.  Absolutely stunning.  The hostess tried to seat us on the 2nd floor, which is not part of the main dining room, but before we sat down, we asked about the possibility of getting seated at the King and Queen's table downstairs.  She said yes, and sat us at the very end of this very long table which could probably seat 50 people, no joke.  Huge, brilliant chandeliers.I would have been happy just to *sit* in that environment, but then they gave us menus and we were ready to DINE in the castle!Their menu is one of those kind that will make you want to order everything on it.Here's what we were forced to narrow it down to:EDAMAME DUMPLINGS (4/5) Everybody on Yelp raves about these.  We had mixed reviews at the table.  Some loved them, and some thought they were "interesting".  I liked them and I def appreciate their uniqueness, but I would rather have a traditional dumpling with pork and green onion. There are other dumplings on the menu that were screaming my name. I wouldn't order these again, but you should try them just because they're unlike anything you've had.YELLOWTAIL SASHIMI (5/5)  This dish is very trendy now in restaurants that serve sushi.  Nobu in LA does this dish, and maybe they are the ones that popularized it.  Buddakan really does justice to this very simple dish.  Quality of the fish was excellent and the soy sauce concoction was perfect. Tempted to order another round.LOBSTER CHOW FUN (5/5)  I'm not a Chow Fun guy--my daughter is.  So I was naturally surprised to find it one of my favorite dishes of the night.  The noodles were al dente, and it wasn't too saucy or too dry.  The pieces of lobster were sweet and well dispersed throughout the dish. TUNA TARTAR SPRING ROLLS (5/5) Tempted to order another round.  I lived in Japan for 15 years and have been all over the earth, trying all kinds of food in Japanese and Asian fusion restaurants, and I've never encountered Spring Rolls of this variety.  This is a must order.LOBSTER EGG ROLLS (4/5)  You get three pretty large egg rolls.  The lobster didn't really come through.  In fact, if I was blindfolded, I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be able to distinguish that these were *lobster* egg rolls. That said, they were still pretty tasty.  A bit one note, but still I liked them.  After tasting them, I wished that I ordered the CANTONESE egg rolls.  They were equally talked up on Yelp and the waiter also said they were great.  Next time, CANTONESE for me.SALT  PEPPER SEA BASS (5/5) Beautiful presentation with the head on, crispy and tender at the same time.  Would order again.ASIAN GREENS STIR-FRY (5/5) Perfect little ensemble of your favorite Chinese greens. ASIAN BREAD PUDDING (4/5)  Portion was undersized, but the taste was good.  Definitely not enough to share.CRYING CHOCOLATE (5/5)  This was a molten chocolate cake, again small portion, but I loved both the cake and the chocolate inside.  HONG KONG DONUTS (5/5) Wow, what's not to love.  Freshly fried donuts with dipping sauces.You have to come to Buddakan for two reasons:1.  To see the decor, and experience the ambience of the inside.(Request the main dining room at the huge table.)2.  To taste the food.  There's some talent and expertise in the kitchen here and you have to experience it!No exaggeration, Buddakan is one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.Next visit to NYC will most definitely include a visit to Buddakan.
If you are looking for a exuberant place to have Asian food in America this is your cup of tea. If you watched Sex and the city you will also feel special going to a popular place in a fancy New York neighborhood. It's is he perfect combination of elegance, great ambiance and tasty food. It is a must-to-go.
I have been here before, but by far this was my most favorite and memorable moments. We had a fabulous time from food to service,thanks Kristen. My man has been to the Buddakhan in Atlantic city and he loves the food by far here. From the edamame dumplings to my fav scallops. We will b back since we basically almost live in the city....
I've been here twice and tried many dishes and all I can say is that the food isn't impressive. The greeting staff at the front desk gets 4/5, bar staff by waiting area receives 5/5 and our waiter receives a 4/5. From my experience both times, make a reservation for sure and also don't go too early, you will still have to wait close to your reserved time ( I went an hour early both times and had to wait until my reserved time)For high end Asian food, I still prefer to go to TAO or Mr. Chows. Don't let me review deter you from going. I believe you should always try everyone restaurant twice (for the most part).
You must try this place! It is so trendy and sexy! The decoration and ambiance is just exquisite!The food was truly a treat! We had chicken and beef, Lo Mein and Duck fried Rice! the dessert was amazing, we had the crying chocolate cake and the Hong Kong Donuts! Yum! The best part of this entire experience have been service! Our server Kristy was truly amazing! Super personable, sweet, caring, knowledgable just awesome. Her coworkers were all amazing! They all suggested something from the menu! It felt like you were surrounded by friends! The bartender Spencer was so personable and friendly I just wanted to stay at the bar! I highly recommend this place! They have mastered how to deliver a truly unique experience!
I was really looking forward to coming here. The vibe and ambiance was awesome. Definitely a great spot for drinks and dinner with friends or a romantic night out. We came with a big group of people so our menu was pre fix. I enjoyed a few of the dishes a lot. Such as the edamame wonton, short rib, and shrimp dishes. The desserts were yummy as well. However, the rest of the food wasn't very good at all. The noodle/sorbet/peanut sauce dish, cod dish, tar tar spring rolls had strange flavors and wasn't a big hit at the table at all. So everything felt like a hit or miss. The service was good. Plates changed out, water refilled, drink orders consistently taken. I would probably go back again but more for the vibe than the food.
After hearing so much about Buddakan (2,600+ Yelp reviews?!) I felt obligated to check out the lavish hype for myself. What better time than my birthday?Came with a bunch of lady friends for dinner and had a really sexy time. We ordered various appetizers, noodles, and dranks and went to town. The rock shrimp, tuna tartare spring rolls, and pork buns were my 3 favorite dishes of the night, but everything we ordered was delicious. I highly recommend ordering the dim sum tasting as well. You get a bunch of delicious bites and it's more than enough for 2 people to munch on as an appetizer.I will say that the best part of the whole experience was the ambiance. I don't care who you are -- with grand chandeliers, high ceilings, and luxe club lighting -- you WILL feel sexy. Our waitress was the worst part of the experience. She was so kind at first -- but after we ordered her attitude changed. I could have done without her snarky comments about how we must have eating disorders because we *didn't order enough food.*Look, I understand big bills mean big tips. But this is an expensive restaurant. And assuming we didn't order that dessert because of a collective eating disorder is simply out of line. How does anyone have the gall to say that to strangers?
My friend wanted to come here for her birthday and we all had a very nice time. Decor is very modern - almost a bit too much in my opinion - the entry to the restaurant reminded me of a hotel front desk more than a place you sit down for dinner. Our waiter was very lovely and accommodating. I decided to try their edamame dumplings and the chilled udon noodles. Both were nice dishes - but I must say that I wasn't too impressed by the edamame dumplings. I expected more flavor (?) and reminded me a little bit of the taste and consistency of mashed potatoes inside. Glad I tried them out but I wouldn't order them again. Noodles were nice - I enjoyed the pear sorbet that came with it however I didn't like the ginger "candies" that were shredded into the noodles. Would have preferred real shredded ginger instead of the candy version. It was a good choice though for a hot NYC summer day.
tris and I loved loved loved buddakan. The food and service really sold it, and of course the decor/ambiance didn't hurt. We had a monday night reservation for 7 PM; it def was not crowded, yet the waiters seat you down next to each other just to fill up tables closer to e/o to make it easier for them. This can be a problem if you sit next to a couple who is pretty loud coughs and also if you like your own personal date space *rolls onto floor*. I suggest requesting respective corner tables in the master grand room. nonetheless, the food was amazing. We started off with tea smoked spare ribs and the pork buns. The meat on the ribs was fall-off-the-bone delicious, and I don't think many people order them but it is a MUST. The pork buns were also GREAT! super flavorful and the white steamed bun always hits home for a base. For entrees, I ordered the broken chili chicken and tris ordered the charred filet of beef. Both were delicious, but tris' was definitely the more unique and fave entree. The chicken was good and crispy, but wasn't spectacular. Tristan's steak had a scrumptious, sweet sauce to top it all off. The meat was so thick but tender, really could taste the meat / chew it well. We shared a lobster fried rice, which was a good more bland dish to counteract the saltiness/heaviness in meat. Overall really loved it here. The bathrooms are bomb. Our waiter was EXCEPTIONALLY helpful and knew a good amt of the food knowledge. Would come back to try the chocolate desssert!!
no im not a sex  the city fan...didnt even know this place was part of the showcame here for a night out with some friends and got to tried a lot of dishes.It is definitely a beautiful setting downstair and more modern on the top floor.  Service was great and lovely.if you are looking for a true asian meal...you are looking at the wrong place.  This is modern asian cuisine and more of a finer american taste.  The edamane dumplings were not my favorite and its because i am not a fan of the texture but i heard some people love it.  It's a love hate thing i guess.I did like the General Tso Chicken...a lot of flavor and it had a comforting feeling (kinda like a XLB)...however...be careful...i bit and the soup popped out and got on me...and it was HOT.Tuna Tartare spring roll was delicious as well, generally dont care for tuna but this was definitely good.  No fishy taste but still got the crispy skin.We also got the cantonese sole fish....they took the time to take out the bones but kept the fish intact...again...i generally dont care for fish but my friends were all saying how great it was, so i took a piece.  Again, not fishy at all...well flavored and sauce.I was full by the end of the meal...and out came dessert!I dont remember everything i had but i just remember...i really liked the pumpkin bread with ice cream....it was warm and super moist....cinnamony and all....ok im drooling a bit.Cant wait to see the new menu!
I love this spot. Its great for groups and great for date night as well. The food is always on spot and the service is efficient. It is very pricey so go with your purse strings loose. 2 cocktails at the bar will cost you close tp $40 and the meal itself will be anywhere between $150-$175 for 2 people. The ambience is great. Just the right amount of lighting and music. People really get dressed up to eat here which i have never understood but yes if you go there in jeans and sneakers, you are bound to feel under-dressed. In terms of food, i love the carrot dumplings and vegetarian fried rice. We had their cauliflower lollipop for the first time but it will be on my to-eat list everytime im there. Another favorite in the meatpacking district.
Great ambience - Food ok - let's be honest - fantastic ambience but you don't come here for food - simply honest feed backHave a date - yes for sure to impress herHave great Asian food desire - no Sure clean food good service dishes are ok cannot say - WOW
Amazing food, service and ambience. Must be sure to make a reservation before visiting this elegant an exotic place. Good for groups or  go out on a date with your mate. I totally recommend this place, one of the best places in the area of Meat Packing District, Manhattan.
This place has a great ambiance and is cool to be at- the food is pretty good, but for the price I don't know if it's completely worth it. It's definitely somewhere I'd recommend you going at least once-- it's a very "NYC Experience" type of place.
Came here for NYE - loved the decor and atmosphere. We grabbed a special drink for NYE at the bar before we were seated on the second floor. Ordered the Gen Tso's Dumplings, Yellowtail, Jumbo Shrimp, and too many cocktails! I'll be back!
Wow can we say amazing. One of my husbands friends who lives in New York took us to this place on our first day in New York. I would not have guessed what awaited us, as I almost passed by the front door without even a glance. The doors were huge, but it definitely is not a place you would notice from the street if you were just passing by.Oh wow this place was busy! We literally put in a reservation 5 hours before we could  come in for dinner. It's a bit hard to explain, but it had a relaxing yet hopping atmosphere. The decor is outstanding! The chandeliers are in itself worth it!  If you are looking for an upscale french/asian feel, this place is great. I love the door frames and windows, so much fun!The food is more expensive than what my husband usually spend, but then again, we are more of the "homey whole in the wall burger place" type people. This was something new for us, and I must say a great way to end a night in New York! The waiters we were in contact with were beyond helpful, especially since it was our first time there. I actually believe these were some of the friendliest waiters I've ever had.I have to say, you get what you pay for. I literally cant say one thing negative about the food. Literally perfect on everything, I only wish each plate could have had a little more on it! So darn good! We purchased the fillet, scallops, stir fry, rice, chicken, and gyoza.   It was my first time eating scallops, and I think this place has spoiled me! Too good and I probably won't get anything like it for years to come.
Had an amazing birthday dinner here with my fiancé... We both loved the ambience, the cocktails and the food... The service was also very fast and commendable. Planning to take more friends to this place
Fantastic food, fabulous setting, ok-ishly priced.. the perfect place to go if you want a bourgeois night out in Chelsea! The only let downs are the staff! They are twits and a bit douchey. But the food makes up for it!
Amazing food and service! Dined on a Sunday night (Labor Day weekend) without reservations at 7pm, was seated immediately. Ordered the Bo Bo plate appetizer which was great. The spare ribs were delish but temperature was lukewarm. We asked our waitress, Alexandra if they could be warmed up but she was very apologetic and immediately brought us a whole new Spare Rib appetizer dish. Very impressive and so unnecessary but delighted, nonetheless.The Charred Filet of Beef was a bit dry (prob my fault for ordering Med-Well) but it was served with some kind of butter sauce and a spicy mustard sauce both of which made the beef juicy and delish. My husband ordered the Jumbo Shrimp, very good as well. The Chilled Udon Noodles with the peanut sauce was awesome with our entrees! For dessert, Sorbet and the Upside down Peach Summer cake were solid and very good but by that time, we couldn't finish the cake and barely took a couple bites. The hostess whom we noticed was walking around often, asked us if we did not enjoy the dessert. We explained the cake was great but we were stuffed. She graciously asked to remove our plates and said she would remove the cake from our bill since we barely touched it. Yet again, totally unnecessary but very pleasantly surprised.We enjoyed our experience: ambiance, drinks, food and service. Alexandra was terrific! Extremely pleasant, professional and helpful. We will return for sure!! There's so many more dishes to try!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this restaurant! My friends and I went there last night for dinner and it was beautiful! The servers and hostess are so nice and the food is AMAZING! They have the best calamari salad EVER and the cashews are a great touch! I also love how they bring the food out family size and in decent portions! Very very beautiful place I love it!
I went here with my boyfriend.  I guess it's kind of romantic, since it's really dark downstairs, which helps when you don't want to see somebody's face.  Ordered edamame filled dumplings as an appetizer.  They were amazing.  Also I really enjoyed their special cocktails.  However, I was overall disappointed with my entrees, which I felt were greasy and kind of similar to typical Asian takeout restaurants, not a higher class dining establishment.  I'm not really interested in going back.
Went to dinner with my sister and friend and had an amazing time. Loved the decor of the restaurant. The cocktails were amazing (my favourite was charm). The food and the service was too notch. Highlights for me were the boneless spare ribs, the monkfish and the crying chocolate dessert.
This place was amazing! loved the atmosphere and the food was pretty good. Overall I thought it was a bit pricey but it's ok to do fancy once in a blue.This is def good place to celebrate anything special such as birthdays. In fact, I celebrated my birthday here with a couple of friends and it was a blast. Would definitely be coming here again.
Can't recommend the chili rock shrimp and crying chocolate enough! Love that they serve family style. Service was great too. Will be back for more!
If you are a fan of asian dining combined with some club music , buddakan is the place to go. The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous and sets a very romantic ambiance. The staff including the waiters and bartenders and very friendly and attentive unlike many other places in NYC.
We came back after two years with a friend that was visiting. And we found out that the place is worse than ever, it needs to be remodeled asap.I will never be back to this piece tourist trap shit. I am disappointed with the ambiance and specially the food. After waiting 30 minutes in the bar and buying expensive and not that tasty drinks (Tranquility sucks) we were seated at the back salon, which is horrible, it looks like an airport lounge. The decor is dated, you could hear the other group's talking. This place is cougar town version tourist., out of fashion. They ran out of glamour. Sarah Jessica Parker sucked it dry.the food couldn't spicier, and heavier. The next day i went 4 times to the bathroom in 1 hour. My body needed to cleanse after that toxic food. it seemed everything was refrigerated cause each plate we asked for, they bring it to the table one minute after.   From 2 stars to 0. Overrated,  its time for this place to end. The ironic is that Hakkasan (read my review) is much better than Buddakan. It's a shame that Hakkasan is empty.   This kind of places are for a quick drink at the bar and for a quick walk at the location. I will never go back to this crap nor recommend it to anyone else. Skip it.
This is a place to splurge.  The decor is trendy and the service was outstanding.  We ordered the dim sum sampler which gave us a tasting of: shrimp toast, tuna tartar rolls, shrimp spring rolls, carrot dumplings and short ribs.  Everything was delicious.  My favorite was the shrimp toast and my hubby loves the carrotDumplings.  Everything was extremely flavorful.  We split the filet beef and chili chicken with the mushroom noodles.  Everything, again, was delicious.  The filet was unbelievably tender and the chicken well seasoned. The menu is a bit pricey but I am happy to say it is well worth it.  We didn't have room for dessert but they looked good from the menu.  Our server, Ryan, was absolutely wonderful.  He was knowledgable about the menu and guided us well.  He was super attentive in a great way throughout our dinner.  The restaurant was difficult for us to see even though it's to the right of Chelsea market.  The sign is dark.
Impressive decor, gorgeous food, good service, yum yum yum! I use this place to impress any out of town guests, and it never fails. The decor alone is enough to elicit a gasp of delight when I take Londoners in. It's done on a massive scale with lots of different rooms (I always ask for a table in the main dining room which has huge chandeliers and a very long communal table, or the red Chinese room at the back, which is opulence personified).  I also try to get a drink in the bar before going through - it's very sexy and their cocktails are amazing. My personal favourite is the 'Fever', although I may be in the minority as it contains jalapenos..! So, on to the main course - the food. It is, in my humble opinion, superb. I often focus on getting more appetisers than entrees/mains, because I love sharing lots of little dishes. Not that any of the dishes here are little actually! The highlights for me are the edamame dumplings (they taste like 'green'!), lobster egg rolls (crispy on the outside, sweet on the inside), tuna tartare spring rolls (so simple, but divine!) and the crispy calamari salad. I also love the lobster fried rice, black cod and the short ribs. Be careful not to order too much - the portions are on the large side and everything looks so good that it's easy to get carried away and order a mountain. The staff are usually great at recommendations and gently suggesting that perhaps you don't need 24 dishes between three of you... The service is elegant and thoughtful, never hurried and always warm and friendly. Yes, this place is quite pricey if you go overboard with the number of dishes and drinks, but honestly, like L'Oreal says... you're worth it!
From start to finish, this place was Amazing. I waited for a friend in the bar/lounge area. Super cute staff, and nice. A bit loud for my taste, on a weekday night, but do-able none the less, it's NYC.Great drinks and food was mouth watering, taste-wise, and presentation. Top Notch! Wanted to take pictures of everything...so I did.Great menu, pricey, as expected, but worthwhile. I never get dessert, BUT I did here..got the tri-color sorbet, which was refreshing! Definitely coming back.Only downside was that there is no cellular reception downstairs, and the bathrooms could be a bit nicer, and not just fit 1 guest each. This place is huge so I expected bigger bathrooms, I was waiting in line for at least 5 mins.Anyhow, overall, I'd definitely come back, and try out more of their veggie options...and more dessert too! :)
One of my top restaurants for special occasions. Have lived nearby for 6 years and love to go there when I'm feeling flush and want to take advantage of some of the best food in the city. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
LOVE this place. It has become very touristy but still a beautiful and sexy restaurant with delicious food and excellent service.
This is a must try if you're in meatpacking and looking for a sleek, Asian fusion spot with good drinks and food! We started off with cocktails - get anything off the cocktail list and you will be golden! Then we ordered edamame dumplings, which hit the spot. Seriously, they melt in your mouth and you can't stop. For the main meal, I got the wild mushroom chow fun with garlic. It was the perfect balance of spicy, salty goodness. I think the main courses are something you can get anywhere, but the dumplings and cocktails are unique. Plus, you can't beat the atmosphere. With dim lighting and beautiful chandeliers in the main room are something to definitely take in and enjoy. I would recommend it for a fun night out and some tasty dishes. You can't go wrong!
An easy 5 star experience. Buddakan features contemporary Asian fusion cuisine is served in an eclectic setting. Visitors are deceived by the small, almost unmarked façade of this restaurant which opens up to an enormous Baroque style dining room. Be sure to sip on the "Tranquility" drink while you enjoy chili rock shrimp, soft crab fried rice, and a mean almond toffee bread pudding. Keep an eye out for the decor details, they are as unique as the food served here. I will definitely be back to try more menu items and more cocktails!
I REALLY love this place. I have been at least a handful of times and it's always consistently good. Perpetually trendy, Buddakan has this sexy and swanky vibe to it.The place is massive with seating on the main level (some tables are communal) as well as downstairs. Our waitress was helpful with answering our questions about the wine and food selections. Portions are on the smaller size but we ordered a medley of items.This is what we had:Edamame dumplings---if you have to try anything, this is a must. I've tasted edamame dumplings elsewhere and although good, it doesn't compare to Buddakans. These little pockets of mashed edamame sitting in a shallot broth is to die for.Tuna Tartare--again very good, but similar to tuna tartare I've had at other restaurantsHoison Glazed Pork Belly--this was fantastic. It's more like make your own bun as the ingredients are served on the dish separately. This was very flavorful and deliciousGlazed Alaskan Black Cod---this was fantastic--delicate and flaky. Tasty but not salty--a must try.Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice--this was really amazing. Not a large portion, it was served on a crab shell. Almond Bread Pudding--this was delicious but mainly tasted like banana bread pudding which was fine with me. It was served with a side of whiskey ice creamWarm Chocolate Ganache---decadent and served with a little scoop of ice creamOur meal was accompanied by some good wine.All in all, you'll run up a tab at Buddakan but it is quite the experience.I like everything about it and would recommend for everyone to try it at least once.
Since our 1st visit to Buddakan in 2010 my hubby and I return every chance we get.  Most recently we had dinner and drinks in the lounge.  It was a last-minute decision and we were very lucky to score seating on a Saturday night. There are couple square communal tables in the middle of the lounge and small booths throughout.  We opted for the communal seating even though a couple tables were open.  Our friends were meeting us later and it was a much better option.  Plus, it's such a fun  friendly vibe so it didn't hurt to share a table with other patrons.The Edamame Dumplings are still a staple.  We recommend this appetizer to every one we know and they always love it.  Our latest discovery was the Shrimp  Lobster Chow Fun - absolutely amazing!!  One dish I won't order again is the Tea Smoked Wagyu.  I much preferred the Sizzling Short Rib and Black Pepper Beef for a meat dish.2 favorite cocktails - Haze and Charm.  Haze is Buddakan's take on a Lychee martini, except it's made with Sake and Gin.  Very easy to drink and has a nice kick.  Charm is a sparkling cocktail mixed with passion fruit liquor and fresh berries.After dinner, and a few cocktails, my hubby wanted to order a bottle of sake while we waited for our friends.  He did not ask for a Sake/Wine menu and instead inquired if they carried Nigori Sake.  Our waitress said yes and brought out a bottle.  Much to our surprise it was not the same type of Nigori my husband had in mind.  Our waitress assured us that it was a great choice and it's their best bottle of Sake.  I saw the worried look on my husband's face transform.  He's no cheapskate, and we typically order a bottle of wine or champagne when dining out, but he always knew how much they were prior to ordering.  The 'best' bottle of champagne could easily top $1,000 in some restaurants.  Lucky for him, their best bottle of sake was under $100.  The sake was smooth and slightly sweet and he was happy with the selection.  Though I'm sure he was happier when he saw how cheap it was. Moral of the story - always ask to see a bottle menu before ordering. ;)If you want Asian fusion food and/or Dim Sum with delectable cocktails in a stylish and lively establishment then, Buddakan is the place for you!  Prices reflect the entire experience so dim sum options are much more expensive than usual.
The interior is reminiscent of the initial scenes of Inception, perfect mixture of lounge and restaurant. It's loud, so don't plan on catching up with people you haven't talked to in a while here. GET THE EDAMAME DUMPLINGS! They are fantastic, it feels like a pâté and it's this fancy schmansy serving plating with only 5 dumplings, so if your splitting it, go ahead and take the last dumpling for yourself. Everything was ridiculously good. The waiters were entertaining and very knowledgable too. Overall faaaaantastic I can't wait to go back.
Buddakan is an amazing place! Huge, different styles for different rooms... Full staff all the time (you won't be by yourself) very professional and delicious food. I was very impressed the first time i ve been here. The girl who was serving me was a little bit to arrogant but still pro. If you want a night upscale and not that expensive, that's the place!
Great Asian fusion place. An excellent ambiance. The dinner was delicious as always, one of My favorite dish is the shrimp chili! The beef in pepper was so god just melts in your mouth!
Buddakan is a great experience all around.   The food portions are very small and the prices are high but the overall ambiance of the place along with the quality of the food are both very high.  A great example of modern Asian Fusion.   It's tough to go wrong with anything on the menu... just don't expect to leave full.
Let's break it down...Food: Wow. I asked myself how could a place this large and busy w/ all it's hype live up to it's rep. It can. I will say this about TWO and ONLY two dishes - 1) Edamame dumplings, 2) Chili rock shrimp - out of bounds flavor, hands down delicious, seriously incredible. If you come here w/o getting them those apps, lets just say you blew it. Atmosphere: Wow. Seriously. Probably what it's known for. Not many places in the city like it. Hits everything from romantic to clubby, upscale and trendy to everything else in between. Service: To call our waitress knowledgeable of the menu is a stretch. However in a place this large, her individual attentiveness and overall service experience was superb.  Drinks: Overpriced and nothing fancy. They'll have what you'll need (full bar). However to call their drinks creative, inventive, different - well that would simply be a lie.My recommendation: Come here. Seriously just do it. Why your still reading this review is beyond me. Get up and go. Bare in mind, you will be wowed all around, otherwise you have a screw missing. Everyone who knows about modern NYC eating knows about this spot - it's an institution and unless they screw it up - it will continue to be.
The oxtail dumplings are amazing.  Service is good.  Great ambience.  The noodles are to die for.  Overall amazing spot!  Make reservations.
Number one ambiance! Good food! Excellent service! Try the Raw tuna rolls. If you want to have a great time with friends this place is beautiful.
Edamame dumplings, tuna tartare spring rolls, rock shrimp.... I know, so much fried, but it's so good, just do it.
Althought I went there with my friends, it's a Perfect date place as well !! Amazing ambiance and every item on the menu is just yummy !!!They add their own twist to the recipes which I like but a few ppl would complain about :/ ( well you can't please everyone, can you ? Plus some people will always crib 3:( ) ...  Everything is on the pricier side but let me tell you its all worth it :)I loved this place and will definitely keep going :D Definitely for a date next time ;)
Love it, the food is amazing, the place is beautiful, going again next week
The thing I'd have to say that I loved most about Buddakan is the atmosphere. The main dining area has these three massive gorgeous chandeliers hanging from super high ceilings, the sight was really quite breathtaking. Also it's very upbeat and loud, almost like a club, and well most people dressed like it was anyway.The most memorable dish here, besides the amazing Crying Chocolate cake for dessert, was definitely the Edamame dumplings. They were amazing, and unlike anything I've ever had before in my life! TBH, now that I think about it, the appetizers here are definitely better than the entrees. We also tried the Chili Rock Shrimp and Pork Buns, which were delicious, but just don't live up to their hype IMO. The one thing that I actually did NOT like was the lobster fried rice; it was so bland, and there was barely any taste of lobster or lobster meat?! Ugh, so not worth the $13-$14 price tag.But honestly this place is for the experience, and in the end, it was all quite worthwhile. Oh and be sure to make a reservation prior to coming so you're guaranteed a seat downstairs in the main dining area, otherwise you'd have to settle for the bar/lounge area or just wait. Our wait wasn't bad at all (~15 min), but I think it's because we got lucky.Oh and beware, the waitress actually semi-forced us into ordering more because supposedly what we originally ordered wasn't "enough"...so I don't know about coming here say, just for the appetizers or desserts, which is what I'm considering for next time.
Great food! The lamp chops and lemon chicken were fantastic! And for dessert the crying chocolate cake was quite delicious! However just don't expect big portions.
we had dinner at an amazing restaurant tonight.  The name was "Arco" and we were waited on by the owner "Danielle".  what was special about this experience was the food was delicious, the service impeccable and when the bottle of wine which was already half priced for the weekdays, was not what I liked, they immediately took it back and suggested an equal value wine which was great!After a 3 course dinner, we passed on the desert, but Danille offered us a complementary desert called  Semi- frado Amaretto which was a great substitute for the Tortuffo I love.  The bill which could easily have been $30 more was the right price with the right offering and tastes.  Hats off to the new owners for making us feel so welcome in the cold snowy night in NY! thank you!!
everything is good there.Food ,ambience,service. Is very big and very beautiful,they have different room so u can go many time and fell like u never been!Love it.And they close late the kitchen
I went here with a big party (about 10-15 people), so my review may be a bit different from others. My friend - who is pretty on point when it comes to organizing any large get-together - had reserved well in advance for our party. However, it took a long time to get seated (it was a thursday night), and they kept telling us "5 more mins" or the like, but we'd wait longer. We got seated 45 minutes after our reservation time (and that's with all of us having already been there). This is a pretty popular place, though and towards the end of the week, so I could understand the difficulties, although 45 minutes felt a bit too much of a wait. Our waiter was really great though, and the food was delicious. Some stuff we ordered included the shrimp shumai, pad thai, wontons... it was all so good! While the vibe, music, and cozy feel to the place felt nice, there is a still a more "uppity" kind of feel (well, we are in Chelsea...), save for the culturally appropriated Buddha "styles" (and name!)....adds to my personal distaste for profiting off it, and through heavy pricing!
The restaurant has a very conspicuous facade and you might miss it if you walk by at night without paying attention. once you walk in it's very hard to see since they love to keep the atmosphere very intimate. you are greeted with a handful of hosts and hostess' lined up behind a long counter that resembles a hotel check in. if you have reservations, which i highly recommend because this place is popular, they would most likely seat you within 1-3 minutes. otherwise they will ask you to wait in the lounge area behind a dark curtain. the lounge area is again very dark but lots of seating and a really nice bar!i advise asking for seating downstairs because the top floor is very boring and you don't get to experience the true appeal of the restaurant (and that's what you're really paying for)The food is mediocre for the price you are coughing up. the portions are small, which requires you to spend at least $100 for a party of 2 if you want to be moderately full. If you pick an appetizer and drinks, you can look at a bill closer to $150-$175. Due to the price the food is alright, otherwise the food is full of flavor and i'd recommend the sticky rice in the crab shell (excellent!) Overall- the food is tasty but over priced, the atmosphere is very romantic but could be very loud if you have a large group next to you. the service is great and the waiters are very attentive and pleasant.
Love this place for the food and the ambiance. It's a real event. And delicious. And lots of fun!
Tried the Philly one and was a little disappointed with service, but the NY one is on point.
This place is a must for all my visitors. Gorgeous place, the main dining area is stunning. Great food... There's nothing I'd say not to order! Favourite thing on the menu is the pork belly/pork buns. Wow! Always order 1 main less than you think you need, it's family style dining and big portions and you need  to make room for that bread pudding! YUM.
We had some business meetings with a few people at The Food Network next door (in Chelsea Market) and decided to go to Buddakan for some post-business appetizers and wine.  I can tell you that if you want to have an incredible dining experience anywhere, take along some friends who work at The Food Network.We were introduced to the manager, who offered to let us meet the chefs (which we regretfully had to decline, based on the timing of our flight out of LGA).  He also sent over several appetizers that weren't on the menu yet, along with many that were.  We really enjoyed a large variety of flavors, proteins and seasonings across many of the dishes that came to our table in regular 9 minute intervals.  Just as soon as we had tried one or two items from one dish, another would be arriving to replace it.  The edamame dumplings literally do "melt in your mouth" while filling your palate with a creamy texture of goodness and savory flavor.  The pork belly savory rolls were also fantastic, as were the spare ribs.  Other people at the table were enjoying several seafood items (which I don't eat) and they were raving about it.While we were there, we saw Dog the Bounty Hunter and his wife walk into the restaurant and be escorted to a table in the lower level.  Please don't let this negatively affect your opinion of the restaurant.  It actually is quite fabulous and the service is top notch.  The ambiance and decor are really gorgeous and a site to behold, as well.  I really want to come back here and have a full meal sometime soon.
Was told this place was good. First I must say it's a beautiful restaurant but the food is terrible.  Ordered the shrimp so overcooked they tasted like rocks.  Not impressed with the food in this overhyped restaurant.
I came here twice and each time the food, service, and staff were excellent.  Try the general tso chicken dumplings!!
The food is absolutely incredible and service is pretty great as well! Beautiful atmosphere and  not a terrible price point considering the quality of everything.
More like 3 1/2 stars....only because I thought the  all the tables are close together and felt no privacy. I was literally squeezed into my table and the people next to us felt like they were on my table. All seating was like that. Service four stars, food four stars, drinks were excellent and music was good. But dark and not private at all.  I ave tried lots of NYC resturant and I still feel that steakhouses and French food is the only places worth going.
I have been looking forward to eating at Buddakan since I don't even know when... years! My boyfriend took me for my birthday and it was a great experience. The interior of the restaurant is so cool. A fusion between western and eastern architecture/interior design. We couldn't stop looking at all the details of the decor. We dined in the main dining hall downstairs and it was beautiful.Started off with the Edamame Dumplings. I can see why people either love it or hate it. I loved it because the texture didn't bother me. It was different and refreshing. My boyfriend on the other hand couldn't get over the texture so I ended up eating them all. More for me! We also had the Chili Rock Shrimp which was also delicious! For our entree, we had the sizzling short rib. Tender, moist and flavorful! The mushrooms and chow fun that came along with it (which was a very small amount) were good as well.We are definitely planning to come back to try their duck, pork belly and fish dishes. Also, I can't say enough about their decor. Loved the atmosphere and really enjoyed dining here.
Best Lunch in Red Bank,   I hang out there every time I visit my Red Bank clients.   The place is just cool.  Miguel rules, so does the boss man, the cute girls are great too.
I'm giving 3 stars for the decor and desert only!!! Let's start by the reservation, I had a 8:15 reservation for 2 and when I got there at 8:00 they told me I need to wait in the lounge. Sounds great, but the lounge is their selling point. They gave us the drinks menu and wanted us to order something from there. We waited for a while and the servers keeps coming back to take orders rather than get us seated. After 15 mins we ordered and then had our drinks for another 10 mins, we still were not seated. When I asked one of the servers, they said all reservations pushed back. I went to see around and there were like 6-7 tables empty. After complaining about empty seats, they offered us tables.Now comes the food, we got the duck fried rice, edamame dumplings, sautéed cauliflowers, pork buns and the sizzling short ribs. Mind you, they are all mediocre taste. You are paying for the decor and not for the food. Service was alright but not the best being a upscale spot. Lastly the desert was the most the most amazing thing I've ever had. It was the bread pudding. If you are here, the pudding is the only best thing. Overall, I would come here for the desert. That's all.
Buddakhan was a phenomenal dining experience. I had come across a few yelp reviews that described the atmosphere as 'sexy'. Was not sure how that adjective fits a description for a restaurant but it definitely lived up to it. Very swanky and unique decor. The service was great and loved that it was family style so there are opportunities to try many items on their fantastic menu. They also had a very cool cocktail menu. Hard to pick the highlights because frankly everything we tried was pretty impressive. Some things that stood out were the pork buns (melted in your mouth), the sea bass (cooked perfectly), calamari salad, and tuna tartar spring rolls. Other items that we ordered that were great were: tuna tartar app, sizzling short rib, chocolate cake, rock shrimp and edamame dumplings. The almond bread pudding was also a highlight. While I don't usually like bread pudding, this one may have converted me. Overall, I would say Buddakhan is a must for city foodies!
Service is great, decor is beautiful, however the food is just ok as far as entrees. I went there last week for the second and ate the beef w/ white rice, it was just ok but the dessert was better. I got the almond bread pudding with whiskey ice cream. The most delicious bread pudding I've ever had.
Have been here twice with coworkers for a fancier happy hour and dining experience.  I always gravitate towards anything dumpling and that's what I've gotten here both times, the rock shrimp is good not great but the tuna tartar is on point.  The drinks are good... Last I was here i ordered a bottle of wine and enjoyed it with 3 others.  Def worth experiencing once!
Loved this place. It was very an adventurous  restaurant. The food was great. Pork belly steam buns were perfect.
Amazing restaurant. Fabulous food, professional  attentive staff, beautiful space.
Location and atmosphere was nice. Service was outstanding. Antipasti plates, bread  cheese straws plus the pasta we ordered as an appetizer were delicious
"Amazing food, stylish place, great atmosphere!"We were traveling to NY and met friends for dinner, we were two couples and our friends made a reservation at 8pm. The hostess were polite even thought our table was ready only 20 mins later. We waited in the lounge area and didn't feel the delay since we had a lot of catching up to do. Our table was located in the upper area of the restaurant, which was nice, however for next time we will definitely ask for a table in the lower level of the restaurant. We really liked the design of the interior and the low lighting which was not too dark but also created a very chic and trendy ambiance. Our waiter was nice, but with a slice of attitude. He recommended us to order a bunch of dishes and just share everything- and so we did. Our order included mainly dumplings and one red tuna tartar spring roll starter, beef filet and the black cod. The spring rolls were just amazing, the tune inside was fresh and chill and went really well with the crisp of the roll (which wasn't oily at all). One of the biggest surprises was the edamame dumplings- when I read the description on the menu I must admit it sounded a bit lame and not exciting at all. Me and my boyfriend eat out a lot, really big fans culinary and travel especially when we travel around the world (which we did a lot) so it is really hard to amaze or surprise us. Luckily our friends ordered thsi dish, and OMG, the first bite was just unforgettably. I cut the superlatives to describe it- just order it when you there and you will know what I'm talking about. The carrot dumplings, jade shrimps dumplings and the chicken dumplings were great as well. The cod fish was also incredible and melted in our mouths, however the beef filet dish was just OK. We also shared one dessert- the chocolate fondant, that was good as well. The presentation and the aesthetics of the each dish was very simple yet sophisticated, a real eye candy. All in all, we ordered 10 dishes, 1 bottle of Sake (750ml) and a cocktail and our bill came to 300$ including service. Can't wait to go back to New York and dine there again
Glazed Alaskan Black Cod with chili eggplant and black bean relish = delish. Flavorful and tender, decent portion size.
There is no comparison, Buddakan in my opinion a nice place to have a delicious dinner . You can get a good food, great ambiance, expect the very best in service, cleanliness and courtesy at good prices.
It's been a while since I've been to Buddakan, actually, it's time for me to make my rounds to Buddakan again, because I like this place.  It's really nice, and you don't necessarily have to wait for a table or make a reservation.  There is an area in the front of the restaurant (the bar area) where it's much easier to get a table, or just have a drink at the bar.  Last time I came I had a mixed specialty drink and the noodles with mushrooms.  Actually, the noodles came out to be a much bigger portion than what I expected.  The music is nice, the ambiance is nice, and the food is good, will be there again soon.
Was severely disappointed by the service and all of teh plates were over-priced. That being said the food was pretty good and the architecture of the place is fascinating. This place would be 3 or 4 stars in most any city, but in NYC it is definitely not worth revisiting.
Went to the wall township store and was very happy to meet the salesmen Michael.! He was extremely well versed in the appliances we were interested in. We purchased a complete kitchen set of appliances. We were given complete attention and spent 3.5 hours making our decision. He answered all of our questions in very professional manner!. We never felt any pressure. We would, recommend this to everyone!...  Ken Burdick, Red Bank. NJ.
I went back in June 2010 and still have the experience on my mind! It was THAT good. My boo planned the entire ordeal and let me say I was WOW'd!.We had reservation for 7--after work crowd...very crowded but not overwhelming. We were seated right away...downstairs in a very cozy dim lit table. Our server was great and seemed very genuine abt the menu choices etc. I had the duck for app(wasn't bad as this was the 1st time I had duck) and sweet n sour chkn for entree--very good!The decor is really nice and the place is huge! Definitely doesn't look that way on the outside. If you are looking to impress someone and wanna enjoy some really good food, this is the spot to go!
Advisory: No pretentious soliloquies about the awe inspiring Blah blah blah. BILL ($118) 1 app, 2 entrees, 1 cocktail, 1 cappuccino, 1 tea, 1 dessert, 1 side dish. Crowd: hip 20 something's and tourists in-the-know. Service: friendly, attentive, and did not rush us at all. FAMILY STYLE SERVING. Drinks: HAZE- Plymouth Gin, litchi and sake: Very good, thick and sweet. Had 2!!Atmosphere: Everything is overdone and Beautiful! Chandeliers and ornate walls, smaller tables are not in the fantastic center but tucked away in a more ZEN-inspired seating area. Still nice... Felt a bit touristy, but had more than its fair share of hip sex and the city-cocktail-sipping-barely eating crowd too. Food:- Edamame Dumplings: Amazing! My boyfriend was put off bc the Edamame filling was puréed but I liked it. (4 Dumplings) -Black Peppered Beef: the rib eye was cooked well and was very juicy and tender. -Mongolian Lamb Chops: My favorite! Cooked medium, crystallized outer layer. Perfect combination of sweet and savory! I loved it! Only downside was the portion was too small for how much I wanted! -Chinese Sausage Fried Rice: overly large bowl of fried rice, cooked egg, and sausage. basic but good. DESSERT!-Crying Chocolate: Oh so rich! The jasmine tea ice cream was delicious and the cake had a chocolate shell with malted chocolate ganache filling. Both were amazing, decadent, and enough to share due to not needing a lot because of the richness of it. Would go again, not too expensive... But could be if you aren't prudent with the small and expensive (~$20) appetizers.
So we were visiting New York City and had a reservation for dinner.  We got stuck in traffic and called to let the staff know.  They were gracious and kept a table for us!  On top of it, we also had tickets to a concert and they kept track of time all the while serving a fabulous meal!  The ambiance staff food-----all a class act!  I look forward to our next visit and highly recommend 10 stars!!!
Scrambling last minute to find reservations, I called buddakan and lo-and-behold they had a 5pm on a Saturday night for 10 people. With my recent Yelp devotion, I perused the reviews and the pics and perhaps, I set my expectations too high.Upon entering the place, it is extremely grand but left me wondering, how low is their electric bill?! It took us a minute to get used to the darkness but throughout the night I really did wish they hadn't made it so dark and "cave-y" Even the birthday candle on the cake provided more light than the Buddakan light fixtures. When it comes to the food, I guess I expected more. Perhaps, something on par with Spice Market? The appetizers were all pretty good since we ordered quite a few and shared them family style. The entrees however were lacking. We ordered the king crab hot pot and it was quite subpar. The famed lobster fried rice came out cold and perhaps, the lobster didn't find his way to the plate in this dark grandeous behemoth known as Buddakan. As for service, we had to flag down a waiter THREE times to order a drink. Perhaps, it was just too dark for him to find us.
Stumbled here after having cocktails  apps at Beauty  Essex....Upscale, beautiful and modern decor and delicious Fusion/Chinese food!-Lychee Martini = Tasty-Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly = Really good, comes with steamed buns on the side-Sesame Shrimp Toast = Good-Lobster Fried Rice = Okay, could have done without-Mao Poe Tofu = The best thing we ordered, so gooooooodddd!I swear I am not a pig...the waiter conned me into ordering tons of food. He claimed that the portions were really tiny, LIES Lies Liessss!!!! They were all decently portioned for sharing. Bastard.
Went with my wife and another couple. Being from Louisiana, it's hard to impress with food but Buddakahn did it in spades. Loved the ambiance. After seeing the layout at the bottom of the stairs I wish I would've requested to sit in that area. Very cool and trendy. The four of us each ordered something different and shared. The steak and shrimp were outstanding. We did the same for dessert and were equally impressed. Wish I could remember more but will definitely go back.
Well, I think that my little old review dose not mean much when it comes to an 800 pound gorilla like budakan. I was waiting to go to this place for years. It is an nyc legend. Maybe there was to much build up over the years, but it did not live up to my exceptions. I will start with the tuna tar. The very first bite was down on a nice piece of bone. I showed it to the waiter who in turn apologized and took the dish away. The manager was quick to come over and took the tuna off the bill. He gave us the pork buns at no charge. Unfortunately the pork belly was not great. Pork belly is very fatty and that is the way it is meant  to be, but this was overly fatty with almost no meat, just mushy. For the main course I got sausage fried rice and my husband got steak. The dishes were good but did not knock our socks off. Feeling a little disappointed we asked for the check. The waiter, I thinking sensing our disappointment in the meal had a manager come over. This was done even know we did not complain about the meal or ask to see a manager. I would like to thank the waiter and manager for excellent customer service. The manager sent over two desserts on the house and I will tell you this. The dessert was out of this world. I will go back to budakan based on the dessert and the awesome customer service.
I had my 30th birthday party with 24 of my closest friends. HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!!! A WASTE OF 7 THOUSAND DOLLARS!!! NEVER AGAIN! Save your money! Little food, unpleasant, slow, rushed, (yes, ironically), shameful, unmemorable 30th birthday party. Thank you, Buddakan. I wish I can turn this night back around and NEVER chose it as my venue. Thank you for making this the worst birthday, ever.
Great place. Vibrant scene. Drinks, apps, dinner and dessert all receive 2 thumbs up!!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in New York City. My boyfriend and I make a reservation here any chance we get. The tuna tartare with avocado something or other is ordered in duplicate. The service is exceptional, and each section has its own decor.It's a bit loud, and some sections have you sitting rather close to other patrons, but you get engrossed with the food and barely notice your date. We usually share the lobster rice and one entree, never make it to dessert, and leave with a fully belly.A must try!
Food, decor, service was everything you could ever ask for! Highly recommend the lemon chx, filet, scallion pancakes, and boneless spareribs.
The bf took me here on a Friday night for my birthday. I had the prosecco (yummy), and he had a cocktail (super yummy). The lamb chops were incredible, and the noodles were very good. The decor is gorgeous, and we had a very cozy and romantic booth. Overall, a superb meal with a great ambiance.
Amazing atmosphere with a very nice decor. The staff was very friendly and the food was very filling as well! Even the Noodles with Prawns which was a side dish could have been good enough for one person. The Lemon Chicken had a very interesting taste to it
Wow! I had mediocre expectations due to the hype. Went here with a very large party for dinner and everything was flawless. Did the tasting menu and it was absolutely delicious. Such wonderful flavors and textures and prepared perfectly. The cocktails were generous and the service never faltered. I was very happy to be wrong.
Reservations are a Must as they are always crowded.  The dark lighting makes for a very relaxing setting, though. Decor is beautiful. Prices are not cheap but are reasonable for NYC. Only thing I did not like was the edamame dumplings. I love edamame but these dumplings had a very odd and unsavory taste. The Chinese sausage fried rice with sunny side up egg and lobster fried rice were both great as was chili rock shrimp appetizer.  Wait staff was professional, knowledgable and efficient. Put it on ur list when in NYC.
Still one of the best dinners in NYC! Ambience is great, service excellent and the food is beyond words. Chili rock shrimp, edamame dumplings, Peking duck wraps, lobster egg rolls, tuna tartare cones ... All solid choices. You won't be disappointed!
Let me preface this review with the fact that I am biased towards Stephen Starr restaurants.  Had a reservation and like all trendy restaurants you have to wait a little bit before being sat.  Had a drink at the bar with a friend and within 15 minutes our table was ready.  The place looks awesome.The food was phenomenal, I dont really remember what we ate but everything we ordered (recommended by the server) was awesome.  Anyway, I highly recommend this place for special occasions or an expensive dinner.  Right in the middle of meatpacking district so its easy to go out to a club right after... SAWEEET!
I absolutely love this place from the Asian dungeon decor to the wonderful food... I'll keep coming  recommending this place till I died, than why the 4 stars? well this is no fucking family style dinner this plates of food aren't enough to share unless your the Olsen Twins the kitchen needs to stop been lazy  cook the table @ the same time, I'm ain't sharing my delicious tiny whole duck with NOBODY so please don't bring my good first so my friends don't give me the starving look caused I'm not sharing... Oh and the cocktails can used a little help.
Went there for dinner with my husband. Loved the vibe of this restaurant! Dark, good music, awesome food!! If you're in NYC, make sure you check it out! It's in the Meatpacking district, which is an area I love as well!!
I can finally confirm all of the high ratings you see for Buddakan. They are well deserved! I hosted a party for 12 people last night and the dinner was great!The only glitch in the experience was with the time it took to check and retrieve our coats (and well, frankly, to be seated), but otherwise a rather flawless occasion.Upon sitting and selecting our wines, we were promptly brought our courses. What helps Buddakan shine is its quality of service. There was never an empty wine or water glass; plates were refilled as we finished dishes, and we were given enough time to relax and enjoy each others' company between courses.  A very well managed process.For those interested, here were the highlights:- Edamame dumplings- Udon noodles- Spring rolls- Chicken dumplings- Calamari salad- Black cod°°° so good!!- Chili chicken°°° especially good!!- Short ribs- Chocolate and pastries (a corn muffin with raspberry and vanilla paste)
My fiance and I attended a birthday dinner at Buddakan this past weekend.  We were so impressed with the service and quality of food, as well as the ambiance.  Because we had such a large party, we were treated with a pre-fix menu, where the waiters brought out family-styled portions of the dishes on the pre-fixe menu.  Everything we sampled was extremely delicious.  My favorite appetizers included the shrimp and chicken eggrolls, along with the lime sorbet oudon noodles.  For the entrees, I particularly liked the chili chicken and pork shoulder.  Being from the South, I am very particular about eating pork, but Buddakan prepared this pork so that it was extremely tender and practically fell apart/dissolved on your tongue.  Delicious!!!From the drink menu, I had a few tranquilities.  This is an extremely refreshing beverage that you can sip on throughout dinner.  For dessert, Buddakan provided a delicious red velvet cake, along with some gelato/warm mousse cake as well.  Everything we sampled was extremely delicious.  For us, being able to celebrate a friend's birthday at a table of 19 people in NYC with delicious food, drink, and ambiance is fantastic.  Buddakan definitely takes the cake on that!
The precursor for this review is that I am Chinese and have had many wonderful Chinese food places all over New York. Buddakan's menu after looking through is not really Asian fusion as they say but more strictly Chinese and taking that into account, the food was underwhelming especially for the price point. Sure there are some western elements like the charred filet of beef but the other dishes that we ordered were distinctly Chinese.The interior as you walk in definitely gives off a feeling of elegance, yet the theme didn't really seem to fit the overall asian theme of the restaurant. We started with the mushroom and sugar snap siu mei which was very pleasant and was served dim sum style. For our main courses we ordered the mapuo tofu, chinese greens, fried whole fish, charred filet of beef and chinese sausage fried rice. Other than the charred filet of beef, I'd had all of these dishes before either in China or in Chinatown. Maybe its not fair for me to make the comparison, but if even the names are going to resemble the actual Chinese dishes then they should taste as good if not better with the price point.The mapuo tofu was too sour and not spicy enough; it lacked the distinct numb feeling that you should get from eating the dish. The chinese greens were a little undercooked to the taste and the fried rice was very average.So thats why I'm giving them an "average" rating, I was hoping to be wowed but that didn't happen. If you want some real Chinese food, there's plenty of good stops throughout the city.
I really did feel like VIP while having a meal at Buddakan. Upon arriving, I was greeted by a gorgeous hostess and a gorgeous hostess-in-training. I was escorted down the grand staircase to my party's table, taking note of the beautiful decor as I descended. I actually wobbled a bit because i was taken aback by how amazing the main hall was.Our waitress was so very helpful, even informed us of how many pieces our appetizers came in and allowed us to order 3 and a half orders instead of 4. She was very attentive and even timed all of our dishes to come out just as the last person was taking his/her last bite. That attention to detail really made the dining experience special.The duck spring rolls were pretty good, so were the taro puff lollipops. The edamame dumplings were a sleeper hit, nobody expected them to be that good, they were. you must get them. I never knew edamame could be so buttery and delicious. We ordered so much food and each dish was unique yet blended very well with the last.Many of their cocktails were green tea infused, lots to choose from. They're pricey but you should have at least one.
The food was really good. Anything you pick will be a delicious choice that you won't regret. When I go to an new restaurant, I am all about the food... but what I really enjoy is nice decor as well. The whole place has so much to look at- it is so modern and sleek. The service here is also really orderly and organized for such a high volume place.
I had Buddakan for the first time two months ago, and can't stop talking about it. It has since become one of my favorite restaurants. Only downside: it's in NY, I'm in LA. I went with a group of 4 on a Saturday night without reservations (I know, cray cray), so we waited in the open seating area for a table to open up. I was on the first open table like white on rice. We waited about 30-45 mins, which wasn't bad considering our sitch. We were starvin' marvin by the time we were seated, so we ordered a lot. Our order:1. Edamame dumplings (per Yelp)- so bomb, so light, so delish, so different; a must-order as an appie2. Scallion pancakes- why did i have to share this :(3. Wild mushroom chow fun- bomb, but not something you couldn't find anywhere else4. Chinese sausage fried rice- anything with egg in on or around it = #winning5. Bobo plate- a sampling of some of their best appetizers; there wasn't one item that I didn't like6. Drinks- we all had different well drinks, all of which were strong aka perfect. The AMBIANCE was killer and I was smitten; it's a big restaurant with seating in every square inch. I wanted to sit in the big dining room with the long farm table, but I suspect reservations are necessary for that. I can't wait to go back to NY to come here again. Or for them to open up and LA location...please??
The service is excellent and the food was delicious. The edamame dumplings and the charred filet of beef with Chinese sausage fried rice was to die for. I went for a one year anniversary and my date was stunned. The decor is beautiful. It is the best restaurant I have ever been to.
Buddakan is a place where there is huge selection of delicious Asian fusion food. We order shrimp dumpling and that was real good and flavorful.  For entree we ordered pork fried rice and fun noodles. Little dark ambiance but decor overall nice. Server was attentive and helpful.
I went to Buddakan for the first time with a date. Based on other reviews, I was expecting great Chinese Fusion, chic ambiance, and terrific service. While the food and ambiance were great, the service was surprisingly poor. -Food  Drink (4/5 Stars)Buddakan serves tapas-style Chinese Fusion cuisine. The menu is very modern and offers great options for both meat and fish lovers alike. Of the 6 dishes we ordered, I was particularly impressed with the Edamame Dumplings and the Wagyu Beef.  The Edamame Dumplings are worthy of the high praise they receive on almost every Yelp review - Edamame and Truffle are expertly combined for a truly unique appetizer. The Wagyu Beef is melt-in-your-mouth tender, and has incredible flavor. My date does not eat fish, so I would like to go back to try the other half of the menu. The cocktail list is short but interesting. I had the Solid, which is Buddakan's fruity take on an Old Fashioned. The Old Fashioned is my favorite cocktail, so I usually hold them to a high standard. The Solid was on the weaker side but flavorful. My gripe with the drink (And I know I am nitpicking here - don't hate me) is that it came in a coffee/tea mug. I am no expert on cocktails, but I will say that if I am ordering an expensive cocktail in a restaurant of Buddakan's caliber, I expect it to come in a clear cocktail glass (hopefully with a single ice-cube), NOT in pottery. If you serve a cocktail in a coffee/tea mug that you cannot see through, there is no visual aesthetic whatsoever. It is the equivalent of serving wine in a water cup. You can do it, but that doesn't make it a good idea. Ambiance (5/5)Dark, hip, house music, great spot for a date. Enough said. Service (2/5)Based on other reviews, I was expecting terrific service. However, I was unpleasantly surprised. First, our dinner reservation was for 10:15 PM. Upon our arrival, we were told to wait in the "lounge area" and were not seated until 10:32 PM. While this may be planned by the restaurant, I still found it annoying. I have worked as a waiter in 2 different restaurants. It is really not that difficult to have a table for 2 prepared on time for a 10:15 PM reservation. Second, there were 3 chopsticks on the floor near my table. I stepped on two of them while sitting down, and had to kick them under my date's bench. One of the bus girls commented on the chopsticks, but did not pick them up. That same bus girl had to voluntarily replaced my water glass because it was very dirty. Our waitress did not come by with menu's for 6 minutes. Definitely not off to a good start right?Third, our waitress was nearly non-existent.  We ended up ordering our cocktails from the bus girl. We had to send the bus girl to find our waitress just to order our appetizers. The service remained this way for the remainder of our dinner.
Love this place.... Its a lil on the expensive side but if your going here it shouldnt be a problem or your clearly in the wrong place. Only bad thing is the lighting and it may just be personal but its really dark. other than that its amazing! the foods always cooked perfectly.
The service was exemplary they continued to check up on our party and ensure everything was okay
Excellent service, food, cocktails and ambiance. What more could anyone want? I found the dishes to be great portions and the quality to be excellent. On top of it all, the total bill was very reasonable and affordable.We ordered the edamame dumplings, pork belly buns, lobster fried rice, and the lamb chops. My favorite were the starters because they were absolutely delicious and could be easily shared among 4 people.I would definitely return here again soon and highly recommend it for a special occasion since the service is excellent.
Had high expectations that weren't met...  The cocktails we ordered were not good at all.  The short rib pancakes were delicious and the miso cod very tasty, otherwise the Lobster fried rice was served cold and lacked in flavor and the sampler appetizer was just ok.  I much prefer Tao.  The service was excellent however, and the restaurant is beautiful.
It was fine. I enjoyed the food and atmosphere. 3.5 really. Lighting sucks, I get it... but maybe make it a little bit brighter so I can leave the flash light at home.BBQ ribs side dish is a must do. enjoy guys/gals!
AWESOME AWESOME FOOD. Not one thing we ordered was bad and we tried almost everything (beef lettuce cups, crab sticky rice, lemon chicken, scallops, etc). THE BEST part which came to kind of a shock for me was the edamame. They puree the edamame and put it in a dumpling- it's insane. One of the best things I've ever tasted. Will be coming back! Waiter was awesome and super attentive as well.
The out of towners: "find us a NICE place for dinner"me: nice?The out of towners: "YES NICE"me: finally a chance for someone else to pay for me to go to Buddakan!... (in my head of course.)The out of towners: "that was amazing"me: you asked for nice...i delivered...now pay the bill dam*@t...(in my head of course...)You know when a restaurant bills itself as "asian fusion" it means fried crap in a dark dining room...but not Buddakan...you cannot go wrong with Buddakan.  They cover all the bases...chic, stylized, dark, over the top in every aspect...it feels like I was let into an exclusive "tourist trap club"...but not at the same time...while it was expensive, we did get to try a HUGE range of things on the menu...edamame dumplings, bobo platter, scallion pancakes, lobster fried rice, spicy king crab, roast pork, shrimp and lobster chow fun and garlic lobster.  All were consistently good, presentation stellar and nicely portioned.  We totally splurged on dessert and got the banana fritters, PB Chocolate Bomb, Souffle and cheesecake.  Again, all were on point.  We also had 2 bottles of excellent Sancere with some cognac thown in...our bill was 500 including tip and tax for 4 people.  We were discussing afterward and nothing stood out as THE best, we all agreed that each dish held its own.  a difficult feat to execute with such a large menu.  Good job Buddakananyhoo...i cant complain we had amazing food and service that is totally ON POINT!!  This just complemented the great food.
The food was great. We felt a little underdressed coming to this place after a long day walking through New York, but the people working there were incredibly welcoming. The place is a little hard to find due to the plain exterior but thankfully they offer a courtesy period of 15 minutes post-reservation time in case you're running late.We ordered the Chili Chicken and the Spiced Tofu  Cashews as the entrees and the edamame dumplings as an appetizer. Everything was so tasty that everyone was incredibly full at the end of the meal.The restrooms were dark and it was pretty loud... these were the only downsides.
The decor and atmosphere at Buddakan are second to none, unfortunately the food  itself is second to many.The asian "fushion" is no better than a highly americanized version of chinese food a dash above panda express with a significantly higher markup.The lounge/bar of Buddakan remains its most redeeming feature with good energy.
This place is amazing! Loved the Asian fusion food. I would say the food are quite authentic. The lamb chops were huge compare to places i've been to. They were sooo good. Also, the Dungeness crab sticky rice was sooo delicious. You must order the desserts, they were all outstanding! I was soo full and satisfied. One point off for the dark room. It was too dark, we could barely see what's on the menu.
Buddakan is a gem. The food here is expensive, but you are paying for the decor and the service, and how good the food tastes makes it all worth it. It is not an every week dining pilgrimage unless you have the pockets for it, but it is an absolute delight for an anniversary or a birthday celebration. We had the jade shrimp dumplings, the Shrimp  Lobster Chow Fun and the Broken Chili Chicken. Every dish was delicious and well seasoned. Our waiter was always around and courteous, except for when we needed our check in the end, which took a little while. The space is beautiful and the "last supper" long table in the middle of the dining room is grandiose  beautiful. It makes you feel like you're actually inside a castle. The chandeliers makes this grand experience all the more surreal. I highly recommend Buddakan for at least a one time visit.
Full of avid Sex And the City fans and tourists who go there to be seen, for the check in, and the instagram selfie picture. The food is by no means horrible and I'm always open to Asian fusions so if you're complaining about how buddakan pales in comparison to some hole in the wall Chinatown spot you were clearly barking up the wrong tree to begin with. Not a place I would go back to myself but I wouldn't kick and scream if a friend really wanted to go back. The likelihood if that is pretty low though
We were a party of 8 and had an absolutely delicious meal and a wonderful time! We ordered from the tasting menu.  Every dish was cooked to perfection. The drinks were generous. The service was superb!  2 of our party couldn't eat shellfish and they brought out substitute dishes for them. Make sure to save room for dessert--mouth watering!!
This place has delicious food! Everything we ordered was slam dunk, as people have mentioned below. We stuck to more authentic dishes, i.e. no chicken., yes to sushi, etc., which seems to be the best course of action. The drinks we had, cocktails and saki, were also superb.The notch in rating is due to service. While it was technically impeccable (everyone was very aware of getting us whatever we wanted, courteous, etc), it was also very cold. While I understand that many people who eat here probably like that passive, almost more servant like attitude since it makes them feel more important, I think a good waitress/waiter should be able to adjust based upon the clients. We clearly wanted a waitress who smiled and suggested her favorite dishes and was a bit more engaged, but instead we got a subservient person who told us what other patrons liked and was very quiet. In a less expensive place it wouldn't be a big deal, but given  how much we were paying I expected more.
we had a birthday here in meatpacking district.  trendy ambience, good food and drinks.  would definitely come back.
Came here last Saturday night, we had a 10pm reservation for 10 people. We were seated on time and our hostess was great, food came out fast and was yummy! we all shared apps and ordered own entrees. Weren't rushed to leave either (we were there to 12.30) and overall a great experience
Everything we had was incredible. The drinks were on point and the service was impeccable. Had a great time here with my girlfriend and her parents.
I really like the food and the atmosphere is always good. Great to take clients or friends. My work had a company holiday party at Buddakan and everything was seamless even with so many people to serve. Great place with great service!
Stunning setting, a very chic crowd and the most delicate and delicious edamame dumplings. These are a must. You really can't go wrong with this menu.  Make a reservation well in advance if you plan on eating before 11:30.
Buddakan can be a great dinner if all goes smoothly. First, having a reservation is a must. I personally request the tables downstairs. I highly recommend everyone to do the same - nicer bathrooms and the music isn't as loud. I don't even understand how people have conversations when sitting upstairs. I've had great experiences with both my waitresses. They were both very attentive. As for the food, the dumplings are all delicious. The pork potstickers are the best. I would stay away from the lettuce wraps... I didn't find them worth the price. The bass wasn't worth the price either in my opinion. The shrimp and lobster chow fun is a better option for the similar price. Another favorite of mine at this place is the crab sticky rice. It's delicious and very filling. Overall, this restaurant is a great for both small and large parties. I went both times with my close girlfriend and it was a great dinner and the prices aren't too bad for everything they offer. (Great ambiance, food, and service.)
Cafe Mangal, Welleslely MA.We were shocked when our bill arrived and we were charged $6.25 for two empty wine glasses provided for our BYOB screw top bottle of Pinot Noir.  Next time, I'll bring my own wine glasses to avoid a ridiculous "beverage tax."  Fortunately, our sea bass was excellent.
Buddakan was quite the experience.  The ambiance and decor deserve 5 stars-this place is huge, beautiful, and you can't help but feel super trendy when dining here.  The food was very good, don't get me wrong, but I think if you took away the surroundings, the fare would probably come in around average for me.What we ate:*Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly:  My favorite dish of the night.  Tender pork belly with a delicious sauce and doughy steamed buns-I wish I didn't have to share this one!*General Tso's Dumplings:  Good, but nothing out of this world.  They're dumplings, with a pretty good sauce, nothing more.*Chili Rock Shrimp:  My second favorite dish of the night.  Delicious, perfectly cooked shrimp with a little breading and a delicious sauce with just a hint of spice.  Loved!*Lobster Fried Rice:  Good, but if you're ordering this because it is "Lobster" fried rice, skip it and try a different variety.  Just your average fried rice with a few chunks of lobster here and there, IMHO.*Vegetables with 1000-layer Tofu:  My third favorite dish of the night and also well loved by my meat-loving companions.  Note:  the server will probably tell you this but this is not tofu like you usually think of it.  This is the top "skin" layer of tofu that is fried and then eaten with the vegetables in steamed buns like a little sandwich.*Sizzling Short Rib:  Delicious, tender, what's not to love about a great melt-in-your-mouth piece of meat.*Tempura Fried Soft Shell Crab:  I really wish we didn't order this.  I was expecting big chunks of crab fried in yummy tempura.  What we got was a whole crab on a plate.  I don't like working very hard for my meal at a restaurant like this and I can say that we were all thoroughly disappointed-maybe we weren't  refined enough to appreciate it-whatever it was, this was our least favorite dish.*Apple Cider Doughnuts:  Yummmmmmmm!  These doughnuts were delicoius and I could eat a whole lot of them!  I wasn't a huge fan of the creme fraiche ice cream that came with it (I'm just not a huge creme fraiche fan in general), but it didn't even matter because the doughnuts were awesome!
Everything was perfect... Food, decor, ambiance, waitstaff.   This was my 8th or 9th time there and each and every time all of the above has gotten better
Delicious everything. Recommened the lobster fried rice, tuna tartar spring roll, and the short rib entree.
Delicious food all the way through, impressive venue with nice space for every table (unlike most places in the City).  We had just around 6 appetizers and dim sums instead of entrees.  Great service. Highly recommended.
I had dinner here with a large group for a bachelorette party, and it was great.We had one of the group tasting menus and everything was wonderful, including service.  There was never a shortage of food or drinks.  We also had several dietary restrictions and the waitress was completely accommodating even though the food was served family style.
Buddakan, one of Stephen Starr's many restaurants, first caught my attention when it was featured in Sex and the City: The Movie, just as many non-New Yorkers may agree.  It was the location of Carrie and Mr. Big's wedding rehearsal dinner. I remember always wondering where the rehearsal took place because it seemed like such a cool place, and when I finally found out where it was I knew I had to eat there, especially since I would be spending the day at Chelsea Market!  Reservation made, I was set to go!  I arrived promptly and alerted the woman in the reception area of my reservation, and she asked me to wait in the lounge and that I would be greeted shortly and taken to my table.  I decided not to order a drink since I would be driving back to RI as soon as I finished my meal, and I've heard (through the grapevine) that drinking and driving is illegal, and also a bad idea.  So yeah, I didn't get a drink... even though I really wanted one.  I ordered tea instead.  Seriously.  It wasn't spiked.Mere moments after I sat down in the lounge (and checked my Facebook application on my Crackberry, killing time), I was escorted to my cozy table for 1 with a fabulous view of the lower level where Carrie and Big had their fancy schmancy rehearsal dinner :)  Okay, yes I'm obsessed.  Moving on... to the food.  I decided to get a few appetizers instead of having an entree.  First, I opted for the Lobster Egg Rolls, which quite frankly were a no brainer.  I mean, lobster?  Egg rolls?  They really are the real deal!  I bit into one (piping hot!) and the piece of lobster was so big that the whole piece (which was running the length of the entire egg roll) just came out.  I happily ate my now deconstructed egg roll with equal enjoyment as the put-together variety.My next decadent appetizer was also in fried form, but this had a cold filling :) Very unique!  For the Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls they fried the spring roll wrappers in a cylindrical shape and then later filled them with the tuna tartare filling.  These were yummy as well!  I love the crisp, fried exterior with the soft, slightly spiced tuna filling.My third and last choice was the Scallion Pancakes with Braised Beef Short Rib.  It sounded magnificent, but turned out to be somewhat disappointing.  Let me clarify, the dish didn't taste bad at all, it had a nice crisp texture to the pancake with perfectly cooked short rib covering it and crispy sour apple juliennes on top, but the flavors just weren't as bold as I'd expect.  When I pictured a braised short rib topped scallion pancake, I imagined the beef would have a very Asian-inspired flavoring, a special kick, but there was nothing.  It tasted like simply seasoned short ribs, nothing standing out.  They were also so beefy, that they masked the scallion pancake from standing out at all, and the dish is marketed as a scallion pancake first, and then lists the accompaniments in smaller lettering.  Although I ate this dish, and didn't regurgitate it afterward, I wouldn't order it again.  It just didn't stand out.  There are SO many other menu items that I wanted to try and next time those will hopefully satisfy me more than this dish, which wasn't a home run for me... sorry.In the future I really would like to return, decked out, cocktail in hand, and really make more of a night of it, but for my needs the other night, a satisfying meal and sustenance was a #1 priority.  Maybe next time I will have a 5 star experience as opposed to a 4 star one, with a replacement to the somewhat disappointing scallion pancakes, some more time spent enjoying the space, and a perusal of the cocktail menu :)  I look forward to that next visit, and there's sure to be more :)  And next time I don't plan on having to drive for 3 hours afterward!
The ambiance is fabulous here.  Beautiful Place, however I would recommend making a reservation for the main dining room so that you can fully experience.In addition to the amazing atmosphere, the food, drinks and of course the dessert was amazing!!!
Expensive, meals are light but very delicious. Service is very good and foods comes fast.
This place Is the real deal for asian fusion. The staff pay high attention to detail, and are extremely professional. Also, great interior not to mention Sex in the City! hahaI usually get the: Tuna tartar, rock chili shrimp, lobster fried rice, noodles(not sure which one), EDAMAME DUMPLINGS!!! And for desert I get some kind of banana pudding cake and the crying chocolate. The two deserts were fabulous!I ate this meal with 3 people and it was great. Def coming back.
Probably the most disappointing meal I've had in New York. It started with us not being able to get a reservation until 11:45pm. We stopped by to look at the restaurant around 9pm and see if we could move it up a bit. We were told they were fully booked until then, but we could "sit and wait right now and perhaps be seated". With an 11:45pm reservation we certainly weren't hungry at 9, nor dressed accordingly (which apparently they didn't seem to care, more on that later). Got to the restaurant on time, was told to "wait up the steps to be taken to our table", then someone else comes and asks if we have been helped, to have a seat and have a drink and leaves...as we try to figure out what the deal is someone comes to take us to a table. The downstairs space is about 50% empty. While the space may seem majestic for someone who hasn't traveled, it is quickly obvious that it's just a cheap facade like the cheap fake book panels on the walls (there's much better fakes). The crowd is not classy at all. Feels like Vegas, people screaming, taking selfies, zero dress code. both of our "neighbors" were wasted, both men went to try and make out with their dates on the booth side squeezing my girlfriend in the middle to the point I had to ask them to move. Food was OK, but not better than PF Changs. I am not going to compare it to "the amazing hole in the wall real Chinese down the street for 1/4 the price" because that's not what this is about. It's not really expensive, it's just mediocre. Drinks: Being in New York, I expect to have my drinks made properly. I asked for an Old Fashioned and got the tourist version of muddled orange and cherries in it. I had to get up because the server was nowhere to be found, and as I got to the bar she showed up so I asked her to have it made in the classic way, no fruit. I explained it should be made with a big ice cube not crushed ice but if they didn't have that it was ok. She said "so you just want bourbon, bitters..." and I said yes, exactly. She brought me a glass with the big ice cube (so they DO have it) with bourbon and bitters. No simple syrup, not diluted, nothing. I had to go back to the bartender to explain how an Old Fashioned is made. My gf asked for a "light" vodka tonic and it seemed they put 3 drops of vodka. During dinner we were asked 4x if we were done while we we were still eating. I understand that during rush hour management pushes staff to turn the tables but when the restaurant is now 70% empty they should not bother the patrons. It got to the point where I had to ask the busser what made him think I was finished (I had food in my fork). We must have been served/approached by 7 different staff...none of which were actually friendly/helpful and gives the feeling of not personalized service. When we were finally done we had to wait a while to actually get our dishes taken away and ask for the check. The original server dropped the check without saying thank you, took my card and someone else brought back the receipt for me to sign. I wrote on the check to have the manager call me and left my number, something which obviously never happened.
I came here on a Tuesday night and was a few minutes late to my reservation but they were very understanding and sat us at our table before we could order a drink from the bar. I loved the tuna spring roll appetizers, seriously order these they are little bites of heaven. I also enjoyed the pork buns, general tso's dumplings and the lobster friend rice. I would have to say the lobster fried rice was a little bit underwhelming. While it had chunks of lobster it tasted a bit plain and under seasoned. The service and decor was awesome. The small plates and the chocolate lava dessert were definitely the stand out.
I came here with a couple friends for dinner and had a good time.  The place is HUGE!!  And what was even more surprising was that every single table in this place was taken.  Even when we were leaving at 10:30 p.m. there was another swarm of people coming in -  and it was a Monday night!The pros:  waiter was friendly and nice, the atmosphere was cool, the jalapeno pomegranate drink was tasty, and the lamb chops and pork roast were DELICIOUSThe cons:  the hostesses at the front are not personable - almost cold, we had to wait for a table despite a reservation (what's the point of making a reservation then?) and the price is a bit more than I would like to pay for half the items we ordered.
THIS PLACE IS PRETTY BOMB D0T COM. I've been meaning to go here for some time now. Heard lots of good things, and I totally agree with everything I was told. 1) PORK BUNS. Honestly, I LOVE pork buns (like... if you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life what would it be? PORK BUNS) but Buddakan's pork buns destroy ippudo's, momofuku's, zutto's you name it. It's so delicious. They give you the buns on the side so you can make your own and eat it however you like.2) LOBSTER FRIED RICE... a little overrated if you ask me. Seems like they just made simple fried rice and threw in lobster pieces. ooo watch out so hard. it's still good. 3) SHORTRIBS... okay hi and listen up... LITERALLY i repeat LITERALLY... the meat just falls off. cooked to perfection. comes with a side of flat noodles (like the ones they use in pad see yew)... complements the meat real well. 4) VEGETABLES. very simple but very flavorful. can't go wrong. 5) OKAY SO THIS IS WHERE I DEDUCT A STAR... DO NOT ...DO NOT...DO NOT ORDER THE MAPPOTOFU. Our server said that Buddakan's is better than one her chinese chef taught her but... UMMMMMMM no.it tasted like soft tofu thrown into bean paste. Not spicy at alllll even though it had a little spicy note. i dont understand. we were winning til this dish came out. OY. Anyhoo. Check this place out. THE PLACE IS HUGE!!!  THE DECOR IS GORGEOUS. Makes you feel like youre in an episode of Gossip Girl or something. Next time I'm going to get this dish with fried crabs... looked good.
Not impressed! I have been trying to go to this place for a long time. The venue is amazingly beautiful, and the staff very friendly and attentive but the food??? I wasn't impressed, the cold noodles with peanut sauce and lime ice cream and the crab sticky rice highly recommended by the waitress were good but not amazing at all. Not sure what I missed here... But I don't understand so much excitement about the food.
Great food overshadowed by very disappointing service. We are big fans of Stephen Starr's restaurants in Philly and NY and chose Buddakan in NY for a celebration dinner with friends. After the apps were served we reminded the waiter that he forgot an app, which he then never brought. As the main courses were ready even before the app plates were cleared, he asked us if we wanted our main courses held for a few minutes so we could digest the apps. We agreed that it would be a good idea. As soon as the last app plate was removed the entrees were immediately brought out, completely ignoring our request. Understood that it was a Saturday night...but what's the rush? Finally we had mentioned that it was an anniversary celebration and asked for a candle or something when desserts were brought out. Instead of inquiring about which couple was celebrating, the waiter plopped down the desserts on the large table without any mention, and in the corner of one dessert was a little disc that said congratulations. It wasn't even noticed until we were half way through the desserts.
This place is such a "scene" that I can barely stand it. I felt old and dumpy as I stood at the bar waiting for a drink, cursing myself for not wearing higher heels and skimpier clothing. As we waited, a highly trained, no-nonsense battalion of hosts and hostesses weaved their way in and out of waiting guests while jotting notes on official looking clipboards. All attempts to befriend or humor them were met with an icy reception. Those people mean business. Finally, we sat and were greeted by a sweet but efficient waiter (just my type). The food started coming and I slipped into a momentary trance. Everything was soooo good. We had duck flautas and lobster rolls and sea bass and a bunch of other things that I can't remember at the moment. Honestly, really amazing food. I kind of wanted to hate this place for its pretentiousness, but it was impossible. The food was divine. And the space itself- totally gorgeous.
I was there for a bachelorette last weekend, and there were about 10 of us in the party. Our waiter was fantastic- he paid us a lot of attention and even gave us all own our bills (we didn't have to ask). On top of the great service, the food was amazing! The only two complaints I had were that the food took forever to come out (I know there were 10 of us, but the food comes out as it's ready and my noodles took over an hour) and it's a bit pricey. Other than that I highly recommend this place!
Lovely space. Wait staff exceptionally attentive and friendly.I found many of the dishes too salty, however the simple grilled meats, and whole fish were seasoned well.The drawbacks for me, when I returned Buddakan's call to confirm my reservation, I held for 6 minutes, then it went to an answering machine, I feel that's badly handled. Upon arriving at the restaurant, we basically had to "check in" with chilly aloof young women (at what seems like a hotel desk). They did not tell us to wait in the lounge (we had to ask where are we going), they certainly didn't offer to take our coats.I didn't think the food so spectacular to want to go back, and it seems with the initial gauntlet to get in, they don't really want me either.
I went back to buddakan after a very long time and it wasn't as good as I remembered it, as is always the case. I think the mega Asian fusion restaurant is a bit old fashioned but the decor of Buddakan is still amazing. The wait staff was really nice and helpful, and other staff were very well trained and coordinated. The menu is very organized and focused.  Three of us decided to order a number of appetizers and share one entree. We had Edams dumpling (yummy), lobster egg rolls (OK), Hanan beef bao buns (yummy), taro puff lollipops (yummy), tuna spring rolls (good), sugar snap peas (ok), and short ribs (yummy). I think all dishes are very interesting and tasty and really couldn't go wrong with any dishes. I liked the cocktails, but they now only have a short list of cocktails and I think ones at Tao are much better. To me the food and ambiance is comparable to Tao, but I like the service at Buddakan is better. For cocktails, definitely Tao.
Three stars for the ambiance, but I wouldn't go again for the food. It's average, I prefer Koi.
Went on a thursday, wasn't extremely packed but had a good croud. Our waiter kevin knew his menu,  was informative..Food we orderedChicken Dumplings - were soo good, wish there was more than 6Chicken  shrimp spring rolls - only 3 but were big .. - not bad because I don't like seafood (like my partner) but there were only two baby shrimps in each.. The inside Was a bit on the cold side tho
Buddakan was over-the-top extravagantly trendy for sure.  The food was pretty good, the wine was pretty good.  I happened to have dinner here, unexpectedly, and I would say that this is the kind of place that you need to be mentally prepared to know that you're going to go to.It was beautifully extravagant, and since I was a little unprepared for it all, took me a few minutes to digest it and feel comfortable there. Glad to have had good company and conversation.I wish I could tell you more about the food, but I really feel like the ambiance stole the thunder so much that I couldn't really focus on much else. Just found out that this is where Carrie  Big had their engagement dinner party in the Sex  the City movie. The extravagance finally makes sense. :)Let's play a fun game: any guesses on how many times I used the word "extravagant" in just this review?
Decent. Foods not bad, nothing spectacular, service was good. Had to go at least once to check out the beautiful decor and the space where Sex and the City filmed.
This was probably the best meal that I have ever eaten! Our reservations were fairly early, so there was no wait and we were seated in the main dining hall. The service and food were simply impeccable! My favorite dish of the meal was the chili rock shrimp; there was just a very unique taste about them. We also had the General Tso' Dumplings as a dim sum. The Chinese Sausage Fried Rice was delicious, as was the Sweet And Sour Chicken and the King Crab Hot Pot. All of these were split among 4 people, so we had a very good variety of food. The drinks were decent (highly recommend the chocolate martini) and dessert was also to die for! I wish there was a Buddakan closer to where I live, but next time I am in NYC, I will definitely be back!
I have had Buddakan on my 'to-dine' list for over a year now. It finally happened on the weekend of 4/19 as part of my week long birthday festivities! I was able to secure a reservation through OpenTable for 10 pm about two weeks in advance, but when am I ever NOT tardy for the party? I was running late so I called Buddakan and asked if there was a grace period. They told me not to worry that they would work with me! Whew!I arrived around 10:10 pm and was seated at about 10:35 pm-10:40 pm. By that time I was super hungry, annoyed, and impatient, but I guess that's what happens when you're late! However, I do believe even if I'd arrived at 10 pm, I wouldn't have been seated right away since there were so many people by the bar area waiting to be seated and a hostess kept informing everyone things were backed up.Moving on, this place is so romantic! It's the perfect place for a date in my opinion. Really dim lights, understated, the perfect ambience. I will say, I'm not a fan of sitting too close to others. We were given a booth next to a mother, father, and their daughter. We weren't super close but I would have liked a bit more privacy.Ordering took some time but the food came out fairly quickly and perfectly cooked. Our waitress was super attentive and pleasant. When my gal pal went to use the restroom her cloth napkin must have fallen from her side of the table and onto her seat. A random waiter came along, folded it, neatly placed it on the table and smiled at me. I thought to myself, 'where they do that at?' Well, AT Buddakan!The host who informed us our table was ready however was robotic and stone-faced. I noticed a lot of the other employees had that same look on their faces. It was a bit odd. Also, for how gorgeous this place is, I found the restroom to be quite bland. But let's get to the yummy stuff ---FOOD!!!The food was delicious. Delicious is actually an understatement! We started off with the Cantonese spring rolls, ordered the lemon chicken, char siu, a side of minced pork lo mein, and other yumminess I cannot recall at the moment. We can attest that to the food coma I was in. When I tell you I was growing DEPRESSED as I watched my char siu disappear off of my plate and into my stomach, I'm being completely honest! I wanted it to last forever. That is how good it was.I really loved Buddakan. I'll absolutely be back. I didn't find it expensive at all. The service was top of the line and it really was an experience!
great spot, pretty placegreat for bdays etc, food was excellent  steak, lobster rice, all dumplings greatthe almond putting to die for
Amazing meal!  I went during the winter and have been dying to go back every since.  The restaurant has a really cool and hip vibe, and it has a really unique design to it.  For my appetizer, I got the edamame dumplings which were outstanding.  The dumpling itself was delicious and the edamame filling was really smooth and had a nice flavor to it.  My sister got the crab soup dumplings, which were a special for the night and she really enjoyed them.  For the main course, I got the mushroom chow fun which was really delicious as well.  It was a decent sized portion so I ended up taking half to go, but the noodles were really soft and the sauce was great. For dessert, I got the crying chocolate cake which was out of this world.  The cake itself was great, but the warm caramel/chocolate center was the best part.Every part of the meal was delicious, and I will definitely be returning here soon!
Really good food although I thought the portions were a bit small. Strong drinks and a great scene. The fact that this place is so huge makes you never want to go back to similar trendy places like Tao where you are constantly knocking into people. Recommend the tuna spring rolls, rock shrimp and ribeye beef entree. Also tons of talent here!
New York City houses some of the most incredible restaurants in the world, but Buddakan is especially spectacular. Though they serve you family style, the portions are very generous and to die for! The ambiance is amazing as you enter this dark and enchanting wood-carved structure, and it is possibly the largest restaurant I have been too in NYC. I ordered a glass of the Pinot Noir, followed by spicy pork  cauliflower, sea bass, pad thai, the list goes on.I suggest you bring your appetite!!I can't wait to go back.P.S. to all you Sex  the City fans, this is where they taped the engagement party scene.
Everything was perfect down to our seats. The service was impeccable, along with the food and wine. This was the perfect choice for my fiance's birthday dinner.
I really enjoy their shrimp. I would recommend this place. The service was great and they were very friendly to my family.
I went to Buddakan when I was in town for a wedding.  After reading several reviews on Yelp, I figured it would be a good place to go with my parents who were also in town for the wedding.  I think everyone in our party liked it a great deal.  The ambiance was nice and the staff super friendly.  Price wise?  I thought it was more reasonable that I had expected.  As noted in other reviews, the Chili Rock Shrimp is amazing.  I can't say any more about it beyond what previous reviewers have said.  We vied for who would get the last few left in the bowl.  I'd recommend it to everyone without a shellfish allergy.  Our party also enjoyed the Tuna Tartare Spring Roll appetizer and Lobster Egg Rolls.  Our waiter, upon seeing 4 of us in the party informed us that an order of the spring rolls and egg rolls came out in a quantity of 3.  However, he told us he would have the kitchen prepare 4 so that we could all have some.  That is excellent customer service!  We loved the spring rolls but kind of wish we passed on the lobster egg rolls.  They did not blow me away and resembled more of the standard fair egg rolls that you could get in any Chinese restaurant.  The Glazed Alaskan Black Cod was divine!  I would order that meal again and again if given the chance.For dessert, we had the Crying Chocolate, Almond Bread Pudding, and Silken Yogurt Panna Cotta.  All were very tasty.  The bread pudding serving was enormous! More than enough to share between 2 to 3 people.  As far as drinks go, we had Fate and Virtue off the specialty cocktail list and beers and martinis.  The specialty cocktails were fun and refreshing.  I would probably come here again the next time I'm visiting New York.
Fan-frickin-tastic. I think i can end my review with that.But I won't, because I have a few things I'd like to say about Buddkan.. like how awesome their food and drinks are.. and how great the ambiance is.. and how if you live in NY or you're just visiting (like me), you must have dinner here at least once.I can start listing my favorite dishes and cocktails, but I don't think that'll be of much use given that whatever I've tried here, I've liked. the place is always packed, and yes, it's a little pricey.. but in my opinion, worth checking out anyway :)
It's just as beautiful as you see it in Sex and the City!  With a little sign on the outside it might be easy to miss but once you get inside it opens up and is so beautiful.  You check in and they tell you, you can go the the bar and wait and they'll come and find you when your table is ready.  When our table was ready we got to sit in the great hall at a table next to real life sex in the city women.  They also placed a candle melting over an owl.  On one side theres a room that looks like a library in another it look like a museum.  Must try:  edamame dumplings, crying chocolate and almond bread pudding.  Make sure you make reservations and bring some $$.  Next time I go to NYC i'll definitely be back to have a late night dessert or two.
SO good..truffled edamame dumplings.. amazing.. I don't even know how they make it but i need to come here more!noodle dishes are very typical.. still good but nothing to shout about..pork bao... omg... wtf sooo good (almost as good as ippudos)lamb chops were made to perfection Since everything here is family style.. your server is willing to divy up the portions so that everyone gets a taste. Definitley way better than any pf changs or asian fusion restaurant. Great for dates and great for big groups... aka good for anytime!
Wonderful! Very pricey but totally worth it. I went on a Saturday night  it gets very busy so make sure you make reservations a week in advance. I ate so much food that I didn't have room for dessert. Must haves are Peking duck fried rice, fried calamari salad  the roast pork. So good!
Fantastic food, drinks/sake was great. My first time in NYC and I will tell my friends to come back here againThe duck was outstandingThe appetizers were greatThe decor was awesome. Overall a great place to go.
Although this was not my first dining experience here this is my first review of this upscale trendy eatery.  I have tried several dishes and I must say all have been tasty and delicious.  I absolutely love love love the edamame dumplings and want the recipe so badly.  The rock shrimp do exactly that ROCK!!!  The boneless spare ribs are delicious and the sauce is wonderfully balanced.  I love the fillet of beef and the short rib chow fun.  I never had chow fun before Buddakan and it was awesome.  Although the food is extremely good it is not the only reason to go to Buddakan.  The atmosphere is sexy and chic and the drinks are splendid too.  Their signature cocktail, the tranquility was just as it sounds, soothing and subtle with a slight kick.  Unfortunately I do have one complaint about Buddakan.  I can never enjoy take out Chinese again!
Man, writing this review pisses me off, and I haven't even started writing this review.I really should go with my protocol and list everything out, but what's the point when I could easily summarize this restaurant in a few statements.  This place is an overpriced Asian fast foot placed disguised as a trendy Asian fusion restaurant.  I could line a few of my favorite mom  pop spots in San Gabriel Valley, Little Saigon, and Thai spots in Hollywood, slap their food on some pretty dishes and give Buddakan a run for their money.  With that said...it's a democratic place to take your friends if you are in the mood for an uppity atmosphere and sort of a safe bet for the entire party.  I'm all about a good dining experience and paying for it, but I couldn't justify it here.What annoys me more than anything was that...having been to many tapas restaurants and numerous family style restaurants, we knew that what we wanted to order was enough.  And, in the worst case scenario, we'd set the menu aside and order more.  Nope, the waitress downright told us we need to order more without us even soliciting the advice, stating "it just isn't enough".  Well, 8 dishes later for 4 people...woman, this is enough...to feed a little village!  By the 4th dish, we practically were ready to tap out, and by the 6th...needed to be wheel barreled out of there.  If you insist on going here for a nice dinner celebration, I do encourage it, just don't let the greedy waitresses talk you into ordering more food than what you need.
The restaurant is a wonderful space and place to be on a Thursday night. The food is delicious and the ambiance is great. The lighting is great too. Again the food was great but my waiter sucked a**! Maybe it was because the restaurant is so huge he had too many tables or maybe because he was worrying about his next audition. Broken Chili Chicken 4/5Wok Tossed Noodles w/Prawns 4/5Lobster Egg Rolls *4/5Charred Asparagus 4/5Sweet  Crispy Jumbo Shrimp ****6/5Bread Pudding 4.5/5Grandiose but ornate at the same time. Make a reservation and have a great time
Nice spot , think it would be a great place to have a birthday dinner since they have this huge table that could hold at least 30 people. The food was good , service was on point ,  the decor pretty cool . Def would go back again .
Oh Buddakan, you've won my heart again!-The calamari salad remains my ALL-TIME favorite-The pork potstickers were very good, and this is from someone who's not a pork-lover-the yellowtail yu sheng was delicious. Wish the portion were bigger though-The black cod was cooked to perfection. I thought the lobster was great, but this tasted even better. Glad I ordered something different-CHARM for drink again. Delicious as I remembered and -so was the Crying Chocolate!I would come back in a heartbeat!
I was only here for a Food Network event for Dave Talde's Dim Sum Party. Food was delicious and drinks were non stop for 2 hours.. Favorite food was the tuna tartar spring roll. The decor is awesome and the place is huge. I will be back for the real food and drinks at Buddakan!
Those. Stairs. Are. Dangerous. I repeat! They are dangerous!!I always have a good time a Buddakan! The servers are SO helpful. Especially if it is your first time visiting they really take the TIME to talk t you through the menu and explain how the kitchen serves the food. I love grabbing drinks at the bar before dinner (hence: dangerous stairs). Overall great place for: Date Night OR Girls Night
Enough is said in terms of the amount of publicity this place has gotten since sex and the city was shot here. The food is fusion Chinese. I rate four for the ambiance.
Edamame dumplings, vegetable fried rice with coconut curry foam, random and delicious cocktails... Buddakan is my favorite restaurant in the city. It is an obvious tourist hotspot - a tad pricey, but so very delicious I can't resist this meatpacking "Asian" fusion, sex and the city rehearsal dinner, place.Just make a reservation well in advance and be prepared for the staff to be wholly unaccomodating and rude. Also be prepared for ladies dressed to the nines, on any idle Tuesday.
Went here for my husbands birthday. The service was excellent and the atmosphere great. We ordered a bunch of different plates for the table. Every dish was amazing!!
Once again another dining dream satisfied by another work meal.  This place is bomb from the decor to the food.  To start off, this place is huge with so many rooms.  I'm a fan of the color codedness of it all and the variety from the grand dining room to a library room haha.   Our waiter was also super friendly and knowledgeable.  He got brownie points for taking the extra time to call out the ingredients in each dish for one of our party members who had food allergies.  Food wise, I enjoyed the appetizers the most.  Our party had pork buns, edamame dumplings, pork dumplings, and deviled tuna tartare.  They all had bursts of flavor that made me drool.  Entree wise, I enjoyed the mongolian lamb chops, the sizzling short rib, and the lobster fried rice.  I'm not a huge fish fan, and I don't remember exactly what we got but there were two fish dishes that were cooked well.  Dessert , we ordered the crying chocolate and the cider donuts.  My fave part of the entire dessert was the jasmine tea ice cream.  SO delish and the subtle Jasmine flavor was bomb. I totes want to come back and try the shrimp and lobster chow fun! ( I love XO sauce)
I'm proud to be the 51st person to mention the chili rock shrimp, it's all kinds of deliccccioussss!  The dumplings and scallion pancakes are amazing as well.  I've been here several times and recently visited the philly location and can tell you this place is the truth. It's an enormous place, each of the 5 rooms have their own feel and decor to it.  The crowd is beautiful, the drinks are funky, the staff is H squared (hot and  helpful) and management really cares about their customers.One night we had dinner here before going out and my friends glass of vodka tonic got stuck to the table and the top part of the glass got pulled up...yes spilling the whole drink on him.  We did call the manager over, he provided the four of us with 4 free drinks and covered 4 of our appetizers...basically a 100 bucks worth of stuff.  Glad he did that though because his 100 dollar investment has paid back ten fold with the amount I come here.  Impress a client, eat great food, take a date (if she's worth it), it caters to everyone who is looking for a nice night out.  Ofcourse you will see several of your standard 20yr old beautiful and broke women of ny with their 50 yr old sugar daddies here popping a bottle or two of champagne practicing for the hope that they can pop a pill or two of viagara later....c'est la vie!
My third time here and it's consistently good.This time, we had reservations at 9:15 on a very busy night. We had to wait 35 minutes but the manager brought us some appetizers on the house while we were having some very nice (but strong!) cocktails.Great food (try the Edamame dumplings!) and solid, unobtrusive service.A bit on the loud side, but that's the vibe.
Oh Buddakan, your food never disappoints but the service is getting lousy. This is a place were reservations must be made, however, do not expect to be seated at that specific time. Just know that you will sit faster than those that did not make reservations. They have a nice waiting area, where some people decide to have dim sum and/or drinks. As to the dining area, which is located int he lower area is very spacious and every time i go down those stairs it just reminds me of Sex and the City. I've tried their crab sticky rice, whole pecking duck, edamame dumplings, lobster egg rolls and sweet and crispy shrimp...DELICIOUSNESS IN MY MOUTH. This place defines Asian Fusion. They make all the flavor work together and they know what to mix and what not. Something that mud the taken into account is that the food is brought to the table as soon as it ready, so do not expect for everyone food to arrive at the same time. I know its not ideal to eat if not everyone has a plate, but here, your food will get cold waiting on others. Perhaps, if everyone is just sharing small plates it would be the perfect setting.
Amazing food but it is expensive. Get the Alaskan Black Cod- I don't even love fish but this fish melts in your mouth like butter. The Crying Chocolate Cake comes with jasmine tea ice cream which is unreal! The tuna tartare spring rolls were also great if you like a spicy kick! Loved the edamame dumplings too- it was so creamy and delicious and it came with an amazing broth.
Took my girl there for her birthday.  The decor is very nice.  The long dining table is also a unique touch.  The place is somewhat price but you get what you pay for.  Some of the menu items may not be for everyone (frog legs) but overall, the service was great and the food was good.
A very slick Asianese fusion restaurant in a very trendy neighborhood.  This is a very good spot to socialize over dinner.  The restaurant is enormous so the wait shouldn't be too bad if you don't have reservations.  As far as the dinner goes, everything we sampled was very good.  Appetizers:- The edamame  dumplings ($12) were delicious (the edamame is pureed and made into a dumpling) and are not to be missed.  If you like to party, order two servings.- The Peking duck salad ($15) was very good and consisted of crispy duck skin as well as duck meat over a salad with a sherry vinaigrette which has a cooked egg placed upon the salad.  To finish the presentation, the egg yolk is broken and mixed into the salad.  It was an excellent appetizer.  Enough to share. Unless you're too fat to share a salad.  Than enough for one.- The boneless spare ribs were good...but nothing much different that you can get from your local China Wok, Wok and Roll, China Hut, Panda ______, or whatever your local Americanese restaurant is called.  Except their $13.  I guess that's a difference.  Entrees:- The chow fun was awesome.  The noodles were great and there was a very generous portion of lobster and shrimp.- The sweet and crunchy shrimp ($25) were delicious but it's not a lot of food.  About 7 medium size shrimp (not a lot of value, but tasty).  These are pretty much "bang-bang" shrimp.- The ribeye ($28) was pretty ok.  Not a great steak but cooked well.  The fried turnips it was accompanied by were good.Side:- The lobster fried rice sucked.  I wouldn't waste my time on rice here again.  Save your dough or get some more edamame dumplings (hmmmm).Dessert:- The chocolate peanut butter bomb was crazy good.  It included a small amount of peanut butter ice cream, a chocolate covered PB tart, and a PB ganache.  It was perfect ending to the meal.  Value:There's not a lot of value on the menu.  You're paying for the hip social scene in addition to the great food.  They did have a fixed menu special for $48 that included an appetizer, entree, side, and desert.  Not bad.  Overall, if you're rolling with a corporate card like this homey, looking for a good social gathering/date meal spot, or just like fusion, get yourself down here to grub on some very tasty food.  You could do much worse.
Buddakan is one of those places you just enjoy coming to. from the front door when you check, in and your in the lounge area and watching them try to find out where you are like 'wheres Waldo' when your table is ready. having been here a couple times before i can tell you  that unless you service sucks u will most likely leave pleased. its like a safe choice and the food is eligent.Te peking duck is a must try once in your life atleast  with a glass of fate and some lobster friend rice.
Went here with a group of 5 for a birthday. The service was amazing. The waiter answered all questions that were asked and gave great suggestions. The food was good overall. We got our meal in the family style fashion. The portions were pretty good. Wouldn't have minded more, but who wouldn't. The lobster rice and the vegetable rice were amazing. I was particularly fond of the vegetable rice which comes with a lot of eggs in it on one side. Not everyone liked how it looked but nobody complained about taste.Wine A+The crying chocolate dessert was the greatest thing ever. There is no dessert I've ever had in my LIFE that compares. It was AMAZING. Trust me on that one. Took a little while to pay the bill but no big deal.The ambiance is very comfortable. The high ceilings are beautiful and the room looks great.This is definitely a place where anyone can go and be comfortable and have a good time. The food was good and the service was excellent. No complaints.
One of the best places that I have been to in New York City!I went here with some co-workers after work on a Thursday night. My boss had to make a reservation and we were seated in the large dining room downstairs (which I was pleasantly surprised to realize was the location for the rehearsal dinner in the first Sex and the City movie). The people next to us had a baby with them, which I thought was a bit odd for this type of restaurant, so there was a bit of crying, but that is not the restaurants fault.My boss adores this place, so he ordered off the menu for us. And it was all absolutely delicious! We had the edamame dumplings, cantonese spring rolls, lobster fried rice, dungeness crab sticky rice, and my absolute favorite was the charred filet of beef. It was unbelievably good! That is my recommendation for a first time (and any time) visit.Now I'm sure that one of the reasons that I loved the place was because I didn't have to pay for any of it. It is a bit pricey, but it's a great place to go for a celebration or special event. When you think of New York, this restaurant captures that in it's food and atmosphere.
when i imagine trendy "scene" places in NY, the images that come to mind totally fit the interiors and patrons of Buddakan. Ridiculously dim, full of folks dressed to-the-nines and more-than-ambient conversation on a Monday night, I could only imagine what it would be like on the weekend.the food definitely delivers. their signature edamame dumplings were weirdly ravioli-like with their cream/truffle infusion. the ahi spring rolls were my personal faves. as much as i dislike seafood, i am a sucker for a good ahi. continuing through our meal, the cod was deliciously sweet and flaky. the waiter forgot to bring us the filet, so sadly i have no news on that front. the desserts however, were definitely the piece de resistance. that crying chocolate is a must, and the white chocolate passionfruit mousse held such great contrasts between the merengue, mousse and sorbet. the only thing holding me back from a beaming five stars would be the service. although our waiter was more than friendly, he did totally omit one of our dishes, and we had to ask 3x for the check.
Well, I've been here twice now in the past 5-6 weeks and the second visit was merited but the third will be not, and you'll find out why below.The bar/lounge area is beautiful, the edamame dumplings and vegetable dumplings are quite good, a solid wine and champagne selection albeit very overpriced, a great place to see and be seen for the meatpacking district and is generally an under-assuming (from the outside) and overall beautiful place from the inside. The space is quite large for a Manhattany type restaurant...Now, I decided to have a sales meeting dinner here based on our food from last time - this is one of the best peking duck I've ever had matched with the lobster fried rice which is quite good. Their tuna tartar appetizers are quite good too...the food here for that super fusiony pan asiany type of foodie in YOU, will be satisified.Now here is my gripe - my brother in law is a complete vegetarian for most of his life - 25-30+ years, (no meat, fish or poultry) and the first time we went, he noticed meat in his dish although he had asked it without. They rectified the situation and brought out a new dish...so he was there last night too and he had ordered a mushroom dish which doesn't have meat to begin with, only for it to be laden with BEEF. Yes folks, BEEF in a dish that doesn't even contain it based on the description in the menu! Needless to say, what my brother in law thought was sliced mushrooms, turned out to be BEEF as it was quite dark and one couldn't tell the difference in a bite with other items. This was COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE for this to happen a 2nd time, at which point several managers etc came to our table and comped our ENTIRE dinner for 4 people including champagne, an entire dessert spread etc. We realized that this was NOT the waitress' fault, so we tipped her $100 cash, and left with our entire $500-600+ dinner comped...I'd like to reiterate one last time, that the dish isn't even supposed to have beef in it, but the chefs decide to just add random ingredients in, this particular case from a moo-cow, which doesn't bode well for a vegetarian to say the least.Needless to say, we will NOT be returning here ever again...atleast not with my brother in law. I'm giving this 2 stars because the food is good, and the place is awesome, but for them to screw up TWICE in a row? unacceptable folks. Especially for a vegetarian who hasn't eaten beef in over 26 years...well, that changed last night and he was about to VOMIT at the table. This didn't make for an enjoyable experience at the least...YMMV.
Beautiful ambience.. very classy!Food looked and tasted good.Mediocre service (for the amount paid).Almost fed me meat, but the chef saved me!I would recommend this place for special occasions and cozy groups..
Best experience ever. I love french food but i was at first hesitant about coming for the food cause pan french asian i always think its like tex mex version of french and asian food and didnt think it was going to be good. It actually was, I loved the bar food of the pot stickers, we headed back down to the long table in the main dining area and it was beautiful especially with the romantic opera candles. The Drinks were amazing and i HAVE TO GOO BACK. Also try to get the froie gras and the thousand year old egg
Very Delicious food. Beautify inside set up . Great service. Great atmosphere and friendly people. Personally ? I LOVED IT.
One of those places where you go just to experience it, see what the hype is about  judge for yourself. Went for a girls night out dinner on a pretty busy Saturday night so the 20min wait was somewhat expected but we squeezed in at the bar  had a few drinks. Typical NYC prices.Once seated the waiter was really helpful  nice. Few things to note: share the rices between 2/3ppl but get your own meats, the food may not come out all at once too so some may be sitting waiting.One of our friend's food actually never came  they forgot to bring the birthday girl a desert until we were nearly leaving and reminded them.Overall we had no regrets but things definitely could have been better. GORGEOUS decor  very nice staff but it's obvious you're paying for the name/experience.
Great food and great service with a nice ambiance. Great for casual or a date night. Good limited selections for vegetarians like myself. Will come back again
Perfect place for friends to grab drinks before a night out.  Came here and ordered the edamame dumplings (a must), crispy calamari salad, and the steak. It was all quite delicious.More than anything, this place is sexy. The dim lighting, the spacious and majestic dining area all make for a perfect place to impress someone who's visiting New York. Its much darker than it is on the episode of Sex and the City. I didn't think this place would live up to my expectations, but it exceeded them.  The food is good, not fantastic, but solid. More impressive than anything is the ambiance and scene.
Fantastic food and staff. We went with a party of six and had the tasting menu. Everything from the different dumplings, short ribs, spring rolls and desserts were delicious and familiar enough to be tried and enjoyed by all but different enough to not be tiresome. The only knock is the acoustics/sound makes it such that it was hard to hear exactly what it was that you were getting.
First  foremost, the food:-chili rock shrimp- spicy  flavorful (i'm sad i don't have a plate in bed with me right now.)- beef bao buns- Buddakan used chunks of steak rather than ground meat (i do not like ground meat) so that was it's saving grace.- edamame dumplings- i am disappointed to say I tried this because of the rave reviews it got on here, but the texture of the edamame reminded me of baby food; some people call it smooth  silky, i call it pureed to death  odd. Horrible.- jade shrimp dumplings- great crunch from the water chestnuts  pea shoots. - scallion pancakes with braised beef short ribs  apple slices- this one sounded good, but was extremely heavy. I don't recommend this appetizer.- tea: rafia  jasmineTotal: $75 (not including tip)Ambiance: overly dark, could be romantic if I was with the bf. It took a minute or two for my eyes to adjust in the dark  once I could focus, I saw a super trendy waiting area with even trendier people drinking from beautiful glasses. The space is extremely tall  fits right in in the meat packing district. The building is concrete  loud with top 40 hits, but the shadowy darkness  Asian-inspired decor brings warmth to a place that could easily be classified as cold, at first glance. Service: very attentive.Why I won't be returning: of the five items we chose: only two made my taste buds happy, two were disgusting in one way or another  one was a take it or leave it kind of dish. I don't like those ratios.
All hail the Buddah! There was a time when my bf  I came here way too much, but it was worth it every time. We always get the same things...and they're always scruptious. Here it is: Apps:Jade Shrimp Dumplings, Chilli Rock Shrimp, Scallion Pancakes, Sesame Shrimp Toast, Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls, Wok Hay Frog legs- All Excellent.Entrees: Charred Fillet of beef, Sweet  Crispy Jumbo Shrimp (FAVORITE), Lobster Fried Rice- loved them all....except the beef, nothing special.Veggies: Twice Cooked Long Beans...so darn good.Desserts: Crying Chocolate...turned me into a "Crying Chocolate"...I was literally teary eyed when I was taking in the last spoon of it...YUMMILIOUS.  The strawberry shortcake icecream dessert is ok.All hail the Buddah!
Absolutely LOVED the food here, every bit of it! The place is huge, dimly lit, plays great music and an awesome date spot or night out with your girlfriends! I came last Saturday for an amazing dinner!Here's what we ordered:Mushroom  Sugar Snap Siu Mei shiitake, hon shimeji - DEVOURED these!Jade Shrimp Dumplings pea shoots, water chestnuts - Excellent!Lobster Egg Rolls mint, cabbage, sweet chili sauce - HUGE portion, deliciousGeneral Tso's Dumplings chicken, hot  sour broth - BF had these and loved them!Tuna Tartare Spring Roll crispy shallot, ponzu - A MUST TRY! Lobster Fried Rice crispy scallops, chinese celerySoft shell crab entreeWe probably could have done without the rice and soft shell crab because we were SO full but we indulged for our anniversary. Apple cider doughnuts were a great way to end our meal. Highly suggest this place, the food was exceptional! =)
Food, drinks... whatever your heart desires.  Plenty of beautiful men and women having happies at the bar.  Will definitely hit this spot again.  Had tons of fun with the girls here!! For some reason we never really end up having an entire meal here.  Perhaps there is just too much to look at at the bar....  Date Rating: 7Pick up Scale: 9Strong Suggestions: strong drinks -- not too sure about their "froofie drinks" but the apps were great. Go for the atmosphere with some friends and enjoy the crowd!
Went for dinner on a Tuesday night and was absolutely impressed. The ambiance of this place is dark, sexy and mysterious. Perfect date spot or to share a special dinner with someone.From the moment you walk in you see a concierge table with more than one person waiting to find your reservation and sit you as quickly as possible. We went without a reservation and were told there might be a wait so we opted for a glass of wine at the bar thinking we might be there for a while. By the time we got our drinks our table was set. The hostess came to the bar to carry our drinks to the table, something I have never seen before. After that it was gourmet food heaven. We had the Bo Bo Plate, lobster fried rice, mongolian lamb chops, and the glazed alaskan black cod. Everything was so decadent! The black cod tasted as good as steak and every bite was bliss.The wait staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. For the first time in a NYC restaurant, I didn't feel rushed to eat my food and leave. You are expected to enjoy your meal at whatever pace you would like and relax. I can't say that of all the places I have been to in NYC for a fancy dinner, this is definitely the #1. I would go back any day. The price is worth the quality of the food and the service.
The venue is very nicely decorated. The lighting and ambiance match accordingly. The music isn't to loud, allows you to hold a conversation without a struggle. I enjoyed the atmosphere since this was a special occasion and I rarely venture out to a trendy place like this.The food was very good, my wife and I started out with the edemame dumplings, and rock shrimp. Both were excellent. For our entree we had the lamb and the kung pao monk fish. They were also both excellent dishes that I'd recommend. However, we also had the lobster fried rice as our side, and I wouldn't recommend it. It had no real lobster taste whatsoever, regardless of the visible lobster pieces. The portions of the appetizers are small, glad we got two.  Overall, we went into our meal hungry, and left mildly full. We skipped on desert and went elsewhere.The drinks were okay - wouldn't say great, my wife enjoyed the Charmed cocktail. I had a glass of red wine, but nothing stood out from her cocktail other than it being kind of small (served in a champagne glass).The service was fair (somewhere between okay and should of been better). Took some time to be welcomed after sitting and when we were undecided it was a struggle to pull out suggestions from our waiter. The waiter also pulled away a soft drink with it being half full - I hate when hey do that.The price of the meal wasn't worth it because of the portions and the service. I can't say I won't ever be back, but I wouldn't be the one to pick this place again.
The first thing that you encounter in this tourist attracting, upscale wannabe version of Buddakan is a hostess desk full of clueless twenty-somethings who have never eaten at truly upscale place in their lives and think they are too cool for school because they get to seat you at Buddakan.  We ate there at 5 pm on a Saturday which is when they open.  They asked us if we had a reservation -- no.  They said, "hmmm... it will be a few minutes.  Please have a seat in our lounge." Okay -- even though you just opened and no one eats at 5pm in NY except us who were on a brief reprieve from our 16 month old.  So we sit in the lounge for literally a minute before a nice young dude comes to seat us at our table.  So my criticism is this.  Why the attitude at the front desk.  Just say, yes we can seat you.  Just a minute.  Not, hmmm.  Please wait in our lounge even though we just opened and have a 1000 tables here.  Food okay but not as good as the one in Philly.  Best thing we had were the Lobster Egg Rolls.  Lobster Fried rice is really not worth it.  Calamari salad was pretty good. Pork and Crab Dumplings were too soggy.  We've eaten at this BK before and it was great.  The wait staff is actually really good.  I don't think any actual New Yorkers eat at this place.  Philly BK is more consistently good.  Steven Starr needs to visit NY.  Also, there is dust an inch thick (no exaggeration) in the window wells on the first floor.
UPDATE: Went here again after the manager emailed me about my first visit. Definitely better experience. Seated promptly at our reservation time. Server was EXCELLENT! Food was unbelievable. Definitely will go again. Thanks again to Andy the manager there, very nice guy!Got here about 20 minutes earlier then our reservation, boy was that a bad idea. We wait the 20 minutes, which is totally fine, but waited ANOTHER 20 minutes before we got seated. The bar area was very nice while we waited and the drinks were really good too! This was just a normal Saturday night..We got to our seats, but then were stopped because they were still cleaning the table, so we just stood around for another 2-3 minutes, very awkward for a restaurant of this caliber.Anyway the appetizers came out and were really good!! Now comes the worst part of our experience; we had to wait OVER an hour to get our entrees. That was a bit much, especially since our waiter didn't say anything about taking a lifetime to get our food.I got the monk fish, my wife got the scallops. Both were excellent, but we were just annoyed at the waiting situation. After the entrees, we ran out of there because we had already been at this place for close to 3 hours.Food was excellent, Decor was excellent, service and wait times were HORRIBLE.
Do you have friends or family in from out of town? This is a fun place to take them, but if you're doing NYC girls night or out on a date - head elsewhere. It's got the tourist factor for sure... but not as awful as the "oh my god I'm walking through Times Square right now, somebody shoot me!" Vibe is fun but a bit over the top swank/ flash - ie: everything that will impress those non-new york relatives. Food is OK but nothing to write home about. Portions are large so easy to share with the crew. Hopefully someone else is footing the bill because it's def overpriced for what you get.
So I've lived around the neighborhood for almost a decade and Buddakan has been around since 2005 if I'm not mistaken. Finally decided to come here for a graduation dinner with my brother and I'm definitely down with this place. The food lived up to the hype and I literally have nothing bad to say about this place. The decor and the setting was dim and unique. (I can imagine how much they save on their energy bills each month. Lol) The staff was friendly and had some great recommendations/suggestions for the specials.My brother and I tried the Bo Bo Plate, which was a variety of appetizers that came with 3 different dipping sauce. You mix and match and decided which taste best with what.For my entree, I had the Charred Filet of Beef while my brother had the Monkfish. Both were delicious and my steak was cooked to perfection. There was no excess oils, no blood dripping, nothing, the best part was the fact that it was still juicy-- oh and this was a medium rare steak.The Monkfish had a kick to it, with a mild to medium spice, but also sweet and crispy to chew on. Highly recommended if you want something spicy.For the desserts, I recommend both the Crying Chocolate and the Sichuan Peanut Semifreddo. Absolutely mouthwatering just thinking about it as I'm writing this review.
I had my birthday dinner here and was quite pleased. Antonio was my server and he was quite attentive and very informative on all the dishes. I ended up ordering 5 appetizers to be shared amongst 3 people. We had the edamame dumplings, chili rock shrimp, peking duck salad, hoisin glazed pork belly and beef lettuce cups. My best friend requested for the crying chocolate which was malted chocolate ganache and vietnamese coffee ice cream drizzled with milk caramel. My favorite of the appetizers was the hoisin glazed pork belly and the chili rock shrimp. The edamame dumplings was a bit too filling for me. As for the dessert, I preferred the chocolate ganache over the vietnamese coffee ice cream. All in all, I really like this place. I love the lighting and the interior decoration here. The moment you step into Buddakan, it's like you're transformed to another world, a secret universe of divine cuisine. I would definitely come back for another special occasion. Thanks for a great birthday, Buddakan.
The ultimate dining experience.I met with my mom and her friends at this restaurant last night and chose the Tasting Menu I, which included several appetizers, about 4 main dishes and three different desserts. It was a fab selection of amazing food! The tasting menus allow you sample an array of Buddkan's Asian-Fusion menu and share "family-style" with the rest of your table. The best part is that you may ask for seconds of any dish for no extra charge! We fell in love with the edamame dumplings and quickly requested a second serving. My favorite dishes were the dumplings, calamari salad, blackened cod and short rib. So many flavors!The service was amazing! Our server took excellent care of us and he maintained the perfect balance of being attentive while not interrupting our flow of wine-enhanced conversation. The dim lighting and tall, drippy candles set a very intimate, trendy atmosphere. This is an fab spot to dine with old friends or enjoy bottles of wine in celebration of someone's birthday.It's not too loud and tables are spaced generously so groups can enjoy their meals in private nooks.I left happy and I cannot wait to return.
Asian fusion continues to fail to impress, but I wasn't expecting too much to begin with. Decor is great the the ambience is fitting. The food, however, seems to be just your average Chinese food with expensive ingredients you can not taste. There is prolly a good reason you don't put lobster in fried rice...
Buddakan is one my favorite spots in NYC. The food is always impeccable!  The atmosphere is chic and sexy. I recommend trying one of the tasting menus as your able to experience many of the different dishes that are some of the best on the menu.  At least try the rock shrimp and the black cod - it melts in your mouth!   Def a cool experience to eat at the great table!  Also try the fate cocktail- unique and tasty!
Came in at the time of reservation and wasn't seated for 15 minutes, they asked to wait and no one attended. After asking 4 times about when we will be, we just decided to leave.
This place is amazing. The service was great. They are very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and drinks. The food was incredible; you absolutely have to try the short ribs. I recommend this place highly
Buddakan- sexy, young, dark, loud - much louder and darker than that scene on Sex and the City with Carrie and Big had their rehearsal dinner.I walked in here around 6 pm on a Friday for a friend's birthday. The tall and slim greeters directed me to the rather large lounge where people can wait for their party and order a few drinks.Slowly, our group started to trickle in with one person running late. When we made the issue known to the tall intimidating waiter/usher/bouncer-looking guy, he responded rudely and basically scolded us, the customers, for something that was clearly out of our control. After we were seated in the grand hall, the waitress introduced the two ways of ordering: 1)to order individual dishes and eat family style, or 2) to do a tasting menu which was a bit pricier. We went with the first option.The food: pretty good. We were a group of 10 authentic Chinese people, so you can trust that the food wasn't bad since we had nothing to complain about. But for the same price, you can find better tasting food elsewhere. But we really come to Buddakan for the atmosphere, don't we?The food:~~~Edamame Dumpings: very very creamy, get it if just for the texture. The whole stuffing is made of creamed edamame which looked sort of like wasabi and it has a very mild taste.Lobster Fried Rice: high recommended. Delicious, flavorful, and not at all greasy.Mapo Tofu- not as spicy as I normally like. It comes with a bowl of rice which otherwise costs 4 dollars.If it wasn't for the rude beginning, I would have given this place 4 stars. But to be a customer coming to this place for the first time, on her birthday no less, it was unacceptable.
I have been going here since it opened a decade ago.  Amazing food, service and decor. The filet of beef with mustard sauce is one of the best dishes I have ever had. Appetizers are awesome as well.
Very cool and different place to go to for dinner. Fancy place - had my 22nd birthday dinner here and everyone loved it! Since it is on the expensive side, it is a great place to go to for a special occasion - great location too!
Beautiful decor and atmosphere. It feels very NYC in here. The wait was long even with a reservation, but the reso was made late so I guess it goes with the territory. As far as staff goes everyone was very nice. The lighting in the bar area is extremely dark, I guess its for ambiance but you cant even see the bar menu. As far as food goes you MUST order the edamame dumplings. My mouth is drooling just thinking about them. We ordered another round of those. The dim sum was good but it was soooooo hot (temp wise) I burned my lip pretty bad... so beware. Overall the waiter was nice and drinks were amazing. Not sure if I would come here to fill up on food as the menu items are small and pricey but if you are looking for a fun place to hang out and have some snacks this is it.
Came here last night(Saturday) with my boyfriend. We came for an early dinner around 6:30 and we were seated within seconds of arriving. Very large space, modern decor but very little to look at, very dimly lit. We started with the deviled tuna tartar, my boyfriend and I try tuna tartar every chance we get at restaurants and theirs was definitely very fresh. They had a bit of a kick to it too, slightly spicey.Next, edamame dumplings....these are one of a kind. They were amazing. The chili rock shrimp, very good couldn't stop eating them.Shrimp and lobster chow fun- this was a little disappointing, not that it was bad I just expected better. I did like the huge pieces of lobster and shrimp.Tea smoked wagyu- the meat was very soft and tender, very flavorful We chose to go with the crying chocolate for dessert thanks to other yelp reviews..wow this was delicious! I love combining anything chocolate and ice cream and this was amazing. Absolutely loved the jasmine tea ice cream!!!
Everything was amazing. Try the Duck fried rice.
Wow! My best friend was in town and was in the mood for some Asian Fusion Food. I brought her to Buddakan and she LOVED IT!The menu is 'family sized' so you order a few things for the table. It may seem like you are ordering a lot of food but it actually works out because you pick at everything. We gotEdamame Dumplings (known for this and now I know why -- delicious)Pork Potstickers - very goodTuna Tartare - very light and refreshing and I don't even eat seafood!Boneless Spare Ribs- has the most amazing sauceGarlic Lobster - YUM!Chilled Udon Noodles - has a lime sorbet that you do not expect but was deliciousChinese sausage Fried Rice - was not too impressedHave fun and definitely get a cocktail!
I think Buddakan was on my bookmark list for at least two years before I tried it out today (and not really for the full menu as our group was more for getting drinks). Not really hungry so I only got a light Peking duck salad and really liked it. Contrary to lots of mediocre Chinese restaurants, duck meat was actually very juicy and chewy. Portion wise it was also generous. Now I am starting to think when I should be back again for the real dinner. Their dim sum set/a la carte looked authentic! They open till 11pm except for Sat, which open till 1am.
An all time favorite!  Can't get enough and bring all my friends here.Beautiful ambiance, wow's you every time,  delicious share style food and service is ALWAYS top notch.Don't miss out if visiting NYC!
Loved everything about this place. The ambiance and decor itself is absolutely gorg! For the foodAppetizersoxtail dumplings - 4/5EntreeLobster fried rice 5/5Short ribs 5/5DrinksPassion fruit mojito 4/5I don't remember what we had for desert but it was delish as well.The waitress was super sweet and attentive. Definitely was a great first experience.
Edamame dumplings are life. This place is a personal fav. I've never had a bad experience.
Definitely one of my favorite restaurants! The waiters are friendly, informative, and attentive. I definitely recommend getting the edamame dumplings, cauliflower lollipops, ribs appetizer, roast chicken congee and chinese sausage fried rice. You will not be disappointed!Tranquility and Deflection are my favorite drinks here, they are expensive ($15) but worth it once in a while.Buddakan is a great place to celebrate a birthday, graduation, or date night, I highly recommend it and will definitely be coming back.
I do not mind paying for an expensive meal, but this was over the top price gouging for minuscule portions.$14 for minced pork lo mein, that is half the portion of your neighborhood chinese takeout, where the quality does not justify the price.Diced beef was phenomenal!General tso dumplings were okay. The soup dumplings had a kind of a very light "franks red sauce flavor"Now to the music which was overbearing. It was me and my wife's 9th year anniversary and we couldn't have a peaceful meal as the bass was drumming my ears. A very upbeat tune song that belongs at webster hall.Server was very kind, attentive, and knowledgable. ++++However we got our first app and entree in the first 20mins and waited nearly another half an hour for lo mein...yes lo mein. The restaurant is busy which is understandable, however high prices, small portions and unevenly timed long periods in between courses really ruined the event for us.Does not live up to its hype. Disappointed.
Ambiance = 4Sexiness = 5Food = 3Service = 5I came to the restaurant for my anniversary. I love the hostess stand at the entrance, the trendy vibe as you enter, and the attentive staff.The 'library', which is where we were seated, is off the main dining area, and is quiet and intimate. I was impressed by the waitress (Erin) and her extensive knowledge of the menu. Unfortunately, the food is good, but not amazing. As a vegetarian, there were only about 5 options, all of which seemed so lackluster. All in all, a cute date spot.
Went with three other people, none of us ate all day because we knew this place was going to be worth it and we were NOT disappointed! Starting from as soon as you walk in you immediately feel a different kind of energy here. Hostess was incredibly friendly. We were a little late for our reservation but still had to wait in the lounge, but whatever no real complaints. Bartender was friendly and made great drinks. Ambiance and decor are incredible, especially walking into the main dining room with that long table! You definitely feel like you're making an entrance even though everyone is chowing down on food. Waitress was very friendly and patient because we could not figure out what we all wanted! It all looked so great but we decided on these dishes. 1) Peking Duck Fried Rice - very good! Didn't have a lot of it but what I had was delish.2) Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice - two rice dishes!! What?! Yup. The two giant pieces of crab on top and the presentation (served in a crab shell.... worth it.3) Green Beans - totally underrated dish! next time will get two of these because they were that good and they went fast between the four of us!4) Charred Filet of Beef - so tender. So delicious. And that mustard sawwwcceeee!! Definitely made the dish5) Black Dragon Chicken - I wasn't so sure about this one when we ordered it but it was so good and the portion was bigger than other entrees which was very nice!  Get the Crying Chocolate for dessert. Just trust me. You will be glad you did.
Easily one of my favorite restaurants. The only issue is after leaving you are never full. Everything is light and sharing so after spending $400 for for people we all go out for dessert. There are certain items I suggest on the menu:Cantonese Spring RollsEdamame Dumplings-the best edamame dumplings I have ever had Crispy shrimpBlack pepper beefCharred broccoli Things I do not suggest:Drunk chili chicken-deep fried chicken set on a bed of sauce. We found it very dry and we're not a fan of it. Monk fish-came as a recommendation from the server. It was awful and smelled super fishy. Thinking about it, I don't think we will return for a while. Simply because we never leave full for the price. However, I would still recommend to friends. Just be weary of that. The service is always great and the ambiance is nice for first couple minutes but at just too dark in there.
This place blew our minds away. From the aesthetic, to the decor, the presentation and the taste, all of it- exquisite. This was a perfect dinner for Christmas Eve.If you're looking for a sweet white wine, get the August Kesseler Riesling!! WOW SO GOOD WE LOVED IT (and got drunk real quick) 1) We had the dim sum platter for 2 but made it to 3 (there were 5 people at the table) and they were a perfect appetizer to start with ($54) 2) The Mongolian lamb chops were delicious and crunchy in the right spots. They come with bok choy!3) The Peking duck fried rice was delicious! Highly recommend as a side dish!4) Black bean scallops were a little too strong for me but were still good5) The Asian green stir fry was good as a side but not memorable 6) The tofu eggplant was a great vegetable meal, and my sister loved it!7) I gotta say, I absolutely LOVED the sweet and crispy rock shrimp!!! So tasty in the right spots and the crunch was amazing!8) AND THE DESSERT. I looooovveeedddd my chocolate pistachio ice cream cremoso dessert. We devoured that in seconds but the chocolate mousse, cacao nibs, cranberries, the Oreo, the ice cream and the combination of all sweets were not too sweet but juuuuuust right. That was a highlight for us.9) the almond bread pudding was also warm, soft, and a wonderful combination with the cremoso!!! Their desserts were such a plus!! The waiter was also attentive, responsive, and very kind. It was a very lovely night and he went home with a nice tip! ;)
Wow! This restaurant is so on point. Great ambiance, dim lighting, and amazing food.  Between my party of 6 we tried (almost) everything on the menu.  Stand outs were the tuna tartar spring rolls, cauliflower pops, dumplings, lobster  duck fried rice, as well as the fried Seoul.  Be warned- it is not on the inexpensive side.  But worth every penny. Our waiter Joseph was super funny, friendly  professional.Bring buddakan to Miami- so that I can actually enjoy some good Asian food.
My experience was great. Amongst the trendy Chinese restaurants in the city, this is definitely up there. For one, it's probably one of the largest venues. Tao is big, but buddakan feels more intimate. Tao is big and loud. Buddakan you can take a date and not have to lean over or whisper in each other's ear to have a conversation. It's in the heart of the meat packing so you have plenty of option post dinner as far as bars and nightlife. Food was truly great. Our server was unbelievable. Price was normal for this level of restaurant. I would definitely go back many more times, this place is a true classic.
Beautiful decor, but I was not at all impressed with the food. I had better Thai in Queens at Nur Thai. The waitress kept asking us if we were done with our food. It was myself and 4 of my female cousins. Service was weird and the food was really just ok.
Gorgeous! Fantastic ambience. We were able to make reservations for a Saturday night fairly last minute. The food was delicious and was wonderfully presented. The waitstaff was extremely attentive and professional. One of the waiters in the waiting area was short and rude with us, as if we were bothering him because it took us more than 10 seconds to order a drink. Small portions. So order more than you usually would because you'll still be hungry. Amazing lemgrass mint drink. Chili rock shrimp will melt in your mouth, dim sum app . Chinese sausage fried rice needed some seasoning and the green beans were average.
After having a less than favorable experience the manager assured me that I would be receiving a gift certificate for all the trouble. Well over a year has past and several promises broken with still nothing ever received. I was told the first time it must have been lost in the mail. Now 3x lost?  Poor customer service and very poor follow up. Looks like I'll be scratching this restaurant off my list.
We came here on a weekday night and it was crazy busy, so many people!Luckily they have a huge waiting area where you can actually order the full menu, so we got drinks to start.  There was a tiny snafu with the reservation but once that got cleared up we were taking through the beautiful banquet halls to our table.My favorite part was how fast the food came out because we were SO hungry.  We ordered a ton of dishes, so I'll try to describe all of them.OXTAIL DUMPLINGS - Unique and very tasty, the flavors of the peppers, onions, and soup all complimented the dumpling.  These came out super fast!KING CRAB  LOBSTER SHUMAI - I think these were my favorite of the apps.  The crab and lobster was super fresh and tasted worlds better than your average shrimp and pork shumai,FOIE GRAS  CHICKEN DUMPLING - Kinda disappointing for the price and hype.  The chicken was pretty good, but overall the dumpling was quite salting and unlike the other dishes, it didn't have extra toppings for other flavors to balance out the salt.PORK BUNS - classic and delicious, must try these, meat was super tender and the bun was fluffy like a cloudMain dishesMONGOLIAN LAMB CHOPS - the ginger crust on these really do the trick, if you like lamb then you gotta try this dish. SINGAPORE CHILI KING CRAB - i thought the crab itself was good, but the chili sauce was a little bit too strong and covered up the really nice crabCHINESE SAUSAGE FRIED RICE - This was delicious, I didn't want to eat too much of it (saving my carb quota for dessert), but I just kept going for spoon after spoon.  It comes with an egg on top and you get to mix it up into the rice which makes it sticky and yummy.ASIAN GREEN STIR FRY - I was hesitant to get this because I didn't want it to be normal basic veggies, but it was delicious.  They mix a ton of veggis you don't normally see in restaurants, and the flavor is spot on.  I kept mixing this with the fried rice and going to town.GREEN BEANS - Disappointed in this dish.  The green beans were a bit under cooked so we left them rather untouched.finallyCRYING CHOCOLATE - By this time we are stuffed, but the veitnamese coffee ice cream hits the spot.  The chocolate just oozed out of the cake, so if you like that definitely try this.
Guest in town must take hereFood amazing Drinks great Ambiance great Sever didn't want to give us check waited for two hours and finally left and left more than what we ordered. She forgot us all together . And we never saw her after she did everything. Too bad . Will come back cause of food !
When you're in the mood for some bougie Asian food, Buddakan is a gorgeous spot to dine at on a date, with friends, or even with family. Their cocktails are deliciously indulgent - don't be afraid to ask your host or hostess for a recommendation.Table Favorites: Edamame Dumplings, Peking Duck Salad, Sizzling Short Rib, Spiced Eggplant and TofuLeast Loved Dish: Dungeness Sticky Rice - missing the dungeness and the sticky!Favorite Desserts: Chocolate Pistachio Cremoso, Coconut Ice CreamEverything else was pretty good, but not mind blowing: Oxtail Dumplings, Tea Smoked Spare Ribs, Foie Gras and Chicken Dumplings, Black Pepper Beef, Glazed Alaskan Black Cod, Crying Chocolate, Almond Bread PuddingEnjoy!
This place is so impressive from the decor to the service to the amazing food!  The first time we went was during the Sex and the City days when people were doing the tours because of the movie.  We decided to avoid the whole tour bus thing and go on our own, and it was just incredible.  The second time was just as great and so much fun.  Both times we went were on a Saturday so it was very crowded, but the place is so big it didn't feel uncomfortable.  Their drink menu is so awesome that it makes you want to try every drink on the menu!  This is a place to definitely go to when you're in the city...it's a truly unique,  and fun experience!
Great service!!! Absolutely five star service!!! Food was good modern Asian. Lots of flavor and surprisingly good portion actually. Very well worth it. The Manager Alex came by to check on us multiple times. Had a great time there!
This place is made to Share.We Grabbed a few starters and a few main courses. The duck was incredible, the steak was intense.... actually, scrap that, EVERYTHING was incredible.The lighting is dim upstairs and vaguely reminded me of the inside of an Abercrombie  Fitch store, but much more intriguing.. one man actually had to use the torch on his  phone to read his menu, so be prepared. The view down upon the dining table downstairs is breathtaking and is one of the most beautiful rooms in any restaurant I've ever seen. Nextdoor, the Lounge is chilled and cool and extremely comfortable, you may even fall asleep in there on the couches after dinner!Men, wear your blazers. You're in for a treat.
The ambiance is amazing...can't think of too many other spaces in NYC...so big!  The service is attentive.  We got there on the early side for dinner...and had lots of check-ins early on.  As business picked up a little less so.  Most of the food was pretty spectacular...a few missed.  The menu has lots of asian fusion variety and the prices are pretty reasonable considering the amount of overhead to run a place that size in NYC.
Very cool restaurant....has a NY trendy vibe.  I thought the food was good, not great. We had 2 appetizers and then split the Miso Black Cod  and snap peas. The fish was better than the appetizers. I would give the food 3 stars and the decor/atmosphere 5 stars.
Amazing food..And phenomenal customer service. Try the sesame shrimp.. Absolutely delicious.
When we travel to NYC we always have dinner at Tao. Yelp helped convince me otherwise. We decided to give Buddakan a taste. I was totally disappointed. I think the Yelp reviews had me so convinced that my experience would be "over the top" but it was a complete let down. The food was okay. The service was fine. The ambience sucked! Everyone says that the ambiance is incredible. Our table was in a really dark area of the restaurant near the bathrooms. Not impressed. For starters I got the pork belly hosin glazed. It was meh....For main entree i ordered the whole peking duck. It was okay. My wife ordered the steamed sole which was fine, but just not awesome like I expected. Hey you live and learn. I doubt I'll go back to Buddakan. Too many great restaurants in NYC. Hope this helps.
I have been here twice and each time it was ah-mazing! The first time was dinner and drinks with a girlfriend.  This last time was for my big birthday bash (party of 12, mind you).  Both experiences were great. Here's what you must, must try:  lobster egg rolls (yes, decadent and worth every penny), edamame dumplings (sounds simple but tastes extraordinary), Miso cod (people rave about this and I'm proudly one of them) and finish your meal with the banana bread pudding (I'm not a huge dessert person, but this is bomb).  Finally the cocktails are also a treat as well, but I tend to stick with their "Fate" concoction and find myself struggling to try anything else.  Also, for my bday bash, we had some dietary restrictions as well as folks uninterested in the prix-fixe yet the waitress was very accommodating and made the night all the better. Great place if you want to do it up in Chelsea.
Had a great evening of good food and great fun.  Hosted a large group (24 people) and the service was fabulous!  Cat, the manger, was excellent!  Would definitely go back.
The tofu dishes are tasty and the steak was extraordinarily good and perfectly cooked for an Asian restaurant.  Came here with a big group and vibe is very cool.
I came to Buddakan this past Saturday on Christmas Eve after making reservations on OpenTable earlier that week for 6:15PM, which was the only available time slot. It was a bit hard to even find the door to this place because tourists were too busy standing outside the door and blocking the sign. Anyways, you walk in and it's black and the counter is like that of a hotel lobby. I check in with one of the hostesses and she asks us to wait in the bar/lounge area for someone to seat us. A girl did come in 5 minutes after we sat down. She showed us to our table, which was right next to the stairs to go downstairs. It is a huge restaurant. Downstairs looked even bigger and brighter!So what did we order?We ordered two drinks. They were pretty strong. That's a good sign since they don't hold back on the alchohol and you get your money's worth!For appetizers, we ordered the Spicy Yellowtail and Chili Rock Shrimp. They were both pretty good. I liked the Spicy Yellowtail a lot. It was interesting and different from what I've had before.For entrees, we ordered the Black Pepper Beef, Roast Duck Noodles, and Lobster Fried Rice. The Black Pepper Beef was so savory and juicy! I loved it! It went well pair with with the Lobster Fried Rice. I think the fried rice has been sitting there in the kitchen for a little bit because it wasn't as hot as I thought it would be compared to the beef. And the rice was a little hard. As for the Roast Duck Noodles, it was in a hot soup and pot when it came out. There was actually roast duck meat and not just the skin and the noodles were awesome. The dish was nice and fresh. I loved it too!For desserts, we ordered the Crying Chocolate that was chocolate cake with malted chocolate ganache, milk caramel, jasmine tea ice cream. And we ordered the Almond Bread Pudding that came with maple butterscotch, bananas, whiskey ice cream. Both desserts were amazing and delicious! The ice cream flavors are not as strong as they sound. I was imagining the whiskey ice cream to taste a lot like alcohol, but it was more like vanilla...lol.As far as the prices are concerned, this is an expensive restaurant, but it has a great ambiance and it is definitely a romantic restaurant and a place to have a great time.To sum up the night, it was just an amazing experience and I had a great time! :)
A few of us grabbed a spot at the upstairs bar for drinks and dinner. Atmosphere is really nice. Very crowded and definitely a hot spot. The bar is not set up well! Literally a solid block of metal so you have no place for your legs...so don't eat at the bar! The bartender, forgot her name, was excellent! Friendly and helpful with drink and food suggestions and even with the crowd she took great care to help us. We started with edamame dumplings... They were delicious! Unfortunately there were only five of them and it's $15 for that dish... Can't say it was really worth it but they were still very good. For dinner we had the lo mein with prawns and the spicy monkfish on her suggestion. The lo mein with prawns was very good. The monk fish I didn't realize was fried, which I didn't want but oh well. I found the sauce on the monk fish was way to cloying and not very spicy at all. Wouldn't recommend that dish! Drinks were fine, place is a little pricey! I'd give it 3 1/2 stars if I could.
Amazing amazing amazing. And well priced for size and quality of meals. great service and beautiful venue
I have enjoyed this place many times - awesome food!  Start with the spare ribs and also order one of their excellent cocktails.  On the early side there is plenty of elbow room too.
Visually, Buddakan is an amazing place, with its high ceilings and eclectic modern design. It had a very good crowd going by seven o'clock, a good mix of young professionals, locals, and out-of-towners. We had no problems seating on time. The wait staff were also very courteous, informative, professional and their service was timely.For starters, we went for their specialty cocktails (Lush, Charm and Fever), they were all nice drinks except for Fever, not really a fan of jalapenos in drinks, only in food. For appetizers we had their edamame dumplings, hoi sin glazed pork belly and crispy calamari salad. The dumplings were unusual, but the hoi sin pork belly in steamed buns and calamari salad were very nice and flavorful. For entrees, I had the black pepper beef, which was a tad salty, while my wife had the Cantonese steamed sole which she liked very much. Closing out the night we had Crying Chocolate, a restaurant favorite...a malted white chocolate ganache with cappuccino ice cream. They served dessert with candles and a 'Happy Anniversary' greeting written in dark melted chocolate, a really good ending for a very special night.
Fun place to go with friends for a lively atmosphere and delicious drinks. However, in my opinion, either a hit or miss with the food, so be careful with what you order!
Beautiful restaurant. Table had filet, lobster fried rice, crispy shrimp, broccoli, and chicken congee.  All food was excellent except everyone agreed chicken congee had too strong of a smoked flavor.  Would recommend.
I thought the food was good, the atmosphere cool, the service nice. We sat at the "bar lounge" area for dinner, which was entirely acceptable and comfortable.In general, Buddakan is a great place for a business dinner or a dinner with friends, since the dishes are all for sharing.  It's not a cheap place.
I'm a big fan of Asian fusion and was overall very happy with Buddakan.  I had the concierge of my hotel make the reservation and there was a bit of confusion as to the time of our reservation.  We thought it was for 7 but when we got there they told us the reservation was for 645.  I was worried, but we were still seated within five minutes of arriving. To start, we got the General Tso's dumplings.  They're soup dumplings and excellent, but not as good as the Joe's Shanghai's in my opinion (although both restaurants are completely different and not really comparable).For entrees we got the crab sticky rice which was excellent (I'm no rice connoisseur, but my friend was and rated it pretty high).  The sugar snap peas were really good (and the mushrooms they were cooked in may have been better).   The main dish was the whole Peking duck.  It comes with cucumbers, hoisin sauce, scallions and the pancake's like you'd get with mu shu pork.  The duck was great.  Juicy and with crispy delicious skin.  The hoisin sauce was excellent (not too sweet, which can bother me).  I'd also like to say that our waiter was really good.  He gave good recommendations and explained why he liked certain dishes and which were the most popular.
This is a beautiful and very inviting restaurant.. My boyfriend took me here and since am a cocktail critique i have to say they have an interesting selection and my favourite one was BENEVOLENCE, it was divine.. Ended up ordering the Crying Chocolate and i must say it was delicious..Enjoyed my overall experience... The bartender was Fantastic  so professional.  Loved it from the moment i set my foot till the end.. I can't wait to go back again  again.
I've eaten here a few times, and the prices are very high. The quality of the food is good and the presentation is interesting. Great service and a very cool venue. There is nothing particularly standout with the menu or drinks, but it's an interesting spot anyways. I would rather go to other locations for more interesting food in general.
We had an awesome time at this place. First let me preface by saying we had a large party. For large parties this place is great. If you have been here before you will know there are several large tables throughout the restaurant perfect for larger parties. What you may not know is they have a sampler menu that if six or more people at the table order, you can get. There are three different menus, depending on how hungry you are, and they are surprisingly reasonably priced. It includes a variety of appetizers, multiple main courses and dessert. The food was amazing as you would expect at this establishment, and the service amazing. Our server, Erin, made the evening even more enjoyable. In addition the drinks were great. There is one called tranquility which I recommend. Thanks for reading and enjoy!
I tried to find Chef Dale Talde and was so delighted to find out that he's a consultant at Buddakkan.Had dinner there with my husband last Sunday and the  place was amazing! Enjoyed virtue even if I really don't drink.  We ordered the chili rock shrimp. It was good, but not as GOOD as the pork belly with hoisin sauce!  We also had the edamame dumplings, which is a bit too rich for me and lacked flavor. I was waiting for an explosion of flavors, but it fell short. Reminded me of my son's baby food. I was too full after that so we just shared the crispy fish of the day and the lobster fried rice. The presentation of the fish was just art. It was yummy, but I'm afraid I've had similar tasting fish at East Ocean in Forrest Hills, which is my favorite dimsum in New York. Our super nice waiter recommended the almond bread pudding and we will forever revere him for it! It is the most fabulous dessert I've had. In short, the four stars were mainly because of the pork belly, almond bread pudding, and a bit of the lobster rice. We need to go back and have some beef...then we'll find out if this place would be one of our all time favorites like the Dining Room in Pasadena, California.
A NYC staple!!! If you haven't been you have to go at least once. Great food, great decor and a fun time for big groups of friends.
2 Helpful caveats: (1) Youre paying for the ambiance and location, not the quality of the food.   (2) Drink and app prices are average for similar Manhattan restaurants.First, everyone who works here looks like they could be an actor. That is to say it is a deliberately attractive staff.  Dim, sultry lighting throughout, minimalist, Asian-inspired decor and lots of elbow room from one table to the next.  The atmosphere in general feels like "where the cool kids go for Chinese food".But this is definitely not where foodies go, nor is it where fans of Chinese food go.  I got the rock shrimp and potato pancakes (topped with short rib). While the latter dish was passable, the former was not fresh...at all.  Im not sure how that happened since its a popular dish.  Portions were sizable for both, though neither was particularly flavorful. Ive had better rock shrimp everywhere from Nobu to PF Chang's.  In fact the menu is not much more adventurous than Changs.   I did enjoy my Charm cocktail though not enough to warrant a return.I think if you want a cool, chic NYC experience where your guests arent sitting on top of each other at the table, Buddakan is great.  You will get full without breaking the bank. You wont be disappointed in the service. Just bear in mind that this isnt going to be mind blowing meal and I think youll leave pretty satisfied.
I absolutely loved this place -- great atmosphere, and even better food. I had the charred steak fillet and it may have been one of the best steaks I've ever had. Delicious side of potato-chippy things and some kind of creamy butter sauce that I would put on just about anything and expect it to only make it better. I cannot wait to go back. The desserts also looked amazing -- we were too stuffed to try one, but are planning to go back just for that this weekend.
I can only speak about the lounge/bar. We went there while waiting for friends and grabbed drinks at the bar. The elevation and the tranquility drinks. They were both outstanding and extremely refreshing. The place was packed and loud. The bartender was very nice. We will have to try out the food next time we are in town.
The Bad- Tasted like normal asian food (jade shrimp dumpling, general tso's dumpling which is like shanghai dumpling)- OverratedThe Good- TARO PUFF LOLLIPOP- Chilli rock shrimp was okay- Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice (tastes awesome)- Crying chocolate was okay- Decor was coolThe Bottomline- You can check it out depending if you eat chinese food a lot. If you are a chinese food eater, don't waste your money here for the same thing. But some of their things are pretty good. Not really worth the trip here though.
If just for the grand opening when you walk down the stairs to the main dining area, you will fall in love. I will always have to stop by here when I'm in town.
I've going to this Restaurant for about 10 years the food is very good and delicious the staff are friendly and great the ambiance always good and sexy. Love this restaurant so much and recommend everyone to try it out.
Awesome place! Food, service and atmosphere is phenomenal!!!
Great decor and presentation. The portions were small and expensive and served colder than expected considering they tout bringing out orders when the are ready. Had to wait over 10 minutes between dishes ordered at the same time.
Overall, beautiful spot with sexy ambiance! If you're looking to eat some yummy Asian fusion (non greasy) dishes and be surrounded by a beautiful atmosphere, this is the place for you.I would've given Buddakan 5 stars, but I am giving 4 stars only because my first experience was sub-par. I contacted Buddakan about my negative first experience and the Director of Operations Steve wrote me back immediately. He was extremely attentive and invited us back for a do over. I was shocked with the high level of customer service! His passion for the establishment was quite refreshing and I decided to try it again for my anniversary. As soon as we arrived, the manager was there awaiting us and greeted us pleasantly! The service from start to finish was impeccable and the food was SO good. Please ask the waiter for recommendations because they are usually spot on. My husband's favorite was the hoison glazed pork belly and mine was steamed sea bass roll. Both were so juicy, made fresh, and just melted in our mouths. The shrimp and lobster chow fun had generous portions of lobster and huge shrimp to my delight. The crying chocolate dessert was SOOOOO DECADENT and beautifully plated. The carrot cake was out of this world, definitely gourmet. The cream cheese ice cream was a unique twist! You won't go wrong with either of these choices, in fact I HIGHLY recommend getting both. For cocktails, you just can't go wrong with the "Fate" martini. Definitely highlights the meal!  Thanks to Buddakan, we have great memories of our anniversary and we will definitely be returning many times over. Hands down the BEST customer service I've ever experienced in New York City - comparable to the finest dining restaurants around the world! A true gem in a bustling city. For skeptics, give it a try and you may be surprised. Speak  up and let the waiter know what types of foods you enjoy, what level of seasoning and if you are adverse to certain ingredients (I don't like oily / salty foods). I will be recommending Buddakan to all my friends and family! :)
I know I will sound like Carrie Bradshaw for saying this, but I don't care. I LOVE BUDDAKAN! It makes me want to put on a sexy dress and really high heels, drink expensive cocktails and eat Asian fusion food while gossiping with my girlfriends or oogling my really hot date. The scene is definitely sexy. The big black door makes you feel like you're entering a club when you first go in. And get ready - you essentially are in a club anyways! When you go in, you're greeted by a blast of music, a dimly-lit chic space and tons of good-looking people who are dining and drinking.The hostesses will be on your right and will likely encourage you to hit up the big bar behind you. Definitely recommend ordering a cocktail (I had the Tranquility) - they are great! There's also a pretty serious wine list for those of you out there :)The food does not disappoint either. So often with 'sexy' restaurants, the food sucks. Not at Buddakan! I highly recommend the crab sticky rice (if you're asking yourself 'is this worth $20?' the answer is YES!). We also got the broken chili chicken (very flavorful and not toooo spicy), rock shrimp and scallion pancakes. All were excellent and my date and I quickly devoured them.The restaurant is HUGE. Very good for groups and yet surprisingly ALSO good for  dates. For tables of 2, I'd recommend sitting upstairs (fewer tables, better service). For large groups, sitting downstairs is the way to go - lots of room and bigger tables down there. Full disclosure: Buddakan has been around a little while. Its not quite as brand-new as it once was (I'm looking at you MPD and Villa Pacri!) but I highly, highly recommend it. All your out-of-town friends will be like "You so hip" and all your dates will be like "This place is so sexy".  WINNING!
Came here for a friend's late night birthday dinner. Truffled edamame dumplings were really good but then again, what isn't good with truffle?Duck noodles were good but it's more of a soup dish than dry noodles so it was hard to share.Chili rock shrimp was okay. A bit salty and heavy on the mayo sauce for my taste.Tuna tartare spring roll was small but a solid dish.The food here is an overall good. I don't think it's an amazing culinary experience but rather, an ideal place to grab drinks and some small bites with friends. The atmosphere is hip and lounge-y, which is very typical of a New York restaurant.
Amazing food, great service, but only after they took over half an hour to seat us. I would have given them five stars if that hadn't been the case. Order the crab appetizer - it's amazing! The drinks and overall ambience are great too. Will definitely go back there. They won't seat you until all members of your party have arrived, so beware.
I dined at Buddkan this weekend and had a great dinner and experience!  My boyfriend and I visited from out of town and loved the atmosphere, food and drink offerings. Our initial reservation was at 11pm, but we wanted to dine earlier. We showed up around 9:30, and were told that they were running on time. Because of that, we decided to wait for a table in the lounge area while we got a drink. Luckily, a table opened up with 10 mins and we sat down! The waitress was very attentive and friendly. All of the food was delicious, especially the rock shrimp and the Chinese sausage chili rice. I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
food: 4 starsatmosphere: 6 stars average: 5 stars.ONLY get their appetizers (rib and seabass roll were great. get your dimsum at chinatown, not buddakan)The entrees are so-so. (we had lobster fried rice and cold udon with sorbet, which was weird.)But i loved the experience. must go once!
I had heard good things about BUDDAKAN and couldn't wait to try it.  First of all, the decor is stunning and the menu offers some of the most interesting choices I've seen in a while.  It's too bad the food doesn't live up to the hype.  The much-touted chili rock shrimp are no more than greasy fried shrimp in mayonnaise.  The BoBo platter had some good items, some bad.  A ginger puree on the lamb chops was excellent but scarce.  The short rib with Asian pear had the pear chopped on the side...did it not occur to the chef to perhaps add some pear to the overly salty sauce?  The best part of the meal was the tofu cheesecake.  If you're looking for a night out with friends and a great bar scene, then try Buddakan.  If food matters, go elsewhere.
Entrance is located next to Chelsea Market.  You walk in and it's reminiscent of a hotel lobby.  Then after checking in you walk up a few stairs and you feel a club vibe.  Super cool atmosphere.  The decor is stunning.  There is one room with a gigantic table which I dubbed as "The Last Supper" room.  Really crazy appearance.  We ordered the mid range tasting which was $80pp.  Highly suggest you go as a group and order one of the tastings.  It's amazing the amount of food you receive.  They keep running it out to you.  Some of the best things were the edaname dumplings, cod and fillet in butter sauce.  Desserts were creative as well.  Probably best for a first timer like myself because it was a surprise as to what the next food brought out was going to be.  Musts are make a reservation and go with a group.  Not a once a month type of place, but great for out of towners or special occasions.
This was Buddakan's chance to redeem itself after our horrible customer service experience last December, and I'm happy to report that they did a wonderful job. We started with lobster egg rolls with a sweet chili sauce, and spare ribs that came with Chinese mustard. Both were excellent. The meat was tender and so flavorful. I think we'll be trying to recreate some of this at home soon because those combinations were so good. My boyfriend had the very flavorful Shacha Chicken, and I had the Steamed Sole for dinner. Both were great. The sole had a very delicate, subtle flavor and the texture was light. I enjoyed a bite of the chicken too, and it was dripping in it's own savory goodness. We got a side of char-grilled asparagus with a black bean foam (how trendy) and that was garlicky and delicious. Dessert was a weeping molten chocolate cake with jasmine tea infused ice cream. We waddled out of the restaurant, happily sated.One of the best parts of this experience other than the great food was our server, Sam. He was super professional, while being warm and friendly. He was particular about making sure the kitchen got us our food exactly as we would have wanted it, and in a timely manner. We were paying with a gift letter, so he may not have been expecting a tip on the whole price of the meal, but he gave top notch service anyway. We were pleased to make sure he was compensated in excess of what the full price of the meal would have been. His service and additional effort to ensure our good experience did not go unnoticed or unappreciated. Thanks!
AMAZING! The venue is SO beautiful. The best way to describe the food is "FLAVORFUL". The cocktails....even better. The only down side is that I was not too impressed with the lobster fried rice, but I see no reason to take away a star for that. You can't go wrong choosing Buddakan. :)
My friend took me here for my birthday. We got the chilli shrimp rock, lobster noodle, lobster fried rice, hoisin glazed pork buns and crying chocolate cake. They were all delicious!!! You can skip the lobster noodles but it was good. The price wasn't too bad either. Not as overpriced as most NY places.
What a beautiful place! the decor is truly breathtaking!Pricey but delicious, the charred beef remains my favorite! My favorite part of the meal had to be the coconut rice..very different taste but delicious nonetheless!Can get really busy but service was great.
Beautiful decor, impressive lighting and extremely large space. Buddakan has club like feeling. It is great for a groups as the food is for sharing. Food isn't over the top but is well presented. I come here usually for a few a drinks and the Lobster Fried Rice.
Excellent place, they are always really busy no matter what day of the week. I have been to buddakan on several occasions and it's still my favorite restaurant for several reasons. The food is tasty, and I always look forward to their almond bread pudding, it tastes like heaven! I cannot wait to go back.
I came here for my graduation dinner with family. I'm not complaining Abt the service in general (which was not so amazing). I am mainly concerned Abt smth more important: their tuna tartare was so bad. Tasted like blood and nothing like a tuna tartare. We were just at STK the night before and we had a great tuna tartare. After having this tuna tartare here at buddakan (not sure if it's really tuna) I felt nauseous right away. My sister felt the same too. I'm really concerned Abt this as it's a health issue more than it is smth that didn't come out tasty. Also the rock shrimp was not good. It was mainly a fries shell with nth inside (couldn't taste shrimp inside). Really disappointed that I made this choice for my grad dinner (although I have been here many times before and used to think it's fine). Now I know this place is getting so bad.. Unfortunately !!
Beautiful restaurant with a very romantic dimly lit ambience. Service somewhat slow. Food tasted not terrible but not good, and is SO overpriced and unimaginative. Think PF Changs but more overpriced with smaller portions. You're paying for the environment which I'm not denying is quite amazing inside.
A few years ago I was introduced to the soup dumpling (XIAOLONGBAO). We went into china town, to a place that we were warned will have a line. Sure enough, there was indeed a 45 minute wait. I argued that it's not worth the wait when we were surrounded by a multitude of dumpling joints. He insisted, and I'm glad he did. I've been obsessed with soup dumpling ever since. I've been all over NYC  Seattle devouring soup dumplings at any establishment that serves them. A few have come close, but none were as good as the first time I had them, until I tried the General Tso dumplings at Buddakan. Simply Amazing. The portion and quantity are a bit light but it matters not. They alone are worth dining here.
Had drinks in the bar. Delicious Old Fashions, peaking through to a grand ballroom. Sheek and dark.
This has to be one of my all time favorite restaurants. I don't care what you say--- Buddakan stands out from Asian-fusion-bada-bada-bing restaurants.  The food phaken delicious!What you have to order:Soup dumplingsEdemame DumplingsMushroom NoodlesMISO CODEVERYTHINGGGGGG
Great ambiance, fabulous cocktails, pretty damn good food...all equal a fun night out. Came for a friends birthday and were seated as soon as everyone arrived.  We were downstairs in one of the side rooms and we had a great server.  He helped with suggestions and was always there when we needed something.  First, drinks were fabulous.  I had the gin/lychee drink as well as the spicy one (um yeah, can't remember names) and both went down a little too quickly.  We all shared a ton of food... Edamame dumplings - worth the hypeHoisin Glazed Pork Belly - awesome, ate more than my fair shareCarrot Dumplings - cute presentation but didn't blow me awayBeef Lettuce Cups - we all enjoyedTuna Tartare Spring Roll - got some nice rave reviewsBoneless Spare Ribs - nice flavor, slightly reminded me of Chinese take out thoughWild Mushroom Chow Fun - a winnerChinese Sausage Fried Rice - typical fried rice, a little too greasyCharred Asparagus - best asparagus I've had in yearsMongolian Lamb Chops - great flavor, not worth the money thoughBroken Chili Chicken - loved the sauce, didn't expect the chicken to be tempuraBread Pudding - obvi not Asian but good! Definitely recommend for a fun night out, as a date, with friends, etc!
Wasn't thoroughly impressed. Atmosphere was really good along with mixed drinks. Maybe it's because I'm Asian but I've definitely had better fusion food.
Buddakan is the epitome of absolutely gorgeous decor and ambiance.  I took someone here for a birthday dinner, and in every sense of the word it lived up to my expectations.  There is nothing that I can say that can do this place justice without you seeing it with your very own eyes.  With its inconspicuous entrance, to its Asian inspired artwork, its dimly lit side rooms that oozes sexiness and romance, and its defining ornament that makes the center room so grandiose, the large table.Though it has been some time since I had dined here, so I can not tell you specifics of what I ordered, I can tell you it was exquisite.  Service was phenomenal, and everything that you would expect from a restaurant such as this.I am dying to come back here, but this time gather up a big ole' group of friends, and sit at that center table.  I'm sure I should be making that reservation now if I want to do that for my May birthday.. wish me luck!
I had really high hopes for this place. The decor is gorgeous. The drinks are expensive, but delicious. I really didn't like the food. Everything we ordered just tasted very simple and reminded me of overpriced Chinese food. Really not impressive. The dessert was delicious, but I don't think I'll be returning here just for the drinks and dessert.
It's a good experience to go to this restaurant. Very upscale, trendy, and high-class vibe.. Dress up nicely to go in this area... The service is good. But I'm nt crazy about their food.. I'm a chick that loveeessss to eat and the serving is enough to reach halfway my esophagus. Me and my boyfriend hit up other restaurants to eat more food. Don't come here hungry.
Had drinks there on Tuesday night and I must say that the two female bar tenders were so much more professional, and friendly than most bars in NYC...the drinks were great and we had a great time.  Other NYC bartenders should take notes!
I came here for the third time last night.  One trend I am noticing about this place is that they do not necessarily honor reservations (unapologetically, I might add).  For example, if you have a 9pm reservation do not expect to be seated promptly upon arrival.  Instead, expected to be penned up in the noisy and overcrowded bar area.  That being said, the service has always been professional and friendly once you are seated.  The food is flavored nicely for the most part.  Highlights from our meal were the peanut udon noodles with lime sorbet (literally wanted to drink the sauce) and the peanut butter bar we had for dessert.  I would not, however, recommend the vegetable with thousand layer tofu dish.  The tofu was flavorless and the vegetables were run of the mill stir fry.
Outstanding. I went for dinner and was seated immediately. I love the ambiance and the food was delicious. The edamame dumplings were delicious as were the Bo Bo Plate, and the Mongolian Lamb Chops. The only part of the meal that I wasn't crazy about was the Lobster Fried Rice- the lobster was way too chewy and our wine wasn't chilled (wine being a very easy fix)If you're in the area and looking for Asian fusion, Buddakan is definitely worth a go. You won't be disappointed.
Sex and the City hype.  The restaurant is beautifully decorated.  It is definitely fun to go and experience once, but the food wasn't anything to write home about. My food was a little too salty for my taste, and a little overpriced for what we got.
Rating is actually 3.5I came here because I was told this is a place you must have seen. So, the interior did not impress me. The reception is indeed like a spa's reception, I think someone wrote that here before. So, I had the drink Solid, the jade shrimp dumplings and the garlic lobster with chive. My friend had a margarita, tuna tartar and the crabs with lime and cilantro. We shared the lobster fried rice. The finale: crying chocolateGood things first. I loved the drink Solid, a solid performance, and the cryyyyinnng chocolate.. heavenly good. I would return on late nite, have a cocktail and the crying chocolate. The jade shrimp dumplings were good. The lobster was too garlicky.. or too chivey.. you couldn't taste the lobster at all which I think is a pity. The tuna tartar was nothing special, neither the lobster fried rice or the crab.So, come here for dessert or drinks and that's it :)In my opinion the lounge is too dark for a dinner. If I had a table in the lounge I would only have dessert and drinks there for sure.The food is good but not everything is finger-licking good.
There was time when I thought Buddakan was one of the best restaurants in NYC...This review is based solely one the food, as the waitstaff is very solid. I went last week after not having eaten here in about two years. I was excited to have the lobster fried rice, as it was one the best fried rice variations I have ever had. We ordered the following:Boneless Spare Ribs - I was a little suspect hen I saw that they were soaked in sauce and as soon as I took a bite I realized why - completely dry and overcooked.Calamari Salad - Cold and flavorless. It was literally lettuce and cold, pre-frozen, unseasoned calamari.Szechuan Long Beans - I know they say long, however, these were short and stubby...not to mention over cooked and soggy.Pork Dumplings - Run of the mill pork dumplings. For $18, I would expect more. I paid $6 once for the same amount dumplings from a cart in Burlington, VT (seriously, check out Hongs.) that were much more flavorful and filled with double the pork.Lobster Fried Rice - Ahhh, here it comes I thought, my eyes lit up with excitement, I dug my fork in and took a big bite. Utter failure. You know when you order Chinese when you're drunk and you leave the rice out for a while and it gets cold and hard? Exactly what this was. It tasted like it had been reheated and had no taste of lobster whatsoever.I definitely complained and the manager comped the bill (which she should have), but I left a tip for the waitress, who was good. I was definitely disappointed when I left. I know they are busy and they probably had a 60 person party that night, but that's not an excuse. When you pay premium prices, you should get premium food and on the this night Buddakan was off. I may return someday, but I'd rather just dream about how good the lobster fried rice used to be.
Great atmosphere, if your in NYC and want a nice relaxing hot place to go with good food make sure you stop by this place.The lounge was nice as well.My favorite dish: charred fillet of beef if you like steak.The service was bit slow but over all good experience:)
Definitely worth going, although expensive the experience and the food were great. The service was good. The problem is that it is generally to crowded and reservation are generally far. So if you plan t go just make sure you plan it ahead.
this place is great if you wanna something extravagant in presentation and the food is beyond great the portions are just right and I really can't complain I had my birthday here once and def will be returning . the chefs are amazing !!!!!!! so is the staff made me and my friends feel welcome and that's great in a place like this most places tend to be full of themselves.
Out of all the restaurants I've been to...This is still my ALL TIME FAVORITE and I went there this summer. Everything we got was unbelievable. The flavors were amazing and we got mostly seafood dishes. The cocktails were very good too and matched the food wellThe seafood broth dish with king crab was unlike anything I've ever had and I wish I could come back for it! The ambiance was amazing and the staff was so friendlyThere are only many compliments, no complaints here!
The service was really great. I love the interior design! I was a little disappointed to be seated so far back into the restaurant. I couldn't see the glorious main dining area. Most importantly... The food. Overpriced Chinese take out. Granted, it seemed to be a little less greasy and some items were quite good. But overall? I'm not coming back. Not worth the price tag.
I loved this restaurant it was amazing the scenery is so beautiful and the food was great. Service was kind and I felt very welcome can't wait to visit again
Great atmosphere for Asian fusion. This place is popping on a Saturday night. Definitely should make reservations. Prices are on the high side and portions are not the 'family style' that I'm used to in authentic Chinese restaurants but it was still good! Every entree and appetizer were delicious.My favs:Shrimp and Lobster Chow FunFive Spice ChickenPeanut Butter Bar (dessert)Chocolate cake w/ Jasmin Ice CreamThe desserts were innovative, delicious and out of this world. Go light on the mains and make sure you leave room for dessert.
We had a large family get together here this past July.  About 15 people.  We were sat on time, served promptly, and well for such a large group.  The food was very tasty, and everyone in our party had great things to say.  It worked for a wide ranging group from 7 year olds to teenagers to old guys like me!
First let me say I'm not a snobby eater.  Yes, I like a great ambiance, but you don't have to be a snob about it.  The menu/food should do the talking for you.  So with that said this place was a bit fancier than I would go to on a regular basis, but we were visiting doing the touristy thing and on that note...it was a perfect choice.  Especially since some of Sex in the City was filmed in the place!!!  I actually walked by the front door at first and thought I was lost.  It's very dark and mysterious.  I did not know how dressy it was, but they said nothing and were very gracious (I had just come from the Empire State Building and was in jeans, tee, and uggs!).  The staircase going down to the table definitely makes a statement!  The bread pudding with the whiskey ice cream and bananas......*singing* aaaawesome-nesssss!  We were still talking about that the next damn day!  LoL
Although the outside of this Chelsea restaurant isn't as noticeable, the inside of Buddakan is massive.  Upon entrance of Buddakan, you can tell you are at a New York restaurant with its dark, hip and zen-like vibe, but the ample space makes you think otherwise.  Dishes tried include lobster fried rice, edamame dumpling, tuna tartare, and a few less memorable items.  The food was good as an Asian fusion restaurant, but the scene and vibe is what drives many people here.  Buddakan is inviting (with a cost), cosmopolitan and is a place where you go to notice no one else but your  own party (also because it's so freaking dark inside).
This has been my go-to fave 'classy comfort food' place for the almost-4 years i've lived in NYC. Literally every time I want to feel good, eat good, and sip on delish cocktails I go here. I think some menu items are better than others, but ask the waiters, there's so much variety that they'll help you narrow it down to your taste or mood.My 2 food faves: I LOVE LOVE LOVE the edamame dumplings. melt in your mouth delicious but it comes with only like 5 so usually get 2 and split with people (I've attempted eating 2 whole orders of it myself but it is kinda rich after 6 of them). Next, I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE the chilled udon noodles with lime sorbet, cashews, candied ginger, snap peas. They're totally carb-licious but in Summer (or Winter or Fall or Spring really haha) they're refreshing and you don't want the dish to end.Drinks: I used to love the Ember, now its the Fever.... or the other way around? Either way the spicy-ish one is tasty. Also, Fate is a fresh yummy cocktail.Ok I might have to go again this weekend...
Each time is a completely different experience. The best asian fusion ever
Went here to celebrate his Birthday and our 2 year anniversary. The atmosphere is very romantic with dim lighting and beautiful decor. We arrived a little earlier than the time we reserved for and they were full so we went to the lounge to have a few drinks and wait. The male bartender was friendly while the female bartender seemed annoyed that my boyfriend was asking her the name of the drink she was making for someone else :-/ I ordered the "Fever" cocktail and he ordered the "Solid" which were both great. However, my boyfriend found a piece of blond hair in his drink (the only person we saw working with blond hair happened to be our waitress who brought the drink over to us) and when he took it to the bar they gave him a bit of an attitude but replaced it. Like it was his fault someones hair was in his drink or he placed it there to make their lives miserable lol pathetic (I have black hair). Anyway, we also ordered the "General Toss Dumplings" and they were delicious, beware though, they are a bit soupy inside so when you dig in, they pop and might splash on you. The only complaint, I felt like they were a little cold but didn't want to complain since they gave such attitude for the drink earlier. When we were seated, we were greeted by our waiter (so mad I can't remember his name!) but he was absolutely wonderful. He was not snobby or slacking at all. The floor manager who was walking around stopped and spoke to us a few times and was also very pleasant, even got down on the ground with his flashlight to help me find my earring back when it slipped out :-) lol. So we ordered the Garlic Lobster (nice big lobster cut up and sauteed/tasty but a little too much garlic for my taste), the Charred Filet of Beef with a spicy mayo-like sauce and mustard (delicious but on the small side) and the Lobster Fried Rice (not a fan, rice was a bit hard and very bland/bf thought it was fine). After dinner, our table was cleared and we were brought a banana bread dessert with bananas, ice cream,  cookies which read "Happy Anniversary" on one, "Congradulations" on another, "Happy Birthday" on the last, and candles. I thought it was very well presented, and the dessert was delicious. I made my reservation to the restaurant on opentable.com and noted that we were celebrating his bday and our anni  any kind gesture would be appreciated and I am am thankful for the way the dessert came out, my boyfriend thought it was a sweet little surprise. Howeverrrrr, (lol) I thought it was lame that they charged $10 for the dessert. Over all, it was a pleasant experience and the food was decent, I won't mind going back and hanging out in the lounge but I'm not in a rush to go back. Oh AND I was charged $300 on my CC when our bill was $150 for dinner (including tip) Currently waiting for the pending sign to go away so I can make a dispute :(
My favorite place in NYC! The ambiance is amazing and so is the food. Loved the monkfish the most. Drinks here are also really good. Make reservations.
This is a tough one. I'd say it was really a 3.5 star experience... better than OK, but I'm not sure I'd say I'm a "fan". However, I had a good time there and the tasty drinks were...well...tasty, so I'm going to round up this time.The space is beautiful, from the entrance through the bar, into the various dining areas and even to the restroom. It's difficult to describe, and interior decorating is not my strong point (just ask anyone that's seen my apartment) so I'll leave that to my betters.As far as the rest, I'll just keep it short and break it down.Service: GoodDrinks: Very goodFood: GoodPrice: HighBasically the food was good, but probably not good enough to justify the price. You're paying for the location and atmosphere as much as anything else.
Food: 3/5Service: 4/5Decor: 4.5/5Wine: 3/5 QPR: 4/5Very busy restaurant in chelsea area.  Always, packed and busy but nice decoration.  Food is OK not impressive but nothing was bad either.  Our waiter was very nice, attentive with welcoming vibe.  It is fusion Asian cuisine and I recommend this place for group dining with friends and family and romantic(?) diner for NEW young couple.  Prices are reasonable compare to the quality and the service with decent wine list.
Yelp review highlights usually never fails (unless it captures some weird keywords sometimes) and this time I got just what the Yelpers recommended.I tried the Rock Shrimp, Lobster Fried Rice, and Pork Buns. All three were pretty good, though nothing spectacular. I liked how spacious the restaurant was, considering it was in NY. It was dimly lit with nice decor and the service was great. Though for mediocre chinese food it was a bit on the pricier side. Still a pretty good find right next to Chelsea Marketplace.
This restaurant is absolutely beautiful - one of the nicest I've seen. I also thought the service was very nice. The food though...EH. I may not be the best judge because I really don't care for Asian fusion food. I found it wildly expensive for food that tasted like good Chinese takeout. Everything was doused with too much sweet sauce and tasted the same. My favorite was the black cod dish, but I still wasn't blown away by it. I will say that it is a very nice place to go if you have friends in town or with a big group because they have a sharing menu. Very nice ambiance.
Managed to snag a Saturday night reservation 5 days prior on OpenTable (thank you Jesus!) I really think the man upstairs wanted me to enjoy some delicious and impeccably presented food! I've been here twice (once, for a large birthday dinner, and again, for a simple dinner for two) and in both contexts, the service was attentive and prompt. It's rather easy to go overboard here, because everything on the menu looks fantastically delicious. Must haves are the Jade Shrimp Dumplings, Kung Pao Monkfish, Black Pepper Beef, and Chilled Udon Noodles. The Crying Chocolate dessert is beautifully presented and chocolate lovers will love its intense, rich chocolatey-ness paired with a delicate jasmine tea ice cream. If you want to have an elegant and sexy dinner, with elegant and sexy food, Buddakan is your perfect match.
( A two star rating from me means an average restaurant taking price into consideration. ) The service here is wonderful.  Everyone is polite and courteous and the waiters paid attention to detail in my opinion.  The one strange issue with this restaurant is that the bar and dining area do not share cash register receipts.  Therefore, if one orders at the bar, you have to close your tab and bring your drinks down to the table yourself.   ( I will also say that the bartender was polite, but unethical.  She pushed for the most expensive rum -- politely of course, but still highly unethical.  Felt like I was dealing with a nice used-car salesman.  ) The main room is the nicest place to dine for the experience of the large wide room that replicates a large manor's dining room.  I would suggest the main room for those that have not eaten here.The food here is either hit or miss from what we ordered during dinner time at around 7:30PM.  The edamame dumplings were wonderful in terms of texture and taste.   The shrimp dumplings are definitely  above-average.  The Mongolian Lamb with ginger was a great experience.The broccoli however was extremely salty.  I believe the dousing of what tasted like oyster sauce was overkill.  The lobster and shrimp chow fun was edible.  The lobster seemed like it was frozen or overcooked.  The noodles were clumped together.  However, the chow fun would have been wonderful in my opinion otherwise.  I recommend the sake-vanilla sorbet.  It's just wonderful.For the price it seems hit or miss depending upon what you order.  Some of the food was very very good, while other dishes seemed as if the chefs just didn't care enough.  I would definitely return here if I heard the food preparation and cooking/grilling were consistent, this would receive four stars from me as the food would be worth the price.  However, it will all depend on the chefs and management.  With the prices they are charging, I would have expected slightly more consistency with the food.  Without consistency, the food prices seem a bit high, and you are paying for the experience of the large room in my opinion.I will say that if you have average taste-buds, you'll love this place and find it worth the money.
I came here with a friend for his Holiday party. I thought the decor and the ambiance was really cool. A little bit on the darker end, but I definitely was a fan.We had a lot of their dishes and I thought the food was really good. Everything we had was pretty amazing, the fish, the duck, the shrimp. Definitely worth coming back.
Is this a CIA base? Cause it certainly feels like it when you walk in. Totally unnoticeable from the outside, which during NYC winters, may be a problem for some to locate. The food was delicious. But not worth forking over so-much-money-delicious. Some favorites were the Mongolian lamb chops and the black pepper beef. Desserts also stood out as we got the pumpkin cheesecake. I appreciate the Cantonese influence in the menu but I was unaware my ancestors had a hard sauce. Thanks for letting me know, Buddakan. Also, if you're here for a birthday celebration, as I was, it is imperative that you get a shot of some sort of liquor (we got Ciroc). Be surprised at what arrives at your table shortly.
We had an 11pm reservation, arrived about 10 minutes prior to our reservation and was still seated. If not, then you can hang out and relax with a great drink at the bar.Pretty good place to eat if your looking for a hip spot in the Meatpacking District.. The Edamame (sp?) dumplings are def a great starter to a wonderful meal.. Don't spend your $$ on lobster rice.. It is literally white rice with pieces of lobster (not the meaty areas neither)..The waiters are definitely attentive to your needs ... If you don't mind the mass traffic inside then this the place to go :
Amazing meal!! Let me start off by saying that our server Jerry was the best. We asked him for his favorites off the menu and he did not disappoint us. We started of with the jade shrimp dumplings,  and the spicy yellowtail yu sheng, both were perfection. The flavor profiles were very well balanced, sweet, spicy and delicious.  For the main course we had the crispy pork, and the kung pao monkfish. The crispy pork was moist, well balanced and tender, great flavor. The monk fish was amazing!! Great sauce with it, sweet, spicy and well balanced also. The side dishes we had were the Dan Dan noodles ( amazing!!), the vegetable fried rice was awesome, and we had the string beans ( which were ok, not great).To finish this all off we had the almond bread pudding (This was the best desert I ever had), it is a must have. One of the best meals I have had in a long time, a bit pricey, but considering how good it was it is worth it.
I still dream about the Wok freid oyster with Foie gras with thai basil, king soy!- great service- excellent drinks - dark and mysteriousI love Asion Fusion or as I like to call it Asian Inovation.
The ambiance is AWESOME but the food is whatever. If you are from out of town and looking for good food, this isn't a place I'd recommend. But if you are coming here to say you ate at Buddakan - order the Alaskan Black Cod, Dan Dan Nodles, Tuna Tartare Spring Roll, Chili Rock Shrimp, the Mongolian Lambchops and the Sizzling Short Ribs.
Not much to be said that hasn't already been said.  We had excellent services which makes you feel much better when your going out to a $$ place.The Kung Pao Monk Fink is excellent, if you've never had monkfish this is a great way to order it.  So were the pork buns.We left happy, full, mildly buzzed and with the expectations that we'd be back
The only reason I didn't give this a 5 star rating was because the food wasn't as spectacular as I thought it would be.The atmosphere was awesome. What a beautiful decor!However, for what we paid for our meal it wasn't all that awesome in my opinion.
Went here with a group of friends for my birthday dinner. The atmosphere is very posh and dimly lit. You will really feel grown and sexy eating here. The staff was very very helpful, and I appreciated that as I was having a very bad night, but they helped  to make everything better. The food was good and the drinks were amazing! A bit pricey, but well worth it for the atmosphere, location, and service you receive. This is a great place for large crowds or a super sexy date nite. Everyone should experience Buddakan at least once.
45min wait. Stuffed up booking. We asked about the booking a few times and they kept saying we will find you. The manager tried to redeem with free appetiser. Good food and nice decoration. Still. What a stuff up. Should think about hiring smarter front of house and policy of waiting guests.
Came here on a Friday night. The lobby/waiting area is filled to the brim with swanky people too cool to look hungry. Make no mistake: Anyone in the know came here to dine. I mean, there's got to be a reason why their waiting lounge is so big, right?This is probably the first Chinese "tapas" restaurant I've ever been to. After the half hour wait, we're taken down into the belly of the beast where the restaurant actually is. The food here is exquisite. From the Tuna Tartar Spring Rolls to the Edamame Dumplings, everything is made to perfection. The prices are a bit steep but you definitely get what you pay for here. I highly recommend this place if you have money to splurge.
3.5 starsThere were some hits and misses recommended by Yelpers...We waited in the lounge for less than a minute before our table was ready.L. and I were seated downstairs next to the main room. It's pretty dark in there... We ordered:1) Hoisin-glazed Pork Belly: these were so good, and can really fill you up!2) Edamame Dumplings: pillowy soft, but mushy inside -- Good, not great, not a huge fan of edamame.3) Chili Rock Shrimp: horrible: taste like tangy, buffalo wing sauce on fried shrimp - L. loves everything, but hated this dish -- Nobu has better Rock Shrimp.4) Whole Crispy Fish: Big enough for 3, good - but I prefer a whole steamed/fried fish in Chinatown...5) Sizzling Short Rib: dry, didn't care for it. The mushroom chow fun was good, similar to authentic chinese style, but a lil too salty.5) Chinese Sausage Fried Rice: yes, it's greasy, it's dried pork sausage with pork fat. -- L loved it, I liked the egg. You can definitely taste the chinese sausage in every bite, which may or may not be a good thing depending on how much you like it... ;)Drinks -- 1) Fever - worse drink - it wasn't spicy, there was no kick to it, it was just bitter.2) Charm - if you like sparkling white wine, which I don't -- you'll enjoy it3) Fate -  best drink of the night - really sweet though.4) Depth - great, slight sweetness from the lychee, could taste the sake.I had all 4 drinks and I was totally fine, those drinks need more alcohol... or maybe it's just me.Seriously I was full on the appetizers alone and I didn't even have lunch. The entrees weren't as small as I thought they'd be. I don't think the food was too expensive, considering you're paying for the quality and the ambience. The decor is okay, nothing really special.I prefer authentic chinese food in Chinatown, but I also like cleanliness, great service, and ambience, so I'll be back to try the other appetizers on the menu.Bill came to $216 for 2 with a huge tip.
Buddakan offers a high-end Chinese dining experience.  At a special place like this, I usually stick to the something I've tried before and not to branch out to other items on the menu.  However, I haven't had one dish that I haven't like at Buddakan.  So far, everything is very impressive. It's hard to rank which items on the menu are my favorites, since they're all good.  Here are a few suggestions: Adameme Dumplings (amazing, never tried anything else like it), Chili Rock Shrimp, Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice, Asian Green Stir Fry, Sizzling Short Rib, and Singapore Chili King Crab.
This place is really exactly as it's reviewed. I had a good time. I have been there a couple of times. It's price, there are some serious stairs. If you're not proficient in wearing your heels ladies don't wear a new pair there.We were there for late night eats and drinks. Service can be a little slow so just go directly to the bar!
Amazing.  That is all you need to know.  My suggestions:  Edamame Dumplings (a must), Lobster Egg Rolls, Charred Filet of Beef, Shrimp and Lobster Chow Fun, Lobster Fried Rice.
Dinner on a Sunday night is pretty chill at this Buddakan.  I wasn't really dressed up but I didn't feel out of place due to the really dark interior.  I went with promises of the best crab fried rice I'll ever experience but discovered that the NY branch only offers lobster fried rice, which we got instead.  Was it the best lobster fried rice I think I'll ever eat?  Well.... maybe I'll append that with a disclaimer that I don't really like fried rice in general.  Not at an authentic Chinatown spot, not at an Asian fusion spot.  On the other hand, this was my first meal of the day so anything slightly impressive should have blown my socks off... and they stayed very nice and neatly on my feet. Among the other things we ordered that night, I enjoyed our Bo Bo Plate, an appetizer sampler plate with 2 each of tuna spring rolls, sesame shrimp toast, boneless spare ribs, carrot dumplings, and Cantonese spring rolls.  My favorite, surprisingly, was the carrot dumplings for its non-fried flavor and gummy-looking, chewy orange wrap.  I don't deny that it sounds gross but it was a fun texture to experience around a delectable pocket of saucy shiitake mushrooms.  Except for the spare ribs which I refrained from, the rest wasn't bad but the taste of fried oil sort of overwhelmed what ever taste they were supposed to offer.The other two dishes we tried were my spiced tofu  cashews and my friend's medium rare charred filet of beef.  The best thing in my dish was the pineapple while my friend's filet came out medium even after we sent it back.  I appreciated how the manager came around to greet us and offered to send the filet back but was turned off by how our server then not-so-secretly disdained this request to the same manager who had extended this service to us.  Mystifying.Lastly, I enjoy strong ambiance as much as the next person who enjoys getting stares from taxidermied animals (Freemans) or kitschy cow figurines (Maureen's Kitchen).  When the main dining area of a restaurant (read: not lounge or bar) is so dark to the point of making me sleepy, then maybe it's time to ease up on the mood non-lighting and splurge a little for the higher electricity bill.My experiences with Asian fusion have never been stellar due to personal taste preferences for the cheaper, spicy stuff of the actual motherlands.  For the other camp that can't get enough of that exotic Eastern mystique, Buddakan will probably fit your $$$ bill just right.
Must say that I loved Buddakan from hello.... The decor, the food, the drinks, the vibe.  This is a must try, at least once.  I have yet to ever seat at the long communal table. But I have hung out by the bar and ordered a few tidbits with friends a few times.  I have sat at the top looking down having a quite dinner with family. Honestly, I just love the spot itself. Love the drinks, the menu, the 'everything'.      Now, let me be real about it.Can I get better food in ChinaTown? Yes!Can I get this vibe? NO!!!!The food is great for where it is and what it is.  It is nouveau chinois.  And I love it.  This isn't the totally comfort chinese food that I usually crave.  But if it was, it would be a grimy spot and in china town like Hop Kee and Wo Hop.  This is what Nobu 57 is to sushi for me.  As far as upscale Chinese food, this is top notch.  I highly recommend Buddakan.I have a few fave items that I recommend: the Chili Rock shrimp, dumplings and the Peking duck.Fyi, get dolled up and be ready to see and be seen here.  Great for a romantic dinner, drinks with friends, or a group.
We went here on our first night out in New York with high expectations following the reviews on yelp but found the food to be average if not poor at times! The service was very good and the decor was stunning which set a good tone for the dinner. We ordered the edamame dumplings on recommendation which were not very nice at all. I am a big lover of red meat and was extremely disappointed with the quality of the lamb and thought the glazing was awful. Out of what we ordered, the yellow tail and the devilled tuna tartare were very nice however. It's a nice place with average food that is massively overpriced!
We stayed in New York at the end of September 2009, and went to this restaurant since it was in the Sex and the City movie and we are total nerds for the show. I didn't realize until we got inside how huge the restaurant is! Each room seems to have its own style and feel to it, and they all are very elegant. The service was good, my friend was a vegetarian so we had some eating restrictions and our waitress was able to let us know which dishes were safe.We ordered the edamame dumplings, which were awesome! I could have ordered two more plates of these easily. We also shared the Chinese Garden Salad, which was awesome, there were little pieces of lychie in it and I love having a touch of fruit in my salad. I know we ordered another dish, but I can't recall what it was, and then we had the Crying Chocolate for dessert which was super rich but super wonderful! I would love to go back to this restaurant, too bad it's so far away!
I wish I could give this place 10 stars. It is very funky and modern looking, even from the outside. When you walk in it feels like you are going to check into a hotel; there is a long desk with a bunch of hostesses waiting to assist you. The lounge/bar area looked very nice - dark and intimate with lots of cozy tables. The upper area of the restaurant is more modern while the lower level is more traditional with high ceilings and pretty chandeliers. On to the food...one word: AMAZING. I wanted to try everything. I was with 3 other people so we ordered a couple of appetizers to share and then 4 main dishes and a side. The edamame dumplings and scallion pancakes were the perfect start. The dumplings were plump and flavorful and the addition of beef to top the scallion pancakes was a nice touch.My entree, the ginger glazed veal cheeks, came over lo mein noodles and a pickled apple salad. All the flavors came together really well and the meat was fall apart tender. Delicious. My dining companions entrees looked great as well - hot  sour scallops, sweet  sour chicken, dungess crab noodles. Our side, the sugar snap peas, were also cooked perfectly.Portions were just right. We all sampled delicious food and left full but not too full. Service was friendly and attentive.It is expensive? Yes. Is it for every day? No. But you can be sure I'll be back again for special occassions, like last night.PS get the Tranquility cocktail!
Awesome cocktails, great ambiance, terrible hostesses.Came here for a small birthday dinner, showed up on time with 3 out of the party of 4, hostess refused to seat us until the 4th showed up. Even when everyone was present, we had to wait another 25 minutes. The reservation had requested seating in the downstairs dining room, instead we were placed in a back empty corner upstairs, by this time we were so famished we didn't even want to spend another minute dealing with the dim-witted self-entitled struggling MAW (model-actress-whatever) hostesses to try and get better seating.Luckily being sat in the quiet corner meant much more attentive service. We went with three apps and three larger dishes, which turned out to me more than enough food. The edamame dumplings (which i was very skeptical about) were worthy of all its hype, the chili rock shrimp was blah - doesn't come anywhere close to nobu's rock shrimp, and the spring rolls were indistinguishable from chinese take-out spring rolls.On to the larger dishes, the sizzling short rib with mushroom chow fun was amazing...I would've been happy just eating that dish for a meal. The duck noodles were good but none of us realized from the menu that It actually was a wonton noodle soup type of dish. Lastly the chinese sausage fried rice came in a huge portion, enough for 5-6 people, but I was unimpressed, it was basically plain rice with a lot of grease and soy sauce.We finished up with ice cream, which of course was homemade and delicious. Overall, another great steven starr restaurant, 3.5 stars...would have been 4 without the long wait and backroom seating
Came here for my 2 year anniversary, it was so crowded upstairs so i though it wasn't going to be romantic, when we got downstairs, it was so quite, and the vibe was nice...Still looking for the Sauvignon blanc that we had that night! The crab rice was so yummy, as surprising as t may seem, all the food was filling, not too much, but enough. Great wine selection.  I enjoyed myself so much...It's crazy I reviewed this place 2 years ago, but my review was under some random place in Williamsburg with almost the same amount of reviews as Buddakan.  Gonna make sure it's real and not stealing.  Because I have never been there, but they had my review!Anyway this place is a must go!
We went to Buddakan in December 2012  upon recommendation from my boss who frequents NYC a lot. It was my birthday so we wanted to go somewhere nice while we were in the city. I will be honest we read reviews and everything seemed to be top notch. OH WERE THOSE REVIEWS CORRECT. The food here is absolutely amazing! I have to say I have never been to place that I thoroughly enjoyed every course. Be prepared to spend a little cash. It wasn't to ridiculous but it wasn't cheap. The staff was extremely nice. Our waitress was awesome.Food suggestions: BO BO Plate-Everything was absolutely fantasticLobster fried rice- AMAZING!Tea Soaked Sesame Beef- I could not get enough of this dish and I'm not a big beef eater. It was soooooo good! Sweet  Crispy Jumbo Shrimp- These as well were very good.Crying Chocolate- It was so good I would have licked the plate if I wouldn't have looked crazy!!! I HIGHLY SUGGEST THIS RESTAURANT!!!!We plan on returning when we are in the city in May.
Came here with some friends since we were visiting and we wanted to try out a fine dine restaurant in the area. My friend made reservations and the only possible times they had seemed to always be at 5pm or 10pm. We chose the earlier reservation and when we came in, we were seated on the top floor near a family with children. T.T You can imagine my disappointment in our seating placement. On top of that, our server was a jerk and told us that 3-4 plates would not be enough. We obviously went to the host and requested for another table and we were seated at a more secluded table downstairs. We ordered the rock shrimp, pork belly, Lobster Fried Rice and Mushroom Chow Fun which was WAY more then enough for us. We didn't even get the finish the plates! We ended our meal with the crying chocolate and it was DELICIOUS. I would absolutely recommend ordering this dessert. I think it came out to be $30-$40 each person which isn't bad at all. I took a star off for that horribly rude server which I can not seem to recall his name but he had fairly long dirty blonde or blonde hair and another star off for the initial horrible seating. You're seriously going to seat a group of girls trying to enjoy their time next to a family with kids -.-
Our first night at NYC, I finally checked out Buddakan. I hate to say this but everything NYC does it better! There were lots of well-dressed people but it was a relaxing ambience. We decided to have a few appetizers and drinks before heading to another place. I had a few glasses of the Malbec which was good. The menu was a surprise to me it was all chinese, that's was unusual because most places like such would have a Asian fusion menu including sushi. I decided to try the peking duck salad. The frisee was lightly dressed with rice wine vinegar the type that was used in sushi rice. It was mildly acidic and was not overwhelming. The pieces of duck meat and crispy skins were scattered throughout the salad. The duck meat was cooked perfectly not dry and chewy. The skins retained the crispiness that had a good crunch. The music was good, much better than Jane for me.
Absolutely love this place! I love the way it is designed inside, very modern upstairs and around the restaurant down stairs while the room with the big table down stairs looks more traditional/Victorian looking. I have tried several dishes here: mushroom and sugar pea dumplings, vegetable dumplings (they are shaped like carrots) wild mushroom chow fun, Asian green stir fry, sugar snap peas, and the black bean silken tofu. The chow fun I asked to be made vegan. The tofu is simply amazing. It has like a ginger-sweet like sauce with squash, mushrooms, peppers, and tofu. I always get it! The vegetable dumplings are also amazing. They are not heavy because the wrapping around then is very thin. They are steamed and come with a sauce on the side. I can honestly say I enjoy everything I get here. The only one that was anything special was the Asian green stir fry. The staff is always so attentive and when I tell them I am vegan they are very helpful with picking out dishes I can have. The only time I had a problem was when I asked for soy milk on the side for my tea and they said they only have almond milk so they brought it but it didn't smell like almond milk and after several times of asking I found out it was regular milk. As for drinks, I like their 'Fever' drink which is a jalapeño - pomegranate drunk. As for desserts, I wish they had vegan options!
I just went to Buddakan this past weekend. The food is good! BUT I've had better. I didn't think it was that unique. I don't think it was anything special and I guess they should be more creative on the dishes that they're making.  After our whole meal, my cousin (the birthday girl) said that the dessert was the best part.  So dessert is great at buddakan! lol. Portions are a good amount. My favorite was the taro lollipops and that was just dimsum.The waiter was on top if his game and the service was good. They changed out plates, utensils and wiped the tables. The place is very beautiful but also very crowded. And I think they only have ONE bathroom. A big and beautiful place with just one bathroom, really? There must be something wrong.This place is good for groups and dates! Enjoy the beautiful place and dining.
I really love this place. Been here four times and never have been disappointed. I love the tuna tartare spring rolls. The black cod was amazing. We also ordered the dungeness crab with sticky rice which was a bit on the salty side. I got the  Crying Chocolate for dessert and the jasmine ice cream was so delicious. The service was top notch. One of my fav restaurants.
Had Charm as a appetizer drink. Fresh berries make the drink. Fantastic. Refreshing. For our meal we had:Tuna Tar Tar- so fresh. Perfect kick at the end. Perfect crunch. Spring roll-Soft. Perfect. Well blended. Kung pao monkfish--perfect spice. Light crispy.Charred asparagus was very good. Professional service. Fantastic friendly server Owen. Proficient service. Recommended the filet which was exquisite.
First off i would like to say this rating is on the high end of three stars.Cool, modern place with a relatively discrete location, check. Interior much larger and fancier then expected, check. Food and staff, ehh OK.I made a reservation, walked in and had to wait a few minutes, cool. Walking through the restaurant it was completely empty which was odd for 5:00 on a Saturday. Did they have to pretend to be busy to impress me? Not sure.I did like the environment, it was really cool and unique. The big eating area in the middle was pretty sweet especially if you had a big crowd. And the medieval theme was working for me. I was sat at a table, kind of in the middle of things and sun right in my face. Not too comfy.Now to the food. I saw a review saying this place is a "glorified PF Chang's" They couldn't have been more right. I would go into detail but to say it was an above par take on American-Chinese would be enough.I would go back with friends, not the best place to take your significant other though.
Really solid meal. Sexy, trendy space. The edamame dumplins are unique and delicious... almost reminds me of a Japanese perrogie. Came here a while ago, I don't really remember to many of the details of what else we had, but I remember really leaving happy.
Went to Buddakan for my husband's and my birthday. We started with drinks at the ultra trendy lounge. Delish cocktails. The decor definitely make you feel sophisticated and like you are in one of MyC's hot spots. The different dinning rooms are beautiful. For food we started with the edamame dumplings. OMG Must haves, you would have nver had anything like it b4. We also shared the scallops. I had the Cod and my husband ordered the Short Ribs. Both were excellent. Very happy with my choices. Half way through the dishes though, we felt the dishes were overpowering. However side dishes of fresh cucumber and some other asian vegetable balanced the flavors well. The Lobster Rice was not worth it. Veery dry. I will probably try the sticky rice next time.
The ambiance here is great - the main dining room is stunning, the bar area is huge and comfortable, tons of seating and room to spread out and relax. The bartender knows what he's doing. Dining service wasn't superb and neither was the food, but I would give them both 3/5 stars. The menu is short and VERY fish heavy. Appetizers reign supreme, the entrees fall short - if I were to return, I'd probably just order dim sum in mass quantities. In the end, I much prefer Tao or Hakkasan, both of which offer a nearly identical experience and tout a more varied, mature menu. That being said, I doubt you'll hate Buddakan, and it's not a bad choice.
OK I must brake this place into two parts. One for for the food and one for the decor.First the decor, I give the place 4 stars for the decor. The place is set up very exotic and nice. Love the reds and golds throught out the place. The only downfall is the lighting, the place is too dark for people to see. Especially in the bathrooms.Thank goodness I know where all my parts are. I love the staris that goes down to the grand dinning area. I the set up is very old mideval style, with the long table and chairs with the high backs. Very niceNow to the food, I give it 3 stars. Nothing I haven't tasted at a cheaper Chinese or Asian fusion restaurant. The rock strimp was very nice with the spiced sauce.  I really enjoyed the pinapple chicken. The rice dishes was good too. Drinks, meh, They could give you some more spirits to the drinks.If you have money to spend or lucky enough to have your company party here, then this would be your place.
Great place for out-of-towners or the BT set.  Locals, go elsewhere.  The food is nothing to write home about, the drinks are marginal, and the place oozes cheesiness.  Exactly how to impress your cousins visiting from Ohio / New Jersey.
We made a reservation after we came through the space on a Sex and the City Tour. It was for a Saturday night a few weeks ago so I never dreamed we'd be able to squeeze in with such short notice but the woman at the front desk was very helpful and fit us in. We were hoping to sit in the large area but were ushered into a red room in the back. It felt a little chaotic and the music was pretty loud but the server helped us settle in and made some excellent recommendations. I think I was most impressed with how nice everyone was from the front all the way to the end. If you are able to score a reservation asked to be seated with Leslie. We had the perfect meal and she even helped us sort out our plans for after dinner dancing.
5 stars for the ambiance. Wow this place is really nice and spacious inside. The food was amazing, i definitely recommend:-The lobster fried rice-Charred Filet Of Beef wonton crisps, mustard sauce-Crying ChocolateOur waitress was very kind and helpful. Some portions were better than others (lobster fried rice was generous, while the filet of beef was decent). But the taste is what counts and you won't be disappointed.You're definitely paying a premium for the ambiance.
Came to this gem for my birthday last year. Located right next to Chelsea Market, it's easy to miss it at first, but once you sit down to eat here, you'll be glad you didn't.Let me start off by saying that this place is huge and can, in a night, easily accommodate more than 500 (according to one of their waitresses) guests. With multiple rooms that are set apart from one another in decor and vibe, they accomodate large parties fairly easily - but make a reservation if you can.Their menu is contemporary and is often comprised of interesting fusions that taste better than they sound. And it's vegetarian friendly. I recommend the Chilled Udon Noodles, which come with lime sorbet - sounds strange, but it was the best udon dish I've had to date. I also recommend their Vegetable Rice and Wild Mushroom Chow Fun. And for those looking for their meat fix, I'd recommend the Black Pepper Beef or the Lobster Fried Rice. And if you're planning on staying for dessert, sorbet and Crying Chocolate is the way to go. I think others can attest to that! I've also heard their teas are quite good. And I think I will have to go back to try their cocktails, which, from what I've heard, hit the spot.The service was spectacular, the night crowd is a lively one, and if you're celebrating something, you won't regret doing it here.
When Buddakan first opened up I was obsessed with it now I'm kind of indifferent about it. The restaurant itself is huge and beautiful! The service isn't great and they rush the food. After Sex and the City filmed the engagement of Big and Carrie here they blew up and now what was once a trendy hard to get into Buddakan became a tourist attraction ( how unfortunate). The food here is good so I don't complain if I do dine here. My appetizer must haves are: - Edamame dumplings which are absolutely phenomenal! - Tuna Spring Rolls - Duck Salad - Calamari Salad - Sausage fried rice with egg on top - Ribs - Beef with chip entree -Duck entree -Chicken Keep in mind the portions here are family style so order away and share a couple of different dishes! - Leave room for dessert because if you're lucky they have fantastic donuts ( unless you have my luck and they don't have them that day)
great spot for bday's and dates! the decor is cool. don't expect to be leaving on a full stomach..
The space here is gorgeous and much larger than you'd expect and the food while delicious, it's very, very, very expensive. We made reservations a couple weeks in advance so we didn't have any issues getting a table.  We had a number of dishes and the the stand outs were:- edamame dumplings - scallion pancakes that were topped with braised short rib (a bit on the greasy side but the pancakes are pan fried so it's expected)- dungeness crab sticky rice - you will find large pieces of crab in it, rice is flavourful - cauliflower stir fry - I don't have cauliflower often so this was a great surprise.  Tasty and well cooked (not mushy). Service was fantastic and the waitress was helpful in going through the menu and answering any questions we had about it.
I'm a huge fan of Buddakan. The service is topnotch, the food is awesome and the atmosphere is romantic, swanky and fun. Must have menu items are:Edamame dumplingsLobster egg rollsDeviled Ahi TunaMiso Black CodLobster and Shrimp chow funTofu (I don't even love Tofu and the Tofu was extremely tasty)Bread PuddingSeriously, everything was good. The menu has SO much variety and so many options. I've been here in big groups before and everyone is always really impressed. My water was never empty and my wine was refilled the second after I took my last sip. Great for business dinners, special celebrations and dates! AND it's in Chelsea! Love the location.
This place is easy to miss from the outside but from the inside, it's incredible and the food matches that. The rock shrimp and dim sum and great. It's a fun place to go for a special occasion or for a dinner party. It's my favorite place in NY.
After giving this place a try I must go back...........the rice wasn't oily at all, the customer service was on point as well
This restaurant is fantastic. Everything about it - from atmosphere to quality of food. One of my favorite places. Highly recommend.
This place is a piece of shit. Their hostesses are disgustingly rude and amateurish. I hate places where they think that they are too hip to have the right type of hospitality. Not a problem, Spice Market is right down the road and is WAY better.
Love buddakan been coming here for years the drinks are great and the bread pudding is to die for, and you can't go wrong with the lobster egg rolls or the blackened cod this place is 2 things delicious and beautiful. The service is excellent the wait stagf is polite and attentive, even the dudes walking around in suits and ear pieces are friendly and complimentary. Only qualm is the cocktails leave alot to be desired. If your looking for a great drink I suggest you head to a bar after your meal.
I had one of my best dinners ever at Buddakan. And it was even better than my first trip in which I remember from about couple of years ago!Loved the vegetarian options - the carrot dumplings, the mushroom siu mei and chow fun, my personal favorite the sticky coconut rice and the delicious assortment of desserts.  It's never just about the food at Buddakan, the service is excellent, the ambiance pitch perfect and the entire experience never falls short of memorable.Buddakan has it figured out - it's as New York as it gets...and that doesn't stem from the bias of sitting at the famed SATC table in the gorgeous dining hall and soaking in the company of some great people!
it's just ok... there's really better food out there- but for the view  experience it's cool at least for a visit one time
Love, love, love Buddakan!  Great decor and an awesome place to impress out of town guests.I recommend the Tranquility drink... soooo yummy!As for food, you MUST get the Edamame Dumplings (to die for), Rock Shrimp, Vegetable Fried Rice with Coconut Foam Curry, and the Cauliflower (note, it has pork in it... but they will leave it out for vegetarians)!!!
Delicious! Went with a friend and we both really enjoyed our meals. Started with Oolong tea cocktails - amazing! Our favorite bites were the edamame dumplings, scallion cakes with short rib, and the LAMB CHOPS! The tuna spring rolls and mushroom noodles were good but not our favorite. Great atmosphere, would definitely go back for a fun night!
I would this place is more of a 4.5 star place. Bottom line was this place had a awesome decor, great service and good food. We got the corner table and I kinda remember what we ate...Good/great: edamame dumplings, charred asparagus, vegatable stir fry, hoisin glazed pork belly, whole crispy fish.Just OK: tuna tartare spring roll, scallion pancakes, vegatable fried rice. Dessert - try the crying chocolate. The donuts were not that great, and I love fried stuff...
I was there at a dinner meeting with about 50 people.  As such, there was banquet service that was perfectly cordial and responsive, so I really cannot comment on personal service.  What I can comment on was the absolutley delicious food that was fresh, delicious, inventive and beautifully presented.  Our group menu included four items from appetizers, entrees and desert and every single dish was spectacular.I can't wait to go back.
I think I have visited B three or more times now; and something that I would say is that it is consistent.  Service still the same from the time I visited a few year back; not so great... however, food is the only thing that makes me coming back.   It is a refine sort of Chinese, Asian fusion and every dishes are nicely presented.   On my last visit was with my partner and his brother celebration his birthday which I thought it is a great venue for that type of celebration. sharing plates, big oversize corner table and lots of sugary cocktails.  Overall we had a nice experience.  Again food was the highlight, server missing most of the time and the dining room full with pretentious customers and some from over the East River. aka New Jersey's
This place would have gotten 5 stars if it werent for the unpleasant experience at the bar. My firend and I were a few minutes early for our reservation, so we went to grab drinks until we were sat. It took us almost 10 minutes until someone even attempted to look like they could make our drinks, and then when they finally did, they couldnt even muster a smile. Bar service in two words: underwhelming  rude.The food on the other hand was DELICIOUS.Started with the edamame dim sum and the scalian pancakes. The dim sum was to die for, but the pancakes were a little heavy. Got the Bo Bo plate as my entree and trust me when I say it was plenty of food. I could barely finish a taste of everything. The carrot dumplings were super yummy and the spring rolls lived up to their reputation. My friend got the lobster fried rice; so good.No room for dessert, maybe next time.As far as the ambiance, I wouldn't come here for a date, it's probably a better place to meet up with friends and grab drinks and get ready to head out to MePa afterwards.
We held a birthday dinner at Buddakan this past weekend and could not have been more pleased with the experience. The staff was courteous and wonderfully accommodating to our large group. I ordered a birthday cake several weeks before as a surprise, and it was handled beautifully. The price of the cake was relatively inexpensive but was worth every penny as it was moist and decadent. I'd been to Buddakan once before several years ago, but was left with such a great impression that I was eager to share it with my friends. Buddakan is lovely on the inside, and the food is even better. Most notable were the edamame dumplings which melt in your mouth and the sweet  sour chicken. I'd absolutely recommend Buddakan to anyone looking for a pleasurable dining experience in the city. Just don't forget to try the edamame dumplings!
Trendy spot where they filmed SATC. Food is presented well but subpar and way too Americanized.
Outstanding restaurant. The decor and set up gives the place a great vibe. The General Tso's dumplings are delicious. The sauce is inside the dumpling and it breaks open when you bite into it: so damn good! The wild mushroom chow fun is also excellent. The mushrooms were perfectly cooked and the noodles were coated with a delightful sauce. Check this place out if you're in the area.
Great fusion chinese food with excellent environment and service and drinks. Food is very cheap for the nice dinner you receive. This place gets busy so book an appt well in advance or just walkin for early dinner no problem.
I have been waiting for that dining experience which would warrant a 5 star rating for me and this was finally it!! Buddakan was recommended by a good friend and I owe him one for sure.in a word, this place ROCKS!Me and my wife were celebrating the finish to a great sales quarter and wanted to eat somewhere with good energy and great food. That description fits Buddakan to a T! The atmosphere is terrific...great setting and good energy without being overwhelming. The hostesses were super friendly too.  Now let's get to the good stuff....For appetizers we ordered General Tao's dumplings and Chili Rock Shrimp accompanied by a Tranquility for my wife and a Fever for me (drinks). What a great start to the night. The dumplings and the shrimp were both very tasty and the drinks were perfect. I loved the Fever...basically a very unusual twist on the Margarita with some Jalapeno juice thrown in to spice it up. Awesome!For the Entree's we ordered the Charred Filet, the Garlic Lobster and some Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice. All of them were top notch. The filet was perfectly cooked (medium rare) and melted in your mouth. The lobser was generous in portion and very flavorful. Finally, the sticky rice was simply amazing. It is hard to describe the flavor but trust me, it's the bomb!All in all, we had a great time and ate so much food it hurt!! There are so many good places to eat in New York but this one will be on our repeat list when we return for sure!
Seriously thought this place would be just a scene. boy, was i wrong! everything here was incredibly good!! (except for the sweet  crispy shrimp entree -- which come on, that's enough for an entree?!) i'd recommend any of the dim sum dumplings (especially the carrot ones that looked like carrots!), the char siu roast pork, and the roast duck noodles.
Edamame dumplings were nothing special, actually nothing was special. General tso soup dumplings were vastly inferior to the ones at Prosperity Dumpling in Chinatown.
One of my all time favorite restaurants. Must try the rock shrimp!
I've been to the Buddakan in Philly a couple times when I lived there.....and pretty much been to all of Steven Starr's restaurants in Philly....it was about time that I made my way to Buddakan NY....I came here for my birthday with my girlfriend, sister and bro in law......we had to wait about 20 minutes or so for our table so we started experimenting with their cocktail list....I started off with 'depth' which is a gin based cocktail.....it was pretty damn good....then we ordered some edamame dumplings and my second drink was 'fever' This was excellent and the edamame dumplings were amazing....At this point I was pretty content with the experience so far....The dinner was good but not spectacular. We ordered the general tso's dumplings and two chicken dishes for the main course which we shared - 'sacha chicken' and the 'broken chili chicken' Both tasted decent but I wasn't as impressed as I was with the edamame dumplings..All in all its a good meal no matter what and you feel pretty good at the end of the night (the cocktails may have had a bit to do with this!). I don't know if I will crave any of the chicken dishes enough to say I want to go back soon....But ambiance is a 5, cocktails are a 5 and food I'll give it a 4.....
For an indescribable Asian food experience you need to go to Buddakan. The food is out of control...superior to any Asian food I have had before. The service has always been top notch; the wait staff take pride in their knowledge of the menu. Items I have tried:- Edamame Dumplings- Hunan Beef Bao Buns- Shaken Chili Beef Tartare- Scallion Pancakes (if you don't get these you are making a HUGE mistake)- Pepper Steak Chow Fun- Vegetable Rice- Asian Green Stir Fry (my second favorite item on the menu)- Szechuan Crusted Ribeye- Charred Filet of Beef- Glazed Alaskan Black Cod- Sweet  Sour ChickenIt is hard to go wrong at Buddakan. The atmosphere is so chic and you will want to dress up for the occasion. I find it best to go with four or more people - it conducive to sharing!!! If you are only here for a day or two I would put this on the list for dinner!
The first time I came here, I was on my first visit to NY, and treated by a company. As a wide-eyed and bushy-tailed 19 yr old, I thought I had died and gone to heaven. A couple years later, I moved to NY and I've brought several friends to dine here. It's a perfect restaurant to treat out-of-towners to a nice dinner. Very New York, and the interior is huge. The iconic large dining table 9which I personally try to avoid sitting at) at the base of the restaurant is featured in the first Sex and the City movie.i would recommend the edemame dumplings, crusted lamb chops, lobster fried rice, and tuna tartar. The cocktails are also very well made. Desserts are on the average side. You generally can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
The best dish I ever had, this is my #1... Mongolian Lamb Chops. I'm still speechless... go there and eat it, you'll understand.
Great food. I went here for my anniversary and we had some of the soup dumplings. Delish!
I love this place!!! If it were up to me I'd just eat her every date night....  Only reason we don't is bc we like to try different places. Great  rock shrimp is great. Edamame Dumplings different but good. Crispy Calamari Saladwas good. Glazed Alaskan Black Cod is amazing.  Yum yum Lobster Fried Rice.  Charred Filet Of Beef awesomeDrinks aren't very strong - dream, charm and virtue are delish..... Gross --Fevermezcal, lime, jalapeño, pomegranatealways a great experience.
One of the most BEAUTIFUL restaurants I've ever dined in! I went with my GF's from California  we had a wonderful experience! The waitress was extremely helpful  friendly. We were certainly well taken care of! We had Peking Duck Salad (flavorful  wonderful!!), Szechuan Pork Dumplings, Scallion Pancakes, Kung Pao Monkfish, Mongolian Lamb Chops (fantastic), Chilled Udon Noodles (not my favorite but interesting), Almond Bread Pudding (decadent), Peanut Butter Bar (very rich).
was really good. great atmosphere and great food.girls with their moms taking selfies in front of the bathroom murals 'cause there are naked dudes.
Finally tried out Buddakan after obsessing over their chefs on the Food Network challenges/shows. Not that it matters or anything.Went with popular Yelp recomendations:Edamame dumplingsHoison glazed pork bellyChili rock shrimpLobster and shrimp chow funBroken chili chickenBlack pepper beefAnd for dessert:Crying chocolateBread puddingEdamame dumplings were mostly a hit at our table.  I passed on seconds because I stuffed the entire dumpling in my mouth.  Only do this if you are prepared for a mouthful of edamame puree.  Super overwhelming.  I unfortunately didn't like this dim sum plate very much.  The dumpling itself is very soft.Pork belly was difficult because I compare all pork belly to those featured in Ippudo's pork buns.   Similarly, Buddakan's pork belly is served with steamed buns along with cabbage.  The glaze is tasty; however, the tenderness of the pork belly was a little disappointing.  I expected melt-in-your-mouth, falling-off-the-fork pork belly.Chili rock shrimp was my favorite dish of the night.  Reminded me slightly of walnut shrimp found in Chinese restaurants, except the shrimp here is a little spicy.  Very tasty and popular item at our table.Lobster and shrimp chow fun -- Enjoyed the XO sauce at the bottom.  Chow fun noodles were cooked well, and I liked how the dish had some chinese broccoli in it.  Didn't eat any of the seafood.Broken chili chicken was good, but nothing impressive compared to the deliciousness of authentic Asian cuisine.  Buddakan appears to specialize in tasty sauces!  Wasn't spicy at all, chicken was adequately tender, and we drizzled the sauce on everything!Black pepper beef was fine, but it tasted just like Diced Beef Cubes (Bo Luc Lac) from Chinese or Vietnamese restaurants back home.  Nothing too exciting.  Didn't see the point in the bird cage.Dessert:Both dishes were DELICIOUS.  Would definitely order dessert here any time I come back.  We raved about the bread pudding!Great place to have a special dinner!  Loved the ambiance of the restaurant.  Beautiful chandeliers hung above the center table.  I really liked the management here, as the manager checked in with us frequently and made small talk.  Everything is ordered family style and the dishes are small (think slightly larger than dim sum/tapas size), so you'll be needing to order a lot of dishes.  The waiter will also "recommend" you ordering an X amount of dishes... only thing that really irritated me was that our waiter stood at the table reminding us how many more dishes we had left to order.  Example: "You have 3 more dishes left... order a beef dish now.  That leaves 2 left..."  Order everything at once because the food comes out as it's ready.  We ordered X amount of food listed above for 4 people.; Expect to drop some dough here.
I LOVED Buddakhan. Gorgeous restaurant, it has that dark, luxury club feel. Food was SO good. Well priced compared to other restaurants in the city. Went with a girlfriend, we shared the chili shrimp as a starter, lobster fried rice, prawn noodles, lemon chicken (AMAZING), and the green been dish. Still thinking about the food, NOT joking.
Swan, funky and cool. Nothing that hasnt been said before. Average service and extended wait time (30 mins) inspite of having a reservation and will a gazillion people on a Wednesday, i am not surprised. my favorite part however was the delicious vegetable fried rice and great carrot dumplings! will definitely visit!
The food was great, but you have to schedule a reservation if you want to get a table.  Very pricey but the atmosphere was very fun.
Buddakan. Sure I get it. It's big, it's showy, and the models are flowing through the front doors. But when I go somewhere like this, I want the food to be JUST as impressive as the decor. And it was good...but the ambiance is most definitely superior. For the occasion, it was perfect. We had a group of 12 for a bachelorette party, and we wanted something over-the-top for the event. The room we sat in was a make-shift "library," I use the term "library" quite loosely here. The room's walls were lined with books, but each book was completely identical (picture a snazzy, monotone Encyclopedia Britannica). The walls were sunken in so that the books were flush with surface of the wall, and each section of the bookshelves was back lit with a warm, glowing yellow/orange light. We sat at a long throne-like table in the dimly lit library and chatted away, adding to the mid-level buzzing that fills the restaurant's high ceilings.Apps are ordered. My corner gets the edamame dumplings. Holy unbelievable. We were a mere cocktail into the dinner and couldn't shut up about these dumplings. Had this place been geared towards a dim sum dining encounter, it would get 5 stars for this dumpling. I announced to the table that despite the pretentiousness that oozed all over every surface of this restaurant, I might return just to taste them again. More cocktails and people watching, and we get our entrees. For me, the crispy soft shell crabs with charred pineapple, tomato and Chinese black vinegar. These were OK, although my other experience with soft shell crabs involved a much more digestible shell; this one scratched my esophagus on the way down. I still ate the whole dish, because the crispiness was tasty, and I knew it was going to be a long night.At the end of the night I left with this impression: good food, flashy place, festive, slightly below the hype. Oh yea, and $100 less in my wallet.
The best meal I've had in NYC.Here's a quick breakdown of our dinner for 2:- Hot spicy rock shrimp 9/10- Beef sirloin w/butter mayo 9/10- Spicy chicken 10/10 (seriously awesome)- Sticky crab fried rice 9/10- House noodles 6/10,That food plus 2 cocktails came out to $150 after tip. The vibe and ambiance are awesome and the food was amazing. It's easy to give Buddakan 5 stars.
The ambiance, food and service make it a all the way around great experience. My favorite  appetizers is the hoisen glazed pork belly. The short rib and duck are phenomenal as well :)
The minute I stepped into this restaurant I fell in love with it. It was recommended twice to me. I had the Crispy Shrimp and Edamame Dumplings. They were amazing and very very tasty! I tried the duck also and it was very good. The signature drinks were very good also. The Triumph was something. And I have to add that the Pinot Noir was amazing. After we went downstairs to "The Library." The waiters were very kind. It has a very dark atmosphere. You can go online and make reservations, it's very simple. buddakannyc.comMake sure to get reservations early, it was extremely busy by 6. The Highline is walking distance away. So you can walk away the calories when your done with the meal.
Maybe it was because it was Sunday night, but our experience here was not as good as it has been before.  It was a birthday celebration, which I had confirmed through my open table reservation, on the phone and when we arrived.  We had asked for a great table - one in the red room that we had before.  They apparently did not understand and seated us in a back corner at an oversized table, which we could not even talk to each other, so we asked to move ... to the red room.  The red room is cozy, more intimate and great for talking.  The waiter took his time coming to us and always seemed to "have full hands" anytime we needed anything.  We decided to ignore is nasty attitude but when we all wanted a second drink and he was no where to be found, it was not as easy.The food previously was incredible.  Hot, delicious and worth every penny.  This time, the chicken was a little touch, the beef was chewy and the appetizers needed sauces, which we asked for, but decided not to wait for.  They never arrived. We know better than usually go to restaurants on Sunday nights since you get the "B-C" team, but it was a birthday celebration for a birthday that day and our last experience there was so over the top, we did not think it would matter.  Apparently we were wrong.
I've been to Buddakan twice and will definitly be back for a third visit. The restaurant is so massive and beautiful that the walk to your table is an experience in and of itself. The food was delicious and our server went the extra mile to walk us through the menu and outline dishes best suited for a gluten-free diet.
Of course we made reservations and of course we weren't seated right away, but the wait was a little on the "well what was the point of making reservations" end as we waited a good half hour before being escorted to our table. I got a little drink called "charm" [passionfruit liqueur, apple, fresh berries, prosecco] in the mean time. I figured I was gonna need it if we had to wait any more.Besides the wait, the service was superb. The hostess even carried our drinks for us from the bar to our table. I was never out of water for more than a minute unless my water thiefing best friend was drinking it all. When the order was placed, everything came out in a timely and orderly fashion.Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious:sizzling beef short ribslobster fried ricechinese sausage w/ egg fried ricewild mushroom noodlesstir fried cauliflowercharred asparaguswild mushroom chow funedamame dumplingsmushroom siu meicarrot dumplingslobster eggrollsseven treasures parfaitcrying chocolate malt with jasmine ice creamEdamame dumplings, where have you been all my life?! These perfectly puréed soybeans packed into little white pouches of green gold have you strung up for days, for months... forever or until you have them once again. All but the 'thousand layered tofu and vegetables' as it was more like 3 layers and so unimpressively mediocre that we were all cracking thousand-layer-tofu jokes around the table by the end of the night. Our waiter came over to give praise to our, and he put it, "schmorgasborg of food." Even our communal table neighbors were commenting that they seem to have been dining with the wrong party all along.Now the interior/ exterior design screams swanky from top to bottom--ridiculously tall ceilings, chandeliers, candle light, Renaissancesque feel, romantic and intimate--luckily, the prices aren't quite as swanky as you would think. With everything we ordered, including drinks and tip, it probably totaled a mere 260$. They have dishes for as low as 10$ and as high as 44$ but nothing too crazy. Small list of beers/ wines/ cocktails which can get pricey , but again you can still get something for 12$. I highly recommend for dates or group dining, the atmosphere is fitting for either.FOOD [10] which like I said, mostly everything is pretty tasty, but I would give this rating based on the edamame dumplings aloneSERVICE [7] because that kinda wait WITH reservations equates furrowed brows and a less charming audienceAMBIENCE [9] tall, dark and mysteriously handsome is what this place feels like.
The ambiance cannot get that much better. I love the layout of this restaurant!It simply breathes elegance AND comfort, which both can be difficult to accomplish.The food was wonderful and the service at the front desk was extremely helpful.Thank you ;)
Great food, stunning presentation of food, excellent, thoughtful professional staff. Very cool lounge tunes which let you get business presentations done, or allow others to get their groove on.  This placed is very engaged with social media as am I.  I really like the thank you "Tweet" the next day after my visit. My boss  I arrived at 6:00 pm Monday night, by 8 pm every chair was filled. Fantastic atmosphere, I will be returning for another dinner very soon!
Food is excellent and not too expensive. Almost everything can be shared so for party of 2, 2 appetizers and 1 entree is fine. Also place is very nice and ambience is very cool and hip.
My first night in NYC and I wanted to go to Buddakan for wine and dumplings.  Of course.The decor is dark, delicious, and swanky.  The bar area is cool and has benchy things to sit on while you wait for your table.  Downstairs is cavernous - dark and dim, and fabulous.  We ordered some nibbly things to share (I don't really eat meals, just a bunch of appetizers), including the dumplings, pot stickers and pork buns.  So good.I got really lit on far too many glasses of Shiraz and ate some tasty tasty dumplings, and I saw Bill Clinton sititing with Chelsea and husband at a corner table.  While I was wandering about, a handsome secret service dude realized I wasn't an assassin - just a girl with a bladder full of six or seven or eight glasses of wine - and showed me where the bathroom was.  Hey, thanks Secret Service dude.
Ok so here is the story with this place, the decor is beautiful, the rooms are gorgeous and well thought out, kudos to the interior designers.The people are attractive, it is very "sceney"/people are somewhat arrogant here....but I will take that when the crowd looks that great.The food here was the major issue. Things came out lukewarm that should have been hot, like the fillet, the sauce was great etc, presentation stunning, but the actual meat was room temperature, it ruined it. Thing after thing was like that, these beef pancakes, also sort of room temperature, the ahi tuna spring rolls, not really hot or cold, could have been either, but not eh.Every other thing was off in terms of temperature, it makes it impossible to enjoy it. On top of that our waiter dropped 3 things around us and spilled a bit of our bottle of champagne, I'm sorry but if I'm paying $150 per person for dinner, spilling food/temperature of food should not be an issue.I really wanted to like this place, everything was just a bit lackluster in terms of the the food/service.This is a classic example of when a restaurant forgets what it is and loses control of food, not ok.
What's not to love about this place? Everything about this place is amazing from the food to the service to the venue to the interior. It feels and looks so upscale and you'll definitely leave satisfied.Make sure you try the edamame dumplings. It will blow your mind. Definitely be coming back.
Best.Meal.Ever.   We shared a selection of dim sims and lemon chicken with side of long beans. And of course the deserts are to die for. The sour cherry is out of this world. Atmosphere and service was exceptionally good. A must on your New York list!
I highly recommend to those that have not gone as well as those that love fusion food. The food was great and love the ambience... Kevin our waiter was great. It was a perfect end to my NY trip.
If you know what to get this place is amazing.  Edamame dumplings, rock shrimp and filet of beef are a must..
The food is tha BOMB! Lobster fried rice is amazeballs and everything with Shrimp is delicious! I would "American Pie" this food as often as I can!
While it was pricey and very showy in terms of decor and ambiance, it was a marvelous dinner.  Our waiter was attentive, helpful, friendly and very knowledgeable. It may seem like a Chinese food place butt he freshness, quality and innovation truly set it apart.  Obviously this is not an everyday eatery, but it was perfect for that special occasion when you want to go a little crazy.
Great date spot or just hanging with your friends. The decor and amiance is typical to a Steven Starr restaurant. We were brought the long way to our table i think so they could show the place off.Our food and service was top notch. Our server was very knowledgable about the menu. Each course we had was great. Try the chili rock shrimp, and duck noodles. We shared a bottle of sake and had room for dessert.Its my second time in Buddakan NYC and i will be back.
This place is freakin' sexy.Highly recommended for dates you know probably want it and need some liquid encouragement.  Just the right ambiance and pretentiousness to make her not feel cheap.
Have to agree with the res tof the reviews.  The place is very impressive and the food is just melting onthe tongue.  We tried a sampling menu which had  alittle bit of almost every selection that they offer - and there was nothing that I can say I didn't really like.  The deserts were amazing too.  All their meats are very tender and done very well.
This is one of my favorite places to go for a night out. It's great for group outings but also for an intimate evening. I haven't had one thing here that I didn't completely enjoy. The service is always impeccable and the staff knows a lot about the menu and is very helpful in providing suggestions. The ambiance is great - every room has a different appeal. I also didn't realize how much space the restaurant actually has (every time I've been there, I've sat in a different location). I think the only downside to the restaurant is that you can't be seated until you're entire party arrives (not great if you travel with late people). The bar space is large and on a weekday there's plenty of room (weekends are a lot more populated however, I've never seen this place truly empty). Menu favorites are the boneless ribs and crispy honey shrimp but again - everything there is quite delicious. What's also great about this restaurant is that you can order tons of appetizers and still feel full. Also, all the menu items are made for sharing. One of the best restaurants you could go to when looking for Asian fusion and an overall excellent dining experience.
Food is top notch as well as the service. It is a little loud and dark inside but the tables are intimate and the atmosphere is great! What we ordered: Drinks: Virtue - a flavorful speciality cocktail infused with thai basil, chunks of strawberries and aloe vera - highly recommend! Sake - all their Sake is top notch so you can't really go wrong Food: Edamame dumplings - these were out of this world. I had never had anything so unique and flavorful. If you're a fan of dumplings and edamame - you'll die for these. Charred filet of beef - amazing! The beef was cooked to perfection, tender, juicy and the mustard sauce is killer. My favorite along with the edamame dumplings. Wild Mushroom Chow Fun - typical chow mein noodle. Very good, lots of garlic. Lobster fried rice - my least favorite of all our dishes, rice seemed a little bland. I would recommend a different rice, don't order this just because of the lobster. The lobster flavor is lost in the rice. Overall, amazing restaurant, can't go wrong!
This is one of my favorite places. It has a great ambiance, posh, really good food and cocktails. I have been there couple of times for different occasions, birthday dinners, business meetings and to chill with friends over drinks and everyone has loved the place.. The food is Asian fusion and is served family style, meant to be shared, but the quantity is all right, you can order one item per person.. One of the good dishes there is black pepper beef. Good prices and great for celebrations. Reservations required, if you don't have reservation they will push you to the bar/lounge area, which does serve the full menu, but its way too crowded and not the place you want to hang out and pay big bucks for.
I got the softshell crabs along with the lobster fied rice, both were pretty spectacular. They have really good cocktails also. I got the spicy one and loved it.
I was invited here in February of 2014 for a $55 brunch with 6 friends. After going to the restroom, I noticed that parties of 2 were receiving the same amount of food that our party of 6 was receiving. For example, the 6 of us got 6 dumplings and the party of 2 also got 6 dumplings. The party of 2 got 4 spare ribs, our party of 6 got 4 spare ribs. We had to ask for more because there simply wasn't enough for everyone. Why would 6 people pay $55/each to get the same amount of food as 2 people? Very confusing and bizarre. Also, the prix-fixe menu didn't include any alcohol. Yikes. I won't be back for prix-fixe but I'll be back for a regular dinner.
You are paying for the environment.  I would walk to Spice Market for better food and frankly Buddakan and Tao and Hakasan all blend together.  You aren't coming here to eat but rather be in some imagined view of the beginning of a Law and Order episode where you think the rich guy did it.
If your in NYC and know how to work the Subway or staying around the Chelsea District, this venue is a must try!!!  We loved the ambiance, service, and most importantly...the food!  Don't be fooled, this is not just another Chinese restaurant.  Their dishes are very innovative and tasty.  My husband and I enjoyed every last bite.
First of all, this place is beautiful. The dining area is enormous and very elegantly decorated. Walking through the reception and bar, I was afraid that it was going to be all show, but I was in for a real treat.So, I started with the Deviled Tuna Tartar, which was *so good*. Not too spicy, and the tuna was super fresh, it was delicious. Then came the entrée, Short Ribs with Mushroom Chow Fun -- transcendental. The meat was so tender, it fell apart with a little more than a touch of the spoon. The meat was succulent and not over flavored, and the chow fun was exquisite. The Asian pear on the sides were a nice touch, too. I finished off with the Almond Bread Pudding, which was just amazing.An added bonus was that our waitress was very tactful and extremely friendly. She got a very nice tip.Finally, I know how suspicious it sounds when *everything* is wonderful, but trust me -- Buddakan is exactly that. If it gives you any confidence, I don't review very often, as I generally cannot be bothered to do so unless the experience was extreme in either direction. Buddakan definitely deserves my highest praises here on yelp, because it is just that good.I hope your next dining experience will be at Buddakan, and I sincerely hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
Awesome ambience, food and service! Definitely a place to go on a special occasion or with a special person :) Try the edamame dumplings and the FROG legs!!
Fourth time eating here and consistently good. Peking duck salad was amazing, everything else very unique and flavorful. I'm giving 4 stars because on my last visit, the lamb chops were not tender. They were tough and fatty. However, that's one meal out of many over 4 visits to this establishment. The place is beautiful and is quite an immersive experience in addition to a culinary delight. I recommend it!
The atmosphere here is great.   Stylish without being overdone.   Pork chops were 4/5.  Highlight foodwise were the edaname dumplings.   Pricy but felt worth the cost.
A treat for the eye not your taste buds. I came with a friend of mine who said she always wanted to try the place and heard rave reviews about it, infact she mentioned that one had to to book more than a month ago(probably because of the Sex and the City toast scene that was shot here). Luckily (though now I don't feel to be considered lucky) we didn't had to go through all that, although my friend arrived bit earlier than me and she was told by the receptionist that if your friend doesn't arrive in 5 minutes you might have to wait till 11PM, you kidding me its not even 6PM(what the ..), thats plain rude and nothing but bubble up the hype.Anyhow guess I made before the 5 min deadline and we were asked to sit in the lounge. Again the whole part of the scene creation thing, its just 6PM there is plenty of space inside, hey but you gotta wait. Luck enough it wasn't to long and we were escorted to our table. Well would like to take a moment here for the ambiance and decor, since while walking by and sitting down trying to drink the setup. I think it is worth dropping by for that.Our waiter seemed like a decent guy and explained how would the dishes come out and the portion and their signature dishes. I started out with nicely done Fever cocktail made of mezcal, lime jalepeno, pomegranate, had the nice sharp flavor of jalepeno and a nice suttle  tangy taste of pomegranate. The Edamame Dumplings were pretty nicely done. Completely dissatisfied with the main course, got the monkfish and the mushroom noodles both of them turned to be below mediocre. Infact for the noodles we are being served the instant noodles, is it wrong to expect some nicer taste and flavor in a  classy place. The fish seemed fresh but the sauce wasn't any good, the peanuts were cooked properly, simple disregard for the taste and flavor. Overall as my friend said, this place is good to enjoy the atmosphere, a few drinks in the lounge and some appetizers, spare your main course somewhere else. For $110 for two I am not gonna get satisfied with sheer ambiance and all the scene creation, I need my taste buds to be tickled.
My party of four had dinner here Saturday night. We made a reservation on Open Table for 10:15- we chilled in the lounge for about fifteen minutes before someone came and found us and brought us to our table.It was really packed when we got there, so I was a little worried that we would wait forever, but it wasn't too bad. The interior of this place is sweet - it's very pretty/modern/generally sweet looking. It's a pretty cool crowd that hangs out here, from what I could tell.We weren't ridiculously hungry, so we didn't order a ton of food, but liked what we did get. My date and I ordered the vegetable fried rice with coconut foam (SO GOOD!!) and the mushroom chow fun (good, but nothing special) and some thousand layer tofu dish that bad steamed flat bun pieces that we stuffed with sauteed veggies - very tasty.My omnivore friends ordered a black pepper beef dish that they raved about- they said the prime rib used was perfectly cooked and oh-so-tender. They also order some lo mein dish with minced pork that they said was pretty good. The drinks were pretty tasty, nothing amazing.The reason I gave this five stars is because the service was incredible. I asked the waiter which vegetarian dishes were popular, and he ratted off a bunch of recommendations and told me about each dish on the menu that could be made vegetarian even if wasn't listed in the vegetables section. He was really helpful and friendly, and it really made it a wonderful meal. Add the cool ambiance, beautiful decor and it was definitely the best dining experience I have had in the city.On top of that, my date and I ordered three drinks, 2 vegetarian entrees, an appetizer and shared a desert and spent only $95 including tax and tip. Not bad for the MPD.Will definitely be back :)
had my 40th birthday dinner there. Love the food (I had the pepper steak, ginger and scallion lobster, wok tossed noodles, alaskan cod, all excellent). I'm originally from Taiwan and I would say the food is just as good if not better than authentic chinese restaurants. of course, the decor is really nice too. I also like it's not too formal or stuffy but nice enough for a relaxing dinner.
I went here on my last trip to New York City and holy cow... everything was amazing! I'm vietnamese and have had my fair share of asian food, and this was the perfect mix of authentic asian flavors with a nice modern touch. My mom and I were waiting on one of my friends to arrive and both ordered unique, refreshing cocktails that were very light and crisp. When we were seated, the waitress couldn't have been nicer and more helpful with suggestions from the menu which was extremely helpful seeing that us three little ladies ordered half of the entire menu! To start, we ordered the...Tuna Tartare: Delightfully surprised with the burst of flavor that came from that delicate little roll. One of my favorites of the whole meal! Edamame Dumplings: INCREDIBLE, so silky and delicious and you don't really come across those flavors often, the truffle was perfectly subtle and not overwhelming. Hoisin glazed pork belly: tasty, but maybe I was just over it because it was our third appetizer cause my mom said she enjoyed it. For our main courses we ordered... Cod: I am a huge fish gal and I thought this dish was so clean and the fish was PERFECTLY cooked. Definitely a favorite! Peking duck: so so tasty but this came out last so I was incredibly full by the time I ate it.... how could I not be, do you see how much we ordered?!Crab sticky rice: glutinous and AHmazing. Just what you'd expect and it did not disappoint. Lobster fried rice: my least favorite part of the meal. It wasn't bad but it didn't do much for me or anyone else in the party. We did mean to order the chinese sausage fried rice but I'm pretty sure I accidentally messed up when I was ordering... my b. We were all way, way too full to order any dessert after that feast.. so I'll definitely have to save some room for that next time because there is no doubt I will be back when I'm back in the big apple.
Indulge yourself.  This is our go to celebration spot!
If you get past the feeling that you're eating in a dungeon, you'll love the share-able eats at Buddakan. I didn't see a drawbridge, but you go for the show less for comfort, Would say it's part of the trendlet of Tao, Spice Market etc. Think though that Buddakan excels those peers on many fronts. Almost everything I tried was executed well. The menu was pretty comprehensive with some inspired options and surprises. The price point too is very reasonable for the quality of food and portions that you get.
Hubby took me here for our 5 year anniversary and whoa what a treat this was.  Amazing atmosphere, great tasting food and excellent service.
I've read some reviews saying that this place is over-priced, but I disagree. The vibe, decor and quality of food fits the price.We missed the front door because it's unlabeled, however it was massive. The service was great. Our server was very polite and friendly. Most of the crowd was dressed up pretty nicely and fashionable (black was a popular color).Notable and must-have dishes are the edamame dumplings and scallion pancakes. The edamame dumplings were so smooth on the inside. The edamame must be pureed w/ garlic or something. The scallion pancakes were crunchy and were topped with beef short rib on top. I wish we had more of it!Dishes you should pass on are the hoisin glazed pork belly (sorry, but Ippudo has the best pork belly buns in town) and chili rock shrimp. The chili rock shrimp is not up the same level as the other dishes we had. The spiciness added a nice kick to it, but it just had no flavor other than that.I really can't wait to come back to Buddakan to try the other items on the menu!
I love this restaurant. It is poorly lit, but the glow from the smiling Buddha tiles lends a mysterious appeal.  The service is excellent. Now the food: everything was delicious including the amazing cocktails they make.  I ordered tapas type food that we all shared and each one was succulent and in good portions.  The deconstructed brownie was excellent for dessert.  I would eat there any time.  Only thing hard to do is park near the place.  There is a lot about a block away but it is like a warehouse and you need to park about a mile underground and then need to walk back to the surface as oncoming cars come at you.  So take public transportation if you can.  Price = NYC = expensive but not ridiculous.  One person can expect to pay about 75 dollars with dessert and cocktail.
Good place for cocktails and scenery. Bad food.
Presentation and tasting plates were fantastic. The decor is very nice as well. They even accommodated my shell fish intolerant guest.  Not inexpensive, but worth it.
Went for ladies night out to Buddakan for dinner on Saturday night. The restaurant has a great vibe with very high ceilings, and chandeliers in the main dining room. The smaller dining rooms are very cozy, and have a great feel. We ordered the edamame dumplings, the tuna tartar spring rolls, the carrot dumplings, the crab and pork dumplings for appetizers. The only two I recommend are the tuna tartar spring rolls and the carrot dumplings. The others were bland. I also recommend you ask for dipping sauce because some didn't come with sauce. For main courses we ordered the fish, the steak, the vegetable fried rice, the BBQ eel fried rice, the charred broccoli and the stir fried vegetables. I have to say that all were good, and my only complaint is that the BBQ eel should have had pieces of BBQ eel in it. It was bbq eel flavored, but only had a piece at the top for garnish. We ordered a lot so by the time dessert came around we were stuffed. We were celebrating a friends birthday so they brought is a bowl of crushed cereal with ice cream and a happy birthday candle. I use to eat ice cream and cereal as a kid so I loved it, and our waitress was very nice, attentive and remembered the birthday celebration. If you know what to order, or have a little salt or more dipping sauces on the side, it would have been a fabulous meal all around. Definitely worth going, even just once, as its a great ambience.
Food:23Decor:27Service:23TIp: Go Here. Drinks, lunch, dinner, whatever...it's an experience.
