East 34th Street location, close to Empire State Building. This was my FIRST VISIT to any of the very popular & beloved Xi'an Famous restaurants. Fresh food, spicy & DELISH.  Next time, I must order the home made noodles; I'll probably have the Lamb Noodles next time. Tonight, I enjoyed a "Spicy Lamb Burger"-GREAT! FRESH INGREDIENTS!   I also had the "Spicy Tofu"--I asked for mild spicy. Both delicious!Clean location, fresh, flavorful food & friendly staff. See my photos. Worth a visit! ATTENTION VISITORS TO THE EMPIRE STATE BUILDING--this location is about a block away. On 34th street, between Fifth & Madison...just walk EAST on 34th Street.
First time trying out Xi'an Famous foods since I heard my sister talking about it. They offer quite a bit of options from noodle dishes, noddles in soup, dumplings and burgers. I decided to have the mount qi pork hand ripped noodles and chrysanthemum tea. The noodles was very delicious. The flavors of the sauce was unique with tones of heat and sweet. The flavors of the star anise and spicy combination rang through. So glad I had the sweet chrysanthemum tea to balance it out. The noodles are definitely hot enough to clear out your sinuses. They are on the oily side, so I would recommend it as a once in a while meal. If there is no seating downstairs, they have additional seating upstairs as well.
Finally! authentic Chinese food!!This place has an INSANE lunch rush. Alas, every time I come here between 12-2, it's craazy packed  :(I didn't get time to eat lunch one day due to work, but around 4pm, I had enough. I needed food. I walk by.. Empty! Could it actually be!? I enter excited. The original N1 Spicy Cumin lamb catches my eye and I get it. Extra hot cause I'm like, "oh I'm Indian".. (one of the most regretful decisions of my life)My mouth is ON FIRE! Wait I'm jumping ahead. Waiting for my food, a nice lady in her mid twenties sits besides me. Realizing her phone just died, she lets out an exasperated sigh. I, realizing her realization, asked "do you have a charger." She said no. "What phone do you have... No way! Here! Use my mophie case to charge your phone!  Haha no its ok! Yes, I've heard that, well, not all NYers are mean lol!" We talk and she happens to be in an internship job here in NYC, from CHINA. She told me - This place IS AS AUTHENTIC AS IT GETS. Where was I. Oh yea, My mouth is EN FUEGO, or W de zu ránshāo!! The lamb is juicy, a fiery pool of hot oil sits below hand-made noodles- thick glorious and chewy.. but this heat. Was ridiculous! I never sweat from spicy food... My forehead drenched, my stomach convulsing, my inner psyche whispering.. "you're not really Indian" lmao! it was REALLY good though! Flavor is amazing! Wood trimmed vibe, plenty of seats, DELICIOUS Chinese food!
I reallllly wanted to like this place! However, I really felt like it missed the mark. My friend and I agreed that the flavors of food wasn't balanced. She got the pork noodle soup and I had spicy beef noodle soup. Hers was very vinegary, mine was alright. We agreed that both lacked enough meat and that the noodles themselves lacked flavor. We probably should have gotten dry noodles, but as soon as the noodles were lifted from the soup, they tasted like nothing but dough. After awhile the noodles became too soggy and I was getting a stomach ache. We also split a lamb burger which we agreed was super dry and the bread was flavorless. I tried all the teas though and they were great!
I ordered the chicken noodles (the one without soup) and a pork burger. The noodles was pretty good. Their handpulled noodles definitely tastes better than any other noodles used in other chinese restaurants. The chicken on top was meaty and was marinated really well. However, this dish was too salty for me. It would've been better if it was less salty.The pork burger was pretty disappointing tbh. The pork used in this burger smelled really bad so I had to spit it out.. If I ever visit this place again, I would try other kinds of noodles not the burger again!
Good food, poor service.Love this spot from 2015, now a spot that hires folks that expect business not earn it.
Always a pleasure to eat here and now with 3 midtown locations, it is so easy! I got the A1 which is the Liang Pi and I got it extra spicy! Service was so fast since I went on off hours and the flavors were good! Bean sprouts, tofu, cucumbers and those addictive noodles - this is a great meal for $7! I didn't get the lamb sandwich because it isn't the traditional preparation but I know some people who really love it!
Stewed Pork Burger (B1) $3.90.Sour Hawberry tea.The bun is heated under a sandwich press to make it crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside.The stewed pork is a little greasy, but the seasoning makes it flavorful. I sprinkled lots of vinegar (find it by the utensils) to add to the aroma and to cleanse some grease off. The slightly pungent but gently sweet hawberry tea is a great pairing with it.A good option for a quick-bite before a movie or a lecture.
Was my last stop in NYC. Excellent, amazing food. I'm still dreaming about all of it. PLEASE, venture west and open a location in San Francisco, please!! Everything on the menu looked amazing but this is what I ordered. Recommend:-Spicy & Tingly Beef Hand-Ripped Noodles-Spicy & Tingly Beef Hand-Ripped Noodles in Soup-Chang-an Spicy Tofu. I do prefer the dry noodles more than the soup. But when its cold, you need soup to warm you up. The texture of the noodles are prefect. The spices was so good, not extreme numbing. I got their medium spicy and I think it was prefect and I'm those who can eat extra spicy. And their spicy tofu is made with silky and pickle veggies and only for $3. It was delicious. Can just eat that and rice all day. Also ordered Spicy Asian Cucumber Salad, Liang Pi Cold-Skin Noodles and Chilled Rice Cake with Honey. They were all good as well. Very affordable prices. Extra seating available upstairs.
Terrible and very disappointed . Me and my friend went there yesterday. We both got the soup , one with lamb and one with veggies . We both got food poisoning and feel terrible now almost 24hrs after. So many employees maybe one can check the sanitary of the food.
Food is excellent like others have said. My girlfriend and I shared the cumin lamb burger, Liang pi noodles, and spicy lamb noodle soup. Total was ~$20 and we were pretty full after. I think prices here are a little higher compared to their Chinatown location but still not bad at all. This location was also much bigger and seemed more "hip".Everything we ordered tasted really good, although they did taste kind of similar (noodles were topped with same chili spices/oil mixture, lamb in burger and noodle soup tasted really similar), which is not a bad thing if you liked spicy/cumin flavors like we do. The lamb noodle soup was a bit oily though. They don't provide free water, which was pretty annoying since the food is spicy so you're forced to buy either bottled water or one of the other drinks. Overall, great food as expected. We will be back next time we're in town.
As a native Chinese, authentic is always something I am seeking of in chinese restaurant in America. This restaurant has a lot of exposures in social media and the owner has got some reputation, so I always want to try this one. Despite all the stories and backgrounds about how this tiny restaurant has rooted in center Manhattan and the owner, I only care about the taste. It is hard to believe that the the taste is awesome. I had A1, Liang Pi, B1 and B2, bun with meat and N1, they reminds me of the time in Xi'an. I have never get better meat bun in America than the product here. And I would definitely recommend them. I know it might not be the favorite if you do not know the real Chinese flavor, but this food here is authentic and you must try.
When they first arrived in this location, it was wonderful. However, over the last 6 months, the prices have greatly increased and the food has been just okay. They seem to have lost their way a little. All of that being said, still a quality lunch.
This location can get super packed/busy which can get frustrating only because I associate Xi'an with a solid quick eats kind of place. The line itself goes by pretty quickly but since each dish is made to order sometimes there can be a wait of 10-15 before the food is ready depending on your place in line. There's a small bar on the first floor with stool seating, but upstairs area provides you with more space which is nice. Since it is sort of fast food it's a first come serve seating arrangement and no waiting staff (food & tray cleanup is your responsibility). I crave Xi'an when I want spicy, chili oil bathed hand pulled noodles or soups. I've had the Liang Pi cold noodles before but didn't love them, but I also much prefer my noodles hot. I love the N1 (spicy cumin lamb noodles) and the N2 and 3 (beef and pork options). You also can't go wrong with the soup variations of the hand pulled noodles - all that I've tried are delicious. Ns10 with the oxtail is a favorite. The burgers aren't the best thing on the menu but still flavorful and good if you don't want just the noodles. The spinach dumplings I've had a couple times and they're a hit or miss. Definitely check out the noodle dishes as those never disappoint!
Xi'an Famous Foods takes traditional chinese food and puts it in a modern chinese restaurant. When you walk in, you an smell the hot sauce and it just opens up the nose. The music is blasting some sort of top 40 music or hip hop. The general process is to order food at the register and then find your own seating towards the back. I like how it's an open look into the kitchen so you can watch all the food prep happen right before our eyes. Watch them make the noodles. The snapping of the noodles to draw them out longer is quite the sight and sound. Tip: Try not to come towards the end of the night. Alot of items become sold out. I ordered the following items to stay:1. Spicy Beef Noodle Soup - The soup was on point as well as the beef. Beef was tender and the broth taste was infused into the beef which is quite awesome. You get a decent amount of meat with it too. My biggest complaint is the noodles. I am not sure if it was just this batch but the noodles were super thick. The noodles are suppose to be wide and with a little texture for chewiness but it was super thick this time. Another compliant could be the lack of other items in the noodle soup. It had a nice amount of noodles and beef but i didn't see anything else. The menu mentioned some lettuce and other items but none were present. 2. Oxtail Noodle Soup - Oh Man - this was on point too. The oxtail was really tender also as well as the broth. Really on point. Same issue with the previous order was the thickness of the noodles and the lack of vegetables The seating area was dirty. Tables were not wiped down. Napkins and chopsticks on the floor. Also - they were out of spoons. As a restaurant, you cannot run out of spoons especially for a place that offers so many soup based options.
Xi'an noodles never disappoint! From their original location in the basement of a dingy mall in Flushing and to the spacious, air-conditioned location in midtown, the food is consistent and delicious.We got the spicy cumin lamb noodles and spicy beef noodles. The lamb noodles are very flavourful. The beef noodles had only 3-4 pieces of beef, which is a little sad. Still good nevertheless. There are plenty of seatings behind the counter and open kitchen. Pile on the additional chili sauce from the small containers on the table for added kick and flavor. This is a self service place, so you save a bit on tips - yay!
I guess I'm not a fan of cold noodles or food swimming in hot oil.  I am a fan of their spicy cumin lamb burger and stewed pork burger though. Of all the Xi'an Famous Foods locations, I like this one the best.  It has a lot of seating and is very clean.  I haven't tried their newest one near MOMA yet.
You HAVE to stop by this place whenever you're in New York. Hand-pulled noodles with lamb and a secret sauce of goodness. Prices have been steadily rising throughout their many locations, but you still have to get the N1 (Spicy cumin lamb with hand pulled noodles). Concubine chicken is also a winner. I'm not a huge fan of the lamb burger and personally find it to be dry and overpriced. Cucumbers in the secret sauce (secret because articles mentioned that it is done in a central kitchen - family recipe) are also a win, but $6.99. Long story short: Hand pulled noodles + protein + chili sauce goodness.
My favorite chain in NYC, hands down. I have eaten at 4 of their locations, and the quality is consistent every time.I've had their dumplings, their soup, and their hand pulled noodles. My go-to dish is the hand-pulled noodles with cumin lamb, which is amazing. Their teas are light and refreshing. They cook everything right in front of you and the wait time is never long. I really appreciate that this restaurant will actually make your food spicy if you ask them to, unlike many places that claim to serve spicy food but tone down the heat for their customer base. Their spice comes in 4 levels of heat: none, mild, regular, and extra hot. I'm someone who comes from a background of hot meats and spicy curries and I'm telling you the regular is more than hot enough for me. Only order the extra spicy if you are SURE you know what you're doing.I recommend dining in because due to the thickness of the noodles, the food will coagulate if you wait too long to eat it.(Edited to add: the pic I included in this review is from their Union Square location)
I cannot believe how good the food is here. I had the vegan sweet and sour soup and it was legendary. Extra flavorful all the way down too the last drop. Had to go to the library just to wait to digest the food and get more later. Holy Cow I Am Coming Back!!!
Great noodles, fast service. Never had noodles like that before, but now I'm obsessed! The music there is cool too.
Had my first experience with these hand pulled noodles today. The food was good but not that amazing considering all the hype this place gets. The noodles are quite thicker  and chewier than what i would  have liked. The dishes looked like just a bunch of seasoning thrown in a pot and warmed On the stove. The noodles don't absorb the flavors this way as it is achieved with a wok like other cantonese/Chinese dishes.  Overall i would rate the food a 5.5 out of 10. ( had the cumin lamb noodles, stewed oxtail noodles and cucumber salad)
Prices have gone up which would be ok if quality remained the same. Sadly, the food has been very inconsistent in terms of taste and portion. Back to Chinatown and Flushing I go.
The workers were especially nice and let me and a friend charge a phone (there aren't any outlets in the seating area, but they let us charge it by the front). We really loved our spicy noodle dish (thick noodles, I think it was N8), but I do wish there were more veggie-centric and tofu options, especially in the sandwiches. Still, a good option & great prices near Penn Station/Herald Square.
Very disappointed. It said it is inexpensive food. Not really. Very small portion compared with other Chinese food. Not just whole portion, very cheap ingredients and they very cheap on it. I ordered pork noodles and I could not find anything in bigger than my pinky nail. I paid over $10 for it and it didn't filled me up at all. Taste was also sour and salty with not much flavor. It was a bad food and did not understand why people were on line for it.
I had lamb cumin noodles and apple soda. It was really quick to order. The food was ready in about 10 minutes. The seating area was a bit congested and upstairs was closed, I'm not too sure why. The signage all over the place is a bit obnoxious and unnecessary. But the food made the trip here worth it. The noodles were spicy & savory. The sauce it was cooked in was exploding with flavour. Not much service or atmosphere here but absolutely go for the food. You won't regret it.
I'm on a Xian craze right now, partly due to the cold weather.  I love their spicy lamb noodles.  The first time I ate at this location,  I had the oxtail noodles. Delicious,  but the portion was small, not worth however much I paid.  I noticed that the lamb spicy noodles here is 75 cents more than in flushing,  meat be the location.  However, the portion is bigger here.  It satisfies my craving, but minus a star bc I don't think it would be considered cheap considering the low cost in ingredients and also everything is self serve.
I had the cumin lamb noodle soup. The noodles and soup were really good, the lamb kind of tough. The service was friendly and good. The ambience is fast food -- seats at counters around the wall, plus a few small tables at the back. It seems like an excellent place for a quick, hearty, tasty meal. Next time i will try vegetarian, perhaps the meat isn't as good as the rest of the food.
A good friend of mine works around the corner and whenever we are feeling sick (or just looking for a comforting meal that warms you up from the inside!) I actually take the train from work a few stops away just to meet here for lunch. The menu is simple, but that makes the process easy because you know exactly what you are getting. You order at the counter (usually after waiting after a brief line - it might be long but moves fast), then pop into another line and wait for your number to be called for pick-up at the counter. You pick up at the same place even if you are ordering take-out but the staff are visibly unhappy when you take their food to go because they believe (and they're not wrong!) that the noodles are MUCH better eaten fresh.To my knowledge, the vegetarian options are vegan as they use the same sauce and broth for all dishes but add them separately to the meat. When I want a big meal, I opt for either the veggie noodles on its own (N5) or in broth (Ns5), and the sweet and spicy spinach dumplings (an order is about 5-6 fat ones stuffed with spinach and other good stuff)I usually reserve 5 stars for truly exceptional experiences, but that's not what this place strives for. For a reliably delicious, nourishing meal with no frills, Xi'an's fluorescent-lit cafeteria style dining room gets the job done.
I'm a huge fan of xi'an famous food but the last two visits, coincidentally to this location, have left me feeling a bit jaded and disappointed. The portion of noodles has decreased noticeably and the prices have gone up (a point which I am completely okay with but if you're going to raise prices, I expect the quality to at the very least still remain the same, not decrease). It wasn't an issue of them being too busy either since I purposely time my visits so that it's not too long after they open. There's also the fact that the noodles just don't taste as good any more, not the way they used to in Flushing or even the way they used to at this location. I am a huge lover of all things noodle and carby, but the last two times, the noodles have been only doughy to the point where it was tough to chew and swallow. I don't normally leave comments but I genuinely loved xi'an and hope that instead of being defensive, they take constructive criticism into consideration and make things better. I hope the next time I visit (which admittedly won't be for a while) the food will yet again be at the same standard it was in the past.
My go-to restaurant for tasty, fast, and cheap authentic Chinese food. Not so cheap as some Chinatown places that makes you question what you're really eating, and definitely much cleaner inside. Get your noodle and dumpling fix -- everything I've tried is pretty delicious. -Liang Pi Cold-Skin Noodles: refreshing, and not super spicy because it's served cold. However, it doesn't have the chew of the hot noodles. -Spicy Cumin Lamb Burger: according to my Chinese friend, this is super authentic. The crumbled lamb is heavy on the spice (cumin), the bun is sturdy rather than fluffy. Since it's not a saucy sandwich, it can be a little on the dry side. Eat straight from the wax paper bag to avoid spillage. -Spicy & Sour Lamb Dumplings: these have a thicker chewy dumpling skin (like prosperity), a super savory filling, and are swimming in fragrant chili sauce. These are huge, almost the size of buns - great for sharing!    -Definitely try the hand-pulled noodles, they are thick and chewy and always cooked perfectly. The choices are mostly variations of types of protein. I like pork "zha jiang" and the beef.Add a side of spicy cucumber salad for lightness and a bit of veg, and a can of wanglaoji (a sweet herbal tea) to cool down the spiciness. Your taste buds will thank you.
Decent grub, horrible service. Paid for a beer, never got it in the chaos. Dude claimed we were trying to scam, when he was the scammer. Sad. What has American become.
Kind of nice food, but my friend who is from Xi'an said the food is way not good as food in Xi'an
Came here after friends' recommendations. I've been on a noodles and spicy good binge recently, so this place had the perfect combo for me. We ordered the following items:Tingly spicy beef noodles: So for those who like "Ma La" (numbing spicy) dishes from Xi'an and similar regions in China, you'd be excited to see this on the menu. I liked the dish - the noodles were thick and chewy, the beef very tender. Spice level was good- only problem was that you don't quite taste the peppercorn for the numbing effects to come through. The cumin lamb burger was decent, a lot spicier than the noodles. If you can't handle spicy and don't like the taste of cumin, be careful with this one. I thought the meat fillings were a little thin, so you end up eating spicy dough half of the time. I was disappointed by the tiger vegetable dish though. It was essentially a celery and cilantro salad with sesame oil, sugar, and salt. They didn't mix up the dressing well (or at all), so i would keep biting into large chunks of salt, which was extremely unpleasant. Also, for a place that focuses on spicy food, I'm not sure I think it's a smart business idea that they don't serve free waster, or feel that it's slightly evil...
Average food, serve fast. Love their beverages. pretty busy. Good portion of food.
Just recently discovered Xi'an Famous Foods and wonder why I didn't come sooner. Quickly became one of my favorite places to eat! Lots of flavor and spices in their dishes. All the shaved noodles are mouth drooling good. Gotta have their cucumbers too! They are marinated in the chili oil sauce and super flavorful. Love this place!
Love the concept of homemade tasting noodles- fast, cheap, and tasty... The Liang Pi Cold-skin noodles were out of this world. One of the best cold noodle dishes I've ever had.We also had the concubine chicken and spicy beef hand pulled noodle dishes along with the spicy and sour lamb dumplings. All very good, if not a little one note, but we wanted to try a bunch of different things.We'll be coming back here often...
I was really impressed by the chewiness of the noodles - both the hand pulled version in their lamb and oxtail dishes as well as their cold noodles. In addition, the lamb hamburger is a great great savory snack with a large amount of meat filling. You can adjust the spiciness quite easily and as a bonus, you can watch your noodles being cooked right in front of your eyes.Special notes - the oxtail is not too fatty and quite tender. The lamb in the burger is also tender. The gluten cakes in the cold noodle dish sucks up a little too much of the oil sauce for me though. I'd avoid just that element of the dish.
My goodness - I might have a problem. My love for Xian's is deep and real as a river. I suggest trying everything on the menu and visit every location. At this location, try to stop by before noon especially if you're looking for a seat. Tip: get the cucumbers to go and reuse the sauce as salad dressing.
Good location, great atmosphere, efficient and authentic food! Recommend this place definitely!
Our best meal in New York!Visited this place with my friends, James and Suleyman-- because of all the hype!   It has been featured in many television shows, such as Kelly Choi's Eat Out New York and Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations. It has also appeared in the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, Forbes, and many more. Also, a ton of our Chinese friends recommended this restaurant. "It was pretty good. A small and very popular place. Everything was delicious." they said.There are long lines out the door on Friday night. For $9 dishes featuring unexpected spices and tastes from the Xi'an region of China. These include spicy lamb skewers, liangpi "cold skin" noodles, and their famous hand-pulled "ripped" noodles.   Xi'an cuisine is actually not very well known, even in China. It's spicy, it's sour, it uses a lot of black vinegar. The fresh in-house noodles have great texture; dense and slightly chewy whether they are hand drawn or shaved. Liangpi is a must try. It is definitely one of their signature dishes. It's a vegetarian dish that's made from wheat flour with a complicated process, but basically they are making chewy noodles out of the starchy part of the flour and the little cubes out of seitan, the gluten of the flour.  It's a really refreshing dish that's great for the summer.We will definitely be back here again. Such good value and food, how can you pass this up?!(Oh and word of caution: I'm a big spicy food eater, but the extra spicy here is even too much for me. It's incredibly numbing to the mouth, and whenever I've chosen extra spicy my queasy stomach makes me pay for it.)
I like that they have a lot of locations all over the city so if you are ever craving some spicy authentic Chinese food, check this place out. When I say spicy, I mean spicy!! Best things to get is cumin lamb noodles and the lamb bun but everything on their menu is delicious.
I've been to another 1/2 Xi'an Famous Foods. Had the spicy cumin lamb pulled noodles as well as their special dessert (sticky rice with honey) and some Chinese sparkling apple drink that I have had before.The cumin lamb pulled noodles was just as good as the other places. The special dessert, being warm sticky rice filled with red date (jujube) and topped with the good tasting honey was also good, not super sweet though but it is a dessert from well there. It was a bit messy as well to take back. I mean trying to casually open a leaf is a bit hard at work.Good stuff as always, nice staff. 4.3.
Really yummy noodles!!! Taste fairly authentic and some non-traditional ones are great too. I've tried N4 and N9 and they're both delicious!
I've only had the noodles with chicken. I was not disappointed. Better than I could have imagined.
Something happened with their noodles. It's thicker and i don't know... Something doesn't taste the same. Maybe gotta go to the one uptown or in flushing...
I came here this past weekend since my mom was in town visiting for a week. We're both originally from Xi'An and come here for a quick craving fix. We've both been to the store in Midtown West and loved it and were really excited to find out that I live so close to one!We ordered 2 stewed pork burgers, the spicy cumin lamb burger, the spicy & tingly beef hand-ripped noodles, and the lamb pao-mo.The stewed pork burger was underwhelming. This was one of my favorite dishes at the Midtown West location, but here, the burger was dry and the flavor did not seep in well. Very disappointed and wouldn't recommend. On the other hand, the spicy cumin lamb burger was delicious! Lots of flavor, tender, and juicy. I also really enjoyed the lamb pao-mo. Of course, it doesn't do pao-mo from Xi'An any justice, but is definitely good for a quick fix. The broth is authentic, and the bread pieces are ripped surprisingly small (you rip your own pieces of bread in traditional pao-mo places). However, the lamb meat itself was quite bland and not very tender. I ended up just letting it sit in the broth. Would totally recommend if you're in the mood for soup or on a cold day!Lastly, the beef hand noodles were delicious! Very flavorful and not too spicy. The beef was well marinated, chewy, and overall great. I find that their meat here is really a hit or miss depending on the dish. Compared to the Midtown location, this location is significantly larger. The seating style is the same (first come, first serve) and no waiters. Preparation of food was relatively quick, and there was no waiting around for us (we came on a Saturday for a late lunch around 1 PM). Food is cheap, place is clean, and I was incredibly full afterwards.
Sooo good, but also, soooo spicy. I haven't tried the original location, but this place hit the spot on a rainy day. We tried: - B2. Lamb Burger: Really oily. Also, we wished it was a mantou bun instead. Probably wouldn't get again - N2. Spicy & Tingly Hand-Ripped Noodles: My favorite dish. The noodles were flat & wide (my favorite!). Super delicious. Highly recommend- F4. Spicy & Sour Lamb Dumplings: The dumpling skins were a little thick, but it was still really good. Filling and sauce were on pointService was fast & friendly. +1 for the workers talking about GoT (the books!). Would recommend & return.
I am a fan.. Don't get it often but I'm happy every time I do. I usually get the lamb noddles and its super delicious. It gets busy during lunch time so come early and expect to wait in line.
This place hit the spot for me when I was craving some noodles. It's szechuan spicy food so you'll get a lot of the cumin and peppercorn flavors. It's cheap and quick but a bit small and cramped so not great for going with more than 2 people.
Used to be very good and authentic but now this is just another greasy Asian restaurant. This will be my last time here.
It has never failed me, I am becoming addicted those noodles. The staff is always helpful and friendly. The place is supper clean, music is always a great mix. The food super yummy and I love the different levels of spice you can apply.
Food is great but MAN has the prices gone UP!! Noodles used to cost $8, now it's $11 for the same thing!
Walked by with the nephew and he was like um, noodles? so we came back for cold noodles and dumplings since mom was coming along.We tried the buckwheat noodles. Not my favorite broth so far. It was ok, just not amazing. The dish was refreshing. Light on the palette but it felt salty, or vinegary. The noodles were perfection. The nephew really liked them and had more than his share but complained about the broth too.The veggie dumplings. We got these in broth. The veggie mix was great. I ended up breaking them apart and eating the insides with my share of the noodles and it worked perfectly. The broth was also a bit on the vinegary side of shoyu land. Overall a good experience, but I can't wait till we make it through the entire menu and I can just pick my favorite.I have noticed people that go for the spicy version of stuff seem more pleased? sadly we don't do spice so will continue exploring the offerings.
Came here today with my gf for dinner. We are a big fan of Xian's food ever since we had them at the other locations, the one in Chinatown and the one in Flushing. This place is definitely a lot bigger than the place in Chinatown. Another big difference that I see is the diversity in the staff who works at this location. I like the fact that this place is not mainly run by Asians. We ordered Mount Qi pork hand pulled noodle and Liang Pi cold skin noodle and spicy and sour lamb dumpling. We got them pretty quickly. They were really good and pretty spicy. Make sure that you tell them what type of spicyness that you want. We both ordered mild and they were already too spicy for us. We both felt satisfied. Will definitely come back and try this place again. Highly recommend this place.
I loved it, I am a huge fan of noodles. This was good priced and delicious tasting. The place is a bit small but that was not an issue for me. The only  thing I wish they had was pork or beef dumpling. Unfortunately they only had lamb which I don't eat.
Good place to get a filling meal for cheap. I like their soymilk, pork "burger," and different spicy noodle soups. Soymilk only served on weekends. Tried their sweet rice (zong zi) once and it was also pretty good.
Such great quality food for so little. I'm obsessed with their spicy sour lamb dumplings; the broth is so rich in spices, but still not overpowering - I'm in love!
*** Limited seating, Fresh food, Friendly staff *** Wow. This has been on my list for quite a long time and I was really impressed by the food. You have a wide variety of items you can select and a range of mild-extra spicy. The location is very convenient and there are other locations. Despite all the pluses of this place, I do wish the portions were just a little bit larger. However, this is very authentic Chinese food and I would definitely recommend it to people to try!
This place is amazing! Great and fresh food made to order when I have a spicy craving ! The spicy beef and spinach dumpling are a must try!!
My to go place for Xi'an food.Rice noodle is real good. But the pork burger are getting bad.Other noodles are great choice too. Personally love QiShan Noodle
Very good. Lots of people in line but move quick. Arrive earlier than 12 will be a good idea.
Quick service and tasty food, what's their to complain about? Definitely has that home cooked feel to the location which is a good thing! No pretentious hostesses or cooks just people that love food. We found all of our dishes amazing and will definitely be back to keep trying the whole menu!
Xi'an's noodle dishes were reminiscent of some excellent meals I've had in China. The cold noodles especially were so light, refreshing, and just spicy enough to keep things interesting. Would highly recommend. The cucumber was also absolutely delicious. We received a recommendation to order more, but the portions seemed more than enough after we received them. The bun we ordered with this advice seemed redundant and honestly, dry and lackluster. If you come, definitely get the noodles. The bun only came alive after we dipped it in the sauce from the cucumbers
People go all gah gah over this place but it's just ok...the lack of competition makes this place stand out and because not many people ever had Xi'an food there's nothing to compare it to. I did a video about this on youtube/strictlydumpling but that was years ago and now I would never go to this place.If you do buy into the hype get the Liang Pi and Chinese burgers(I prefer lamb cause its spicy) do NOT get the noodles, there are MUCH better options elsewhere.I think Im gonna open a place that will compete with this place down the road just so there's some competition. Cause the food is def going downhill. Oh and if you do eat here, make sure to go to the Chinatown location and not the one on 34th.
Tried the N1 spicy cumin lamb noodles. Very tasty and flavorful. Had the right amount of spices and meat. Even though the line was.to the door, the wait time wasn't that long it went by fairly quickly. Would definitely come back again!
The lamb dumplings taste amazing! Especially if you're craving dumplings while doing research in the nearby public library. Initially ordered the lamb noodle soup, which was fairly good but didn't fill me up as much as I thought it would. So I briefly left my bowl where I was sitting and went to order the lamb dumplings. I like spice, but to a certain point. I took the chance and ordered the spicy lamb dumplings, which are steamed and topped with black sesame seeds and some sort of spicy oil sauce, which was just right for me. I even put the dumplings, with that sauce on it, into the remaining broth I had from the soup! I will definitely make the trip back here.
The real-time store traffic meter on the Xi'an website is very useful. To beat the weekday lunch crowds, I was here at about 11:30 a.m.It is a small space but seating was ample at that hour. Other than the front-of-house (in this case the cashier), everyone was friendly. It is a self-service restaurant: order and pay at the front, wait to collect your food, and proceed to find seating. I sat downstairs near the open kitchen.I ordered the Mount Qi Vegetables Hand-Ripped Noodles ("N5," $7.50) and the Spicy and Sour Spinach Dumplings ("F6," $7.00) at the regular spiciness. The chili oil was in fact very spicy, and I enjoyed the sauce that came with the dumplings much better. Traditionally, dumplings are eaten alongside vinegar, so this sauce was more akin to a chili-infused vinegar than an oil.Overall, not bad for a quick and painless meal.
A nice place to eat, most of foods are spicy, but not all of it. I enjoyed lamb dumplings, stewed pork with noodles both of them are good and cheap. I would definitely come back here. Yay
Spicy Cumin Lamb Hand-Ripped Noodles. This dish is so incredible. So effortlessly and carefully flavorful. It's nearly masterful how they craft these seemly simple, savory dishes. I'm just so in love with this place, and so in love with the food. I plan to visit this place dozens, if not thousands of times.
My father is from Xian so I have grown up with la mien, pulled noodles, and Liang pi, cold steamed noodles, all my life.  This was mid afternoon; we came straight to this location from the airport. When I walked into the restaurant, the cashier up front politely informed me that I order first with her, and then proceeded to walk me through my numerous questions as we have two kids, one of whom cannot stand spicy food.  She was very patient.  I really appreciated the organized approach to the level of spicyness applied to each dish.  When we sat down to wait for the dishes to arrive I tried to find a spot for our luggage; the floor was particularly clean.  There was even a mosquito trapped placed in an inconspicuous spot which I greatly appreciated. The food arrived promptly, everything was delicious. We ordered an oxtail soup noodle, Liang pi, and spicy lamb cumin soup.  The texture and taste of the lamb and oxtail noodles took me back to my Nai Nai (grandma's) homemade noodles.  She was known as an excellent cook.  The one thing I suggest is to add a sesame paste option to the cold Liang Pi, but I'm still granting them 5 stars because it's the best Xian food I have had so far in the US.  Thanks Xian Famous Foods for bringing back the fondest parts of my childhood memories!
Solid lunch spot. Try any of their noodles and you won't be disappointed. If you're extra hungry, add on a cumin lamb burger. Pretty much a takeout joint so don't expect a lot of seating.
I go probably 1 - 2 times a week and for a place I frequent that much it should probably be 4 stars but I have some issues as to why I can't do that.I pretty much exclusive only order the spicy and tingly beef noodles and I really enjoy it but there is absolutely no consistency from time to time and that annoys me.  One day is can be this amazing meal and other days it is so so.  It is like a drug because I'm always buying in hope it is that wonderful euphoric feeling on my taste buds but 70% of the time it is blah.I think the consistency lies with the numerous changes in people doing the prep. Something is always different: one day noodles are too chewy the next too mushy; one days spicy is perfect another day spicy is not spicy. One day you can 6 prices of beef the next just 2 pieces. The also just raised the prices 10 to 20% which stinks as well. I also order the cucumbers in hot oil but that has now gone up to $6 dollars which is more than a good Chinese restaurant on 37th charges for a larger portion. I do enjoy them however.I think the bread on the burger is disgusting.  The lamb noodles are passable and the concubine chicken noodles has bones so not a fan of that either.  So although I'm regular, I really can't give it a higher rating. The price increase though will slow down my visits probably
I frequent this place during my lunch breaks, especially on really cold days. The food is amazing. I typically go for the Stewed Pork Noodles, Pork Zha Jiang Noodles and the spinach dumplings. Highly recommend all three. It straight up feels like home made comfort. Don't let the extremely long lines deter you during peak hours, it's worth it. The one thing that BUGS me though is why do you guys close the upstairs section during PEAK hours? I come here for lunch around 1 and the upstairs seating area is closed by 2-ish. Why?? So what's the point of even having it if it's not even open at your busiest time?
I was really impressed with the tasty food with tolerable salt levels* that Xi'an serves.  The cold-skin noodles and the hand-pulled noodles were a noodle lover's dream come true.  I also enjoyed the incredibly chewy and thick-skinned dumplings.  10 out of 10, would eat the spicy and sour spinach dumplings again.The tiger vegetable salad had a lot of cilantro in it, which was great for me, but bad for my friend who unfortunately is one of those people who thinks cilantro tastes like soap.  To me though, it was a refreshing dish to counteract the heaviness of the carb-loaded meal.I also appreciate that there's actual tables for you and your friends to enjoy your delicious meals and a sign with Al Gore guilting you into conserving resources.Will be back for more!* Still too salty for my Asian immigrant mom.
I hate to brag but ....I was literally the first one to try Xi'an when they were still hidden in Chinatown. And I'm pleased to say the food is still amazing. Everyone must try their lamb burgers, it's perfectly seasoned stuffed inside a perfectly toasted bun. Next on the must try list is any noodle soup in their iconic spicy broth. This isn't a jalapeño or sriracha spicy, this is the tongue numbing Ma-lai spice from Northern china. You can't feel your tongue after 3 bites but you can't stop eating, that's really how amazing their broth isNow that they've opened one nxt to my work, you bet I'm going to come once a week and try everything. The newest item to their menu is the Spicy&Sour Lamb dumplings, which is only available after 2pm. No harm in having a late lunch right? Tip: come early during lunch, lines are out the door by 12:30!
Absolutely amazing Xi'an food! I wish there were one in San Francisco. Very clean and lots of seats for dining in. As a big fan of Cold Skin Noodles, aka Liang Pi, I ordered a mildly spicy one. It was very tasty. The lamb dumplings were also very good, but I love "Liang Pi" much more than others. (Don't be afraid of the long line! There were about 20 people ahead of us, but the waiting time was merely 15 minutes.) Highly recommended: A1, C1, N9, F4, Ns4, B1.
Their dishes are consistently good, and though the lines get long, the ordering process is organized and fast. This location (they have many throughout the city) serves dumplings and, compared to the EV location, is also more accommodating for dine-ins. They have plenty of seats in the back and upstairs.
SPICY OIL HAND PULLED NOODLES, YOU ARE THE BOMB.COMI didn't have too much room for anything else, but I did get this noodle soup that was pretty good too. If you haven't been here yet, do yourself a favor and visit one of the many locations. You, your wallet, your tastebuds, and your stomach will thank you.
It is sort of an authentic Chinese food but extremely overpriced for the portion. The food are all quite oily, like soaked in oil.. It's a self serve environment like a food court. It's alright but not worth the wait though..
Had a quick bite here on the late side (just before 8pm; closes 8:30) -- wasn't at all crowded. Went for N9, Pork "Zha Jiang" Hand-Ripped Noodles, and ate in. Noodles were firm with a good chew, and "mild spicy" still meant a moderate burn that was pleasantly hot and tingly. Only issue: it was tricky getting the ground pork and the slippery noodles in the same bite using chopsticks; I wound up resorting to a fork at the end to fish most of the meat nubbins out of the chile oil sauce after finishing the noodles.Very clean, polite service, and I liked how up front you can see the entire cooking process.I'd definitely come back to try other dishes...
It's a really excellent Chinese restaurant. The food is really authentic and the price is reasonable.
It's better than the one in Chinatown. I really like their "LiangPi", which is the cold noodles. I think that's the #1 from the menu. I did not order spicy because I don't to have spicy food that day, and you can alway add pepper to it later. It's nice, fast, and very good food! Would come back again :)
Compared with other Xi'an famous food, this one is the worst. Its beef noodles are almost cold. I would never come back to this one anymore. How could these Xi'an famous foods are so different? I would recommend the one in East Village.
Ate take out so unsure how it really should taste in restaurant because of insufficient seating inside so we had to take out. I am not a fan of spicy noodles and dumplings so I did not like taste. Others thought food was good because of the fresh hand pull made pasta.
I came to this location because the other one in Midtown East that I'd been to didn't have dumplings on their menu, which i really wanted to try. I came here with a friend and we got the lamb spinach dumplings in soup and hand-pulled noodles with lamb. As always, it was so good. The dumplings in soup were warming and filling and the hand-pulled noodles were a delicious delight. My friend doesn't like lamb and she was worried about the taste, but she absolutely enjoyed Xi'an's lamb stuffs.I haven't been disappointed yet and will keep coming back!
Looking for fancy? go somewhere else, but when we don't mind running the risk of getting the oil all over our clothes we come here. a trick to eating this is to cut up the noodles when you get to eating. Sometimes the people calling out the number can get impatient, but the idea of this place is to pump out orders asap.  Usually the lines move fairly quickly so we don't mind stopping by here for lunch and gambling. It's reasonably priced eats and it breaks up the routine.
Spicy food but a great place for lunch. It's easy to order - as soon as you walk in there's a board to your left with numbers for each dish and a guide letting you know what's spicy and what's vegetarian, or both. The line is usually long but it goes very fast. Decent amount of space to eat there. Prices are very reasonable. They make their noodles by hand right in front of you and you can see the entire kitchen operation. Only reason I gave 4 out of 5 stars is because even the soup dishes that aren't marked as spicy are still quite spicy. If you like spicy food, this is your place and you would give it 5 stars!
I love this place. Somehow I never spotted this particular location, even though I've been to Flushing, East Village, and Midtown. The food was on par with the other locations, which is to say it's delicious!The store is very long and narrow, so only expect seating if you're solo or a couple happy with bar seating. Walk past the front in order to get to the actual cashier.I had a stewed pork burger/bun, which was thankfully not spicy. The meat was tender and flavorful, bun was just a little bit crunchy, and it was served quite hot. Grab some extra napkins, as the oils will soak through the wrapper pretty much immediately.
I have been a loyal customer at Xi'an for many years now since my Taiwanese nanny in Brooklyn kindly introduced the Liang Pi and Lamb Burger to us from an excursion to Flushing.  I have been hooked ever since.  I have been to the E Broadway location.  I used to frequent the East Village location weekly when I worked near there.  Now I work form home in Westchester and on the rare occasions I come into the city, I always make it a point to go to the 34th St location.  I am very happy to report that the food is as consistently delicious as any of the original locations.  Ive tried everything on the menu.  Really theres nothing I cannot recommend highly.  The food is fresh, full of flavor, authentic and affordable.  i can't wait to go back!
Amazing hand-pulled noodles! I come here about once a week for my noodle fix, and am a huge fan of the lamb cumin noodles, both dry and in soup.
Food tasted great and at a super-reasonable price. Great choice if you're looking for something quick, tasty, and not too expensive! I had the spicy lamb cumin noodles. Really tasty and generous portion sizes
Since I dont know how authentic food taste like, could be unreasonable review but I ordered N1 and I felt like noodle was thick and very doughy. & it was very long that I couldnt really cut them to bite size.. struggle was real.. if u sit on first floor, it was bit cramped to the wall and other people sitting right next to you. (Maybe good if u come by urself) but there is good seating area second floor. Otherwise food was very tasty including the tea !
Went here during a quick trip in the city. The food is served quickly, it's decently priced and the portions are huge. Wish I lived in NYC so I could eat it more often.
Ahhh....Heaven! I love this place! This place is awesome! Their noodle dishes are delicious. Lamb noodle dish spicy is out of sight. All those spices really mesh well. I highly recommend dinning in. They taste the best when nice and hot! Once they get room temp, they do tend to stick together. This is the place where their version of "mild" is "medium", medium" is "hot", and their "hot" is "extra hot". So be careful.
Super fast service - my friend and I barely sat down and our food was ready. She got one of the salads (so healthy, haha), and I got the spicy cumin lamb bun/burger thing. It was SO GOOD. Spicy (but not too spicy), wonderfully flavored, and the bun was delicious. Will come back for a cheap, quick eat!
Pretty good.  If you like your noodles full of flavors, this is for you.You can pick how your dish is cook.  Not sure how about the texture of the noodle (probably not.)Stuff you can pick are:  How much oil, how salty, and how spicy.I don't know about you, but mine is always less oil and the most spiciest they offer.  And if you like spicy food their most spicy is not spicy at all.  There's no breathing fire, no water in your eyes, just not that kind of spicy.  but of course that's me, I put hot sauce in my Shin noodle.And the one and only time I ate there I feel like the portion was much smaller than take out.
great food, as expected xi'an spicy noodle w/ lamp. Best interior space out of all Xi'an, you can actually sit together with friends on 2nd floor.
The noodles were fantastic. You can stand and watch them make and rip the noodles. Not a lot of space to sit. Will definitely go back.
I had the stewed pork burger. It was quite delicious. I loved the bread, it was a good thickness and had a crunch with worked with the softness of the meat. The flavor of the pork was perfect. The only thing I didn't like was that it seemed like they put in extra fat to the pork. I would come across large chunks of it as I ateAnd I just hate the texture of fat on my mouth. Other than that, the service was quick and the seating upstairs wasn't bad.
It's not bad, it's pretty good, but for the price the portion is def on the smaller side and honestly, it's not that spicy (even if u ask for extra spicy). The broad hand pulled noodle is nice but this reminds me of a cheap take out spot, they don't even separate the noodles from the soup for take out which is annoying. There are a few other Sichuan places nearby and their spicy beef noodle soup can rival this place and if u ask for extra hot, heck it's even spicer and it cost the same and probably with more meat. There's cafe china, gran Sichuan and at least two other spot with spicy beef noodles.
Good food and excellent service. Will come next time. Best place to eat real xian food in town.
Awesome hand pulled noodles. Really great vegetarian options - which is rare for noodle spots in NYC. Love the ice teas too
While this might have been a one$ it is NOT anymore. Nor does it feels asian with those "cooks" behind the glass there. The portions got smaller, more inconsistent and much more expensive!
I got the stingy(?) spicy beef noodle soup and the taste was very authentic. Good amount of food. My friend got the Guihua porridge and it was really good too! Looked like a dingy take out place from the outside but there is seating inside. We came at 12pm on a weekday and could get seats no problem. Half an hr later the place was completely full.
Very happy that there is a Xi'an Famous Foods so close to the office. Finally!Had the Ns1 which was the Spicy Cumin Lamb Noodles in Soup $8.50 and it was very flavorful with a spicy kick. The noodles are perfectly done and freshly made in the open kitchen. The F2 Stewed Oxtail $10 was not spicy but marinated in a soy based sauce. The meat was cooked well but still had a bit of chew to it. While good it didn't have that same wow factor that their noodle soups have. I kind of dumped the rest of the oxtails into the spicy lamb broth after I ate the Ns1 and that made it so much better.The line was extremely long and out the door at 1pm on a Thursday but went pretty quickly. You ordered and paid, then step back further into the restaurant to wait for your food to be prepared. You need to listen for your order number because they don't necessarily come out in order as some items need more prep time than others. I did take out and they use microwavable bowls. It still tastes as good after a 5-10 minute walk back to the office in the freezing cold. Reheated leftovers for 2 minutes the day after for lunch and still very good. I kept it in the same microwavable container, splashed a bit of water in it and kept the lid on. The noodles were a bit softer and a bit gummy the next day but still holds up well enough.The space was very narrow but has a few seats on the ground level and a open seating area upstairs if you decide to eat in. This is the same self service as other locations; you get your food and seat yourself. A great new lunch spot in the area and a welcomed addition to the neighborhood.
This place has some dank noodles. The spiciness was perfect. I had the Ns3 and I had nothing left in the bowl when I was done. Idk what else to say mane the noodles were goooood.
Found out about this place from a show on FYI channel. I work in the area so I decided to check it out. My friend and I ordered the oxtail & noodles, the lamb dumplings in the broth  and she had the chicken and noodles. Oxtails were so delicious, I would defiantly come back and have that. I was a little disappointed in the lamb dumplings, I didn't know the broth was vinegar base and it was very over powering. My friend loved her chicken dish and said it was also very flavorful. I will deff be back !
I really like this place. The portion is pretty good for the price. I personally love noodles so I always like trying something new here! I've had the spicy and tingly beef and also the stewed pork so far. They're really great! However I'm giving this place 4 stars because my stewed pork was a little dry and there have been times when the spice level is inconsistent, but other than that really good noodles. Also the line might look long but it moved pretty quickly!
holy f*** I love this place.  The lamb dumplings in broth and the spicy tingly beef noodles are both killer.  I am glad I don't live nearby one because I would eat there all the time.  Whatever the first thing on the menu is (something cold noodles) is very good as well. Spinach dumplings in broth are also good but not amazing like the lamb dumplings. I was underwhelmed by the cumin scented lamb noodles, but my friend loves them so those would probably be considered good too.  Also not impressed by their lamb burger (not a fan of the bread).
Like the east village location, this one is amaaaazing. So good and so authentic. Worth the 20 minute wait on my lunch hour (1-2pm)
Liked the place for a quick stopover. Had the spicy cumin lamb noodles which were awesome! Also had the minced lamb dumplings in sauce - the lamb was delish but the dumplings covering was too thick - so I'd give that a skip.
Greasy noodles really aren't my thing but a few of my buddies were insistent on eating here so I agreed to also. The first thing I noticed was that they don't deliver because, according to a sign next to their menu, the food "congeals" and fuses into one mass of semi-edible matter and is ultimately not enjoyable. Fine. Thanks for the warning, but not particularly appetizing when deciding what I want to order.Anyway, and maybe I'll lose you here, but I'm a vegetarian. Not a militant one by any means, but I don't eat meat, and don't want to. I ordered the spinach dumplings, which I was told had no meat, and were labeled vegetarian on the menu. I received my order, which was essentially a hot oil bowl of goopy broth and some admittedly decent looking dumplings. I began eating it, and the broth was pretty gross. Think Vanessa's quality spicy soup, then pull back a few steps on taste and you'll get the idea. I took a bite out of one of the dumplings and was surprised to taste chicken... When I looked at the dumpling after I took it out of my mouth, there was a piece of chicken in it. I opened three other dumplings and found that one of the other ones had chicken in it as well...I was pretty upset at this point but figured there was a decent explanation for this. I went up to the service counter and this is how the conversation went:Me: ummm.... I think there is chicken in my vegetarian dumplings.Employee: No there isn't.Me: Ummm, well look, that looks like chicken.Employee: No that's spinach.Me: No... spinach is green and leafy. This is white and meaty. Thats chicken I think,Employee: No thats rice noodle.Me: That's not rice... That looks like meat. Don't you agree?Employee: It does but there can't be meat in it because its vegetarian.Me: Okay... well there appears to be meat in it.Employee: It's probably just rice noodle.Me: That's not what rice looks like.At this point a woman, who I assume also works there, came up to see what the issue was. I say I assume she works there because she had her jacket on and was holding an umbrella, so if she was wearing an employee t-shirt, I couldn't see it. She asked what my problem was and I told her that I thought there was meat in my vegetarian dish. I showed her and she, I swear to god STUCK HER UNWASHED BAREHAND INTO MY FOOD, DUG THE CHICKEN OUT OF THE DUMPLING AND STUCK IT IN HER MOUTH! The conversation then went like this.Me: Wow.... I can't believe you just did that.Woman: Its just an egg, so no big deal. We make it with egg.Employee: Yea, its an egg.Me: Wow.... I can't believe you just did that...Employee: Its an egg, not chicken. So you can eat it.Me: You just stuck your hand in my food. I cannot eat it now.Woman: Its fine. Just eat it. There is no problem.I went back and threw my food out, utterly disgusted. Another employee asked if I was okay, and I said no because an employee just put her hand in my food, but whatever... They offered me to get something else but I didn't want to. They did not offer me a refund. They did not apologize. Seriously I don't know why people like this place. The food is not good and they hire people who are entirely unsanitary. I will never eat here again, and I advise you don't either.I should add that it was definitely chicken...
I've been going to Xi'an since 8 years ago when they're still a tiny noodle shop in China town under the bridge. The N2 beef noodles are my old time fave! Over the years we explored almost all items on their menu which was getting larger and larger and our absolute favorite is N1 lamb noodle and B2 lamb burger(we will always order 6 of these cold and freeze them as they reheat really well). Other than those we generally trust all items on their menu to be great and worth trying. This store is our 'to go' location as it's right near where I work and so easy to pack up 2 noodles and 6 burgers to go. It's new and clean and as delicious as all other stores. Our dine-in Xi'an location is the brand new one across the street from MOMA it's now our to-go place for a quick bite near home.
Ok so this place has a lot of hype around it. And it somewhat lives up to it! The pulled noodles are delicious - chewy yet tender and wavy/long. They're cooked perfectly. But I don't think that the spicy noodle dishes that I tried (spicy cumin lamb and spicy tingly beef) were actually all that flavorful, even though they were spicy and (too) oily. I love spicy food and especially love spicy noodles that my parents cook at home, but I think these really just weren't all that special for the rising prices. There isn't that much seating so it's very very "fast" casual, and dishes cost around $9. A huge downside was that despite these spicy dishes, they don't have free water! So you must spend at least an extra dollar just to have something to drink. I know this is a smart business move for them but it makes me not want to come back. Overall I'd come here again only if a friend or family member wanted to try the place out, but not of my own volition probably!
Obviously these noodles are way better than what I can find in my hometown. With that being said, I wasn't gaga over the tofu skin cold noodles. Spicy beef noodles were sufficiently good but my faves were the lamb dumplings and cucumbers. The cucumbers definitely add a refreshing element to everything. However, I got spoiled from the cucumbers at tasty pulled noodles in Chinatown a couple of nights ago. If you're in midtown, these are pretty good hand pulled noodles. If near Chinatown, eat at one of the restaurants there.
I'm a big Xian fan. I had only ever gone to the LES location today. It's just as delicious at this location, and I'm glad to see expansion and popularity have not taken away from crafting their incredibly delicious Chinese noodle dishes. Simple and cheap. The noodles are thick, chewy, and not fussy. They look like (and they are) pulled and torn by hand, boiled, and coated with tasty chile oil sauces, spices, and broths - depending on which dish you choose. And they are coated well in whatever liquid is around. Personal favorites include the Spicy Beef Noodles, Lamb Cumin Noodles, and Oxtail Noodles. When it's cold I go with the soup versions of those. When it's warm, the noodles-only (non soup) version. I always get an order of the pickles and a Jasmine tea (although Chrysanthemum and Sour Hawberry are also good).  If you're in Manhattan, chances are there's a location within walking or reasonable subway distance. Do yourself a favor.
This is my 2nd time experiencing Xi'an Famous Foods. 1st time, I visited the one on St. Marks Place, and while both times were very good, I think I much prefer this location and what I ordered this time.  It depends what your preference is really.  I like that this location was a little more restaurant style than street food, and had more seats.  But the other location can be good too if you don't mind eating in a nearby park (although it is possible to get a seat there too if you're lucky).I don't remember what I ordered the first time, but this time, I got the Spicy Lamb Cumin noodles, and this was absolutely amazing.  It is pretty spicy so just be aware.  Even with "medium" heat it was pretty hot.  Amazing.  Would love to be be back!  Xie xie.
Yay to another new location!!  This place is pretty spacious, nice 'n clean!  They do have an upstairs but it was closed when I was last here for some reason.I got the pork zha jiang noodles, beef soup, lamb soup and stewed pork burger.  The noodles, however, were just way too greasy for me.  The whole bowl is filled with grease and oil, but the noodles are good!  I did like the burger better, though!
We ordered spicy tingly beef noodles, the green salad, spinach dumplings, and pork noodle soup. Every item was a hit. The wait was not super long, and the music was a very deliberate addition to the ambiance. We loved it.
Anyone who knows the New York Chinese food scene knows about Xi'an Famous Foods. And yet, despite a lifetime of trips to Flushing, I had never tried it. I took the opportunity on a recent trip to the city to eat some delicious northwestern Chinese food, and overall it was great!This was one stop on a day-long eating tour, so we ordered light, choosing to split an order of the spicy cumin lamb hand-ripped noodles (N1) and a stewed pork burger (B1). The stewed pork burger was tasty--think fatty, juicy braised pork stuffed inside an English-muffin-like bun. It was messy, but so comforting. The spicy cumin lamb hand-ripped noodles, meanwhile, were a delicious challenge. The freshly handmade noodles were simply boiled, then doused in a spicy cumin-laced chili oil and topped with bits of cabbage and lamb. My boyfriend and I can both handle a decent amount of spice, and this was just at the limits of our comfort level with a heat that built up steadily as we were eating. The noodles had a wonderful chew, and I enjoyed the slight gaminess of the lamb paired with the cumin. It reminded me of the way my northeastern Chinese parents prepare lamb (lots and lots of cumin). My boyfriend was less enthused by the sauce, despite really liking the noodles. He thought the flavor was reminiscent of chili in an off-putting way and too one-note. We both thought the noodles could do with less oil, as they were swimming in it. Still, I enjoyed the noodles overall, preferring it to the pork burger, and would eat them again. My boyfriend liked the pork burger more and wished we had ordered two of them.Prices were very reasonable for this part of the city, with the "burger" coming in at a little over $3, and the noodles over $8. The ordering system is set up somewhat like a deli. You order and pay at the front, are handed a ticket, and then wait next to the small open kitchen for your food to be ready. I loved seeing the chefs busy at work, especially the woman who was forming our hand-pulled noodles at a dizzying speed. Walking past the kitchen, there's a modest seating area with utensils and napkins set out for you to help yourself. No table service here, but if you're in a hurry or want to save money on tips, this is ideal. The restaurant theme is industrial hipster, with lots of quirky artwork and metal chairs. I would prefer more comfortable seating and a cleaner eating area, but for the price, I wasn't especially bothered. I'm really looking forward to coming back to another location and trying more of the menu.
I was really excited to try this place out until i realized that I would be getting fresh noodles with a ridiculous amount of oil.  The noodles were hand made and yes, its cool to see them rolling the noodles etc as you're waiting in line.  Maybe I'm crazy, but it was like eating a bowl of chili oil with no other flavor. I couldn't even eat it after a couple of bites.
Lamb po mo and sour hawberry tea.  It is very close to what I had in Xi'an, however, the bread already comes precubed instead of having the customer break the bread into smaller nail sized pieces themselves.  It only had less than 10 pieces of lamb inside the soup with some clear vermicelli.  I also got to choose between mild, medium and spicy.  I chose mild.I loved the sour hawberry tea.  It wasn't too sour or too sweet.I know that they're more known for their hand pulled noodles, so I definitely need to come back to try any of their dishes.
My favorite is NS4 - their stewed pork noodle soup. Noodles are fresh and I love the cilantro and chives in this soup! Jonathan is great - remembers my order. Service is good, cashiers are very knowledgeable and pleasant! I order from here every week and always satisfied :)
I always stop by Xi'an Famous Foods when I pass by Herald Square. I love their cold noodles (A1). The noodles are always cooked perfectly and the sauce complements the dish extremely well. The cashiers are also always super friendly and it's nice that you get to see your food being made behind the glass case.
My go to lunch spot! It's a guarantee the food will always be fresh and spicy, just how I like it. I recommend the mount qi vegetables, I get mine Extra Extra Extra Spicy. The spinach dumplings are amazing as well. The atmosphere is unique with its superb music playlist of old school hip hop.
I've been meaning to try this place out for quite some time. I finally had the chance today and I was glad I tried them out.Came here on a Saturday afternoon around 1:30PM. There were about a dozen patrons waiting on line to order and pickup the food.The cashier taking orders was efficient and friendly. I ordered the cumin lamb burger and stewed pork noodles, both spicy for take-out. The meal cost about $12.After paying, I waited in line for about ten minutes for my food. While I was waiting, I observed a worker hand-pulling and boiling the noodles, an interesting and unique sight.The wait could have been less, but the delay was due to the fact that the dishes are freshly made on the spot and not simply reheated. After receiving the food, I wanted to sample the fresh hand-made noodles before they got cold. As I stood up, I took a small bite and knew I would thoroughly enjoy the meal once I actually settled down to eat it. Spicy Stewed Pork Noodles:The noodles were tender, al-dente. Although I ate the noodles 15 minutes later, they were still very tasty. The spices and seasoning added a very flavorful element to the dish and the stewed pork was cooked to perfection. I anticipated that the dish might be too oily, but this turned out not to be an issue. I thoroughly enjoyed this dish.  Spicy Cumin Lamb Burger:I did not feel the same way about the cumin lamb burger, however. I never tried a Chinese hamburger before so I have no other reference through which to gauge the taste of XFF's offering. The lamb featured a gamey flavor and the texture was something I was not used to in a hamburger. However, I cannot really hold this against XFF because I do not know how the item is supposed to taste. Perhaps it was an issue with the burger itself and not the way XFF prepares it.Overall, I will definitely return to sample their many other dishes, as they feature an extensive menu. Also, next time I will be sure to order all the dishes "extra spicy" as opposed to the regular "spicy." It will be interesting to see how this change will elevate the flavors of their offerings.
What else do you want????!!! Homemade asian noodles cooked with a variation of different meats and o veggies,all fresh prepared in front if you. Yes the noodles too!!!! Yes you will stsnd in line even outside and wait ! Spicy fresh and delicious!!
Xi'an Famous Foods is a quick and cheap Chinese restaurant on 34th street. There are multiple locations in Manhattan. This location is much bigger than the one in Chinatown. Like the other locations, there's a huge menu that covers the left side wall. You order first and then sit down in the back or second floor. There are labels for Vegetarian on the bottom of each picture. The food is different than your typical Chinese American fast food joint. They specialize in western Chinese dishes. I ordered the spicy sour spinach dumplings ($9).It's a great spot to take friends unfamiliar with Chinatown to get some authentic Chinese food. I recommend bringing a group and picking a few dishes to share.
Good taste. Very little space. No place to sit. Crowded. Bad service. Not very clean inside.
I ordered the Spicy Cumin Lamb Noodles. It was delicious. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the pool of oil that was left in the dish when I was done. Don't let that stop you though; I'll be back!
Solid. Good noodles, and good flavor. I thought the lamb dumplings were a little dough heavy. I also had the oxtail noodle soup- noodles were on point! Only (2) small pieces of oxtail. The broth was a little oily.Decent prices.
Absolutely LOVE this place. Food made fresh from scratch. A cuisine unlike anything I've every experienced. It's different and delicious. The music playlist is also on point with classic Hip Hop mostly from the late 80's and 90's.
I went there for a late work lunch close to 3pm.  The store was quite empty when I walked in, nothing like the lunch craziness I had experienced during prime hours at other locations. There was no one waiting to order and when I got to the food pick up station, I learned there are two other people waiting ahead of me. Since I ordered the simplest dish on the menu, cold skin noodle, I expected it to be fairly quick. However, the guy at the packaging station looked super cofused and was very slow. The woman ahead of me ordered multiple things and he couldn't count or figuring out what was still missing. I waited 10 minutes before receiving my cold noodle (which was pretty long considering there were 3 people preping food and my dish only required a simple sauce mixing), and when I was half done with my food, the woman was still waiting for hers. Food was good like their other stores, but I know for sure I would never return here for lunch because I would be in line waiting forever.
I've been chomping at the bit to come to this place ever since Andrew Zimmern debuted it on his show. And boy was it worth the wait!!!I had the soup noodles. The noodles were chewy, the soup was well flavored and the lamb was amazing.
It's unbelievable how good these noodles are both in price and flavor! Do yourself and your taste buds a favor and get it spicy to extra spicy, just dont forget your drink :)
Was yelping for a good Chinese place to eat when I came across the high ratings for this place. When I looked at the menu I was a little hesitant of how the food would be but I am so glad I went ahead and ate here! Got the No6 Concubine's Chicken with hand pulled noodles. I normally prefer my chicken boneless (less work/easier to eat) but boy was this good. The noodles were fresh and chewy and the flavor of the chicken was SO GOOD. It was so good that my parents who were hesitant to eat there wanted to eat there again the next day. Also got the Jasmine tea which I would recommend to anyone who wants a drink with their meal.
I can't eat too spicy but this place had me coming back constantly. I had the spicy beef noodle and the noodles were so chewy and the taste just right. I saw some mainland Chinese people eating there so I am sure it's authentic. They import their own spice straight from China I read somewhere.
I almost feel silly writing yet another 5/5 review for this place, but then again it deserves it. It is every bit as good as you would expect. I have tried almost every dish and it is all good.
No frills restaurant that specializes in hand pulled noodles and dumplings.  We tried the spicy noodles with lamb and cumin- excellent, the noodles with beef- good and an order of dumplings-very good.  The staff were earnest and pleasant.  The cashier gave good advice.  The dining area is basic.  The jasmine tea was a bit weird.  The prices were inexpensive.  I would definitely go back.
I've eaten here 3 times and had great experiences. But the 3rd time, I came at 230 today around off peak and there was no urgency to attend to the customers. Their staff was standing around twiddling their thumbs and eating their lunch while no one tended to the line of customers. Finally after waiting 10 minutes they made my order and I received my noodles as cold and flabby. The special quality about this place are the special noodles which should be thin and soft, and for which the restaurant implores customers to eat hot and fresh, aka if you wait too long the noodles are no good. When I complained and wanted a refund, they said they could not give me one. What an awful customer experience.
Dank ass noodles. Don't go hot unless you're ready for the furnace to wreck that flavor snout that's sitting on your face. Tl;dr: dank and hot.
I keep coming back to this place.  Great quality and unique options. Love the spinach dumpling sweet and sour soup/
This is exactly what I needed for lunch. He oxtail soup was so delicious and filling. The oxtails were tender and the noodles cooked perfectly. The base of the soup was flavorful without being overly spicy...just the right amount of heat. Will be back tomorrow.
After passing this place all the time, I finally gave up and tried this joint. I wasn't expecting super authentic Liang Pi, but was pleasantly shocked at how great it tasted. I got mild, cause I don't handle my spicy well. The price is unbeatable, but I find the portions to be on the smaller side. I tried the Liang Pi in both cold and stir fried, and I definitely would recommend the cold version.I would recommend coming here after the lunch rush is over, or expect to stand in a long line. It moves rather fast though, so if you don't mind the slight wait it's not a big deal.Thumbs up, delicious.
Noodles are great, my favorite is the "tingly" beef noodles. By tingly they basically mean it's mala spicy, where the spiciness is the type that is a stinging spicy rather than regular tongue burning spicy. But in general, this place tones down their spicy stuff to suit American palettes. I got the extra spicy, and to me that is just normal spicy. So if you're a fan of spicy food, definitely ask for extra spicy and it'll be just enough kick without having to take a sip of water every bite. I'm so glad they opened a branch near Herald Square, although the price is about .25-.50 cents more than some of the other branches given the location. This location also has tons of upstairs seating which is a plus. Will definitely return regularly for my fix of real chinese food!
Very tasty and fresh hand-pulled noodles made right in front of you ! Staff is always friendly.  Best time to get there is before 12pm. A little after noon is the time when the line starts to get long.
They have like the best noodles ever but had to take one star off because of their sucky chopsticks, I know right !I didn't rate it 5 stars because the girl messed up my order, the kitchen staff offered to change it (which was from noodles for soup) but I said not to worry..still I made sure I mentioned "soup" or "S" when I ordered, guess the girl didn't care to double check since it's always so busy there.Will be back though, there is enough seating at this location. Still some of the customers (I don't mean to be racist or anything but I can tell they are Chinese from overseas) take so much space for their bags or just for comfort which makes some of the other customers uncomfortable asking for a seat. In such a tiny place I would think it's common sense you keep your stuff closer to you and save on space so that everyone can enjoy their food and go. Anyway love their food, especially the spicy dishes.
We had great expectations from this place because we saw it on Andrew Zimmern show as well as they had great reviews on yelp, we had spicy cumin lamb noodles and spicy and sour lamb dumplings and they were not bad but they were nothing exceptional either. Inspite of the warnings in the menu that only 2% people order extra spicy we decided to risk it as we are well aware of what people consider "spicy" and we were correct there was nothing extra in the spicy, it was pretty mild so those who like spicy it's better to go for extra spicy. Overall it was good but not worth the hype.
Stopped here with a friend...  Great place! I really wanted to get a throwback to my time in xi'an, so I naturally got the rou jia mo and the yang rou pao mo.  Both on point!  I highly recommend this place, but seating is limited! I just wish it was colder so I could appreciate the food more :)
A rainy / chilly / snowy day or a combination of any of them + A visit to Xi An Famous Food + Spicy & Sour lamb dumplings in broth + Jasmine tea + 1 empty stomach + $10 = Perfection!!
Xi'an was recommended to me as a cheap eats option in New York.  The idea is you order your noodles off of a menu on the wall, the cooks take the dough, shape it into your noodles, and cook everything right in front of you.  It's not so much a gimmick as it is a way to show that your food is fresh.  My wife and I had the spicy beef noodles (mine), the cumin lamb noodles (wife), and the lamb dumplings.  Xi'an does not play around with spice.  Our noodles were soaking in chili sauce.  I love spicy, but even my nose was running from this food.  If you don't like spicy, they have varying levels of heat.  The noodles were great, and I loved the dumplings.  Xi'an is a great place for a cheap but delicious meal in New York.
Nice place to get good and quick noodles.  Orders were processed pretty quickly.  I asked guy taking my order what his favorite dish was.  He said,"cold skin noodles" but explained that it was not made with any sort of skin but a textured noodle.  I have to say I thought it was delicious.  The textured noodles soaked up and retained the flavorful vinegar-based sauce.  The cilantro made the dish all that more refreshing.  It was very nice that you have control of exactly how much spice you want as I am a spicy wimp.  I think the oxtail soup would have been better with some amount of spice in retrospect.  I must say that the noodles were excellent...just very fresh and cooked perfectly.  I never really thought I'd say that about something so simple....basically flour and water but these are good!I recommend the concubine noodles and there "cold shin noodles".  I also recommend the rice cake with honey which is wrapped in bamboo leaf, adding a nice flavor hat soaks deeply into the sticky rice.  As you make your way to the middle, cooked dates offer a sweet surprise. Don't forget the sweet honey sauce! It makes a difference! Staff was helpful and friendly.
We came here for dinner, after the lunch we had at the Bayard St. Xian Famous Foods. This location is much larger (with a second floor, which was unfortunately closed). The staff was very nice and told us to take our time with the menu. There were no seats at all when we got there due to the majority of seats being taken by bags or there was just no seats. We had to be separated but it was okay. This time we ordered the Spicy Cumin Lamb Hand-ripped Noodles in Soup, Mount Qi Pork Hand-ripped Noodles, Spicy and Tingly Beef Hand-ripped Noodles, Stewed Pork Burger and the Spicy Cumin Lamb Burger.Although we ordered some items we had for lunch, everyone tried something different from what they had. The noodles were quite the same except that R. said that the Mount Qi Pork Hand-ripped Noodles was kind of sour at the same time. The Stewed Pork Burger and Spicy Cumin Lamb Burger was okay. The bun part was too doughy and does not have the distinct taste that R.  had experienced in China. The meat was great though. The spices came together with the meat to make this flavorful "burger".We would not recommend eating at Xi'an Famous Foods for every meal since there is quite a lot of spicy oil and it will leave you with a parched throat. Occasionally is okay since the food is quite good.
Ns2. spicy and tingly beef noodle soup. my mouth is watering as i write this. its SO good. note - dumplings not available until 2 pm. disappointing!
Xian is one of my favorite lunch spots. Everything that I have ordered here is delicious! They are known for their hand ripped noodles and be careful with their spicy meter. It gets very VERY SPICY. I always recommend my friends/ coworkers to get mild the first time around and then go from there. I've had a few people go right for spicy and regret it later haha.  If you are a fan of spicy food then this place will be great for you!  I normally get N9 Zha jiang noodles (noodles with ground pork, cucumber, scallions) and would 100% recommend it. I've also had the spinach dumplings and the cucumber salad. Both are delicious.  One more tip: if you go on the website and find your store location, it has a meter for how busy the store is at that time.
The rou jia mo is so so good as well as liang pi. However, the lamb soup with bread was just ok. Will go back for the rou jia mo.
Xi'an famous food is my go to place for lunch if I want some authentic Chinese food! :) I love the lamb bun and the spicy rice noodle!! The store is very clean and there are plenty of seats on second floor.
Its so bad for what I ordered name with Pita bread soaked in lamp soup, it's not traditional xi'an food
You'd better have diarrhea medicine ready before you go there. I work nearby and I once thought it would be a good lunch spot. I got the run in one hour after I had the Chinese burger, I thought it was probably my own problem. I went back for the pork noodle again, I'm sure part of the meat sauce had gone off. The guy wears glasses who calls number is SUPER RUDE, never ever try to talk to him. They seems don't care about customers because people will go there no matter what. Good luck.
I actually love the food but this review is for their idiotic "broken drink" policy. Their policy says if you drop one of their teas and it breaks, that's your fault and you don't get another one. I bought one and poked the top to get the straw in, at which point it exploded all over me and got me and the table all wet. Then I went to the front and was informed that "poking too hard" was akin to dropping it, entirely my own carelessness, and not only was I supposed to get all wet due to their defective products (or failure to shell out for the pointy straws that these kind of cups are supposed to have!), I also had to buy another beverage! COME ON! Like fix your dumb tea situation please. So it can be as good as the noodles.
Nom nom nom! The sweet and sour broth is uh-mazingly complex and such an experience. It's like nothing I've ever had before and I can't stop thinking about it!
Xi'an Famous Foods is one of my favorite places if I'm craving spicy Asian food. This location in particular is awesome, because it has an upper level just for seating and is new and clean. I love their spicy and tingly beef noodles with soup, stewed pork noodles, and pork burger. Everything is bursting with flavor. The noodle soups are kind of too oily (I still drink it all) but have super thick, chewy noodles, nice chunks of meat, and pieces of cabbage for an added crunch. If the noodle soup becomes too much to handle, they have cold teas and fresh soymilk to give your mouth a rest. The burger is large and quite filling for the price. I had never heard of authentic Chinese burgers until coming here. This is also the first place where I've seen or tried Pao Mo, which tasted weird at first but was something I'd order again. Next time, I'll also try the Liang Pi.Update: I tried the Liang Pi, and it was good (the taste was slightly sour and reminded me of what they put in the Pao Mo), but my favorite dishes are still the noodles and burger.
Noodles are delicious, extra spicy is delicious, minus one star bc my food was bathing in a thick layer of oil; couldn't even eat the remaining veggies bc they had wilted in the oil and were literally dripping oil when I fished them out.Update: owner messaged me to say that the noodles were oily because I ordered extra spicy, and that the oil is soybean oil so pretty healthy. I appreciate the input. I wish there was a way I could order extra spicy with less oil---will try that or medium spicy next time.
Yum! Try the cucumber salad! Everything we tried was great and cheap!! Great experience and we will definitely check out the other locations! Very friendly employees.
Waited for 10 minutes for my order when they realized they forgot to put someone else's order in. They gave her my order instead and a had to wait another 10 minutes for my order.  At that point they told me one of the dumplings burst and they could substitute for a veggie dumpling instead if I preferred.  Given the frustration I told them if they added 2 more veggie dumplings on top of my order to make up for the hassle that would be ok. However,  according to company policy they cannot go above and beyond for customer service.  In the end I waited 30 minutes for 6 lamb dumplings. ...could have spent the half hour after work in a much better way....
yum yum yum. I visited here on a Saturday afternoon. My husband and I ordered Chang-an Spicy tofu, tiger vegetable salad, and spicy hot oil seared hand-ripped noodles.  Everything was delicious, though my favorites were the salad and noodles. We plan to visit again on future trips.
Love the B1. Possibly the best value in Midtown Manhattan if you're a meat eater. Holy mackerel this place is spectacular. Between the amazing "burgers" on those crazy, doughy buns, and the ramen......comfort food personified.
Yummmmm I love Xi'an! I've been to several of its locations around the city (Chinatown, East Village, Midtown), and this one is no less satisfying :) The prices are the same despite it being right next to Herald Square, and the food is as flavorful as ever.In fact, this location might even be an improvement in several respects:1) It's larger -- There are two floors to eat on! Apparently you can reserve the second floor for large parties. When I came here, the entire second floor was reserved by a large group, so the rest of the customers had to cramp into the first floor, just like in any other Xi'an Famous Foods locations. Even so, I was able to find a place to sit pretty quickly.2) Watch your noodles being hand-made and cooked -- The kitchen is in the *middle* of the restaurant -- between the cashier and the tables. (Normally, the kitchen is hidden in the back.) As you wait on line for your order, you can see the employee stretching out balls of dough with her bare hands and slicing them into the noodles that will be cooked in the deliciously hot broth.3) Customize the spiciness level -- Just one more thing that this location has over the others (that I've seen so far). I love their food, but my options have always been limited because of my spice intolerance. Here, you get to choose whether you want a dish to be non-spicy, mildly spicy, spicy, etc.--not for *all* of their menu items, but for a good number of them. This is my favorite modification of all.Keep on rocking, Xi'an.
Had the Zha Jiang pork noodles at this new location.  It is a lot more spcious than the other places, but the service sfelt slower for some reason.  Maybe i was just hungry. The only comment I had about the dish si that some bits were hot while others were cold which was a bit of a turnoff.
....when the leftovers are just as good, my budget is in trouble...sigh...thank you for great lunch twice in a row. spicy cumin lamb noodles, spinach dumplings and lamb burger...fantastic...
Wonderful food that won't deplete your wallet. The wait time was amazing, did not wait long for my food. It was as tasty as it smelled and told me. Would come back again for sure!!
I just ate here for the first time. I ordered the Spicy and Tingly Beef Noodles, and they were delicious! The amount of spice was perfect, and the texture of the noodles was great. They were the perfect level of chewy. The beef was really tender and had a good flavor after being in the spicy sauce. The portion size was perfect for me, heaping up a paper plate. I will definitely come back here on my lunch break again! I ordered and had my food within 10 minutes.
Just saw an employee go through his hair multiple times with his hand then he began handling food without even washing his hands. That's just gross.
My nephew watched an Andrew Zimmerman show and he made me bring him here.  Well Andrew Zimmerman was right the noodles are so good!  Hand made noodles...   yummy.  The ice tea was really good too.
I ordered two veggie dishes .... And found RAW meat in my soup and the cash person didn't care! It was a raw piece of meat! You would think someone eating and finding a raw piece of meat would make them scared or worried. NOPE and they only gave me a refund for the soup. One of the ladies told her to "write nothing for the refund" pathetic.
The place is yummy, but there are other delicious places which aren't so chaotic.  The never ending line of people is well managed and moves along rather quickly.  If you are looking for delicious Chinese hand pulled noodles in the area, this is a good place. If you have the time to head to other parts of town, there are better places.
she said it was the best cucumber salad she ever had and i said it was ok and she had the lamb burger and i said yummy but dry. and after i was done with my offal lamb soup she took the rest and started eating and i said it is very oily and she kept at it and i got worried she'll get fat and i was being a creep and took it back and she knew i was eating cause i minded less to get fat myself than her getting fat and i knew she was ok with me being a creep and we both had a good time.
This is my favorite restaurant in midtown. The food is very authentic. That's the Xian food I looked for a long time and exactly the flavor i tasted in China. Must try everything especially the pork burger and noodles. Now I go there almost three days a week! Love it!
I've been wanting to try Xi'an Famous Foods for a while now and when the 34th St. location (right by my office) opened several weeks ago, I knew it was time. I went twice last week during my lunch break and ordered the same glorious dish on both occasions - Stewed Pork Hand-Ripped Noodles (N4). This is my new favorite Chinese food in the city!The N4 is a generous portion of noodles and plentiful, tender pulled pork, a little cabbage and diced celery in a thin, incredibly flavorful, oily "sauce" containing the pulled pork juices. I ordered it mild both times and it had quite the kick (perhaps a little spicier than most Asian restaurants' take on mild). IT'S SO GOOD.Along with delicious noodles, the women at the counter is very friendly, the food is cooked in the open kitchen in front of you and comes out fast, and the place is very clean. Go go go!
I come here often for lunch because I work nearby. I highly recommend the pork zha jiang hand-ripped noodles and the spicy & tingly hand-ripped noodles. You won't be disappointed at all. Full of flavor and one of the best meals under $10 you can spend in nyc. The chrysanthemum tea is also very good! Overall, if you are a foodie like me, stop by Xi'an, your stomach will thank you.
They offered yummy chinese food with reasonable price. My favorate is lamb dumplings, whenever I go there, I order it. Most of the foods they serve are spicy foods but I'm not so good at spicy food. I wish they have more 'not spicy' food for the people for me so my raring will be five stars ;)
Opening day and welcome to midtown east!  Lots of staff working hard and owners are tight there monitoring quality. Same food same prices. Spices still there but can truest non spicy,
Visited the place after the tour to Empire State Building. Amazing original Chinese food, with rare adjustment to suit the local taste, awesome tho. Freshly made pork stew burger has the most crunchy bread, and the chopped pork is just tender and juicy. Cold noodle, just perfect to heal the homesick. Definitely will visit again and recommend to everyone.
Great service, wonderful food! Service is always quick, even during the busy lunch hour. Noodles are delicious! Customers are able to decide on the level of spice, which I appreciate. Will be back!
Yummy!I was super hangry after work, and happened to walk by Xi'an on my way home. I've been craving soups non-stop thanks to this pesky cold/flu I'm recovering from, and the NS5 Mount Qi vegetable soup did just the trick. I thought it was really interesting that they are so serious about warning against take-out - who knew it could make such a difference to the hand-pulled noodles. I followed their directions and enjoyed my soup in the restaurant. The soup was incredibly unique and refreshing - nothing like any Chinese food I've had before. Can't wait to make this restaurant part of my routine!
What can I say about this place? I came in with my cousins, my aunt, and my cousin's roommate to this joint after they had been hyping a decent amount about it. Walking through the glass doors, I felt the efficient, quick-meal vibe with a touch of class in the decorations. Being able to see our food prepared behind the glass was also really nice!The cashier, a young man, was very efficient in taking our order. When we struggled to order our dishes in English, he immediately knew the Chinese name and helped us along the process. He was quick, efficient, and very professional.We ordered a bunch of dishes, including mi pi (normal spicy), liang pi (mildly spicy), spicy cucumber, zhajiangmian (not spicy), and had their sour plum juice which was a reprieve from the hot New York City sun. The mi pi was great. It had the best combination of bite and spiciness and saltiness to it that gave it a kick without overdoing it in spice. I enjoyed a few bites of it from my cousin's roommate's plate when she generously offered it, and I wish I had ordered that instead. It was the best combination of bite and spiciness I have had in a while for Sichuan noodle cuisine. The cucumbers were good, but not anything to get super excited about. It had a good spicy, sour, and salty taste to coat, but the cucumbers were cut into larger cubes, so the insides of the cucumber did not have much taste. The liang pi, which I ordered, was very good. The liang pi was the cold version and had more sesame flavor to it than the mi pi, and I'd always wanted to try what it tasted like after seeing it on the streets of Shanghai but not daring to try it from there. It was a solid choice, although mild spicy was not spicy enough for me, and I had to add extra oil (but they let you do that for free!). I personally don't like sour plum juice (suan mei tang) all that often, but that day, it was pretty good. All in all a great experience, would recommend to anyone who is craving some quick, fresh, and clean Sichuan-style noodles. Prices are decent as well, and they take credit cards unlike many Chinese establishments. Give it a try if you're in the NYC area!
First time visitor, the line was long but they really get you through quickly, maybe a 10 minute wait once order was placed.  Cashier very friendly, helpful in finding spicy but not "too" spicy dish.  A real treat for me to get the lamb dumpling soup because I have to do it on the sly as my teenage daughter would never forgive me...she is vegan.  But, I will bring her back for the vegetable dishes next time...just don't tell I had the lamb! Highly recommend the variety and if you need something hot and satisfying on a short lunch break.
I might be part of the minority here...but I was not completely satisfied with my meal. Not sure if i ordered the wrong thing or what but overall, I just thought the food was okay and pretty underwhelmed at the end of it. I got the N10: stewed oxtail hand-ripped noodles and the noodles were okay to eat, I can understand how other people might have difficulty with them. They are pretty doughy and can be hard to chew. The oxtail was disappointing. It wasn't very tender and there wasn't really much meat to it and the bone was pretty big, making it hard to eat and get all the meat off. The spice level was pretty good; I got the regular level of spice and it wasn't overwhelming. It definitely added more flavor to the dish. I might try this place again, perhaps at a different location or ordering something else. I wasn't completely wow-ed by it so I'm not really rushing to come back anytime soon.
Disregard the last message. The owner addressing the issue.
Small space - very limited seating. That being said, I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of vegetarian options (important to me when it comes to Asian restaurants).We tried the vegetable noodle dish, a soft tofu dish, and the savory and sweet spinach dumplings. We got everything EXTRA SPICY (you can choose the spice level -- awesome).The noodles were AMAZING! Amazing texture, long and thick noodles. Only con is that they literally are drenched in oil. The soft tofu dish was good, but not my cup of tea since I prefer fried tofu! The dumplings were amazing. Would definitely recommend.
There's something about their sauce for the concubine chicken. I had a craving and just had to satisfy myself. I could eat here everyday! Very cost effective, clean, and a taste that's not compromised, unlike some Chinese food spots especially fast ones. I particularly like this location because it's a bit more spacious than the other one I've visited. Lunch time can get really packed!
I've been meaning to try Xi'an Famous Foods for a while to see what all the fuss was about, and turns out the fusss was right!  Xi'an Famous Foods specializes in hand-pulled noodles, the most famous being the Lamb Cumin dish.  Their new location near Herald Square is larger, cleaner, and (until now) not that well known, which means, despite the long-looking line, the wait is relatively short.  From ordering to sitting down and eating our meal took about fifteen minutes at the most.  It gave me just enough time to decide what I wanted: Stewed Pork Hand-Ripped Noodles.My spice tolerance is quite low, but I still wanted a bit of heat given the low temperature, so I set the spiciness level at a mild.  What appeared in front of me was the most delicious plate of noodles and pork, ready to be devoured by a ravenous me.  The pulled pork was marinated in a bright scarlet chili oil sauce and dressed with garlic, marinated cabbage, and scallions.  The hand-ripped ho fun noodles were equally delicious.  I still can't believe that it was oly ~$7 for all that deliciousness!Tips: 1) Go upstairs, there is more seating there; 2) order the Spicy Cumin Lamb Hand-Ripped Noodles or Stewed Pork Hand-Ripped Noodles; 3) credit cards accepted; 4) customize your spice if your tolerance is low!This might be my new favorite place...I just wish it didn't take so long to walk there :(
I didn't have high hopes coming into this place, but let me tell you - I was very wrong. It was delicious.You'll be greeted by a large menu in the front that's interesting to say the least. The meals have titles like "concubine chicken" and almost everything says it's going to be spicy. Not being a person that likes spicy food, I ordered one of the few that weren't and got the stewed pork hand-ripped noodles.There's an area where you can peer in as chefs make your food right in front of you, pretty cool to see how they make the noodles. There's then a long bar-like area where you can sit down and eat, assuming you have a small group.The stewed pork noodles were delicious and tasted like an interesting take on chicken noodle soup (I know it was pork, but still it seriously did). The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the ambience is somewhat lacking (I wouldn't come here except for a quick meal) and the teas were much too sweet for my taste, even though I usually like sweet drinks.
This place is f'n good. My first truly exceptional food experience in the Midtown area. I had the "tingly" (WTF....) and spicy beef noodle soup to go, as I work in the area. Although the restaurant explicitly and notably states on their website that these noodles are of optimal quality when eaten immediately, I had no qualms whatsoever with them after taking them back to my office (blame my plebian palette, I guess). On the contrary, I am in love with these noodles! I would bring these noodles home to meet the parents, if only could hold out long enough not to eat them all! The broth was also great, spicy and a great cure for some stuffed up sinuses. The beef was of average quality, and the amount given was definitely on the smaller side, but those noodles and broth more than made up for it. I will definitely be back to try more exciting and delicious noodle options!
Some of the best Chinese food in the city, serving authentic dishes from Xian in central China. Try the spicy cumin lamb noodles or the spicy and sour lamb dumplings. Surprisingly inexpensive and very popular at lunchtime so be prepared to stand in line. So worth it, though!
Great food, value and ample seating. Unlike other locations there is a second floor with seating.
My wife brought me here as it was in our TO-EAT-LIST IN NY. Tried LIANG PI COLD-SKIN NOODLES, SPICY CUMIN LAMB BURGER, and MOUNT QI PORK HAND-RIPPED NOODLES IN SOUP. Just EXACTLY the same flavor as that in Xi'an.If you've ever been to the western China and had have a good experience with the food there, you would like it here. If you are about to go to western China and want to warm-up, you must come here.
Love this place! You definitely get a homemade feeling from this place even tho there are like 5 locations now. I always get the spicy and tingly beef noodles. The noodles are the best part of this dish. There are other options you can get like lamb or vegetables for the noodles too. There are other things here like the noodle soups. I know a lot of people also like the lamb burger so will try that next time!
I've had Xi'an Famous Foods many times before. I was very disappointed by the food at this location. While waiting, I noticed three of the items that I ordered sitting on a tray. The only thing missing was the pork bun burger. I was worried our noodles were going to get cold, so I asked if I could take my food and come back for the bun. I was informed the bun was going to be 5 more minutes. So we started eating without the bun and my boyfriend tried his chicken noodles and it was cold. We were on lunch break and didn't have time to wait for another. The worst part was the pork burger. The bun was dry and the pork inside wasn't juicy. It was his first time here and told me he would never come back. As for my food, I enjoyed the spicy cucumbers however my mt. q vegetable noodle soup was so bland. The soup had no flavor and the noodles, thick and hard were not the soft chewy noodles I remember. I had to add salt to give my food flavor. $30 for a non service restaurant is steep. I'm sad to say that the restaurant chain is growing and the quality is going down. The kitchen lacked communication and my food was delivered cold and flavorless.
Growing up in an Asian household with a mother who was determined to raise us with the culture and the food, she made her own versions of the liang pi and lamb burgers.The liang pi is great, but we've made it at home before = VERY time-consuming, so your best bet would be to have it at Xi'an if cramped quarters and 85 degree interiors don't scare you away first. Their lamb burgers were a bit dry and tasteless compared to their counterparts in China...but if you're in NYC? Then it's a solid choice.Lots of Asians come here so one would assume that's it's authentic. It is, but only because there isn't anything better in the area.
I love this place it is delicious and the staff is very welcoming. The only bad thing I can say is that they have a less than welcoming seating area.
This location is great!  Not as busy as 45th street (yet) and the Chinatown locations, which are the two locations I go to.  Seating is really comfortable, spacious, I love the 2nd floor seating area.  It's arranged in a way that's never too crowded.  Needless to say, the food is as delicious as ever.  Their Liang-pi is my most favorite noodle dish on the menu, although everything else I had tried was delicious as well.
My favorite lunch place in the area. I eat here 1-2 times a week.Great pricesGreat noodles (they're really long and hard to eat, but taste amazing)Efficient serviceWhat else could you want?Careful: the food is messy. You will drip on yourself if you're anything like me. I stuff a bunch of napkins over the front of my shirt before eating.
Where does one begin? There aren't the words to describe this level of noodle perfection.  It is our favorite place... Simply cannot be beat.The sour spinach dumplings and hot oil noodles are a must. Warning: be prepared to fall madly in love with this place and think about it all of the time. It's a commitment.
New locale! Same good food but less trafficked than the midtown spot around lunch. Has a 2nd floor for busy hours so way more space!
Had the spicy / tingly beef noodles. Noodles had a nice chewy texture, but it was not quite spicy enough for me (but I like my food pretty spicy). I'll definitely be back, and will be ordering the same dish much spicier. Old school hip-hop playlist was a plus!
Fresh, hand-made noodles in a bunch of interesting combinations?  What's not to love about that!  Use their website to see how busy it is before you go.  Also, if you order mild when they ask you how spicy you want it, they're mild is probably a little bit hotter than your mild.   There's a no-spicy option for those who don't do well with heat. I really can't tell much difference between the mild and medium spicy options.
I was really excited to see that a Xian opened up near my office. I'd never had it before but had heard good things and really wanted to try it. This place is less than a month old and the interior is spotless, with plenty of seating and really friendly staff that are more than willing to offer their suggestions. I went with the pork noodle and my food came out in under two minutes. In short, Xian raises the standard of flavor for cheap eats: it's rare to find such refined spicing in any plate under $10. However, I expected the dish to take more like a thai drunken noodle, and was surprised by the spicy savoriness of my pork noodle dish. Not that it was bad, it just wasn't what I was craving. I'll definitely give this place another try though!
Real Chinese food, yummy! great price! Good for take out.
Had the N9 spicy pork noodles and loved them. The hand-pulled noodles were perfect, soft and chewy- the perfect texture. Personally, I loved the flavor being it was not the type of Chinese food I usually have. My friends informed me that this was authentic Chinese food. I love trying new food that give my palette new experiences. That is exactly what this dish was. I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for noodles that pack lots of flavor. Will be bak to try more of the menu!
This is the newest location that opened by my job. I was excited to try the freshly made hand ripped noodles- which they make right in front of you! However the dish I had was overloaded with Cumin- it was the SPICY CUMIN LAMB HAND-RIPPED NOODLES.If you love Cumin- this is for you! I'm not a big fan! But none the less it has many other options I have yet to explore :)
Just visited this spot tonight for dinner, and it was insanely good! I had a pork/noodle/soup dish, and was pleased with flavor and quantity. I also had jasmine tea, which was quite refreshing. The service (ordering, paying and getting food) was very efficient. However, the seating area is very limited so it would probably be hard to find a spot during the lunch or dinner rush! We just got lucky on our visit.
Spicy Cumin Lamb Noodles! Do it. You won't regret it. In fact, it might just change your life. Seriously, the food here is just as good as everyone says. It's amazing. And it's filling - one plate fills me up for lunch. The lunch rush can be pretty crowded but they do a good job keeping the line moving. Love this place and love introducing people to it. Can't wait to go back.
Noodles where ok, fresh but inconstant thickness, for $10 5 small pc of beef is a rip off. Heavy  on the cumin spice.
Decent Chinese food, definitely something you barely find in other places. Love the vibe here, hippie, trendy, hot and spicy!
ZOMG SO GOOD! I can't believe I didn't try this place until my last dinner in New York! I got the cumin lamb with noodles and it was un-freaking-believable.
Can't go wrong with anything on their menu. Noodles are hand pulled and everything made to order. The spiciness adds up so I try to keep it at medium spicy. My go to items are the cumin lamb noodles and the cold skin noodles. I've tried a few other things on the menu and everything is just as tasty! I ate here twice during a short 3-day trip here. Sad that they don't have a location out in the Bay Area :( I dream about their noodles all the time.
Food is very good but the service provided by one of THE cashier is extremely bad. He was so rude and always have an attitude. He is a short dude wearing a supreme hat and a pair of glasses in a girly bitchy voice.
Food is just ok compare to a real Chinese food. The portion is small and pricy. The service was bad; the register was rude and unfriendly. Ask for a little bit more garlic for my lamb po mo. Nono. Ask for a cup of water. No. This place is just a miserly economist.
Been here a couple of times..this time around 7pm on a Sunday evening. It was packed and the line was long. My go-to is the spicy beef noodles. Noodles are thick and just the right amount of chewiness. Chili oil is delicious and not too spicy and the beef was tender. Also a solid choice for dinner.
Solid all around.  Fast foodish looking but flavors are pretty authentic.the cumin lamb burger was great. reminds me of eating this stuff growing up.Spicy beef noodles - chewy and delish.  This is NOT taiwanese noodle.  it's not better it's not worse, it's just a different style. Solid spot for a quick meal.
Best $10 I've spent in awhile. Perfectly spicy Concubines Chicken Hand-ripped Noodles.  So damn good that I am wearing some of the spicy sauce on the way out.  So, take caution as you eat these fabulous noodles.  Simple set-up and the food was prepared quickly.   Definitely coming back when I need some great noodles.
Ravi Patel don't play when it comes to knowing 'bout noodles.But this Xian location weak as fuk.The brand blew up and now basically suk this Jason Wong with his goddam stupid face on every wall kissing Bourdain's ass cheeks - we really need see this all the time Jason?WTF with the crappy serve coz I am eating this in Flushing Queens and it what made it famous but now just like fast food chain and lower quality and smaller portion of meat as well in soup bowl.Only place seem OK is end of St Marks Place @ 1st Ave, they still make tasty for you but Xian just trippin' on food network fame these dayz.
Cannot wait to come back to New York and get more. Got very crowded and had to fight for space and seat but it reminded me of Taiwan's Night Market. Food was delicious and out of this world. I haven't had spicy and numb beef noodle soup in such a long time and that just brought back so much delicious memories.
I was looking forward to this place because I had heard lot of good things but my experience after few hours was not that great, the staff are very friendly and helpful and you place your order immediately you enter the restaurant, I order the sour lamb dumplings a Classic boiled Chinese dumplings, stuffed with ground lamb and served with a sour and spicy sauce, topped with cilantro.The dumplings were ok, not the best I had but the food I ate give a reaction to my stomach and I was repeating it the whole night, I do not recommend eating the dumplings from this place.
Often times when one thinks of Chinese food, they think of Lo Mein and Kung Pao Chicken. Well, you won't find that here and if you're looking for that you've come to the wrong place!THIS IS CHINESE FOOD, ENJOY IT. The hand drawn noodles tasted so fresh, every bite made me want more. It's not super dough-y but creates a smooth and homemade texture that is almost indescribable. It reminds me of my grandma's homemade Korean sujebi. (SO GOOD.)We opted for NS2 and NS4, Pork and Beef. I'd say if you can't handle spicy, go for MILD. And I'm not talking about hot sauce spicy, the spicy is actually holy-crap-why-did-i-choose-this spicy. Choose mild and enjoy your meal.I also appreciated the crunchy celery bits and cilantro that really brought flavor and texture into my broth. (Seriously craving this as I write this...) Love, LOVE this place. A go-as-often-as-you-can on my list.
Three and a half*This is a fast food style Chinese food restaurant. The have self order system and assistants to take orders, so I got my food pretty fast.They serve xi'an food, but it's not authentic. Luckily, the food here does not taste bad. It's around average. I recommend spicy cumin lamp burger and pao mo. In addition, the cold drinks here are super nice, especially in the summer.
If a restaurant had a sweat shop Xi'an Famous Foods would be it. The way they work and create noodles is actually entertaining to watch. With a lot of expectation based on the overall reviews I ordered the beef stew spicy and boy it was pretty bland. I also ordered a side of tofu soup (spicy) just because I'm a tofu soup connoisseur and it was definitely NOT worth the $4 I paid for it. I didn't even end up eating a quarter of it.I gave them another shot the last day before heading back home and had the pork bun. It was better but no where near a 5 star rating in flavor.Noodles are good but thats about it.
Super delicious handmade noodles. We ordered the cold tofu skin noodles and the spicy lamb noodles as recommended by the Yelp! community. The cold noodles were fresh and had delicious crunchy veggies mixed it. They had a stronger vinegar taste and a little bit of spice. Very delicious imo. The lamb noodles had a stronger spice and tasted strongly of cumin. Everything was delicious.
Really solid place for a quick bite. The portions are immense for the price point. The food is also generally authentic, and if you're in the mood for northern Chinese cuisine, you can't go wrong here!
Food: the food was very good. Loved my noodles and my friend loved her soup. Service: not good. They mixed up the order and were very rude. There was no water. I was very disappointed in this place.
I'm super late to this party but I finally arrived.  Love everything I ate and it was so much food I got like three meals out of it.
I tried Xi'an Famous Foods a few weeks ago after hearing rave reviews about the product. I was...underwhelmed. To be fair, it was lunch time and I didn't have a crazy big appetite, but I wasn't really moved by my experiences here. I ordered the curry noodles with lamb. The flavor was 100% on point, but the noodles were think, and hard to chew. Again, this may simply be my personal preference. I love that everything was made fresh and the wait time wasn't as bad as I expected it to be. I would like to give Xi'an another try. Maybe check out some reviews to see what people recommend.
Xi'an is always a good choice. Everything is super tasty but my favorite so far has to be the Cumin Lamb Hand-pulled Noodles. I'm not sure if it's just me but this 34th location seemed to give a smaller portion than other spots. Although delicious, I felt like I didn't get the usual $8-10 worth of food on the dine-in plastic plate as opposed to the usual full take-out container or dine-in plates at other locations. I usually have some leftovers where here I was still kind of hungry after. It's always a good idea to eat these right away while fresh but maybe ordering "to-go" is a trick to get more food? Maybe because it's in midtown they ration the serving sizes? Maybe a new employee used the wrong serving utensil to measure mine? Who knows. Life goes on. Either way, the Xi'an food domain is awesome and I fully approve of their success. Try everything!
I like itVery different from what I've had before. Ordered the hand pulled noodles with cold skin?? (first option in the top left corner of the menu on the wall)Verdict: it's good. The noodles tasted fresh and it's cool that you can see them hand pulling the noodles right before your eyes. I opted for the cold noodles because it was way too hot for anything too spicy (which is also why I ordered mild instead of supa hot like some of my peers). Filling though wish there was more toppings. Would come back again
After work, I decided to take some food home. I am so glad that I can walk over to this place from work. The line was definitely shorter than during lunch. The cashier was extremely nice! She didn't mind if I was digging my bag and trying to find my wallet. (I felt bad.) I ordered lamb burger, spicy cumin lamb hand-ripped noodles, spicy and sour lamb dumplings and tiger vegetable salad. Everything tasted great, even with the trip to NJ. It was also my first time trying the lamb dumplings after watching Food Ranger's Xi'an trip on YouTube. I loved it! The sauce was spicy and sour. I had to take away one star because the staff who handed out the food was a little mean. She seemed unhappy that I asked for an bigger bag. She packed my food in a tiny bag and left no room for me to hold it.
I read about this place as a must go to when visiting New York. Out of all the 15 or so "must-go places" that I visited during my short stay, this certainly ranks in my Top 5. We got the lamb noodles. N1 or something? It was freaking delicious and a great way to start our New York trip. Noodles were chewy but in a very appetizing way. You just have to try it to see what I mean. I recommend getting the spicy level of hotness. Their spicy doesn't burn your tongue but certainly gives you some heat. (Disclaimer: I do enjoy spicy foods.) Get the hawberry tea. It's f****** delicious with the spicy lamb noodles. With its sweet, fruity and barely there sour flavors, it's the absolute perfect complement to the spicy lamb noodles.The jasmine tea is also good. But it's something to be enjoyed on its on in my opinion. It did not complement the noodles as the noodles just overwhelmed the tea. But it's a perfect drink to sip while running around New York on a hot summer day. Tip I learned: They close at 8:30 but it get's so crazy, they're open till 9. But takeout orders only!Wish I could've stayed longer to try some more of their dishes. Lamb burger, cold skin noodles, etc. Next time I'm in New York, I'll visit again for sure.
You'll likely notice a giant line when you walk into this place, but don't worry too much because it moves really fast. And though the place looks really small at first glance, there's actually plenty of room to sit, and a whole upper level of seating.I really recommend the lamb dumplings. I'm obsessed with them and get them every time I go. The filling is incredibly juicy, and though the wrapper is on the thick side, I think it goes well with the rest of the dumpling. I've also tried the cumin lamb burger (cumin taste was really strong!) - not my first pick but I enjoyed it. The hawthorne drink is on the sweet end of things, so I don't think I'd get it again.
The largest Xian I have been to yet. Located right before the hectic westside of 34th Street, this place definitely has the room to seat the potential crowd of tourists wanting to try this place. My sister and I came here early around 6 for dinner on a Tuesday so fortunately there was no dinner rush. The food is consistent with the other locations, just as delicious and belly fulfilling as the other locations. No real complaints here except that the service seemed just a tad slower in preparation of the food compared to other places.
It was recommended to me by a friend and has been visited by numerous chefs and tv personalities and there's usually a pretty long line for lunch. It's worth the hype. The food is fresh and prepared right before your eyes and the amount of food you get is satisfying and the flavored are so delicious spicy and savory. I got the hand pulled noodles with spicy cumin lamb, spicy cumin lamb burger, and the lamb dumplings. Most times at a restaurant there's either not enough spice or its so spicy that you can't taste anything and enjoy the food. The level of spice in all dishes was perfect it added to the flavor didn't take it away. Plus those hand pulled noodles were the perfect consistency just a little chewy but the perfect texture to go with the spicy savory flavor. The burger can get a bit messy but it's all worth it make sure you eat it in the rapper and those lamb dumplings are huge! They could be a meal on their own! Everything was great, portion size, flavor, and value. Would definitely recommend!
I love Xi'an Famous Foods and I admire everything about them, the owner who turned his father's hole in the wall into a gem and one of the top must eat places in NYC, quick service, cleanliness, design of the restaurants; and finally they put Xi'an cuisine on the map and exposing people of the world that there are more types of Chinese noodle variety out there besides chow mein. Applaud to the owner. My own office was so excited when this location open, we probably frequent twice a week and love eating their food since they opened few months back. WHY JUST ONE STAR WHEN I ONLY SPOKE SO HIGHLY OF XFF SO FAR? WELLL... THEIR QUALITY HAS BEEN INCONSISTENT THE PAST MONTH. Some days when you order the cold skin noodles, the noodles have been refrigerated too long and its hard and broken, some days the meat tastes funky, or the thick noodles consistency is not right, okay whateves to those things. We shrugged it off and am like "we still love you XFF, so you are forgiven". HOWEVER TODAY I SHALL NOT FORGIVE: my friend's lamb noodle soup is disgusting! We both took a sip and yep it tasted like laundry bleach. BLEACH. Unacceptable, this is not a inconsistent quality issue matter but a health violation. And I was grossed out by my lamb face cold salad. Pieces were not chopped and I literally got half a lamb tongue in here sliced vertically and resembles something I don't want to put in my mouth. Shame on you XFF! I would not be going there for a long while. So disappointed :(
I eat here about every 10 days. Love the chewy hand pulled noodle and the xian taste. Price is little high considering the rent in this area. Hope it has good price control in the future. Nevertheless, i love the addition of my dinner spot after work nearby.
I'm all-in with the handmade noodles and the attention to spicy meat...but I can't get over how oily the plates turn out to be. Not just in the way that your mind starts crying for health-conscious decisions but there's no way to eat these noodles without a ton of splashing. I can't stress this enough: you will get so many flecks of oil on you and it'll ruin your day.
Loved it and went back their twice when I was in NYC.  It was near our hotel.  The place is not great for large groups and it is hot.  However, the food makes up for it.  Great lamb burger and noodles.  Mediun spicy is pretty spicy
It is a good place for some good eats. My wife and I usually share the lamb noodles and the dumplings soup. Both are great at the "spicy" spice level which is what I believe they give if you don't request differently. Only thing is sometimes the soup can taste a bit different from time to time and might require some siracha!
I am always trying to find places to get quick food in Manhattan. Xi'an's is a great option when I'm not in the mood for a burger. A lot of the food is very spicy, so keep that in mind! The service is quick and restaurant is small, but it gets the job done. During mid-day there is always enough seating to find a place to sit. I love how low maintenance and simple it is.
Great authentic Chinese noodle soups! By the way spicy means really spicy not western spicy! Great deal in the middle of Manhattan!
I come here maybe once a week but today's lunch was truly disappointing.. I got the pork noodle soup and the meat taste like its gone bad, the noodle is mushy, I took a bite and had to throw everything away. The consistency of their food at this location is non-existence. I will not be going anymore...
Came here to grab a quick bite. Got both the pork and lamb burger. Both were reasonably priced. I do have to say that I overall enjoyed the pork burger wayyyy more than the lamb burger. In fact I didn't like the lamb at all, but that might just be me. The pork was super juicy, but also super oily so make sure to let the oil drop out of it haha. The bun alone could be seen as dry, but when paired with the meat filling, it was just perfect. I also got the chrysanthemum tea. I recommend they get bubble tea straws because when I tried to poke a hole in the container with the regular straw, the cup broke and I spilled half of my drink. Food service here is pretty fast.
We ate there because of their great reviews and they did not disappoint.  It's true their noodles are to die for!the only reason I didn't give them five stars was because of the atmosphere. Not much to speak of and seating us sparse. I highly recommend them if you want great food, at a reasonable price.
If we could give this place a zero we would. Staff has no concept of customer service. They made an error in the order, which understandably happens, but unwilling (and with attitude) to resolve their error and then asked for more money to fix the order. We then requested the order to be cancelled and asked for a refund, but they said they do not give refunds. Very difficult staff. Will not be going back.
My wife and I really enjoyed the food and WOULD LOVE IT IF YOU CAME TO LA. We had an issue with doing a survey (the APP's wacky location services is a barrier to data collection) and Andrew the cashier helped us out to get the free Tea drink for the survey.
Authentic Chinese pulled noodles! Not the best I have ever had, as they are a little tough, but they are filling and delicious. Oxtail soup with noodles was very good, but I agree with other reviewers that they tone down the spice a lot. I ordered mine normal and it was just a twinge of heat, which is okay for me. I actually don't think they're the cheapest eats- ten bucks was a bit much for my small plate. I'm so glad that real chinese food has finally gone mainstream!!!
I ordered the spicy tingly beef noodle soup. The Texture of the beef and noodles is good but flavor of the soup is lacking. There is no brothy rich beefy flavor I was expecting. The dish  was basically slathered in spicy oil that did not have much flavor or soupy taste that I was expecting; in other words, it looked better than it tasted. The soup was basically left untouched. Needs more work to get me to order the same dish again. I would be willing to try other dishes in hopes for more fuller, richer flavor
Somehow their burgers are less greasy than the UES location, and flavors are still good!
this place seems like uighur peasant food which is very nourishing while traversing the deserts of western china - but in midtown it fails to impress. gummy thick noodles, scraps of protein. the dumplings were too thick skinned and the spice was mediocre -j
My Spicy Cumin Lamb was burnt and inedible.  Spoke with manager and got a pouty apology and no recompense.
The noodles are so good, location is pretty clean.Just a warning: They have authentic spice levels here. I asked for Mild and phew was it hot! Left my lips a bit numb. Thank goodness I can take some level of spice (for a white lady) so it was OK, but much hotter than a typical american 'Mild'.
Tasty, cheap noodles served in large portions. Based on what you're getting for the price I want to give this a better review, but I have found that at least half of the times I've ordered from here it's given me a stomachache. The food tastes pretty good, but not as good as the hype would have led me to believe. I would assume the stomachaches come from the high oil content of the dishes, so if you have a sensitive stomach you may want to be wary.
The oxtail noodles in soup was fairly tasty. The noodles had nice texture and the oxtails were pretty flavorful. The broth however, lacked depth and didn't support the main ingredients very well.  It was a bit dilute. I will give this place another chance and order something else next time.
I really wanted to give Xi'an 3.5 stars but I'm giving it 4 because I took my order to go.  I thought the portion was perfect actually albeit I would have liked more beef in my spicy noodles.   My dish though twas VERY oily, like they literally poured the noodles right from wherever they tossed them.   The pictures I'm seeing online don't look that way nor did the food look that way if you ate there.   The dish was still enjoyable.  Surprisingly not crowded on a Friday at 1:30 pm.
I realize I stand alone with this review - but I am not a fan.They just opened next to my office and had a long line, so i thought I would try it... but even with taking the advice of eating there but I was completely underwhelmed. My N5 Mount Qi was a complete bowl of mush. The hand pulled noodle is congealed together and the rest is boiled cabbage and overcooked canned string beans. I think I just like my food a little more fresh tasting.The best thing about the place was watching them hand pull the noodles.
I love that this location never has a line! However, it does get pretty busy and I am confused at why they NEVER open the upstairs seating for customers. The food is always good and at a reasonable price. However, the first time I came to this location, I had bought a tea and as I was trying to stab the straw into the plastic sealed cup, the ENTIRE CUP cracked in the middle and splattered all over me, counter and the floor. The cashier just stood there and stared at me and I had to ask for napkins or a towel. As well as wiping down the counter, the floor and my clothes. When I asked why they didnt have those pointy sharper straws like they do at bubble tea shops to avoid this problem. His reply was..."they're too expensive." On the downside, they also did not offer me another tea for free. I had to pay for another one.
Good price for fast but unexciting noodle dish swimming in oil. Just not that tasty. I've ordered the vegetarian dishes. The spice is good. But no depth. And few veggies or chunks of tofu. Very friendly helpful staff. But very good price for a quick winter bowl of warmth
Unique flavors. I keep coming back. Favorites are tiger salad, spicy tofu, and "cold skin" noodles.
Too much noodle but not that much meat, I paid almost ~$9 for that meal.It is nice and clean there but my friend doesn't like that lady chef makes the noodle without a glove... and she also went to pick up something from the back...
This place was pretty good. I kept hearing about it from every food network and travel channel food show I watched and living in NYC I felt it was time. Price point is great. Serving size is good and matches the price point. I tried the lamb burger which was great. Nice and crispy yet soft flat bread/english muffin like bun. I ordered the oxtail noodles medium spicy (not in the soup). It came with two oxtails that were good but covered in untrimmed fat, but still for oxtails in NYC I expected as much for the price. My boy friend got a pork dish that was sweet and spicy he loved it. Thought it was more flavorful than our go to noodle spot (The Handpulled Noodle in Harlem). I agree. They cook the veggies they put in their handpulled noodles. And season and leave in a puddle of juice to make sure there is more than enough seasoning. It was delicious and very filling. Neither of us could finish our food. Maybe we didn't need to get lamb burgers as an appetizer! lol. All in all def will be returning, I see why they are on TV. My only critique is that they only have one type of noodle. A thicker handpulled noodle, where other places have different types of noodle so you can be more selective in the texture you want. But still for flat hand ripped noodles, they maintained shape and texture well. Didn't clump together immediately and took on the flavors well. Might be my new fav lunch spot.
The seating was very cramped and dirty. There were dried black spots on the metal counters where you eat and all I could think was 'I hope that's not mold.' I'll still give three stars because the food was decent, but I was a bit disappointed that the upstairs seating area was closed even though the restaurant was quite busy.
So let me start by saying we have been to the Xi'an in Chinatown and had a pretty good experience.We were so excited when they opened a Xi'an near work. Finally today we tired it and...so so disappointed.I ordered the noodle with the tingly beef. Went upstairs to eat and HORRIFIED, HAIR in my food. I  asked for manager, not working today. The person behind counter said what would you like us to do, i said i would like you to replace it I guess. They did. 2nd batch, could not even chew the beef.Went back and they all passed the plate to each other with the what do we do looks. They added more beef, NOT replaced, and gave back to me.My co worker needed a to go tub, they said they normally charge.HELLO YOU HAD HAIR IN MY FOOD!!!! Will definitely not go to same place not happy with quality or service.Disappointing to say the least.
Sooo glad they put one two blocks by me! Was hesitant at first because the other midtown location was not to par when compared to the Chinatown ones. But I'm very happy....had my usual lamb burger & a noodle dish.... Will be my go to place for noodles in my neighborhood. The big perk of this location...the place is clean and spacious.
The worst service I have never had. I waited 30 minutes and got nothing. First, they machine shut down, I waited 15 mins and they said NO CARD. I understand. I went to bank and used cash, but they forgot my order. If I don't ask, they gonna let me wait forever. Nobody has time and patience to bear these. I never write any comments. This is my first one!!!!!!
delicious handmade noodles. You cannot go wrong with the spicy cumin lamb.
First time was good. Second time was special. But by the third time, I was hooked. All the meats are fall apart goodness - so you can't really go wrong either way. The noodles are the real star though.  It has just the right amount of springiness and bite to it.  Time is definitely important though as it's best to eat at the shop even though there's poor seating. If you take out, the noodles become soggy and unenjoyable. There's no other way around it.
First time at a Xi'an, and it definitely was good. The noodles are firm and chewy. Had them with the beef and it was spicy but not overwhelmingly so. The beef itself was good, not great. Should've gotten the lamb.
JASON: please get the person who works the cash register, especially the young Asian guy on weekdays to ask customers how spicy they like their food. I always like mine extra spicy(and I clearly remember you asking every time you worked the st marks location). However with this guy it's a hit or miss unless I remember to specify how spicy I'd like it. Other than that always 5 stars. Just one off for this location for the hit and miss with the spiciness level.
I had the spicy lamb cumin noodles, and it was a wonderful experience! I was greeted by a friendly cashier who took my order and instructed me to go to the back of the restaurant, which is quite small. My order was ready in only a couple of minutes. The noodles were made to perfection, and the combination of spices in them was amazing. Level of spiciness was just as I expected, pungent and hot but not overwhelming. I would definitely recommend it if you like flavourful foods, with lots of spices. I had the dry noodles, but almost everyone there was having the soup, so definitely something to try next time.
I've been to three Xi'ans and this one is good. The one in east village just wasn't as fulfilling and mind blowing as the first one that I went to on 45th. This one is good. I got the hand ripped noodles in soup with lamb and my friend got the hand ripped noodles fried in oil, my usual favorite. But it was so fucking cold I needed some soup. Everything here is good and and it wasn't super crowded cause it's so new. I'm happy we didn't have to wait!!! Yay
My bet choice in NYC, great flavor with great price. Let the Chinese cook to mix your food then it's terrific! Must recommend cold skin, add extra mianjin!
Food is alright. What you expect like other location. Service is terrible. Didn't expect that!
Great flavors.  Not many west Asia restaurants out there.  The service was quick and prompt.  I had the B1 and B2 sandwiches very tasteful and full of dry spices and herbs.
Definitely a great atmosphere given that it's bigger than the other Xi'an locations in the city. Food is just as good as the other locations as well. I suggest the Spicy Lamb Cumin Noodles with a lamb burger if this is your first time.
Delicious! It's tight quarters for sure and a long line to order even during non peak hours.  Loved my lamb noodle soup. A bit on the spicy side. The sandwich was pretty good and the great tea was delicious. There are signs in the dining area that you can't hold seats until you have your food but it's almost necessary to do so if you want to sit and eat. Even with a long line, our food came out fast. Small seating area but worth the trip.
always hits the spot when I'm craving a "Mala" dish! the prices are very affordable, lines move quick, and the food is really good. best of all, they aren't cash only anymore yahoooo!! favorite dish - NS1 (Spicy and Tingly Beef Noodle Soup) highly recommended~
I usually go to the original Flushing location but was happy they opened up a location in midtown near my office. This location is probably the biggest location yet with two floors. It's also the cleanest looking location. Food wise it's just ok here. The food prep and portion size is very inconsistent. Some days my liang pi noodles are well prepared and well flavored while other days it can be bland. Some days they give you a nice portion while other days you get a half portion. Like WTF? They also skimp on the meats when you order noodles that contains a meat. They have a bunch of college kids here preparing your noodles. People it says it doesn't matter who prepares your food just as long as it's good. IMO it does matter. I'll stick to the Flushing location where the old Chinese ladies prepare my noodles consistently every time. Otherwise I won't be coming back often to this location unless I have a serious craving.
great place and great food. In my view, the best Chinese food in the city. Cons: overcrowded during pick ours and hard to find a place to seat.
Went there for lunch with co-workers, the lamb hand-ripped noodles in soup was very hot and tasty. You'll need a bib when eating the soup noodles. Spicy cucumber salad was decent. The spicy lamb burger was over-rated, bread was cold and dried. Stewed Ox-tail was just ok, small portion and it needs to be cooked a little longer.
A surprising gem. The noodle was authentic. The place was clean. The food was ready in less than 5 minutes. Definitely will come back.
food is amazingly hot spicy and.addicting.very arthentic xi an food tho abit greasy with the noodle soups. the lamb berger is very tasted
Awesome noodles, freshly made right in front of you...  Highly recommend the Spicy Lamb Noodles.  Staff is friendly and don't be discouraged by the line...it moves quickly.
Always happy to find any non-Cantonese or non-American style Chinese food. The cashier is so nice and patient. He has a label on his desk: sorry, I couldn't speak Chinese and a smiley face.
In a word: excellent!  I came here at about 8 PM today and it was a great experience.  It wasn't packed.  I hate squeezing into an uncomfortable, dirty seating area when there are a lot of people.  The guy cashier at the front was really nice and efficient with taking orders.  The lady behind the waiting area counter was also friendly.  My order was quickly served and tasted wonderful.  I had the N6, concubine chicken, and the jasmine tea.  They made my dish not spicy and without scallions exactly as I had requested.  Just as good as I remembered without the crowd.  I have been to the 45th and the Chinatown Bayard Street locations before.  I really didn't like sitting too close for comfort next to a stranger the other times.  This is my first time at this location and I would've walked right out had it been packed.  I think I would order for take-out next time, though.  The tiny seats are a bit uncomfortable and there is not much room to place your jacket and your bag.
This is the first place I ran to after returning to the city after a short hiatus.  Pork Jihang noodles extra spicy is my favorite dish.  The veggie dumplings are also on my list.  This place is top 5 In city
Hmmm vegan Chinese food ??? Heck yeassss !! They have many vegan options and they are beyond amazing. I got the Ns 5 and the cold noodle. The broth for Ns5 was flavorful, usually the vegan broth I had before were okay but this place is absolutely delicious. The noodle is pulled handmade, fresh. I don't like spicy so I ordered mild for my soup and at first I saw lots of chilly oil, I was freak out but it wasn't spicy at all. Self-service so there is nothing to say about it. Pretty clean.
Damn, that was good. It was 90+ degrees today and I ordered spicy beef noodle soup - that's how much I love this dish. And because I love beef noodle soup so much, I'm picky on the flavor. From the first bite, I was blown away by how good this takeout/fast food noodle soup was. It would be nice to have bok choy instead of lettuce.The chrysanthemum tea was also deeeelicious. I will be back for more!
Food is mediocre. We're in NYC so there's a lot of competition. When I asked the non Asian cashier about the menu she didn't seem to know anything. I asked if they had little cups for hot sauce and I was looked at like I had 5 heads. Also, when submitting this review I see Xian is trading 5 star reviews for coupons. Why wasn't I sent the memo? Maybe I wouldn't have to pay $9 for a mediocre lunch. Sooo many Chinese places in NYC. This one just doesn't have IT.Edit:// Yes, you've guys been surviving all this time because you engage in bribery for 5 star reviews. Food can't speak for itself. You gotta bribe them for it. Anyone can do that. Please let me know how I can get my meal discounted. Guys, if you're trying to eat at X'ian don't bother paying full price. Just ask them for some coupons to discount your meal in exchange for a FAKE 5 star review. Thanks!Edit://Not sure what Xi'an "being in business for 12 years" has to do with anything. JcPenny been in business for how long?? Shutting 138 stores down. The iconic Macy's??? Borders??? American Apparel??? Filene's Basement??? Wet Seal?? Bankrupt.
I was craving noodles with a good chew and my cousin recommended this place since it's quite popular where it has multiple locations in the city, but not so many that it's a vast chain.I was the N4, stewed pork noodles, and my friend got N1, spicy cumin lamb noodles.  You can choose the level of spiciness for your dish, which was nice since she can't handle super spicy dishes.  Both were delicious and flavorful, definitely has that dry heat from the peppers, my only issue was that it was a little greasy.The wait was quick, and while waiting for your food you can watch the staff hand pull and rip the noodles, a hypnotic experience.The seating area was clean, and there is also an upstairs that you can sit.I will definitely be returning, I've got my eye on the lamb burger and their dumplings!
Sooo.... Everytime I come here, I end up ordering extra food to go and bring it down to virginia. What does that mean? Is it because I am an addicted fanatic? Do I have a weird fetish for getting rare foods from afar? Or more likely, it's because the food is delicious and cheap, and it's hard to get this anywhere else.
This gem was right next to our hotel (Dumont) and the people who work here are super friendly and fun to talk to. Very good if you're going for something cheap, fast and good flavors. My only complaint was that they put the hot food on plastic plates and bowls and I am always concerned when plastic heats up and deforms.
Stopped in for a quick bite after hearing great things about this place. They got the food out quick and service was friendly.I got the spicy cumin lamb burger ($5). They're not joking when they say spicy, but that's just the way I like it. The lamb was bursting with flavor and I liked that they added a few onions and peppers for veggies. Keep it minimalistic and focus on the quality of the meat. Was a delicious meal!Next time I'll definitely be back to try to infamous spicy cumin lamb noodles though so stay tuned until the next review fellow yelpers!
Finally got to try Xi'an Famous Foods after hearing so much about it, and I am absolutely in love with this place! If I can make one suggestion, it is just to come hungry. This is the location that is closest to the Empire State Building, so this is what I'm basing my review on.I have to admit that most of the options on the menu have been things that I've never tried. I love spicy dishes, and based on the suggestions that we were given, we decided to order quite a few things. We tried the N1-Spicy Cumin Lamb Hand-Ripped Noodles and the N2- Spicy & Tingly Beef Hand-Ripped Noodles. We also ordered a Stewed Pork Burger to try. Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection. The spicy cumin lamb was definitely flavorful and the cumin was noticeable primarily to mask the gaminess of the lamb taste. The best part about the dishes are the hand ripped noodles. The texture of the noodles mixed in their sauces was so amazing. We also ordered the chrysanthemum and jasmine teas, which complemented our meal perfectly.Please take my advice and come here with an appetite because the portions are extremely generous! Will definitely come back again every time I'm in town!
One of my go to spots for lunch. I have almost had everything on the menu. If you like that spicy and numbing flavor then this spot is a must try. Some of my favorite noodles would be the ox tail noodles, zha jiang noodles, and the mt.qi noodles. I will say the buns are a bit pricy for how big they are.
Their lamb burger is something you can't go wrong with! Had their jasmine tea which was lightly sweeten and delicious. Their oxtail stew was alright just not for me. It was sour and heavy! Kinda funky taste going on there.
This is one of my favorite places to grab lunch since it's right next to my office building. X'ians offers amazing hand-pulled noodles which are very flavorful and delicious. If you like vinegary and spice, grab something to eat here. If noodles aren't your thing, try one of their burgers on the menu. TOO GOOD! There are a handful of X'ians locations within the city, but I prefer the 34th street location not only because of how easily accessible it is (for me), but it's cleaner, the workers are nice and friendly, and there is additional and spacey seating on the second floor which is nice.My only small gripe is that during popular hours there's not much room for you to queue up so the line goes out the door most of the times. But other than that I can wait in the rain or shine for a good bowl of noodles when I really crave it.
1) You order in the front, contrary to the line of people lining up in the back.  Poorly explicated because sometimes no cashier 2)  More egregiously, the staff are horribly unprofessional.  The guy manning the grill pan kept throwing raw meat that was left over and missing the trash can.  Over the course of like 5 minutes he got a ton of meat everywhere.  Not just on the floor; it was all over other pans, stuck to the side of carts, etc. He tried and missed like 5 times.  Maybe this happens in kitchens a lot and I'm not privy to this, but I know the Chinese restaurants I've worked in don't allow staff to do this for sanitation reasons.  I was clearly in a hurry, and they took their sweet time.  I ordered four "burgers", which appeared to be what they can fit in one load.  Funny enough, this seemed like a really easy ask.  No.  The server gave away one of the burgers to an order three numbers behind mine.  I get it; people make mistakes, and it's not like he could have gone and asked for the food back to give to me.  Fine.  But it's then a disgrace to try to gaslight the customer by saying "oh 45 is in front of 42".  You have 1 cash register.  I know how sequential numbers work.  It behooves the staff in a restaurant to apologize to the customer at this point.  Food is fine. The "burgers" are probably the best value.  I like XFF.  Go to another XFF.
I been to this place only once, but I definitely like the selection and the speed with which the food is made. Definitely a good lunch place if you are in the mood noodles.
Wow ! If you will be in NYC and looking for a healthy good food without breaking your wallet, this is where you should go! Better than food cArts! My BF found this in Zagat App, and being an Asian I know which food has better quality! How I wish theres one in Orlando. BF love the lamb sandwhich! I had the soup and dumplings!
This was on my list to try when I was visiting NY and I must say it was pretty good. The noodles was good the pork and lamb burger was excellent! I wish I can take them back to NC with me, but will definitely come back when I visit NY again.
The spinach dumplings are amazing because there is less guilt (calories) when compared to the lamb dumplings. Also, I always get the tofu because it is just so cheap and filling!
My friends and I came in right before closing on a cold week night in April. I got the Liang Pi for myself while my friends and I shared an order of the Cucumber Salad. There wasn't too much seating room but we were able to squeeze in at the counters. The food came out fast and the noodles had just the right amount of spice. The food was also more filling than it looked and we all left happy and stuffed full of good asian food.Definitely stopping by again on my next trip to NYC!
My favorite spot for quick spicy Asian noodle!  Usually I get the spicy cumin lamb noodle or the oxtail noodle soup.   If you like spicy food you should definitely try the food here!Oh and if you love tofu,  try their spicy tofu!!  Sooo spicy and yummy.  I also sometimes get the spicy cumin lamb bun when Im on the go.
The spinach soup dumplings were very good but I thought the soup itself was nothing special. Just alot of oil and not very tasty. I'll go back and try something different for sure as the place had a decent atmosphere for the fast lunch crowd!!
Lord, those noodles are delicious. I got the spicy cumin lamb noodles and the spicy and sour lamb dumplings, to go. The ordering system was pretty disorganized and they seemed to be struggling a little to make sure they got everyone's order right. It also took a bit longer than I expected so I had no time to eat and had to haul ass to my train.I am a monster. I ate those noodles on the Amtrak. NO REGRETS. They were so chewy, spicy, savory, and delicious. Be careful not to spatter yourself with chili oil.I was not as fond of the dumplings, but I think it's just a matter of personal taste. Too sour for me but presumably that's the way they are supposed to be (I mean, they are called spicy and sour dumplings). I've never had this dumpling elsewhere and would not consider it a fault of the restaurant.10 out of 10 would eat again. Maybe this time not on the train (seriously, everyone on the Amtrak 173, I'm so sorry).
Alright. So I came here because of the reviews. Maybe because I loved the handmade noodles and the reviews were blasting, therefore my expectation was very high. It's a nice clean simple place, where you can see them making your food. The cashier was friendly and knowledgable in explaining their menu.  I ordered the spicy beef soup noodles, the dry lamb noodles, spicy lamb dumplings, cucumber salad, and the tofu soup. I was shocked, because none of them was desirable for me. First of all, the handmade noodles were too thick. Yes, it's chewy and some people like it, but that's because they've never had better. You are supposed to experience the different texture in the noodle when its hand pulled.The taste of the beef broth was not bad, but there's just something missing. Like the sour cabbage.The taste of the lamb noodle gets dull and boring after a couple of bites.The cucumber salad is missing garlic.The spicy lamb dumplings tasted good with the sauce but the skin was just so thick, like the noodles, a blog of dough, not delicate at all. The tofu soup, I reckon it's supposedly to be "stinky tofu", a popular Taiwanese dish. Total total failure. Why give 3 stars when I would never have the craving for their food? Because of the smiles I got from the cashier. Want to see what handpull noodles is all about? Please head over to Very Fresh Noodles (yes, name isn't very creative) at Chelsea Market!! The Taiwanese Beef noodles is top notch!! Hard to beat. I couldn't even find one that comes close to it in Los Angeles!
Honestly, we probably went overboard when we ordered, but we loved every last bite of our food. We got the stewed pork burger, spicy cumin lamb burger, spicy cumin lamb hand ripped noodles, and the stewed oxtail hand ripped noodles in soup. For two people, this was definitely more than enough. Both of us are huge fans for oxtail so getting the soup noodles was a no-brainer. The noodles were wide, dense, strips of deliciousness. Freshly made to order right in store, the noodles were the stars of the dishes. Combined with the broth from the savory broth of the soup or the spicy tangy flavor from the cumin chili oil, they soak up all the flavor and left us wanting more. As for the burgers, we liked the stewed pork burger better, but that might have just been because we already had the spicy cumin lamb on the noodles. The buns are crispy and the meat flavorful, though we would have liked to see the burgers be a little juicier since they were on the dry side. Overall, we paid a little under $40 bucks (which was a little on the expensive side) but was well worth the price. Don't let the fact that its a chain restaurant deter you, come here for a solid Chinese food experience.
I really liked this place a lot, I'm not really used to the flavors though because I'm used to eating a different type of Asian food at home. There was a lot of oil in my dish aka A2 the Stir-Fried Liang Pi. Buttttttttt the food was still tasty and had a lot of flavor. The prices are reasonable for Manhattan and I give props to this place for making some good ass Jasmine Tea. Almost as good as they make it in Thailand. But I'll definitely be coming back to this place. Also the workers are chill, I like this place a lot
Guys, what happened. My noodles were way overseasoned and super salty. The noodles were not pulled to the right thickness, I found pieces as thick as stacks of paper. I feel like every time I come back to this location the quality goes down, yet the price goes up. Disappointing!
I can't stop thinking about the Spicy Cumin Lamb Hand-Ripped Noodles I had here. I called my mum to tell her about them. I met up with a friend to discuss it the next day. Let's be honest, my friends and family get annoyed with me easily.You order when you first walk in. Place your $8.75 down (I recommend getting a water bottle or two from the drinks fridge next to the cashier...you will want water when you eat these dishes) and then get in line to wait for your food to be made. The process is a 10-15 minute wait on a medium-busy day. Grab your food, go to the back or up the stairs and sit at a bar or communal table and TUCK IN. The noodles are soft and so flavorful, the lamb melts in your mouth, the sauce, omg. Just do it. Just go. Right now.
I've been to every Xi'an Famous Foods location in manhattan and Brooklyn and this is the ONLY location that always seems to lack in flavor. I came here today and got the NS1 and my soup literally tasted like WATER and My F2 wasn't even sweet... they clearly need some new people in the kitchen because these people are not doing something right... I order the same thing every time I come here and this place is just EW. GO TO A DIFFERENT LOCATION IF YOU WANT REAL AUTHENTIC FLAVOR!
One of the best dish I had in a restaurant. I had the pork with noodles.Super fast and freshPrice is ultra competitive (~10$)AC was way too strong
NYC has been my home for more than four years now, and throughout that time, Xi'an has remained my favorite place! I've been here so many times that it feels familiar, no matter what location I visit (honestly, it's embarassing how long it's taken me to write a review about it). It would probably be easier for me to say what I haven't tried at Xi'ans than what I have...but I can attest to the fact that from the spicy cucumber salad to the cumin lamb soup (my personal favorite!), the spinach dumplings to the cold skin noodles, there is something here for everyone! You can order most dishes to any spicyness level you wish (mild to extra), and every single dish is a hit. I've only ever ordered from spicy to extra spicy, but mild is very manageable if that's not your thing. Xi'an has never left me disappointed. They can get backed up with customers, but service is incredibly fast - don't be afraid of long lines, cause these guys are efficient! Also make sure to do the Tattle survey while you're there for a free tea with your next purchase of $5+ (trust me, you'll be back!)The Midtown East location is large and airy - there's a lot of space! Definitely possible to come with a group (other Xi'an locations, like the Rockefeller one, are divier, better for smaller groups).
At $4, the Lamb Burger is good, not great. It's probably about the size of a McDonald's hamburger. Be warned that one will probably not fill you up. The burger is very heavily spiced with cumin. The cumin and cayenne pepper almost completely dominate the flavor profile of the dish. This saddened me a bit because of my love of lamb's iconic funkiness. The bun is somewhere between bao and pita. Nothing special. Overall this is a good deal if you're in need of a cheap Manhattan lunch.
Greasy and Nasty- pretty much describes my interaction with this dump. All you can taste is cumin and loads of hot oil- zero flavor whatsoever. Lamb burger - bun was dry and lab was dripping with grease. Overall the burger was poorly flavored.The hand drawn lamb noodles- stale gooey and dripping with oil ; unidimensional hot oil flavorMany better options in the city- steer clear from this dump
Not sure whether it happens only at this one, but I was very thirsty after eating here. The noodles are really chewy and of good quality, and the lamb was very well-flavored. But it looks like there's a lot of MSG used in the food here. I got a chrysanthemum tea as well, and the tea was very weakly flavored. It wasn't overly sweet though, so at least there's that. For the amount of food given, it's very little, and there's a ton of oil on the dry plates. Not a super big fan anymore, although I still think the noodles themselves are probably one of the best I've had. They're super long though; they really should cut them so it's easier to eat.
As I'm writing this, I am sitting and eating the food. It is INCREDIBLE! My husband suggested this place, and we decided to come through. We ordered the spicy cumin lamb soup, and I got the oxtail noodles, and we shared a lamb burger.  had seen pictures before I came, but the food was sooooo much better than the pictures. Service was nice, food was prepared quickly, prices were so low for such high quality food, and the set up was very nice. Absolutely no complaints. Definitely coming back often!
For those that aren't familiar with Xi'an, it's a cuisine that you must appreciate both the sour + spiciness as well as the type of noodles (almost like hand pulled noodles). Recommend coming here for quick eats, but there's 3 dishes I highly recommend: Liang Pi Cold Noodles - cold vegetarian noodles. if you highly preferred your food hot, there's also the Stir Fry Liang Pi Noodles that just transform is from cold to hot. Either way, it's pretty much my favorite dish because the noodles are so well made and love the spice on it. Be aware - it is pretty spicy... Pork Burger - probably the most oily dish ever. but it's so good!!! It's pretty much chopped pork belly in a bun. The only thing is it's soooo oily it you can literally see a tablespoon of oil in the paper bag they wrap it in which always makes me feel guilty about eating afterwards. Spinach Dumplings - love the spice they give it but more importantly, the meat in these dumplings are so good and flavorful. It's also very meaty so it's quite filling.Other than the above dishes, Xi'An is also incredibly known for thier lamb noodle soup and lamb dumplings so try those as well!
Super efficient place! Definitely a tasty bite to eat for a reasonable price. The vibes of the place do remind me of China, (Beijing like 10 years ago), and that was part of the charm. Prices are okay, (not an amazing deal but affordable), and the place was busy and clearly popular. Not the best noodles I've had, but you can't help but love that they're made fresh. Fast food noodles! Would definitely return.
The food here has been consistent for years - delicious freshly hand pulled noodles cooked just right with their special sauce. It's also grown into a clean, modern establishment while keeping an authentic great taste.Go-to's: lamb burger, cold skin noodles, beef noodles or noodle soup.
I am so happy can eat the authentic Xian food in New York, great and yummy！Good enough taste & reasonable price！
Limited menu but everything is good. Reasonable prices and not huge portions. This is no fuss no muss type of place that always delivers the same quality. Very fast service.
Been here a couple times and aways a good place for lunch, but the noodles are thick today, which made it hard to chew..
Xi'an Famous Foods lives up to the hype and is definitely worth the line. The food here is cheap and delicious and fresh - you can actually see them make the noodles behind the counter. We tried the hand pulled noodles - huge portion, delicious fresh noodles, great flavor in the soup. We also had the spinach dumplings - 6 ginormous dumplings with a great, flavorful filling. We finished off with dessert, which was chilled rice cake with honey, and this brought me right back to home in China. I'll be coming back to Xi'an very soon!
Can't believe I just found out about this place! Such a great alternative to the per/lb delis that saturate this area.Really excited to mix up my lunch with something tasty and different. Service is fast and prices are good too.
I like the location better than the one on W 54. The lady (Cassandra?) who took our order is nice and friendly. The kitchen is not as fast as the one on W 54. But the food taste good as usual. I had lamb pao-mo soup. It did taste a little lamby in a good way. I enjoyed the garlic pickle as well though l had breath mints all afternoon.
This was my go-to place over the summer. Came here at least twice a week for a quick lunch during my internship. Great sharp flavors, noodles made to perfection. Would highly recommend!
Ordered Ns1-Spicy cumin lamb soup noodles to go. With tax, it costs $10.07.  Fyi, they do not accept American Express credit cards. Waited about 8 minutes for my order, right next to the assembly line of noodle workers.  One thing I did notice that the group of workers were a mix of young people.  I was expecting older Chinese workers. Most of the workers wore gloves.  Even the guy at the wok (stir fry) station.The only people that didn't wear was the woman making the hand pull noodles, and the guy next to her putting the soup noodles together.  The guy was gripping two soup containers in one hand, with his fingers halfway into the container. Ewww.  I seriously was hoping that he wasn't holding my order at that time.I got back to my office within the 15 minute recommended eating time.  They do warn you that the noodles wouldn't taste optimal after 15mins. Smell-It smelled amazing.  The cumin smell was very strong and fragrant.  I had coworkers ask me what I ate afterwards as the smell lingered in my office. Spiciness-It was ok.  The bright red oil just looks scary, but it wasn't too harsh.  I didn't think the spice level was actually too spicy.  Granted I did have to blow my nose a couple of times.  But I  was really expecting the overflow of tears in your eyes kind of spicy.Taste-There was cilantro and celery pieces in the bowl.  The cilantro really compliments the lamb and cumin.  The lamb didn't taste gamely at all.  The soup base was ok, kind of savory and a little bit sour.  A little bit too salty.  Not sure if there is msg in it or not, but I am still thirsty while writing this review. Texture-The noodles were very wide and a little bit too thick.  The was no size consistency to the noodles. I've had better hand pulled noodles. Overall, I think I would go back to try the dry noodles, but only if a friend asks.
Freshly made noodles? Yes please! This location is small, but have a lot of seating including upstairs. I can't wait to go back and order everything else on the menu.
My friend gave me a bunch of places to try out in New York and I said, "that's too many!  Pick just 2".  This was one of them that he loved so much so my hubby and I went.First off. We trekked to the one by MoMa only to find out it was closed for renovation!  So we stopped off at Halal Guys (see other review) for a snack to hold us over till we found the this one in mid-town.We orders the spicy lamb cumin noodle and the spinach leek dumpling soup.  I am not a lamb fan but I have to say it was pretty good since it didn't taste like lamb!  Haha.  The spinach leek dumpling was huge.  It was a different experience so I would go check it out just to try something different.  Xian food is not my expertise so i can't rate it that way.
I finally got to try Xi'an Famous Food and this was the only location that I have been to so far. The line was long during my 1st visit and I came on a Friday afternoon slightly after 1pm. I also came here yesterday evening and there were about two people ahead of me.I tried the N1-spicy cumin lamb hand ripped noodle and the A1- liang pi cold skin noodle. I got both in mild spicy. Overall, both dishes were good. I thought that the spicy cumin lamb had strong flavors and you could taste the cumin. I loved the chewy texture of the hand ripped noodles. The liang pi cold skin noodle dish would be perfect for a humid summer day. I also had the chrysanthemum tea drink too. It wasn't super sweet and it was a refreshing drink.I'm definitely coming back to try other noodle dishes here or at other locations. :)
Spicy spicy goodness that serves as an excellent lunch and/or dinner spot! Prior to last week, I've been ordering the Spicy Tingly Beef Noodles. Super flavors infused in this dish are amaaazingly good and the noodles are soo nice and fresh.I wanted to try something new on my lunch break the other day as it was pouring rain outside and I wanted to go for a soup this time around. I knew I had to try the Sour and Spicy Lamb Dumplings Soup. Just the name itself made me 10x as hungry waiting on line. The dumplings were humongous and the bowl comes with 6. These were very well prepared, and really filled me up over my lunch hour. The broth was so different and had the right balance of sour and spiciness as described. I am usually the one who leaves over most of the broth once I finish all other components in the bowl, but this time, I couldn't put it down. It was just that good! If you are ever in the area and haven't already tried this dish, I'd highly recommend it for your next visit.
I LOVE hand pulled noodles. Xi'an Famous Foods rolls out some pretty wide and chewy noodles that sit in really great sauces. I got the lamb cumin noodle soup and the portion was perfect for me. It seems that one bowl is one noodle! #legitMy friends bought their burgers. The bread is seared on either side so it's soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. The lamb burger flavor is very similar to the lamb cumin noodle soup, so I wouldn't get both at the same time. The store is very narrow and long. I believe there's upstairs seating and tables. We sat on stools at the small ass counters that seemed like they measured it just wide enough to put your tray down. You order and pay first, wait for your food to be handed to you on a tray, and then sit down: efficient cafeteria style. You can watch them pull noodles and grab the fat pieces of pork from large pots from the counter. It's a great view.My only complaints are the narrow ass counters and the price of the burgers. $5 for a small burger seems like a lot when it could be considered a side dish for some.Would I come again? Hell yes.Would I try other menu items? Hell yes.Would I order this as takeout? Yes times a million.
This location has a credit card check out computer as well as regular cashier which made paying really quick and easy. I went on a Monday night and there was plenty of seating. I ordered the Oxtail Noodles. Man, oh man, the oxtail was perfectly seasoned and braised. The noodles were soft and fresh. I only wish there was more of the oxtails. I will be back to try more noodles!
SO GOOD. Hand pulled noodles and the perfect amount of spice... My friend and I came in and we ordered the stewed pork burger, spicy and tingly beef hand-ripped noodles, spicy and sour spinach dumplings, and the chang-an spicy soft tofu. You order and pay at the counter, and grab a seat anywhere. This location has two floors so there is more seating available.Everything smelled amazing when it came out, and it tasted just as delicious too! The noodles were of the perfect texture- thick at some parts, with a non uniform consistency that was the best. The spicy level is really good, and I like how it isn't too oily! The spinach dumplings tasted sour and a little spicy as advertised, and I really like the contrast of flavors!The pork burger was great and the tofu solid, but I would stick with the noodles- they definitely know what they're doing! Quick efficient service- the cashier knows what he's talking about, and the food came out quickly. I can't wait to return!
The food here is spicy, delicious and authentic! They play great music as well. During lunch time it can get pretty crowded but otherwise it gets an A+ in my book.
It's pretty wonderful that hand-pulled noodles exist in this world.  It's even more amazing that XAFF opened a location in this tourist laden location.  Trying to find a good lunch option in midtown is tricky with all the places catering to the tourist crowd.  You're likely going to end up getting dried out chicken or cardboard pizza.  With XAFF, you're pretty much guaranteed a tasty, cheap meal.This location always looks super busy between 12:30 and 2:00 but the line moves quickly and I've never had difficulty finding a place to sit.  During the busy hours, they have an upstairs seating area that's nicer than the one downstairs.I always end up ordering one of the handpulled noodle dishes - either a pork or beef one with regular spiciness.  They warn you about extra spicy but it's not that bad, really.  Sometimes I'll go nuts and also get a lamb or pork burger or a side of the cucumbers.  You basically can't go wrong with anything on the very short menu.Here's a trick for the noodles.  It's a loop.  If you have OCD like me and have to eat food from the end, you'll have to cut the noodles yourself.  I once spent 10 minutes following a noodle around and around on my plate.  Now all your problems are solved.  At least for lunch.
I cannot say how much I regret not going here more when I was in NY. During the summer, the cold noodles were so flavorful and fresh! The lamb noodles were also delicious! The lamb burger was a little over-seasoned for me and I wish the bun was a bit more toasted on the outside, but still a solid choice. I don't think the seating options are great, but hey, it's NY and there's not much space in the city so it's understandable. One big turn-off for me though was that it wasn't clean, but hey the eats are under $10 so I'll go back for sure when I'm back in the city. I would give it 4.5 stars for food alone, but taking everything else into consideration I'm only knocking of 0.5 because I still can't forget the goodness of those noodles.
Not bad, but not great either. They only have two items on the menu that are vegan but the reason for the three stars is the cleanliness of the restaurant and the mediocre noodles. I think the neighborhood noodle shop ruined it for me.Other than that, it's not a bad place to stop and grab a quick bite. If you can manage to get through the line and the long wait for noodles.
I've come to xians so many times and it never gets old. When my parents came to visit from California, I took them here. The next day, they begged to come back. And they're Chinese - that's how good and authentic this place is, despite being a chain!Must gets: Pork bun - the meat is super flavorful and moist, while the bun itself is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I always get this to share so I still have room for other stuff here. Spicy lamb or beef noodles - signature dishes here. There is something in the sauce that makes them so addicting! Maybe it's the cumin? Anyway, the noodles are flat, thick, and chewy. I love how they also give you a generous amount of meat.Other dishes I've tried:Spicy lamb dumplings - pretty decent, though I've had better dumplings for cheaper in Chinatown. Love the thick skin on these. Filling is a bit mushy and sweet for my taste.Liang pi - like a cold and less chewy version of the noodles here. I prefer the noodles but this is also good for switching things up.My dad says that the lamb offal soup was really good. Eating organs isn't totally my thing, but if you're into that then xians has that for you. Oh and word of caution: I'm a big spicy food eater, but the extra spicy here is even too much for me. It's incredibly numbing to the mouth, and whenever I've chosen extra spicy my queasy stomach makes me pay for it.
I think we ordered half the menu to try out as many things as possible. The service was quick and we got our food in around 5 minutes. We ordered the cumin lamb noodle soup, the lamb dumplings, the veggie dumplings, the liang pi (cold mung bean noodles), the tiger salad, the lamb burger and the cucumbers.I think our favorites were the liang pi, it was just so flavorful. I also enjoyed the cucumbers. The dumplings were all huge and there were 6 per order. We only tried one of each. They tasted hand made and there were a lot of filling. I think I preferred the veggie one more than the lamb. The noodle soup wasn't quite as hot and numbing as I expected, even though we asked for medium hot. The noodles were very el dente, when I enjoyed. The tiger salad was probably the most disappointing of the bunch. I was expected wild veggies, but it was basically just cilantro and it was over dressed and too salty.All in all, I enjoyed my experience, although I didn't think it lived up to the hype. I expected more robust flavors, but maybe I was just tired from work travel and my taste buds were off. I'll give it another try when I visit NY again.
Decent taste and friendly staff. Love the cold skin noodle! They give out free poncho on rainy days~
This place is great! I don't often visit chain restaurants, but this one was definitely worth it. The food is fresh, the place is clean and modern, and the the smell when you get in is just heavenly. I was visiting New York to meet some friends and while exploring the city, got to check out this joint. I got the spinach dumplings and vegetable noodles. While the spice level can be lacking for those seeking real heat, the flavor more than makes up for it. The portions are fairly generous, but I would suggest sampling a few items or buying in a group and passing it around. Places like this complete the New York experience and you should definitely give it a try if you're around. They have enough locations to make it convenient if you're on the east side, midtown, or west side.
Highly recommend: Chang-An Spicy Tofu (House-made soft tofu drizzled with soy sauce, vinegar, chili oil, and fresh cilantro.)激推：長安豆花（酸酸辣辣鹹豆花，入口即化軟嫩嫩）
Casual and fast service. Seating upstairs. Or you can sit downstairs at the "bar" area and watch the guys make the noodles! Cumin lamb soup, even during the summer, was worth the sweat. Lamb dumplings and spinach dumplings in hot and sour sauce was heavenly. I know, you're thinking "hot and sour"? Don't be like me and think about hot and sour soup or have doubts. Think Chinese vinegar "sour" where it's not overpowering but just right to balance out the spice. Or don't think at all and order the dumplings and enjoy the glorious flavors.
Second time coming to this location. Like all other locations of Xians, the noodles are fresh and all other dishes seem consistent.After placing an order at Kyochon right around the corner, I came here to place another order for their food. We were really craving both korean fried chicken and Xians noodles. I ordered the spicy cumin lamb noodles, beef noodles, lamb burger, and chrysthamin and jasmin teas to go. It was my first time ordering non cold noodles to go, but we really wanted our favorite dishes.We already knew the lamb burger will keep well since we usually keep the hunger the fridge and have it on the next day.The hot noodles kept really well after 2.5 hours later. They were still lukewarm and I didn't have to reheat it. I couldn't finish my beef noodle so stuck the leftover half in the fridge and took it to lunch the next day. It was still good after I had microwaved it for about 2 minutes.This location is clean and the service is fast. I would happily come back to this location again.
Wow, did this place bring me right back to my time studying in Beijing! We went the other night to check this place out after seeing a few different YouTubers reviewing it. We got the cumin lamb burger, liang pi, oxtail noodles and the spicy and tingly beef noodle soup. The lamb burger tasted exactly like the 羊肉串 they served on the streets of Beijing! Soooo good. And I was also happy with the beef noodle soup which reminded me of the 牛肉面 I had in China, specifically the broth and the beef. The hand-pulled noodles were something I had never eaten before, but I loved them. I was afraid that since they were so thick they might get boring fast, but my problem wasn't that I was sick of eating them, but that my stomach became too full to eat another bite! The oxtail was also out of this world! And liang pi, I thought I wasn't going to like it but even that was delicious! The location we went to was great as well. Close to Penn Station which is great since we commute to the city from NJ for all of our food experiences. The staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean. We sat in the upstairs seating area and had no trouble finding a spot around 6pm on a Friday night. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other dishes offered here.
Xi'an Famous Foods is an essential food group to me.  Any time I need something to eat quickly but is super satisfying, I come and get some fresh, hand-pulled noodles.  Sometimes, it's not so quick but it is worth it.  They make everything fresh when you order.  Don't chicken out, get the spicy, if you can usually handle spice, that kick from the chili oil will tickle your mouth.  You can't go wrong with any of the noodle dishes here but my all time favorite are the spicy and sour lamb dumplings!  I find the bun to be too dry.
I LOVED going here for lunch when I use to work in Bryant Park. If you do come here for lunch and you have limited time I would say go at 11:30! My favorites are the jasmine tea, the tingly beef and noodles, and the salad (LOTS OF CILANTRO GOODNESS)! Its cheap, pretty fast if you beat the crowd, and SOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOD.
This is my first time coming here. I heard great things about this place. My friend decided to bring me here during lunch hr. We arrived at 12pm and already filled with hungry customers. Since it is located in modtown, the prices are a couple of dollars more than other locations. There is an open kitchen where you can see how the hand made noodles are cooked. There is plenty of seating upstairs and very clean. It's a bit odd that they serve the food in paper plates but as long as the food is up to par it's fine. I ordered the cold skin noodles while my friend ordered the beef noodles. I would definitely come back to try other items on the menu such as their dumplings.
Xi'an Famous Foods is seriously legit. Talk about a flavor explosion!I was feeling under the weather, so spicy soup noodles sounded like the best medicine. I needed something with flavor! We rolled in, ordered at the counter, and struggled to find a place to sit. Eventually, we snagged three seats along the back wall, and dove into the cold-skin noodles, stewed pork burger, pork hand-ripped noodles, spicy beef noodle soup, and spicy cucumber salad. The cold-skin noodles were incredibly light and flavorful, and the tingly & spicy beef noodle soup lived up to it's name. It was painfully spicy, but it cleared my sinuses right up! The stewed pork burger missed the mark, since it was on the dry side, but everything else was bomb.com.
We enjoyed the experience very much. Friendly staff and they worked fast to get the food out to all the hungry folks waiting. We had the spicy tingly beef hand pulled noodles and the pork tingly hand pulled noodles. Both were great. Lots of flavor and spicy as advertised. Loved it!  We will try it again next time around.
Xi'an Famous FoodsNY Manhattan Midtown East6:30pm Thursday 12th November 2015Four StarsThis is the third location that I have been to and it's the biggest and most clean looking one. You can see the assembly line work. I ordered a Ns2: Spicy and Tingly Beef in Soup and a B1: Lamb Burger. My friend Grant ordered the L3. He started eating it and was sort of weirded out by the lamb. I tried it and wasn't really sure what part of the sheep it was. So we looked at the receipt and it turns out that he ordered the Lamb Face Salad. In short, if you are Asian and bring a Caucasian friend to any quasi exotic dining establishment then order for him or check to see what he/she orders.
tried the spicy cumin lamb hand-ripped noodles & spicy & sour lamb dumplingsdon't come here if you don't like oily foods. the food was good & spicy but it was def too oily for my tastes
Minus one star for lack of direction to new customers. We came in and saw a line forming in the back so we followed suit. They just looked at us and didn't say anything. Then after customers flowed in and ordered, we realized that we were supposed to order and then wait for our food and a seat. Don't come here in groups or for comfortable seating. Come here for a quick pick up or a bite on the the go. We ordered  four different noodle dishes and enjoyed them all. I loved the texture of  the freshly made al dente noodles. My favorite item was their spicy Lamb burger. I liked it so much I ordered two more to go for a late night snack. Best late night snack ever.
Authentic Xi'an noodles are the best. I simply love this place!
Had spicy cumin lamb noodles and spicy and tingly beef noodle soup. Were so salty. My tongue got numbed right away. Very oily.  My boyfriend liked it tho. My dad had ox tail noodle soup. He liked it except there were a blue rubber band in his bowl.
The food is ok. I ordered the hand pulled noodle with minced meat. A little too greasy. Also, for dine in, I would expect the food to be hotter from the frying pan. And it's quite pricey. $11 for a small plate of noodle and some vegetables. But it's midtown Manhattan. So that's to be expected. Good thing is that there are some 15-20 seats in the back of the place for sit down eating.
The Hipster Chinese food as one may call it. I had the other location bookmarked to try for the longest time, but finally crossed paths with this one! Disclaimer: My knowledge and standards for Chinese food are not up to par with others.Just peeping over from the door during the lunch rush, I was overwhelmed by the line, but I am glad I decided to stay! Despite the long line, I managed to grab a table for 3 and get our food in a reasonable amount of time!We ordered:-[A1] Liang Pi Cold Skin Noodles (Spicy) $5.50: VERY REFRESHING on hot days. I have no better cold noodles before. And I don't usually eat dishes without meat, but man, this was soo good during a hot afternoon. The cucumber is the key for the cool texture and refreshingness. I would order it over and over again. -[A4] Mi Pi Cold Rice Noodles (Spicy) $5.50: this one was good, but nothing memorable. After every slurp of Liang Pi, I always forgot about how this one tasted like.-[B2] Spicy Cumin Lamb Burger $4: I don't know if I had too high of an expectation for this one, but this one did not wow me. However, it is delicious and totally worth the 4 bucks! GET IT. Lots of meat. Solongo approves. I wish it had a lettuce leaf or slices of fresh cucumber to balance it out a little though.-[N1] Spicy Cumin Lamb Noodles $8.75: N1 and B2 tastes exactly the same. Holy oil, but I am not going to complain because I stuffed my face with this like no other! Not that spicy though. Also be careful of the oil getting on your clothes!Overall, this place is a solid spot for lunch. The food is amazing at its price. It got plenty of seatings upstairs. So you should definitely give it a try or make it one of your lunch spots!I will be back to try more dishes.
The girl who took my order was really nice. When I asked if the apple drink was overly sweet after she had told me the other canned tea was very sweet and I had already paid, she said I could just grab one of the teas if I wanted since it cost the same and wasn't as sugary. I ended up getting the chrysanthemum tea, which is labeled "decaf" but there's no caffeine in chrysanthemum...and it was perfect!The spinach dumplings are really, really good. I also had the vegetarian noodles, which were okay, nothing earth-shattering. I'm a wuss who can't handle spicy food so I got everything very un-spicy, which isn't the point of this place, I know...but I had to try it on my terms after having gotten so many recommendations. It did not disappoint, and if I'm ever in the area again, craving Chinese, I'll know where to go!
I'm so glad that Xi'an Famous Foods is around the corner from my university. I've been twice so far. First, the spicy tingly beef, which was my favorite with beautifully tender beef and a delicious sauce--I would have licked my plate if it wasn't considered bad manners! On the second trip I had the spicy cumin lamb soup, which was also VERY good.I look forward to coming here again and sampling more of their menu!
I stumbled across xian when I lived in the east village (they have a location there) and when I moved to the midtown area, I started coming to this xian and have been to this location at least once a month for the last year. Its amazing and unique food that you can't really find anywhere else. The place is small tucked in the middle of 34th st. The line may be long, but it's not so bad because you get to watch them actually hand pull all the noodles which is awesome. What i usually get:Spicy cumin lamb noodles: deliciously spiced, and very spicy, noodles. They have a ton of flavor. Must trySpicy tingly beef- very spicy and a little less flavor than the cumin (for those that dont want a huge amount of flavor) - very very goodLamb or pork bun- not a fan. The meat is dry and doesnt have much flavor. It needs a sauce (i usually end up eating it with my noodles). Spicy and sour pork dumplings in soup- soo good. The soup has this interesting zesty flavor which is awesome. The dumplings are huge and kinda hard to eat, but delicious nevertheless. Definitely worth trying this if you are in the area!! I used to recommend this to everyone because it was the best deal- great price for great food. Nowadays, the price is no longer low, but the taste is still great!
:( dropped my already paid for drink from maybe 1 foot and it broke and cashier says I can't have another. This is a chain, yet they are so stingy! ******Response to Jason: Thanks for the response. While you say that this policy is for your employees, that's hard to believe because: (a) It doesn't discourage people from accidentally dropping their drink, since after all, it's an accident and, (b) Your employees are put in an awful position where they have to be the bearer of bad news in order to enforce your policy. The only winner is you. Best of luck on your xiao qi business strategy, it's obviously working for you so far. I'm only here, like many others, to voice my opinion, and I'm just glad you've heard it.
always my fave go to place for a quick lunch/dinner or take out! can never get sick of this place. this is probably my fave location thus far. it's also fairly new i believe. my go tos are A1 (lian pi)B2 (lamb burger)N3 (dried pork pulled noodles)Ns2 (spicy beef soup noodles) Ns3 (spicy pork soup noodles)
Amazing food for pretty amazing prices. This location is a lot bigger than the other ones - it even has upstairs seating. Food is good as always and the wait is never too long. But be mindful not everyone speaks Chinese there- seen a few tourist speaking Chinese but reverting back to English. I tried something new today - pork Zha Jiang noodles. Damn amazing sauces and pork! As always I visit when I want some good close to authentic northern Asian food. Their tea drinks are really good too because it's not too sweet. Total came out to be $10.
So this is the 3rd location I've been to. All of em seem pretty consistent. My two fav things are the lamb burger and the cucumber salad. The pork burger is definitely not as good and I find it usually to be a little dry as well. They also have apple sidra here which I'm a big fan of (Taiwanese soda!) Noodle soups are decent, especially on a rainy day. Just be careful, real easy to get an oil splatter on your clothes.
Went here for lunch today around 1pm. Short line to order food through the register, and 5 mins wait to pick up. Yeah~. The kitchen looks clean and is run efficiently. Very casual dining spot. Almost like a cafeteria with plenty seating on the two floors. No window, just beautiful graffiti on the 3 walls. Got Spicy Cumin Lamb Hand-Pulled Noodle Soup. Great stuff. Light hint of lamb meat. Spicy but bearable. Tried hard not to choke on it though. Nothing is worse than choking on chilli sauce. My Indian friend got the Vegetable Hand Pulled Noodle (stirred fried), and it was a little too spicy for her. When your mouth is on fire, stay away from water! Milk and plain white rice will do the trick to calm the chili's heat.
I had taken the train to New York for a doctor's appointment.  I decided I wanted some dumplings for lunch and did a Yelp search. This place was on the way do I decided to give it a try. You enter the restaurant and the cash register is right there. You place your order and you get a number to wait for your order. You will be asked if it's take out or eating in.  When your number is called there is a small counter with stools and then some tables near the rear of the restaurant. There is also an upstairs eating area but I did not venture up there. That will have to wait for another time. I ordered a cumin spicy lamb burger. I also ordered the spicy and sour spinach dumplings which can be ordered in a sauce like I did it in soup. The lamb burger was not really a burger but a pile of cut up meat. It came on a round bun. I would have preferred a softer bun and it needed a little salt. There were six very large dumplings. The dumpling itself and the filling were made with spinach. It was difficult to handle with chop sticks because if the size. There is also s danger of dropping the dumpling and splashing sauce on yourself. I managed to stay sauce free on my shirt. By the time that I finished my meal the line waiting  for food was almost out the door.  The lamb burger was about $4.50 and the dumplings about $7.00. There are several locations in midtown and two locations downtown.   I will definitely give this place another try.
Good was not to my taste. Seemed too artificial flavoring and after an hour or to I got food poisoning and felt terribly bad for almost two days.  I would choose elsewhere to spend 16$ for lunch and soda.
If you love spicy foods and noodles, this place is for you!  The hubs and I enjoy both of those things very, very much.  We frequented this location often as it was conveniently located nearby our hotel.  Relatively affordable food with a lot of options.  The hand pulled noodles are so chewy and fresh!  The spicy and sour lamb dumplings have amazing flavor.  The soup is slightly sour and isn't as spicy as their other noodle dishes.  Very generous portions of meat in the dumpling filling.  It would be better if the dumpling skin was thinner.  I'm sad they don't have any locations in socal!
Unexpectedly good-I got the cold rice noodles, which were super light and refreshing, and spinach dumplings, which were heavier, so unfortunately I couldn't finish them. The dumplings were sweet and sour like the name claims, and honestly I could have done without them, but it's cool that there's a vegetable dumpling option. I also tried my friend's "spicy & tingly" hand-ripped noodles, and I loved how different the flavor was from my rice noodles. This was the authentic/home-cooked Chinese food I've been searching for my whole life. If you're looking for good, genuine food in NYC, you have to go to Xi'An Famous Foods. It won't break your wallet either.
I've spent 8 years in China (where I've tasted great food in fine restaurants and street stalls in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Nanjing, Chengdu, Qingdao, and yes, Xi'an), and I've spent 10 years in New York (which includes having countless meals with my parents and friends in Chinatown and Flushing). There was a "biang" noodle place right next door to my apartment in Beijing, right outside the west gate of Renmin University, so I'm also familiar with Xi'an cuisine. I can honestly say that XFF is CONSISTENTLY a disappointment.The only positive thing about this chain is their English translations are slightly better. They have a more yuppie / white clientele (which is neither a good nor bad thing), but when has that ever been an indicator of the authenticity and quality of Chinese cuisine?Their food is greasy, but not in a good way. Sometimes, I wonder if they use "gutter oil" (just look it up, or don't--it's not a pleasant thing), because their grease reminds me of the grease used by street stalls in Beijing. I know it's impossible (i.e. illegal) to produce "gutter oil" in the U.S., so what exactly are they doing to mess up the taste of their food?I'm not a picky eater. Sure, I'll splurge with friends at places like Ai Fiori, Aldea, Marea, Aquavit, etc. But I'll just as happily live off of Shin ramen, Chinese take-out (I'm actually eating Chinese take-out right now as I type this review), and Domino's. I've been to Da Dong when I lived in Beijing, but I also regularly get the "chuanr" on the streets and wash it down with Red Star erguotou. I have a fine palate but also an iron stomach.But every time I get XFF--and it's usually once every few months, at the insistence of one of my coworkers or friends who wants it--I ALWAYS regret it. The feeling in my stomach, on my tongue, in my colon, on my tongue, after eating Xi'an Famous "Foods" is just awful. JUST AWFUL. If I wanted to feel this way, I could've just had a bunch of Taco Bell then chugged some milk (I'm lactose sensitive). I would've saved myself $3, and avoided waiting in line while listening the horrible XFF store's soundtrack.XFF uses sub-par ingredients and/or there's something seriously defective with the way they prepare their food, because it leaves a bad aftertaste and horrible food coma. They try to mask this with grease and spices, but their grease is putrid and watery, and their spices are bland and stale. I really want to like XFF, because it's a "trendy" Chinese chain, which is pretty rare for Chinese restaurants to achieve. But there's too many actually decent, AUTHENTIC Chinese places in New York--and even in Manhattan outside of Chinatown--for me to be wasting any more time and money at XFF chains.
Huge fan of xi an, but today when I came in, they ripped me off of my order.Tried ordering a dish, but was told last minute (after we had been waiting for a good bit) that it was unavailable. They then offer to throw in another dish along with another replacement. I accepted, but upon opening my meal, they didn't include the extra dish at all. The replaced dish was cheaper, so I basically just paid more than I should've for a meal I didn't really want. Pretty disappointing customer service for a place I used to be a huge fan of.
Ah, Xi'an Famous Foods.Was first introduced to this place years ago when they just had their Chinatown location.  Now they've expanded into different neighborhoods, and I'm able to go when I get to the midtown locations.I got the spicy lamb noodles this time as I came in the evening.  It was nice - well flavored with Cumin and spice.There's a bar seating along the back along with a small room in the back with some tables.  I wasn't able to go to the upstairs area to check it out as it was closed for cleaning, but they do have some more seating upstairs.
I ordered the cumin lamb noodles. Noodles were thick and spongy, and the lamb sauce had just the right amount of cumin-kick. Lots of fresh green onions, too. It's a hearty portion for the price you pay (which is just slightly above the Chinatown/Flushing standard), so definitely go with an empty stomach. The space is small and narrow, though, so be prepared to be rubbing shoulders with other patrons while you wait for your food.
If I could choose only one restaurant to eat at in the city, it would be Xi'an. Strong words, I know, but I have dreams about this place. Actual dreams, not daydreams. I love it so much. I always order the NS2, extra spicy, and I believe it is the perfect dish. Tangy, rich, spicy, and filling to boot. Writing this makes me want to go there right now.I work nearby, so I go 2-3 times a month for lunch. I don't really go to any other restaurants in the area anymore unless I'm eating with someone else. I don't understand why everyone wouldn't want to eat at Xi'an at every opportunity, but different strokes, I suppose.You can choose your level of spice, from mild to extra spicy. Don't try to be macho and order something spicy or extra spicy unless you're used to heat. I've seen this end poorly, all over the sidewalk outside. If only she'd chosen mild... Also, the noodles really do get soggy after 15-20 minutes, so eat them right away! Make sure to get some of their homemade sour hawberry tea to wash everything down.
The Roujiamou is a little bit sweet which is a little bit disappointing. However, it is absolutely amazing to be able to have Xi'an food in NYC
Xi'an offers the absolute best hand-pulled noodles+pork in spicy brother, thick with flavor and zest. Offering it in both typical noodle combos and fuller soups, I've yet to find any better meat and noodle dishes in the city. Just make sure you get here before the noon rush hour or the line will be far too crowded, since the actual shop is quite cramped.
Decided to pop in here since everyone has been raving about it. I ordered the spicy lamb noodles, but it's just not my cup of tea. It was very spicy so for those who can't take that much spice, this dish is not for you! You can tell that Xi'an Famous Foods is pretty popular when almost all of the dish were sold out that contained broth. Staff is friendly and it was enjoyable watching the lady make the noodle. Almost wanted to ask her if I could try. HahaI will try another dish with no spice next time I am here.
I'm only ever in NYC for short term business or visits but I make sure to stop by XFF every time! Normally I'd get the liang pi (cold noodles) with the cucumber salad to go but since there was space and time for me to eat in, I went with the cashier's recommendation on the spicy tingly beef noodles (N2). They are best eaten fresh because the texture is slightly springy and it doesn't get any better! The first bite of the beef was heavenly - there's just the right amount of fat where it melts in your mouth but not so much where you feel gross or that they're skimping out on giving you actual meat.If you are accustomed to other spicy ethnic foods (Korean, Indian, Chinese, Mexican, etc.) you won't find this particularly spicy so don't be intimidated by their posted warnings. I could also do with a little more of the numbing flavor (mala), but keeping it fairly low key does allow you to enjoy the fresh, fragrant green onions and crunchy celery.I have also tried their lamb burger on a previous visit which was decent but not out of this world. Meat - bun ratio was a little low, and it didn't feel quite as flavorful as the noodle dishes, but maybe I went at an off time.If you're coming during lunch or dinner hour be prepared to wait in line for ordering and for food! I arrived before the lunch rush (no line) and it was about 10 min from payment to food, but I noticed a long line of customers after me and it seemed to be moving more slowly for them. Also, they do not have tap water so bring your own water or be prepared to buy one of their drinks (you'll probably need it since the food is decently salty/spicy).Hyped that this place is bringing my grandparents' food into the mainstream and at such a reasonable price too :) now if only they'd open one on the west coast...
WHY would management be so dumb as to try buying Yelp reviews? The food here is fabulous, addictive even. They didn't need to resort to tricks. Service is much friendlier than your typical Chinese restaurant. I always get the cumin lamb noodles. The lamb and pork burgers are good too when you want to spend a little less. It gets really crowded at lunchtime. This location has more seating than the others and is a nice build-out. Anyway, duh to management and hope this mistake doesn't hurt them too much.
I hate to say things have not improved. I ordered two pork burgers do not heat. My order was #40.  When they called 41 I went up to the counter. The girl expediting orders just stepped away with another customer. I see a bag with two burgers on the counter in front of the screen. I asked the guy making the burgers to check on 40 since they called 41. He looked confused.  Then he looked at the screen, then at the counter, and realized my order was skipped and just sitting there. Again. No apologize. Guess they didn't learn.
I am ADDICTED! I can't stop with the spicy cumin hand ripped noodles in soup! It's spicy and salty with just the right amount of tangy-ness. And the noodles are always cooked perfectly with that perfect amount of chewy goodness. I order it even when it's 100F degrees outside. It's even better if you mix in a little of their tiger salad. Yum!
Ok, TimeOut US named Xi'an Famous Foods the second-best Chinese restaurant in the US in January which meant that it was well overdue for me to pay this place a visit the next time I was in New York City. We went to this location because it was the closest to Broadway where we had to catch a show (Aladdin on Broadway: WATCH IT!)My boyfriend and I ordered 2 of the cumin lamb handmade noodles, and it came out extremely quickly. I loved the consistency of the noodles (so "QQ" as many FOBs may say) but my boyfriend came to the realization that he enjoys thinner noodles better. The flavors were delicious and the lamb was cooked perfectly. My only gripe was that there was celery in the mixture and I'm not a big fan of celery, but this is personal preference.They only take credit cards, and there is a $5 minimum. We didn't buy water when we ordered the food, and so when we tried going back to get a bottle of water after taking a few bites, it wasn't cost-effective enough to spend the credit card minimum. We handled the fiery pain (well, mostly me since the boyfriend can handle a lot of spice) and carried on. If you aren't as pro as me and can't handle your spicy foods without water, be sure to order it along with everything else!!
There are days when I just crave a hot noodle soup, and at Xi'an I always get the pork noodle soup. This location has a lot of seating available, which I like. Eaten fresh from the kitchen, these noodles have just the right amount of kick and warms up my belly! I'd like to try one of the cold noodles next time as well.
Not impressed.  Had the lamb dumpling soup here the other day. The dumplings were just awful.  The meat was blah and the dumplings themselves were tough to chew. Will not be back.
- Watching the noodles made in front of you is a treat!- Food is very good- Portion could be bigger- Would be great if not use styrofoam plates/bowls
People be hatin on the oil, grease, portion, price...but you know what? It's hard to find legit good Chinese noodle soups, and I found the portion and price to be fine.This location seems rather new, and easy to find by the Empire State. Spicy and tingly beef noodles- I expected it to be super spicy, but I found it to be a well balanced soup. The meat just fell apart, it was so soft, and the broth had good depthStewed pork noodle soup- I asked for mild and it was prettyyy spicy, but still good. I loved the noodles, they had good texture and were flat and wide. The meat, again, was the real star. The portion was perfect for hubby, and I didn't even finish mine and I was full.I can only hope and wish that xi'an would open in LA, but until then, I'll be on a quest to find beef noodle soup that's as good as here.
Advice to everyone. Check that the lid to your food container is secure because you'll end up with a soupy mess of chili oil in your bag.
Thank God for a xi'an that is more spacious with more seatings,  I usually go to the one in astor place which is so cramped! But at the 34th St location there are seats both downstairs and upstairs for people to enjoy their dine in experience.  Whenever I come here,  I always order my favorite which is the beef or lamb cumin pulled noodles.  The prices are pretty reasonable,  but sometimes I wish I can get a little more with each 9 something dollars that I spend on a dish there, so that is the main reason why I am giving a 4 stars and not a 5. I guess the best part for me is seeing how my food is made right before my eyes.  The noodles get stretched and pulled apart from just a ball of dough,  then they get cooked in a pot of hot water.  The noodles then go through a process of flavor transformation when their sauces are added and ughhh the result is nothing less then mouth watering explosive amazing-ness! I have to warn you though that the foods here are pretty spicy. They can make it spicier but they cannot make it less spicy, so if you don't like tel he heat I'd say stay away Haha I love my spice but I always order mild dishes when I come here. The mild dishes are not too crazy hot so you can still get your kick but you can also let your taste buds enjoy the flavors of the food as well,  instead of being overwhelmed by the spices. The beef in this dish is another thing that I really like!! The meat is very tender and soft,  it seems to just melt in your mouth! I'm guessing tht the meat goes through hours of slow cooking to get to be that tender and juicy.  Overall,  I really love the quality of the food here!! I'd definitely come back for more!07/04/16YAY I finally got to try the spicy cumin burger for only $4, so it's super affordable. I must say though, you need to eat the burger as quickly as possible because the bread gets tough if you leave it out for too long, and I feel like the meat gets a bit chewy too. Definitely something you need to eat hot. It's not as spicy as you might think, definitely very tolerable. I'd recommend getting this! Can't wait to try the other burger!
Noodles are pretty fresh- they make them in the back. Thick hand drawn noodles. I got the N2- SPICY & TINGLY BEEF HAND-RIPPED NOODLES...when they say spicy they mean spicy. My mouth is on fire right now and I finished eating like 20 min ago. I like spicy food so it's all good. The dish cost ~$9. They give you a decent amount of food but if you go to chinatown you can def get more for cheaper. This is a good midtown location for authentic Chinese food though. I was craving some noodles and this was close by otherwise I'd have gone to Chinatown. I also got a drink - the hawberry drink...I thought they misspelled strawberry but it's hawberry. It tastes sweet and very similar to strawberry. I wasn't sure if I was a fan but I really liked it!!! If you're looking for a sweet refreshing fruity drink this is it.  About $1.75.They have some seats in the back but not many.
AMAAAAZIIINGGG DUMPLINGS AND NOODLES.  The food is SO freash, they are literally making the noodles as you wait.  The price is right and for $7 dollars I got a plate of HUGE dumplings.  Try the spicy & sour lamb dumplings.. SO flavorful and just the right amount of spice.  I also tried my friends noodles were delicious. Come here Asap.
Omgggg I love their food. The noodles are don't fresh and their food is excellent to me. Lunch time gets crazy as there can be limited seating. Lines get long, but it is worth it. The oxtail yummy I treat myself every now and them. A must try and eat!!
We ordered beef noodle, vegetable dumpling, and a few other items.  Not worth the trip if your intent is to taste the best Chinese food in NYC.
Food options become limited when working in the city. As someone who works near Koreatown and does not venture out too far to look for a quick lunch, I only recently located the nearest Xi'an FF. I have been to one previously a different location in Midtown, but found this one on 34th Street, which is about five minutes walking distance from my office building! There is usually a line when you enter the restaurant. Once inside, you are faced with a wall of labeled photos containing various food items to which you choose what you want and let the cashier in front of you know your order.After ordering, you take your receipt and waiting line. If you want My usual go-to for food here is the Spicy Cumin Lamb Hand-Ripped Noodle Soup and the Spicy Cucumber Salad (which personally I think it is a little overpriced for the amount you are getting). Hand-Ripped Noodles here is a unique here, and while I like thick noodles in my soup, I feel that the noodles are a little too thick for my liking; however, because of the spiciness and flavor of the soup, I excuse the noodles and still eat the food. Soup flavor always makes the dish, so the noodles are not a deal breaker for me.
I really want to say this is an ok place, average food, average taste. It is a bit pricy. Yet factor in this is NYC, where you can get all the talents and the best of best, this restaurant then comes in below average.I can clearly remember better taste Xian food in Vegas, in SF Bay Area, or even on the street vendors in Village or Flushing, Queens. They all share the same spice, same dishes, yet much lower price every where ELSE.The staff here are friendly. Seats are plenty. Would not recommend or return.
If you like lamb, this is your spot!! We ordered 3 things to share, and yes everything was lamb. We got the spicy lamb dumplings, lamb noodles and lamb burger. My favorite were the lamb dumplings!! Super doughy and spicy!! The lamb noodles were a little too spicy for me, but I love the thick cut noodles. I wasn't a huge fan of the lamb burger, which was served in a pita type of bread. This spot is affordable and very efficient. Once you order, you find a spot and they call you once it's ready. Mhmm...those spicy dumplings!
Loved the food here! Came in with high expectations and was not disappointed. We got the spinach dumplings and the cold skin noodles. The cold skin noodles are bit on the sour side. The texture of the noodles are amazing. There was a bunch more that we wanted to try on the menu. I will be going back to this place!
I absolutely love the Pork Bun here!!! It's so authentic that I think it's better than some pork bun places in Xi'an. Other dishes like beef noodle soup and zhajiang noodle taste fine, but not surprisingly good. Very affordable price, worth come back.
Excellent food and very affordable for NYC prices.Wandering around the city and came across this place for lunch. Had their burgers and they were delicious (never knew Chinese had burgers too!). GF had a veggie noodle soup and that was delicious as well. Left well fed and satisfied.There is extra seating available upstairs.
Literally Everything is good. Extra Extra Spicy is the best.Slurp Away
- recommend: spicy lamb cumin noodles, chrysanthemum tea- healthy portion size for the price- nice balance of flavors (if not a bit on the greasy side)- noodles can be a bit hard to eat some times since they're inconsistently torn and can be a bit large, wavy, and long
*Credit cards accepted!My roommate and I were literally the first people in the new Xi'an at 11am this morning when they officially opened for business (with free noodles!).  We're both ecstatic and mortified (there goes our diet) that this location is so close to home!  Xi'an noodles every day!This location, compared to some of the older locations of Xi'an, is huge.  The downstairs area hosts an open kitchen where you pick up your food, and at least 10 counter/bar seats to eat.  This location even has an upstairs eating area complete with natural lighting through skylights (I've since learned that this area is closed unless the downstairs has run out of seating).  There's plenty of space for everyone to enjoy their food and you won't have to hound people while they're eating to get a seat like the St. Marks, Midtown, or Chinatown locations.  The ventilation here is also good and you won't smell like food for the rest of the day after eating here.  Also, side note, this place isn't full of Xi'an propaganda, newspaper articles, and tv re-runs as the other places are.As with the other Xi'ans, my go-tos are"A1: Liang Pi - cold spicy noodles with gluen chunks - if you take it to go, make sure you ask for the sauce on the sideNS2: Spicy and tingly beef noodles in soupNS3: Mt. Qi pork noodle soup - diced pork with a sour/star anise soup baseNS4: Spicy pork noodles in soup**and anything in soup, really.  The non-soup versions (same order number but without the "s") is good, but I always favor noodle soups!The hand-pulled (watch them make it!) noodles here are legit and it's hard to find this kind of al dente pulled noodle anywhere else in the city.PS: Take-out Xi'an never tastes as good as when you eat it in the restaurant.  Except for the cold noodles.Cheers to Xi'an!  This will definitely be my new go-to spot when I'm lazy to cook.
On a scale of 10:I ordered the spicy lamb #n1The lamb was tender, juicy. Seasoning was good with a slight kick. 8/10The noodles were okay. Tender but on the chewy side. 6/10The sauce was good overallMy girlfriend had the n#2. Overall for her it was good but they did not give enough beef. And the beef was somewhat chewy and on the fatty and tendon sideOverall, 7/10.
My favorite Chinese restaurant close to Penn. My favorites are the beef noodles, both the soup and soupless are amazing. There small bowl of tofu is also really good and compliments anything else on the menu if you're looking for a little more. Don't be intimidated by the line as it moves quickly. There's seems to always be seating as well as half of the customers are to-go.
I was recommended here by a coworker and by a buzzfeed article. The top 17(?) places to eat noodles in NYC. Too bad I couldn't try the lamb noodle one since I don't eat lamb personally. When we arrived, the line seemed long (at 1:40pmish) but it moved fast. Though our order was #38, we got our food fast and was seated upstairs. The loud music made it a bit hard to converse with my friend but it wasn't too bad. Next came the food. I ordered a jasmine tea, the spinach dumplings and the spicy and tingly beef noodle soup. I figured that spicy food on a cold day would be perfect. However, I was a bit disappointed at the heat that was offered. From the bright redness that stared back at me, I thought it would be spicier. I suppose that is why they had more sauces near the utensils. Despite that, the taste was still great. I didn't add any more hot sauce but for those who want something super spicy, I would suggest to add more on your own. Other than the taste, I think the noodle was slightly hard to eat. It came in large pieces that doesn't allow me to slurp or stuff into my face.  My friend even looked for a knife in their utensils (no they don't have any.)My overall experience was great and I would love to come and try the other dishes.
Delicious hand pulled noodles and broth. Tried the chicken which was great, but regular was on the mild side - would opt for higher spice level next time, and try the pork, which looked more flavorful. Beware the splatter of the broth! Note, there is plenty of seating upstairs. Noodles best enjoyed fresh.
Deep flavors. Elegant noodles. Elevated food. Great soundtrack also. Good option for switching it up with a Korean town after. This is very good.It's a bit touristy trendy now but that is the nature of the game. I never understood the "hidden gem" thing anyway, as a restaurant owner do I want to be a "hidden gem" ?That's a yelp problem but this place is great and you should go. All previous accolades deserved. Yes yes yes,
I ordered the lamb burger and lamb hand-pulled noodles. The lamb burger smelled a bit odd, but the lamb hand-pulled noodles were delicious! The restaurant is clean and spacious. Great value!
Food qty is small for the price and yes it made me super thirsty so msg must be in here! But other than that it's good. I love noodles so I can't complain and the beef was tender. I don't think I'll come back again since it's pricy. Don't be deceived like me about the long line to pick up the food. I thought there wasn't any space to sit but there was plenty of seats in the back and upstairs.
I love the spicy lamb dumplings in soup. Lunch line is pretty long, but it is worth the wait!
Very good delicious authentic noodles. Small place but very efficient and fast service!!
First time having it and I was amazed! Was alittle hungry so came here for a little appetizer. Got the stewed pork burger and it was delicious! The bread was crunchy and the meat was juicy! On my way out, I saw other people eating the noodles and it looked pretty good too. Definitely coming back out to try the whole menu.
This place has great lamb and dumplings. A lot to try and will be back for more. They sometimes skimp on the meat, but overall always have a good experience. FULL OF FLAVOR!!
Xi'an foods has managed to stay consistent with their product despite growing an array of stores across the city I've been a big fan of the brand since early pre-Bourdain days in Flushing and their tiny kiosk in ChinatownThe midtown locale lacks a bit of energy compared to the current East village or Bayard locales, but that's obviously not why you come here anyway Under $14 self serve gets you a happy stomach and a tingling mouth See more at 52travel.nyc
Absolutely delicious food. I ordered the concubines chicken! The noodles were wonderful, it was all so incredibly flavorful it's insane. I totally get the hype. However, it was a little too oily for my taste! And I got a couple of pieces of chicken bones, I don't mind that much though! It's what makes it all so flavorful! Very very good job, will definitely come back on my next New York trip!
Tried their famous Spicy Cumin Lamb Hand-Ripped Noodles. It was pretty good but found it to be heavy for a weekday lunch (lol)
Love this place! It's authentic and affordable. My favorite is Oxtail Noodle soup.
I love this chain of restaurants. They are known for noodles dishes that have just the right amount of oils and seasoning in them. Each dish is around $8-11. I personally like any of the hand-pulled noodles dishes. Overall, awesome noodles and the best Chinese "fast" food I've ever had.
I wanted to like this place, I really really did. But the food just fell short for me. The noodles were too long which made them difficult to eat, and everything was covered in way too much oil. My sister got the Concubine's chicken (which we were told had bones), but what we didn't expect was for the bones to be so fragile that they completely splinter when you try to eat the meat - not very appetizing. I ordered the pork "zha jiang" over noodles and while the ground pork had a really nice flavor there was hardly any of it on my plate. Surprisingly, the best dish that we ordered were the hot and sour spinach dumplings, they were actually really good! My siblings and I agreed that while we were all full after the meal, we weren't quite satisfied. Overall, I wouldn't come back here to eat again on my own volition but I wouldn't cry if someone bought it for me for lunch.
I made the mistake of having lunch here right after the 11 AM opening on a Saturday. Ironically, neither the meat nor the buns for the Spicy Cumin Lamb and Stewed Pork Burger tasted fresh. The lamb was dry and had more spices than vegetables, while the flatbreads for both tasted like cardboard. Going to stick to the 45th Street and St. Mark's Place locations from now on.Lots of seating on first and second floors. Expect your total bill to be rounded up to the nearest $0.50. Credit card accepted with $5 minimum.
A friend of mine highly (highly) recommended this place to me and I don't get the hype. I ordered the tingly beef soup noodles and it was just okay. I mean, they weren't terrible, and I suppose for the price it's economical, but it's just not a place I crave. My friend did get some veggie noodles and when I tried his, I felt like they tasted better than what I ordered, but overall the noodles just made me feel heavy and oily. I believe they cook everything to order and there was a sign near the register that recommends eating their noodles in the establishment instead of taking food take away, but I wonder how that would be during the lunch rush. Overall, just okay.
Perfectly textured noodles, intense flavors, and well-prepared meats all await you in oil-laden plastic plates at this fast-casual chain. Despite how messy many of the pictures look, the restaurant is well-managed and quite efficient, making it seem like the plastic plates and lack of plating seem like intentional design choices that harken back to the restaurant's origins as a food truck.My fiance and I came twice for lunch, and we tried the ox tail noodles soup, spicy and tingly beef noodles, and spicy cumin lamb noodles. All dishes were bursting with flavor in their own ways. Across all dishes, the in-house, hand-drawn noodles were clear winners, with the perfect amount of chewiness and give along with a clean rice taste in every bite. With the soup having a nice amount of savory depth and tinge of spice (at regular spice levels). The spicy and tingly beef noodles contained a small amount of ground szechuan peppercorns, which resulted in a very interesting change in the flavor of the dish from spicy at the beginning to more sour and savory as the peppercorns kicked in. The spicy cumin lamb noodles were a real winner, with intense cumin in every bite and well-marinated and not-at-all-gamey lamb, which in and of itself is an accomplishment. Overall, for the price, it's quite nice for some oil-coated, tasty, Chinese food that will impress your taste buds.A word of warning: if you go take their online, in-store survey and give then 5 stars, Xi'an will e-mail you and tell you that if you leave them a 5 star review on Yelp, they will give you a $5 gift certificate. A 3 or 4 star review will yield no such payoff. They claim that this way of incentivising reviews is just to get the word out, but it is a clear violation of Yelp policy.
Good flavor but my food was cold.  Better off going to Chinatown or flushing or Brooklyn to get authentic noodles
