Highly recommend the spicy chicken pot and the beef brisket noodle soup!The meat is so tender and not too spicyI wish they gave more beef in the brisket and didn't chop them up as muchalso get it to go... insider food really made this place packed af :(
Big tray chicken ftw! Juicy succulent bone in chicken yumm. I didn't expect to like the chicken skin but it was so well done. It was not fatty feeling at all. The texture was perfect, a bit of springiness but not too chewy. Soaked in the flavors perfectly. Potatoes were my least favorite part of the dish. I did like the smaller pieces which soaked in the sauce well. Ordered yam noodles and hand pulled noodles. Portion is much smaller than expected. I see that the noodle portion used to be bigger before the hype but now it's lacking... SO and I were not completely satiated with just the big tray chicken and 2 orders of noodle. That being said the noodles were really delicous. The yam noodles had a great consistency. Tasted like chewy korean potato noodles used for japchae. The handpulled noodle were yummy too. Both not soggy yet soaked up all the flavors really well. Would go again but order more noodles or try other dishes possibly the pork pancake based on other yelp reviews.
I'm honestly only giving them 5 stars because I'm not for sending known bad energy out there... but my god, the food was so spicy that I threw up! - and they didn't even offer us water. Okok, so it's totally my fault for knowingly picking a restaurant named SPICY Village and my friend for bringing a ginger potent cider to this BYOB establishment but my god... between the spicy food and chugging the ginger cider due to the no water thing - it made it a dangerous combination. I threw up not once, but twice! Lol! I mean, if you can handle spicy then you'll be fine but for whimps like me, it bodes you well to stay far away. Lesson learned. Great hand pulled noodles, though... from what I could taste... since my tongue was numb; my brain on fire; and my stomach hating me with every fiber of its being.
When I read on Eater that my favorite Chinatown stop had shuttered due to lease issues, I was BEREFT.  (Lam Zhou, I hardly knew ye).  It felt like a loss; so much so that I had a sudden compulsion to find a new spot I could love just as much.  This place is definitely in the running:Anyway, not sure how Spicy Village escaped my radar, what with write-ups from the likes of Mark Bittman and Robert Sietsema, but it most definitely did.  I only just now came across it and clearly, it's got some sort of cult following thing going on.   It was packed with a constant flow of diners the entire time we were there, in the middle of a Saturday afternoon.  Mama friend, kids and me were doing a mini Chinatown food crawl, so we needed to conserve our stomach space.  Thus we resisted the tempting famed Big Tray Chicken.  Instead, we tried some Beef Pancakes, Spicy Scallion Sauce Dumplings, and Spicy Beef Brisket Humei Noodles.    The Beef Pancakes were a revelation.  LOVED the savory filling, packed with fresh cilantro and the thin, crisp pancake 'bun.'  The Noodles were lovely too.  We'd been told by our server that the Beef Brisket was better than our original pick of Lamb.  It was tender and tasty enough, but there wasn't all that much of it.  My least favorite was the Dumplings.  I think I have simply been spoiled forever by the aforementioned Lam Zhou (R.I.P.).  Their Boiled Dumplings were a thing of beauty, with their impossibly thin, ethereal almost slippery skins, and while good, these just didn't take me there.  Overall, everything we ate was delicious and full of flavor.  In fact, I was all set to give this place 5 stars.  But then it occurred to me that nothing we tried was even remotely spicy. What gives?  (Or is it gave?)  Maybe because we were there with kids?  (For the record, mine can handle some serious heat).  That aside, am already plotting to return as I write this.  Next time I may even try the Big Tray Chicken.ps  Fwiw, this is a small sit-down spot with table service.  You're likely to encounter a wait to be seated, as we did, but stick it out and you'll be amply rewarded.
Spicy, tingly, hand-torn noodles for such a good price!The restaurant is pretty small so it's best to come in twos. They're best known for their big tray of chicken but I came by myself so I couldn't get it hahaTheir noodles were pretty good (although I think I still prefer Xi'an foods) but their savory pancakes are so good!! I thought they were going to be like dan bing (flat and open faced) but they were in fact, sandwiched and superr crunchy. Since it's BYOB i'll def have to come here again with friends and do that with the tray chicken!
Come here with your best friend or date who you don't need to impress anymore. Don't come here for a first date. Between my friend and I, we ordered the cucumbers, beef pancake and of course, the spicy chicken pot with 2 servings of noodles. More than enough food to go around and despite great food, very cost friendly too!Spicy Village has been around for a while under the radar but have acquired fame over the past year through a series of positive reviews from multiple sources. While the fame is well deserved, Spicy Village does not stand out from other Chinese restaurants offering a similar menu. BYOB but don't come here with a bottle of wine and stay for hours - that's bad business. Spicy Village is a small establishment dependent on a high turnover rate of customers. Come in, write your name down, order your food, get seated, food arrives within minutes, eat your food and leave.
Spicy Village is the perfect spot for a quick cheap lunch or dinner. They have around 4 or 5 tables that fit 4 people each- their line goes out the door and goes up to 30 minutes if you come at their busiest hours. The girls that work there will grab your name and phone number to let you know when it's your turn. I always partake in BYOB here, which is awesome they allow this policy cause there are many inexpensive liquor stores and delis in Chinatown. However! If you BYOB, the girls and lady that work there will tell you it's $15 minimum per person. Now I generally don't mind this policy but the portion of their dishes are quite generous for the price- I often find myself wanting them to just charge us a corking fee or something cause I've brought home sooo much leftovers from this place because of the $15 minimum. But also because of that I've tried plenty of dishes here... so here goes my food review..!Their dumplings are inexpensive, yummy, and quite large in size- perfect dish to add when you're hungry and feening a little more than just noodles. I like both the plain ones and the ones dressed in sauce. The cucumber and seaweed appetizer is okay, not as heavily seasoned or as cold as I prefer it to be, but definitely a great dish to help yourself out when things get too hot and heavy during your dinner. The pork pancake is also really good! I prefer this pancake over the ones they sell at Xian famous foods cause the pancake is thinner (less bread-y) and they add a piece of cilantro in it too. There is definitely less meat in this pancake though. Soup dumplings are decent- not Shanghai manor or Joe's Shanghai good- but a quick bite and inexpensive. I really love the way they pull their noodles- or their hui mei dishes. I love to order the chicken or oxtail hui mei --I definitely recommend not getting soup so you can taste all of the great seasoning and flavors cling onto the noodles. The spicy big tray chicken is also really good- heavily seasoned, lots of chicken, you can order the amount of noodle portions you want, and it was featured in Eater! Perfect dish for a group of people. I originally wanted to give this place 4 stars instead of 5 due to the rushy service they give you and the fact that they want you to basically know your order when you sit down- but these things only occur because their operation is very busy and the amount of space and staff they have cannot accommodate to the foodies that come here when they're super hungry or just checking out the place Eater featured. Just come here and see for yourself and enjoy a great bowl of noodle.
What you need to know: - well known for their Big Tray of Chicken- small hole in the wall restaurant with 20 seats - cash only - has a tiny and kinda gross bathroom - very friendly boss lady - BYOB - Owners/chef are from the Hunan ProvinceWhat I always order: - Spice scallion sauce dumpling (price for 12 dumplings $6.50) - these dumpling are beyond good! It comes with a divine scallion sauce full of spice and fresh cilantro, the skin is definitely homemade and on the thicker but soft side. This is the perfect dumpling! 10 stars for this! - Big tray of chicken $14.50 and additional noodles $3 - they should call this the Big Ass tray of chicken! The plate comes with a generous mountain of chicken, Sichuan peppers, cumin, and lots of spices! The noodles are thick, rough cut and comforting - the perfect vessel to soak up the sauce. This dish would be even better if the chicken were of higher quality, it was a tad on a dry side.
My family and I came here a few weeks ago. We were eating at The Boil, but the portions there weren't enough and it left us hungry. So we decided to come to spicy village since it's more affordable and it was right across the street from where we were. When we arrived we waited for about a few minutes before being seated which was great. This place is small, roughly 6-7 tables at most. We decided to ordered the big tray chicken with noodles and beef noodles with bak choy. It was just enough for us. I really enjoyed eating the big tray chicken more the beef noodles. It was well flavored and the chicken was very tender. I think the beef noodles tasted mediocre. It wasn't that special to my taste. I will be back whenever I'm craving for a late night meal.
Big tray spicy chicken holds up the hype. Get extra noodles.
CASH ONLY  You can easily just walk by this place because of its typical Chinatown awning along with its small door entrance but when you do enter this no frills eatery to dine, you'll be rewarded with authentic, delicious hand pulled noodles with tender chunks of chicken and potatoes. Yes, I'm talking about the popular dish of the "big tray chicken". Get it! Let's explore the breakdown:Place - no frills, super casual, Chinatown spot. Bring cash and good luck with parking. You'll enter and see several tables which I would not bring a big group of friends. I'd say stick to a max of 4 people. Service - don't expect manners. I'm not saying they are rude but it's Chinatown. If you're from out of town, don't take any disrespect if the staff speaks loudly at you, get ignored (english isn't their strong suit) or you hear them yelling in Chinese. Once you look passed that, you'll be alright. What I did notice when I dined in was that if you want some water, you'll have to request it. They didn't give me a cup until I did. Food - ordered the popular "big tray chicken". When you order this, it's just the chicken by itself. You'll have to tell them how many orders of hand pulled noodles you'd want (don't bother with the rice). 1 order will be good for 1 person. The whole dish is good to share amongst 2 people, so if you're like me, dining solo...you'll have some yummy leftovers. It came out piping out with the aromas of the herbs and seasonings. If you're afraid of spice, don't be because it's not that spicy. You'll also have water beside you, indulge. Let the noodles and the potatoes that it comes with soak in the juices of the chicken before eating it. Beware of the peppercorns. They like to play hide and seek in between the noodles and chicken chunks. You'll know once you bite into one of them, hate it!! By the end of my fill, I was happily satisfied. Do keep in mind that they can get super busy during lunch hours. I got lucky getting a seat. A lined formed shortly after me. Let me know what you think !!
Spicy village is like the big sister of xians famous foods minus all the chili oil drowning your food. I had the spicy beef dry noodle. LOVED it. Love the price. Loved the amount of spice, all the bokchoy and of course the noodles. Beef was not as tender as XFF but I can deal with that. Super tiny space, super basic and cheap prices. But no water at the table which is a bummer especially if like me you forget that and didnt order a water bottle.
I got the lamb broth noodles with beef brisket, and it was really good!The broth had the distinct lamb flavor, and the briskets were tender. The noodles were also fresh. What I liked was that there were some more ingredients in the noodles bowl, such as bean noodles (yes another type of noodles besides the knife-cut one), and the dried bamboo I think.The soup was boiling hot which was good, and it was also cheap. A small bowl did fill me up for lunch.Minus things were that the restaurant was small and it was freezing inside whenever someone opens the door.
On the quiet side of the street next to the park, you'll find spicy village. There's usually a small line, but it's worth it. You can get yourself a decent meal for $15 per person.I highly recommend the big tray chicken and their pork bun. The big tray chicken is just a massive tray of chicken and some potatoes in a spicy elixir. Unless you're really hungry, this is recommended to be split with at least on one other person. I recommend added some noodles but that because I'm a noodle addict. The pork bun is wonderful. The pork is prepared with a traditional cumin seasoning and the plain bun is slightly toast to heighten the flavors. Decor is low key, so bring friends and have a good time.
TL;DR: I love cheap Chinese noodle places, and this one is on par with one of my favorites, Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles, for its amazing knife cut noodles.Came here for an 8:15pm dinner with a friend on a Friday night and we waited about 40 mins to be seated. It's really popular and since there are about 15 seats total, you'll likely not get a seat if you're a big party or have to wait a long time as a party of 2.There are great options here for vegetarians and for omnivores. My friend got the dry vegetable hui mei and I had the vegetable hui mei soup. Other popular meat options from tables next to us seemed to be the big plate of chicken (which is enormous and looked amazing - tons of potatoes in a spicy sauce) and the beef hui mei. Both of our vegetable hui mei were excellent - think Xi'an Famous Foods with less oil and more veggies. They also include generous amounts of savory tofu (the dense kind with brown skin). I added a ton of chili oil to my noodle soup and it was perfect; not too salty and spices really complemented by the thick noodles. We paid $6 each for our noodles and left plenty of tip.One downside is that they don't give you tea or water, so come with a water bottle or buy one of their sweet chrysanthemum teas. All in all, another winning NYC Chinatown noodle shop.
4.5 starsI'm not sure if I should be mad at myself for not knowing about this place, or my yelp friends for not telling me about this place. I go here all the time now that I work so close by (literally a 30 second walk to here). Their lunch special is straight fire: $3 for a small pepper chicken over rice. Douse it in Sriracha and you're good to go. Or if you have hang out time, you can just sit down and have some of the food off the menu, which is crazy good. Their soups are insanely good, but when I have sit down time I usually get the handpulled noodles with beef. No need to put too much hot sauce on this bad boy though, because it comes well spicied up! Mouth watering food at good prices. I guess the popular dish is the big tray of chicken to share, as I was told by someone who was sitting next to me the first time I went in to get noodles. When I find someone who wants to share lunch with me there I'm definitely hitting it up. YUM!
So spicy and so good. Yes it is a hole in the wall. Yes you have to wait and get your seat. But it will all be worth it when your huge tray of chicken and piles of noodles arrive. The broth is on fire and the noodles perfectly soaking up those yummy flavors. The noodles are clearly homemade by hand because they are cut unevenly and chewy. The chicken was first fried then stewed in the spicy goodness. And the potato fell apart as I was picking it up. Melts in your mouth! We also got the Triple Salad (cucumber, seaweed and tofu)  to keep our palette clean. It was refreshing and cheap! The pancake with beef was a-ok, but according to boyfriend, better than Xi'An's. I will definitely be back for other noodle/dumpling dishing because they do them right here.
Salty. Very Salty. Delicious, absolutely delicious, but salty.
Spicy Village is a tiny hole in the wall located in Chinatown that looks a bit run down from the outside.  Spicy Village is proof that a restaurant can be successful despite its location and appearance if it serves good food, provides great service, and sets fair prices.  They have limited seating and there is always a long line to dine. I came on a Tuesday evening around 8pm and had to wait 20 minutes to be seated.Service is fast and efficient.  I ordered while I was waiting in line to speed up the process. I highly advise grabbing a menu as soon as you walk in and ordering in advance if you can.  You get your food quicker and the restaurant gets their seats back quicker. A win-win situation. FOOD RUNDOWN* Spicy Big Chicken Tray ($14.25)- The name of this dish says it all.  It's a big tray of fried/stewed chicken simmered in chili-oil sauce, peppers, cilantro, and a whole lot of cumin.  You can and should order some thick hand-pulled noodles to add into the stew.  * Soup Dumplings ($6.25)- This pork filled goodness with piping hot broth inside is one of my favorite dishes. This is not the best place in Chinatown to order soup dumplings but it's also far from the worst.  If you are on a budget and always wanted to try this famous dish, this place is solid.  If you have some extra spending money I would head on over to Joe's Shanghai.   * BYOB PEEPS, so run next door and grab some brew for dinner. $$CASH ONLY$$
Aite, hot take - not that great.I came here with my family and we ordered two beef noodle soups, a pork burger, and the big tray chicken. The beef soups were disappointing as hell. Barely any vegetables, chewy and tiny beef portions. The pork burger was meh. Not enough meat in it, flavor was decent. At the price point I don't expect it to be better than Xi'an Famous Foods', but I expect there to be enough meat to not make me regret it. The big tray chicken was pretty good, but nothing mindblowing. The portion we got served had a TON of chicken skin in it, which is also annoying. Flavor wasn't out of this world, probably would have been better with rice or something to soak up the sauce, but what you see is what you get. Maybe we just came on an off day, but for what it's worth there are better Chinatown dives.
Dropped in here the day after halloween for some big tray chicken. Hailing from Urumuqi, Xinjiang, I'd like to think of myself as the end-all-be-all of big tray chicken tasters. And this is pretty legit! 1 tray of big tray chicken as well as 2 servings of noodles was enough to feed me and a grown man, which is insane. You HAVE to get this, it's the only place in NYC (exception of flushing) that has the authentic spicyness. Delicious.
It's a sad affair when noodles, or any comfort food for that matter, disappoint. I ordered the spicy lamb hui mei. Spice level was wimpy (I think I just made that word up, but you get what I mean), and the lamb did not look appetizing. Indeed, it tasted bland even when mixed into the broth.  I was utterly hungry and almost inhaled the noodles to fill that void in my stomach. Noodles are hand cut, wide, with great texture. The flavor was decent, but nothing out of this world like I was expecting. There's an interesting herby, almost medicinal, undertone in the broth. Loved the seaweed and cilantro. Overall, it was a decent, happily affordable meal ($7), but I've had better noodles in and around the city and certainly better lamb. Maybe I'll try some of their other menu items next time. I noticed another table ordered this lamb sandwich that looked good (as you can see, my lamb craving has not been satisfied).
We all left disappointed. Kids hate spicy stuff and everything was super spicy. Very small place.
Always a go-to if I'm hungry and looking for a quick meal with veggies. The staff is super nice, and accomodating if we're just standing around waiting for the order to-go. The place is fairly small, with around 5 tables that can hold 2-4 ppl. Casual chinese, with more local, not high-brow dishes I grew to love when I lived in China for a time.
Their grade was pending from the Health Dept but it wasn't scary-dirty inside at all. I know you can judge a book by its cover - front area can't be judged by what's in back but hey I came for the food!We ordered the dry hand pulled noodles with beef brisket and I'd definitely order it again. The beef was tender, moist, and full of flavor. The noodles were perfectly cooked and so tasty I could hardly stop eating them. The portion was huge, in my opinion, and only $6.25.
Um my secret go-to...that I don't want to tell the world about...but I've been learning about empathy so here goes.Spicy Village is a rare ray of authenticity into non-Cantonese food in Chinatown.  This is my experience as a Chinese person who's eaten food in Chinatown dozens of times over the past 4-5 years.  The noodles are excellently chewy.  The spices just right and one of the few places where I enjoy the spice.  The big plates of chicken (literally the name) is a classic central China cuisine and something I thoroughly like as well, for both take-out and dine in. Go, again and again.  You won't regret it.
This small no-frills place was amazing. The food is authentic Henan style simple cuisine. We started with pork buns or what they call pancakes. The name is misleading. It was more like the best of paninis or cubanos. The bread was light, crisp, yet chewy without any heaviness and the  generous filling was seasoned perfectly and very juicy. Recommended is also the hui mei noodles with soup. The spicy chicken had just enough kick. And the ma la spicy cumin-laced broth was perfect. The noodles were good but not outstanding. Not recommended is their xiao long bao (soup dumplings). They were filled with soup but slightly on the bland side. Stick to the Henan specialties here..you won't be disappointed. I would definitely get the buns and soup noodle again!
Cheap and delicious. Every dish is good, especially the noodle soup. Will recommend it my friends.
Came in late last night after returning from AC and was pretty hungry. Just wanted to get on the D back home so I took it to go or I wouldve tried the big tray chicken. I got something to snack on while on the train the Fried Peanuts and its pretty much what it says, fried crunchy peanuts,no toppings other than salt and pepper and they were warm and addicting,better than those little bags they sell at the carts. My main was the spicy ox tail Hui Mei. I am a lover of the tail of the ox so when I see it,I order it. The noodles were very good with nice pull,the sauce spicy without being overpowering and the meat was tender and delicious. Plenty of Bok Choy and Cilantro to boot and an awesome plastic carryout bowl I will reuse! Double score!
Formerly known as He Nan Flavor, this wonderful family-run restaurant (Mom at the front, Dad in the kitchen, kids running around the restaurant) serves great hand-pulled noodles at super-cheap prices.Start your meal with the pancake with pork ($2), which is as tasty as it is cheap. If I worked around here, this pancake would make a perfect lunch.The hand-pulled noodles are of the wide (hui mei) variety, and come either as soup dishes or as dry dishes. The dry dishes actually do have soup, but it's about 1/3 of the bowl instead of a full bowl of soup. I only tried the dry version, and all the dishes I've had were excellent. The noodles are nicely chewy, firm, and well separated. The broth is dark, rich and intense, and makes use of ingredients that I don't usually associate with Chinese cooking, like tomato. The egg and tomato hui mei is excellent, just like the spicy vegetable hui mei. My favorite one, however, is the spicy beef brisket hui mei: the brisket is crisp on the outside and wonderfully tender on the inside, and very flavor flavorful. This dish also comes with copious amounts of seaweed and cilantro, the chewy texture of the seaweed pairing perfectly with that of the noodles.Tasty food, great attention to the ingredients used, prices cheaper than at most already-cheap places in Chinatown, and a family-run feel deserve a five star grading to me.Definitely come hungry, and pace yourself: portions are rather generous, and it's worth ordering 3-4 dishes to share.
I've gotten food from them 2 times. The first one I got the "spicy beef brisket noodles" which weren't even spicy, they were just VERY salty. I gave them one more chance and on the second time I got the "big chicken" dish, while the spiciness was there ALL they gave me were chicken bones. Seriously? Chicken Bones with Sauce? so so far it's 2/2. I'm not giving them a 3rd shot.
Wow was this place a find! Thanks to the Yelp app we saught out this tiny, tiny "hole in the wall" (maybe 400 sqft) authentic Chinese Noodle Shop. The reviewers comments were on-point! Very minimalist deco, pictures of offered dishes. Everything was bi-lingual supporting the fact that this place is a favorite of natives and locals alike. Food was rustic, minimalistic meaning contained nothing which did not add to the outstanding flavors of the food. The hand pulled, wide noodles were the star of every dish, and they earned there place. About 5/8 - 3/4" wide, these noodles were firm and tender and not doughy. The Beef Brisket was soo tender is dissolved in your mouth, bursting with flavor. Want an appetizer you won't find anywhere else? Get the Pork Pancake. Not what you would expect based on its name. slow cooked pork spread on a toasted sesame flat bun, garnished with Cilantro. Delightful!On our list to visit again, soon!
Given the name "Spicy Village", I assume most dishes here are dangerously spicy. As a chili lover, I am excited that I found this restaurant. After dining here, here is my summary. The pork bun: The bun is toasted crispy and chewy. The shredded pork is tender and juicy and the sauce is pretty good. It is a big bun but I think they could use a little more meat. Although it only costs $2, I guess you cannot ask too much. Overall, it is a great tasty crispy bun. The spicy beef hui mien: Alright now this "hui mien" idea is quite new to the NYC Chinese food scene. It is not quite dry style noodles nor noodle soup. It is sort of wet with a bit of the marinate sauce but not enough to be a soup dish. Their noodles are handmade and very very chewy. I found their noodles have better consistency than at Xian. It does not get tangled together or soggy. However, I was totally fooled by the "spicy" in the name. It is absolutely not spicy at all. My friend had the Spicy Lamb and he had the same problem. We ended up adding a bunch of chili oil to our noodles. It is still a great bowl of noodles at a generous size nonetheless. Now, the best thing here is definitely their Big Tray of Spicy Chicken. I know the name is very cheesy but the dish is very rewarding and is surprisingly spicy finally. The dish itself is $13 and if you add one dollar, you get add-on noodles to this dish. It is big enough for two people to share. They use peppercorn and a little cumin in the dish. So it is numbing and spicy.Great noodle shop if you are a hand-pulled wide noodles fan!
This place is rather small- but not in a good way .. Atleast not if you're wearing bulky winter attire and attempting to stand out of the way while you wait to be seated, No biggie though .. The food is good and thats what counts!To start I had the veggie mixed with pork dumplings - the quantity was large but they didn't rock my world..they were just fine. I also ordered the "beef brisket hui mei" in beef broth and vegetable noodle soup.. This was pretty good and eventually I dipped my dumplings into the broth and that made them taste a lot better :) All in all good place for a warm meal on a really cold day!
Solid, not amazing. The big tray chicken had decent flavor but the lamb tripe did not. The noodles are definitely legit.
Spicy Village needs to rename their "big tray of chicken" to "kind-of-big-but-really-not-that-big tray of chicken." No, the price has not changed, nor has the size of the metal tray changed, but the amount of chicken is now about 2/3 what they used to serve. Before they used to fill the tray with chicken and then pile the noodles (extra charge) on top. Now if you order noodles (still an extra charge) with your chicken, the noodles takes up 1/3 of the tray.  It used to be more than enough food for two big eaters, but now I'd recommend tacking on a couple small, filler dishes if you decide to go the "big" tray of chicken route.I think I've finally made sense of this Bushism: "Fool me once, shame on...shame on you. Fool me...you can't get fooled again!" I'll be passing on the "big" tray of chicken and sticking to their lamb hui mei from now on.youtu.be/eKgPY1adc0A
this is the quintessential hole in the wall place. it's tiny! there's maybe 5 tables max and it's BYOB. We brought a bottle of wine.. per person. One red, one white. No judgement from the wait staff. Thumbs up! Everything here was so delicious and so cheap! My friend and I ordered extra dishes to go. The spicy chicken noodles were amazing! Be warned, the portions are pretty huge. I loved the handmade noodles, it was perfectly cooked -- not too soggy, not too al dente. Wished I lived in NYC just so I can go back and try all the noodles.
I came upon Spicy Village as I walked around Chinatown. Nothing fancy with  small space with maybe 10 chairs. Menu has some interesting options that I need to go back and try including brisket and beef dishes. Incredibly cheap and large portions. I will be back.
"Dry Vegetarian Chicken Noodles" didn't have the pepper icon that marks the menu's spicy items so I got that as I don't like spicy food, I just wanted hand-pulled noodles. Well, they were not dry, they were quite spicy and the vegetarian chicken was just sliced firm tofu. However it was still really good and only $6.
A friend and I were in lower Manhattan and craving spicy food, so we decided to check out this small joint in Chinatown. I had heard great things about the food here, so we arrived, hungry and ready for some spice.Warning: they don't take cards here. I completely forgot to check and ended up having to walk a few blocks to the closest Citibank to get some cash. Anyway, on to the food!We each got a bowl of noodles. I ordered the oxtail noodles in a lamb broth, and my buddy got the spicy chicken noodles (no broth). We also ordered a pancake and the big tray chicken to share (yeah, he got the spicy chicken even with the big tray chicken.. I gave him some grief for that haha).Overall, the flavors were great. The lamb broth was rich and flavorful, and the noodles were very competently prepared and cooked. The oxtail was cooked well with delicious gelatinous bits attached to the meat. Overall, the noodles were excellent.However, the star of the show was definitely the big tray chicken. I expected it to be a kick of spice and nothing but heat, but the complexity of the flavors stemming from the various spices (I detected cardamom, star anise, and sichuan peppercorns at least) combined to form a very delicious, albeit pretty spicy dish. While it wasn't as spicy as I was expecting, it still had a slow burn, and the fact that the peppers made water taste sour is always fun.Overall, I really like this place, and for the price it's definitely a great spot. Just remember to bring cash!
A large pan of spicy Chinese chicken stew with potatoes in flavorful broth (lots of spices, chilis, garlic, fennel and star anise). This dish could feed 2-3 people and it's only $12. Add $1.50 per serving of hand pulled noodles. So good! One of my favorite NYC cheap eats.
Decor: 2.5/5-the place is fairly tiny, seats maybe 16 at mostService: 2/5-service is as expected from a small restaurant. they take your order, serve food and disappear. you don't even get served waterFood: 3/5-The beef brisket was tender was flavorful-The broth was good from sour dumpling soup and goes well with the $1 pancakes (they're huge). The pork dumpling however was not as good as say Tasty Dumplings or Prosperity. I felt it was slightly oily.-The pork chop noodle soup came with two small sized pork chops but thankfully the prices were cheap ($4.95)-I wasn't really a fan of their hand pulled noodles.. they use the same dough for noodles and dumplings.
Stumbled upon this restaurant only because I was in a time crunch, and wanted something quick for lunch. My bestfriend and I got takeout. I only knew about this place because it was listed on the 100 restaurants in NY for cheap eats.  Spicy Village is hard to miss if you are not paying attention, once walk in, its like a small little shack in a wall with 4 tables with chairs for seating.  The waitresses really have a language barrier; and with my really bad mandarin i was able to ask which kind of noodles were good; the soup noddles or the hand pulled dried ones? However, Whats most well known about this place is the Big Tray of Chicken, but it costs $12.  We happened to saw some tourists ordered the big tray of chicken, which did not come with rice or anything, but just saucy spicy chicken. I think they opted for the sesame chicken instead of touching the big saucy chicken tray.  So, since we were going to get take out, my best friend and i decided to order the Spicy Lamb hand pulled noodles and the Beef Stew Hand pulled noodles! My lamb pulled noodles and hers, was very very spicy! But it was good enough to keep eating. I loved my hand pulled noodles and not so much little lamb that they gave me.  There were only 6 slices of thinly sliced lamb meat and an abundance of spicy mixed noodles in sauce.  Definitely an interesting lunch, but for $6.25 for hand pulled noodles and 6 slices of meat, I dont think it was worth it for the price.
My favorite forever and for awayssoup dumpligs..YESpepper chicken.... YESliterally ANY noodle dish... YESAND its byob?!yas queen 10/10
Big taste for big tray chicken ! I only reduce stars because I didn't love that all the chicken was deep fried.   However, do love the hole in the wall, quick service , no frills thing they have going there.  That's what New York is about... Just eat !
CHEAP AND DELICIOUS=PERFECT COMBINATION. The tray of spicy chicken w extra noodles will cost you around 15 dollars, but it will easily feed 3-4 people. On a chilly evening, this is a great place to get some spicy noodle soup. The chicken was very tender, and flavorful. The spiciness was not overwhelming, and the hand pulled noodles are a great accompaniment. I also got to try the Beef Brisket Huimei, which was also deish. If I'm back in NYC during winter, this is going to be a go-to spot.
This place was called He Nam Flavor now it is Spicy Village!I love the new name.Some renovation was done to the dining room and a small price increase. It is still great place for spicy southern Chinese dishes and a very good price.Spicy Chicken with hand-cutted noodles $6.00- delicious with tasty chicken: I ask for less hot and the chicken came out great. Hand-cutted noodles was perfectly cooked. My rating 4/5.Egg & Tomato with hand-cutted noodles $6.00- I love the combination, flavorful dish. My rating 4/5.Pork pancake $2.50- delicious shredded pork in pancake (price increase $0.50) between toasted crunchy pancake. My rating 5/5.Soup dumpling  $6 for 9- good filling with not much soup inside but delicious. My rating 4/5.
Good.-Pancake with pork ($2.50): really good. They make this fresh, and it is best to eat it when it's hot. The pork is tender and juicy, and well seasoned. The pancake/bread is light and nicely crispy. And the cilantro adds to the overall flavor. You must get this! -Tomato Egg Noodles ($5): good. The noodles are soft and freshly hand made, and the tomato and egg broth is light; it doesn't taste artificial. They also add in some shredded cucumber and some Chinese vegetables. We've ordered this as dine in and take out, and it was good either way. -Oxtail noodle soup in lamb broth: really good. The broth was light, yet full of flavor. The meat was tender and good portioned. And it had a good amount of fresh vegetables. And like the tomato egg dish, great tasting noodles. FYI, they don't serve water or tea. I didn't see anyone have it on their table. Maybe you have to ask for it? I did see some styrofoam cups off to the side.This place is pretty small and has a couple steps up before getting into the restaurant. For these reasons, I don't think this place is suitable for a stroller and/or wheelchair. But I would consider this place kid friendly. Cash only.
Don't walk too fast or else you will pass this awesome restaurant. Holding true to its name, Spicy Village serves up some good spicy numbing dishes ranging from noodles to dumplings to its famous big tray of chicken. When you walk in, quickly go to the counter and get a number because most likely there will be a wait to get a table.Pancake with Pork ($2.50) - A top recommended appetizer. The bun is very crispy and filled with flavorful meat. Though it only has a thin layer of pork, I like this one more than the similar Xian Famous Foods pork burger since the meat is juicier. (8/10)Spicy Beef Brisket Noodle ($6.25) - Loved the noodles and the beef cubes were very tender. The sauce was loaded with flavor and had some hints of herbs. It was actually not that spicy. Also the portion is huge and could be shared between 2 people. (9/10)Spicy Big Tray of Chicken ($12.95) - The mouth-watering dish Spicy Village is known for. You get a huge pan of chicken meat covered with chili oil, cumin, Szechuan peppercorns, and cilantro. Each piece was tender and tongue numbing. The addition of potatoes into the dish is a plus as it absorbs some of the chili oil sauce. Aside from the occasional bits of bone, this is worth a try. (7/10)Best part about Spicy Village is every dish on the menu except one is under $10.00 so its very affordable. Though not showy and decorated, Spicy Village serves top notch food at an efficient pace and the staff is friendly. It is perfect whether you are eating alone or with a group (but keep that group under 4 people).
Cheap, authentic, spicy, delicious. Only downside is that it's small and you'll probably have to wait. Recommend the 炸酱面 and 大盘鸡. It's cuz the noodles here are legit af.
Huge fan of hole-in-the-wall joints. I love that they show that you really don't need a lot of money for good food.That being said, don't get the dumplings. They're very thick skinned, and even the Szechuan spicy dumplings are not spicy at all. The Big Plate Chicken IS very good, though. It comes out as a sort of stew with pieces of tender chicken and potatoes in a spicy broth. Very worth your price as well.All the noodle soups are good - my party got a variety of Tomato and Egg (sounds SO weird, but it's actually very good. If you like Tomato and Egg over Rice/you're in the mood for a sweeter noodle dish, I'd recommend this.), Beef Brisket, Lamb Noodle Soup, and they were all very good. The noodles are chewy and the soup is flavorful. Drinks here are all in the fridge and for you to grab. The service is kinda crappy here, but that's to be expected. I came here with a party of 6 and they dropped our check halfway into our meal, in an attempt to expedite us (there were people waiting to be seated).
This place is perfect for someone who wants to try a Chinatown meal but doesn't want to go to the classics like Joe Shanghai. It's tiny, there's no frills. Actually no frills. Handmade noodles and *bone broth* are key words and these dishes are good, but unique. So be warned. This is not lo mein. It has a bit of cheap qual food quality and the flavors weren't exceedingly powerful. But you should go to the place - at least once - just to try. The food is ridiculously inexpensive.
Our first meal back in the US; no regrets on our choice tonight.  We got in so late, and what do you know, there was Spicy Village, right across the park from our hotel.  It was obviously a sign.  I ordered the much talked about big tray chicken with hui mei and an order of the pancake with egg.  To be honest, I'm not a meat and potatoes type of girl, so though the big tray chicken was well made, I got tired of it quickly.  Husband took no issue to polishing it off.  One criticism though is that very little noodles were given.  We had to ask for a bowl of rice.  Seeing how cheap it is to make the noodles, I don't understand.  The highlight of the meal for me was the pancake with egg.  A little more soy sauce wouldn't hurt, but the crispiness of the outer layer of the pancake was perfection.  I dipped it in the spicy chicken sauce, and it was very yummy.  Definitely recommend you try out this little hole in the wall.
I love the little gems that NYC and this is definitely one of them. The food was amazing and the environment not too overwhelming. And it's cheap!!
I had the Zha Jiang Mian noodle and plain sesame pancake. The noodle flavor is good but the portion is very small. My boyfriend walked out still hungry. The pancake when it's hot it's crispy on the outside and warm n soft on the inside. I will definitely go back again for the pancake.
So many feviews have raves about the big tray chicken that i guess i need not say more. It has a good balance of spices with sufficient amount of heat and taste of cumin. Goes well with the thick noodles (hui mian)! Equally enjoyable is the beef pancake, which was crispy on the outside and packed with juicy beef on the inside. As they are not many tables at the shop, probably best to go outside of peak hours. Also, they are a BYOB place!
Very affordable, noodles was really good. The pork bun was okay, not the best, lacked flavor and the bun was crispy but bland. But the noodles noodle noodles was great.
We went here for Da Pan Ji.  It's a craving we will have forever after our time in China.  It's big plate chicken.  This place does a pretty authentic version. We of course missed the authentic bread, and were a little disappointed that we had to order noodles separately.  It was very good.
The pancake sandwiches are really tasty here, great value. It is a tiny space, but worth the wait. Very friendly service.
I have been completely enamored with the Xiao Long Baos at Shanghai Cafe. I finally forced myself to try a new place in Chinatown. The Huimei's here are fantastic! I got the Spicy Chicken Hui-Mei. The chicken was delish and the noodles were moist, chewy and delicious.Mmmm.....
Spicy Village is a small casual Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. It's very close to Grand St station on the B and D train.It's a small place, so you will probably have to wait. We BYOB-ed and had some wine with our food. I ordered the egg and tomato noodle dish, and it reminded me of all the 'egg and tomato' dishes I had when I was in China. This restaurant is much more authentic than your typical 'lo-mein' and 'kung pao' dishes.The menu on the wall isn't exhaustive, so check out the paper menu for more options (especially if you're checking for meat-free options. Yes, they have some!).
I was very underwhelmed by the food here. My friends invited me here to eat and perhaps expectation got the better of me given the glowing review they prepared me. Because I tried four to five different dishes, my summation is overwhelming the same. I was disappointed leaving the restaurant. Price-wise, it's not expensive and therefore, three stars are given. If you're looking for value and you haven't developed a palate for Szechuan food, this establishment will do.
I've been coming to this place for years now. So often, that the owner knows my order once I sit down. I usually order the same thing. "Big Tray of Chicken" and a plate of pickled vegetables. The "Big Tray of Chicken" is a wok filled with chicken and hand-pulled noodles in a spicy delicious broth. This is a dish that you can SHARE with someone. A giant dish for for only $13. It's really cheap, for something so good. Another great thing I love about this place is that it's BYOB!Good:CHEAPBYOBBad:TINYAt times there's a wait, be prepared to roam around Chinatown for a bit.
Almost a hole in the wall shop! Small shop, hosts about 10 tables. The big tray chicken is very flavorful. You can add different types of noodles into the dish. Many tables around me added 3 different types of noodles. I also ordered a "Vegetarian Chicken" which is very authentic. Compare to other Chinatown restaurants, I was pleasantly surprised by the welcoming service. Overall, thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance and food.
Just dropped by and ordered black bean sauce Lo mein. It's delicious! I am always around here but didn't notice this spot until now. Guess I will come here more...
Something about their pancake sandwiches that is just so good!!! It's like the fluffiness of the center of the bread, the crunchiness on the outside of the bread, and the moist shredded meat in between. My mouth waters as I think about it. The noodle soups aren't as spicy as I would like it but the noodles and their broths are full of flavor. Their spicy chicken in the big pan is spicier and is absolutely delicious. Good enough for two people. Make sure to get the pancake to dip in the sauce!It's a small family business that produces good and inexpensive food. I can only imagine how crowded this place can get in the winter....
Authentic Chinese cuisines!!!!! I love their sour soup dumplings a lot !!!! I almost cried as it was the best Chinese food I have even tasted since I came to US half a year ago. -review from native Chinese born in north part of mainland China
Yes yes yes step right up to this nice Hole in the wall. Great place for spicey noodles and other pancake dishes.
Big pan chicken was pretty solid. My only complaint, and this is kind of a weird one is that it wasn't hot enough, and by that I mean temperature (though it's not really that spicy either). It was sort of lukewarm which is weird.Their noodles are pretty solid. Great texture.
The pancake for pork is to die for! It's the best pancake with pork I ever had. Once you get it, it's best to eat it right away. And it's only for $2.50!
Really good food at a great price.  Somewhat hard to find as it fits the classic hole-in-wall gem stereotype.  Reminds me a lot of Xian Famous Foods, but less commercial.   Seems family run and was very friendly.  The Big Tray Chicken is great - chicken pieces in a thin spicy cumin sauce with potatoes, similar to a Vietnamese Pho Bo if it was a sauce instead of a stew.  Enough for 2-3 people.  You have to add rice or noodles to it, but still a great deal.  The noodles are thick and chewy.  Finally the beef pancake is great - it's sort of mashed so has interesting texture but also makes it easier to eat in pancake form.  Really rich and also has a good cumin flavor.  Will definitely have to come back and now want to try the rest of the menu.
So cheap so cheap!  I love it when I can stuff my face for a pretty price of $11.Situated on a quiet block in Chinatown, this place is nondescript but probably has enough options to feed a (Spicy) Village.  We made reservations for 8 people and happily ordered Oxtail Soup, Beef Brisket Soup, Spicy Chicken Tray, Pork sandwich, Bok Choy.The broths were flavorful and meaty , the noodles were done with the right consistency.  I found the broths less oily than the broth (let's face it, there really is just one broth at Xi'an) and the noodles more chewable than the noodles at Xi'an.  However I think I still prefer the meat, and the pork buns at Xi'an.  The pork buns here had awesome breading but the filling was a bit lacking in flavor and mass.My favorite dish was the beef.  Spicy chicken was okay, the broth was complex and interesting but the chicken was very bland.Overall would come here again to order the rest of the menu!
Time of Day: I went on a Thursday evening at 10:30pm.Food: Pancake with Pork - This was so delicious! The "pancake" was just the perfect amount of crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The pork stuffed in the pancake was very well seasoned and tender. Overall very tasty.Spicy Chicken Hui Mei - Very Spicy but not overbearing. This was very delicious! The noodles were soft and cooked just right. The Spicy chicken was very good and the spicy seasoning sauce that smothered everything was strong but very tasty as well.Service:I called ahead to pick up this order but ended up eating it there because there was an empty table. The food was already ready when I got there. Employees were very nice. Atmosphere:Small place maybe sits 18 people. Has a fast food Chinese take-out feel and look.Cost:Pancake with Pork = $2.50Spicy Chicken Hui Mei = $5.50Final Thoughts:Based on this experience this place gets a 8.5/10 in my book. The price is right and the food was delicious. Will certainly come back and try other things on the menu.*** Pictures below: I originally ordered my food to go hence the tupperware. Why not 5 Stars?The food I had was great but this place wouldn't go down as top favorites YET. Lets see what future visits have in store.
This place is literally a hole in the wall and not very noticeable until you read the great reviews. They don't serve water with the meal and if you want a drink, you grab it yourself in the fridge. The hui Mei (hand pulled noodles) has a nice chewy texture and went well with the beef brisket and spicy broth. The pepper chicken with white rice was so yummy and had a hint of sweetness. The pancake with pork was okay, the skin was crispy. I would go back but would prefer to do take out instead of eating in.
$5 for a solid lunch, who can beat that? Couple of my chinese coworkers convinced me to do a lunch delivery from Spicy village today. This is probably the best chinese noodle disk I ever had. The food arrived hot and fresh from chinatown in no time.I ordered the Spicy Vegetable Huimei. The noodle was handmade, the sauce was very flavorful and had a delicious spicy kick to it. The dish had some great tasting tofus, soft mushroom, fresh bok choy, cilantro. The portion was very good for lunch.I still can't believe I paid $5+tip for the amount and quality of food I ate today. Definitely ordering from them again.
Undoubtedly one of the best value:quality ratios in the city.The decor and service is standard chinatown spartan, so don't expect intimate or romantic dining with overly attentive and accommodating service. Do, however, expect an amazing amount of taste for exceptionally low prices. While the menu is relatively expansive (though not by it's cantonese cousin restaurants standards) there are justca handful of dishes that are truly exceptional. Not surprsingly, the Big Tray Chicken is a must-have, but so is the chive and scallion spice dumplings, the Spice Beef Brisket Hui Mei, and the Pork Pancake.While the rest of the dishes are certainly decent, they are not defining and, in general, better iterations can be found elsewhere. For the above, however, this is just not true. Skip the soup dumplings though, they are deflated and flavorless, clearly it's not their forte and instead feels like a last-minute add-on in an attempt to capitalize on a recent food fad. Nonetheless, order the above, grab some beer up the street (it's BYOB) and settle into one of the most satisfying meals in NY. The best part? When the check arrives and you realize how little it all cost.
This place is so random.  It is way off the beaten path from where I normally hang out in Chinatown and way too close to the LES for my comfort.  However, one of my friends who works in the area was raving about the place, there was a car involved so I didn't have to commute there, and at the end of the day, I love down home Chinese food.  It's a pride thing.Spicy Village is known for their homemade noodles, their dumplings, and this dish that is literally called " Big Dish of Chicken" or something very close to that name.  5 of us ordered spicy braised beef over noodles, lamb over noodles, dumplings, spicy dumplings ( which btw, is the exactly same dumplings with spicy sauce on top... just fyi), the big dish of chicken ( I mean, c'mon...it's just fun or should I say funny?), and the pork pancake.Out of all those dishes, my favorites would have to be the dumplings and the pork pancake.  The rest was okay, but nothing I'd have to venture deep into Chinatown to get.  I did like the noodles in the spicy braised beef dish though - it had a nice chewy texture, the al dente version of a chinese noodle I suppose.  The noodles in the lamb dish on the other hand was a bit too soft and mushy for my taste.  It also didn't help that the broth tasted like watered down lamb with a oily aftertaste.  Just not my cup of tea.  I had some of the chicken, but the fact that I can barely remember it, well, I think that says more than enough.  One of my friends said it had good flavor.  Take that for what it's worth.Oh, but the pork pancake.  Why am I such a sucker for the simple but well made things in life?  Give me a hot crispy chewy outer layer and a salty meaty filling, and I am over the moon.  It could have had more pork (Spicy Village, are you reading this?) but I still liked it the way it was.The dumplings were also really good.  The skin wasn't too thick or too thin, but just right.  Again, in order to get here, I have to pass by not only Tasty Dumplings, but the one on Doyer street, and then really close to here is Prosperity Dumpling, so... you can see the dilemma of a return trip.Prices are really cheap here though.  There was a wait at 9pm on a Tuesday night.  And, even though there are only probably 20 seats max, the mix of people who came through that night while I was eating there was a spectacle in itself.  ps. oh i forgot we also ordered an appetizer that was basically pickled cucumbers with red pepper flakes.  I think it's an acquired taste that I definitely have not acquired, but I kept eating it anyway.  It is possible that I was just really hungry.
My favorite hand-pull noodle place! I recommend the pancake w beef, spicy beef brisket hui mei, lamb hui mei in broth, and spice scallion dumplings!
Tomato and egg is a humble dish that I often found my mom or dad cooking when I was growing up.  It doesn't call for many ingredients, and the ingredients are inexpensive and plentiful.  Cooking was once a scary thing to me, so my parents had me make the omelet to be cut into pieces and not the actual sauce.  After many tries and watching dad, I made some pretty good omelets and graduated to making the tomatoes and egg sauce.  It comes as a surprise for me to see this simple yet satisfying dish represented in Henan cooking.  I've seen it on the menu at Uncle Zhou's and most recently had some at Spicy Village, not over rice but over handmade noodles.I can say, after taking my first bite this dish instantly brought back memories and so flavorful and satisfying was it that I was comforted immediately.  They put very thinly sliced sticks of cucumbers and the tomato and egg is on one side of the noodles.  Listed on the menu says dry noodles so there is no soup, you mix the noodles with the sauce all for $5.00.  These big old noodles are beautiful with unevenness of a hand creation and thick and chunky, so perfect for this dish.  I have never had tomato and egg on noodles, as rice is a perfect vehicle for this as it soaks up the sauce nicely, but the noodles did the same and it was oooh so delish!Sis had the spicy vegetarian dry noodles for $5.00.  They had a good amount of spiced tofu slices, wood ears, and the same thick noodles as my dish, it was spiced with cumin.   My sis hates cumin and it was too bad, because the dish looked really good.  She ate most of it anyway.  We also had boiled vegetarian dumplings.  The dumplings were thick, doughy and fresh.  The sweet soy sauce in the cleaned out sriracha bottles is delish mixed with the chili oil.  Hmm-mmm!  You get 12 vegetarian dumplings for $5.00. On another occasion I came and had the ja jeung noodle for $5.00 on a takeout order.  I had to travel far, so by the time I got to the noodles, they were only warm and the clumped together.  These noodles are starchy, so best eat them as soon as you can.  Still good flavor with the ja jeung noodles.  It came with baby bok choy, thin slivers of cucumber and the minced meat sauce.  I also had an opportunity to see a whole tray of those big, beautiful pancakes.  Oh hurt me!  The lady said the pancake stuffed with pork is a favorite among customers.  The pancakes are a very good size and they are all handmade.The ladies that work here are hardworking and pleasant.  Though they speak Mandarin, two of them speak and understand English very well.  On the side is a small refrigerator of beverages.  The place is clean, with tables covered in contact paper.  Regular, bad décor, but don't mind the zero decorating.  Just come for the food.
Best hole-in-the-wall Chinese.This is my "secret" go to for cheap hole-in-the-wall Chinese. It also has a A sanitation grade, check!Be sure to try the spicy chicken dish. Their hand-pulled noodles dishes are also great, but the ox tail version is a bit skimpy and I suggest choosing one of the others. Their seaweed is also on thick side, which I'm not a fan of.Be aware, the staff does not speak good English (or rather if you don't speak good Mandarin), so pointing at the pictures helps.
Walked right in and got seated.Party of two FTW!Here's how it went:"Let's order the BIG TRAY OF CHICKEN! I heard it's the thing to get here.""Sounds great!""Wait, that DRY BRISKET HUIMEI sounds delish. I want that.""Oh. Ok...""Maybe we should order some DUMPLINGS too, right?""Er. Wait...""OH! And a PANCAKE WITH PORK for good measure!""What?!""And then we can order dumplings to go. For the road.""..."This happened weeks ago.I still have the food coma.xx
What made spicy village stand out from its neighbors is the focus on chicken, oxtail and lamb, which is a refreshing break from pork and beef (what you find in most noodle establishments). Consider it a legitimate Xian foods competitor.They provide a fair/acceptable noodle by any measure: noodles, broth, toppings, seasonings, price and service.It's pretty good but mostly, I go for the different taste.Bonus: Spicy Village also completes my triumvirate of villages in the Chinatown area (congee, noodle and spicy).
Spicy Village definitely looks like a Chinatown hole in the wall, with paper menus, mismatched tables to seat about 10 people total in tight quarters, and food served on plastic plates. But don't discount the lackluster atmosphere...the food is really good, especially for the inexpensive prices!I highly recommend the Steamed Pork Dumplings (you get about 12 of them) and also the Soup Dumplings. The Big Tray of Chicken is definitely spicy...I had to ask for a side of plain white rice to go with them. You can definitely feast for about $10 a person.
SO GOOD. Get the spicy chicken noodles! They are heavenly. This place is like Xian famous foods but only better, yummier and cheaper! (although the decor is not as nice). I'll definitely come back.
I ordered like 4 things off the menu.. And the taste was all average.. Would not go back just because there was a thick black hair inside my noodle soup~
This place is small and gets pack quickly during dinnertime. I had the spicy chicken noodle. The noodles were wide, has a great chew and springiness. Broth was tasty and refreshing. The chicken is the real highlight. It's a little crispy and flavorful. Overall, I love the noodle soup and it's great during the winter season.
I've passed by this place many many times but never had the guts to step inside and have a meal because you really can't see the inside of the restaurant from outside and it was kind of intimidating. Last night, on my way to Prosperity Dumplings for my frozen dumplins, decided to stop by to have a quick dinner. The place is not big, maybe 12-15 can fit in there and there is no such thing as 'atmosphere' nor decor as expected in a hole-in-the-wall kind of restaurant in Chinatown. However, what really made this place stand out from other Chinese restaurants I've been to in the area was that once you step in, the owner lady greets you with a welcoming and warm SMILE saying "Ni Hao" which is pretty rare as most staff in Chinese restaurants in Chinatown tend to have a bland or slightly pissed off look on their face for some unknown reason. Sat down, looked over the menu and decided to get the Dry Spicy Braised Brisket Hui Mei which are noodles that are much wider than the knife-cut ones with just a little bit of broth in them.  I also ordered the Pancake with Egg. Pancake with Egg was nothing special and was basically a fried egg between a slightly dry Pancake (didn't like it). However, the noodles were definitely spot on. The noodles had a chewy and firm texture which was nice and I loved how I was able to taste all the ingredients and spices in those noodles. The noodles also contained generous amounts of brisket, cilantro, and seaweed. Portion is very generous overall.Left the restaurant happy and can't wait to return in the future to try their infamous Spicy Chicken Plate I heard so many good things about. **CASH-ONLY****Restrooms Available, just ask them**
Excellent prices, I will get the homemade dumplings again.
I can't really say anything new or different from other reviews. It was delicious, affordable, authentic, and a nice mix (in my opinion) of cuisines from different regions, given Henan's central location. And I would add that if you get noodles, get them dry (ie no broth). I think you get a better concentration of the spicy, almost Sichuan heat and savoriness. Finally, the yelp profile says it's not good for groups, but if you're willing to wait (they were nice enough to just call us up while we drank at Fontanas) it's probably one of the best ways to have a great dinner with friends. Plus, BYOB.
I don't have anything original to add here, just wanna confirm my flourishing love for this spot. I've come back here on multiple occasions, makes for a perfect cheap dinner hole in the wall. Beware it's cash only and gets packed around 7, so you may end up hanging around for twenty minutes or so, completely worth it though. It's BYOB, and there's a Chinese supermarket at Forsyth and Grand that has $7 sixpacks. The staff is very friendly and sweet (a bit unusual for Chinatown).The reason why the food is so great I think is because it does taste authentic and fresh. In terms of the level of spicy, you really have to specify when you order. Just confirm that you want it to be darn spicy (or not, up to you). My favorite are the lamb noodles (not in soup). They still come with plenty of delicious broth, cilantro, veggies, and the heavenly noodles. I also like to get their Chinese salad, which consists of pickled Chinese cucumber, see grass and pickled tofu.Oh and a dinner for two will run you for a little over $20 with tip!
I love the hand pulled noodles egg and tomato I have to visit here every single time I'm in NY and I recommend this place to all of my friends!
I always ask them for extra Sichuan peppercorn in their chicken tray. I take the leftovers to go and add noodles to it. Still tastes yummy!
Though I have no original additions to add to my review of Spicy Village (everyone else said it: order the Spicy Big Tray Chicken with noodles) I will say that this is one of those New York places that needs to make it to the list you file away in your head of places in the city that are real, authentic, affordable, and delicious. Spicy Village is one of those finds. I was worried that Mark Bittman's review (nytimes.com/2013/11/17/m…;) might have pushed this spot into the complacency that comes with that kind of recognition, but they remain a humble operation that puts flavor and preparation at the forefront. Don't expect ambience. Do be prepared to sit elbow-to-elbow with a stranger slurping down some complex, interesting stuff. Oh--and it might be worth your while to do a little light reading on the Xinxiang province before you take your first bite of chicken: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xi… . This region, which is the home of the big tray chicken's style, has strong ties to the 8 or so countries it borders. Its unique geography really shines through in the spicy, bold flavor of the broth--the dish feels like a brilliant (and rare) lovechild between middle eastern and east asian cuisine.
There are three dishes that my boyfriend and I always share here, the big tray chicken with noodles, pork pancake, and the cold cucumber. This is a humble little restaurant across the park, that can be easily overlooked. You'd be surprised how long the wait could be on the weekends though. If you want to avoid the wait, come early for dinner. There aren't many seats in the restaurant. We always pick up a drink from the store at the corner of the block. The servers here aren't attentive, but they aren't rude either. They don't serve water unless requested, and they don't mind if you bring your own drinks. So, on to our favorite dish- the popular big tray chicken with noodles, it's flavorful, spicyyy, and delicious! The noodles are cooked perfectly. The chicken is well marinated and fried. The pork pancake is crunchy and tasty. To add flavor we dip it in the chicken sauce.This place is easily better than Xi An.
Delicious, inexpensive noodles that have a lighter flavor than expected. Get the cold cucumber appetizer to complement the heat of the noodles!
Since there's a lack of awesome Szechuan restaurants in the DC Metropolitan area, I was excited to try the variety of different Chinese foods in Chinatown NYC.  Aileen W. and I dined with a friend and after sitting down and looking at the menu, a server never greeted us whatsoever.  Our friend had to go up to the counter to order for us.  We ordered the big plate of chicken, beef brisket with noodles, and pork pancakes.The big plate of chicken had the "numbing spice" was huge enough to share amongst a group of at least 4.  I didn't like noodles in the because I'm not a fan of hui mei noodles... but the beef brisket itself was tender and chewy!  I loved the pork pancakes -- the bun was super crispy (just the way I like it) and our friend made his own dipping sauce which made it taste even better!The server finally came to check on our table when we were 3/4 done with our meal.  You can definitely get an inexpensive, delicious meal here for less than $10/per person!  I'll definitely keep this on my list to try again whenever I'm in the city!
I'm addicted to their big tray chicken with knife-cut noodles. The bf loves the pork sandwiches more than the ones they sell at Xi'an noodles.
I'm not sure what the hype about this place is.  Prices are low (not super cheap), and the food was meh.  The large tray of chicken was filled with chicken which seems like the leftovers of some other meal, and the noodles on top was a tiny serving.  Did not feel it was worth the $15.  The xialongbaos, the skin were too thick, so nothign special there.  While the prices were low, you would expect them to be given the location, ambiance.  And then top it off, the food just wasn't that great.
At best - it's an alright western chinese restaurant utilizing lots of cumin and has lots of lamb.  It's a small hole in the wall that has several tables for 4 people, that can beak down into small 2 people tables.  There's a picture menu on the wall as well as a menu given to you.  I came in with 2 friends and they were ordering and order and ordering...i had no idea what they ordered since they speak Mando and they were ordering off menu items.  Overall the food was pretty good - although something that had lamb in it was a lot more gamey than I'd like.  Service was quick - food was pretty good - overall 3 stars!
Given the reviews, I was expecting it to be stellar. I'm a big fan of Western Chinese food, though I'm not sure if this is my first exposure to Uighur food or not. The wait was long, so we just got take out and brought it home. The problem is, with this kind of cuisine, it's really gotta be hot and fresh, and it had cooled somewhat. Not sure if it would have been much better right out of the kitchen though. I found the noodles bland for my taste. It was cheap though and I'd give it another try.
Great dumplings unlike other places where the dumplings are dry and stale. I had some other items that were great as well. Stay away from the seafood though. Affordable and a lot of food. The waitress was in too much of a hurry to give us the check.
This place. It's all about the wide hand-pulled noodles. You can get it in almost any permutation and combination. Just close your eyes and imagine. I know most people who came here would advise you to get the Big Tray Chicken with a serving of noodles, but thats not what I'm going to do. I'm here to extol the goodness of the Spicy Vegetable Hui Mei. First things first, it's not spicy. But it more than makes up for it with chinese lily buds, tofu, bok choy, and black fungus. In my books, it's an extremely balanced and well thought out dish.Cash only.
all white hipsters now but the place hasn't changed one bit. owners kids running around. excellent cheap noodle soups. comp to xian, spicy. Spicy chicken and jajangmyun. Cash only.
New found awesome noodle place.So it's Friday when I step into this place by accident.As I was on my way to my favorite cheap food place in ctown ($4 meal) :D, I saw this place in the sketchy place next to the park. I was wrong, it's totally not sketchy when I was reading their menu outside. Please don't mistaken by their sign, They serve non spicy noodle too and awesome pork pancake bun. Price wise, it's super cheap for a huge bowl of noodle $6 and $3 for pancake bun. With a dollar tip, you can leave with $10 and a full happy belly. I want to go back for their chicken noodle dish that everyone else order but my lamb noodle was good too.well space is small just want you to know. If you plan to bring a bunch of people, you should order to go and seat in the park and watch people play handball. Definitely not a date place. Definitely not a place to impress your out of town guest. DEFINITELY a place to cheap out on your girlfriend. Definitely a place for a cheap dish.
I took my buddies to Chinatown on my half day from work. Took them to a Far Eats movement tour. Henan Flavor was our first stop. We did not have lunch so our stomachs were primed with natural juices ;) We worked up a huge appetite by walking from the WTC Path. I 'accidentally' took a wrong turn and had us walk .5 more miles before we got there. It was a warm day outside and it smelled really rank out there. Once inside the nasty smell was gone and we concentrated on ordering. Thank goodness the food came out really fast. We ordered the pork pancake and we devoured it within a minute. The cilantro's freshness tasted really good. The next thing out was the dumplings.  It came out in a bamboo steamer with cabbage on the bottom. Tasted alright, comparable to package dumplings I always eat. Then the brisket soup and the big plate of chicken showed up. They never had a chance. The gwilows I took really enjoyed the 'exotic taste'.I like this place better than Xian's because it less greasy and they have tables that can hold around 4 people for my tours. I don't like to share the table with strangers because my reptilian brain tells me that I am territorial and I'm fat. Luckily, not fat enough to buy two seats for plane ride.
I am almost hesitant to write a review because I do not want this place to become more popular than it is.  Fresh, delicious, authentic and friendly.  I would recommend to try everything especially the lamb broth soup and three type salad.  There is not much to complain about.  Hidden gem!
BYOB. Hole in the wall, tasty, new york chinese spot. This restaurant does all of those things well. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu here. The pork and beef pancakes, noodles and dumplings are all can't go wrong selections. On a tues night at 11pm, this place is slammed. That's all you need to know. It's that good.
Update Jan 2013**Came back to try their big tray of chicken. Fricking delicous, numbing peppers, make sure you get rice or some pancakes to dip into the sauce! This is their signature dishAlso tried their dry spicy noodles with brisket and it was just meh. ***Ive been looking for a place with proper hand cut thick noodles and this place makes them decentlyService: 2.5/5No water service, tea costs 50cFriendlyDecor: 3/5 - there are around 4 tables for around 2-4 people each- photos of their popular dishes are on the wallFood: 3.5/5Beef brisket soup noodle $5 (small)- soup was fairly plain- brisket was tender and flavorful- noodles were chewy, pretty decent hand cut noodles- i wish they had pickled greens to go on the top. Pancakes- people get these to dip into their soup or to mop up the sauce from other dishes, crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, made wellBeing a really cold night, I opted for the soup noodle instead of their more famous dishes such as the spicy mixed dry noodles, pork burger and their big spicy chicken, i'll be back to try these, and update accordingly
What a delightful recommendation from The Gothamist.I liked Spicy Village more than Xi'an Famous Foods.  The Spicy Vegetable Hui Mei was delicious and provided more ingredients like tofu and mushrooms than Xi'an Famous Foods.  The portion size was excellent for $5.50.  and their menu offers a wider range of choices, including Vegetable dumplings for the vegetarian.Service was friendly.  I ordered my food to-go at 1:30PM on a Wednesday.  I had to wait about 10-15 minutes for my food, since they were steadily busy.  So if you have to walk here, place your order on the phone first and save some time.Delicious.  A new regular spot for lunch.  :)
Good reasonable prices for food.  The wait was a little long for a to go order. The food itself was okay, not spicy considering the super spicy dish was their recommendation. I would probably try some other dishes before I pass any further judgement, but there are better choices in the area for soup and dumplings.
It's a weird thing, slightly ghetto looking FJ Chinatown stuff meets NYTimes-reading crowd. The food is great, however, so that's where everyone's in agreement. As everyone says, we liked the big tray of chicken with their homemade noodles mixed in. But to be honest, the noodles themselves were the best part, rather than the chicken. I could have eaten two orders of noodles with just the sauce. The chicken was cheap, little odds and ends hacked up and all bony. You could argue that this is to give the soup taste, but in that case they should debone it ahead of time, cook the sauce with the bones, then put just the meat in the stew.And so, so cheap. Also BYO. So really, can't go wrong with this place. They shuffled us around a lot to accommodate new tables, but for like $17 to feed 3, who's complaining?
Beef brisket hand cut noodle soup in beef broth... you have broth options (17 on the menu) perfect on a cold winter night and delicious. Very flavorful broth. Will be back to try the pork pancake, was eyeing the next table but too full. P.S. it a BYOB and has both hot oil and Sriracha sauce.
I love this place. It's not pretty, but your not going here for the ambiance. Spicy village has fantastic noodles, and zero attitude. Get the scallion noodle, it's the best! The soup dumpling are ok, and the chicken platter is also ok. The noodles though!! Also, its byob...so do that! 4 stars for insanely good hand pulled noodles, they keep me comin back. and sooo cheap!! did I mention that!?
This is another official, small table, Chinese noodle spot. I came here with a buddy after drinking and didn't know what to expect. To our surprise it was full! Good sign.We waited for about 5 min for a table before getting seated. The menu is simple but it's because every dish is a masterpiece. I got the Spicy Vegetable Hui Mei (thick flat noodles). It was amazing. The noodles were fresh with a good texture, the veggies and tofu were well seasoned an the bit of broth they had in bowl was savory and spicy.  We also shared an order of soup dumplings. They too were awesome. They had a good dough to meat ratio and the perfect amount of soup inside.As with all good hole in the wall noodle spots it's cash only and BYOB. This is a great spot to grab a bowl of noodles in Chinatown that still maintains is authenticity and has a menu full of flavorful and tasty options.
big-tray-chicken comes as described, so make sure you share it with 2 other people. the dumplings were awesome as well. lots of flavor, lots of cumin, but with the right balance of flavors. can't go wrong here. enjoy
Another great dining experience at Spicy Village. This time we had dinner here with another couple so we can order some more dishes like the big dish of chicken! The big dish of chicken was a great deal and it had wads of dark chicken with potatoes - definitely pretty spicy.  One thing that made it a great experience was the chinese drinks! I grew up drinking Chrysanthemum tea, herbal jelly drink, etc. I would definitely recommend to others who are curious to give it a try. Especially with how spicy some of these dishes were, 4 of us had 6 drinks total to battle the spiciness.
Tried the big tray chicken and felt like eating some leftover meat. Hand pull noodle was mushy and sticky. Will not come back.
Spicy brisket hui mei (dry noodles) are simple and delicious! Tender beef brisket, knife cut noodles, baby bok choy and seaweed with a a spicy sauce. Mmmmm! I've also tried the big tray chicken, hui mei with black bean sauce and cold app trio. All equally delicious as the above. Hard to go wrong here for the price.
this is my haunt. don't tell anyone. whenever i'm feeling down, sick or just cheap... this is my savior. i frequent here with Ron C.- we order the same thing all the time. "Big Tray of Chicken" is our go-to! with a '40 in hand... we laugh and talk sh!t about people while feasting on some cheap & delicious food. something that will numb your lips and tongue; it's one of the best dishes in Chinatown you can find for $6.50 a person. this Big Tray of Chicken i speak of? imagine a dingy wok. thick and broad noodles (hand pulled!) and pieces of chicken (in bone) & potatoes swimming in a mind numbingly spicy ass broth. you can see all the peppercorns bobbing up and down in there. the Pork Pancake Sandwiches are hella bomb, too. just order a bunch of random sh!t when you're feeling baller that day (b/c everything is so cheap... you feel rich!)i HATE that this place gets so packed. it's been written up many times and the foodie world is in-the-know now! ughhhh. also, if you're ever going to date my ass and you CAN'T eat spicy food...? *face palm to the face* get outta heaaaa! the service is spotty. sometimes grumpy. you're in Chinatown, kid.
The storefront is tiny and unassuming - in fact, I walked passed it at first and had to backtrack to find the place. The interior is very humble. There's only about a dozen seats, and the tables are covered in the kind of cabinet liners you can buy at Walmart. The noodles though are phenomenal and amazingly cheap. Spicy Village specializes in "huimian" which is a style of braised noodles hailing from Henan Province (the menu calls it "huimei" which I assume is how it's pronounced in the Henan dialect). Go for the lamb huimian: thick-cut noodles with bok choy, kelp, a good dose of cilantro (in my opinion, the essential ingredient for any successful Chinese noodle dish), and loads of sliced lamb. For those familiar with Xi'an Famous Foods, the noodles are similar in taste, but without the cumin. I see that a lot of other Yelpers rave about their big tray chicken - guess I'll have to go back to try that.
In a way, Spicy Village makes me think of what Xi'an Famous Foods was like when it first started a long time ago, way before it was a hip place to eat.  They serve several similar dishes and make their own hand-pulled noodles, too.  They also serve the same stewed pork "burger," and I must admit that the "burger" here is way better than Xi'an's.If you're looking for something different, cheap, and spicy, give this place a try  The space is small, so if it's packed, be prepared to wait.  Note it is cash only.
I may be in the minority here since I thought the pork pancake was best and the big tray chicken second best, but they were both really, really good.  I'm looking forward to trying more of their stuff.
The big tray of chicken with hand pulled noodles is flavorful (cumin, scallion, cilantro, peppers) and filling - more than enough for two people and under $15. Not too spicy - could use more heat in fact, although I have a pretty high spice tolerance. We even had a whole serving left over. The egg pancake is pretty forgettable but I'd come back for noodles and chicken! My friend and I were seated right away at 7pm on a Monday but it took about 15-20 to get our food after we ordered, and there was a line for tables by the time we finished.
Went in on a rainy Saturday just before 6PM. Take away.No line, rather quiet. Ordered the Beef Brisket Huimei with lamb broth.Noodles were perfectly done, beef was tender, broth was heavenly.The same goes to the Lamb Huimei. Haven't tried the spicy chicken tray yet, so I don't know what the hype is all about. Will probably try it some time and update.
I am obsessed with their ox tail hui mei (hand pulled noodles with ox tail in a lamb broth). The big tray chicken is also really good. I recommend getting takeout if you can- dining in is a super slow experience (takes about 20-25 minutes to get the food), and the decor leaves much to be desired.
Perfect hole in the wall. The pancake with pork and the oxtail Hui Mei were both outrageous and had me tempted to order more so I could further explore the menu.  Incredible value too...$6.50 for a big bowl of goodness.  Must return...with friends.
Not authentic big tray kitchen. Not at all. But it doesn't taste too bad. Big tray chicken is a western Chinese food, in Xinjiang province. And the kitchen people here are all seems southern Chinese. It's like eating Mexican made Japanese food.
Now I only tried two dishes (grilled chicken with a pancake, and double spicy handmade vegetable noodles) which may not be able to justify this 5.However, the food I experienced was definitely above average and authenticly Chinese, despite the large american crowd there. The chicken was a little sweet.Additionally, while the real-estate of this restaurant was small and homey, the staff their did their best to situate us in their fully filled restaurant. Devising a way for us to share our table. Their willingness to accommodate us is the main reason for this score. I had a good experience :)
Ordered the pancake with pork, spicy lamb omasa hui mei, and the spicy big tray chicken.  Excellent food at bargain-basement prices.
This is one of those places that I compulsively recommend and then later wish i hadn't because I can't get a table. lamb, cumin and Szechuan pepper rule the best dishes on the menu as the owners apparently hail from an Islamic Chinese region. The chicken dish is hearty and benefits from the addition of hand pulled noodles. Do not, what ever you do, fail to add an order of the lamb sandwich. Dumplings, the normal staple of Chinatown, while not terrible, can be skipped as there are so many more exciting dishes that you can't find elsewhere...and with the price point you can afford to experiment!
Yummy! Tiny space - a friend and I came early and got seated quickly. Pork pancake is so delicious - meaty & flavorful with the perfect amount of savory spice and a toss of fresh cilantro. Beef hui mei also hits the spot - tender beef, couple pieces of choy, and plenty of fresh, springy noodles that only got better as I got to the bottom of the bowl where they were absorbing the liquid. Def be generous in adding in some of that housemade chili oil - perfect meal, and for a price that can't be beat.
4.5 really- The star is the big tray chicken. Insanely flavorful chicken and sauce is served in a large pan family style. It's gussied up with some nicely braised potatoes and finished with a handful of chopped cilantro leaves. YOU MUST get the noodles as an add-on- fantastic home-made versions that cling to the sauce like long lost lovers. We had a couple pork pancakes- FANTASTIC with the table sauce which resembles chili oil mixed with butter. BYOB for those that want to bring a couple bottles of scotch. Prices are very reasonable. Eat here.
Ordered the spicy chicken with lamb broth with vermicelli and the oxtail with beef broth and potato noodles. Great combo! The flavorsome lamb broth was 7/10 in spiciness but the chicken was somewhat less spicy. (BTW had more of a chili flavor than peppercorn.) The beef broth was equally tasty. Must say that there wasn't that much chicken, lots of bone, and the chicken was bony--oxtail even more so. But hey, each was only $6 and there were a good amount of perfectly cooked noodles.
Great tasting Chinese food, fresh, clean and full of flavor, the price is even better. Very satisfied!
I liked the place so much the first time I came back with 2 friends for dinner. The food was definitely not as good this go-round. The veggies were not fresh and it seemed to be lacking some flavor. I felt like such a jackass after hyping the place up to my friends, who were not impressed at all. Now they wont trust my food recommendations ever again. I came for the noodles, and left with a broken friendship :(
What a great meal! Took my family here on a hot summer night and they sat us right away and brought us pitchers of water. Started with dumplings-- by far the best pork dumplings any of us have ever had. Noodles with spicy brisket were out of this world and my kids loved their sesame chicken and noodle soup. Also had a spicy chicken stir fry but we saw others in the place that had other kinds of spicy, stewed meats -- next time. We would've been willing to pay double what we did but got out of there at $35 for a family of 5Outstanding experience!
The big tray of chicken will change your life forever. The hand-pulled noodles, the roasted garlic, the delicious potatoes and the oh-so-tender chicken make for the perfect dish.  The dumplings are also delicious, so are the pancakes.A group of 6 friends and I came to this place a few weeks ago. The servers were extremely polite and big smiles brightened their faces. We ordered 2-3 big dishes, 2 types of dumplings and one appetizer--we had left over food and our bill came out to less than $50. Spicy Village is the quintessential incredible food, hole-in-the-wall experience. Stop what you are doing and go there immediately.
Spicy lamb noodles (not soup) were ok.  Lamb could be better and had to add spicy by second bite.The vegetable/pork steamed dumplings were tasty (9 for 3 bucks).Small place, gets crowded quick.
I was looking forward to try this hole in the wall kind of place nearby chinatown after it's listed in eater.com for its spicy dish, i should've known better it's just a typical but i was hoping otherwise! it's a small place w 6 small tables, service was brief and quick, we ordered pork pancake, lamb hui mein (noodle soup), soup dumplings and my vegetarian chicken pulled noodle. we came hungry and waited shortly, but we did not finished any of the dishes(that's def a bad sign when we both came hungry). the most disappointing dish among all was lamb noodle soup, it's supposed to be one of the signature dish, but not only the lamb was dry but also the soup was like boiling water, there were much taste to it, and I had these noodles else where, the broth was so much better at one of the places at flushing.  I like the handpulled noodle's texture and thickness, but again, there's only so much i can eat without much taste but a hint of chili to it.  And for the soup dumpling, it was all nice, fluffy and juicy at the beginning, halfway into the dinner, they all becamed sappy and shrank tremendously, no more juice on my last bite of the dumpling ;(. pork pancake was alright, but i did not like the fact the pork is all mashed up in between the sandwich!  I prob won't come back here again even though it's pretty cheap dinner!
This place is super tiny and super cheap - my chinatown dining partner and I came here on a Tuesday night around 7 and grabbed the last table - there were only about 6 or 7 tables in the entire restaurant.Service is what it always is in Chinatown, brief and to-the-point.We ordered the big tray of chicken (yes, this is what it is called) and A2 (can't remember what this was called, something like spicy chicken stir fry) and noodles with vegetables.Everything was quite tasty - A2 (which was like $6.25) was my favorite dish, it was super savory and flavorful. The rice was perfectly cooked and super delicious too.The big tray of chicken was HUGE and well seasoned - there were chunks of chicken and potatoes in it, in a salty soup broth. I liked the dish a lot HOWEVER the chicken was super boney and of a pretty low quality. Nonetheless, I enjoyed it.The last dish was the vegetable noodles. These were good, but there was some spice or herb that I really disliked in the dish. I can't really fault the dish for that, it was still good, and I can't quite place it, but there was definitely something off about it.I'll definitely come back. We ended up spending like $13 per person on a ridiculous amount of food.
I'd heard a lot about Spicy Village and was pleased that it's near my favorite dumpling place in the city--I guess you'll have to read my other reviews if you're curious--because I picked up some frozen ones on my way home. The space is small, so you definitely want to get there by 6:30 p.m., even on M-F, but that being said, turnover is rapid, and I can't see the wait being too ridiculous.Two friends and I shared a Big Tray of Chicken + Noodles (~$14 including the addition of noodles), pork pancake ($2.75), and spicy beef brisket noodles ($6.75). The Big Tray of Chicken was awesomely flavorful with tender chunks of chicken thigh and leg. My only suggestion is that they stew the potato chunks longer so they're actually soft. Pork pancake was also delicious, and it's probably best shared between two people as a side because between the three of us, I didn't feel like I got quite as much as I wanted. I recommend eating it as soon as it's served, so the pancake is at its crispiest! The beef brisket noodles were generous with the beef but lacking in flavor, especially in comparison to the chicken. I'd skip it unless you're really craving beef. Bottom line? Get the Big Tray of Chicken (as a side, if you have at least 3 people) and pork pancake!
The menu boldly says "Best Food."  A shining example of Chinese menu design.  And I must agree.  It really is some of the best food I've had this year (and I've had a lot of good food this year).  But places like Spicy Village remind you of the democracy of dining out -- something that's oftentimes lost here in NYC.  Good, comfort food without spending more than $40 for 2 people.It feels like a desolate street block -- and it really is, all the more so when it's freezing cold outside.  Start off with a few pancakes.  Order the spicy tray of chicken (don't forget to ask for noodles on top).  Dip pancakes in spicy chicken tray broth.  Then eat the delicious chicken.  It's perfectly seasoned.  Really flavorful, actually.  Cumin, peppers.  I mean, wow.  I've definitely had spicier Sichuan peppercorn dishes before (particularly in Flushing), but this one was just the right amount of spice without ruining your entire meal.This is just the right amount of food for 2 hungry dudes, although I really wish I could have ordered a noodle dish.  Next time!  And BYOB.  Don't bother bringing any absurd wine or beer though because your taste buds will get messed up from the peppercorns. Just your basic lager will suffice.Spicy Village is probably reaching critical mass -- more and more people are coming here given all the press, but I can be one of those Yelp douchebags and say that I dined here before it had 100 reviews.
The noodles are yummy and just homemade goodness. Cumin and chili pepper are the stars of the spices here. Comfort food and cheap.
Spicy Village is one of those small places you might pass by many times, then decide to wander in and bemoan all those years of passing it by. What a gem this lovely place is, known for their large, flat, hand pulled noodles. I was more used to the knife cut and thin spaghetti style so I was pleasantly surprised to find this place made them broad. Unlike many old style pulled noodle places, this one has vegetarian options like a standout Tomato and Egg over noodle combo that brings back such warm fuzzies of a family fave, tomato and egg over rice. Unlike mom and dad's, this one had a tad more sesame oil and less garlic, and was served with crunchy, perfectly cooked baby bok choy.. Delicious all the same. I also tried one day with sis the vegetable dumplings, doughy pockets filled with the standard chopped veggies. Tasty but I'd stick to the noodles. The spicy vegetable combo over the noodle had cumin, not my fave spice but a specialty of this region,, but it was good. I guess that most of the meat dishes are spiced with cumin. Most of the meat dishes are beef or lamb in varyng forms. Noodles come in soup or dry, with toppings over the soupless noodles. Prices are gentle on the wallet, nothing over $6.This restaurant is a humble place, clean with only a few table covered with contact paper(a blast from the past). The bathroom, unlike in many Chinatown dives, is clean. The owners care about this place. Service is more self serve once you place your order. You get your own drinks from the fridge and chopsticks and such are on the table. But the warm, geniuine cheer of the owner(?) waitress behooves us always to tip her. I've been here twice already, bringing friends and family, to spread the word that bellies can be filled her with good food and good vibes. I introduced my sis, and I think she's been here three times in two weeks.That Rich W sure has a stomach for finding some of the best eats.
LOVE the spicy tray of chicken - so much cheap goodness!HOWEVER - they are now closed every Sunday in the winter! Had to trudge through the snow to read that sign :( Keep that in mind, yelpers!
I am in love with this place! I've braved the heat and come here two days in a row for its hand-pulled wide noodles. The look and chewy texture of its wide noodles reminded me of Pappardelle, my favorite kind of pasta.I ordered Tomato & Egg dry noodles yesterday and Black Bean Sauce dry noodles (zha jiang mian) today. I loved them both, but I think I will order the Tomato & Egg one again next time because it is less easy to find. By the way, it turned out that these two dry noodles are offered at a discount price of $4.25 (original price $5.00) during lunch hours (11 am to 4 pm).I also tried the Pork Pancake two days in a row. The "pancake" was served piping hot and super crispy on the outside. The minced pork inside was flavorful and didn't taste greasy at all.I ordered 15 dumplings to take home today. The dumplings were just okay. I think their strength is the noodle.On my both visits, I was greeted by a young lady (probably the wife of the owner) with a big smile on her face. The space was not big, but I didn't feel too cramped or uncomfortable.Somehow, I find this Henan hand-pulled noodles (I mean noodles per se, not considering the soup or sauce) very similar to the noodles served in Xi'an Famous Food. The pancake here is also very similar to that in Xi'an Famous Food as well. Out of curiosity, I checked the map of China, and found out that the Henan province is located right next to the Shaanxi province (where Xi'an is the capital). Maybe it explains the similarity in how they make noodles out of the dough? I wish I have known more to make sense of this.Despite the similarity, I still prefer the noodles (less greasy and more non-spicy choices) here!
So many places in Chinatown, so few that you will go back to 5+ times.  Spicy Village deserves a spot in your Chinatown dining list for a bunch of reasons but hey ... I'll talk about the friendly and tasty ones.The small restaurant is really unassuming from the outside and when you go in you just have to find yourself a table and sit.  The owners will come out to ask what you want with a sweet smile and make you feel like your one of their longtime friends visiting.  Seriously - I always get a nice smile and no attitude at all.The whole menu looks satisfying however I've consumed A LOT of the pork pancakes (for a mere $2.50) on my quick walks through Chinatown that could be a small meal.  The bun that gets stuffed is toasted to order and stuffed with sweet and smoky shredded roasted pork.  There is some cilantro in there and some sort of sauce situation too - in case cilantro is a deal breaker.Spicy Village serves up a huge fulfilling meal with their Spicy Big Tray Chicken: an enormous platter of chicken with mouth numbing Sichuan peppercorns. What you'll get is ... you guessed it .. a big sizzling tray of spicy chicken, potatoes, and veggies in hot chili oil that you are going to eat every last bit of.  You can easily split this amongst 3 or 4 friends.Get going .. you have something spicy to order!
With the amount of media coverage, I really was expecting a lot more from this place. We ordered the pork pancake and the big tray chicken with noodles, all the *right* things according to foodies, but still not very impressed. The pork pancakes were disappointing, the pancake itself was okay but the quantity of pork filling was very very little (it was so thin it looked like a condiment spread on sandwich bread instead of a pancake filling!). I could barely taste the pork, even though it was paired with a plain pancake! Head over to Xi An Famous Foods for their pork pancake instead.The big tray chicken was very flavorful, though I bit too oily for my taste. The meat was very tender, and went well with the noodle which soaked up all the sauce. I like chewier noodles ("al dente"), so this matched my preference perfectly. If the lines weren't so long, I'd come back for this dish. Maybe after the hype dies down a little?Pluses:- Yes, the big tray chicken is big enough to share assuming you add noodles to it and order other items (1.5 hungry people, 3 not so hungry people)Minuses:- The wait for a seat is long, probably due to its appearance on NYTimes and the small size- The wait for food is also long.... Not sure why as most people in the restaurant ordered the same dishes (big tray chicken and pork pancakes)- I personally don't eat that spicy, and the chicken was a bit too spicy for me (I had to finish an entire bottle of water), so I'd try to get a "less spicy" version if possible
Don't want to over expose this hidden gem but it deserves this rating. Best food Chinese or not I've had in New York in a while. Hand pulled noodles with beef brisket. Cucumbers. Make sure to use the sauce they give you at the table. Went twice in a weekend trip because it was just that good.
I just had the best "big tray chicken" from this place! It tastes awesome, spicy, tender and... just perfect. The chicken and the potatoes were marinated in their special spicy sauce for flavor; and the spiciness is just about right. The hand cut noodles is another amazing find; after trying out many great ramen places in the city, I'm a bit more inclined to eat ramen noodles instead of hand cut noodles because I think ramen noodles are usually more chewy. I was wrong. The hand cut noodles is absolutely delicious! One more thing, this place is really cheap, we ordered 20 dollars worth of food delivered for two people, and we felt super full and satisfied.
Food is AMAZING here. When I mean AMAZING it's AMAZING.We ordered the pork pancake, beef brisket noodle and the spicy chicken noodle.The pork pancake came out first. Had my first bite and can not stop raving about it. The pancake is crunchy on the outside and the pork is tasty in the inside. So so so much better then Xi' An Famous foods. It was definitely not as oily as xi'An's lamb burger. I will DEFINiTELY order this again. DEFINITELY!!!My partner in crime got the beef brisket noodle. It was eh... Okay. I, in the other hand ordered the spicy chicken noodle. OMFG It was over the hill yummy. Yummy yummy yummy yummy. It have the tingling spiciness to it. Just like Xi' an famous food style. But it's so so so much better at spicy village.  Their noodle is the same as Xi'An's noodle. Flat, wide and chewy. I fell in love with this place.Will Be Back for MORE.....
It's so nice to see central-northern Chinese cuisine in New York (and not all the way out in Flushing)! I was actually a little skeptical going in - would it be another place whose "northern" food was prepared by cooks from Fujian or Guangdong, who sweeten it and make it taste like southern Chinese-style food (no offense, I love southern Chinese food)? Fortunately, no. It tasted like what I ate when I visited Henan.The chicken, and the lamb tripe, were both really, really, really, really good.Seriously. Cheap, cool atmosphere/nice people, BYOB (!!!), and awesome, authentic food. If you don't like spice there are a few other options, but if you have a problem with bones in (the most tender, flavorful) chicken, then you're beyond help. Otherwise, it rivals Xi'an Famous Foods as best Chinese in NYC.
One of my favorite NY experiences. dirt cheap, fast, and super tasty. PLUS - probably the only place in Chinatown that provide service with a smile. The lamb noodle soups are not that great.. get the Big Tray Chicken!
I came here with a food enthusiast. Even though there was only two of us, he went ahead and ordered 2 starter dishes and 3 main dishes! I have to say we did a pretty good job polishing off the majority of that food :)This place is TINY so don't expect to go there with a big group and be able to get a table. There's maybe 6 tables of 2?We started with the cucumber salad - big chunks of chinese cucumber with sesame oil and red pepper flakes. It was refreshing, cold and crunch.The beef pancake sandwich was delicious! What a surprise because I wouldn't have ordered it based on the picture in the menu. The bread was nice and crispy with beef cooked in a sweet brown sauce topped with fresh cilantro. Definitely worth trying! And so cheap at $3!On to the entrees. The spicy noodles with beef was yum. There wasn't a ton of flavor but the beef was tender and I LOVED the texture of the hand pulled noodles. LOVED.The other surprisingly delicious dish was the grilled pepper chicken with rice. Again, from the photos on the wall menu, I never would have been tempted to try this. But we did and it was so good! It has a sweet soy sauce flavored background, which I love. If you love chicken teriyaki, you'll love henan's answer to that dish.We had to order the Spicy Big Tray Chicken. That's what this place is know for. I gotta say, I wasn't a fan. It's a big tub of spice. It's spiced with black peppercorns and chilies. There are potatoes and all parts of the chicken chopped up. It was a bit too spicy for me and I didn't really enjoy the background flavor. I'm sad to say that we didn't get to try their soup dumplings. That will have to be on the next go around!CASH ONLY
This review is long over due... I've been coming to Spicy Village just over a year now back when it was He Nan Flavor. Not being a native New Yorker I craved the yummy Chinese food I'm accustomed to from my hometown Vancouver. I usually only order the Big tray of chicken and the pork pancakes.... The lady knows me well and soon as she sees me.. she asks "big tray of chicken?" haha you bring new friend! Strangely enough she knows I don't speak Chinese but insists on speaking Chinese to me?!?!?! Which is okay becuase I can understand a bit of what she says and usually just nod and smile back :) I bring friends who are visiting out of town to this place especially when I know they haven't had some good Spicy Chinese food in a while... I recommend this place to everyone but now its starting to be more popular I'm afraid I won't get a table!!
Came here a week ago, soup with beef was really good, also had the pork on the sesame bread also good. Pretty small place, big flavor small prices, a large soup will run you 6 bucks.
Great Hunan food!  Especially if you like keeping it maaaaa!
Making it a mission to hit up every noodle shop in Chinatown, Spicy Village has always eluded me, but not anymore. I was always intrigued by their big tray of chicken and after reading about it the night before on the NYTimes, I figured now is a good time as any to drag a friend out and try it since I am too weak sauce to be able to finish it all alone. The place is small, but not Prosperity Dumplings small. Probably seats a max of 20 people on its 5ish tables.We ordered the Brisket Hui Mei, while flavorful and comes with the shaved knife cut noodles that I personally love, was kinda tough and not as tender as I would have liked. Now onto the big ol' tray of chicken. I was pretty underwhelmed with this dish after reading the hype about it being marinated in Budweiser and cooked with a lot of flavors and etc. The flavors were definitely there and it was nice and spicy, but there was definitely a salt overload. Unless it was an off day, prepare to down a few drinks during your dining experience.
It's a small restaurant, and it is likely that you'll have to share a table with another group. The staff is nice, but the restaurant gets busy very fast so they may not be as attentive. The food is delicious and affordable. Pork pancake and da pan ji are a must.
The Big Tray of Chicken is awesome. You won't find this dish anywhere else in Chinatown. Same goes for the lamb hui mei. It's the best lamb soup outside of Flushing. The hui mei noodles are thick, chewy and tasty. Dumplings are made with the same dough, giving them a unique chewy texture that works well in the sour dumpling soup.  Also unique to Chinatown are the friendly owners. They really are warm and full of smiles. Good people, good food, how can you go wrong.
Oh my god so good! It is the best hole in the wall authentic Chinese. Please try the beef brisket noodles!!! Tip: it's BYOB. And it's realllllllly cheap!!!!
I stopped in because I read that Mission Chinese chef, Danny Bowien, likes a dish here called Spicy Big Tray Chicken. They also do hand-pulled noodles, which you can add to the dish for $1 more. Great deal. So, that's what I ordered and I was not disappointed. The chicken comes in a round tray with lots of sichuan peppercorns and spicy oil. The noodles add some starch to the dish and work really well with the spicy sauce. I ate about 1/2 of it (including the noodles) and decided to take the rest with me and for another $1, I ordered some more noodles on the side. One person can definitely get 2-3 meals with this dish. Like many restaurants in Chinatown, the ambience leaves a lot to be desired, but the service was prompt and a lot more friendly than at a lot of Chinatown spots. Highly recommended.
God I love the hand pulled noodles here.  Every dish with those noodles is a win.  I get it, it looks intimidating, it looks risky,  if you are a white people like me then the menu might be a bit confusing, but this is the best risk you will take all week.
I LOVE THIS PLACE.The Tomato & Egg noodles is amazing - I love tomato and egg usually (with rice), and wondered whether this would be any good. It was GREAT. It's nice and light, and paired with the bok choy and springy noodles, it was a great dish. I also tried their Pancake with Pork, which I really enjoyed as well (so much better than Xi'an Famous Foods).They are a very small shop, and is located slightly farther from the hustle and bustle of Mott St, but it's totally worth the walk.
I LOVE their pork pancake!! Sooo good!  It is super delicious. "Big Tray of Chicken" is also yummy. Now I usually go there at least 3 times a week for the pancake. I need to try the Tomato & Egg Hui Mei next time!
Absolutely delicious, get the big platter chicken, the lamb with noodles (hui mei) and the spicy pork/beef pancake. So so good!
I haven't had da pan ji in awhile and the big tray of chicken here was quite nostalgia evoking.  I remember these dishes being larger, spicier and a little more varied in terms of ingredients back in China, but Spicy Village's take was still pretty satisfying. As mentioned by previous reviewers, order noodles to go with the dish ($2) - they soak up the sauce so nicely! The pork pancake was also satisfyingly crunchy. Reminded me of street food in China. An unpretentious hole in the wall with spotty but friendly service and an interesting mix of styrofoam cups and plates.
This place is really really bad! The broth is not flavorful and the meat is so little. Would definitely not recommend!!! Would to Brooklyn 18ave 72nd street for hand pulled noodles
I found Spicy Village through yelp, and I am so happy that Yelpers introduced me to this place. The decor is nothing fancy - it's a family run business. The people here are friendly, but the service is your typical hole in the wall service. However, the servers here actually smile. What I love about this place is the authentic of the food. I ordered the egg and tomatoes with noodles, which is a dish that usually granny makes at home. You almost never find it at restaurants. The noodle's texture is just perfect with just the right amount of chewiness. It's a non-pretentious restaurant that people should check out. It's not too crowded yet at the moment, but this is a nice place, and I hope it'll do well.
Formerly henan flavor: same staff; nearly identical menu.  Food was good, but not as good as i remembered last time.  I had the spicy chicken with noodles, which was a little light on chicken, but still good.
We also ordered up two pancakes, one with pork and one with beef. Consider it a chinese hamburger, only better. These are what Xi'an noodles, of Flushing and St. Marks Street,  are famous for, only I like them better here. The two restaurants have quite a bit in common, the use of lamb, knife cut noodles, and the buns to name just a few. One difference is that you can sit down at Spicy Village while Xi'An is standing room only. I also prefer the noodles at Spicy Village, they seem a little less "hard".For more of my review with pics , check out  mylifeinnoodles.blogspot…
it was really good. the food is spicy and the service was ok.the price is priced very well located near Chinatown
Feel like I've missed the boat on this one.  The boat being filled by food bloggers and the readers who love them.  At  best, the food (noodles, pancake) were fine, at worst (that damn big tray o'chicken that's all the rage) one-dimensional and poor quality cuts of protein.  I'm a seasoned Chinatown eater - totally aware of the mystery chicken, beef, pork that have made up some of my favorite meals ever.  I'm acquainted with the tiny bones, the dark meat only, the leftover bits all commingling in the pot, but this was just meh - flavorless and not memorable.+1 for the super smiley service and positive attitude of our waitstaff and the BYOB policy that always perks me up.
If not for the bored waitress who didnt serve or offer us water for a restaurant called 'Spicy Village', this place would have easily gotten a 4. My friend and I got in and while we waited to get our food, the waitress just learn on the counter. Every other customer that came in got water, but not us. When our first serving of food came, I had to ask for it... I thought serving the beverages was the first thing servers had to do besides the table setup. Service is very important to me.I had the spicy chicken soup which was delicious in my opinion and even used the soup as a dip for my pancake, which was also delicious. The texture of the noodles and consistency of the flavor was amazing. The big tray of spicy chicken was indeed great as well. Dont eat too much soup by itself though! Seems that there is a complex blend of spices in there. I am disappointed since the food was so good though. Even though the waitress wasnt diligent with serving beverages, she did not apoligize, nor did she even offer a refill when I was finished! There was so much spicy food at my table and I still left with that feeling in my mouth. Not to mention the water was room temperature and came in a Styrofoam cup with no ice.
3.5 stars in reality BUT half stars don't exist in Yelp so.... The food is in line with the recent trend of serving northern-style Chinese noodles. Cantonese people would have no idea what these noodles are, as it's much more popular in regions of China like Shanxi and Shaanxi. No that's not a typo. The noodles are wide and a variant of the Dao Xiao Mian found at other restaurants in Chinatown. I personally like these noodles much better as there's more surface area, and given how thin they also are, this allows for maximum soaking up of flavor. The lamb meat was straight up disgusting though. We had initially asked for the spicy version of the lamb noodles but the waitress gave us the non-spicy version. Apparently non-spicy just means the only other flavor in the lamb is salt. There was literally NO other flavor to cut the natural gamey-ness of the lamb. There a reason why Chinese people love to pair cilantro and cumin with lamb dude: it cuts completely through the gamey-ness and all you get is pure deliciousness. The brisket noodle dish was also meh. It just tasted like the beef you get in beef noodle soup. They ALSO somehow ended up bringing the non-spicy version of this even though we asked for the spicy version. We also pigged out on some xiao long bao (nothing impressive here) and the steamed dumplings. Both were meh. Last, we all shared the big tray chicken, which as others have noted, is actually decreasing in portion size. I'd say there was no more than half a chicken on that plate.  It was mostly bones, but I will say that the flavors were spot on. At the end of the day though, the prices charged for the dishes we ordered tips it in favor of a 3.5 instead of 3 because it was so dang cheap. It ended up being $13 a person. Woot.
Gem of a place! Big tray of chicken was most amazing- steamed dumplings were above par! Highly recommended to anyone with an appetite for flavorful food A+
Noodles are yummy. Yes the big tray chicken can feed a family of four. Dumplings were cheap for the size. You can't go wrong with any of the dishes. Can't wait to go back and try all the other dishes. Remember is BYOB and cash only. Always a wait. Another tip is they do not serve tea or water. The waitress have limited English.
This is one of my top 3 or so places in China Town. Not only is the food fantastic (amazing hand-made noodles, dumplings and bao) but the service is so friendly and the prices are very very low. You can get a great meal for well under $10. Probably as low as about $6. But don't let that make you think the food isn't good. Additionally it's a a great BYOB place. They are very friendly about bringing alcohol in. Try this place!
The decor is basic and the space is puny, but who cares? The food is inexpensive and fantastic, and the folks that run the place are super-nice.I had dumplings (which were tender and juicy), hand -pulled noodles with spicy vegetables (the strips of noodle soaked up the fiery sauce and set off the crunch of the vegetables nicely), and bok choy (perfect balance between tender and crunchy, studded with chucks of garlic). All delicious.
One of Chinatown's hidden gems. Hard to find and easy to miss. Small place with around 18 seats, but clean.We tried a few dishes. Pancakes were yummy, dumplings were so-so (but quite cheap, $5 for a huge plate of giant boiled dumplings), ground beef noodles were pretty good, but the star of the show was their Big Plate of Chicken Thingies. It puts the Spicy in Spicy Village. Deliciously so.All in all, we had a decent dinner for 3 that didn't break any budget. I highly recommend coming here just for the Spicy Chicken plate.
I went here with a friend and our two babies. The owners were super-nice and accommodating to us. We had the tray of chicken and pork pancakes and they were excellent. It was a little fatty but I think that's the way its supposed to be.I love trying new regional places in Chinatown. Where's next??
So great. The noodles are phenomenal and the dumplings also quite good. Staff is friendly and the food joyfully cheap. One of my favorites in the city
Decided to go hear for lunch over some alternative spots in Chinatown after reading the reviews on yelp. Overall I was very satisfied with lunch here, portions were big and prices were small, but the two dishes we had didn't wow me.I went with the #16, spicy beef brisket noodles while my friend went with the #1 Lamb lo mein.The brisket was good, but not particularly flavorful or spicy. THe noodles served with it, which had soaked up some of the beef broth, were delicious though - perfect consistency. Would have liked some more interesting flavors/toppings in this dish.My friend's Lamb lo mein was very.. interesting. I hadn't had a broth like this before - i t was cloudy and white and very, for lack of a better word, lamb-y. The lamb meat in the dish was dark and gamey, but not particularly tender. The noodles in this weren't as flavorful as the noodles with the beef brisket.I'd definitely come back and try some more dishes.
The pancakes were really tasty and came out hot and slightly crisp with a tender center. Four stars is only for the pancakes. The hand pulled noodles were a bit too salty for me (I'm not big on salt in general), but the texture of the noodles were excellent.
Broad taste and very different flavors from plate to plate. This place uses lots of spices.
Visiting from Oregon and came upon this place on yelp and I can not rave enough. One of the best things I have ate in a long time and I'm pretty sure I will likely not eat anything close again. We  certainly don't have food like this in Portland and Portland is known as a foodie town. Should def try !!!
Bona fide ghetto ass tasty Chinese joint. Also happen to have the whitest crowd ever. Makes an Asian feel like an outsider. Bizarre experience.
This is one of those hole-in-the-wall but OMGGG-DELICIOUS restaurants. I love that you can walk past it without giving it a second glance, but everything on the menu is a winner. And so cheap! From my experience, it's pretty difficult to find a place like this in the city. Thank goodness I stalked all of Grubstreet's 101 Cheap Eats List and located this gem.We ordered a dry spicy brisket noodle, oxtail noodle soup, pork/veg dumplings, and a pork pancake. After munching hardcore and even being full enough to take the pancake to go, the total came to $17.50 + tip. Spicy Village isn't aesthetically the most impressive, but if you're looking for high quality cheap and fast eats, this is your calling! Will sooo be back
Long story short. This is the cheaper version of Xi'an Famous Food. Everything is about $2 cheaper, but tastes as good if not better. Try the lamb soup noodle. It warms up my soul.
If not for an issue of Time Out New York featuring the best eats in Chinatown, I never would have discovered Spicy Village, one of my fave new cheap eateries. Having lived in Flushing for 25 years, home to some of NYC's best Asian food, I naturally scoffed, since I was sure there was nothing new the TONY editors could tell me. But alas, I was proven wrong, as they led me to this little gem on Forsyth Street. It isn't a very big restaurant, and there's limited seating so there's almost always a wait on weekend nights. The experience can be brutal in the summer as there is no air conditioning, but I say it's worth sweating it out for a bowl of delicious hand-pulled noodles ("hui mei," as it's called here) that'll make you sweat some more from a different kind of heat. The highlight of my first visit was a shared dish aptly named "Spicy Big Tray Chicken." Basically it consists of chopped up dark meat chicken pieces (yes, there are bones), cilantro, star anise, and red chili flakes swimming in a vat of hot chili oil. For a couple bucks more, you can have them add hui mei, which I highly recommend. This will easily fill two people even if you aren't ordering anything else. I also had the spicy beef brisket hui mei on a separate occasion, but it was less memorable. Still tasty though. In all likelihood you'll be back for round two, but if you come to Spicy Village just once, the Spicy Big Tray Chicken is a must.
Spicy Village's big tray of chicken is one of those dishes I'll dream about and miserably attempt to recreate/recapture for the rest of my life.
Went here yesterday based on Yelp reviews.  I love spicy food, but I also like my food to have flavor and Spicy Village lacked the latter.  I ordered the soupy dumplings, a pork bun, and the spicy beef stew humei.  The pork sandwich lacked flavor and the dumplings lacked soup.  Some of the beef stew chunks were tender and flavorful, other chunks were dry.  The wide noodles in the beef stew were good, I'll give it that.  Now I didn't try the big spicy chicken platter that everyone seems to rave about, but seeing as how I tried three dishes and was not impressed, I'm inclined to think that dish has been over-hyped as well.  Not sure if I will make any special trips to try their specialty...  Not bad food, just not as good as I expected and certainly not on my list of places I will definitely go back to.
came here after seeing good reviews on yelp. looks super dinky from outside.. and inside. extreme limited seating and you'll be probably fighting with the jhs kiddos who like the sit forever. the spice is spicy! but definitely different from your standard fare in chinatown. to me the meal wasn't that memorable but if youre a noodle soup-aholic then this could be better for you.
Great hand pulled noodle shop in the LES area. A hole in the wall type place with a good amount of seating.
So tasty! Took my family here when we visited China town and they went back to TX bragging. Good service, great food.
Big Tray Chicken or Hand Pulled Noodles are their speacialty
totally authentic, as in share a table and get down and eat. byob yum!
Yep, the Spicy Big Chicken Tray is the stuff of dreams. Peppercorns, star anise, cilantro, garlic, cumin--a veritable orchestra of flavor and complexity. With the homey, bare-bones interior, communal seating, tepid service, it epitomized the perfect Chinatown spot.
Wonderful hand pulled noodles! I do have to say I was surprised how un-spicy the spicy lamb dry noodles were, but I easily could have ordered wrong. Super relaxed crowd during lunchtime. Next time, I would probably get the super chicken thing like everyone else says to get. Ah, and Large there means SUPER LARGE!
We came across this using the app while doing some shopping in the Soho area. While the food was very good, the thing that stood out the most to me was the service. My girlfriend happens to hate cilantro, and when she ordered at the counter she made sure her noodle bowl had no cilantro in it. I ordered after her and in addition to my entree got a pork pancake. The pork pancake came out, sliced in half, and the woman said that that one side was with cilantro and the other was without. This was just great insight and inference on her part, the kind of customer-forward mentality that really makes a mark.
This was a very disappointing experience. The spicy chicken tray was all bones perhaps the necks of chicken. The vegetable dumplings were gummy  and took forever to arrive. This was definitely not what I was expecting and do not recommend going there.
I tried the oxtail noodle and I do not think this place is all that. The oxtail were very tiny with more bones than meat and the noodles were okay. The broth was okay with lots of cilantro. It cost about $5.50 and it is cheap but the portion was not big and the taste was just okay. I do like the chili oil that they have here. It is very spicy and goes well with the soup. I would reccomend this place but I am not crazy about their food.
Grilled pepper chicken rice is really good, for people cannot eat spicy food, you can tell them no spicy and the chicken will be sweet, real good!
Dan dan noodles and that big plate of spicy chicken = perfect meal for two.  Really good food for cheap.  Friend got a funny stomach after eating their ox tail soup though.
Have been here but mainly to order food to go, and waited for my order in the meantime....the space is, as you may have expected, practically a hole-in-the-wall...no, not exactly, i have to correct that--- it has a few tables inside and i can imagine it could get jammed fast. but i really like the food, despite its spicy-ness. I had their big tray of chicken, which I brought home and studied. I have since then made my own versions. i also like their personalized service---the owners themselves attend to the business, which I think makes a lot of difference specially for small business. it's easy to reach from the subway stop (on the D train, i recall)....
This place is one of the best-kept secrets in the city!  The big tray chicken is amazing!  The pork pancake is so good and the bok choy is also great.  The BYOB policy makes it a great deal!  I highly recommend!
The hand pulled noodles are incredible.  Perfectly chewy and it is a whole new level compared to the Chinese takeout restaurants - incomparable!!  I love the fact that Chinese food is so diverse and that you can explore the diverse flavors of different provinces.  The tomato egg noodle sounds very basic but its such a comfort food. The big tray of chicken will keep you coming back, and the pancake with pork beats xians!
Ordered the food to go.  Not much seating in the restaurant.  Loved the spicy chicken with hand pulled noodles.  Noodles were fresh and al dente.  Broth was flavorful.  Spicy, but good.  Dumplings were good too.
The hand pulled noodles are really good. Also i forgot my backpack and although they close at 11pm and I wasn't sure I would make it in time, the really nice lady said she will wait til i come! Add one more star for that!
The noodle is delicious. Though the place is small(probably good for 20 people max.), the food the nice service should never be overlooked. Long line is expected on weekends.
a really small place with about 4 tables for 4 and 1 for 2, and as people said, the decor and ambience is thin. But boy is the food packed with flavor. The two of us had the big plate of chicken ($12.95), and asked for them to add noodles ($2). As we waited, dingy fluorescent light playing off the walls, I spied a fridge full of my favorite canned/bottled drinks from asia- wintermelon tea, grass jelly, and grabbed a couple ($1 each) to go with my food. the light, herbal sugariness went perfectly with the food, which was not too spicy, the sauce packed with sichuan peppercorns, cumin, garlic, chilli, star anise, and dollops of potato to go with the fried and perfectly cubed chicken, and the topping of noodles was perfectly al dente in the Chinese style, soft and chewy and already well mixed with the sauce. Delicious! We left the place perfectly satisfied.
This is one of those places that you don't want to share with the world because it is so good. It has never never never disappointed me. This spot makes me really happy. BYOB is awesome too!!
An hour before a blacktie event at Capitale around the corner, some of our party thought SV was a good idea. Cheap Chinatown Chinese was not really what my couture and I had in mind, but I went along and did not have a single regret. The bill came to $60 for 6 and everyone was stuffed and satisfied. We had the pancake with beef which looked like a pita stuffed with meat but was in fact crispy without any grease and filled with just the right amount of scrumptious marinaded beef. For the table, we shared the spicy chicken huimei, spicy lamb omasa huimei, and spicy beef brisket huimei. All were fabulously spicy enough that we requested the AC be turned on, and got a big steaming platter of broccoli to balance it out. Considering half our party were in tuxes and the splatter possibility very high, you would not have known it by the enthusiasm of the eating. Glad we made a reservation too, as though there are only a few seats, we were quickly being hovered over by waiting clientele.
The egg and tomato huimei is incredible!  You won't find better food for the price in all of Chinatown!   Ok, maybe that's an exaggeration, but try this place out!!
I have only been living in New York for a month and I think I've been here 5 times already! The food is so delicious, all the vegetables and herbs are fresh and crunchy and the sauces are fantastic (like, you will drink them when your food is gone)- you can tell everything is made with care. The prices are great - most things being in the 5 dollar price range - and the staff here are always friendly; I think their daughter had just begun waitressing when I last went. The place itself is kind of a hole in the wall, but for a delicious, fresh, hand made dinner for 5 dollars I would sit on a dirt floor with no complaints, so a little canteen style dining room seems like a huge luxury for the great deal you are getting.
Very good food. Inexpensive. I've always ordered take out and it seems there are always trays and trays of food being served to diners as I wait for my brown paper bag. It's clear that they cater to their sit down diners first. This is fine but does get frustrating while you're waiting, especially since there really is no place to wait
The toasty crunchy roasted pork pancake is delicious.  I've tried three other dishes on the menus, including the new one with brisket, handcut noodles, bok choy, and a vegetable I could not identify and all were exceptional.  Spicy but not overpowering and for the price the quality is extraordinary and consistent.  Plus, the dishes are unlike anything else I have had in the Manhattan Chinatown.  The most I have paid for a dish is $6.25.The woman who runs the place is always pleasant and polite and makes sure everything is just right.  Delicious food, low prices, consistently high quality, and a welcoming owner--that is why I gave 5 start.
Delicious, authentic Henan cuisine for barely any money at all. I had the dry hand-pulled noodles with beef brisket, which was absolutely amazing with the chili oil. Our table also shared the pork pancakes (a MUST), the egg pancakes, and the large tray chicken (beautifully spiced and by far the most expensive thing we ordered at $12.95). Came with a small group of friends, and we spent a little over $60 for all the food we could eat. Definitely coming back here.
Small, underwhelming atmosphere on an average Chinatown street. The menu isn't super extensive, but they have a handful of excellent items (pork buns which come on something like a thin English muffin, the spicy pot of chicken), and the waiters are really, really accommodating and sweet. It's BYOB, and they will bring you styrofoam cups and a bottle opener if you need it. Came here with a group of 3 hungry boys and we spent less than $40 between the four of us - and left feeling really full. We stayed for at least an after our meal was cleared, drinking and chatting, and never got any dirty looks from the waitstaff. Recommended for a low-key weeknight dinner with friends.
I think people are slightly overrating this place. It's decent. But there are better places in chinatown. Not a five star joint. Really more of a 3.5.
I was not as enthusiastic about this place. I came here to taste their famous Spicy Big Tray Chicken w/ hand-pulled noodles, but was disappointed. The quality of the chicken is mediocre, the noodles just ok, the potatoes flavorless, and the broth has so many different spices that it's overwhelming. I really tried to like this dish, but couldn't. CASH ONLY
This place was decent, but I do think fell a bit short of the hype or perhaps I'd set my expectations too high after looking at the Yelp reviews. I would say it isn't that much better than, say, Xi'an Famous Foods. That said, I didn't order the big tray chicken, which is supposedly the best dish to get. It was way too big - I stopped by for a quick solo dinner when I was in the area.I ordered a bowl of the spicy chicken soup noodles. The small size was PLENTY. It was interesting, because it was lamp soup but the meat in it was chicken. Half the noodles were the wide noodles, which was the whole reason I went, but then half were vermicelli. I don't know if that's naturally the default...I didn't put up a fuss about it, because I also like vermicelli, but I did think that was a bit odd, especially since they didn't ask me for my noodle preferences when I ordered.Taste-wise, it was good and gave a nice spicy kick. The noodles were a good texture, but I'd wanted more wide noodles. The chicken was excellent, but I wasn't digging the lamb soup - I'm not a huge lamb fan and had ordered this dish because I didn't want to have lamb...but got a taste anyway. I had read the description that said it'd be lamb soup, but for some reason, didn't think that the taste would be that apparent - it was. All in all, pretty tasty. Pretty cheap. Not as stellar and standout from its peers as I was expecting, so I wouldn't go out of the way for it but I'd still come back if I was in the area...likely with a few other people so we can try the chicken tray.
Ugh. What Chinese restaurant doesn't 'sell tea'? Water, but they don't have ice. Food served on flimsy paper plates. Appetizers, mains come out in random order. Greasy tables. Dirty plasticware. It's cheap - that's got to be the only reason people come here. Pork pancakes lukewarm and doughy. Lamb soup was gray. Sesame chicken - round balls of fried chicken with three small sprigs of broccoli and gluey rice. Dumplings were fresh, grant them this. Again - don't be taken in by the price - there's plenty to choose from in Chinatown. Not sure we'll forgive he friend who recommended this place! A real dump.
I will give this place 3 stars just because ONLY the noodles were yummy. I ordered the big tray chicken. I went with a friend and we were both excited to try this dish after seeing it on Facebook. When we entered the restaurant, interesting Asian temple music greeted us. The food came quickly. I hoped the lady would give us tap water, but I think you need to buy bottle water if you want a drink. The big tray chicken is not at all spicy and there's way too much chicken in proportion to the noodles. Also bits of the bone from the chicken were in the broth, so I had to be careful not to choke on a shard of bone. The broth was a little bit too salty and oily for my liking, but the noodle texture was satisfying.
Oh my oh my!!!!! The simplest tomato and egg noodles made to perfection....... So flavorful....... Dropped a few drops of chili oil in them and they blend in so well with a soft kick which made me unspeakable......... Ermmmm..... It is very evident that I have ate them half way when I took this photo........ o(^-^)o
Spicy village has been a cult favorite ever since Danny Bowien (Mission Chinese Food) stopped by and raved about it. Since then, it's been gotten press by NYTimes and a bunch of other food and culture magazines. What I like about this place is that it's not overhyped or overpriced. It's a great meal in a relatively small humble place. You might have to wait a bit but a bit meaning a half hour or so. The turn around time is quick and you can order while in line. It's nothing like the typical crazy lines of New York for hyped food fad of the month. This place is solid. I usually order Big Tray Chicken here with a helping of hand pulled noodles. The spice builds but is about perfect for the average spice handler. The noodles soak up that sauce and the same with the potatoes. It's great for two people and more than enough food. You can even share that amongst three people and add a smaller order of dumplings or the beef or pork pancakes. Lots of options!And don't worry for the non-spicy eaters, there's options there too. Only thing is that they'll be missing on some of the best things in life -- that Big Tray Chicken.
My boyfriend and I came on a Saturday at 7:24pm. The girl in the front told us that it will be 35-40 minutes to get seats. So we put our name down and waited. She also takes a phone number, but clearly states that if she calls and you are not here in the front of the store, then she will give the seats to another party who is already present. And boy, her waiting time was so off. We ended up getting in 1.5 hours later. The girl also took our order while we were waiting outside. So I thought our food would have been ready by the time I was seated. I was wrong; I had to wait longer inside for the food. we got the big spicy chicken with 2 orders of noodles, spicy pork dumplings (12), and beef pancake. This place is known for its big spicy chicken stew, but honestly the pork dumplings was the best! I was not too fond of the spicy chicken stew - it had a weird herbal taste and it was not spicy at all lol. And while we were eating, I guess all of the customers were taking their time eating and people were waiting outside. So, they kept staring at us and giving us the check when we weren't even done. (CASH ONLY)Yeah, so, the food wasn't that good and it wasn't worth waiting
I saw this place on a food channel before, and i left it behind and never get a chance to try it out. My bf and i were so hungry he asked me what to eat, so i started to yelp and this pops up. We went it has a A sign for hygiene. Great, we sat down and ordered their famous dish. Not only they did not disappointed us, but we will definitely come back.
Something's amiss when a Chinese restaurant doesn't 'sell tea' or have ice for water.  Appetizers served before, during, after mains. Paper plates - but you have to ASK for a plate. Dirty plastic spoons at greasy tables. Most of all, mediocre, no, BAD food. Can't figure out the other Yelp reviews except that it's kinda cheap. Gummy balls of sesame chicken with three small pieces of broccoli; the pork pancakes - bready and tasteless; lamb soup - dingy; dumplings seemed fresh. Service negligible - and, as noted, tables not cleaned between diners.  Place is busy - but NOT worth the trip.  Even bakeries on Hester offer better food. Don't waste your time. We did, based on a rec from a friend - Yelp should check the authors who reviewed this place.
This place is good and not expensive at all! They are famous for their noodles so if u come here the noodles is must! But the steamed soup dumpling (灌汤包）isn't good and beef or pork pancake 肉夹馍is average   Xi'an Famous Food has the best pancake in NYC i would say. So i recommend the spicy hand pulled beef noodles. I will definitely come back and try the big tray chicken which seems good too.
WOW this place was amazing and I am so glad I finally tried it!  I came here on Monday for lunch with a group of 3 and had to wait around 5 minutes for a table to pay and clean up.  I do suggest coming with 3 or 4 people because if you come with 2 you may be seated at a table with strangers.  There was one table that was positioned in the front corner so I saw that two groups were trapped on the inside and could not get out unless the outside couple would get out first. Now onto the food... We ordered the big tray of chicken with 2 orders of noodles, cucumber salad, and pancake with pork.  The pancake with pork was definitely the best that i've had.  The bread is nice and crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and the filling has great flavor.  Much much much better than the one at Xian Famous Foods.  The pork filling only costs 3.25 and the beef filling is around 3.50.  Now the big tray of chicken was pretty good too and is around $15.  It had soo many spices going on and it tasted great.  The only downside was that there was too much spices floating around and would have preferred if it was cooked in some sort of pouch and taken out after.  I dont quite enjoy the numbing sensation of peppercorn so I was careful to pick those out.  Lastly, the cucumber salad wasn't the best that I had but it went well with the spicy chicken since I would use it to cool my mouth down once it got too spicy.  I would definitely recommend trying out this place.
Location: Spicy village has been granted as one of the best chinese restaurant in chinatown. I have heard about all the great reviews from fellow yelpers and decided to pay a visit here. The place is hard to be found if you don't know chinese. They have a huge sign which shows their names in chinese but fails to show SPICY VILLAGES in english.The place is definitely small.5 tables and thats it.You have to share your space with strangers.Food: we have the big tray of chicken. It is not authentic ...The soup is plain.The chicken is plain. Lack of vibe.The noodles, however, is the only plausible part for the whole dish.If you are craving for authentic big tray chicken, this place is not the one.Service: owner and waitresses are fluently speaking in mandarin and english. So they will serve you without problems Price: always cheapOverall: not authenticaverage.3 STARS
BIG PLATE CHICKEN. That's really all you need to know. There's nothing better on a chilly winter evening. No problem if you're low carb - just skip the noodle supplement. Don't care? Add a portion or two of noodles in then and have it absorb all that delicious spicy broth. The other dishes all pale compared to the big plate chicken so I'd say stick with what they do best. The bok choy was decent if you want to add some fiber to your meal. I'd stay away from the dumplings, there's definitely better out there. The wait can be a little long, and I'd recommend going in a pair (this place definitely doesn't fit a group of more than 4 comfortably). Also as others have mentioned - it's BYO so come prepared because the closest convenience store is a few blocks away and has a lackluster selection.
The big tray chicken is amazing - definitely not overhyped. I grew up on my mom's spicy chicken and while this chicken is not as spicy as her version, it still tastes extremely homey and comforting. The meat is tender and full of flavor and transports you to a cumin filled heaven. The addition of the noodles makes it even more perfect; the noodles are fresh and chewy and soak up the sauce really well. One tray with noodles added is definitely enough for two people (I shared with a friend) and it's hard to beat this value. Prior to coming, I didn't realize how small the space was - be prepared to wait, especially if you come on a weekend evening. We had to wait around an hour, even though we were initially told the wait time would be around 20 minutes. There's only like 2 big tables and 2 small tables in the entire shoebox like space. Good thing the chicken makes up for all of it.
All the food here is pretty good. The most popular dish I would recommend for 1-5 people would be the Big Tray Chicken [14.95]. It doesn't come with any servings of noodles or rice so you will have to add them in addition [1 portion of noodles for 1.75 and rice for 1]. You can always change the type of noodles you want (it would be a different cost) but obviously the hand pulls are better. If y'all people want individual dishes, for dry noodle dish, I would recommend the Spicy Beef Brisket Huimei [7.75] or Spicy Chicken [6.75] which is a similar small dish of the BTC. For broth noodles, the most popular ones are usually the Beef Brisket and Lamb huimei which you can choose its size. Coming here, small appetizers must be ordered. The Porkpancake [3.5] in my opinion is the best out of all the pancakes. Other appetizers like Spice Scallion Dumplings [6.95] and Triple Salad [5.25] are really good as well. This is a really small place, approximately only 20 seats. So be prepared for at least a 20-30 minute wait. Sometimes it might be less sometimes it might be more depending how many people you have and how busy it is (usually really busy at night) . This is also a Bring Your Own Beer place. You can get beers or wines at the corner store or at the liquor store but you would be expected to order at least $10 of food each person. There are many different sodas and teas in the fridge and you can self serve. If you guys want tap water, you can ask the workers there. This is a CASH ONLY PLACE. Note** the food in these pictures do not contain any cilantros. For those who dislike cilantros, tell them before hand.
Tried the much hyped big tray chicken with noodles and the pork pancake. Not sure what I am missing, but thought this was nothing special. It isn't bad, but not Eater 38 worthy. The chicken had way too much fatty skin on it and seemed to be more bones than meat. The sauce was flavorful and spicy but not too spicy, but the noodles were rather plain and the flavor of the sauce did not cling to them. The pork pancake was very good though.
Great food at great prices!I had the savory pork pancake, so good! It has a nice crunch to it! This is a small dish around 5 bucks and it an either be split between two people or you can have it by yourself. This must be a popular dish as the tables next to us also chose beef or pork pancakes.The prices are very reasonable with only a few plates reaching the 15 dollar range (good enough for 2 people though!). Most dishes range from 5-7 dollars so it's very reasonable. only problem is they don't serve water, you have to purchase the tea, aloe drink, or soda.
Great noodles! I came here on a cold snowy night, and the restaurant was pretty busy. It's also pretty small, with about seating space for 24 people. I had to share a 4-seater table that only had two people sitting there, which was kind of odd for a meal. I ordered a small bowl of lamb noodles, and it came out quite promptly. It was quite delicious - warm soup, good chewy noodles, adequate amount of meat. The soup could have been more flavorful I think, though I was happy to see there wasn't a lot of oil floating around. Good meal, $6.25 post-tax for a fulfilling and delicious meal. I'll be back to try their other noodles![Edit 3/12]I (finally) came back to try the big plate chicken with noodles. It was really good! I think they fry the chicken first though, which is unfortunate (I don't like eating fried food). The flavor of the chicken and the potatoes are awesome though. There's a ton of sauce and spices, though the flavor could be stronger and spicier! The noodles were good though. Adding noodles is $3, and the big plate chicken as around $15 to begin with. Not too bad for a meal to share between two (though two orders of noodles may be in order), and there will probably be leftovers as well!
I'll give this place 4 star for now to stay a little conservative lol. The food is tasty and service is fast. When it's full the waitress will bring you menu to order your food as you are waiting in line to be seated. It makes much more efficient. As you are seated your food is probably ready. So it's basically a fast paced place serving authentic Chinese fast food: noodles and dumplings. I knew this place is quite popular for its noodle but I focus on investigating soup dumplings and roast pork sandwich. Noodles are quite different across different regions of china so it's hard to compare with other restaurants . But soup dumplings and roast pork sandwich can stand one out immediately. This place didn't disappoint me. It's above average for what you paid for. If you're here I recommend the pork sandwich. It's food from mid west china not the guabao from the south china. Most people confuse them two.
I've found many raved about Chinese places on the LES to be completely mediocre to my go to spot (Noodle Fun) across the street from my apartment on the UES. I had #25 noodles with chicken. Very bland, not spicy at all, chicken in the bone too. The noodles themselves were pretty good but what's the point if the flavor is weak.
Exactly what the other reviews have told you.We had the popular big chicken tray, with a side of noodles, pork pancakes and garlic baby bokchoy. The chicken was tender and juicy, the broth super flavorful with loads of whole spices, the noodles were chewy and perfect with the chicken, the pork pancakes crispy and satisfying, the baby bok choy was nicely cooked and tender, the staff were friendly and the portions generous.A meal for 2 was $22.Bring your own beers!
Great authentic Chinese cuisine! Everything is great. We had pancake with pork, soup dumplings, spicy beef noodles and big tray spicy chicken! Best Chinese noodles! We went there even during lunch break!!
Best Chinese ever. Get the soup dumplings and the beef pancakes.
this place one... was cold inside and the soup had like little to NOOOOO soup! the beef my friend got was decent she said but my lamb was not. i should have just took my ass over to flushing and gotten lamb noodle soup there instead cuz theirs is hot and spicy and sooooo flavorful! never coming back here again!
Yes, I agree with the others.  In a way, this is a place that is what Xi'an Famous foods was like before they got huge. Don't expect this to be fancy - it has that chinatown hole in the wall charm, that is basic, and to the point.  I will say, that while they don't have cumin lamb noodles, i find Xi'an to be a bit too spicy (sometimes I can barely eat my meal because it is so spicy), but this place is spicy without the sweat (which i love!).  There were 4 of us, and we brought a couple bottles of wine and ordered a bunch of stuff.  Everyone seemed to be ordering the tray of chicken - i thought it was a bit boney, but the broth was good.  The soup dumplings were okay, but for me, the stellar standouts were the beef brisket noodles, and the pancake with pork.  Don't imagine a pancake, but more like a sandwich.  Both of these had a ton of cilantro, which is a dream come true, and each of us paid $11 to get stuffed to the gills. I will say though, that this place is popular, as we did have to wait in line for about 20 minutes or so for a table. I will definitely be back for beef brisket noodles or the pork pancake!!!
Really enjoyed the food at this hole in the wall. First of all, it is tiny and no frills - so come for the food and the company, not the ambience. Service is actually quite welcoming and friendly. I recommend that you go early as there tends to be a line since the place is small. We started with the soup dumplings and the pancake with pork. The soup dumplings were very tasty, good dough, excellent broth and a good amount of pork inside. The pancake with pork was unexpectedly delicious. This is pretty much a Chines Panini with generous amounts of pork. Get it and split it with your dining partner, you won't regret it. Obviously the hand pulled noodles are the big draw here (hui mei) . I went with the  ox tail to try and be alittle more adventurous. I have had ox tail before and was never disappointed. First of all, the noodles are first rate. The texture is perfect and they take on the flavor perfectly. Broth was also the highlight of the dish. I liked my Ox tail but you had to gnaw at it a lot to try and get the meat off. Next time I will probably go for lamb or beef. I was happy with the flavor it added to the broth. As was mentioned in other reviews, the servers are incredibly nice. Total bill for 2 very stuffed people? 19 dollars. Yes, I will be back.
Great pork pancakes and pork and veggie dumplings. Big plate chicken with hand pulled noodles was delightfully spicy. Clean establishment and nice service. I will return!
Place is awesome, the pork pancakes are great value especially for the price which is 2.50 .  The noodles at Spicy Village are also awesome and I recommend the spicey lamb omasa huimei, spicey scallion sauce dumpling, and the Spicey Big tray chicken which can feed a party of 3 very easily.  Not to mention this place is rated an A which is very difficult to find in china town.  Overall solid place and friendly staff!
We went for the Big Tray of Chicken as recommended by Mark Bittman. The dish was really good, and so cheap! Two of us could not finish this $12.95 entrree, and the spices and sauce were so flavorful. He tells you to order it the authentic way, with wide noodles, but we had it with rice, which was tasty. Ambiance is non-existant--six tables, bright lighting, just concentrate on the food. Be prepared to wait--there's a park outside and they'll text you when your table is ready.
Love this place! Delicious, fresh noodles and amazing pancakes. Yum.
Great spicy noodles, friendly staff, fast kitchen, cheap prices. Minus one star for tiny seating area.
We've been going to "Spicy Village" since its earlier incarnation as "Henan Village."  Then, the food was quite tasty, but the menu was limited--principally good for lunch.  Now that the menu's been expanded, it's a great place for an affordable, unusual and delicious dinner.  The owner/waitress, Wendy, is warm, personable and attentive.  Every once in a while her rambunctious young daughter shows up and adds a rambunctious, family-feel to this charming hole-in-the-wall echo of the way New York used to be..
I love this place - it's tiny on the inside and there usually a wait, but it's always worth it. Tastes like a home cooked meal for a very reasonable price. Personal fav- hand pulled noodles with their spicy big tray chicken
Location - Ma and Pop, no frills type of restaurant with very limited seating. It is very easy to gloss over this place as it is in the middle of Chinatown, behind the park. Food - Spicy Chicken Huimei was very unique. For someone that can take a moderate amount of heat, I enjoyed its numbingly hot taste. I did have some water with it. But after the first couple of spoonfuls of the soup, it does get addicting. The soup dumplings were disappointing. It wasn't terrible but I have to say that Shanghai Cafe remains to be my favorite soup dumpling spot. A good tip though is to take a bite of the top of the dumpling and submerge it in the spicy chicken soup for more flavor. The spice dumplings were also lacking. They were better than the soup dumplings but again, I had to eat it while drinking the spicy chicken soup.Service - Because there are no frills, you're not going to have the best servers here either. You're expected to eat and go, so you may even get the check before you finish. They didn't serve water either, probably to increase profit by getting you to buy one of their drinks...but I mean what do you expect for the price rangeAll in all, I'd only come back for JUST the spicy chicken huimei and for a quick, relatively cheap meal.
I'm really glad I found this place and got to try it out. This is tiny place, so if you come in a group of four or less it should be okay, but there will be a wait since there's not that many tables. The hand pulled noodles were great! I think I could have just had a bowl of the noodles and broth and I would have been a happy camper. The steamed dumplings were also pretty good and I wished my group had ordered two of them. I will definitely be coming back here.
Spicy Village looks to be a truly awful joint, small and garish in decoration, but on closer look, the window front is simply littered with charmed reviews from almost all publications in the city with a food section. They're all right: this place doesn't disappoint. I got the 6.25 spicy vegetable hui mei. The handpulled noodles here are the best I've had in Chinatown, on the wider and thicker side, but of perfect chewy consistency. The spice is really subtle, kicks in towards the end of a bite, so I added two spoonfuls of spicy bean oil to mine. The vegetables are typical (scallion bits, baby bok choy, topped with cilantro), but complemented by little squares of tofu, making this the perfect dish for vegetarians. It's a little small inside, and they'll seat tables regardless of groups, but the servers were nice and the crowd was also a good mix of locals and respectful visitors.
Delicious noodle bowls and spicy chicken stew. Good prices and very filling. Service is friendly and fast. So spicy that they provide water for you when you eat there.
A Hidden gem of New York City. This place is somewhat tucked away but has a very nice atmosphere. It is quiet with pleasant music. The food is amazing, truly authentic Chinese food. I had the vegetable dumpling soup, and it was rich with flavor. And the prices were amazing! I would definately reccomend.
Inland Chinese food needs more exposure. My folks are from the South coast facing Taiwan, as is most of the Chinese demographic that saturates the Chinatown in Manhattan, so the food I tried here is quite different! There's a definite distinct emphasis on mutton and spice. I thought the food was comparable to some dishes you'd get at Xian Famous Foods, and that's no wonder, as Shaanxi province is right next to Henan. Cheap & filling. I had the lamb innards noodle soup, dumplings, and triple vegetarian salad.
Best noodles I've had outside of China. Much more authentic and flavorful than Xian Famous Foods -- skip the Midtown hype and go to Chinatown for authentic and cheap eats!
Spicy village is bae! I love this place soooo much. The noodles and pancakes are just phenomenal. I literally love all the dishes I've tried here: the tomato and egg noodles, the pork and beef pancakes (must get appetizer), the black bean noodles (zha jiang), the spicy beef noodles, big tray chicken, etc. I can go on and on, but I think these are my go-to dishes. The tomato and egg reminds me of a home cooked dish my mother would often make, so I usually go for this option!The restaurant itself is kind of a hole-in-the-wall atmosphere, but the food is so worth it. I had the idea to write this review right now because I was planning on going, but the restaurant is closed today. Now, I'm just reminiscing about the amazingness of this place...
This place is the real deal. If I lived in NY I would come here on a bi-weekly basis.
Spicy Village is known to be affordable and authentic. I think it does a pretty good job at it, although I don't think it's as good as some of the other spicy places I've been to. Granted, I haven't had a chance to try their big tray chicken, which is supposed to be their speciality and most popular dish. I would consider visiting again just because it's a good deal. As with any other self-respectable restaurant in Chinatown, don't expect any kind of service from the servers. It also not the cleanest or nicest place, but it does have that run-down Chinatown charm that certainly adds to the overall experience.
Wow is all I can. This restaurant was difficult to find in the enormous Chinatown of NYC but it was worth every minute. The restaurant was a tiny and had 7 tables but the food was absolutely amazing. My group had the dumplings along with soups and the main entree the 'Big tray chicken'. It was some of the spiciest Chinese food I've had but it was outstanding. I couldn't recommend this restaurant more if you're in Chinatown or looking for authentic Chinese food in NYC.
Horrible. Absolute disaster, had us waiting an hour when they took in bigger groups right alway that just showed up, they seat based on the space they can maximize and fit the most people in. We ended leaving after waiting near an hour. The hostess told us the wait was 30 minutes, what bs. I've had the food before once before, servers spilled the food on me and didn't say anything. Their food is mediocre, a xians rip off. Save yourself over an hour wait and go to a authentic place with better food and servers who actually care
First time there for a late lunch in this narrow hole in the wall with elbow to elbow seats.  Pancake with beef ($3.50) - Xi'an Famous Foods' beef has more flavor but this place's bread (pancake) is a mile better. Hot, fresh and crunchy, so good.  I give 4 stars on this.Grilled pepper chicken with rice ($5.95) - Chicken is on the sweet side and not spicy at all, kind of disappointed.Soup dumplings (9/$6.25) - much smaller than pictured, skin is kind of thick but tasty.Overall it's not a bad place, will go back to try their spicy big tray chicken.
This is truly a secret gem in Chinatown. It is incredibly small, holds about 12 seats for sitting, and you could easily miss it. When I first approached it I was a little hesitant. Although I hate to admit it, but the "A" on the door was that extra push that lead me inside this magical restaurant.Vegetable Hui Mei (with yam noodles) AThis is not your average vegetable soup. The taste and flavor is so unique. They definitely don't use store bought vegetable broth. The noodles were the perfect consistency of chewy and the seaweed is not your average seaweed you would find in miso soup. So good, I would suggest any of the soups.Spicy Chicken Hui Mei A+Wow. These hand made noodles are worth the trip of hopping on and off multiple trains (because the trains were screwed up and maybe someone wasn't paying attention). The noodles are perfectly al dente and hold the flavor of the dish very well. The chicken was also very tender and flavorful. I would suggest any of the hand pulled noodle dishes.The waitress was really friendly. Ask and you shall receive. Everything on the menu is at least under $7. It's the best $14 I've ever spent. Yes this is my secret. Shh.
The pork pancakes are soooo delicious! That is the one thing I crave from here. Not the noodles. Not the big tray chicken. The pork pancakes!! But I have to say that the big tray chicken is also very good. I wish it had more chicken and less potatoes! This place is the epitome of hole in the wall! I'm actually surprised when I pop in on a random night to see this tiny dingy place just filled with non-Asians!
great inexpensive food, but really more than just that - complex, delicious regional flavors that are as authentic as the best chinese food you can get in nycbig plate of chicken and the lamb noodle soup are never dissapointingquick and easy (unless you're going for dinner on a saturday night)
Get the big tray chicken, add noodles, and share with a friend. You probably won't need to order much more than that. It's delicious but not as spicy as I would have liked.The place is small so it gets crowded! I went right at 1pm and got seated, but place filled up quickly.
It truly is as the reviews say - authentic and super tasty!! There is a reason why the Spicy Vegetable Hui Mei is on the list of top 8 Chinese foods to eat in NYC - the hand-pulled noodles and the tofu are deliciously spicy and tasty!!
I tried their dry hand pulled oxtail noodle and lamb noodle. I really liked their oxtail noodle, it tasted very fresh and they give generous amount of meat. However, I didn't like their lamb noodle as much. I would definitely go back for an oxtail noodle. It is very cheap and definitely a must go place.
I ended up ordering the big tray chicken with a side of noodles (3/5 maybe since it was hyped up to be so good I was a little disappointed there was a ton of flavor, but there was something off about the dish. The noodles were good though. ), soup dumplings (2.5/5 Your average dumplings nothing special and I would not order them again.), pork pancake and beef pancake (3.5/5 The meat in these pancakes had great flavor and the pancake itself was nice and crispy.)
BYOB, fast service, divey restaurant, cheap food.I got the spicy beef brisket noodles which weren't spicy at all. I mean people rave about it but as a fellow Chinese person there are so many better versions of this dish. For the serving amount it's def worth it if you want something quick filling and cheap. won't be returning for the noodles though I have yet to try the chicken everyone loves.
There's always a line... So I went to get haircut with my friend to kill time (LOL), and we missed the line, and waited again - WORTH IT! Hahaha.Very good food and cheap AF. Their meat pancake OMG!!! SO MUCH BETTER than XIAN Famous Food. GOOOOO!!!
Spicy big tray chicken is not that good, the chicken is a little hard to chew, and not really spicy. Pancake is not bad, would recommend.
This place is so small....................... I mean small...... Railroad / narrow type of restaurant. Smaller than the mta busses and school busses. I couldn't believe it. Surprisingly for a small place. It is clean. I have to admit. Grade A rating. Food was cheap, spicy and gooood. - Pork Pancakes - Spicy Scallion Sauce Dumplings - Soup Dumplings- Spicy Big Tray Chicken w/ NoodlesCons:**I am a huge fan of Soup Dumplings. However... Steer clear of their soup dumplings. - thick skin - barely any soup- Overall it may look like a decent size portion but it is not.** Pork Pancakes were good but nothing to rave about.Seatings are a first come first serve. Basically seat yourselves. If it wasn't for a friend, I wouldn't even notice this tiny place. Or knew how good was. Everything is most spicy hence the name Spicy Village.
Tiny hole in the wall on Forsyth that I would have never thought of walking into but boy was I glad we did!!!! Small but clean, this place is a must try for noodles and snacks. We shared an order of spicy dumplings, the braised beef nobody's and the lamb noodles. Orders the small for the noodles and it came out with super generous portions. Will def be putting this in my cheap lunch rotations! Service was quick and friendly.
The pork and cabbage dumplings were awesome and the spicy pan chicken was everything that I hoped it would be. Lots of flavor to be found in this small hole in the wall restaurant. The staff were courteous, the place was clean, the food was hot, and most importantly out of everything the food was AMAZING!
Cheap, fast, amazingly spicy tingly chewy noodles! Came at around 1:30 pm on a Wednesday and did not have to wait to be seated. Ordered the spicy big tray of chicken with side orders of hand pulled noodles! $14 for the tray and $1.50 for each noodle clump. The food came out (no joke) within 5 minutes, piping hot and begging to be devoured. It's the perfect remedy to these blustery spring days. Tip: BYOB, but you must spend a minimum of $10 per person. They give you these big Styrofoam cups to drink out of.
Sadly doesn't live up to the hype. I love the hole in the wall vibe and the BYOB, but their signature Big Tray Chicken was only good, not great. The spicy beef brisket on noodle was terrible, it was like they totally forgot to flavor it, not a chili in sight.
My sister wanted to visit Spicy Village after reading good reviews of the restaurant. While the seating is very limited we were lucky and came in with a table available. The food was really good and very cheap which makes it a great spot to stop for a quick lunch. This will always be a must when visiting NY.
Checked it out on a tip from a friend and was not let down. Got the Pancake w/Pork and the Brisket & Noodles (dry) and the total was $11.25, great deal! Definitely superior to most all of the food I've had in Chinatown. There was a wait outside for seating but they graciously take your order for takeout and are a very friendly staff considering how hectic it is there.
Get the big tray spicy chicken it was so good and the chicken was so flavorful and add noodles with it. Tonight we call ahead of time was told the wait was 30 mins. We waited for a hour and still was not seated. The worst part was that the waitress seated a party of 5 and another party of 3 before us. This is not acceptable. In the end we left disappointed frustrated and will not be returning in the future
Tiny Chinese restaurant which serves dishes with humongous flavor at a very low price.  The bill for five people was $40.  We had perfectly cooked spicy hand-pulled  noodles,  soup dumplings which were second only to Joe's Shanghai but only by a little. (  The noodles used for the dumplings were better here but there was less soup in the dumplings).  a large chicken tray which tasted like  a chicken stew and which was incredibly tender and flavorful, pork pancakes which had a stewed pork with incredible pancakes  and a veggie thin noodle dish which is listed on the menu as a wide noodle dish. Overall,  it was a gastronomic delight.
Tiny place with food packed full of flavor!My boyfriend and I came here on a Friday night around 8:30, hoping there wouldn't be a long wait but not surprisingly, there was a wait. We waited about 20 minutes but the great thing about this place is that they take your phone number so you can wander off until they call you that your table is ready. It's located right next to a very busy park so we just chilled there until it was time to feast. First off, this place allows BYOB (as long as you hit the $10min order) so we had a bottle of white wine with our meal. It was great with all the food we ordered. We started off with the pickled cucumbers which I found to be both refreshing and flavored wonderfully. The pickling had great flavor. It was a bit garlicky and vinegary but very well-balanced. It wasn't overpowering like some other places I've had. It was great because I didn't feel like I had to rinse my mouth in Listerine afterwards to wash out any overwhelming garlic taste. Adding some of the chili oil they have with the cucumbers enhanced it to another level. Really good.Then we shared the Big Tray Chicken with two portions of noodles and soup dumplings (9 pieces). The soup dumplings were average. There wasn't much soup to it on the inside but I really liked the skin of the dumpling, thin with a great chew to it. I would not go out of my way for them again but it was still worth a try. As for the Big Tray Chicken, that was full of flavor. The noodles were perfectly al dente and paired well with their soy sauce, five spice, star anise chicken broth. The chicken was fall of the bone, super tender and was plentiful in relation to portion. There was enough left over for another meal. I think the only negative about the dish (and this is a personal preference) is that there was too much star anise to it. There were large bits of star anise that when bitten created a very strong taste in your mouth that I personally am not a fan of. Regardless, the quality and execution was still delicious. I definitely would love to go back and eat more of what they have to offer!
The food was delicious, but we ordered the same time as the guy next to us and didn't get our food until he had eaten and left.
Small, friendly place. Good for small gathering, their spicy chicken noodle is the best
Gem in chinatown!!Came to this place around 7pm, and there was line outside the door already!Really small spot, could probably seat 20 people? My friends and I sat in a table combined with another party, which we didnt mind at all!Order the Spicy Brisket Noodles and the minced beef noodles. Meals came quick. Both were absolutely delicious, perfect for the cold! Though the workers were extremely busy, they still served us with a smile and didn't rush us out at all. Definitely a must-try if youre in chinatown!
I love Spicy Village, been coming here since last year, and they always satisfy me with their fresh food and bold, sinus-clearing sauces and delicious noodles. The people who work here are friendly, and it's a good casual place to come and eat. They serve you tap water for free when you sit down. Very reasonable, I pay $7 for a pretty large bowl of lamb hu mei. I'm pretty sure their noodles are homemade too, they smell like it and taste like it. They're doughy, soft and filling, yet firm and not mushy. The slices of lamb are very good, although it can be slightly dryMy only complaint would be the space is a bit awkwardly shaped- the tables are lined up in a linear way along the wall, and it can be tight and cramped, and sometimes you get stuck sitting at the same table as a random person if they're busy. Overall, bang for your buck, delicious fresh food, and quick, friendlier service than the rest of Chinatown. Not a place to try to impress someone aesthetically, but if the focus is the food, this is the Taj Mahal
I visited Spicy Village for the first time last night. My friend told me this place was packed when she tried to go earlier, but when we arrived around 6:30 we were able to snag a table without any wait.I ordered #26, the spicy beef brisket dry hand-pulled noodles (hui mei). It was SO GOOD--beyond my expectations, and I grew up eating these flavors, so I have very high standards. I believe they make the noodles themselves (they definitely looked and tasted fresh).The noodles were just the right amount of chewy, and the beef was flavorful and tender. The bok choy was perfect too--the pieces weren't too big, so each leaf was flavorful. Overall, I loved the dish and would recommend it to anyone.My friend got #29, the spicy vegetable hui mei, and she really enjoyed her dish as well. We both cleared our bowls, and left full and satisfied.This restaurant looks like a hole in the wall, but like most Chinatown gems served amazing food at insanely low prices--our combined bill came out to less than $20. It's very close to the Grand St. subway stop, so if you're ever in the area I highly recommend this restaurant.
Spicy VillageNY Manhattan LES9:30pm Saturday 2nd January 2016Four StarsAfter three whiskeys, it was time for some moderately cheap Chinese food. I decided on Spicy Village which is South of LES and North of Chinatown. It's small 20 person place with bright fluorescent lights and paper menus. I had the #26 Spicy Brisket Noodles ($6.95) and #9 Soup Dumplings ($6). The noodles were rustically cut with a chewy texture. The beef was braised to a tender texture but had some fat and collagen. The baby bok choy were crisp and nice element of crunch. There were plenty herbs and spices. It was Asian Spicy with that numbing/tingly feeling. The Soup dumplings were a bit small but juicy. The skin was a slightly too thick but the meat was tender. I would recommend something else but it was okay.
Everything that I was going to say about this place has been said. I know, I checked. For as much slag as Yelp takes, when 250 people review a restaurant, they tend to find the best things about it. Hooray for group think. Hooray for delicious food. Hooray for holes in the wall. Hooray for everything.The pancake is good. It's even better dipped in sauce. The noodles are good, the sauces they come in is great. I even love that you can get a mess of noodles without broth. Even the soup dumplings are totally worth getting. The non-soup variety as well.
The price for three and the spicy chicken is worth the trip and wait. It's trending because it caught viral notification but the place is unassuming and your traditional Chinatown restaurant so dress down and wear dark attire cause there gonna soup and sauce everywhere.
Tasty, cheap, old school Chinatown. Best handpulled noodles I've had in the entire city (slightly better than Xian's). The soup dumplings are disappointing, but really cheap and not bad if you're craving them.
Super tiny and crowded restaurant but the "big tray chicken" was very tasteful, it made the wait worth it.
One of my food knowledgeable friends asked if I would join him at Spicy Village, one of his favorite restaurants in Chinatown.  I wholeheartedly trusted his opinion and agreed to meet him for dinner.  Just before my arrival, I received a text from him saying that he was running late, but I proceeded to the space myself, unsure of what type of environment I would discover.  The small restaurant was completely packed, which was a fabulous sign.  Scents of spice, particularly cumin, wafted over me and caused my stomach to growl, as I waited for a table to become available.  Luckily a large group of children left with their chaperones, and I was seated to wait for my friend.  As soon as he arrived, he mentioned that this cuisine was from a lesser known region of China called Henan.  He then provided his recommendations, and I went along with the suggestions, eager to try his favorite dishes.Despite asking for our appetizers to arrive prior to the entrees, which was certainly not an unusual request, our meal was presented out of order and left us with very little free space on our small table.  The Pork Pancake was like a panini.  The dough was toasted on both sides, giving it a really satisfying crunch.  The inside was stuffed with marinated pork and scallions.  I had never had anything sandwich-like like that at an Asian restaurant, and I just loved how simple, yet flavorful, it was!  Our giant order of Dumplings were filled with a well-seasoned blend of pork and vegetables.  The noodle wrappers were delicate and perfectly cooked.  A Spicy Scallion Sauce had been poured over the dumplings and added an extra kick.  Since we had already indulged in a pancake, we decided to have our Grilled Pepper Chicken served with plain old rice instead.  This dish was rather standard, but contained a hardy amount of fresh peppers and a sweet marinade that made it very enjoyable.  The Spicy Big Tray Chicken was my friend's "must" and apparently other diners felt the same, as almost every table was indulging in this delicacy.  Essentially, chunks of freshly butchered chicken were served on the bone with a slight flash fry.  Big boulders of potato added a starchy balance to the protein-heavy stew.  We also added some of their hand-pulled noodles to be thrown in and soak up the broth, allowing us to sample one of their house specialties.  The soup at the bottom of the tray was pleasantly indescribable.  Each spoonful offered layer upon layer of unique spices and aromas.  It was truly an intoxicating experience!Spicy Village was a casual, affordable place that really did not look like much, but it offered a powerful essence of China that I had never experienced anywhere else.
We wanted authentic Chinese, and we definitely got that. Hole in the wall in Chinatown, make sure you make a reservation and show up on time. The food was perhaps a bit too authentic for our not all that adventurous family. The hot and sour soup tasted a bit soapy. The dumplings and sesame chicken were great. The best thing was the price. Nowhere in New York could we feed a family of six for well under $100 but there. It's bring your own alcohol, so make sure to remember to stop at the corner store for some beer or wine if you want that with your meal. It was also nice that we didn't ever get rushed, even though they could have seated another party right away. The service was very good.
I could overlook the filthy tables, the rushed service, the styrofoam cups/plates and the long wait if the food was good. Honestly it was just OK - Xi'An Famous Foods has similar dishes and the food is so much better. Our Big Tray of Chicken with Noodles & Spicy Beef Brisket noodles both came out cold and with very little spice.  Our soup dumplings never came out. When we mentioned they were on our bill the owner insisted they took a long time to prepare and rushed them out even though we had clearly finished eating and had been sitting there waiting to pay. Fine - we got them to go. They must be hard up for the $6.50.
Hole in the wall,  no frills restaurant. Service was fast, waiter gave accurate recommendations on food choice and portion size.Had the big chicken tray...delicious spicy broth and nice noodles, but the chicken itself was a bit dry and rough..didn't taste fresh and felt like it was cooked multiple times over
Came here for lunch as a recommendation, and was a little disappointed with all the rave about this place. The menu was fairly priced, but I've definitely tasted better food elsewhere. I got the oxtail hand pulled noodle and the chicken plate (shareable between 4 people). The chicken plate was huge and consisted of a ton of spicy chicken. It was a bit underwhelming in terms of flavor though. We also ordered the pickled cucumbers and dumplings, which were the only things I'd recommend getting here. I'm quite surprised how many raving reviews there are of this place, but maybe others just hyped up my expectations and thus, I came with much too high expectations. During lunch time, the crowd definitely picked up and people were waiting in line for a seat. The restaurant is a small hole in the wall with only a few tables, so it's quickly filled up. My 4 friends and I (we are all super small) had to squeeze into a table in the corner, which was not the biggest deal, but we weren't even able to put our backpacks anywhere.
I studied in western China and fell in love with dapanji. Nowhere, except for Spicy Village, could I find it cooked so perfectly. Delicious.
They sent the wrong dish to us! after that,they just took the wrong one into kitchen and took it out immediately!they only changed the meat,not noodle.they are two different type of dishes.also,the vegetables are not fresh and bad.we have been waiting for the food for a long long time.and there was only three customers at that time.
My bestie and I came here for an authentic Chinese noodle and we ordered spicy chicken huimei and spicy lamb huimei. They both had lots of herbs and tasted authentic, but it didn't hit my spot 100%. Since I work so close to this restaurant and it's cheap (cash only), I'll frequent this place if I crave spicy noodle with broth. Their pork pancake is also authentic!
This place is a hidden gem in Chinatown. I found this place via yelp, & of course I had to check it out. It was either this place or Noodle Village. (Shout out to Joanna N. She made my decision easier).Spicy Village is extremely small. It has about 6-8 tables. Tables are pretty much side by side where you can literally hear one's conversation. Service is average. It's Chinatown I can't really expect much.                     Now for the good stuff: 1) BIG tray of chicken, this dish lives up to its name. This dish consisted of chicken, potatoes, spices, & broth. Did I mention chicken and hella more chicken??! We also added noodles to ours. This can feed 2-4 people. 2) Beef pancake was ok, nothing to rave about. Perfect size for a little appetizer or snack. 3) Soup dumplings were okay. The skin was way too thick.
Quick to get in and the food was great!! My brother and I split a big tray & some duplings and it was all AMAZING!!  We would definitely recommend!
I agree that the hype is bigger than its bite. Not a big fan of cumin so the Big tray of chicken was lost on me. On par or less so that Xian. We also ordered both the beef and pork pancakes. Could not tell the difference, but enjoyed both. The outside is nice and crunchy. This was probably my favorite. The dumplings had a nice filling but the dough was way too thick. Lastly we had the tomato/egg huimei with bok choi. Low key but nice. I don't need to come back and wait for 45 minutes. We have gone to other places that I will keep going too.
DO NOT ORDER TAKEOUT FROM HERE! I placed an order, confirmed after 1 hour it was on its way, and after 2.5 hour was told it was delivered to another address and they refused to reimburse me. I cannot speak to the food, but if you order delivery, don't expect it to come and don't expect to get your money back.
Small restaurant owned by fujianese people that serves flavorful street food that you would find in China. My inards noodle soup is very strong to the bite. It has the taste and smell of the animal and whatever it ate. The pancake is fairly simply made baked and pan fried. It comes out fluffy and taste even better when dipped in soup.Waiting for a time to come back and try their other dishes. Prices are cheap and reasonable.
More of a 3.5. Pretty good. Definitely a spot u wanna hit up if ur around and want that authentic chinese, but if ur here as a tourist I wouldnt make this one of my stops unless u dont know wsup with authentic Chinese. Food is comparable as the Chinese Ive had in Cali but nuthin crazy special. The spicy lamb pot with extra noodles and the pork pancake were the best items in my opinion. The XLB's were solid but not the best ive had.Overall, it def hit the spot for asian food but if im gonna be comin over from cali again id probably save the stomach space.
Ayo, I tried the lamb noodle and the pork pancake. The noodles are fucking delicious, and there's a damn lot of noodles. The lamb portions were very generous, the flavor was spicy and somewhat not salty but overall it was very good for the price. The pork pancake was off the hook! There's some savory flavor in there that's just amazing, the hit of cilantro just makes it that much better.There's a lot of gwailo here (google that shit,) so they can be fucking annoying, asking for dumb ass shit like mineral water and being loud talking about how cheap it is here and their cats. If you can ignore the dumbasses, this place got some good ass food, so go here!
This place is right in the heart of Chinatown and across the street from a busy park so it's kind of tucked in if you don't know what to look for. The inside is small but quaint and the food is extremely well priced. My husband and I are two very full plates and had two cokes for less than $15.I really enjoyed my spicy pepper chicken plate with white rice. It was filling and delicious. The waitress was friendly and helpful. I recommend this restaurant to other out of Towners that venture into Chinatown.
Went there for lunch with friends. They have huge portion sizes which made us hard to finish our meal.The menu was little hard to understand, but staff helped with order.The only thing I did not like was most options were available with noodles where I wanted to have rice as the base.
Was told the wait would be 30 min but it ended up being over an hour. Food is mediocre, definitely not worth the wait. Don't waste your time, go somewhere else.
I'm stumped. Why all the great reviews? Having lived in Beijing for a year, I have pretty high standards for my noodles. To date, I've been surprised at the amount of good offerings in Manhattan, but neither of my visits so far to Spicy Village left a great impression. A glance at the baidu page for hui mian/烩面 will show textbook examples of what these kinds of noodles should look like. Unfortunately, the broth of the soup noodles didn't taste like much of anything on my last visit, although the noodles are clearly homemade and their texture is pretty legit. The best thing about Spicy Village is that the owner and the two girls who work there are very sweet. Perhaps trying their 大盘鸡/big plate o'chicken next time will change my perception, but I couldn't imagine standing in line for this place! Just go to one of the other perfectly good noodle shops nearby.
Whenever you decide to come here, come with a small group. This restaurant seats 20, but even during prime time on Friday night, they were able to seat 2 in only 30 minutes.  The perfect amount of time for a quick beer nearby.As usual, I trusted my friendly yelpers advice and decided to split the big tray of chicken. It came out fairly quickly. It is well-named, and is somewhat spicy with a very flavorful broth. The chicken pieces are very tender and delicious, but you have to work for your meal in terms of separating meat from bone. The ambiance is not the reason to come here, as it's a typical Chinatown hole-in-the-wall in appearance. Plastic cutlery and disposable napkins are standard fare here. But if you're looking for a different type of Chinese food than most places in the US then look no further - this big tray of chicken is for you. We also supplemented our meal with the pork pancake and it was nice to change it up a bit from just chicken!
Large portions and a small price make for a good dining experience. Even on a Monday night it's kinda crowded so just be warned. I had the spicy chicken hei mui and dumplings and was really impressed with both.
The best hand pulled noodles. Cheap and fast. Cash only. The pepper chicken plate is my favorite and I order it with the noodles. Their pickled cucumber is a great appetizer. Their pancake with Beef is a must, take it to go and enjoy walking around the neighborhood;)
My Personal ChefSpicy Village is my favorite type of restaurant: authentic. A place you can go on your best and worst day. The food is simple and delicious. With all the variety in New York, a large plate of bok choy fried with salt and oil can be hard to find. The roast bun is equally modest and mouthwatering. This is the way I want to eat every day.
Like others have said, this place is pretty small, so you will most likely have a bit of a wait, but it was worth it.  We had a long wait, but that was because half our party wasn't there when the table they had for us was ready. It's a pretty quick turnover rate, since the food comes out pretty quick.  If a group decideds to linger for awhile then you're in trouble.   Our whole group showed up, and after a bit more of a wait we were finally seated!  At that point we were really hungry, and all the food I had been watching come out of the kitchen looked amazing. The four of us decided to just get dishes to share, not infividual.  There was a lot positive feedback for the tray of chicken, so we got that, and it did not disapoint!  The chicken was really good, and the broth too.  I also liked the potatoes in it, that was kind of unexpected.  We also got stemed pork dumplings, and soup dumplings.  Both very good!  Also, pretty decent sized portions of everything.  Last we got a brisket noodle dish.  It was good too, not really spicy, and I really liked the noodles in it. It was plenty of food for four hungry people, and we didn't even completely finish everything. Also super cheap, with tip it was about $10 per person!  I love that about Chinatown!Really good, I would definitely go back, as long as I wasn't in a rush to get somewhere after. Also it's BYOB, so that's always a plus. It's cash only, which I hate, but it was expected.  And like I said it wasn't really expensive, so I could handle it.
I had chicken big tray and was ok but Noddles portion was very small so asked another bowl of Noddles and they charge 3$ for it
Ordered the spicy chicken hui me. While the dish had good texture and was flavorful at first, towards the end the MSG left a strong residual feel in my mouth and those chicken pieces were sub par for sure. Now I get that the price tag was just $6.85 but does that really justify the barely clean ambience and the MSG??? I think not. I've had cheaper meals in ny city and honestly I'd rather compromise on qty than quality. Uggh!
This place has been around for a while and definitely well known among social media.  What's so good about it is their spicy big tray chicken!  This plate is easily shareable for two people or even three people if you add noodles to it.  Definitely a must, must, must have!  It comes with crispy chicken pieces inside an oily, spicy, salty broth that fits perfectly with some hand pulled noodles.  The "broth" is good for dipping and some noodles but don't try to drink it directly because it will burn you and make you super thirsty.
My friends were super late so I asked if i could wait inside and they were very nice about it. i ended up waiting at a table while studying for 30 min but they didn't shoot me any dirty looks or anything.My friends and I split a Big Tray Chicken and wow.. it sure was good.I'm korean, so if you've had korean food... this is like the chinese equivalent of dakdoritang. Spicy Chicken soup with potatoes. But this version has a more chinese flavor profile, especially the spices used. It was really delicious but also interesting because I think they dried the chicken a little. It had a more pork-like texture. If you like spicy foods, chicken, potatoes... BOOM. this is your dish. It's big enough for 4 people to share (with other sides) but if you're just gonna eat this.. maybe 2 people. price was pretty good too.hope to come back and try some other dishes
ordered big tray chicken with three plain huimian to share with two friends. Great taste and I love the noodle especially.
Small small small place. There might be a wait. Big tray chicken, dumplings, and a beef pancake that's better than xi'an's lamb version are all worth it. Got more food than we could handle for 5 people for 12 bucks each.
I love this place! This style of Chinese food is not easy to find. There are only a couple other Henan style restaurants located in Queens. I come here once or twice a week for take out. My usuals right now are the egg and tomato hand pulled noodles and the lamb meat soup with rice. Usually, I will order one of those items along with a beef pancake for take out. These two dishes are not spicy. But, there are many items on the menu that are spicy almost like a Szechuan kind of spice. You can also make any dish spicy with their amazing hot sauce. All of the dishes have a nice balance of a protein with vegetables, and their dishes are not heavy, yet full of flavor. Spicy village is a gem of a restaurant that serves unique Henan style cuisine at a great price. They have a small dining room, so be prepared to wait during prime dinner time.
This place is a hidden gem for sure. Can't really explain how much I love this! Price is good and the food is soooooo soooooo tasty! Completed satisfied with their big tray chicken, pancakes, and soup!
spicy beef brisket noodles (no soup), soooo good. sometimes the noodles on top are dry so you have to dip them into the bottle of the bowl where all the spicy sauce is. ended up being something like $8.50 after tax.
This is based on the pork pancake alone (3/5 stars)I went there around 1:15 pm, and luckily there wasn't a lot of people. A couple, and two other people eating separately.There was air-conditioning, which was good, since it was 93 degrees out. I was surprised as most places around don't really have it.The place appeared to be clean enough, and the female server was politeAfter reading the yelp reviews I was actually disappointed with the pork pancake. The bread was premade, you see a big pack of it on the counter. That wasn't the problem, but I felt the bread lacked a little salt and was more dry than most bunsBut the actual problem was the meat inside. It had the consistency of pulled pork, with minced pieces of fat scattered. I love pulled pork, if done right.To put it simply, the meat lacked flavor; spices. I wasn't expecting amazing flavor for $3, but at the least I thought there'd be some cumin in there.So the pork was bland. Usually restaurants would make it up with a sauce. Unfortunately there was no sauce, so all you taste is the pork flavor.It had maybe 3-4 small pieces of cilantro to give it some texture and a burst of maybe flavor, but...not really.Overall, because the bread lacked salt, you couple that with the pork and the overall bite in your mouth comes out tasting dry, bland and almost flavorless.The only pro is the big size. It's about 5 inches in diameter It's really just a Chinese version of the burger, with the bun sort of like a panini and it has a small crunch. The bread wasnt too oily. Just a hint of oil.Overall it is a rather lighter version, but the lack of spices and a sauce I would Not get it again. I rather get a small burger at burger King because objectively I did not enjoy eating bland dry bread and meat. It made me queasy actually.I might come back to dine in and try the dry hui mei's, hopefully it has some spices and flavor.
The lamb burger here is one of my favorite menu items in Chinatown. The pork/beef variant is also really good.
About room for 8 people. This place is terrible, stay away. Especially don't try the rice cake pancake or the vegetarian tofu soup. I really don't want them to run out when I'm there. Yup. Don't go here. Stay away.
Great noodle dishes and spicy dumplings. Unassuming, but always a great indulgent dinner treat. Don't wear any white clothes you care about so you can freely slurp away and enjoy.
Hole-in-the-wall BYOB affair that isn't too be overlooked! $5.25 for a large plate of pork dumplings as an appetizer, quite good. I rue the fact I didn't order the famous Chicken Tray Dish. Although I am certain I shall come back (with my own beer) and order it.For the main course I had a spicy chicken noodle soup. Bone and dark meat and gristle and new herbs I have yet to identify. An experience for sure, but not something I would order again.Styrofoam water cups and disposable chopsticks and a single row of small tables. The cute waitress with fragile English is probably related to the owner(s), the shanty decor is part of the appeal. I will certainly be coming back.
Spice Village? More like spice bomb! The "tray of chicken" (as it's called on the menu) is so heavy-handed on the spices that it blows out your palette. The spices aren't strained but left in the soup so when you spoon some of the broth you have to bite into the spices. It was like eating potpourri!
I ordered the Spicy Vegetable Hui Mei. Much less oil, and less salty than X'ian's comparable Mount Qi noodles. Also, it has the right amout of spiciness. Both are good in their own way. Ultimately it does taste more home cooked as opposed to the casual fast restaurant that X'ian is. And it has more vegetables (bok choi) and tofu. Both veggies were delicious with perfect texture.Service was quick, just like every Chinatown restaurant. The portion for the inexpensive price was generous as well. Not much seating - maybe fitting 14 people at once - but it's very clean. Love the old wood walls too - it's a genuine spot.
The oxtail noodle dish was too strong of a spice that was not delightful.  We didn't get served any water.  The inky thing going for them was just OK sesame chicken according from my two kids.
i love the tomato and egg noodles, and the zha jiang mian here. all the noodles are handpulled and fresh.the sandwiches are good as well - i like the beef sandwich. its greasy and crunchy. yummmmbeware of the water here. tastes a bit funky. tip: buy a canned soda. next time, i want to try the big tray chicken.
This is a small place in Chinatown, with not much seating. I had to wait for about 10 min before I was seated.I think its BYOB? I saw people bring their own alcohol. Also, you need to pay for water I think.I wasn't sure of what to order but I saw everyone order the big tray of chicken. So I did the same. It was spicy, and delicious. The meat was so tender! I also had the handpulled noodles with fishballs. The fishballs had pork in them, those are the best kind. I wish I had more space to order the dumplings, and the pancakes.The prices are super reasonable too.Can't wait to come back.
I discovered Spicy Village last year during a week when I tried to give up meat. I was getting off the D train and absolutely famished. I was so close to just giving up on my attempt and going to Wah Fung for some cheap, delicious roast pork over rice(yay willpower!) but on my way there, I did a quick yelp search and Spicy Village popped up. Someone had posted a shot of this egg tomato hui mei and it looked oh so delicious. It reminded me of the stir fry that my mom makes, home cooking that I miss so much so I had to get it. And, Spicy Village is just across the park from Wah Fung so it worked out.I ordered the egg tomato hui mei and hurried home to the tune of my growling stomach. This particular hui mei is one of the dry options offered(they have soup hui mei too) so there was just a teeny bit of broth on the bottom. I wasn't able to coat all of the noodles with the broth so I did not expect each bite to be consistent but I was so wrong. The lightly coated hui mei was so ridiculously flavorful. The hui mei is a wider cut noodle but with a great chewy texture. The bits of soupy egg soaked in tomato was so tasty,  and the bok choy and cucumber slices on top were plentiful, crunchy and perfect. The portion was also very generous and a total steal for $5. I absolutely loved this dish. Since that time,  I've been back at least a dozen times and have ordered the same dish each time. Can't get enough! After my vegetarian week, I also tried the dumplings and the pork pancake. The dumplings aren't the best here, rather thick skinned, but the pork pancake is incredible. The pancake is so light and toasty and is stuffed with tender stewed pork and cilantro. Perfect snack or..appetizer before the hui mei! Cheap and delicious. I always come hungry and leave satisfied. Yay Spicy Village!On a side note,  there is a drawing of a family holding hands on the wall by the counter and it is absolutely precious and brings a smile to my face each time I see it. Too cute.
Gahhhhhh SO GOOD. We had to wait a long time for a table, but it was completely worth it. Also, the staff was really friendly while we waited, checking in on us every once and a while, giving us menus, and even taking our order before we were seated.As everyone says, the Big Plate Chicken is amazing. The broth is intense; once you get to the bottom, it's loaded with whole spices (peppercorns, cumin seeds, etc.). There is loads of chicken, too (obviously). We also got a plate of dumplings and pork pancakes. The pork pancakes were a standout - the bread was crispy, the pork flavorful.I loved that nothing that we got was very greasy. It all had the potential to be really oily, but instead everything tasted freshly cooked and was free of any oil slick. The pork pancakes were especially noteworthy for this, too: not at all greasy.The one downside: they don't give you water. It's BYOB and we were just unprepared.Overall: COME. Or don't. I don't want to have to wait in line next time. But really, come and get amazingly delicious and crazily cheap yet still high quality food.
people come here for one thing: big tray chicken. first time, and it didn't disappoint. it's a large serving of chopped bone-in chicken and potatoes topped with cilantro. the chicken seems lightly fried and then covered in a spicy broth. I'll give it a heat factor of 7 on a scale of 10 (with 10 being extremely spicy)  rice and noodles are extra. but if you like chewy pulled noodles, this is for you. not as chewy as xian's noodles, which suited me just fine. one order of noodles wasn't that much for two people but it is sufficient if you order some other items. the noodles are placed on top of the chicken and you should mix it in and let the noodles soap up that spicy goodness. also ordered some bok choy (served on a disposable foam plate) which was decent. the xlb's (soup dumplings) aren't that interesting. probably wouldn't order again. this place is not that big. actually, it is rather cramped. about 3 tables of four an a couple of two tops. it is a true chinatown experience in the best sense. luckily we didn't have to wait too long, but be prepared to wait at least 10-20 minutes. another plus is that it's a byob place. lots of people toting tsingtaos (probably from the grocery store next to it). the teenage  waitress was really nice and recommended dishes to us as we pondered our choices. she recommended a beef brisket noodles dish, which we almost got. would get this the next time. definitely coming back.
this is my favorite restaurant in NY. every single thing on the menu is amazing, so cheap, and the staff is lovely. Spicy scallion noodles or spicy scallion dumplings are my current favorite, so simple, so perfect. You can't go wrong.
This place is great and super affordable. Usually packed out the door, but when one of the tables is open it's always a go to for dumplings, noods, and beef.
This is a great spot to dine in on a cold winter night but beware of limited space and a wait. The wait wasn't that bad actually (15 minutes for 4... the two in front of us said they waited 30, so I guess it varies) and they had pretty quick and good service.I really enjoyed the spicy scallion dumplings - I added more chili oil to hit the spot (cus it wasn't too spicy to begin with). I was looking forward to big tray of chicken, but I was underwhelmed. Chicken tasted like refried chicken (the dried kind) so it wasn't juicy nor tender, and it didn't add any much flavor to the stew. Food wasn't too shabby overall, but next time I return, I shall try the beef noodles!
This is probably the last of the greatest hole in the wall type of places in Chinatown. The hand made noodles, freshly boiled for hours bone broth is phenomenal. My favorite is the lamb broth, it's so good! Also had the big tray of chicken, which is super spicy and delicious. It's what this place is known for. Beware the dish is large and should be shared by multiple people. It's also super spicy but you can them to make it less spicy. The spice is a peppercorn Sichuan spice. The staff here are all Chinese so expect little English and think accents. There seems to be more and more non-Chinese people coming here lately so word must be spreading that this place is spicy yummy goodness.
This is our go-to spot in Chinatown! We've never had to wait, but for the first time the 2 of us had to wait on a Friday night for dinner, but they're good about calling you when you leave your number. So we ended up going to a dumpling place across the street and getting a quick appetizer. :)We always get two things: Big Tray Chicken (with fat noodles) and Beef Pancake. Big Tray Chicken is a bit spicy, but it's so good and is weirdly addicting? We end up getting two servings of noodles. Beef Pancake - I don't know what the dough is made out of but it has got to be one of my fave dishes in all of Chinatown, after Big Tray Chicken, of course.
Ate here yesterday for dinner. It doesn't seem to be owned by a Henanian. Nevertheless the Huimian dishes are authentic, flavorful and budget priced. Not like many other Chinese restaurants in Chinatown, the servers running around were very friendly and recommended good stuff to us. Most of the dishes are mildly spicy, and you can add spicy source to it if you feel like so.
Must-try place for Chinese food mania. The spicy chicken dish was nice. Except the chicken meat was kind of dry compared to the heavily marinated juicy fried chicken that I'm used to. Not particularly my type of dish but I liked the uniqueness and I can see why it's popular.
Excellent noodles and dumplings ! Out of the way, but near the B&D trains. My entire huge lunch of an entree , two appetizers and tea was $ 11  and could not finish.
I'm giving it one star for the cold soda otherwise this place was horrendous. The wait to get in was ridiculous. The place was filthy, the water pitcher they put on our table had crud on it. Service was basically get the people in and out as quick as possible, with those waiting standing right behind you. All that could be forgiven if the food was something special but it wasn't. Place sucked.
Liar ! Told everyone about 20 minutes to wait on line. We stand about two hours. Terrible attitude.
Ugh I hate to see my favorite restaurants in Chinatown get discovered and so popular I have to wait for 20 minutes for a seat. Spicy Village is one of those places - however the food is so good that it deserves more hype and a five-star review.Spicy Village is authentic, awesome Chinese food. The big tray chicken is awesome and can be taken home to make more chicken the rest of the week (no where as good tho...)! However, my favorite thing there are the pork burgers. I love pork burgers and I always try them every time I go to a Chinese restaurant that offers them. While Spicy Village is known for its big tray chicken and its noodles - this restaurant HAS THE BEST PORK BURGERS I HAVE EVER HAD ON THE EAST COAST! (obviously the California scene can't be fairly compared). Crunchy, delicious, oily buns stuffed with juicy pork...just thinking about it makes me want to make the 30 minute trek to Chinatown just to get another. The ladies who work there are also super nice!
The first time I came here I think I had the beef brisket hui mei. I remember it was tasty.This time I wanted to try the signature "big tray chicken"
Not sure what the excitement is about, the place is good but not great. Nothing too spicy, they should have been named  "Spicy" Village. People say to get the big plate of chicken with noodles (comes with some potatoes) but I didn't find it too impressive. Neither was the lamb noodles. The Chinese pork or beef hamburger was good though but not as good as a lamb burger from Xi'an.Very similar style with heavy use of cumin and peppercorn. I liked it, but just wasn't wowed. Place is small and family (I think?) run. Me and my friend shared a table with one random dude in a table meant for 4 to give you an idea of the pace in there. Might come back again with the right people, as they had a pretty interesting menu.
Little nook for good traditional noodles in chinatown. If you have not been to original-and-real-chinese-food parts of chinatown, this can be a different experience. Conclusion, good price, good noodles.
I love this place with all my heart!  When I come here, I know I will leave happy.As you'll see in the other reviews it's a solid, family-run hand-pulled noodle place with about 15 seats and 20 dishes.I like almost all of the Hui Mei noodles with my go-to dishes being the Tomato and Egg Hui Mei when I feel like getting something lighter) and the Spicy Chicken Hui Mei being my new favorite when I feel like something hardier.  The flavors are bold and the noodles are always perfectly al dente (but the Asian style).  With prices hovering around $6-7 for a bigass bowl of noodles, you really can't go wrong.If you come with a larger group, I recommend sharing the Big Tray of Chicken.  It has the same chicken in that's in the Spicy Chicken noodle dish but has the bonus of including potatoes which are so flavorful and soft.  Get it with noodles on top and *muah!* hog heaven!  This place is family run and while service ain't Per Se, they do a good job of getting food on the table quickly and with a smile.
I brought along a long-time resident of NYC to Spicy Village, hoping to introduce him to a gem in Chinatown that many of my friends had given their nod of approval on. It wasn't until we were at the entrance to this tiny eatery that he paused and said, "Oh, I've been here before. Except it used to be called Henan Flavor. Or something like that." Thus, despite what the number of reviews for this place may indicate, Spicy Village has been serving up tasty food for quite a few years.As with most places in Chinatown, there's not much by way of decor or service. The dining area is fairly sparse and consists of a few tables and chairs and a small counter area. Unsurprisingly, there are occasional lines that form during peak dining hours and table-sharing between smaller parties is sometimes a necessity. For the most part, though, diners are usually pretty quick, as it's not a place to dawdle and take your time. There's pretty much only one reason I came to Spicy Village, and it should be the reason you do as well: The Da Pan Ji (Big Plate of Chicken).Conceptually, it's a simple dish. A shallow metallic pot brimming with chunks of chicken and potatoes, which have been stewed in a delightful chili oil sauce. For just a dollar more, a generous serving of wide knife-cut noodles can (and should) be added. A final topping of cilantro completes the dish and the end result is absolutely mouthwatering, especially for those who enjoy a spicier edge to their food. Both the chicken and potatoes, which are cooked until soft and tender, easily absorb the flavor of the chili oil. Once the noodles are included, they similarly soak up the broth and become chewy, spicy bites of deliciousness. Piece by piece, the two of us finished this dish in a seemingly short amount of time.Even more satisfying is the final bill: You don't have to pull more than $10 per person out, inclusive of tax and tip. It was able to slightly ameliorate our guilt at being such gluttons, but in the end, it's a value proposition you can't turn down.
Wow, talk about a hidden gem! We almost walked by even when we were looking for this place.  I opted for the noodle soup while my wife went with the non-soup variety. Delicious hand-pulled noodles and steamed dumpling all for a reasonable price.This is definitely a spot you want to try for some authentic noodle bowls. I highly recommend it!
tl;dr: cramped, crowded, but simple dishes that's packed with flavor, and at a great price. Wait staff can be a bit rude. Get the pancake with beef as an appetizer! Be warned going in: it's a small place with as many chairs/tables they could cram in so if you like personal space, this isn't the place for you! The food is fantastic. I've eaten here various times and the different types of broths used for the soup are all very flavorful. The meats I got with the soups were lamb, beef, and seafood mix. Each were great and soaked in the flavors of the broth, tasting delicious. Their soup dumplings caught me by complete surprise. I've never had any that tasted like it before. The soup had a sweet flavor, which I usually find only in the pork in other places. It's not "omg amazing" but it is a nice change of flavor from the usual. Though, the skin was a bit tough, especially for the size. My absolute favorite thing to get from there is the pancake with beef. Imagine a sloppy joe but Chinese! The beef is very flavorful and the not so flavorful rice pancake does a good job of helping spread the spices of the beef while adding a nice crunch and a sweet after taste to it. I usually get 2 before ordering anything else, it's so good! The only complaint would be against the wait staff. They're always in a rush to move you (which is understandable given the size plus the usual long lines of people waiting for seats); though every time I went, they seem to not be so aggressive against certain customers/groups (white dudes in ties). The wait staff also seems to get a bit irritated when you ask for refills on your water/tea.
I ordered Big Tray of Chicken with Noodles. This is plentiful, tasty, and cheap food. I would recommend this dish to anyone who likes spicy seasoned chicken and potatoes. It is simply done and well executed. The noodles were tender and soak up the flavor of the sauce. The chicken was cut into pieces but still on the bone. This allowed it to be quite tender. You can't beat dinner for two under $20. All their other dishes looked good as well, but I simply could not finish that big ass tray of chicken. Highly recommend.
We had the lamb in hand pulled noodles in soup, spicy beef and spicy lamb hand pulled noodles. Definitely recommend this place for their hand pulled noodles! The lamb noodle is in a white and milky soup,started out tasting too lamby but it got better as I go and actually had pretty nice flavor. I enjoyed their dry noodles more though because the spicy level was perfect! and there was a good amount of meat, cilantro and bok choy in there.
Quite delicious. Small hole in the wall about 10 seats. Wanted to try their big plate chicken. It's a lot of food the noodles were delicious and perfectly seasoned. A bit spicy cumin fennel tons of potatoes and chicken. Their beef brisket noodles were ok also spicy. Their pancakes with beef and the one with pork while good nice crispy pancake had hardly any meat in it. Total was $32. Great inexpensive meal.
This is based on a delivery order. The food is really delicious but it takes around 45 minutes for them to delivery. Not sure if I'm going to order again.
The only(?) authentic place to get Henan huimian in Manhattan (has anyone even heard of this province?). It's filling, cheap, and fun to try if you're not familiar with this type of Chinese cuisine. I get the big bowl of seafood hui mian ($6.95) with seafood broth. The broth is not fishy and has the perfect level of seafood taste. It is a hole in the wall place, so seating is limited. I recommend coming off peak hours. Big tray chicken is also a must try for all you meat eaters out there!
Lovely homely vibes and BYOB! Delicious affordable food. there we're enough of us to sample a pretty broad range of the menu, and everything was on point. will be making this a regular destination!
Spicy Village is a legit hole in the wall. But anybody who's anybody knows that some of the world's best dishes come from random, inconspicuous dives.It was my first night back to NY after being away a spell, and all I wanted was some bomb ass food from the Orient. Actually, I wanted bomb and quick food. I was up from 4am to catch a flight, and was in no position for a long, drawn out stuffy dinner. Plus it was humid af. My dining companion and I end up going a little overboard, ordering 4 dishes between the two of us. Everything was delish, but I LOVED my Spicy Beef Noodle Dish. It was absolutely bursting w/ flavor. And the noodles were fresh w/ just the right consistency. And what would you guess our bill came to for these 4 dishes? Not even $30. For real. And that's including our 2 drinks.Shit is bananas, yo. B-A-N-A-N-A-S.
Da big plate is in the house.As weird as it's named, Big Plate Chicken is one of the key dishes at Spicy Village and a visit without ordering this is not done right. For only $12, you get huge plate of spicy Szechuan-style chicken with an assortment of potatoes and other veggies. Add wide rice noodles to add a little more substance to the dish. To be completely honest, the flavor isn't particularly strong, but you do get that "homemade" feel to the meal and it's definitely an amazing value. We also ordered a side of dumplings in broth, which helped round out our dinner.For about $10 a person, we left satisfied, happy, and with a little more money left in our wallets.
If I could give this place a zero star I would. People in Chinatown recommended this place. The Yelp reviews checked out too. Super small place. Only like 6 tables. Decided to give it a try anyway because some of the best food comes outta small hole in the walls. Nothing on the menu looked good. They have a ton of different noodle soups with stuff I've never even heard of. Mind you, I've been to China and have had the most crazy food. People next to me had ordered the soup and when it came out, the smell about made me puke. So I went with the garlic bokchoy. It was alright, nothing to rave about. Oh and CASH ONLY! Won't be back...
The good:-Super cheap-Fast service-Great flavor-Decent menu selection for vegetarians in ChinatownThe bad:-Not a whole lot of seating, but the point is to grab a quick delicious bite with some close friends and then hit the bars. (Or go to bed bc of an awesome food coma)
NYTimes has a review on this Chinatown hole in the wall which serves He Nan dishes. Ambience is definitely not for a date, and the 7 tables are tight in one row. Service also is not great, but the food is delicious. Especially the big tray chicken, but it's also loaded with MSG I think. Our sides were mediocre. Cash only.
Tucked away on Forsyth st is spicy village. It is likely my favorite asian restaurant in NYC. I have been many times for dinner. They specialize in food from the Henan region which is noodle and lamb heavy. The flavors of their Lamb hu mei, Dapanji (spicy big tray chicken), Cucumber with chili crisp, and Pork pancakes are amazing and seasoned incredibly well. The family that runs this joint are great people and treat their customers well. The spot is BYOB so be sure to go to the bodega around the corner to grab a beer. I will continue to have dinner here because it's always a good time.
I went to the restaurant tonight because of the big tray chicken craving and the high rating of the place. I must say I'm a  little disappointed. To start with, I don't know what those plastic spoons are doing there. I' m sure it wouldn't cost much more to have real spoons. They were terrible to look at or to use. It would be different if it was just a fast food place,then the plastic spoons could be forgiven. But it wasn't.Second,  the big tray chicken broke my heart. It was not fresh chicken meat to begin with. It was more like cured chicken meat which I can understand if some people prefer that cured meat flavor. But for me, I grew up eating "Da Pan Ji" using fresh chicken meat and it is 1000 times better. The cured chicken was way too dry. This dish is supposed to have fresh chicken meat, onions,potatoes, green peppers in it. They only had chicken and potatoes. That's ok. But the worst part was that the potatoes and the chicken were clearly cooked first and then put in the sauce as they did not soak up the flavor of the sauce. I understand that they want to speed up the process by cooking the meat and vegetables before hand. However, Da Pan Ji is just not a fast food dish. They use pressure cookers in China to make a fast version which turns out really nice. Because everything is at least cooked together in the sauce so the sauce has all the flavors from the meat and veggies while meat and veggies absorb the beautiful flavor from the sauce. The noodles in this dish was alright. Only if the dish was better, the noodles would have tasted like heaven...The triple salad was ok. I have not tried the other noodles but after giving a shot at the popular big tray chicken, I'm almost convinced that the noodles won't be up to my expectation. Sorry for the honest but not so positive review. But I personally didn't think the food was that tasty. Maybe I will try their noodles another time and it might change my mind. But for now, I really think they should improve that dish...
Nice hole in the wall restaurant. Good food. However it does get busy and people do wait to be seated. Pictures of the food are accurate from other posts. Food is also very affordable. They also seem pretty efficient at getting customers in and out quickly.
Truly spicy dishes. Small restaurant - must make reservation. Great value compared to other NY restaurant options.  Doesn't serve alcohol, but guest can purchase beverages next door at the corner store.
Ok. I love spicy foods and the restaurant's name is Spicy Village. For those who are not used to spicy foods or are not spicy foods mania, you may like it but if you are expecting to have really good spicy foods, this place is not a good place for you. I was really excited to have brunch at this place that i ordered two dishes just for myself (i am a young lady). Well, i already asked "please make it spicy". The foods came. I tried it. Oh no. I just wanted to return them. Spicy Beef Brisket was pretty good but wasnt spicy at all. But because it was pretty good i didnt say anything. But when my second order which is Grilled Pepper Chicken, which i asked for an extra spice, i was really upset. Didnt taste anything... Hah.. :)  I returned it to make it spicier but when it came back it was the SAME. Main point: if you are not a spices mania, you may go there and enjoy the foods! ;) I dont think it's a real Spicy Village.
So good.  So tasty.  So Sexy.  Drool.Big plate of chicken.  Lots of spices.  The chicken was like eating something from India, yet the noodles are from China, and yet the beautiful hot chick from Heaven.  Noodles were so smooth, hot and wet.  After biting into some peppercorns, I get a little set back, but then it makes me crave for some more.This place is so tasty and flavor punching that I want to eat it in my sleep and have an orgasam in my mouth.  Mouth watering...Drool.  Sometimes dirty looking places turn people off, but sometimes it's a big turn on.  This hole in the pants...I mean wall, rolls out some awesome dishes that will entice almost everyone's taste buds.Bring your own beer and wine too?  O M F G...I better not get drunk and wake up with a dish I didn't want to in my mouth..but I'm pretty sure all the dishes in this spot is a must have and try!  I think I'm starting to have big plate of Chicken withdrawals already..I'm an addict already...CASH only, cause it makes the world spin.
Super cheap and satisfying meal.  The restaurant doesn't seat too many people and there was a line to the door at about 7pm on just any regular weekday.  Service is a tad bit on the slow side and food takes a little while to come out.For a place called "Spicy Village"... theres not really that many spicy items to choose from on the menu...I'm quite the adventurous eater and I love parts of animals that aren't usually eaten.... so of course I ordered the lamb innards hui mei (not sure what hui mei translates to... must be a dialect I don't know?).  I opted for the large size and it was the perfect amount for me (I'm small...)The freshly made noodles remind of those from Xian Famous Foods - same texture, taste, etc.  The broth is white.  I still can't figure out what makes the broth white.... as long as it tastes good right?  It's just a basic meaty broth - the lamb innards doesn't come spicy so I added the hot oil.  In addition to lamb innards aka intestines, the noodles also came with wood ear mushroom and these long vegetable things that my mom usually ties in a knot... I couldn't tell you for the life of me what they are called.  It was, in my opinion, a pretty decent and tasty meal for a whole 6 dollars.While this was a satisfying and filling meal, I was hungry about 4 hours later.  Just FYI.
Spicy Village is unpretentious and delicious. Me and my lady walked in shortly after they opened their doors in the morning and were greeted with a smile. I came for the big tray and was not let down. The flavor is just so savory and immediately warms your soul. It is salty, but not too much. The other flavors really balanced everything nicely. It went great with the strawberry moscato we brought with us.
Must get the "big tray chicken"! It's so flavorful! The chicken is delicious. It has a great texture, I feel like it was quickly deep fried a little before cooking in the put of chili pepper sauce. It's not oily or greasy, just interesting, nice texture. The hand pulled noodles with black bean sauce is great too, as well as the spicy scallion sauce dumplings (which are not very spicy ).You need to get to this place early, like around 7 but no later than 7:30 pm even during the weekdays. It gets busy.
Small place across the street from Grand Street Park in Chinatown (seats around 16 people). This place sells authentic hand-pulled flat noodles and the spiciness is on point. The food compared to other spots in Chinatown is more authentic and flavorful, but these restaurants can easily be found in other locations (East Broadway, 8th Ave in Brooklyn, etc). Would have given this place a five star but the lady threw down my check when I was not even finished with my food. I felt like i was rushed to finish because people were waiting and she was staring. Could not fully enjoy the meal.
Cheap and decent .  They need to use a little better ingredients. Chicken had a lot of bone and grizzle
My new favorite place for dumplings (the normal kind nor soup dumplings aka xiao long bao).  Their mead pancakes are amazing as well.  Best of all, it's ridiculously cheap.
Everything here is delicious and very authentic.I recommend the big tray chicken and the dumpling soup, but you really can't go wrong with the menu unless you're picky about spice. Service can be fast or slow, depending on if several tables sit down at the same time. However, once your order is in, the food comes pretty quickly, so not to worry. If you come with a large group greater than 4, it's very difficult to seat. I recommend 2 to 4 people only, unless you're coming at an odd time like 5 or 5:30 pm. But if you come around rush hour on a weekend, you'll probably be waiting an hour and a half. And you'll be very hungry. And maybe grumpy. But then again, hunger is the best spice.
It's cheap, it's good, it's crowded. Most dishes are $6-$7 but are large-ish and fairly filling. Haven't had most of their appetizers, but the noodle dishes are all good.I'm honestly not sure why I don't come here more often, but I'm planning on changing that
In short, a less oily and non-chain version of Xi'an Famous Foods.Our group of four ordered the big tray chicken with two orders of hand-pulled noodles on the side, two pork pancakes/burgers, and steamed dumplings. The big tray chicken is spicy and numbing, but not overly so. Carb lovers may want to order more helpings of noodles, since there are fewer potatoes and noodles than one would expect and actually a generous portion of chicken. I loved the pork pancakes, which were not dripping in oil like Xi'an Famous Foods' burgers. Coming to Spicy Village made me realize this type of cuisine can be just as flavorful without being excessively oily. Dip the pancakes in the big tray chicken sauce for an extra treat. The steamed dumplings were also delicious, especially if you like the thicker-skinned kind. The amount of food we ordered was perfect to satisfy our hungry party. Thanks to favorable coverage in publications from Eater to the New York Times, Spicy Village has gotten extremely popular and attracts a diverse, young crowd. We waited at least half an hour to be seated. The friendly hostess, who I believe is also the owner of the restaurant, was very good with managing the tables and even let us order our food while we were waiting. The atmosphere is very homey and welcoming.
This restaurant is owned by the same fine folks who owns Henan Feng Wei in Flushing and the menu is very similar. I'm starting to appreciate all things Henan. I can own up to my ignorance and admit that prior to these restaurants, I had no idea Henan was 3rd most populous province in China (thank you Wikipedia).  With such a big population, I would think their cuisine would have a larger presence in NY, although it does seem like they are starting to pop up now and I'm getting on that express train straight to Henanville (sorry that was awful).Anyways.. I've been here a couple of times and despite the name the food is not as spicy. On my first visit, got the no.16 - beef brisket with hand pulled noodle and I had to add no less than 4 spoonfuls of chili oil to get the spice level to my liking. The no.16 is meant to be the dry version but there is some broth at the bottom so it's not actually that dry which is a good thing. The brisket was cooked to a tender and the flavor was excellent. The best part about the dish were the noodles themselves. They were thick and wide with an excellent chewy consistency. The only criticism I have is that the dish was over salted. Not by a lot, but enough to put some people off.My second time here, I got the no.1 - lamb lo mein. Of course it's the same type of thick, hand pulled noodle, not the lo mein you get in most Chinese restos. The broth was pretty clean but again over salted and I added quite a few spoonfuls of chili oil. The flavor was well developed but between this and the brisket, I would pick the brisket.I also tried the pork pan cake, which was just as good at this location as it was in Flushing. I'll definitely keep coming back here. The salt is a bit of an issue but nothing I can't work off if I ran 3 miles.
This tiny restaurant needs an expansion. Since the write up in magazines and the papers hipster have flooded a once peaceful hole in the wall restaurant along Forsyth Street all wanting a taste. The owner a jovial plump Chinese woman who mans the cashier at the back of the restaurant. Prior to this it was just her and one other and a cook but on a recent visit she has gained two additional help.  Even then it is slow going if the place is packed.This is a no frills service here. It is about the food. You get greasy paper carry-out menus to order or the pictures on the wall for those who need more help. You get your own drinks from the refrigerator. The food can take a bit to come out if it is busy.If you have had similar food from the Henan region of China you will recognize it. It is spicy, lots of flavor from cumin, anise and red peppers with usual protein of lamb, chicken beef and fish. The Spicy Big Tray of chicken is exactly what it says. A tray of chicken full of a spicy oily broth abundantly flavorful and full of heat . It is plenty enough to share for two. Make sure to order the noodles as it doesn't come with it. The pancake with lamb is wonderfully delicious but filling. The ox tail soup with rice is plenty awesome for those you love gnawing on bones and sucking off the meaty morsels.For now this is my favorite Henan cuisine spot away from the other popular chain got notoriety by a certain TV host. It is a no frills all food and even the busiest they never rush you out. Chinese service with sort of a smile. I'll take it!
Every place in Chinatown kind of looks the same ;) ... but they are not all the same. This one is a bit better. I have been here just twice, but I I love that beef pancake. It's spicy and flavorful and it comes in an arepa-like bread. For $2 you can have a cheap, tasty, convenient meal. (I'd recommend getting some tea or warm water to go with it tho, if not from there then from a nearby deli). The noodles are a bit different here because they are handmade.
I love this place. Come hungry! Big tray of chicken is phenomenal. Hand pulled noodles in any soup is good, as are the dumplings. It's tiny! Go in off hours.
This was on a Buzzfeed list of recommended noodle places for the big chicken tray, but we ended up ordering other food instead because we were anxious that the big chicken tray would be too much for us. In retrospect, it probably wouldn't have been since we got three dishes ... but at least we had variety! + spicy lamb hui mei ($6) - I loved the flat hand-pulled noodles and the spicy sauce, but the lamb was pretty off. It tasted like boiled lamb and it was just not very interesting. I ate a lot of the noodles, though. + beef brisket soup ($6) - Beef brisket was super on point - tender, delicious morsels. The noodles were lacking in flavor, but they were still pretty good. I opted for the beef & veggie broth, and that was pretty solid. + soup dumplings ($6) - For 9 soup dumplings, this is a pretty good deal. That said, the soup dumplings were only a little bit above average - good, non-oily broth in the dumplings, and they did hit the spot for a soup-dumpling craving, but Shanghai Manor & Joe's Shanghai's are thinner and tastier. Overall, I'd definitely come back to try the big chicken tray - I think that's the only truly unique entree here. The other food was pretty standard for Chinatown fare. Seating is rather limited - we had to wait a little bit, but luckily a woman was just finishing her meal as we arrived. Don't try to come here with a big group unless you're dining during off-peak hours.
Delicious! The da pan ji (big tray chicken) with an added order of noodles is a must. Also try the green pepper chicken and the rou jia mou (the sandwhich looking thing). They get their bing (pancake thing) nice and crispy. One of those few places in the US that truly get the authentic taste of China. Their da pan ji has the authentic flavor without the half inch of oil floating on top like when you get it on the streets of China. Dare I say I like this better? And I'm not one to review on service, food is number 1, but added bonus - this place has surprisingly good service for such a local joint. It has that same feel of eating at a family run street stall in China. Definite hole in the wall find here!!
