The food is so good for the price, always enjoyed everything while dining in... however the delivery is horrible ... it is fast but the guy does not come upstairs and FREAKS if you make him wait more then 2 minutes, I'm completely considered of his time however he is unbelievably rude and literally called me 8 times tonight while saying i needed a couple of minutes which turned into 5 because I was finishing up something importantly and the delivery came so so fast (which is amazing ofcourse ) .. i pay for a tip for the delivery service I am allowed an extra minute if I need it... we order here 1-2 times A WEEK. I finally called and said something as I do not like to complain... but enough was enough..  guy on the phone was kind of apologetic, not to convincing. Unfortunately going to take a break from this place... hope this is addressed asap.
This place is the "sister" to M Shanghai in Billyburg, one of my favorite places.All I can say is May does a great job of creating a relaxing atmosphere coupled with well prepared dishes.Steamed pork buns are fantastic. Beer / drink choices will satisfy any palate. I had the vegetable mix with chicken.Very good.Highly recommended!
Great authentic Chinese food.. Menu defiantly gives you a great selection.. Staff is awesome... Especially Anthony...
Very bland vegetarian options. We ordered the Ma Pao Tofu, which was just soft tofu and rice, they don't try at all to replicate the traditional meal (but for vegetarians). It should be called tofu and rice- no spices. Secondly the vegetable noodle with scallion and sesame oil was just as bland. They apparently left out the sesame oil completely, very very bland. Lastly, the food arrived for delivery quite late (and was somewhat cold).
We stopped by last night after asking people off the streets of a good place to eat. We walked in and greeted by Mae, she's the owner then decided to sit and eat at the bar.  The place is clean, with a relaxing vibe. Great music playing.  We looked at the menu, there are like 100 dishes you can choose from. Specialty entrees to noodle dishes.  We tried to steamed pork dumplings. They were awesome. Very flavorful.  Next. Double pan fried noodles with beef. The portions are enough for two people.  My BF wanted to try the orange chicken. He was so full after a few bites we brought it home.  We tried the chrysanthemum tea, it was fragrant and tasty.  They have a shop in Williamsburg and now here and a noodle shop on Manhattan street.  GO! It's a must stop. And Mae is inviting. We will definitely be back
Awesome chicken is good but nothing extraordinary. It.s good.Pork Dumplings= goodPork belly pancake (sandwiches) is huge, good but I wish th belly was a more cooked. Th skin needed to b steamed longer, it was still a lil too chewyThe menu is giant. I had a beer noodle dish that was good. Standard good.nothing memorable.Quick dining. I think it's s good spot if u r hungry.It's efficient and overall tasty
The food isn't terrible, but not great either. I expected better food for the price. I'd recommend going to Chinatown for far better Chinese food at less than half the price.
Im used to the original M. Shanghai so when I had a craving for chinese, I decided to visit it's sister location instead. I had the popular crispy chicken in ginger sauce, but I subsituted ho fun noodles because I didnt feel like having the rice, and it was a good decision for me. The chicken was done with the right amount of crispness. Certainly not overdone. Nestled in a sweet ginger sauce. 1st bite you taste the sweet but then the aftermath of ginger kicks in with a dash of heat (which I added more of)  plus the added sweetness of fresh cucumber makes all textures and taste combine beautifully. And because I like to overindulge on occasion I had to have the juicy pork buns as a starter....my favorite that never disappoints.
This rating is entirely for their take-out "Awesome Beef". It is indeed awesome! It's a little pricey ($16.50) but one order is good for two delicious dinners. Delivery is always fast (my food arrives hot even in LIC).
So happy to finally find a good Chinese take out place in the neighborhood. We found this spot through seamless and the food was so satisfying. We had the eggplant with spicy sauce, shredded pork with rice cake, and the pork with pan fried thick noodles. All three were excellent and was enough food for 2 people over 2 meals. The price was very reasonable and we got our food very quickly. We will definitely order from this place soon again!
Ordered takeout soup that contained an insect (beetle) that I unfortunately discovered while I was eating. M Greenpoint offered *nothing* in the way of compensation, least of all an apology. Will never order or dine in there again.
Stopped in this weekend with friends. The menu is dense and without much description so we asked for some guidance from our server. She was excellent, making sure everyone got what we were craving and also getting a great sampling of the menu. We had the soup buns and scallion pancakes which were both excellent. For entrees we had the Mu-Shu Pork, the Classic Ho-Fun with beef, and the Awesome Beef. All were excellent!Our service was excellent and our server was genuinely excited how much we liked her recommendations. The ambiance is very relaxed with groups of people having a good time. The manager seemed a little intense, The manger seemed a little intense, sometimes visibly deriding her staff for mistakes and cursing loud enough for everyone to hear when there was some mix up with a check, which all seemed slightly unprofessional but we didn't let that bother us.
A good news for all foodies LIC residents coming from Greenpoint.As French guy living in LIC, I had to suffer for several years with my American wonderful wife,when we were having the conversation about Chinese take out.I did not grow up in the US, I guess it is the reason I never got the concept of Chinese take out.All the menus seem to have been using the same templates all the prices are the same, like the dishes and the taste. But my wife loves it. Don't get me wrong it is not that I don't appreciate Chinese food, I love it! but the one you will get in China town, Joe shanghai, XO or these type of restaurants. Our personal favorite we discovered at Joe Shanghai were the soup dumplings under numerous others. So what a huge surprise walking in Greenpoint and see that the original M shanghai, opened a second location in Greenpoint. And believe it or not, they deliver in LIC (I just don't understand why most of the restaurants in Greenpoint don't get that LIC is 5 minutes away). However if you want a compromise (especially when your dinner options are very limited with your kids) M Greenpoint is the right alternative.You will find all the fundamentasl: Steamed Juicy Pork Buns, Scallion pancakes, cucumber salad,awesome beef etc... All is fresh, delivered promptly and still warm enough to enjoy the experience at home. Only 4 stars because we just did never try the location. But I am pretty sure that we would not be disappointed.Was this review ...?
I was really excited for this place because it seemed like they have good vegetarian options, plus you can't really beat $3 beers & $5 wine for happy hour. We ordered steamed veggie dumplings, Kung pao tofu, and veggie lo mein. The dumplings were good, the lo mein was also pretty good- they used thick noodles which are yummy, but the dish was a bit greasy. However the Kung Pao tofu was pretty flavorless, and they used silken tofu which I'm never a fan of for vegetarian dishes. I was hoping it would be more like a take on veggie Kung Pao chicken versus just frying tofu with a little sauce. I probably wouldn't go back, as there are so many other Asian-inspired places with much better vegetarian options on Manhattan Ave. I feel like the regular dishes might be better & more flavorful. It's definitely a step above your average Chinese food though- I would recommend going for the happy hour specials.
May gave me all the recommendations and I happily took each one. Almost as happy was I then as when I got home to bestow my perfectly prepared bounty. We had pea leaves, shanghai noodles, and hot and sour soup, all done in vegetarian styles, and my dining companion aptly appreciated the way that each dish soared above the "standard" iteration we are used too.Did I mention I got a hug on my way out?And seriously, the pea leaves. Never would have known their beauty if it were not for hers.
Great food, comes out quick looks are amazing. Fresh veggies great flavor combos. Interior just tops it off.
Great happy hour, until 7pm even on Saturday. Half priced wine - $5 anything on the list! $3 beer including Guinness. The pork buns are actually soup dumplings- you must order these!!!
I LOVE this place. First, the place is gorgeous. I love the upstairs balcony space. The food is delicious. vegan and vegetarian friendly. Whenever I go there I have to get the Pork and Bean Curd. I often have it without the pork and add string beans. I have it with white rice. It is such a delicious dish. The waiters there are always kind. The happy hour is awesome and the owner, MAY is so sweet. When I'm in Greenpoint BK, that's where I eat. catch me if you can...
Pretty good juicy pork buns (soup dumpling basically). Stopped in late the other night after craving dumplings all weekend and I was pleasantly surprised. Didn't think much of the place going in, expected some pretty mediocre food but they were excellent. Service was pretty good as well.
Great tasting food, but what the hell is with the higher prices? When it opened a few months back, juicy pork dumplings were around 5-6$. Now they are $9?? What the hell kind of price hike is that? People will buy from here because the food is amazing. But they gotta stop hiking their prices. That's how you lose customers.. Seriously.
Pork rice which was very good, awesome beef which I usually don't try beef from Chinese restaurant cause I never was happy,this melted in your mouth. It was delicious. I recently order to go and it was just as good . So happy we finally have a good Chinese restaurant in greenpoint.  The server was very nice I felt very comfortable and welcomed.
We regularly eat at M Shanghai in Williamsburg and were so excited to find another location in Greenpoint. The food and service are on point. The awesome beef, scallion pancakes, salt and pepper shrimp and sautéed vegetables are mouth watering. Everything is amazing actually. The owner May is also so sweet and accommodating. I have nothing but great things to say about this place.
After going to M Shanghai on Grand St. for many years, I'm so happy this location opened in my neighborhood! The steamed vegetable dumplings are still my favorite.
Great place, if ur looking for high quality Chinese food, this is the place. Good food, good price, clean, can't go wrong.
Excellent ! Start with the juicy buns. Awesome chicken, beef hofun,  kung pau chicken,   delicious. ..great new place, staff friendly and helpful.
Yum! A nice changeup from the usual Chinese restaurant. We ordered delivery so I can't comment on the service. Food was tasty - subtler flavors than we expected but obviously freshly cooked. The pork buns were out of this world. This is definitely a step up from our goto Chinese takeout. Prices are a little higher but reasonable considering food quality. Portions were large. We're looking forward to dining in soon.
I'd rather eat vomit. This food is not fit for dogs or pigs. The only redeeming thing about this place is that I never have to eat this gag worthy slop again as long as I live. I ordered two entrees and it cost $40 and they had the audacity to charge me an extra $1 for brown rice.
I've been a long time Patron of M Shanghai, so when May told me she was opening a location a block from me, I was more than pleased, as I will be able to satisfy my craving for soup dumplings more impulsively. Different location, same delicious dumplings, amazing experience.Just don't crowd the bar. That's where I sit.
M Greenpoint is exactly what the neighborhood needed.  Xi'an Famous Foods is good but doesn't deliver; Chinese Musician delivers but is...less than great.The food is reliably excellent (though I'd suggest renaming "Awesome Chicken" as "Good Chicken," since it's the least-great thing I've ordered) if a little on the expensive side.
Had a great experience with M Greenpoint takeout! Shanghai style lo mein was flavorful! The texture of the noodles reminded me of udon/ Korean muk. Also ordered the Crispy Chicken w/ Ginger & Sweet Chili Sauce. The chicken was sliced into small/ medium pieces that's were the right balance of meat and crispness -not overly dredged in batter like some places and not chewy.Thumbs up for this place ordering again tonight!
Love, love, love!! My faves are the juicy pork buns (to die for) and the awesome chicken, which truly is awesome!!! Now that they have their liquor license, this place is pretty much close to perfect as far as I'm concerned. Very nice/attentive wait staff too.
This place is awesome!  Great happy hour ($3 beer, $5 wine) with a great draft selection.  We were a table of 5, and we got the steamed pork buns (heaven), awesome beef (it was AWESOME), chinese eggplant, sesame pancake with pork belly and egg, curried chicken and potatoes, and lo mein.  It was all very tasty and the app portions are generous.  Not sure why there is a 2 star down there, half of the table were asians and we all approve!
Greenpoint needed a good Chinese place to open up so I'm so happy this little place opened up. But I did find a hair in my food one time so until they decide to find hair nets... I'll leave this place with three stars.
Went here for dinner and it was a very enjoyable meal. The food, service, and cost were all great! Have great happy hour specials and balcony outdoor seating. Def recommend!
Excellent, high quality Chinese food.  Soup dumplings are SUPER!  Steamed mixed veggies and white rice are GREAT!  Crispy duck plate with pancakes was SO GOOD!  I look forward to eating here again soon!
i love this restaurant!   top 5.  juicy pork buns, dragonfly, lotus root, lo mein, ho fun, salt pepper baby shrimp, awesome beef, black pepper lamb chop - but honestly i love everything on this menu.  this is the first place i eat from when i come back from traveling and i take all my out-of-town friends here when they visit, not to mention hangover saturday, rainy wednesday, sunday happy hour - and when you dine in the copper ceilings bring you extra good luck!
I had both delivery and dine in experience and I was happy with both. The service was great, and the prices are fair. Huge selection that can be confusing, but at least there's something for everyone.
We ordered delivery from here - really enjoyed the dishes we got: pork buns (they are actually soup dumplings), sesame pancake, tic-tac-toe (garlic) chicken, crispy chicken, and Shanghai noodles. The food came within 30 minutes of ordering and arrived hot and well packaged. This is definitely a step above the standard delivery Chinese and we will order from here again. It's missing the American standards of Sesame and General Tso's, but I'm fine with that. The soup dumplings were my favorite part, which I'm pumped about because I've yet to find good ones in the neighborhood.
Have ordered here about once a week since they opened. The food is consistently good. Pork wonton soup is great comfort food on a super cold day. Some of the best lo-mein I've ever had, but the spicy pork cellophane noodle is still my favorite. Fast delivery service.
