It's pricey because it's not gloop, folks. Have your chicken tikka elsewhere (and chop suey, and pad thai, etc). Awadh's regional Indian cuisine is simply on another level. I'm surprised people complain about prices here. My husband literally sat smiling at the end of dinner saying: "I love meals where you're happy to pay the check at the end. This was so good." Lamb cooked over a low flame in its own juices for hours? Yes, you pay more for that. It's called expertise. Speaking of lamb, the Nali ki Nahari is mind-blowing. Best lamb I've eaten in any cuisine, ever. Awadhi food was served to royals. Nawabs saw cooking as a form of art, so dishes were carefully presented in beautiful, luxurious ways. This restaurant honors that tradition. Awadh's interior is gorgeous, the service is incredible, and its flavors are thoughtful and complex. These are the restaurants you want in your neighborhood. Go!
The food here was absolutely amazing. Not only was the presentation mouthwatering, but the flavors was a perfect mix of spices! This place offers the most extraordinary dishes. The area is nice and the service was great. Quite honestly one of my favorite places for my Indian fix.
Came here for a quick dinner date. We live in Brooklyn so it was pretty far from anything close to us. Would recommend getting a reservation if you plan on eating here for dinner. We had the Galouti Kebab, which was a lamb appetizer, the lamb melted in your mouth, best part of the meal! We also ordered a side of the garlic naan which was really good. We shared one of the lamb main dishes, but compared to the lamb appetizer, the lamb main was a bit rubbery in texture. We had gulab jamun for dessert, nothing special. This place was quite pricey for Indian food, even with sharing a main with two people. Would only recommend going if you live in the area, not worth traveling from Brooklyn to.
Had to downgrade this place after a recent visit. Firstly, the restaurant needs a lesson on cleanliness. Not one other person was in the restaurant when we came in around noon, and yet there were still crumbs all over the seats next to us and even on our seats which we had to brush off. The placemats had sticky red stuff on them, and I got a cup with red pieces of chicken or something stuck to the bottom of it. I was genuinely grossed out the entire time. There were also visible crumbs /food particles on multiple other tables. This is totally unacceptable especially for a restaurant who is charging higher prices (17-25 for entrees) and marketing itself as upscale indian food. Food was still good, although the chicken tikka tasted way too buttery for my liking. Dishes seemed overpriced for the quality.All in all this place has gone totally downhill and is not one I will visit again.
There is better Indian for less $, but an ok neighborhood spot.I think this place is trying to be a little too coolFor its uws location.Service was poor, I had to flag down a waiter whenever I wanted something, only refilled my water once, despite that it was all I was drinking. A waiter different from mine took pity on me and helped get me garlic naan, what I ordered, to replace the regular naan that came.Both the garlic naan and the plain naan were dry, which is nice if you don't like it so buttery, but the garlic naan was a little burnt.Had the chicken in coconut curry sauce. The flavor was good, the chicken was all white meat. I don't think the crispy curry leaves added anything to the dish, and quickly got soggy.This place is expensive for what it is.The bread pudding was not good, or at least it was not bread pudding, and should be described differently on the menu.
I ordered Grubhub delivery from Awadh for lunch today. The chicken in my Chicken Korma is deep-pink in color, i.e., totally undercooked. So, so nasty.The palak paneer was okay. I'd expect this quality from a cheap corner store, not for the price I paid. I won't be back (and would love a refund, since I'm pretty sure I'll be barfing up salmonella chicken for the next 24-48 hours).
This is an overhyped Indian restaurant on the UWS with mediocre food and poor service.  Despite making a reservation, I was seated at the crappiest table in the whole restaurant - I don't even think they should have a table that close to the door if every other woman who walks by with a handbag will be brushing it on my husband's head.  The naan was pitiful - flat and cold.  The much acclaimed slow cooked broccoli main course was some half raw broccoli swimming in an overpowering sauce.  I wasn't interested in my husband's dish and didn't try it, therefore cannot comment but he didn't finish it.  I would have been happy to give this restaurant the 2-3 stars they deserve for their cooking had we not been completely ignored and kept waiting at several points during the dinner.  At the end, my husband had his credit card out to give to the server immediately when she finally brought the check we had waited 15 minutes to receive but she just dropped the bill on the table as she kept walking.  When he said "EXCUSE ME" to give her the card as we clearly wanted to leave already, she gave him an unbelievable attitude and purposely took the card and bill and left it at the register for another 10 minutes before coming back to it and charging the card.  Overall an unpleasant experience, and we won't be returning.
Diner was Amazing!!!!! Great service, relaxing and trendy ambience and GREAT food. Highly recommend.
This restaurant is an excellent experience! The decor is very well done and the seats are very comfy. The chicken tikka was very tender, juicy and flavored all the way through. The chicken biryani was excellent and came in a sealed clay pot and everything! The coconut shrimp curry was very flavorful and the curry and coconut sauce was balanced perfectly. For an Indian restaurant in America, this is the best I've experienced by far! Highly recommend!
I loved this restaurant! Great with allergies, very professional, and amazing food. Their chicken tikka masala was amazing as was their cauliflower naan. they were very kind and had great service, consistently checking in on us. I would definitely go again. You can really tell this place was authentic not fake Indian food!
Loved it! Went in on July 15, 2017 for dinner. The house specialty dish Khaas Korma was fabulous. Rich but not heavy, soft but complex. I also had a side salad - dressing was good. Very nice staff too. Highly recommended.
Fresh cut herbs, complex flavors, and perfectly cooked vegetables.The food reminded me of the old Jackson Diner before they moved locations.Try the bhindi masala -- best okra of my life!
Have been here about seven or eight times and have sent many people.Very disappointed with the food tonight. The lamb byriani is $19.00.Tonight it came three quarters filed with about two cups of rice with chewy lamb. Ordered a raita as the usual side dish. When it came Three orders arrived. The server didn't tell us it was included. Had to go back and forth over twenty five cents of yoghurt. He didn't get the hint! Decided to just pay for it. Why would a restaurant blow off good customers over fifty cents of rice. Predict this kind insensitive treatment to regulars will have this placed closed for sheer stupidity. Will inform my Indian food fans of our disappointed experience.
Prices are of high end restaurants and food is not. Service was good. Quantity was small, which is fine but for poor quality food. Cocktails for 14-15$ were not good, I ordered Indian summer which was made out of canned fruit and not good at all, the ingredients didn't really fit well together. Paneer tikka was below average, okra fry was good and so was my husbands meat dish, that's is why 2 star. Masala chai which is spiced fresh cooked tea was old and reheated, tasted foul. The sugar packets they gave were atleast a year old with sugar clumped together. Raita was watery with no veggies or boondis, just some spice. For a low end restaurant I would not have such expectations, but when I am paying as much as 6$ for a tandoori Roti, I would want it to not be rubbery and the paratha not to be underdone and taste frozen reheated. For 140$ for a lunch it was money down the drain.
This was my 4th visit inside a years time. I had all my yacht crew with me including the chef. Everyone enjoyed the Indian specialties and all the distinctive tastes. The service is prompt and courteous. All in all another delicious gourmet delight.
I ordered for delivery thru Yelp. Three entrees and an appetizer totaling approximately $90 with tax and tip. Appetizer consisted of three small greasy reheated samosas, followed by entrees: broccoli with saffron sauce (with FOUR  small pieces of broccoli and a lot of sauce w/o much of a saffron flavor), a chicken with cashew sauce ( oily) and a good lamb saag. I've never written a Yelp review before, but was so shocked and disappointed by this egregiously poor rapport between quality and price. I called the restaurant, and the manager said he was so embarrassed. He encouraged me to give them another try and he would take 10% off the bill.  Unlikely.
We had a brief but specific chat with the person who took our order to pick up dinner. "Get the $24 version (vs the $16 one) of the tandoori murgh (chicken) and the rice is included." We retrieved it at the restaurant and when we got home 15 minutes away, no rice and not much of a dinner as a result. When we called back, the person who answered was professional but curt and not very apologetic. "Very sorry, sir, We'll send it right up." We mentioned that they ought to do a little better mainly in response to the exasperated attitude being conveyed. "We'll send a couple of appetizers." We tipped the delivery guy when he arrived with the basmati and opened the "courtesy" carton to find pathetic sticks of mostly greasy dough clinging to microscopic pieces of what seemed to be okra. The naan bread we had ordered was soggy. The murgh was OK but cold by the time we ate it. Be on guard when you order from this establishment. They claim to offer uncommon Indian dishes. We prefer the more familiar service and cuisine offered by neighboring restaurants which are a lot easier to swallow.
Chicken appetizer was raw, taken back but left on the check. Biryani was decent. Service was extremely slow.
This was such a lovely evening. After a number of years in the neighborhood, I still hadn't been to Awadh. I was really missing out. We were greeted and seated immediately, even without a reservation. They were friendly, welcoming and helpful in welcoming my son, who is a big fan of Indian food. In general, the food was delicious, not too spicy (unless requested) and there are a huge number of vegetarian options if you prefer. This is not ordinary Indian food in any way, and you should not expect that: be prepared for a lot of fresh tastes, fresh spices and herbs, and lots of vegetables. The wait staff is solicitous and gentle, welcoming with well behaved children and friendly to all. Plus it's a beautiful little gem of a restaurant, too. I am thrilled to have Awadh in our neighborhood and look forward to going again soon!
We've been here a couple times, and while some dishes are very good (above all, the naan is world-class) there are also some glaringly bad items that are unacceptable, especially at this high price point.Example #1: Drinks. We once spent $14 apiece on supposedly spicy gin cocktails that were really poorly made - basically just gin & tonic in a tall glass with like three ice cubes and a sliver of serrano. Amateur hour at the bar.Example #2: They served us a scallop starter that had been obliterated into a stringy, dry nightmare. Example #3: Lamb shanks that weren't very tender despite low-and-slow cooking supposedly being the restaurant's specialty.Finally, entrees are generally fine, but it's hard to get past the fact that you're paying like $20 for two or three chicken thighs in sauce. Just not worth it.
Went with my family to celebrate a birthday on July 10th. Oh my god. This place has amazing food. The best Indian food in New York City.The Awadh Murgh Tikka was the softest, melt in the mouth grilled chicken I have ever had. Get it, you will not regret it. The Shakarkandi & Ananas ki Chaat was also quite delectable.In the Entrées we particularly enjoyed the Methi Malai Matar. Aroma of real saffron, (never seen a restaurant use real saffron, wow!) wafted from the Awadh Gosht Biryani. Lamb in the biryani was done to perfection.No room for dessert. :( Sad will have to make another trip to Awadh.My Riesling was perfect. The green tea at the end of the dinner was an amazing way to soothe my over stuffed tummy. :)Our bill for 3 glasses of wine, 3 appetisers, 3 entrées, 2 glasses of tea, an astonishingly low $40 per head. We left an extra generous tip for the excellent wait staff.
Nice atmosphere.  Attentive, friendly service. Each dish we ordered was terrific.  Seared scallops with celery sauce. Mushrooms stuffed with ricotta and spinach.  Lamb shank entree.  Eggplant entree.  Cauliflower, peas, and potato side dish.  We could not be happier.  Go there.
I saw chef Gaurav Anand on Good Day NY and his cooking led me to try his restaurant.  Getting there, Anand was at the host station greeting the customers.  I told him that his appearance on the show was the reason my family was there.  He was very gracious and at the table gave us some great recommendations.  Of course we had the lamb shank.  In fact, my wife, son and I each had that.  It did not disappoint.  I will just say that it was great so order it.We had appetizers of AWADH MURGH TIKKA, GALOUTI KEBAB, and KARARI BHINDI.  The okra was good but I am trying to get away from deep fried food.  We also had an order of SUFIANA MURGH BIRYAANI.  My daughter had the URI JHEENGA.  I was just impress that that they did not use some cheap tiny shrimps.  They were big shrimps that you expect from a respectable restaurant.  I was gooding to give 4 stars because of the wait staff.  We basically had two waiters but they just were not as attentive as i expect.  just get our water glass fill required us to constantly look for anyone to come over.  But the food was really great and a medium disappointment with the service can not keep me from give this place a big thumbs up.I definately will return but I will have to try Anand's other places first.  I expect his quality to be upheld at all his restaurants.
BEST UWS INDIAN DELIVERY! All my experiences are delivery which may influence the review. First. Awadh's dishes tend to be a bit sweeter than average - sometimes it works - the shrimp curry is absolutely delicious and the slight sweetness melds with the sweetness of the large shrimp that they use. Ditto with the pomegranate chicken app. Other times - like the chicken makhanwali - it is overwhelming and unpleasant. Perhaps if I had asked for medium heat... The saag paneer is the best I have ever had - and I have been to some fancy Indian places. It is smooth, deeply flavored, with none of the bitterness or odd aftertaste that can plague spinach dishes. The rice dishes and the dals are as good or better than other UWS places. The much vaunted gelouti kabab was just ok. Disappointments: the khorma was not only too sweet it just tasted odd. As did the raita.The biryani was blah - but I suspect that this is a dish best saved for an in-restaurant experience. One request for the chef - CAN YOU OFFER LASSI??
Although I live only 4 blocks away, I had missed Awadh until yesterday, because I almost always walk on the west side of Broadway.  That turns out to have been a mistake:  this is a great restaurant.  The place is small and bright, and the sleek furnishings suggest an air of sophistication; however, the deep cushions make everything comfy.  The wait staff is pleasant and eager to please.  And the food is exceptional: our fried okra with a blueberry-yogurt dipping sauce was addictive; our shared scallops with celery sauce were unusual and enhanced by tiny daubs of onion confit; the palek paneer was fabulous.  Prices are quite reasonable, and their wine pourings are extremely generous.  Highly recommended!  My only nit:  the host is far from the wonderfully welcoming fellow who used to greet me at the late-lamented Tandoori on 94th.
Truly delicious. Wonderful food. Avoid the cute tables in the window on the first floor. The chairs are way too low. Or bring a booster seat.
Was with a party of 8 for a nice family dinner. The sitting area downstairs is quite small, especially with the front bar taking up much of the space. We ate upstairs in another area that seated more people and was strictly filled with tables. The servers and busboys were very friendly and accommodating, however, when it came to waiting for actual food to arrive, it took a little long. It didn't feel too terrible since we weren't in a rush, but we noticed it. The appetizers were delicious, as was the garlic nan. We ordered lamb and spinach patties, as well as some different stuffed vegetables. The entrees were VERY delicious. Whether it was the seafood, chicken, or lamb, everything was tender, flavorful, and perfectly sized. The only food complaint I had was that rice didn't come with anything...it had to be ordered as a side. That made the meal more expensive, and it wasn't extremely cheap to begin with. Besides the pricing and lack of rice with meals, the experience overall was a good one. The food, most importantly, was some of the best Indian I've had in a while.
Some of the dishes tasted ok, but others didn't have much flavor, and the portions were remarkably stingy.  For example, my $14 broccoli entree had 4 pieces of broccoli.  That's not an entree within any reasonable definition of the word.
Italian cuisine used to be my favorite, until I tasted finely prepared and presented Indian food like that at Awadh.
Best Indian food there is in NYC - it can easily be a top-5 Indian restaurant even in New Delhi. Highly recommend Awadh murgh tikka, lamb chops and the dal makhani.
Excellent food...authentic Indian flavour...nice galauti kebabs!
Not your East Village Indian food. It's indian cuisine. Exceptional, from the complex spices in the salted lassi to the various lamb, chicken and veg dishes. Favorite lamb in cashew sauce and grilled mushrooms with spinach ricotta stuffing. The portions are not to huge, which is a good thing, because the food is filling and better savored when you are not stuffing yourself. Good ambience-- not loud-- and perfect service-- no hovering waiters and no long gaps of attention. It's a bit pricy but worth it. Lunch couldn't be more civilized. What a great addition to the neighborhood!
Thanks to Gaurav Anand, chef/owner of Awadh, who graciously stepped in and personally corrected the mix-up with the gift certificate, I can now put that part of my dining experience completely aside--leaving me to focus solely on all the positive aspects: the delicious food, beautiful presentation, and fine service. I look forward to many more meals at Awadh and am delighted that it is in my neighborhood.
We had an absolutely spectacular evening at Awadh! It was our first time at this restaurant which has just opened its doors in our upper west side neighborhood! The setting is sleek and elegant. The food is out of this world! Every dish we tasted was a delight---clearly the result of long cooking and loving care leading to layered and rich flavors. The stuffed mushrooms and peppers were delicious. The boneless chicken appetizer was flavorful. The spinach pie/dumplings were light and delicate. The Chicken Korma was smooth and tasty. The Chicken Tikka was moist and perfectly spiced. The Lamb Shank was so soft and moist that it fell off the bone. The lentils were so smooth, creamy and tasty they were a treat atop the white(jasmine)rice. WOW! By the way, the service could not have been more gracious: the bartender was welcoming and helpful... We had great wine and beer---but were told that the entire wine list created by famous sommelier John Slover, will be unfolded shortly. The gifted chef/owner, Gaurav Anand,  treated us as if we were guests in his home. He has taken each recipe to new heights. The entire team of wait staff was polite, helpful and professional. We could not finish all of the food so they prepared a doggie bag for us. Thankfully we have no dog! We will look forward to the left overs.As if the meal was not complete, we sampled the selection of sorbets: the peach tasted like a juicy summer fruit. The strawberry was yummy and the coconut was totally decadent....The rice pudding with cardamom was exquisite---creamy and elegant....a real treat.Yes we are foodies! If you are too, do yourself a favor and book a table asap. We only hope your reservation  doesn't block OUR next visit! To Gaurav and the whole AWADH crew--we have never tasted finer Indian cuisine.... Thank you!Peter, Lynne & Rayna
A totally wonderful experience.  Food was excellent! (Lamb chops and coconut shrimp especially amazing, but all worth eating and taking home for leftovers.) Finally great Indian food on the UWS.  I will return for sure.  Attentive service, and wonderful glass of wine suggested to accompany the meal.
I normally have hard time telling Indian places apart, but the flavors in these dishes were amazing. Went here as a party of nine later on a Saturday evening and they were happy to accommodate us. The bartender was friendly and jovial (we were seated just next to the bar) and the wait staff were attentive and eager to help. (They were very attentive to keeping our water glasses full, which I hold in high esteem.)Because we were such a large group, we ordered to share in three smaller groups and they were happy to do this, and even asked us how we wanted the bill split and did so without error. While we waited, they brought out a fried okra appetizer on the house, which we very much enjoyed.The food itself was incredible. My side of the table went vegetarian and we shared the paneer tikka masala (had the sweetest, tastiest sauce I've ever had), chana masala (a little more cumin than I'm used to, but very good flavors), a broccoli dish in a creamy sauce (delicious, but only about 5 pieces of broccoli and a lot of sauce), and a mixed vegetable dish (also very flavorful). When we were done, they brought around warm towels for us to clean our hands and did not rush us at all with the check. This quality of service fits perfectly with the decor-- well appointed, rich materials that make you feel like you're treating yourself for the evening, at very reasonable prices.Awadh is definitely the work of someone who has been in the restaurant business and knows how to combine atmosphere, tasty food and good service. We'll be coming here again.
This is an excellent place to dine. We had the Lagan Ki Raan, tender leg of lamb with a delicious sauce, mildly spicy; and Dahiwala, baby goat marinated and served with a sensuous spicy sauce. With a side of basmati rice and some naan, we were in 7th heaven. Prices are great given the quality and amount of food we're served.
went to a fabulous birthday dinner party here--easy to share everything, fantastic cauliflower dish, lamb and chicken korma! Good service, very attentive and great wine. Will definitely be back!
Just had a fantastic lunch at this wonderful new restaurant and will be going back soon (maybe every day?) Delicious food, at a great price. What more is there to say? Welcome to the neighborhood, Awadh!
We went last night to celebrate my birthday and had a wonderful time! They have done a ton of work on the space and it's just beautiful. The staff is friendly and very helpful, I love Indian food but sometimes get stuck in a rut of ordering the same thing. Everything we had was delicious. We tried three of the lamb dishes, all of them were so tasty. The butter chicken is amazing! I wanted to take a huge pot of it home with me, I think it's my new favorite food. I'm so glad this gem has found it's way to the UWS. I will be telling everyone I know and plan on bring my friends here often!
Loved the galauti kebab and kakori kebab at Awadh. Ate like a king coz the food was a great treat to all my 5 senses.
first time visit this weekend met expectations. menu was authentic and diverse, entrees were flavorful, servings sufficient and well-presented.  Ambiance and lighting was energetic. Worth returning to explore more of the menu.
Amazing scallops, superb lobster and perfect breads. On top of all that, great services and atmosphere. Can't wait for the next visit.
I was disappointed in the wait staff for not telling me they had a lunch special. BUT the disappointment was short-lived after I tasted the food that I ordered from their main menu!!! I typically do not order biryaani, since I've often found it to be lacking in flavor but make no mistake, here at Awadh, the lamb biryaani was hearty and flavorful slow-cooked in a crockpot with a bready naan topper sealing in all the flavors. the Khaas Korma (Chicken Tikka) with cashew gravy was tender, moist and packed with graceful flavors.  Superb Indian cuisine!
Very disappointing.  Started with the waitress not knowing what beer they had and offering us two choices of red wine when we asked for beer.  Food was mediocre.  We ordered baby goat but it was nothing but bone.  The sauces all tasted the same.  Hope it's just a rocky start.
Best meal we've ever had. Best service in NYC. Excellent ambiance. Will definitely come back!
Wanted to love this place. Was so excited about it, especially after reading the glowing reviews.  Service was fine, place was elegant but the food was WAY OVER SALTED.  We like salty food but we couldn't even eat it.  The chicken was cooked perfectly, the saag paneer was fresh - but all of it was way way way too salty.  So disappointed.  Too expensive to give it a second chance.
This review is only about the service. I ordered for take-out on the phone. I asked for the non-vegetarian lunch special and was told that it was chicken meatball and chicken tikka for appetizer, and main-course was goat, butter chicken & dal. When I came home after picking up the order, I realized that they had given me the vegetarian appetizer option of paneer tikka & aloo. I called the restaurant and spoke with Gina and after explaining to her what I had received asked her if she could have the order exchanged. She offered me the option of sending a delivery person with the right order or coming to dine in and receiving a special dish. I chose the former. She said that the delivery would take place after 5pm, and I gave her my address and agreed. She called me at 4:30 to state that the delivery would now take place at 11am tomorrow since dinner would be busy.  I agreed to this as well. Them, she called me to tell me that they couldn't deliver the order and asked to dine in and receive special service. Fed up by then, I stated that after experiencing the king of service I did, I wouldn't be very open to dining in if they couldn't fix a simple mistake. She then happily washed her hands off and said she couldn't help me after wasting my time since afternoon. Why would I want to dine in after experiencing the awful service first hand??? I was so excited to have what I'd expected to be a good uws Indian restaurant; however it's obvious with service like this I'd rather stick with other options.
This is a lovely restaurant and a welcome addition to the neighborhood!  I was intrigued after reading all of the outstanding reviews on yelp and was also so pleased with my dining experience.  The food is delicious and different than standard Indian food you typically find... spices are refined and complex and there are interesting combinations of food and flavors in the dishes.  The chicken biryani dish is so amazing - it comes in a small clay pot with bread baked over it.  The ambiance is nice and relaxing, and prices are reasonable.  All in all a great experience and I can't wait to go back to try more dishes from the menu!
The food is excessively salty even though it could be recognized as tasty if you drink a lot of water. The service from the front girl was surprisingly rude without a cause from my part. The storefront is transparent and clean from outside and it had a potential to stand out in these two blocks of Broadway. However just from the service point of view, it has to improve a lot more to even match the friendliness of a much simpler Indian place in the neighborhood. Sometimes the food quality would come second when the barbaric service reigns.
This exceptional  restaurant opened three weeks ago - and it's the most creative, flavorful, exciting  Indian food I've ever eaten.  I can't wait to return and explore more of the menu
I came here on Friday night with a friend and was not disappointed. The food was delicious, the best I have eaten in NYC so far. Really recommend the chicken + pomegranate starter, and then the fish curry (the lamb biryani is also very decent). My friend ordered the paneer and loved it, followed by the butter chicken- again a hit. The owners also gave us complimentary lentil daal (amazing) and dessert + free wine! The waiters were great too (having read the negative reviews we did not experience anything bad at all). Oh yes- the nan bread was super fresh and tasty too! Really enjoyed the food and can't wait to go back!
The good news is good Indian food on the UWS, finally!  The bad news is the service from the owner to the servers.  I've been going since it opened and each time the service is bad.  The last time I went, the owner told us -me, a local, and my family from Virginia with 2 young kids in tow -  that we needed a reservation and we couldn't have a table otherwise. Funny how I didn't need a reservation all the other times I've been there. She was curt, rude, and arrogant.  When I have been seated there, there is often a long wait to get a drink, food, napkins, water - general service comparable with the cost for your meal.  The owners manage to provide extra attention to others - perhaps wealthier and more influential clientele - as evidenced by them checking in on  the table next to me and my family.  As an Indian American living on the UWS, it's disappointing that a local Indian restaurant chooses to be unfriendly and un-neighborly.  The only positive service I've had there is from the bartender/host - An African-American man -The servers/owners could use a little service education from him!  He's the reason I went in the first place, he welcomed us at the door.  I hope that Awadh owners read this, take it to heart, and make some positive changes.  I'm happy to spend the money on good Indian food but expect better and friendlier service.
A friend had raved about this newly opened place but I can't.  First, I must say the food overall was good but since it's a bit more pricey than even Indus Valley up the street, i think it needs to be better than just good. Second, it was not all that good.  The papadum to start was stale!  And the sauces, especially the mint, although they were fairly intense, were too salty.  In fact, that is my chief complaint. Most of the food was over salted. I had the chicken Tarawala and my wife had Dal Makhani and both were too salty. My chicken was very high quality meat and the sauces were rich and their texture was nice. just too salty. Same for the Dal.  Our starter was exceptional though. The Dalcha Palak Kebab was sort of patty of ground spiced spinach.  Very tasty. I recommend this.  If it weren't for the stale papadum,  and if it cost a couple bucks less, I would have given it a 4.  And oh, yeah, I saw a waiter empty the very last drips of wine into a customers glass. Yum, sediment!  Don't they teach how to pour?
This is a good Indian spot, however lately the quality of food is a little inconsistent, and it's a bit on the pricey side.
I have been a big fan until the last 5 months.  The food and service have gone way down hill.  The food used to be so delicious and consistent and now it's hit and miss. The last couple times I've dined in the mains come out before the appetizers.  The service is what really gets me irritated.  Everyone in the restaurant seems to have multiple rolls or no roll/ responsibilities.  Often gotten passed from one employee to another.
I came in at around 2pm on a Saturday. When I first got to the place it was empty. After I finished ordering my food, I went to go wash my hands and after I came back the place became half full..!! The waiter told me it's usually full house on every shift, so make a reservation if you come during normal dinner hours.The food is very good, I ordered karari bhindi (crispy okra) and galouti kebab, with a side of ulta tawa paratha (whole wheat layered bread). Let me just say that this was the best Indian bread I've ever had. The waiter also brought me a trio of chutneys which was nice of him, but honestly I could have just eaten that bread by itself. The crispy okra was probably better for sharing as I couldn't finish it. For me it was a refreshing substitute for all the chips and fries I've been craving. The galouti kebab is their signature dish and has made appearances in critics' reviews.This place is certainly not cheap. They advertise a lunch special and brunch special online but the waiter doesn't particularly recommend it as the dishes are generic and certainly not their signature. So I suggest you order a la carte.
Excellent food and service. The only complaint is my lamb was cold and tasted over cooked but otherwise no complaints! A bit fancy but worth it.
Went there on someone's recommendation. Good food, some not up to the expectations.They started off with the papad and chutney's (good)The mutton biryani,  and the awadhi chicken kebab were amazing.The lahsuni gobhi- not that much. The Kulfi could have been better- no pistachios, no syrup, just a plain white bland kulfi!
We came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon, since I had to be in UWS for an engagement later that afternoon. Even though there were only a few people in the restaurant, due to the lack of servers - it took 10-15 minutes before we were seated and another 10-15 minutes before our orders were taken. This place is known for Awadhi cuisine, which is an ancient Indian cooking style and is influenced by Mughlai cooking style. This place is known for its dum pukht style - which means that the food is cooked in a round flat bottom pan (handi) and is cooked on low heat for 24-48 hours to bring out the flavors.I ordered the dalcha palak kebab (which is a spinach lentil kebab and the server assured me were dairy free) and my boyfriend ordered the galouti kebab (which are minced lamb patties which are served on top of tiny parathas). After I got my spinach kebabs, I tasted them and pretty quickly realized that they did contain some sort of dairy. After I asked the server, if he was sure - he sent out the owner who told me they use a pre made mix and didn't know the exact ingredients. I was pretty frustrated by this - how could they not know what is in it, and why are they using a pre-made mix? My boyfriend loved his kebab and couldn't have enough of it - apparently one of the best he has ever had. For the entrée, I ordered the subz sangam (mixed vegetable) while by boyfriend ordered the lagan ki raan (tender leg of lamb cooked dum pukht style). My dish was mediocre at best and really greasy. My boyfriend loved his dish and said it was one of the better lamb dishes he had especially in a curry. After our meal ended, they gave my boyfriend a complimentary dessert of phirni - which is rice pudding and is made in milk and I couldn't have it. I was personally irritated by the slow service and the lack of knowledge by the server. Not to mention, they didn't even tell us that there was a lunch special - we were told it about it after we ended our meal by the owner.
Had a wonderfully gluttonous lunch at Awadh. The menu is unique and not your every day indian food. We couldn't resist over ordering (since really we wanted one of everything) so we tried three dishes: spiced okra, lamb biryani and coconut shrimp curry. All three were full of flavor and fantastic. The biryani comes in a baked clay pot covered with naan. It was steaming hot and gorgeous to look at. Lemon rice on the side did not have much lemon flavor unfortunately and tasted simply like basmati.The service was good and we took home lots of leftovers. Definitely not cheap but worth it for special occasions!
Absolutely the closest taste you can get to the original Awadhi cuisine. I am from the area around erstwhile Awadh and I know what I am saying. This is it! This IS THE REAL DEAL. No exaggerations folks. Enter this fine dining place and attain your gastronomic Moksha. Sufiyan Chicken Biryani, Galauti kebab, Ajwaini Jheenga--try them all!And this is just the beginning....
Had lunch at Awadh with friends last week...here are my thoughts:Ambiance is great. The restaurant is clean and well decorated (this is often a challenge for Indian restaurants. And I can say this with confidence because I am Indian!) They can also accommodate large parties, which is great (there were 6 of us).Service is just okay. Our server was difficult to understand and he seemed a bit impatient. Food came out relatively quickly though.Food is also just okay. I can highly recommend the DALCHA PALAK KEBAB, the KAIRI KI DAL, and the NAAN. Everything else though? Totally lacking. This includes the AWADH MURGH TIKKA, which was tough and of suspect quality, the BHINDI DO PYAZA, which was overly greasy, and the plain rice which was a bit on the chewy side. Overall I wouldn't trek to Awadh again, especially with so many better Indian restaurants in Curry Hill.
Awadh was decent. I went there with my wife, as it is said to be one if the best in NY. Definitely not the best, it has a nice ambience, staff is very polite. The main course was good, had ordered paneer tikka and dal makhni - which are recommended, but the appetizers were not good at all or the mango lussi. In all it was a good experience but for the charges did get the best feel. I went to Junoon which was much better experience and of the same price. I would recomend junoon much above awadh.
Wow, what a pleasant surprise this was, came here on a friday night for a double-date we decided to have a few drinks at the bar (cocktails here are great) and after we got the drinks we were promptly seated upstairs when our table was ready.Staff is very nice and attentive  and extremely knowledgeable about the food and the style of (indian) cooking this place is famous for 'Dum Pukht' (Slow oven cooking in closed containers).Menu has a decent amount of option but is relatively concise and short compared to other indian places (which made our decision making a lot easier)  also if you ask for a favourite dish which might not be listed on the menu they can probably make that too ( I had the spinach and cottage cheese / palak paneer which is not on the menu )For appetizers we went with Galouti Kebab (Lamb) , Awadh Murgh Tikka (Chicken) and Ajwaini Jheenga (Prawns) everything was delicious especially the minced  lamb kebabs were so tender  you get 3 in an order but our server was kind to offer to make it 4 so each of us could taste one .For entrees we each ordered a separate dish and decided to do it family style, we got Nali ki Nihari (lamb shank) it is one of the house specialities and was a recommendation from the server. Also we got Palak paneer, Malai lobster masala and the chicken biryani (cooked in the traditional dum pukht way) with a side of white rice, garlic naan and a layered whole wheat bread i forgot what it was called. Everything was finger licking delicious with the right amount of spice level. We were presented with hot towels after dinner. We decided to skip the dessert and asked for the check.It was a very pleasant and welcoming experience, i would definitely return.
Harsh provided amazing service. From the moment I walked in I noticed the modern decor. The food was delicious and authentic. Overall I am pleased with my experience.
Excellent dum pukht biriyani!
What a great Indian restaurant!! Super gourmet and well thought dishes. The two times I came were incredible. The dinner menu has a lot of options although it was very spicy for me even the "non-spicy" plates. The okra was delicious and also the lentils. We ordered the stuffed mushrooms for appetizer but it was really spicy. One of the best things was the potato and garlic naan. What a bread! I could just eat that. Warm and melting in your mouth.The dinner is a little expensive but is worth since you get what you are paying for. On the other hand the lunch is inexpensive since it's a prix fixed menu and the food is amazing. Not spicy at all, super tasty and plenty of food for a lunch special.Definitely a worth trying restaurant for Indian food. You can be sure when you see locals in the restaurant
Went for lunch. Absolutely loved it and some of the best and freshest Indian food I have ever had. The spices were a perfect level and were not over powering and definitely felt like a home cooked meal. Will be back again
KenScale: 8.0/10I'm always a sucker for Indian food, so when I heard that a new Indian restaurant opened in Upper West Side, I was longing to make a visit. Overall, the food at Awadh, featuring the Awadhi cuisine known for the slow cooking technique called dum pukht, was pretty satisfying. While there was nothing wrong with kakorikebab featuring aromatic minced lamb skewer as a starter, I was more fond of the chatpati gobhi lehsuni, a dish of cauliflower with garlic tomato sauce that whose texture resembled that of chicken. While the server was hyping up the lagan ki raan (a leg of slow cooked lamb), I thought the dish was more or less ordinary. I kept, however, reaching for dahiwala (a dish of baby goat) with nice texture, and the winner of the night was uri jheenga (coconut shrimp curry), which had great flavor that worked wonderfully with the crunchy shrimp. I kept dipping on the curry with naan after the shrimps were gone in seconds. For dessert, definitely try kulfi (creamy popsicle with pistachios) that was refreshing and wasn't too sweet to my liking.Did you know Indian food work surprisingly well with wine? Definitely get a glass or two (there were some pretty solid selections). The atmosphere of the restaurant is that of a modern Indian restaurant with understated charm. While I don't dine out at an Indian restaurant as much (probably because I still get my take via seamless from time to time when I'm not eating out)., Awadh is a solid restaurant that's worth visiting if you're hanging out somewhere in Upper West Side.
This place is really nice I been to this place multiple time it's always great experience. Food is always good and on point. Chana saag is my favorite thing to eat there. Also our server sonu is really friendly and funny and professional . The place was busy but sonu was very helpful and was doing every possible way to make us feel comfortable. I recommend this place to friends.
Awadh is a good looking restaurant. Gives u a feeling of being a high end restaurant. We were impressed by the decor. The food turned out average though.Being at an Awadhi place, u want to focus on kebabs and Biryani. Galouti kebab were too rare for me. In India, I haven't heard kebabs cooked pink. But I am not an expert on it's original recipe, so would give it a benefit of doubt. It was served with chutney and an onion on top. By the time, I had it, the chutney had soaked in and kebabs by themselves were very mildly spiced (not just the heat, spices overall). They tasted watery and disappointing.Dalcha palak kebab had good texture, but the spice level was too underwhelming for the Indian palate. Vegetable seekh kebab I feel need to add more flavoring to the recipe.Overall we were disappointed with the appetizers.The main course was good though. Subz (veggie) Biryani was good; well flavored and we'll cooked. The paneer tikka didn't have the standard pathetic color infused red gravy typically all average Indian American restaurants offer. I requested Goat Biryani instead of lamb biryani. It turned out to be good to a relief. It was a little too moist and some of the rice had broken, but still I would consider eating the Biryani again.Overall Awadh is a good looking place with above average food. I would expect more value for money though, in order to recommend this place.
The food is fine and comes quickly, but unsatisfactory service is where this restaurant lost stars. There was poor communication and in many ways, it felt condescending and unprofessional and it's absolutely embarrassing and unacceptable that a restaurant of its class should have anything but impeccable service for its customers. We were a party of 14 with a reservation for 6pm. As a large group, we did have some indecisiveness but the servers were constantly rushing to take our orders. Also, although we didn't mind, it felt strange when the server asked to take 3 of our menus because there weren't enough for another table. I don't understand why a restaurant of its scale wouldn't have enough menus to service its full capacity. After we placed our orders, a server came by to say something to us because 3 people ordered an appetizer as their entree. However, 5 of us were trying to decipher what he meant but we were all very perplexed. He was extremely unclear -- we thought that maybe we were all required to order entrees or maybe he thought our orders were incomplete?? It's not a problem if a server has a question/comment, but he should be able to convey it clearly. I'm unsure why there was any problem or confusion at all, especially when the server who took my order of samosas (an appetizer) asked if I wanted it as an entree. If he asked me that question, he most probably asked the 2 others who ordered an appetizer the same. As 8pm approached, a server came to essentially kick us out because there was a 2 hour seating limit. This limit is not noted anywhere -- on the website, on the menus -- and nor was anyone informed of this prior to this moment. A seating limit at restaurants is normal, but as a large party, there is bound to be lots of socializing during the meal so it is unreasonable that we were told this while some were still eating, rather than beforehand. 2 hours is ample time for a small group, but larger parties definitely need more time. We also brought a birthday cake and while it was being sliced, the server dropped frosting on the birthday person's lap. The slices were also served a mess and the three layers were falling apart. Afterwards, the bag with the leftover cake was placed on the placemat, right on top of the fallen frosting and cake bits from slicing. For a $25 fee for the cake, we expected much more professionalism.The servers hovered over us throughout the meal, from taking our orders to waiting for us to pay. It was uncomfortable that several servers were constantly there, particularly when putting together the bill.Yes, the prices are quite steep for their portions, but expensiveness is subjective, especially since it's located in the Upper West Side. However, there are certain expectations that customers hold for service and unfortunately, none of us will be back because Awadh's service fell much below these standards.
My wife and I came in not knowing what to get our waiter was so nice and recommend great food the place was very beautiful the design and look of the place definitely will return....thanks for sharing your hospitality with my wife and I
After reading all the comments made, I decided to go and try myself. Food is really good. Service is good too but when the check came I found out that it is pricy. I believe you can find good restaurants like this with great food as well for a lower price in UWS NYC.  I will keep looking for a better delivery option in the neighborhood.
WELL...surprise, surprise! The beau and I have been wanted to eat at Awadh for quite a while. We simply thought it was a new upscale-ish Indian restaurant where Alouette used to be housed. After doing some shopping in the neighborhood one evening, we decided to stop in, finally. Why not? We were greeted to a gorgeously decorated restaurant. At 6 p.m., we asked for a table for two. The hostess looked worried. "Oooh...do you have a reservation?" Reservation? Really? A gentleman working the front of the house stated, "We are completely booked tonight after 6:30. We can seat you [by the front door], but I hope you don't mind if I ask you can finish your meal in the timely manner." It was a seemingly odd request off the bat, but I took it in context, honestly was not offended, and we agreed to sit down. I'm glad we stayed!Little did I know that Awadh is a pretty big deal. Gaurav Anand, chef and owner, also is associated with Bhatti Indian Grill and Moti Mahal Delux. The front house gentleman informed us how this place had just been filmed for a CBS television spot, how New York Magazine just ran a feature on them, and how they were blowing up, popularity-wise! The beau and I were both surprised. There are good restaurants in this area of the Upper West Side, no doubt, but nothing to this magnitude.The menu is better than just your average Indian restaurant. Focusing on Awadhi food, there are interesting spins on spices and flavors. Though many items looked amazing, we both decided to start off with relatively familiar dishes; I ordered the Paneer Tikka Masala, while he ordered the Makhanwala. We split an order of garlic naan as well. First off, the naan was extraordinary, glazed with oils and fresh garlic. I am a huge fan of Saag Paneer, but the paneer with the tomato sauce was absolutely incredible. The sauce was sweet yet robust, mild in spiciness (which was good for me!), and the amount of paneer was incredibly generous. The Makhanwala (chicken in tomato sauce) was also excellent; the chicken, quite simply, melted in our mouths.I have not felt so jazzed by a restaurant in quite some time! Don't you love when you leave a new restaurant for the first time and keep looking at each other blissfully, sighing, "Oh my god. OH. MY. GOD."? We did that as we left Awadh. We can not wait to come back, though, based on its popularity, we will be making a reservation. ;-)
Heard a lot of good things about this place.  Placed an order on Seamless after a long day of working on a Saturday.  Ordered around 7 pm, was told that that the order would be there before 8:25 pm.  By 8:45 my order had not shown up, and after calling the restaurant, they claimed the delivery man had "forgotten the delivery slip" with my address and had decided to turn around and go home.  No offer to cut the bill by 20%, no discount on future orders.  Now they claim my new order will be here in less than 20 minutes.  We shall see..
I was here on Saturday night to celebrate my birthday with friends. I called twice that day to bump the reservation back and they were VERY polite and accommodating both times, which they didn't need to be. Upon arrival (15 minutes late, which we called to apologetically warn them about), our table was ready and we were immediately served water and given a drink menu. When we mentioned our table being wobbly, they fixed within 5 minutes. The wine was exquisite (a Malbec, though I'm not sure which one). When we stumbled through naan and rice-ordering for the table, our server, Tito(?) took over with this recommendations (which were perfect in size and in flavor). Our entrees were excellent, and they surprised me with "Happy Birthday" desserts on the house -- honey dumplings and Indian ice cream. Could not recommend Awadh highly enough. Fantastic service, delicious food, and a cozy atmosphere. Will definitely be back!
Simply amazing. Elegant,  authentic and the food was up to very high standards. The taste of real Indian food wi tn out the excess oils and obnoxious spices. I loved the Mushroom stirfry side. SO good. I had it w a paratha the flake one, best side ever. The cocktails and wine list is very impressive too. The staff was super nice and helpful. Ambiance is good for date or even a group! Love it.Gem in the UWS.
I had Thanksgiving dinner with my parents at Awadh last night. We go out for Indian food every year. My parents are very critical and it can sometimes be stressful to dine with them because I just want them to enjoy themselves but they are often preoccupied with everything that's wrong with a meal. Last night was a great exception- they (and also I) loved every dish.This is not a typical New York Indian restaurant where you might just get some saag paneer to go, it's fancy, fine dining. I was not familiar with many of the dishes, they specialize in Awadhi style cuisine. The dishes were presented beautifully.For appetizers we had the Bharwan Khumb (Ricotta and spinach stuffed mushrooms) and the Shakarkandi Aur Ananas Ki Chaat (Spiced sweet potato and pineapple). The mushroom dish was heavenly and served with a celery chutney. We were basically fighting over it. The sweet potato dish was very good, served with blueberry chutney and pomegranate seeds. It was very sweet so not for those who really prefer savory.For entrees we had the Dum Ke Hare Phool (Slow cooked broccoli in saffron sauce), the Bharwan baingan (roasted whole baby eggplant in onion tomato masala) and the Methi Malai Matar (green peas in cream sauce) with naan and white basmati rice. Everything look and tasted amazing. The peas were probably my favorite because of the luxurious creamy sauce. We wondered at how the broccoli was cooked so long but still not soggy, it was so good. For the eggplant dish, I'm not a huge eggplant fan but the baby eggplant was much more palatable for me. We ate in almost complete silence, focused on enjoying our meal.For dessert we had the rice pudding. It's a fancy, unusual pudding with the usual rice flavor but more of a custard consistency. I loved it but if you're looking for traditional rice pudding this is not it. It's an interesting update.I was impressed that they have a Nero D'Avola red wine by the glass- hard to find at most restaurants. But I and my mother opted for the Indian Summer cocktail, the level of alcohol was weak but it was still delicious.Cons/Suggestions: -Had to ask for cocktail list, it exists but is not in the same booklet as the wine and beer menu and it was not given until asked for. I hope they eventually add it to the drink book.-Single outer door- every time someone walked in, the restaurant became very cold (it was a very cold day.) Seems like there might be room to install an outer door to prevent this.-Please put a "v" next to dishes that are vegetarian. There is a vegetarian section, but then there are items in other sections that are also vegetarian but we had to double check because it was not clear.
Great for kebabs, biryani and yes the tawa paratha they do.Ordered methi matar malai which was not spicy as expected and went well with the paratha. The lamb biryani was pretty good too. Eat here only if you can handle heavy greasy stuff as I just couldn't digest until the next day so a bit of warning:)I would come here not regularly but when I have stomach to masticate such heavy food. For usual kebab eaters - you will be fine!Kurkuri bhindi good tasty but too oily for my taste!
poor service, my food was served cold. not even greeted by the servers. you could see employees complaining about their situation. sorry not getting my business again.
Excellent meal! Chef Gaurav does well here - the dum biryani and gulati kabobs were amazing.
We visit awadh all the time and what we like best about the place is it's consistency. The food, service and ambience is always exceptional. They are very accommodating for large groups and also with kids. The manager - Harsh, is very friendly and does a great job making you feel at home. Btw, the biryani is excellent and the masala chai is great
I am not well versed in nice Indian food but I loved everything I had here. The environment is nice but family friendly with lots of tables. I walked in at 8 on a Saturday night and had no trouble getting a table for three. Delicious!
Moti Mahal in the east side is their sister restaurant, so we were thrilled to see Awadh open on our home turf in the west side. This is the best Indian food I've ever had (from the Bay Area to NYC). Their garlic naan (or regular naan if you're like most of my friends who don't like garlic naan) is so fresh and hot and crispy, yet chewy, and garlicky and thin. Then you put that with your hands on some daal makhani and some butter chicken and paneer makhani...holy cow. It's like the first time...every time. Thank you Awadh, see you tomorrow night!  Oh, and fresh hot towels afterwards, so don't be afraid to dig in with your hands...and wash your hands prior of course.
If you want to know what AUTHENTIC Indian food is like, then this is your spot ! I have visited several Indian restaurants over the years and this place serves the most genuine kebab's. I was a bit nervous first because not everyone can make goat dishes well, but I was surprised with my first bite of giloti kebab. It is the BEST! Exactly how it tastes in India. We ordered kebab's, biryani, goat curry, naan and shrimp curry and there was not one dish that I could say that they could have made better ! The cocktails were delicious and creative.  Staff is very polite, ambiance is classy, decor is very stylish and music is also pretty decent. I highly recommend this place especially for  kebab's and any goat dish really, because they got it on lock !
Great food and warm hospitality. Eventually got acquainted with the owner and his wife and was pleased to see complimentary okra appetizers come our way.
The paneer tikka masala and kulfi were great. Very flavorful. The naan was super soft. Service was good and the ambience is nice. I'd recommend this restaurant
I am in constant search of great indian food. I walked in here with a few friends while walking down the street. Romantic ambience, full bar and v adventurous preparations. I must compliment the chef for his innovative style. I got cottage cheese dumplings in white cream sauce and chicken korma. Top notch!
Lovely, calm atmosphere with quiet second floor for larger groupsPretty much every dish was spectacular including prawns, lamb, chicken and their thick rich simmer sauces that were not too heavy........Good service with very knowledgeable waiters.
I ordered takeout and the food was quite good, this I have to be fair about. However, the quantity was miniscule. The mains were the sizes of appetizers, and the appetizers, well...weren't enough to appetize. The dal was less than 2 cups, and the okra pieces were about 8-10, and both dishes cost 14 dollars each. The paneer appetizer had three medium sized pieces and cost 10 dollars. Very poor value for money. I wonder if the restaurant serves the same small servings but takeout left us hungry despite spending 45 dollars for two people.
Very nice and calm little place.  Suitable for date night (if your date likes curry)  The food was very good.  It isn't cheap but it is worth it.  Had garlic naan, mushrooms stuffed with spinach and cheese (may have been best bite of the night), samosas, tandoori chicken (so good) and vegetable biriyani.  We def over ordered but came home with leftover... no problem with that.  I will be back
Good food and good service. Our server Harsh was very polite and recommended exactly what we were in the mood for. Nice ambience.
For appetizers, my husband and I had the exquisite, melt-in-your-mouth Galouti kebab (minced lamb) and the Awadh Murgh Tikka - delicious, tender chicken served with a delightful pomegranate sauce. The lamb biryaani was just perfect. As soon as we broke open the dough seal, a mouth-watering aroma was released and we knew we were in for a treat. A meal fit for kings, queens and any sort of royalty, really.Our waiter Harry was very attentive and helpful, and the service in general was great.The only thing wrong with this place? That I hadn't discovered it sooner.
I had chosen  Awadh for an anniversary dinner,  I am a life long new yorker who has been enjoying Indian food for 30 years. This has to be the WORST indian food I've ever eaten, ever. and anywhere. and we eat in jackson height s too. I believe its pre made and reheated crap.I can't imagine any Indain ownerThe appetizers weren't even indian. Offering ricotta cheese !! Then  serving grilled mushrooms that tasted like they were boiled. and let me go on about the cauliflower which sauce was more like chinese sweet and sour sauce, UGH! It was suppose  to be a korma sauce, AWFUL. the service was poor. And lest we forget the ordinary, soggy, store-bought breads, and sneakily seasoned with garlic as if this was an indian style delicacy ,  the lemon rice wasn't even jasmine or biranyi style , and overcooked, probably also pre packaged.. this IS NO indian restaurant. If it is,they must have  Chinese and Italian cooks .I cannot account for all the good neighborhood reviews....its really really bad news.
Sadly, it was horrible.  The recommended cauliflower dish was composed of sticky globs with a sauce reminiscent of a Chinese sweet and sour sauce.  The "signature" lamb shank was hard, difficult to even cut into, and swimming in oil.  Even the chicken korma was disappointing, just a few pieces of un-tender chicken smothered in a bland, virtually tasteless sauce.  On top of this, the service was disinterested at best, and the prices high.  The fact that rice is additional charge is insulting.  There are way better Indian restaurants in the city, including on the UWS!
This is one of my favorite North Indian restaurant in UWS. One must try their coconut shrimp curry and lamb shanks, the portions are great and the food is rich in flavor. Excellent service and ambience. Must try!!
Pleasant atmosphere, fascinating brick wall in upstairs dining room, but seriously disappointing underseasoned food. Chicken Koorma, lamb shank, fish in banana leaf all bland beyond belief, even samosas, which difficult to ruin, stodgy and uninteresting.. maybe the food is supposed to be subtle but it was lost on our party. One cocktail, mostly cardamom-infused vodka, very good, ginger caparainha okay but ginger tales watery, little alcohol evident, ginger ale used not the promised ginger beer. But the brick wall worth close inspection, just don't try and eat it.
Food was (mostly) very good, but the service was truly weird, not for the first time. Not at all gracious. Food came out at different times for different diners. Staff not attentive, no offer for more wine, etc. And then the manager, who had not been by once before to see how we were, asked us to leave so he could have the table. If he had been around before and the service had been good, it might have felt fine. But as it was, it made us all feel terrible. I would go back if I hear the service improves. If not, NOPE.
Our experience here was amazing. Our waiter Hari was very informative and helped use with choosing our dishes. I will defined lay will come back it's in my neighborhood and it is very decorative and modern.
Best indian restaurant in new york city. It comes close to home and the waiter was nice enough to give us one extra gulab jamun on request. The awadh pepper chicken was amazing and so was lamb gulati kebab.
Went here for dinner - the food was good, but the service (or lack thereof) is what really bothered us! When we placed our order, the person did not seem like he was listening, he repeated it wrong so we clarified it again. And he kept saying (quite patronizingly) that he has got it and we have nothing to worry. Lol. Lo and behold, when our order cam out, it was wrong. To be specific one out of the two curries was the wrong order - to which our server said he would get our right order, and as a gesture we could have the curry he brought out on the house. When we said ok, he again patronizingly smirked and said "Yes, I thought so". WHAT!!!!!!! We obviously told him to take it back after that. To top it all, the roti order of my friend did not come out with the curries, and came 10 minutes later.Sigh - what a shame. Good food, but overly patronizing, pretentious and rude servers along with inadequate planning of getting meals out - means I will not be going here again!
I would give 4.5. Delicious lunch special. Dalcha Palak Kebab-good. Yellow lentil and raisin in silky spinach patty. Polti Samosa-very good. Well cooked pea and potato with mild curry sauce in soft filos. Shikampuri Seekh-very good. Flavourful minced chicken skewer. Nawabi Murgh Tikka-good. Super tender chicken in mild sauce. Saag-good. Smooth and silky sautéed spinach with baby potatoes. A little salty. Paneer Tikka Masala-delicious. Well grilled cottage cheese. Very flavourful curry. Dal Makhani-delicious. Well cooked black lentils. Creamy and rich. Heavenly taste. Kachumbar Raita-average. The taste of yogurt dominates. Probably authentic but I'm not used to this flavour. Khaas Korma-average. Tender chicken. Average taste of curry. Mali Ki Nihari-good. Tender lamb. Flavourful curry. Basmati rice-average. Pretty dry. Naan-above average. Fresh, warm and chewy. Gulab Jamun-delicious. Sweet and tender soaked in honey and syrup that reminds you of home. Great presentation. Prompt service.
Ate here again recently on a Friday night after a long interval and was wowed all over again. Our meal was excellent.
Bang average. We heard about it through published reputation and unfortunately it didn't deliver. The service was mild, and completely lacking any personal touch. The food was ok. Apparently the galouti kebab is recommended - well, if you like rare-cooked sliders then sure, you'll like this. The sea bass was absolutely excellent. Definitely the highlight. But overall the food was just below your average neighborhood Indian restaurant (underwhelming flavors and spice) - only this one comes with a hefty price tag.
The food was delivered two hours late and not impressive from the price they charged. I wish I could get my money back:(
Happy w this place. Got the galouti kebab (quite good), the chicken biryani (solid), and naan (good... as always). Accompanied w Lassies (ok). Highlights of meal were: (I) rice pudding (great)... Consistency of soup... perfectly spiced & (II) my young daughter lost a tooth at the end of the meal and was so excited about it. The latter is unlikely to be experienced by you guys... but the staff was so nice and encouraging to her when it happened that I think it says something (good!) about this place ;-)
Went for dinner last night and I have to say I was very very pleased. The combination of the extremely high quality of food with impeccable service was amazing. The mushroom side dish was delicious. Chicken korma was out of this world as was the lamb. One of the best Indian restaurants I've been to in NYC , and certainly a great bag for your buck !I'm sure we will be back time and time again. Decent wine selection- they had several bottles under $30 ..... Not too shabby!We will be back time and time again! Thanks Adawh!
I was really excited to order from Awadh and was really disappointed by the delivery:( the quantities were really small and the kebab orders were literally half the quantity I was expecting (maybe I was wrong to expect more). Will beware next time....
I tried this restaurant today with my husband to celebrate my anniversary. Bad food!! Very bland! Tried the lagan raan and it was bad! I asked the server to make it spicy but no attention was given to it. Also tried galauti kebab , sweet patato and pineapple chaat which was fine.. The chicken biryani we ordered had no flavour . Also my husband ordered whisky which was served in a broken glass.. We brought it to the notice and the glass was changed. For the price , its a crappy place with bad food.. Do yourself a favour and dont go here.
We were hoping for more based on the reviews and recommendations. The ambiance/atmosphere was nice, but the food left much to be desired. I was excited to try the crispy okra, but it was too crispy and just tasted like fried... that's it, fried with hardly any okra flavor. The meat dishes were not to our liking, we have other Indian favorites in the neighborhood that have less fatty meat and tastier sauces. The garlic naan was tasty.Overall, we wouldn't return. Maybe they were just having a bad night?
I am not big on Indian food in general, but I love this place. I've tried quite a few things and everything is quite tasty and done well. The staffs are very sweet and courteous. The place can get quite crowded so I'd recommend visiting at off hours (like 2PM on Saturday). My favorite dish here is Coconut Curry with Prawns - so good and you won't miss lobsters because the prawns are huge and crunchy. Their garlic naan is flavorful as well.
5 stars for the decor, ambiance, friendliness and service. They were quick and helpful, all things that make a restaurant  that much  more inviting. 4 stars for the food and that's being generous. Came in for  dinner with my husband and 2 boys. Ordered the chicken tikka and the lagaan ki raan, both were ok. A chicken Kabab style appetizer which the kids loved and several orders of naan. So my biggest disappointment? My foods were all lukewarm.  Anytime I'm eating/drinking it's absolutely a must that my hot foods be hot and my cold foods be cold. No sitting under a lamp or reheating please! The only thing that was hot was the naan and that tasted super fresh. Other than that, everything else was ok.
I've been here thrice and had amazing food each and every time. I've been going to Queens/Jackson Heights all my life and have many Indian relatives who cook phenomenally, so I feel I'm qualified to declare this one of the best Indian places in the city. You're not going to find your typical vats of food coma curries; each dish has an abundance of unique flavors and there are several delicious dishes I've never seen anywhere else. Waits can be long during evenings, so make a res.
Terrible service, that's all I can say. There is no shortage of good Indian food in Mnahattan and many places with much better service. The worst thing about this place is that they are not even trying to improve their service, almost like they don't care. Surprised this place is still open.
Went to dinner last week, and the food was incredible. One of the best indian restaurants in the city, bar none. The Cashew chicken was great, and the the service was so wonderful. It's a really nice looking restaurant and has such great atmosphere, it just all makes for a very pleasant experience.
Good Indian food is ample in New York, but GREAT service is Rare. and if you care for a great combination of both, Awadh is the place. well informed and accommodating servers, good food and the 'cherry on top', the host/manager Amit. the last time we were treated this good was back in 2012 at the Taaj place hotel in New Delhi. unforgettable experience thank you to the whole team. will be back soon with whole family and friends.
Exceptional food and service.. Chef Gaurav Anand never ceases to amaze with the tantalizing taste and delectable spices in the food. Double thumbs up !!!Their lunch specials are an awesome way to try a wide variety of food that they offer
We went on a weekend and tried their weekend lunch special. It contained 4 small pots of different dishes along with bread and rice. It was pretty good value and tasted quite well. On the side we took a lamb curry and chicken makhanwala dish. Lamb was really nice but chicken was just ok, a bit on the sweet side which I didn't quite like. Overall the food was good. Naans were also nice and fresh from the oven but quite expensive ($4-6 per naan)!
Really really tastey Indian food - although I'm sure there is so much butter (or ghee) used in these dishes!! Service was okay.. not the greatest. Lack of one star because we called to make a reservation for 8pm, and they told us to come at 8:15. OK, we do so (maybe we arrived at 8:20-8:25). They didn't seat us til 8:50. We were beyond hungry at this point! If they didn't have a table for us, they should've just said so, and we could've gone somewhere else to eat since we were starving!
Danggone so good! Inspite some of the lamb meat was tough to chew the meal was still delicious. Staff is quiet and professional. The male and female wait staff have cool handsome uniform. Meal: Awagh Gosh Biryaani selection is delicious and their Indian Summer drunk ( I prefer white Rum ) was off the hook!. The decor of this restaurant is modern Indian with Earth mountainous colors. Music is authentic and pleasant. The whole experience is superb! I am very lucky to find friendly professional service from a restaurant with mellow yet exciting tones.
Noticing a slight decline in quality at Moti Mahal Delux, we decided to try the new restaurant from the same owners, Awadh. And we were very happy to discover that the baby eggplant dish we loved originally at MMD is exactly the same here. Absolutely delicious. The only disappointment was the samosas which arrived undercooked and doughy with the filling not warm enough.  Our chicken in a coconut curry was also very nice (if not quite as amazing as MMD's famous butter chicken). We look forward to returning to try some of the grilled items.
Came here with a party of 10+ people recently. They were really polite when I had called to make the reservation and everything seemed great. When we got there, it was initially fine. We were seated before our whole party was present which I appreciated greatly, but that changed after our whole party was present and accounted for. As a large party, some people took longer to decide on their order. The staff, however, caused some discomfort by constantly hovering and walking around our table. This gave some people in our party an immense amount of pressure to make a quick decision. When I dine, I like to enjoy my food and company. I do not need anyone making my friends feel uncomfortable because they need time to choose food that they want to truly enjoy. We are not eating just to survive nor are we eating competitively. I feel that they should have given us some space until we were indeed 100% ready. Which they did not. The food came and once again service was pleasant for the most part until they basically told us that we had to leave. There is, apparently, an UNSPOKEN 2-hour seating rule that my party was unaware of. Some people had not even eaten half their meal and we were told that we would have to leave soon. If such rule existed, why not tell us earlier? Why isn't it posted anywhere in the restaurant? Why isn't it spelled out on Yelp? Why isn't it in PRINT anywhere? We ended up deciding we didn't want to inconvenience the staff that was apparently following "restaurant policy" and were going to ask for the check. The check, however, was delivered to us before we had even asked for it. I have never, and I mean NEVER, been given the check before I asked for it. We were literally low key being kicked out. My friends and I were not happy at that point and we decided to just pay and leave before something else happened. At which point, the staff again paced and surrounded our table until we were ready. I have honestly never experienced staff that was so polite yet so passive aggressive. Not service I would ever expect from the worst of restaurants. Not to mention a restaurant of this caliber.
My girlfriend and I came here on a whim and got seated in less than 10 minutes without a reservation on a Friday night (seemingly impossible, right?)Full bar is a plus. Their bartender is the sweetest southern gal. Waitstaff are very friendly and attentive.Great atmosphere, amazing food. Drink prices are pretty steep, but if you're coming for the food you won't be disappointed.Definitely a gem in the upper west side.
Great food.snug, cozy interior. Friendly and prompt staff. We ordered chicken korma and curry chicken. Whichever one was korma was awesome! Curry was more liquidy. Samosas were great. Chicken biryani is served in a pot w a naan used as a kid.very creative presentation. Delicious food, fast service, reasonable prices.
The ambiance is great and there is a bar. I had an early dinner and the place was fairly empty on a Monday night. The decor is lovely right down to the silverware. Complimentary chips (thin toasted bread) and dipping sauces, although our server didn't explain what they were so we were left guessing. The main dishes were awesome, Chana Masala amazing, and there is a nice wine list. We ordered naan with our meals and it came out when we had almost finished eating- sort of annoying! We didn't see our server much, or we would have asked about it. The food and ambiance was great so the service is forgivable. Definitely would recommend making a trip here for dinner if you're usually dining downtown.
Went there for lunch today and I was very pleased with the service and the lunch itself.The decor is nice and and relaxed with a lot of dark colors and a leather bench seat along the one side of the tables. The service was good and the waiter was attentive but I was a little disappointed that after asking how big the palak paneer side dish was I was told it wouldn't be enough and they could make me a saag paneer entree that was so large I ended up taking 3/4 of it home. The saag paneer was delicious and my friend who got the baby goat entree really enjoyed her meal as well.The naan was wonderful as well.I will definitely return in order to try some of the other paneer dishes as the paneer was flavored well and made perfectly!
I had previously given this restaurant a 1 star, but the chef-owner, Gaurav, personally invited us back to Awadh to give them a second chance after our disappointing first experience and he definitely did not disappoint us. We truly enjoyed our meal and our experience.The food was consistently amazing and authentic as it was the first time around. We tried the Sarsi Machchi Tikka, which was seabass with a mustard marinade and it was amazing. It is a personal fave of mine out of the other dishes I've tried at the restaurant. Truly a standout dish on the menu. We also tried the Kairi Ki Dal, which was described as tangy cumin yellow lentils. The lentils were different then your usual dal. There was a little extra flavor in there that made these lentils special. I would definitely order them again. We also ordered the Sufiana Murgh Biryaani, which is like their version of fried rice, but with basmati rice and grilled pieces of chicken. The presentation of the dish was unique in a good way. It came out looking like a pot pie, with a naan crust top and the rice hiding below. Again, it was another delicious dish to be noted at Awadh.The service at Awadh has much improved. The staff were attentive and not overwhelming. Dishes were brought out in reasonable time and there was no lag time in between courses. The service has become top notch. My boyfriend and I enjoyed the experience so much that we've actually been back a few times already bringing friends along for a great meal. It's become my favorite indian restaurant in NYC, next to its sister restaurant Moti Mahal on the upper east side. Thank you Gaurav for bringing such amazing and authentic Indian cuisine to the upper west side!
Excellent and authentic food from the Awadh region of North India, i.e., this is where you go to stuff your face with KEBABS.  The Galouti kebab (minced lamb) is divine and melts in your mouth (as it should), and the chicken tikka with pomegranate and black pepper sauce is also scrumptious.  But what actually took my breath away is the spinach and lentil kebab - absolutely unbelievable.  My advice is to stick to the kebabs, which is what Lucknowi Awadhi cuisine is (most) famous for.  The Aloo Gobhi Matar, which was just about OK, as was the Shahi Tukda (bread pudding) that we tried for dessert.  The Masala Chai is a good way to round out your meal. This place is still fairly new, but it's bound to become pretty popular on the UWS.
Had a wonderful experience! !! The black lentil soup was excellent! ! Met the sweetest bartender named Martha, he made my new favorite drink the Indian Summer to perfection!!! I will definitely be back soon!!!
Finally an Indian restaurant in the UWS and one that I will keep returning to! We had a phenomenal dining experience at Awadh last evening. The novelty of finding Awadhi cuisine in NY combined with dishes that consistently blow you away is a heady & rare experience. The Galoti kebabs melted in our mouth and both the nihari, and lobster masala packed just the right blend of spices. Their shahi tukda dessert was  utterly sinful without being overly sweet. Each dish is traditional yet new to the NYC diner. Beyond the food, the attention to detail in service and presentation was noteworthy: politeness of waitstaff without being overbearing, a gentle, polished ambiance fit for a casual do with friends or special occasions. The music was just right and I could still hear my dining partner.A special mention for the owners who were there right till closing, and were thoughtfully checking in with each guest through the night.I haven't had this good an Indian meal in a long while (and this is after comparing them against Junoon, Devi, Tulsi, Bukhara and other good examples).Needless to say, I am very excited about this wonderful addition to NYC. We are looking forward to sharing this experience with our friends!
Stay away.  We were hungry so we ordered four appetizers.  One of the was good (the cauliflower in spicy tomato sauce).  The lamb sausage things were passable.  The lamb patties were just weird.  The fourth appetizer was not the one we ordered, despite the fact that I distinctly remember saying the name.  Missed communication, perhaps.  But when it came and we said "we want the one with pomegranate" that the people at the next table had, the waiter said he'd take it to the kitchen and the chef would sprinkle pomegranate on it and say it was the same thing.  Despite the fact that ours had a coating and a baked on sauce, and the dish at the other table had a light sauce.But here's the real reason you shouldn't go.  When the main course arrived, we got a nice big fresh bowl of white rice.  My husband pulled the serving spoon out and noticed spinach and tomato sauce on the spoon.  It wasn't just a utensil that wasn't cleaned.  It appeared to have been taken out of a used serving dish from another table and inserted into our rice.  And that disgusts me.  Once something is on someone else's table, I don't want it.  I've been known to lick serving spoons at Indian restaurants and I'm sure others have as well.  We got up and left without paying.  I will not go back.
My new favorite restaurant on the Upper West Side. I saw Chef Gaurav Anand on Fox 5 premiering his new restaurant. I have been there maybe over ten times in the last month. The quality and consistency of the food is amazing! Some of my favorite dishes are the CHAAP KA BARRAH (Mustard Marinated Lamb Chops | Grilled), the AJWAINI JHEENGA (Carom Seed Marinated Jumbo Prawns | Grilled), the GALOUTI KEBAB (Minced Lamb Patties | Chef's Spice Mix | Originally Created For The Royals of Awadh), the NALI KI NIHARI (Lamb Shanks Simmered Overnight in Aromatic Stock | Dum Pukht" Cooked), the URI JHEENGA (Coconut Shrimp Curry), the SARSON MACHCHI TIKKA (Sea Bass | Mustard Marinade) and the LEHSUNI NAAN (Clay Oven Baked | Garlic Glaze). Also you can't go wrong with what I believe is a blueberry chutney sauce which I can't seem to find on the menu.  Make sure to order the garlic naan to accompany the coconut shrimp curry dish to maximize your experience in making sure you get every last drop off the flavor of the curry sauce.The drinks are also great. Sam and Martha are great bartenders with great personality making you feel at home. You must check it out! The only con is when more customers find out about this place, I may have to wait longer for my food. ;-)
To be totally honest the group I was with was a bit of a mess when we arrived. One of the members of our party was really upset (something unfortunate had just happened) and, as a result, a sort of scene ensued. Honestly, if I was the restaurant I would have been really annoyed, upset, etc. Because of this issue, we ordered late and generally were probably very difficult customers. Throughout it all, the wait staff was incredibly nice and patient - I hope we tipped them enough; they deserved it all and more. Although all I have discussed is the terrific service, I ought to also mention that the food is insanely good as well. We ordered a few "wild cards" and they all turned out in our favor, so I guess the second takeaway is don't feel limited to what you know on the menu.
Very good food.  The drinks made by Samson wuz rockinThey need to put out Bigga tables thao.  Many dishes they bring out but tables R smallRecommend to eat dur
wow, so come here if you want your food with a side of ATTITUDE.  It's the same one waiter in charge who gives terrible customer service.  We had a reservation on opentable and arrived at 6:30pm, the restaurant was empty.    We checked in and I gave my first name, but no, my FULL name was suspiciously demanded. u know...in case I was poaching someone else's reservation for a deserted restaurant.  We sat down and kept getting pushed to order cocktails and drinks.  We asked for food recommendations and were read the most expensive items in each category (ugh, I HATE that..can you be slightly less obvious?).  We asked for more water.  None arrived. We asked for water and a beer.  The beer came lickety split ($$).  The water...nowhere to be found..we had to ask 2 different busboys.  Then, they tried to clear our table two different times...with food still on the plates.  End of meal, what no dessert?  Finally my friends and I had enough of this crap.  As I was in the bathroom and my friends were waiting at the table so we could leave, LITERALLY the same waiter came over and practically shoved them out  "Is there a problem with the bill?  what no?  ok, I have other parties waiting."  W.T.F.   we are on our way out already, is it not obvious?!It's been a really long time since I've had such crappy service where the waiter was so obvious in raking in the money.  I hate that feeling and won't be back!
Had a dinner party upstairs for close to 30 ppl. The food is top notch. Hands down best Indian food in NYC. And one of my favorite restaurants hands down. They have a great staff, the service was impeccable and they went over and beyond for us. I highly recommend this restaurant. Best lamb chops I've ever had at ANY RESTAURANT no matter what the cuisine!
The food was not bad but the experience was not pleasant at all. Having decent food is not enough in a city with hundreds of other places to eat at. It's the service that makes a difference and plays a huge role on a pleasurable time. This place needs to hire a better staff. We ate here once and probably won't come back. The host and waitress were very rude, dull and inattentive. They messed up an order, had to be asked to refill our water glasses, hardly checked up on us and took way too long to bus our table, return with our food and hand us the check. There was one waiter though who happened to pass by our table who was actually nice. I hate to see that one or two good waiters get a bad rep for the majority of the unprofessional staff. Eat here at your own risk. You might get someone nice to wait your table but the odds are greatly against you. No worries, there are plenty of other good spots to eat at in the city.
Good Indian food. Get the lamb chops they are amazing.The chicken kababs were delicious. The biriyani was fresh and amazing. It's nothing like the microwaved shit you get in Lexington.  Didn't get to try the veg but the n.veg dishes were very good.It wasn't too expensive either.
One of the best North Indian cuisines in the city. Great flavor, staff and awesome menu. I've been coming here few times and will continue that trend. You have not experienced Indian food in Manhattan if you have not been to Awadh !
I had a little high expectations but was turned down. Well first we ordered the appetizer and choose the lamb cutlet speciality of Awadh. It was good but then went on to the main course and ordered nalli ki nihari and chicken tikka masala with butter naan n aloo kulchas. The nalli ki nihari is a lamb dish and add expected the lamb chop was very tender. But the gravy was really sour it should have had little more spicier but was not. I guess I missed out to tell them to make it spicy. Also I was told that it was made from onion gravy stew but it was no where near to taste like typical onion gravy dish. The butter naan very very big and served cold. Really a big turn down. There kulcha was hot and soft, but there stuffing was not aptly done. Finally with two main entry dishes we expected the rice to be a side dish, but to our surprise we were charged 3$ just for the rice side dish. All in not that enticing to visit again. Staff was friendly and helpful.
Review Summary: *Strongly recommend for good quality Indian food*About 2 months ago, I wrote a bad review for Awadh. It was because my wife and I were dissatisfied about certain things that occurred on that day. Today, we revisited the place and I am writing to say that our experience on that day was a one-off and that Awadh is a truly excellent place to dine.We had the lahsuni gobi, some kofta and aloo pudina pulao. They were absolutely exquisite. The service was great as well. No complaints whatsoever.We have eaten in a lot of Indian restaurants all over the USA, and the quality of food here is impressive. They have a great selection, with some very unique dishes.I greatly appreciate the care the owner, Mr. Anand took to correct what happened earlier with us. We admire people who *truly* believe in the work they do and aim for perfection, not just for good business turnover, but just for the sake of perfection. Mr. Anand's concern for good service is apparent with the very classy way he apologized and dealt with our situation.Five stars, nothing short. Please keep up the great work.One suggestion. We found even their spiciest food to be not sufficiently strong for the Indian palette. And I believe I am some one with very low tolerance for spicy food. I understand they want to cater to all kinds of clientele they might have, but it would be nice to have a few higher notches of spiciness available. That won't harm any of the other people; at the same time it might satisfy some extra people.
Decided to eat here one Sunday afternoon as it was one of the better rated Indian restaurants near Columbia University/ UWS. We were the only people there (group of 6), and yet service was nothing more than perfunctory. What we liked - the Bhindi Do-pyaza, Gosht Biryani and the Chicken Tariwala (the chicken was excellent - spicy, tangy and flavorful). What we did not like - the Aloo Korma, which was strangely sweet, under seasoned and very one-note with a few slices of potatoes thrown in. Very strange dish. Also our rotis and parathas were dried out and stiff in no time. They will need to up their game to remain in play as one of the better nyc indian restaurants.
Really great newly opened Indian place on the UWS.  Nice/fancy interior, good service and excellent food.  We had the chicken tikka masala, goat curry and palak paneer with garlic naan.  Everything was delicious.  Kind of pricey though.For those with strollers, there is a small step at the front entrance to get in.
The food at this place is amazing; however, service has been deteriorating. My first visit was 3 months ago and I was very happy with the experience, I decided to go back a couple of days ago and the hostess was very impolite and rude. I had to wait 2 hours when I was supposed to wait 45 minutes. Next time I will order delivery or take out, I definitely love the food, but I cannot tolerate bad customer service.
From a man that has tried countless Indian places in the City, this is the best in the UWS.The only place that comes close in Manhattan might be Dhaba in Curry Hill (around 28th and Lex Ave). Do yourself a favor and come here, and soon you will be working this into your normal restaurant circuit like me.I never write reviews, but I had to logon especially for this after my dinner last night.
ordered the murg biryani for pick up. Great food. Need to try more dishes to give this a 5. But biryani was definitely one of the best I have had in manhattan
I went to an event that was catered by Awadh and a few of us got food poisoning from the chicken , which seemed to me a little undercooked. Now maybe it's better at the restaurant but for this reviewer, the management totally failed this evening. Who knows how many people got sick this evening. I will say the other food was good but never worth food poisoning:-)
Truly a gem among the host of Indian restaurants in the NYC area. I am from Delhi, India and have tasted "awadh" cuisine at a few good places in India. Can definitely say that this is as close as it gets to the authentic flavors of awadhi cuisine. The cooking method and the blend of spices brings out a delicious flavor in most dishes that we tried at this restaurant. Good for a date or meeting friends in a big group. The service is attentive and they also have an excellent wine selection. I would highly recommend trying the galouti and spinach kebabs and the nali ki nihari, lamb dahiwali, Gosht Biryani and even the bharwan baingan for the vegetarians. The portion sizes and the prices are decent for the quality of food served at Awadh. Waiting for my next trip to try some more delicacies from the menu. I have highly recommended it to several of my friends who were all thanks for the recommendation. Bookmark it if you want to try authentic, good quality and flavorful Indian cuisine.
My fiance and I have been to Awadh numerous times as its our favorite Indian restaurant in the city. The food is always top notch and Chef/Owner Gaurav has put together quite an authentic menu. The service at Awadh is very much improved from the beginning days and many of the recent reviews about the service are simply nitpicking. Guarav & Awadh hosted my Fiance's 30th birthday party for 20 people on a Saturday night last minute. They were impressively accommodating, especially last minute and made the entire night absolutely perfect. We were given numerous options for the menu, either a la carte or pre fixe, which we chose the former. The kitchen executed entrees, appetizers and sides for everyone with ease and the food didn't skip a beat. I can't recommend Awadh enough, especially to anyone who loves Indian food. Every time I go to the restaurant, Chef Gaurav and his wife are there and always greet us. The experience is always so personable and welcoming. You will be hard pressed to find another restaurant where the owner is there making sure everything is perfect for every guest day in and day out and it shows in the food.
Fantastic dining experience. I did not want the food to end. The coconut and cashew sauces are superb. All the dishes were prepared expertly. Service was very attentive. The atmosphere was comfortable. I would go back and recommend to a friend.
Sorry to be in the minority, but my friend and I were so disappointed in Awadh. We have been regulars @Indus Valley for many years, and decided to try Awadh (just 2 blocks south), after reading such glowing reviews. We got there at 4:55, and they refused to let us in until 5:00. When it did open, there was a huge ladder at the door, and the gentleman ignored us and didn't move the ladder until we asked. The restaurant was empty, and nobody came over until we motioned for a waiter.Every dish we ordered had the same hot spice in it, and we could barely differentiate one dish from another; that spiced ruined the tastes of the food.The okra appetizer was dry and seemed burned.The lamb in the lamb saag was hard and that prevalent spice made it inedible.Dishes were very overpriced and everything was a la carte. We have never been to an Indian restaurant when basmati rice was not included with the main dish.Certainly won't be returning.Back to Indus Valley we will go!
The best Indian food uptown in Manhattan. Try it, you won't regret it! It's a bit upscale compared to most Indian restaurants in the city so be prepared for higher prices.
Yummy!!!!! The food is good! The blonde bartender named Martha was really amazing and really knew her stuff!! Will def be coming here again! Def try the butter chicken and lemon rice! So good! Drinks are so good too! My favs were the Indian summer and aristocrat! Can't wait to come back and try more dishes!! Will review back when I do! Xo
Very disappointing....the dishes are not anywhere close in authenticity to their names.  E.g. Shikampuri kebab is nothing like the original Shikampuri recipe and the cauliflower was very sour and tangy, and had no balance...chutneys were stale and bitter...you could taste the flour in both appetizers and we could not get ourselves to order a main course.  The entrees at the adjacent table did not look appetizing at all.  Avoid....its not authentic :(
The chicken was chewy and not the freshest. It felt like it had been frozen since many days. Service was not the greatest either. The servers were talking loudly among themselves which was very unprofessional and irritating for patrons. Have eaten at many Indian restaurants in NYC and can safely say that there are many better ones around. This one is too pricey as well for the inferior quality of food they offer. Would not recommend to anyone. The management needs to definitely get both better staff and chefs.
We have good three Indian restaurants within a couple blocks of our apartment. Awadh is the best of the three. Bolder flavors, nicer decor and great service. Our server, Hitesh, made some good recommendations. We know Indian food, but Awadh had several dishes that we had never tried. He steered us to some good ones. We'll be back for more.
Ordered takeout here with business card I hadn't used in weeks. Next day, illegitimate $571.72 was charged to a toys r us in New Jersey. Called the restaurant and they were defensive, unapologetic And rude. Didn't help that they aren't on seamless. Good luck!
This food here is so unhealthy, oily and tasteless. Order from CLOVE for a much healthier, affordable and tasty alternative.
Poor awadh experience forced me to sign-up on Yelp to write this review. Below is a synopsis of my experience today2:45pm - I call awadh to order food for delivery (since they were unavailable on seamless for some reason). I place my order and I am told that food will be there in 30 mins (great! just ran the nyc marathon and i need some good indian curry)3:30pm - I call to check on the status of my order and they tell me that the delivery guy has already left for my apartment few blocks away3:45pm - i call back and i am told 3 things. i. our kitchen closed at 3:30pm ii. we should not have taken your order so close to our closing time and the SHOCKER iii. delivery guy is on his way ON FOOT (??!!!)4:05pm - food finally arrives. Cold. Breads have become rubber and curries are leaking from the containers. Anyways, I am starving and in no mood to walk around to look for food, so eat whatever I can salvage from the delivery.4:15pm - I call and ask for the lady who I had spoken with earlier or the manager and both of them are "unavailable", so I register my unhappiness and I dont even get an apology.I am staying away from awadh. Maybe its good for dine-in, but I would not recommend ordering delivery from them. Would recommend Savory or Sarvanaas Bhavan instead.
Exceptional food. Think of the exact opposite of your generic neighborhood Indian take out. The okra appetizer is large enough for sharing and fried quite nicely. Baby eggplant main dish has a wonderful complexity. The goat biryani was the best and most interesting I've ever had. Good service with the waiter willing to make suggestions and offer explanations made for a great meal!  I absolutely will be back!
the food was good. The service awful. I arrived with an older friend and we were seated. Took ten minutes just to get a menu. Then we waited forever to see a waiter. Finally, we were able to order and the food took forever to arrive. We commented on the poor service to the customers sitting next to us, when they arrived, but saw that they were served much more efficiently than us. So we had to wonder if the restaurant is not into older clientele, tho that would be the kiss of death on the upper west side. My Biryani was good, my friends veggie dish even better. The paratha and roti were just average. As I was leaving the manager asked if we enjoyed our meal and handed me a take out menu. Too funny. I told him the service sucked and left a lousy tip.
Horrible service. Waited 40 minutes for our appetizers. The food was way too salty. They do not honor reservations. The only way this place is successful is because there are zero restaurants in the area.
We gave Awadh a second chance and the lunch time service and food was much worse than our already reduced expectations. The food was cold and definitely not freshly prepared. The alloo mattar tasted like from a frozen food box . Definitely not an Indian food go to.
Worth a visit.  Good service and tasty food. Tried only vegetarian options.  All just fine.  Would not order the garlic naan  again but will return
Went there for valentine's day and it was an awful experience. It was a prefixed menu night. First, they didn't have my reservation. Food took forever to come out, and when it did, it was already cold. The portion was very tiny, we even had to go to a different place after dinner. For what we paid versus the quality and portion, we felt like we've been robbed. This is the first bad review I've written but honestly this is the worst meals I've had in NYC.
Ordered the tandoori chicken and it was unlike any other I have ever had. It had a very unpleasant floral smell and taste and I could hardly eat it. My friend had a lamb kabob which was very good though. All in all, it's overpriced and I would not go back.
I'll get straight to the point, food is AMAZING. I ordered the curry coconut shrimp and spinach patties . Service was good, environment is beautiful. They're a little pricey, but worth it for sure. Definitely recommend this place. Make reservations tho!
The chicken korma, rice, and garlic nan was excellent. However, lamb pukht biryanni was equally as dry as my roti.
The scallop appetizer was tender and full of amazing flavors. The lamb dish that is cooked all night was tender as can be and melted in my mouth - exploding with flavor. Very impressed! Oh, and the naan and rice were both awesome. This is not your typical Indian fare.
Excellent meal!  Went to dinner with 3 family members for a "guys night out".  We split 6 appetizers and 4 entrees.  Each dish was expertly prepared and visually stunning.  Standouts for me were the Shakarkandi Aur Ananas Ki Chaat (a grilled sweet potato and pineapple app), Tawa Scallops app (perfectly seared with a delicious sauce), and the Dahiwala (tender goat stew with a kick).  The garlic naan was out of this world.  Even the basmati rice was delicious on its own.  Actually, everything was great!The owner and wait staff were all friendly and attentive, offered menu recommendations, and relatively flawless considering how new the restaurant is.  All four of us agreed that guys night out would have to be more often.  Can't wait to get back to try out the rest of the menu!
The delicate ecology of Upper West Side dining -- yes, even deserts have an ecology -- has been upset. Awadh is a star. My first visit established the restaurant as the best Indian restaurant in the area; if it matures, it could be the best in Manhattan. Flavors in familiar dishes popped. Grilled kebab starters such as Murgh Tikka -- chicken marinated in black pepper and pomegranate, and garnished with pomegranate seeds -- and a kebab alternating spiced sweet potatoes and pineapple were at once hearty and delicate. Paneer tikka masala matched grilled cottage cheese with a spicy tomato-based sauce. The meat of the lamb shank could have been more tender, but the sauce was spiked with ginger and chilies. Even the garlic naan was a cut above what we've come to expect.Service was earnest and attentive. The management and staff are working hard to be liked. It's endearing for now, but may not be sustainable for the long run. If I show up on a weeknight as a walk-in party of two, and am told apologetically that there might be a 10- to 15-minute wait for a table, there's no need to comp my dessert. (A lovely trio of sorbets, and two loose-leaf teas.) Good service and great food will carry the day. Awadh has both.
I could eat raw green chillies with the Butter chicken. It was THAT SWEET! It was horrible. The chicken was bland. Palak paneer was uncooked. I ordered it only for the paneer as you can't find it in normal stores. The Naan was the worst part. It was similar to the naan on retail stores. The only saving grace was gulab jamun. Stop americanizing Indian food!
I have been to this restaurant twice since they opened, great food and great service. It's pricy but it's worth it.
Let's do this chronologically, shall we?6-27-148:11pm call the restaurant and ask about the wait. "None! Come on over!"8:20 arrive at Awadh. Told there is a ten minute wait. 8:55 seated at a table directly behind Point of Sale register.9:03 place order of two entree and two beers.9:15(ish) watch people next to us enjoy their appetizer. Curiously, they placed their order after we did.9:20 (ish) hunger related delusions turn boyfriend across the table into a drumstick a la Wile. E. Coyote in the desert.9:28 Drumstick asks if our food is coming out soon.9:31 Food miraculously appears, straight from their home underneath the heat lamp. Beers are nowhere to be seen. Food tastes fine. But by then, so would saw dust.I could mention the abundance of staff milling about, the poor service at the bar, the should be crispy papadums presented as a peace offering that flopped at the slightest touch. Or the quixotic attempts at customer satisfaction that began only after we requested the check. But the bottom line is this: If you're hungry and looking for food, this is not the place for you.
One of the most important aspects of dining out is to enjoy the conversation of friends.  So no matter how good the food, if you can't hear each other comfortably, it becomes an ordeal, not a pleasure. So, alas, for Awadh.  The food was interesting and different from the usual Indian fare we get, service was attentive and wanted to please, but by the end of the meal we couldn't wait to leave because it was so noisy.  No desert, no coffee, just got out.We had asked for a quiet table,  and so it was when the upstairs room was half full. But when all tables were taken (and there are only about 12), it became really unpleasant.  Better sound design, attention to acoustics could make this a winner.  It's a problem in so many restaurants, as if loudness is attractive, a sign of success.
Here's the dichotomy... The food is surprisingly good but the service is utterly dismal. It's puzzling why a restaurant of this caliber would have such ridiculously poor service staff. Service was so bad that other patrons sitting in near by tables felt compelled to voice it to each other. Since our visit, read other reviews and it's the same pattern of poor service. The elderly gentleman who takes the food order and tries to haplessly explain the lunch menu is completely unsuited for his job and the rest of the service staff actively avoid patron's simplest dining needs... Sincerely hope the restaurant management cares enough to rectify this to build a healthy reputation because the food is scrumptious!!
Finally, a great Indian restaurant on the upper west side. The food is unique and exceptional and not at all spicy. The atmosphere is warm and friendly, thanks to the owner and chef, Gaurav, and his wife Shagun. I cannot eat spicy food, and Gaurav took the time to cook me a delicious sea bass that eclectically flavorful, yet not spicy. We have been there twice and plan to go back often. Sanghamitra and Amitabha Mukherjee
The food was amazing. A blur of magnificence from start to finish. Even the modest bottle of Malbec was the best I've ever had. I read the reviews here on Yelp and was prepared to like Awadh, but the meal was way beyond expectations. Don't miss the marinated chicken with black pepper and pomegranate appetizer. Salmon with fenugreek marinade was otherworldly. Lamb shanks were also killer.
I really enjoyed Lagaan Ki Rann with garlic naan! The food was great, the environment is ok.
Great place for dinner with family when they come to town or friends (went for my birthday!) Appetizers: Spinach Lentil Tikka = amazing. Entrees: The Bhindi was out of this world. Couple this with the Mint Naan? Fantastic.  Dessert: Kulfi = always a winner. Finally drinks were great (esp. the very unique Indian Summer Drink with mango, mint, and peppers) as well and the Bartender is the best of the staff.
The best India food I have ever had. Everything is cooked and spiced to perfection. Great service reasonable prices.
Definitely the best NYC Indian restaurant. Gaurav has definitely taken his skills to a new level. Go there before it gets impossible to get a reservation. Try the lamb kebabs and chops, they are exceptional. But you can't go wrong with any of the dishes.
This place has amazing Indian food!  Not that we needed another Indian restaurant in this neighborhood, but I'm still glad we have it.  The service can be slow though, but the food is worth the wait. :)
Gaurav Anand has outdone himself with his latest offering! I have eaten there a few times already since it opened, and I must say the food at Awadh is probably the best Indian I have eaten in NYC. The staff were very helpful and attentive, and the food came out very promptly and well presented. Awadh saves me a trip to curry hill for good Indian food. Kudos to the Awadh team!
We got takeaway delivered from Adwah.We have had a very difficult time finding Indian food that is anywhere close to the standard we were used to in the UK. I'm happy to say that this is the closest we have found and we thoroughly enjoyed our food this evening. The paneer starter was tasty with big chunks of cheese and the main courses were both full of flavour with well cooked, tender lamb and chicken. I was also impressed with the size of the main courses-no skimping at all!It is more expensive than I would usually want to pay for takeaway but maybe that is the price you have to pay to get better quality Indian food in NYC that almost (but not quite) reaches London levels.One thing I would add is they should either include a link to seamless on their website or add the fact that they deliver to their website as we very nearly missed out on their tasty food not knowing from their website that they delivered and not being in the mood to eat in at the restaurant.
Definitely the best Indian restaurant on the upper west side. Elegant interiors, attentive service, no loud music, and fantastic food. A majority of their dishes are innovative and unique, not the usual paneer and chicken tikka served up my most Indian restaurants. I went there on a Friday night with two friends and we had a hard time picking what to eat as everything looked interesting and worth a try. In the end we went with Dalcha palak kabab and bhune aloo ke Khulle for appetizers, both turned out to be one of the best appetizers I have ever had. Spectacular taste, beautiful plating, and decent size portions! We had kairi Ki daal and subz sangam to finish off a great meal. Certainly going back to try all appetizers and entrees they have on their menu!
This review is purely for the customer service, the food is actually great and one of the best in NYC. The customer service especially the lady on the phone is sooo rude and annoying that I honestly think twice before calling for ordering for delivery on lazy weekend afternoon. I would rather go all the away to pick to avoid talking to her. She is not only rude, she is also not helpful at all. To avoid talking to her I tried using seamless, which is down all the time for their restaurant saying it is closed. Why have it in seamless in the first place?In any case I love the food so might continue to be customer but if the customer service is not improved soon would be sadly forced to look elsewhere for good indian food in my hood.
The decor is so royal. The lunch special is amazing! The appetizers were so well prepared. The chicken so tender, and the goat meat.... Let's just say we left- with our bodies swollen from the Goat meat with a great big smile on our face. The manager and the staff are so welcoming and have us such good treatment. Can't wait to come back
Update: Took a whole bunch of friends this time [6 of us] because I was very pleased with food and service last time. This time food was still good, but service suffered terribly. Our drinks came after the main course started (and the restaurant wasnt crowded either). We are a healthy bunch, ate our hearts out - the check came out to $60 per person. So we put our credit cards out and asked them to split the check - guess what? They dont take more than 3 cards per check. Thats so random! The transaction fees would have been same for them. So disappointing. We struggled to collect enough cash and ended up putting the tab on 3 cards. All that doesnt end well - results in 3 stars or less
Over priced, poor service, and average food. I usually don't give too much mind to service at Indian restaurants but when you have 25% tip added to your bill for a party of four, it becomes an issue. We had to ask twice for almost everything. The server even took great liberties in suggesting weight watcher items on the menu when asked about the ingredients in one of the appetizers (what!). The food was not bad but there are plenty of other comparable or even better restaurants in the UWS/Morningside heights area. The decor inside is very nice but not sure I'll pay this much money again just for the decor.
Excellent!  Went with a group and everything we tried was delicious!  I had the paneer tikki masala - some of the best I've ever had.  I also has the garlic naan and lemon rice.  I cleaned my plate!  The restaurant itself is beautiful and the service was friendly and patiently answered our million questions.  This will totally be my new go to for Indian in this neighborhood!
A gem of a place.And the food is scrumptious . We had the lamb biryani- the meat was tender and perfectly seasoned marinaded . The dum biryani was one of the best I have had the pleasure of indulging in.The paneer was polished off before I got a chance to get to it- so it must have been good.The karere bhindi was crisp and delicious.The tandoori dishes was very well seasoned and moist.Food was well presented and served.On the downside- though I am sure after all that deliciousness- the oil could be a tad less , the add on sweet (a good touch) was not upto their mark with the rest of the food.Probably I got used to the perfection by the time I got to this.Great ambience.Let's have some better music - just my suggestion- but then I really gave a deaf ear!!
This place was fantastic! Amazing ambiance, and the food was incredible! Definitely planning on going back before we leave the city.
I had great expectations from this place but it turned out to be below average. The food is overpriced and rather bland. My naan bread was undercooked and so were the chicken pieces of my chicken entrée. I must say that it is nowhere near the fine Awadh cuisine after which the restaurant is named. I was so disappointed that I did not order any dessert!
Delicious northern Indian food. For our appetizer we ordered the Awadh Murgh Tikka. If you come here, you really should make a point of ordering this dish and trying it. The chicken is extremely tender and succulent.For dinner we had the Bindi Do Pyaza- an Okra curry and the Dahiwala- a babygoat curry. The okra had a nice charcoal flavor to the curry and there are several other vegetables in the curry including very juicy, sweet tomatoes and a raw ginger garnish. The Dahiwala was a brown curry, very thick, and excellent for going over the rice. Neither dish was too spicy. For sides we had the garlic nan and the lemon rice. We were inspired to eat here after reading the recent New Yorker article which review the restaurant. I recommend reading their review as well. I think the food is really a 4 1/2 to 5 stars. But the service was somewhat poor. We were there at the end of the night. And no particular waiter or waitress was assigned to us so it was always a new person who came over. They were somewhat slow refilling our waters, bringing our check. However, I think it may have just been the end of a long day for them. But the food is well worth the wait!
Wow...a party in your mouth filled with flavors you've never quite experienced.  Hari, the captain, was helpful in trying to determine what we should order without overselling.  Plates were licked clean and all was delicious.
By far the best Indian restaurant!!!!!! Go and enjoy their menu....it's freaking spectacular. They have a full bar, upstairs seating and great service!!! They also play great Buddha bar lounge music. I would give it 5 stars....but I've never given anyone 5 stars. Maybe I should  start!!!!!
Service is a little laid back but the servers were very pleasant. My husband had to take work call in between meals and our server was very kind to ask if we wanted to reheat the meal.We took my parents who have lived in the north and have had some amazing awadhi meals at simple restaurants and for them the food was not at all good in terms of flavor profile and quality. We felt the restaurant caters the food more towards their western customers and it lacked the soulfulness. We ordered Paneer tikka: under spiced/under seasoned, though the Paneer was very tender and we'll grilled.Dal makhni: not at all good in terms of flavor. They commented that it have been frozen (preserved) and then reheated. I might be wrong but the flavors lacked!Malai kofta: kofta were not at all tender and were on the harder side. The sauce had very mild flavor and lacked seasoning. Lachha paratha  and Naan were not at all soft. We've had better at other restaurants in NYC. Awadh murg tikka: tender and soft chicken. My husband loved it. Awadh dum gosht: lamb was under cooked. It was not so great!Won't be coming back.
Dining experience was excellent. Food was delicious . Service was very helpful and courteous . Manager and bartender went out of their way to insure a very satisfying evening. We tried many dishes and each one was wonderful.
I went here for a friend's birthday and it was truly amazing and the service was GREAT. My friend is gluten free and we were able to order lots of dishes for the whole table to enjoy. Definitely recommend!
Today was the 3rd time I've had dinner at Awadh and the food is absolutely amazing. Our server today (Tito) suggested a perfect wine for the food we were having. I recommend trying a few appetizers like the Delchi Palak Kebab, the mustard marinated lamb chops, their special naan bread and all of their vegetarian specialties. The host greets you and from the moment you arrive the service is excellent.I would also recommend their Awadh special cocktails, they're quite interesting.I'll be coming back very soon.
Great dinner place. The people are very nice and the food is delicious. So many vegetarian and non-spicy options!
The food was quite good. Wait staff was very pleasant.It appears that they are a little overwhelmed with their sudden success though.We had ordered four appetizers. Two of them arrived and were quite filling (the portions were large). Our entrees then arrived and we all decided not to comment to anyone that the other two appetizers were never served (as we had probably ordered too much food).When our bill finally arrived we saw that we were charged for the unserved two appetizers as well as an extra beer (probably that was the result of the order being taken by two different servers). We pointed out the errors and the bill was changed.However, as we left we felt the that the person who appeared to be the manager of the restaurant shot us a dirty look, as if he didn't believe us about the overcharges.That really soured us on the whole experience.
What can I say? This Indian restaurant is a cut above the others in the neighborhood. Everything we've tried has been amazing, and the service is outstanding. When we came the 2nd time (after coming a couple of weeks before when they'd just opened) the waitress remembered what we'd had the first time! They're all extremely friendly and attentive.I'm not a huge fan of the big cushy seats (altho my beloved wife loves them and she's apparently always right), but I'd sit on anything to eat this food. Awesome. Try the Chapati Gobhi Lehsuni!
Just finished dinner at Adwah.  I'm giving it 3 stars because the food was a five, but the service was a one.  We came early and the restaurant was mostly empty.  Our server took forever filling up our waters with the world's slowest carafe and kept walking away when we said we would like to order.  Bizzare and confusing. Finally after 10 minutes, he brought us pappadums, then left AGAIN when we said we would like to order.  Turns out, he was the busboy and someone else would have to take our order.  He told a man in a suit that our table and the one next to ours (who came in well after us) were ready to order.  The man walks up to the other table, takes their order, then walks away and spends 5 minutes up front at the computer giving various people instructions.  By this time, it's not just my kids who are hungry, it's all of us.  Finally, I make eye contact and the man sends over the world's most lethargic woman to take our order.  Argh. She had zero interest in describing the menu, and left us to our own devices.  Well, long story short, I'm glad we waited to order, because when the food did arrive, it was amazing.  No problems whatsoever with the kitchen side of this restaurant.  My husband travels quite a bit in India, and he said it was as good as what he eats there. We had a biryani, the okra, chana dal and a paneer appetizer.  All were quite good.  The service continued to be frustrating though.  There manged to be a huge crowd of serving staff with none of the attentiveness you would expect from having that many people around.  We ordered a second mango lassi for my son that never arrived.  Too bad, as he said the first one was the best he ever had. Also, no one had the faintest clue how to set down a dish or take away a dirty one without making a huge production of it.  The kitchen doesn't deserve to have a front run the way it is currently run. I hope someone takes a good, hard look at that staff and makes the changes the food richly deserves.
Another excellent dinner here. This is our favorite Indian by far now. Pretty space. Great cocktails (we like the vodka w pomegranate and the Nawab). We always get the stuffed mushrooms and the grilled shrimp to start. Usually go w lamb for main - last night the lamb Saag....daal, lemon rice, raita, naan....wonderful flavors and not just the same old tikka etc....
Relished the grilled lamb chops and chicken biryaani at Awadh. Love indian hospitality. We were served like the royals!
Every dish we tried was awesome!  We were a party of 12, the service was prompt, the food was hot and served on time.  Presentation was excellent, and most importantly tasted great!!!
We were searching for something different in our neighborhood one evening, and this new North Indian restaurant was just what we needed. A couple of the other Indian places in the area are indistinguishable, but Awadh really stands out. Since I admit I am writing this about a month after our visit, I will not be able to single out the particular dishes we enjoyed, but can say unequivocally that every morsel we tasted from start to finish was a unique delight on the palate. Another real standout was the service. When I couldn't decide on a wine, the bartender was happy to prepare an impromptu tasting especially for me, after asking a few thoughtful questions about my wine preferences. Throughout the meal, we felt our every need was anticipated. We never had to ask for anything twice, and never encountered anyone on the entire team with a lackluster attitude (unfortunately, a rarity these days). You can tell, the management truly takes pride not only in the menu but also in those charged with presenting it. I highly recommend giving this place a try. By the time we left, it felt more like a gathering with friends than a mere dining experience.
The food was great. Cuisine wise this is a great addition to the UWS. But the service left something to be desired and the air conditioning didn't seem to be on despite it being a pretty warm day. We were there for the lunch service during which you have a choice of veg or non-veg set lunches. The menu changes daily so the waiter just reads out to you what's on offer. It would be preferable to at least have these things written out on a menu board that can be taken to a table so we can follow what the server is saying.
Really delicious naans and biryani dishes.  Friendly service even though one of the waiters is always trying to up sell us on more stuff.
I ate at Awadh during its first month and had a wonderful experience.  Last night I returned with my husband and niece having raved about that first experience.Disappointment #1  noise level - too loudDisappointment #2 - Crispy Okra appetizer - went from a sublime experience first time to an over salty, boring fried appetizer last nightDisappointment #3 - when we finished our first bottle of wine it took us 30 MINUTES to get someone to bring us a second and another 15 MINUTES to clear the plates and pack up leftoversDisappointment #4 / Bizarre Experience #1 -  When the 'maitre'd' returned with my packed up naan she said, "I did not include the papadum (which I had put in with the naan), as it was complimentary." BIZARRE!!  Do you mean that they are going to give our leftover crackers (which were broken and half eaten, to other guests at a restaurant where we just spent $200.00 for dinner?!?!?!?  EGADS!Bizarre Experience #2 - The bar tender came over to our table, interrupted our conversation and proceeded to make awkward and prolonged small talk until finally meandering away after at least five minutes.  She was a rather 'interesting' person.Disappointment #5 -  A minute after the bar tender left our table, the 'maitre'd' came over and abruptly asked us to leave stating that people had been waiting for our table for 30 minutes.  We asked for our coats and left promptly.We will not return - ever.  Alas!
