This place is amazing! As a family we eat Chinese food often and this by far is our new spot in New York! Jeff the waiter and possibly the owner gave exceptional service and was on top of our every need! The food is top of the line as well! The eggplant dish was like nothing we have ever had! We may even come back before vacation is over! We definitely recommend this place!
I stopped by China Xiang for lunch with a couple of coworkers, having walked by the restaurant several times before. We opted to share three dishes off the lunch special family style: the kung pao chicken, eggplant, and double-cooked pork belly with tofu. This came with a soup and bowl of white rice per dish. Of the three dishes, the eggplant was probably the best. Overall, I found the flavors of the dishes somewhat muted. I didn't quite get much spice from the kung pao chicken, and the pork belly and tofu failed to shine. This was shocking, especially for a so-called Hunan restaurant, a cuisine known for its spices and aromas.Looking at other reviews, it appears China Xiang boasts a mean dry pot, so I will have to give that a try. For now, it only earns three stars from me.
Ever since being exposed to dry pot at Mala Project a few months ago, it's been a bit of an obsession for me, and I'm happy to say legit and delicious dry pot has finally come to midtown. First the most important thing is the food, which is fantastic. Great vegetable items like enoki mushroom and napa cabbage that really provide the base for the pot, and add to that delicious meats that are overpacked with flavor. The roast pork, for example, almost tasted like campfire smoke, in the best possible way. And if that weren't enough, the service is SUPER fast and efficient, and friendly too. One guy, I think he's the floor manager (looks like an HK movie actor) is especially great, making passes up and down the restaurant to make sure everybody has what they need and never needs to wait. This place is great. With time I am sure it will become an institution.  We can't wait to come back.
Absolutely the best Chinese food my husband and I have ever had. Amazing. Nothing wrong at all with the food. Every time my husband and I visit NYC, this will be our go too. Their machine doesn't take tip, must tip in cash.
Had a really good meal with decent service. They were a bit rush-y cause we were coming close to their closing time. Pretty understandable.I enjoyed the pigs feet more than I thought I would. We had the malaxiangguo (dry spicy hot pot). I thought the price was awesome for a sit down restaurant on 42nd St. You get 10% off for paying in cash and you are not obligated to pay tax! Definitely a pleasant change.
Don't go here if you are unfamiliar with authentic Hunan Chinese food. Just sayin....was a horrible experience. We asked our waiter for suggestions. He couldn't have looked more annoyed at the question. Insulted us with our request for boneless chicken ("Oh, American style"  accompanied by eye roll). The Hunan noodles were so spicy they were inedible and I like spicy food. Husband had the cauliflower and pork. Disgusting, I think the pork may have been tripe. Daughter had the orange chicken - better in the mall. The dim sum was very good, however. May not be the right choice unless you're Chinese or are literate in cuisine.  The place is very busy so very possible we are in the minority with this review.
I really like this restaurant. Most dishes weren't as spicy as it traditionally should have been, but still pretty good. My fav dishes were the beef with Asian spicy green chilis and the stir-fried farm house pork. My least fav would have to be the chicken with roasted chili and peanuts - it was way too bland and Americanized. The prices are slightly high and the portions very small for the price but they don't accept tips, so I guess that all evens out in the end.  Service and décor were great!  I would definitely return to try other dishesMENU (shared by 8 ppl):Shredded beef w/asian spicy green chili - 5 stars!Chicken w/roasted chili  Peanuts - 1 star (bland and too Americanized)Stir-fried Farm House Pork - 5 stars!Fish fillet w/fresh green chili  scallions - 4 stars (would have been much better if it were spicy)Mapo tofu w/minced beef - 4 stars (again, better if spicier)Sauteed string beans w/pork belly - 4 starsStir-fried Lotus Root - 3 stars (a little bland for my taste but still good)Sauteed rice cake with pork and vegs. - 3 stars (just ok)
This has become our favorite delivery spot. Mapo tofu is our favorite. Other items of choice include the scallion pancakes, the pork belly, and dan dan noodles. Thanks for being delicious and close by!
We stopped in for dinner after a show -- around 10 on a Sunday night. Dumplings were excellent -- handmade and delicious.Portions were on the smaller side, really more akin to lunch portions in my wife's and my opinions, and a bit pricey for the size. However, the three we had were very, very good. We had Orange Chicken and Beef with Broccoli... and then ordered a General Tso's Chicken, as we were still hungry.The only misfire was the bland and gummy hot and sour soup. Inedible.Service was quick and unassuming, and they don't allow for tips.  Huh???? Have you ever heard of such a practice in a full-service restaurant?
My absolutely favorite Sichuan restaurant in the city--even more than Cafe China (the only Michelin-star Chinese restaurant in the city). You know China Xiang is legit because no one here speaks English and there are even old Beijing Business men here on business dinners (wreaking of cigarettes). All the diners are Chinese and speak in Chinese. I was here when it used to be Sichuan Palace. Not sure why that didn't succeed (it was amazing as well) but they've renamed themselves. The dishes here are not only really authentic but very, very, very food. I highly recommend the spicy tilapia soup, the chongqing style fried chicken, the braised and pork feet. I've been saying it forever but I'm returning soon for hot pot. Don't be fooled this local Chinese spot is packed--a testament to how good it is. There's not really a better time to go since Chinese people eat early AND late. Just wait your turn and enjoy the best Sichuan food NYC has to offer. Service is actually very kind (and fair) here too!
Being in the touristy part of Midtown is always a gamble in choosing a restaurant. Sometimes it's hard to tell if a place will actually be good, or if it's a tourist trap. This is most definately the former, and has worked its way into my solid rotation of places to eat when I stay in the area. Oh and bonus points, they're on Yelp delivery or Uber eats and are open quite late!Food here is extremely solid and on par with the quality you'd get down on Canal. Soup dumplings are very juicy meaty, and flavorful. Not the absolute best or most "authentic" but more than passable. The pan fried dumplings are on par as well, not too crispy at all and the taste is very succulent as well. An interesting texture actually, as the outside is crispy, yet not too firm or overly fried, really good balance. I will say I wasn't a huge fan of the dumplings dipped in chili oil. It was a bit much and a little salty, something I wouldn't get again for sure. Noodles and rice are generous portions as well, I've gotten the flat noodles and pan fried noodles which are fresh and well made. I especially like the flat noodle, though it can be a little oily...then again that's what makes it sooo good. Oh and the vegtable egg rolls are a good item to share too, good compliment to the dumplings and entree, and a great way to fool yourself into thinking you're being healthy.All in all, if you're in the area it's easily one of the two best traditional chinese places to go to, at a reasonable price to boot. Plus, while it is in Midtown, it's not too touristy and is plenty of avenues down from Time Square. If you like good Dim Sum definitely give this place a try.
2nd time going there, feeling the taste there becomes even better, especially the Hunan Rice noodle! A pretty authoritative hunan restaurant!
Great quality food with rich flavors. Lunch Special menu items are nicely priced when considering portions and quality. After much hype and excitement, I ordered the Ma Po Tofu from the lunch menu for take out. Absolutely delicious and good portion. Why not 5 stars? Admittedly, I simply didn't feel a very welcoming vibe the few times I walked in (although that could just be in my head), and with this visit I was disappointed to find no minced pork as mentioned on the menu. I believe it was just an honest miscommunication error, so not too hung up about that - I simply wish they would have confirmed with me what I just ordered before ending the call. Curiously on my 2nd visit ordering the same thing, I once again did not find any bit of pork... Interesting... Besides all this, I think anyone will be satisfied with the quality of food here.
Being there few times, each time at least very good food, good services and depending on the timing? It can be very very busy! Nice decorating, you do sit tightly to others tables, just like Cantonese restaurants..
This place is amazing ! Best Chinese food I have ever tried ! The flavors were exquisite ! Def when I come back from New York , I'll be stopping by here . The staff is phenomenal, very attentive and polite ! One thing I was surprised about it's that the don't accept tips and that was a bummer because they definitely excel my expectations and deserved 20% ! Can wait to return to New York to be back at this amazing restaurant
This is the second time I come here. The taste meets my flavor, and it is similar to food in China as well. Always there are many people waiting for table. One thing that I don't like is the attitude of there waitress. Most are good but there is one that is quite impatient.
I've been wanting to try this place for weeks since Ollie's sucks and the places on West 46th are equally horrible when you suck it up and walk past the sketchy Dept of Health ratings.  This place continues the trend of Hells Kitchen Chinese restaurants charging lots of money for paltry food.  But in a more generous spirit let's just say that this restaurant continues an age old tradition that has almost been lost of bilking passers-by on the Deuce.   The first time I went in was after my workout at the nearby gym, so it was around 10:40 on a Friday night -- I barely opened the door when a guy charged at me from the back of the room screaming "Closed Closed!!!!"  Okay, I get the idea, relax a little.  Second time I went in around 10:20, thinking they close at 10:30.  Same thing -- hyper rude guy races at me waving his hands to go away, "closed closed".Tonight I figured I'd call.  It was ten o'clock, I went to pick up my food at about 10:15 -- walked in the door, and the same guy comes running at me "We're closed now, closed!!!" I've never seen any employee devote so much attention and glee to turning away paying customers.  Not so much as a "Sorry we are... " or "thank you for coming but ... ".   Anyway, cashier says "no he ordered food," and Mr. Hyperactive backed away in defeat.  Customers would be served tonight, staff be damned.So it turns out they close at 10:15!!  Yelp database needs to be changed.Got the food home.  I paid $24.95 for pork dumplings and Kung Pao Chicken.  Or should I say, for a half order of chicken -- my jaw dropped to see the small portion.  I had to take pictures or no one would believe me.  Container was not even half full, and what was there was mainly celery and sauce.  Barely any chicken.  I was so pissed off at being ripped off I picked out the chicken and measured it:  a little over half a cup -- let's be nice and call it 3/4 cup of chicken for $15.  And they are not big on giving out dipping sauce for the dumplings either -- a scant tablespoon was included.   See the pics!!When I tasted the chicken dish it was pretty much a salt fest covered over by some sort of viscous goo that had that flavor undercurrent of currents and corn syrup that airport restaurants so often think is the calling card of Chinese cuisine.  After a few forkfuls I decided I'd wait to kill my arteries with something that tasted good and the whole thing was pitched into the garbage and I made some eggs and had a glass of milk to try and get rid of the salt flavor.   I'm typing this an hour later and still doing that "tack tack tack" thing with my tongue clapping against the roof of my mouth trying to get some hydration.  This is not Kung Pao Chicken.  This is Salt Lick Chicken.Oh, and they don't serve brown rice here, only white, as I was told on the phone.   You know what else they don't have?  Me, as a repeat customer.Please see the pics!
This is a great restaurant! and when you hear that from a Chinese person it's different LOOL...Places in Manhattan are usually there to like serve tourists and rich people, not a lot know about real Chinese food and most are not authentic... but this place is authentic. The food is great, service is great, and most of all it isn't pricey at all for a place in Manhattan.
Food is not as good as expected, and service is very disappointing.  Wouldn't recommend.
I've had much better General Tso's and I asked for extra broccoli and I got 2 pieces.
Best Chinese cuisine in NYC! Delicious traditional dishes and high quality service! Worth a try!
The best HuNan food in NYC I have ever tried! Especially the tomatospicy fish fillet is soooo good and special!!! Really recommend this restaurant! BTW, they provide half dishes for take out, which is sooo sweet for someone cannot finish the whole dish like me!!!
We only ordered two items here(Beef rice noodle soup and spicy wonton). The rice noodle was way over cooked and the soup was just average. Service was also bad even by Chinese restaurants standard, we asked one of the server for the menu again after we ordered, but never got it before we were finished. Also beware that even though this is a Tip-free restaurant(I do admire that), they don't tell you that directly unless asked, or remind it on your check. Not sure this is intentional or just poor management.
Delicious and authentic. Got the beef and broccoli with an order of fried rice. Large servings. Small and cozy place. The waiters don't accept tips, this is normal in Asian culture
Excelllent Chinese Sichuan style food with great spices and flavors . A must try are their lo mein noodles and the 3 pepper chicken. Staff are wonderful and courteous. Right by Times Square and well worth visiting over and 9over again
Never order from here!!! Wait for 2 hours and they somehow used uber deliver but the driver had a wrong address. Had to cancel my order and wait for food.
The waiter is very rude. It was Tuesday night and there were no lines waiting for tables. My friend and I were chatting and the waiter handed our bill impolitely saying if you finished here is your check. I will never go back again for this kind of attitude.
Slowwwwww! we waited for more than 30 mins for the two noodle soups to come. They gave us two plates and one had stains on it:( food is ok because overloaded customers and fewer services. One dinner took us 1.5 hours! Crazy also the senior waitress was so RUDE to me when I went to the kitchen direction for restrooms because all waiters and waitresses were so busy to answer my questions. She literally pushed me away and feels like I was trying to steal something from the kitchen. The tables were so close to each other, I had to stand up so many times in order for other people to pass. Anyway bad experience. Won't come anymore.
Just opened...outstanding food! The food is authentic and very nicely prepared and presented.  The staff were very friendly and on top of their game. If I lived in New York, I would make this one of my go-to spots for Chinese.  Nicely decorated and a classy but relaxed environment. Definitely try this place out!
I am a international student from China, here's food made me missed my home so much, such a good Chinese food ever in New York!
One of the few places where I don't feel disgusting when I finished eating. Charming atmosphere with friendly staff and an extensive menu.
It was a horrible experience, don't go there. The chicken soup is something not chicken or maybe dried giblets. Or maybe some plastic. I had to send it back. Also, their service sucks, although there was a guy who was trying to help and he was apologetic but even he is not enough to save this place. It is just a disaster.
I usually dont write review. But this time im really pissed. Ive ordered delivery several times from this place. Every time, it took them one hour to deliver. My apartment is only 10 blocks away. This time, its been 1.5 hours and im still waiting. Im pretty sure the food will be cold once it gets here.
Really tasty spot I  loved everything tried the dim sum to the sticky  pork rice . Wonderful service , the owner is a real sweet heart . Great place , great food , great people what more can you ask for !
Love the lovely menu! They have really good Hunan food! Really local taste! Not too oily, and super fresh!
Very good Chinese restaurant in Manhattan! Great service! Great food! Especially the jumbo shrimp with salted egg sauce! Highly recommend!
Maybe the Chinese restaurant with best service in NYC. Rice noodle tastes good. Even they are not exactly the same as what we had in Hunan province, the food worths a try.
Food was delicious and delivered hot in spite of the nearly freezing temperatures. Not too salty and really flavorful, which is hard to find. 2 thumbs up!
Great food~~~~~~~. Very Hunan style. ~~~~~My mom loves it so much.~~~~~~ wonderful trip in New York.
the dishes are too salty and wait a long time for each dish
This place is authentic Chinese not greasy American Chinese food. If you want to taste real Chinese food come here and you will not regret it. I love the new food experience I had here!
The food quality is fine but the wait is ridiculous. It took 30 minutes for take-out, from the time I placed my order and the time I had the food in hand. You would think that I ordered Beijing roast duck or some other fancy specialty with that wait time, but nope, it was just for a lunch special item - the mabo tofu. I understand the restaurant is near Times Square and that it will obviously be busy around lunchtime on a weekday, but what made the experience most frustrating is that I saw 3 people, who all came in and ordered after me, get their food first. One guy who came in after me even had time to sit down, wait for his friend, decide with his friend what to order for several minutes, order, and still get his food before me. I inquired about the status at the 20-minute mark and was told it'd be another "few minutes," which I suspect meant that they had just started making it. Overall, it was 45 minutes before I was able to chow down (15 min walking + 30 minute wait). If you have a limited lunch break like I do, definitely order far in advance if you actually want to have enough time to eat your food.
We had dinner on Saturday night before going to a show.  They do not take reservations; however, we were seated immediately.  The food was delivered quickly and was tasty.  The waiter was friendly and spoke English, which was apparently an issue for some others on Yelp.    I would definitely return when next in the area.
Had really great experience in this restaurant. We ordered brine rice noodle and jumbo shrimp in saluted egg source. Impressive! The shrimp smells so good and the spicy taste just so right! So recommend.
This place is so good. I recommend the fried dumplings and the noodles. The noodles-I got lo mein- are so good. Staff was very friendly. Cozy atmosphere but at the same time feels spacious, we had a large party and we were very comfortable.   The only thing is that they don't make it too spicy, if you like spice, just ask them to turn up the heat. Will return.
Sunday 5/1/2016. We came over friends birthday partly for dinner in Manhattan. The delivery guy from this restaurant is very polite. Yesterday, we ordered food from this restaurant but it was late over 45 mins. I was angry and upset just only gave him $3 as tips. However, the delivery guy didn't complain for the tips and APOLOGIZED to me. When I was back to our place and touched the bag, I could feel the food was still hot. Obversely, the delay was happened because the restaurant kitchen was busy. What a nice guy he is! BTW, Braised Fish Fillets tastes SO GOOD we LOVED it. Not sure why this place doesn't have 5 stars. There is no doubt that China Xiang's food is the BEST chinese restaurant in NYC. Will definitely come back.
We had dinner at the restaurant a few times, and it was fine.  Decided to try delivery last night, since the restaurant is very close to the apt.  Big mistake.  The food was cold; one of the entrees was missing; and the barbequed duck seemed to have been prepared the day before, as it was rather withered.  The rice was good, but that was about it.  Never again
Came here Friday night with two of my friends. The food was fabulous and the service was great. Feel like back in China with American service.
Food is good. But the deliver guy is soooooo rude every single time. It makes feel awkward sometime to open the door, and struggling whether should order there again
We tried fried frog, fish head and rice noodle. They are all delicious! The food here is very authentic.
Love restaurants that belong in the heart of Chinatown but are nearby!!  Can't wait to go back!
Super good spicy fish cutlet and mi fen! Indeed the right taste and the right level of spice! Love it. Also enjoyed 10% discount and no tip policy!
Taste very good!! Good sevice!! And if you like spicy that's where you looking for!!!
The food here was ok but the service was not so great. We placed the order then waited for half an hour before we asked the waiter to check on our order. It turned out that the waiter did not put our order in at all:( I don't think I'm going back.
Very delicious, especially the purple yam dessert! Surely the best Chinese restaurant in nyc!
Place was filled with Asians - usually a good sign for good Chinese food. service was a bit erratic. Some tables of obvious regulars got a waiter, ordered, and had food very quick. Others not so. The food was fantastic. The Hot  Sour and Won Ton soups were unrivaled. The lo mein was thick udon noodles but very tasty. Crispy Orange Chicken melted in the mouth, and the house fried rice was great.
Excellent meal, service and decor.  We had the fish fillet with mixed vegetables in garlic sauce and the crispy orange chicken.  The fish was amazing and the chicken was delicious.  Great decor, clean bathroom and friendly staff.
Hanging out with my friends. The food is Okay. 肉末酸豆角 咸蛋黄土豆丝 taste good. however, the featured dishes 湖南米粉 , is kind of disappointed. overpriced. not very fresh either.
It's such a beautiful place for lunch, very authentic Hunan cuisine, the noodle soup is delicious, highly recommended!!!
Using the Eat24 app, I had China Xiang delivered right to my room at Innside by Melia Nomad on 27th between 6th  7th.  Sweet!  I know, I know.  In NY, on expense account, and this is how you spend it?  Yes, tired and football.My order========1.  Pan-fried Pork Dumplings (4.5 stars, $6.95, 6 pcs) -- you can tell, a cookie-cutter was not used, very good and very fresh.2.  Eggplant w/Minced Pork (4.0 stars, $8.95) -- Slivered eggplant was excellent, sauce good and garlicy, but light on the pork.3.  Pork Fried Rice (3.5 stars, $9.95) -- Again, light on the pork, and any seasoning.  A bit of a bore.4.  Jumbo Shrimp w/Cashew Nuts (4.0 stars, $13.95) -- delicious and interesting combo, green peas, carrots, and cashews!  This was very good, but only 5 shrimp...and they weren't jumbo at all, and for that, probably overpriced.Conclusion=========I hear it's very authentic, but it tasted like normal Chinese to me.  Perhaps, I didn't do the experience justice with delivery.  With all the rave reviews, I must go and experience China Xiang myself.
Their soups are maybe a little overpriced, but, that aside, holy crap is this restaurant great!The sour soup with tofu or whatever it was called was a delicious starter, and their crispy beef with sesame seeds was simply amazing.The service was also great. Friendly waiters. I never had to wait too long for anything in spite of the restaurant being almost full.Definitely plan on revisiting next time I'm in NYC.
The food was very delicious , the service was great... The name of the dishes here are very interesting and creative.... And the hotpot in here is so good in here is a must try...
One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in NYC. Nice noodle soup is pretty good. And steamed fish head with peppers is awesome!!! You won't get disappointed if you are spicy food lovers as me.Definitely highly recommend!!
Authentic Hunan style Chinese food. They are doing better than Hunan Bistro in terms of providing Hunan style rice noodles. The highlight is they do NOT charge tips while the price of the dishes are still around average. Although tipping is usual in US, it actually makes the customer obliged to pay for the human service while their employer should be responsible. Another thing to mention is that arrive 30 mins earlier before it closes because in the last half hour a lot of dishes are not available.
This place has great location(walkable from Time Square), however this might be the only pro.We ordered dishes to share not the noodle soups, so the comment does not apply to noodle soups.The no tipping rule did not make me as a customer happy. Since you don't give no tips, the service you get highly depends on the mood of your waiter that day. Also, to compensate the cost of this rule and probably because of the location, the price of entrees are really pricey considering the amount you get.I wouldn't be complaining the price and service if the food is to die for, however this is not the case. It's not horrible, just bland, and they did not bring out the best of Hunan flavor. Being in New York, I would expect much higher standard.After all, I would definitely recommend other Hunan places and we would not be coming back to this one.
The Dan Dan noodle is excellent !! It reminds me of those days i spend in Chengdu.
I was craving a late meal and the rice noodle soup looked perfect! This was walkable from our hotel but we were hindered by the rain. We opted for delivery and I was worried they wouldn't be able to take our order since they'd be closing in about an hour. But they delivered sooo fast. We were so impressed with their delivery time and the beef noodle soup was delicious!!!
Great food in a clean environment. Even though it was busy, everything went smoothly and we got a table as soon as we walked in. Waitstaff was extremely helpful and the kitchen was quick. Would gladly eat here again for authentic food.
Disappointing food.  Chicken and cashews was 90% celery.  Egg drop soup was bland w a few corn kernels.  Crispy sesame chicken was not crispy at all, but lots of tasty white meat chicken.  Requested wonton noodles but apparently were not available.
I usually came for lunch and dinner at China Xiang, since it's so close to my home. The food here is authentic and great.
I came here with a couple of coworkers for lunch today, and everything hit the spot!steamed loofah w/ garlic -- light, garlicky, deliciousnessbrine rice noodles w/ beef -- peanut-y, peppery, tosswontons in chili oil -- sauce-y, spicy, flavor-burstsliced fish w/ Sichuan pepper -- the perfect mainAll in all, a great find!
Best Chinese cuisine in midtown! Authentic, very tasty and clean. And the service is impeccable!
Recommend:Hot and Sour SoupVeggie DumplingsChicken with Roasted Chili PeanutsMapo Tofu (vegetarian option)Pros:The food is fantastic. It's pretty authentic, and we don't say that lightly. She was a big fan of the Mapo Tofu. I decided to be a little bland and go for the Chicken, which was still good in its own right.The staff was friendly beyond belief. I'd go back just for them. The atmosphere was nice, too.Cons:Can't really think of any!
No tipping?!?! Pretty neat! We had egg drop soup and Kung pao chicken. Food was yum! Delicious tea! On the down side they did not have any sugar substitutes! Who doesn't have sugar substitutes?! Close to Time Square and centrally located. Would probably visit agin if I was in the area, as this was my best pick of Chinese food in the area.
OMG I haven't had Chinese food this good in ages. Of course it could be that I walked my feet off today and needed the energy. We were going to order take out and was waking to the hotel.  We saw it and decided to go in. I had Crispy Orange Beef with a little extra spice. It really was the best I've had in a while. Score!!
Very inefficient waiting system. There are a lot of empty tables but they do not allow seating unless all people arrived. We are waiting for one person which takes us 20 mins to get a table. Not sure why. Completely destroyed my appetite.
Very good! Had the mung bean in chili sauce (terrific), ma po tofu (also very good), and some kind of fried chicken bits thing (not that good). Overall a very welcome authentic Chinese spot amid midtown's TGI Friday's cluster.
Pretty Good Service! Good environment! As a Hunanese, feel so happy there is a great Hunan restaurant!
Homemade traditional cuisine makes this place one of the greatest Chinese restaurants in New York. And you can tell: most of the clientele are Asian! Good luck and thanks for bringing great Szechuan cooking to 42nd Street!
Most over priced delivery. That shrimp is 21 freaking dollars (used to be 19) for 9 shrimps. You must be kidding me. And the luffah, 15 bucks for a bowl smaller than the Chinese take out rice box? This meal is 75 dollar plus a soup, plus tax and things. Are you robbing or are you serving food. This is ridiculous
ordered delivery and so disappointed with the tea smoke duck. It tasted simply like the leftover. Both me and my wife tried two pieces and gave up the rest of the dish. Think twice before order this, becasue you have no way to figure out when this was precooked, today, yesterday, or even last week...no body knows.
This is the best Hunan food I have ever had in the New York City. The food is comparable or even better than many local Hunan restaurants in China. I went there with my wife and our favorite food was the rice noodle. It was so delicious!  I will definitely recommend this place to my friend and come again. BTW, tips are not required here but their service is really good!
We were here at this place on July 15th. This was out first trip to the Big Apple and we wanted to celebrate my birthday in Times Square. I am aware that , this location has several choices but We wanted chinese. After walking around during the day, we were extremely tired by the time we got to host's house in Jersey. So, we started around 8.45 and took a subway. To our surprise, one of the lines heading to Times square was closed. We took alternative route and by the time we came to this unassuming place, it was 10.00 and this place closes at 10.30. However, the guy who took care of us seated us immediately and told us that they will be closing shortly. I told him that it was my birthday and we got delayed. He informed us that it is okay and got our order very quickly. The food was exceptional (Rice, Mapu Tofu, Chow mein) and the very reasonably priced for the location.
The first time I came here I didn't like it, but I thought it was because of the borderline, street people I went with (it was a phase). Then I went again with my Chinese friends and they hated it too... so there you go.
Very good food.  Went of recommendation of yelp.  Very authentic Chinese food.  Quality was great. Price reasonable.  Flavor awesome.  Highly recommend this place.  No tipping they say and yet service was great.
Came here expecting it to be a bit over the top touristy and was pleasantly surprised. Located near Times Square for those who may be trying to catch a quick meal before a play or see some of the sights. The staff was attentive, food was tasty, and the portions were a decent size. It was a little expensive for Chinese, but worth it given the location. The Dan Dan Noodles were well-flavored and the pork soup dumplings were also very good.
The real deal!  Hot and sour soup will bring a nice sweat to your temples.   Beef and broccoli was delicious.   Pineapple rice with chicken was also good.   Great location as well.
This place is getting popular!  Well, their food is really good. Most of the Chinese restaurants in NYC serve Americanized Chinese food,  not good.  But this restaurant serve pretty authentic Chinese (Hunan) food.  My and most of my friends' favorite are Hunan Mifen.  Also,  their staffs are very friendly and nice. I will keep coming back as long as they are here.To the owner,  please do keep the quality of your food and service!!
First, there was no meal what I wanted for. Second, there was no sake which I wanted for. Third, they are mixed my order with nearest table. Also everything is very long.
Good food, we had the kung pao chicken and yu xiang pork. The flavors were very good and meat was very tender. wonton soup was only ok though, I thought the broth was one-dimensional and the wontons were only ok. It caters to a more touristy crowd, so things aren't too spicy --- be sure to ask for extra spicy if that's what you're looking for :)Overall, tasty and I would come again. I thought the prices were a little high so it's not a great "value spot", but this is somewhat explained by the quality and location.
Great place. The sever was so funny and great . Always take my Chinese friends here. Very authentic and great flavor ..don't let the price fool you, there is no tips!!
The general tsao's chicken was very bland and the chicken itself had a boiled consistency.  Just not very good.  The trotters were good however.  Well seasoned.  If it weren't for the trotters I would've gave one star less.  Lastly, I ordered rice noodles thinking I was going to get dry noodles but it was a rice noodle soup which lacked taste.
Came back with a group of people and wound up getting some kind of food poisoning... not funDidn't eat anything else. So it had to be China Xiang.Really disappointed. Will report it to NYC health department and seeking for assistance.
Don't know how they got those good reviews.  Small portion but pricy!  Shitty food and service, will not recommend to anyone!
Try the fried jumbo shrimps with salted egg. Good service. Good food.Dishes encompass many style of Chinese cooking. Each dish has individual flavor instead of your usual brown sauce everything. And you have many many to choice from.
I found this place to be pretty bland, and not what I expected from a place with 'szechuan' on the sign outside.  I doubt the chefs are authentic.The Dan Dan noodles weren't very spicy, and weren't even made with the signature spicy red chili oil that make them so delicious.  Instead they were served in a sort of brown, gravy-esque sauce that didn't seem remotely szechuan.  Would not recommend.The Mapo Tofu was also disappointing.  It's another szechuan staple that they serve which didn't actually have much szechuan flavor to me.  The tofu was uninspiring and textureless, and the sauce was simply not very hot - barely registered to me.  Some of the other dishes seemed to be pretty americanized.Overall, would not recommend this place.  There have to be better chinese and szechuan options nearby.
I love the cold appetizers offered in this restaurant. The spicy mung bean jelly salad is delicious, and the cold cucumber salad. The service is good, and food comes out fast, definitely will be back again with friends.
With my friend's recommendation I was so exited to try out this newly decorated Chinese restaurant, but it was not good at all. The service was poor and the food here was just average.We even got one jar of ROTTEN braised chicken feet. Ewww..... Taste like the feet were left decades ago. The other six dishes we ordered were OK. The Sautéed sour string beans with minced pork was TASTY, and the rice noodle was ok. The most unacceptable thing was the service here. We waited for almost 40 minutes for our ROTTEN chicken feet when we finished the other six dishes. What's more, when we asked manager to took back the dish, the manager told us the restaurant always served people with fresh food and she was the one saw the chef marinated fresh chicken feet. OMG, really?! She gave us a new one but the feet just taste the same. Disappointed!Even though we got some discount for the bill, I don't recommend this restaurant.
After purchasing a Yelp deal for Fuji Sushi, I arrived at the address to find that Fuji Sushi no longer existed. In its place was China Xiang, where the waiters did not speak enough English to explain that the Yelp deal was still valid even though the name and cuisine of the restaurant no longer matched up. So anyway, I was still able to use the deal, so if any of you want to buy the Fuji Sushi deal, be informed that it works here. You just may have to struggle through some translation issues.Now to the food itself - they stipulate that there is no tipping hence very high prices. The presentation of the food is very nice for a Chinese restaurant, and it is quite tasty. However, I still don't think that the price would be worth it even considering the tip factored in, hence the three stars- Especially considering Ollie's is steps away and equivalent if not better in taste.
Went to this place because read some article that they offer traditional Hunan rice noodle. So we tried two rice noodle dish. One person in my group whose hometown is Hunan says the taste was okay but it's not authentic. Also ordered sticky with pork ribs as it seems popular. The pork ribs were tasteless and there were only few pieces hidden under the rice. Japanese bonito flakes doesn't go well with sticky rice - do not recommend.
Looked good going in...busy place, lots of Asian people dining, meals in view as we were seated were generous, colorful, nicely plated. Ordered "Chef's Special" Smoked Duck..$25. Was tasty but whatever it costs for the duck breast meat, I would have paid because what my husband  I got was a bunch of rib bones, legs, various ball-joints, not a full slice of duck meat to be had. It was a choking hazard; Heimlich waiting to happen. Gnawed around bone shards, and wish I had the nerve to whip my phone out to photograph the pile of detritus that we piled up.The other dish we ordered was lamb...$19. Again, tasty and HOT though the menu showed only a single chili  pepper (where the max was ). I love spicy but my poor husband was actually tearing up because of the heat-spice factor. The lamb was tender  delicious but a small portion. Way too much almost raw onion underneath made the dish look more full.Wouldn't recommend even though the food taste was positive because I wouldn't go back. Not good value.
We were looking for a place that had Dan Dan noodles... and we came across this restaurant. The food was amazing, and very tasty! I recommend the orange chicken, dan dan noodles and Won ton soup. We came in and they sat us quickly, placed our order and came out with in 5 min. The waiters were extremely polite and very attentive. Great atmosphere as well.
This is by far the closest you can get to being in China. The flavor and taste is the real thing. I lived in H.K. and traveled through different places in China. I am spoiled and don't eat(American Chinese food). So when I went here it was worth it to wait for the fresh fishhead.They have a fried king mushroon dish you won't find many places. The woodear mushroom and yam and  shredded potato with vinegar are so tasty! They have this Hunan smoked pork you must try. The soups are also great. I will go back again and again. So easy to get to also.
Summary: Do not come here for lunch if you don't have a lot of time. 1 person eating here: allocating 1 hr is good. For 2 or more people, allocate 1 hr 45 mins - 2hrs. Don't bother coming here without a Chinese friend who can speak fluently, you'll need him/her to constantly ask where the food is. Beef rice noodle soup in their Specials page (on a seperate laminated page) is good. Food here averages $12, $8-10 (without tip) being the norm for a sit down lunch in midtown.Story time: I've been here twice and have had bad times regarding service. The first time, my native Chinese speaking friend spoke for me and ordered a beef rice noodle soup. My friend received her food after 15 mins, while I waited 20 mins more... for a total of waiting 35 mins, with my friend finishing her food, and my food STILL didn't come out until we asked for the bill. And then a random beef stir fry with chilies came out as my order. What in the whats?! Anyways they took it off our bill after my lovely Chinese friend spoke to them, I left the resturant hungry  justifiably upset. Rage ate a banana at work. Clearly I was not meant to cheat on my diet on my cheat day.The second time, I was in a party of 3. Again, Chinese friend got her food first. Then my 2nd friend after 10 minutes. Then me, after 15 minutes for a total of 35 minute wait. There really is nothing more torturous than waiting for your food when your friends are chowing down on their lunch. Anyways. Their beef rice noodle soup is very good, slightly spicy, but overpriced at $12.95 since customers don't tip. I'd rather go to a Thai place and get pad thai with a side salad for $9 and tip because this place sure doesn't deserve it. I'm not sure if it is the waiters fault actually.. perhaps the cooks are overworked? Either way some personnel changes  additions are highly necessary for the service to stay streamlined. I am optimistic and will go for a third try as I trust that these are just "growing pains".... I hope!! That beef rice noodle soup was pretty good.
A new favorite for me. Got back into town late Sunday night and didn't wanna deal. I walked in and it had the perfect amount of people. Not too small that it creeps you out and leaves you wondering why nobody's in a fully operational restaurant, yet not too crowded that noise and bodies drives you out of the place. I'm not necessarily a cheap person, but there's no tipping at this restaurant, per a sign on the window out front. I'm not against tipping but what a nice little touch. Servers do a little team effort type thing and were very pleasant. Food is excellent and I love that part of town. I live far but will definitely be going back. How do you say 5 stars in Chinese?
Food quality is good. But the delivery guy very rude, I prepared tips for delivery in cash, but I didn't get my food first this guy ask for delivery fee in advance. Unbelievable!!! Yelp website says it's free! Btw, I wanna pay any price for delivery, but not free then ask for cash. I would like pay tips for delivery guy also, but not for that rude attitude! What a GRUMPY FACE! I feel like I was ROBBED! Never use this shop's delivery service again!!!
At the big Apple of NY city, most of the diners like to look on Yelp to find the best rated cuisine to dine in because the rating indicated a restaurant food quality  services.It also becomes a catering culture here. As a foodie myself, I have my own favorite restaurant here at Times Squares 42nd street which is China Xiang. I loved this place because I am Hunanese , they specialize Hunan spicy foods. I came here as usual with some friends tonight for dinner. When we walked in the restaurant, it was pretty busy but one of the wait staff came up to us and bought us to a table after we were only waited for 10 minutes. As we waited for our foods that we ordered, we noticed the wait staffs here were very friendly, got a sense of humor  respectfully. We also noticed this place hosted a lot of tourists from different countries, most of them from China. Some Chinese guests just chat when they finished eating do not want to check out even the place was busy, but some foreign guest asked for bills move is in stark contrast.This reminded me a lot of the evaluation of network news for Chinese tourists, let me deeply touched,also let me instantly understand the service first class restaurant on a bad review the cause of the complaint Anyway, we all have a happy ending  enjoyed our dinner.As a result of tonight's dinner, to my opinion,some of the bad reviews shouldn't be posted against this restaurant. And I hope that people will not be deceived by some lies and miss the food around them．
Very mediocre. Spring rolls lacked filling, seaweed salad was gross (shouldn't have ordered this here to begin with but oh well), hot and sour soup was ok- I enjoyed the spice but again, nothing special. All in all- I've had better.
Came in because the reviews were great but when I arrived I was assigned to a server and he was really rude. I understand there is a language barrier but it doesn't mean you have to be a fucken asshole and give attitude to your customers. Yeah they may be 2016 best rating of restaurant but I felt a really bad vibe with the server that was assigned to our table.
It seems that :: at first :: they're trying to serve authentic food from Hunan (and other provinces) but even though most of my experience has been with Sichuan food, I swear real Hunan food should be spicier. I tried ordering their hottest dish and it wasn't spicy at all! When I eventually asked for it to be re-served to me with more spices I got something that was vaguely spicy. Their food has an aesthetic that aims more for sophisticated than homecooked but it is not apparent that their chefs put love (the all important ingredient) into their food, which is evident. The manager/owner even tried to come up to me to assert I was being unreasonable with the spice, but seeing the other reviews on here I must concur: the food is too bland, too unspicy, too much catered to the wypipo, losing the essence of its identity and tradition in the process.
The Kung Pao chicken is of great flavor, and tenderness, one of the best I have tasted so far in the area (that is, Hell's kitchen). Also authentic is the flavor of the tofu.
I don't understand why it has 4 stars in the rating. The chicken soup is more than nasty......usually I don't give negative reviews, but this restaurant is way too far
please be aware that even though food is good and they claim to be "FREE DELIVERY" on eat24, the driver was asking for tip constantly. When I said, "it's said all prices include tips, so there should be no extra tipping", the driver was rude and said you need to tip me for driving. when I again confronted him that it is claimed to be "free delivery" on eat24, he insisted that I NEED to tip him for driving or seemed if not, he will not leave. will def not order delivery again.
I lived near by the restaurant and saw this place always packed with Chinese. Saw the reviews but still not sure, ordered the spicy wok one night (with seafood, beef and mixed vegetables in a dry wok) the rest is history. The food is complex and flavorful; it's Szechwan food, so it's oily and spicy.  Seldom give a 5 to restaurants, only a handful in New York City and they deserve one. I only ordered takeout though, for more then 20 times and Gary knows to add extra spicy for everything for me; and the food was never disappointed. My favorite dish is the spicy prawns, mapo tofu, mixed fried rice (add spicy) and the mixed dried wok. I will go there again and again to try different dishes!
This was some of the best Chinese food I've ever had!  Not only did it have a great atmosphere  service, the food was delicious  out quick!  The other thing that impressed me was that they told my husband he couldn't tip even after he insisted!  That right there is what I call amazing customer service!  I totally appreciate that!  I highly recommend!
Meh - I was really looking forward to a lo mein dish and was miffed by the "chef's substitution".  Pot stickers were ok.  The hot and sour soup was neither.  Three stars = screw up on two of three dishes.  Service was fine and the take away was nicely packed (i.e. Three stars instead of two).  Won't eat here again.  I did note that the restaurant servings looks good.  Give it a try - might just be a crap shoot on Sunday evenings.  The hot and sour soup was really a disappointment - I mean - come on!!
Run-of-the-mill crap they didn't listen to my instructions they didn't give me brown rice I didn't want plasticware they gave me plasticware I will not order from them again
Was recommended by a friend, recently I've been into eating spicy cold appetizers, I had the spicy sliced pork with garlic sauce at a different restaurant before and the flavor stuck with me! So good, so I decided to give the same dish a shot here! I'm so glad I did! Just as awesome even though presentation is somewhat different! Will definitely remember to take pics next time! Definitely coming back here for my spicy cravings! Spicy diced chicken! Another one of my favorite! Just the perfect seasoning and crunch. The last time I had this was when I was in flushing! Haven't had this dish for the longest!
China Xiang is hands down my favorite Chinese place in NYC. They specialize in very authentic Hunan food, which is very hard to get even in Manhattan. Strongly recommend the rice noodles, and the fish dishes. You won't regret!
My roommate and I have been curious about this place ever since moving into Hell's Kitchen - such a shabby exterior but always so, so packed.Our opinion changed completely after we decided to give it a try. Stepping into the restaurant, we were met with a beautiful + clear interior design. It was PACKED - tons of big groups + small groups enjoying asian food and wine/beer.We ordered the General Tso Chicken + cucumber (starter). Also had wine!The food tasted really, really good. Overall, the prices are definitely a tad bit high (but considering it is Hell's Kitchen/Times Square, I guess that's what you get). But definitely SO different than what we expected, just judging it by the look of the restaurant from the street!Really want to try other dishes on the menu - namely the Kung Pao Chicken and Sesame Chicken dishes.
This is an awesome place if you're looking for traditional/ authentic Chinese food. The service is awesome and the food is always good.
Went here yesterday. Friendly staff, great food, good selection and at a fair price. Would definitely come here again.
Great food! This place doesn't accept tips. No stress! Recently renovated - good environment
They have fast service and great prices, especially for lunch, and I really want to like this place since it's so close to me; however, the food quality was really subpar.I got the broccoli beef, and the entire thing is just drenched in liquid, which was definitely not a pleasant experience. Another time, I ordered the kung pao chicken, and it was really just chopped vegetables with minimal meat. The hot and sour soup it came with had a funky taste to it, almost as if it's been sitting for too long. Unfortunately, I won't be returning to this place.My search for Americanized Chinese food in this neighborhood continues!
This place is so yummy!!!! The food is so good and taste so much like the food our home town favorite place makes but even better!
Bangin! The spirit of Hunan permeates while tourists clamor for sweet and sour chicken. Eat the pork! Dumplings were great.
Not too bad at all.. was quiet busy while we were there but the dishes came out rather prompt.. so kudos the chef!!!
Really cool restaurant. Amazing Chinese food. The best local Chinese food around !! Gotta try ;). We ordered 干煸四季豆， 烧烤鸡胗， 小炒肉. All amazing :)
Great food, five-star service ever!! My go-to place for authentic Chinese cuisine. Jeff is the best!
This place is awful. The worst service and they delete 1 star yelp review from my friend! Be aware of this restaurant. Waitress is rude and the manager is not helping customers! My friend dined there and haven't finish their food and the manager ask them to leave!! And they already paid for the food! I would give 0 star if I could. Portion is small!!
Terrible restaurant. Ordered the steamed lobster and rice. The lobster tail is not even nicely cooked. It's just a frozen cheap supermarket level lobster tail with no seasoning at all. Also tried the chopped pepper steamed fish head. It was just a mediocre level.Used to be here a couple times but today I got the worst service ever. No one refills water for you. No one get you bills lol. Will never come again.
Yummy mai fun noodles..the noodles are very soft and flavorful. I also like the fact that they do small/large portions with the dishes. Great way for individual/family style dining!
I am working at 43rd st and I stop at China Xiang for lunch at least once per week. This is a really good place. No tip for lunch or dinner and you can see the waiter are super nice to you(even better than those restaurants with tips). Also the have a fair price for each dish, I don't know how they can make so nice service. Additionally, the food are very traditional. I have been to many Hunan (Xiang) restaurants, but this one I can say is the best one. Also they do good on sishuan food. Overall I suggest this place to all of u
Great Chinese food! We were visiting from California and we were able to find it easily, great family style plates, fair prices, and very cool location. Our family really enjoyed the wonton soup. Absolutely delicious! Highly recommend. Parties greater than 5 may be difficult, but they are super helpful to try and put something together.
Definitely one of the better Chinese restaurants in Manhattan. If you're looking for Americanized Chinese food, look elsewhere. If you're looking for traditional Chinese food like how your Chinese grandma made it, also look elsewhere.Many of the dishes here are in a contemporary style. For those of you who aren't familiar, it's like Contemporary (or New) American cuisine, which puts a different spin on traditional dishes.So back to my review, I came to this restaurant 3 times now, and once for delivery. Most of the dishes I ordered are very good, better than many dishes at other Chinese restaurants in Manhattan. A few were strange and I won't be ordering them again. But overall, most of the food has been very good and I would definitely come back again.Service, on the other hand, is terrible. But being Chinese, I don't expect much from Chinese restaurants in terms of service so it doesn't bother me too much.
I ordered for delivery based on the shining reviews, because in this day in age, if you didn't let strangers convince you what to have for dinner, did you even eat dinner? The answer is no.Needless to say based on the 2 stars, I was really disappointed.I don't know what I ate, but I know it wasn't the Kung Pao Chicken that I thought I was ordering. And let me add a disclaimer to that, I only know kung pao chicken by my American standards, however anywhere that I get it, it always contains the following:Diced chicken Chili peppersPeanutsScallions My smiling faceBam. Kung pao chicken. What I got, in addition to the ingredients listed above minus the chili peppers, scallions, and my smiling face, had celery, carrots, water chestnuts, and sliced red bell pepper. What? I was confused. It tasted okay, but I was definitely confused. Maybe there's another region of Asia that makes it this way, and therefore they are correct, but I don't want to eat in that region. I want to eat the dish that makes me want to cry because it's so spicy due to all the chili peppers. I want to eat the dish that has so many peanuts in it, I think I'm on an airplane.Okay, that's a bit extreme, but you catch my drift. It wasn't Kung Pao Chicken. Plain and simple. It tasted more equivalent to a prepackaged bag of stir fry chicken that you'd find at the grocery store, with a bag of Birds Eye frozen vegetables mixed in. Dare I say it even tasted a little... sweet?I also got an order of scallion pancakes that tasted like straight phyllo dough. It was just... I have no words.Silly American with no authentic Asian experience aside, I have had my fair share of take out around the city, and this was just a mess.I'm giving two stars because whatever that experiment of a chicken dish was, it was still edible. And also because the delivery guy was really nice.Deuces.
Really cool restaurant! The environment is good, food is delicious. We ordered 农家小炒肉，it was just the right taste as it is in China. This is the best meal I had in New York！
Food is not authentic, greasy and fully hot pepper for all peppers and all similar tasting. As a Chinese I don't recommend this restaurant for people. Waiters are rude , cashier also has attitude as well. Bad experience.
This place is pretty good. They have a wide variety of Chinese food with a particular focus on Sichuan spicy food.
Good stuff, seemed authentic too. I had the dan dan spicy peanut chili noodles which are usually cold but warm here and were super tasty and had some heat, the fried spring rolls which were fine and then finished with the hot soup dim sum dumplings which were worth the wait. Good service also.
I dont usually write review, but I have to this time. I ate at China Xiang yesterday, the food was not bad but immediately after I ate there. My credit card started having a billion fraudulent transactions. How do I know its them? Because one of my other friend also ate there before and had this happened. Also, I only used my card at two place yesterday, China Xiang and nike.com. Which one is more likely to steal my information? A sketchy Chinese restaurant or a Fortune 500 company? You can be the one to decide. In the mean time, I am definitely not going back there. Although it might just be an employee, but the restaurant should be penalized for such a poor management.
We 4 people went here two weeks ago. The food quality is pretty good especially the fried pickled beans with minced meat. I also like their appetizers such as saliva chicken. The only thing that is not quite satisfying is the space between tables are too small. There are simply too many people waiting for getting seated in a weekend night!
Nice surprise to find authentic Hunan food so close to Times Square. Staff was charming despite the no tipping policy.
Horrible customer service. I clearly told the servant not to put eggs in my food because I utterly hate them . He gave me a plate of food with eggs ! I told him I didn't want that and he went in the back and removed the eggs and did not give me a new plate ! Not only that he gave me a smaller portion. Later I noticed some left over eggs. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE THE SERVANT RUSHED ME AND MESSED UP MY ORDER TWICE. Never coming back never ever. Horrible
This restaurant disappoint me so much. Never went after that time when we ordered and the gave us the wrong dish and refuse to change for us. Over priced with not authentic food. No good.
As an avid lover of Chinese food I can definitively say this is an outstanding hidden gem! Everything we got was incredible - like waaaay better than our high anticipation - and the staff we interacted with were genuine. Really a great overall experience, expansive menu, authentic and fresh flavours. Gonna break open the leftovers right now!!
Very delicious! Ordered from the yelp app so we didn't have to get out. Was super easy and really fast. Ordered the broccoli beef, beef lo mein, house fried rice and the beef fried rice. All were very good!!!! Would order again or recommend.
This place is SO LEGIT. First of all, I have to say that the no tipping thing is the best thing to happen to the hospitality industry and all other restaurants should follow suit. Second, this place offers really authentic Hunan cuisine. Third, the service (table  delivery) is ALWAYS on point. You really can't go wrong here. The prices are a bit higher than conventional Chinese restaurants, but it isn't a surprise since they don't ask you to tip the waitstaff. Their menu is huge and has appropriate dishes for everyone's preference and circumstance. For example, when I am starving, I order a ton of protein dishes. Today, I am home sick, so I ordered a spicy soup. Whether you're an adventurer who likes pigs ears and tripe, or just want something simple like chicken, they'll have something for you. When my dad comes to visit me from Beijing, I'm going to take him here.
Fantastic spot for Chinese in midtown.  Menu is huge and covers all styles of Chinese cooking.  Food and service were exceptional.  They don't allow tips, but hopefully the staff is well compensated.  We were the only non-Asian customers is the crowded restaurant, which was a good sign that this was the real deal.  Will definitely eat here again next time I'm in NYC.
My Chinese husband said it's very authentic Szechuan food. He enjoyed very much. No tipping here!
Came here for the first time. Food and services were amazing. The food is very authentic and delicious. Staff were very attentive and helpful. Definitely will return.
The food is a very solid 4 stars, I have eaten here several times already and I love the rice noodles - authentic spicy comfort food. What made this place stand out for me was the service. They do not use the tip system, but I suspect the staff is paid reasonably well because they are attentive and courteous. I witnessed them being incredibly kind to a patron (who looked like he had some kind of developmental disorder and dressed the part) who dropped food all over the table, even the floor. When I ordered extra spice for my dish, they would also check on if I was happy with the adjusted level. It's really great to see a Chinese restaurant with such a nice waiting staff. I hope they keep it up! :)
Order delivery to my hotel, sesame seed chicken and chicken lo mein. The chicken in the lo mein is non existent it's not even a strip it's small pieces. The sesame chicken is okay however. The delivery man made sure to remind me that I did not leave a tip but there is no soy sauce nor duck sauce in my bag. I am highly disappointed.!
Great Authentic Food. All times favorite in the middletown.
Highly recommended! I have been looking for a real authentic Hunan restaurant for Hunan rice noodles and Hunan dishes for months and finally I was able to find this place! The rice noodles were soooooooo delicious and I felt like I was home. I will definitely try this place again.
Walked by this place and what a pleasant surprise!! Had the rice noodle with sour string beans. It is quite authentic. My girlfriend loved it and is still eating when I finished and is writing review with all the excitement. Will come again!
They should get zeros stars for the waiter's racist behavior. 5 of us women of color went in for lunch and requested to sit in the back at a round table because we did not want to sit by the door because it was cold outside and every time the door opened, we would get hit with the cold air. We were told no because the table was for 8 people but the same table in front of that table  had 5 people of their own ethnicity. The same amount of people we had, therefore we walked out and felt very offended. We refuse to patronize people of racist qualities.
Very good food. It's not big portion as it's near Time Square. But it's really good food. The decoration is nice too. I recommend this place.
Great Shang Hai restaurant in the theatre district. We had the pork soup dumplings, beef flank noodle soup, and chicken with spinach. I've had soup dumplings that had more soup in them, but the dumplings were very tasty and the other dishes were also very good.
Best Chinese food I have had in a long time! The Beef Lo Mein was exquisite!  Flavor and texture were on point, al dente and savory. And they sure did not skimp on the meat in the house fried rice.  Lots of beef, shrimp, and chicken...almost no rice! One interesting note, there is no tipping.  There's even a sign on the door.  But that doesn't mean the service was subpar in the least.  Excellent food, wonderful service, lovely ambiance. We are definitely coming back!
For someone born and raised in Hunan, this is really authentic Hunan food. The rice noodles are definitely awesome, best I've ever had in NYC. It's also not expensive at all and tip-waived. If you like spicy Chinese food, since Hunan food is one of the best spicy cuisines in China and this is one of the best places for it, you should definitely check it out. Do reserve or come early though since the line is kind of long -- but it's worth the wait!
This place is right across the street to my apartment, I had sour and spicy tomato fish dine in before and it was alright. So when I again craved spicy Chinese last night, I got my dinner delivered from them.The only reason I didn't give them a one star is that I remembered that one server(middle age white American woman, which is rare at Chinese restaurants) there was really friendly.This time I ordered string bean noodle, braised pig feet and pickled cabbage. The noodle was okay. Maybe because I'm not a big fan of soft rice noodle and the paste was bland. However the beef broth was tasty. The spicy pig feet tasted just wired. I think it was because of the mushroom, more likely to be canned mushroom,  in the dish. Just imagine the flavor of preservatives in canned mushroom, ewww. The pickled cabbage was INEDIBLE! I don't even know how to describe it, feel like just raw cabbage rubbed with salt.
Ordered there twice... both times were disappointing. You can eat their food, but it's no delight.
The food is legit Chinese Hunan style with reasonable price, and costumers do not need to tip.
Foods are very tasty and also in very good portions. Some of the dish is also very creative. We really liked the shredded potato with slated egg. Service was also very courteous. Would recommend for group dinner and who wants authentic Chinese cuisine.
Talking about eating authentic Chinese food at the midtown district of New York Manhattan.This restaurant (China Xiang)really gave me a deep impression, this place has the most delicious whole or fish head chopped up chilly sauce. In the mean time, the servers here are very attentive, funny  most importantly, they are professionalism. I don't write reviews often but when I write, I alway tell the truth not like other people they lied about their stories.So this restaurant should deserves a five stars rating.
The new Beer duck is very good and the place is very clear the waiter is nice I have a good time with them
very authentic Hunan food. Everything that we tried is so good! will definitely come back.
I have been here several time. Always have good food from rice noodles to main dish. I really like the spicy fish filet and jumbo shrimp with salted egg sauce. The boyfriend's dish - okra is amazing too! Best okra I have ever had - juicy and flavorful.
Rice noodle is really good! It's a little spicy but very authentic Hunan style. Would definitely recommend to friends!
Obviously this is a very popular spot. We had to wait for a table but it was served up immediately. We were often neglected and had to reach over people to except our food when our wait staff would bring it since our table was in the corner. It came out at different times so that was a little strange. Although the food is very authentic and tasty and our experience was not the greatest I would still go back and give it another try. I hate to think this is cultural since we are not Chinese but I was sensitive to the fact that the table right next to us came in 10 minutes after us received their appetizer before we even had a chance to order.
Food was good, pretty authentic, close to Times Square and Port Authority. They accept credit cards!
Went at 10 pm after a show. Service is terrible. Dumplings are terrible. The fish in spicy miso soup is AMAZING!!!!! Best fish I've had anywhere. Won't be back.
I never write yelp reviews unless it is terrible but in this case, the food and service were incredible! Came with my parents and it was white glove service from the moment we walked in.  The food was delicious and came super fast! This place deserves 10 stars! What a gem in a sub par part of town! The service was fantastic despite the sign that read no tipping needed; now that's a business model I can get behind!!!Will be coming back for sure!
Dishes here is very ver nice and it would like to count it as my favorite resteraunt. However, the server shows a bad manner. Again, the attitude is worst!!! So, I would like to choose good manner rather than good dishes.
One of the best Chinese food restaurants in the neighborhood. Very authentic with great selections on the menu!
Red braised pork is very good hot and sour soup is the best I love it I will go back eat again and again
Worst manger.  Terrible and impolite attitude for the delivery, although the food is good. But the manager is really bad!!!!!!!
Great spicy beef with green chili! We loved the scallion pancakes and the pork dumplings.
Have been here 10 times since I started traveling to NY every week from Sep. Great pig feet, fish and beans!! I thought I could only have such authentic Chinese in flushing. This place is definitely one of the best in midtown with Zest Szechuan and Szechuan Gourmet. Five stars!
Very authentic Chinese dish! The service is great! I love their special rice noodle. One of the best Chinese restraint in the city.
Food is delicious and seems authentic to me. This place is down the street from many theaters and we went after seeing a play. We had the soup dumplings, dan dan noodles, and sour green beans with tofu sheets and pork. I also liked the no tipping policy. Prices are a bit on the high side but reasonable given the high rents they must be paying to be on 42nd st.
The food was excellent! We walked past many other Chinese restaurants to get to this top rated spot. We were not disappointed. We ordered and our food was at the table in minutes. It's a no nonsense kind of place you should know. You eat, you leave. Just after serving us our food they wanted us to pay the bill. It wasn't just us either, that's how they run the place. It was kind of funny to us, other patrons were offended. Fantastic Chinese food.
Im here today 09/29/16 They over charge not enough food. 2 pieces of broocoli w seaseme shrimp very small for 24.00 dollars. Taste good but i still felt hungry and not worth it. Atleast Pf chain gives u more food.
A pleasant surprise overall - perhaps the best Hunan restaurant in NYC I ever had. Great location, just steps from Times Square. Pretty authentic Hunan foods and real hot! Nice and neat environment, good service. We tried sautéed frogs with hot peppers, deep-fried spicy boned chicken, Hunan style cauliflower, stir fried skinless pork belly with leek, and sour string beans with bean curd sheets. All very good. The deep-fried chicken was more like Chongqing style, but better than many Sichuan restaurants. We loved that rice noodle soup with shredded sour string bean!
Food is pretty good. Loved the chicken dish with dried chilli. Taking off one star just because of waiter who is arrogant and shouting.
A quick and tasty option in the Times Square/42nd street area for lunch.  Chicken and peanuts entree with rice and wonton soup $10.95 with "no tipping" signage on the window.  Excellent value for the miser.
I really expected more from such a strongly reviewed restaurant.  I ordered on seamless Delivery came earlier the expected First issue I asked for no broccoli or broccoli on the side, IGNORED my request The sesame chicken is not nearly as delicious as the restaurant claims, I have had much better.  The sauce is okay, average or better.  The breading is awful
Ordered 2 hours ago. Called twice. Both times was told food was on the way. Still not here.Now they say they will not deliver this far despite placing the order through seamless and that I should come pick it up. What a joke!
Loved this place.  Delicious and they made my off the menu request perfect!  I shall return!
China Xiang is one of my favorite restaurant around this area..... The food is great and there is No Tipping needed~~~ As for starting, we ordered the PORK SOUP DUMPLINGS and CRYSTAL SHRIMP DUMPLINGS~~~ For main course we ordered the STEAMED FISH HEAD w. CHOPPED CHILES SAUCE and STEAMED LOOFAH w. GARLIC..... At the end, we ordered the FRIED PURPLE POTATO as for dessert~~~~ Everything came out nice and tasty , this would be the  restaurant that we will come back for.....
This place has the best lamb! Fantastic food right after enjoying an offbroadway play! Great food wine and beer!
Yes, it's no tipping....however, the service is horrible, the front desk is very rude, please fire the front desk girl, she is playing iphone instead of taking care customers. this is my first time and last time to get there!!!
Great place to hang out with friends and share a bunch a different things! Good price. Will go again!
The food is pretty authentic. The beef noodle soup was a bigger portion than I had in mind. There is a lot of beef, different from what I was expecting since it was a restaurant in New York. The food is a little pricey but that is because they include the tips in the menu. The place is sorta small but pretty clean. I think it is some of the best chinese food I have had in the US. Really good location too, near time square, the port.
indigenous Chinese Hunan and Sichuan food.As long as you can hold the spice, it's one of the best. Phon noodle is cheap and delicious.
This place is a gem and the real deal! We had the loofah, black mushrooms and yam, scallion pancake, and much much more! Everything tastes fresh and was all nicely seasoned and the food came out quickly from the kitchen. The staff was very attentive and helpful. This place served traditional Chinese food and that is very difficult to find. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants authentic Chinese!
Best sesame chicken I've ever had. The breeding stayed crispy till the end. Shrimp dumplings were also good.
Good Chinese food. The dining room was clean and modern. Service was good but our waiter didn't speak English very well. The general Tao chicken was good but wish it was a little more spicy. Beef lo mein was great.
Please tell me why this place has four stars? Mediocre at best, tasted like Chinese food you would get in the food court at a local mall. My chicken was soggy and the pork rice had no flavor $28 and should have cost five dollars. Nothing to write home about in the least
It is a very good Chinese restaurant. If you like special food, that will be a good place to go. Love their 酸菜鱼 so much！I like their decoration as well.
I stopped by the day after Thanksgiving,and the place was closed for defogging!! It's been closed for 4 days now.Then I noticed that they had no rating from the health dept despite the fact they they have been open for months,I wondered whats going on.Actually Ollie's down the street has a much better Singapore Chow Mai Fun
Recommend for the food, but the service is terrible. Since they have a no-tipping policy, the waiter shows no respect for customer. SLOW, arrogant and insanitary.
Excellent, reasonably-priced takeout Chinese! I eat here all the time. I love their soups, and their lo mein, which is made with wide, udon-type noodles. Their food is different from a lot of what I'm used to eating, but it has yet to be a bad thing.
Good tastes and good services in NYC. Rice noodle really delicious.Worth a try for both Chinese and Americans.
The new current owner, Nancy, renovated from "Fuji Sushi - Szechuan Palace  Sake bar" to "China Xiang". The atmosphere is better with their new decor and natural stone walls. They are still adding dishes to their current menu and are going for healthier ways to prepare them. The menu has three main styles: Hunan cuisine, Szechuan cuisine, and Cantonese style cuisine. Their top chefs graduated from culinary schools and specialize in all of these cuisines. This restaurant is definitely worth the visit if you're craving for the best AUTHENTIC Hunan, Szechuan and Cantonese style cuisine in the Theater District an outstanding dining experience in China Xiang. chinaxfood.com
The level of disrespect at this restaurant is unbelievable. Dropped the bill midway through eating, waiter spilled water on rice and didn't want to replace it. Poor customer service and very unfriendly. Food was decent - isn't all that great. Would not recommend and I will not be coming back here.
Awesome food here, very tasty and flavorful, great for spicy food but other dishes are just as good. We had some cabbage, fish, and noodles. Honestly the noodles were just ok, but we looooved the cabbage. Cabbage is naturally sweetened but it also has a savory twist, strongly recommend. The service is fine, and the restaurant has a no tipping rule.
Excellent Chinese food! The dishes looks so good and tastes even better. Must recommend  to everyone else!
I was so disappointed about this place. The service was so bad, not even bad, horrible. My friend and I were sitting there waiting for food for nearly half an hour and got nothing. And I do not understand why the food were so expensive here!! If you want to dump your girlfriend silently without saying anything hurt her, definitely bring her here for an unforgettable experience.
If you are looking for authentic Chinese food, especially Chinese Hunan food ( "Xiang Food" ), this place is a must-go place. Among many Hunan food restaurants I've ever been to , this out stands others in terms of food tastes, service and many other aspects. We tried the fish soup as appetizer which is fabulous. Definitely try the Thousand year old egg+ pepper. Pork feet is also worth trying which is beneficial to the skin as believed in China.
The rice noodle is good. The food is fine but the service is terrible. Especially the chicken feet tasted like S H I T. If you want to impress your date, don't freaking come.
Not recommended. They changed their manager couple times and redecorated. But service still same bad and slow.
Very delicious Hunan food! Recommended by a local friend. A must-try Chinese food restaurant :)
After China Xiang, there will be no other Chinese food in NYC! Unforgettable taste and you deserve it!
The flavoring is a bit awkward, feels like one of those Americanized Chinese restaurant.
Many new creative dishes came up that distinguished this restaurant from others. Nice try.
We came in for a late dinner on a short trip to NYC and loved it so much we ordered out for lunch the following day. The food on both occasions was fresh and absolutely delicious!! When we came in for dinner, we were greeted and quickly seated. Our dinner came out hot within just a few minutes of ordering. The wonton soup and crispy orange chicken was some of the best we've ever had - and that's coming from a picky eater. We also ordered the dandan noodles, and let me tell you, DELICIOUS. The servers were sweet and attentive, and the ambiance of the restaurant was chill and welcoming. Lunch was the general Tso chicken, steamed dumplings and the dandan noodles (yes, they're that awesome). The second time around did NOT disappoint! We enjoyed everything about this restaurant, from the authentic, fresh and delicious food, to the amazing staff. We made China Xiang a must stop on our future visits to the city. Definitely recommend!!
We come to this restaurant for the noodles. It's tasty. Perfect Xiang Style Chinese food. The decoration is also very good.
