Raaz rocks!!! This is a really nice place just outside Newport mall. Beats eating in the food court by far.  Had no problem getting a seat on a Sunday night. Started with an appetizer of fried cauliflower which was so good it almost convinced me I could be a vegetarian.. almost but then I had lamb vindaloo and that veggie dream went out the door!  The lamb was tender juicy and so tasty. But then I had to taste some of the misses chicken ti ke masala which was even better then my platter. I could eat a bowl of that masala sauce with a pound of naan it was that good. Portions were fair, prices were Manhattan esque for Jersey but worth it. Must say this Indian restaurant is a Jersey city gem.
Raaz has all of the traits of a finer dining establishments A surly and disinterested staff, entrees that will turn your stomach, and prices only warranted by its prime location. As one of the only Indian restaurants in downtown Jersey City, I've been dragged here a few times,  and enjoyed many a mediocre dish, ranging from the vegetable biryani to paneer makhani to the spicy reshmi kebabs. The Reshmi Kebabs really turned my stomach, and I have a stomach of steel - felt lousy for a couple of days. Despite having no desire to go back, friends visiting insisted on going for chaat and chai. We sit down, wait a good 10-15 minutes for the surly waiters to show up and acknowledge we are there (It is VERY busy with two WHOLE customers sitting inside, so I can image the staff of 7-8 is on edge - I understand). I hate chaat with a passion so opt for the blandest thing I can find - a Tandoori chicken salad. Maybe about half an hour later, they manage to serve the complex meal of chaat and chai (definitely from some budget tea bag and tasteless). I sit there, waiting around, as my friends start eating. A good 15 minutes later, someone has the kindness to come outside and check on us. We ask about the Tandoori Chicken salad, to which he replies "Oh, that item is not available, would you like to order something else?" I've seen some bad service, but it takes special attitude to not even inform me that my order wasn't available for 45 minutes. That was the end of the exchange. No attempt to offer a free entree, comp us for something else, or anything. Manager standing right outside chilling, he cared about as little as the waiter. This place does not even deserve one star, but alas, those Yelp limitations.
Comfort Indian food. I think it's a decent balance of taste, quantity, and price. The staff does take an effort.
Good cost atmosphere . Food is ok. Not the best indian food but moderately good taste. Portion are not that great though. But worth a visit. The goaan shrimp curry was nice. Price is any 25$$ per head for a plateful.
Went with 4 friends and each one of us ordered a thali.  It came with 4 vegetables, raita, rice, and naan.  The food was delicious (each one of us agreed).  I don't think I have had this delicious food in a long time.  Each item was better than the other, though palak paneer was my fav.  There was hardly any oil / grease and the food was not spicy at all.The service was a little below average, but it wasn't bad or anything.  So, don't go to this place if average service gets you off.I'd really recommend this place to anyone who likes Indian food.
Dear Raaz,I am very fond of Indian cuisine, but you my friend were slightly disappointing.  After a night of drinking and well earned hangover food, I was really excited for us to meet, but alas our first encounter with each other was not that satiating.You provided a nice outdoor seating area and a really cute spread once our food came... but in reality your unsalted, and barely spiced shrimp masala needed more than a nice spread to make up for this lacking.To top things off, your service was less than mediocre and your water was not even iced.  WTF mate.  Please be advised that I will no longer be eating at your establishment- if you ever want to meet again, you will find me at more mom n pop, hole-in-the-wall Indian restaurants.Best wishes,Monica
I lived in Newport for a couple of years and frequented Raaz a lot. The place used to be one of the best mughlai eating joints in the area. However I believe they have had a management change post which the quality of both food and service has gone down. The previous Manager, Shivee, used to manage the place with utmost courtesy and efficiency but that can hardly be said about the new person. Last time I was put on hold for 15 min for a delivery order and the guy was hardly apologetic. They used to have the best Dal Makhani I've ever had but can't say that now. Some of the dishes are still ok but personally I've switched to other indian restaurants in the area
I have been to Raaz atleat 10 times in the past 6 months. Cant complain. Food is good. Some of the dishes might taste similar but i have tried a lot of them and know what I like. .Ambiance is nice , Modern and Trendy. Buffets are sometimes ok. Could do better. Will go often as long as i am in Newport.Like the place overall. Will reccomend to everyone i know.
This place food sucks. Too bad I can't give 0 star. Iam writing as I am still waiting for naan. The buffet is totally disorganised.  The food is cold. The service is poor. To be continued
Raaz is a magical, amazing place. Disregard all the dissing in previous reviews. The food is delicious, we order take out and do the weekend buffet and they never disappoint. The service is attentive and the restaurant is charming and designed in a tasteful modern way. They are opening a new spot in NYC on 23rd and Broadway in early April and they are part of a major chain that is in India and they are over 30 restaurants all over India. Seems to be a successful chain....
I ordered 3 vegetable curries to go and they were all flavorful. This place used to be a franchise "Cafe Spice" but this new menu and change of chefs seems improved. I am not a fan of Chinese food, so I can not vouch for that side of the menu. However, I can not wait to go back for either the lunch specials or the dinner a la carte menu for sit-down. The ambiance is sorta trendy-chic and the location is great for commuters and shoppers (yards away from the PATH station and Newport Mall)
This is one of my favourite restaurant.  Really very good food. The place is very near to my resident and we visit it every week. Very friendly atmosphere. They have very delicious vegeterian dishes. If you are really a mild and creamy food lover then go for Malai kofta,dum aloo and paneer makhni. Go for garlic naan or onion kulcha with these dishes.Very nice place..I would recommend it.
I am new to the area and discovered this restaurant walking around the neighborhood. On a recent evening i decided to go have an early dinner at this place. I placed an order for a samosa chaat and an assorted tandoor for the starters. When the samosa chaat came, it was missing yoghurt in it which was clearly mentioned in the description of the dish. I made the waiter come and check it herself and she got us some yogurt on the side. I was absolutely fine with that as it's not much of a problem to mix it yourself. It tasted as expected like most of the other Indian restaurants serving this dish. Following that the assorted tandoor dish arrived with barely any of the listed assorted items in it. In fact the item clearly mentioned potatoes in it and it was missing potatoes in it. I'm a big foodie and this was a big disappointment that even the second dish wasn't served as mentioned on the menu. I had the waiter call the manager and ask him to find me the items listed in the menu and even he was helpless. So please BEWARE and next time make sure you ask your server what all is included in your dish and ask if all items will be included like they say. Even the quantity was horrible in comparison to nearby Indian restaurants. I'd give this restaurant a miss if i was you and find other better ones.
Honestly, this is just bad indian food. We have gone there twice and the food was watered down and bland.  We ordered Matter Paneer and the gravy was so watery that we didn't even eat it. I'm not sure how anyone can like this place after you have eaten at Rasoi or any other place in Indian Sqr.
Food is decent and ambiance is alright for a dinner. We like the buffet lunch on weekends. It is pretty good.We were regular here since there aren't too many decent Indian food joints around the area. But after 2 years, it got a bit boring. Everything starts to taste the same after some time :)
Raaz is the best Indian place in whole of jersey city. Have been to each and every indian joint but nothing beats this place. Food is just aawfringsomee..!!! Love this place and go twice every week. If you are non veg, do try Check rahra and goan fish curry. For all you indian food lovers..go for RAAZ..its rocking.
I guess you should get the kebabs here as they have some guy in the back behind a window constantly working on them.  Chicken biryani was quite bad actually.  No flavor and overdone chicken... all around bad.Otherwise a nice place.
Have had better North Indian food. For the price and quantity not worth it.
with its voguish interior and non asian crowd i dint even have a clue that i was sitting in an indian resturant till i saw the menu . food is ok.
Bland food, loud bollywood on the TVs, slow service. I've been here twice and each time, I left disappointed. The only thing I've ordered and liked were the breads.
Amazing food. Went for dinner twice a la carte. Food was amazing had chicken chill garden noodles, chicken 65, chili panner, panner kadai, and naan. It was like I had gone to India. Food is very authentic and it's very hard to get my recommendation. One of the best indian restaurants in North America. I am truly impressed. Will be back for more.
Tried their lunch buffet this weekend.   Decent selection, but nothing exciting or surprising.  Service was less than stellar. Now, this place is located right outside the mall.  I'd say quality of the food is better than the Indian place in the mall food court.  But, then again, I just compared a sit-down restaurant to mall food fare...  I did enjoy the Indian music videos that were playing on TV.  They were so colorful and interesting.  I wish I could have said the same of the buffet...
They say its indian food. I say its pathetic food. All they make what is close totastes like indian is dal tadka. Tandoori chicken in afternoon is raw n it smells stale. Their buffets sucks as very few options and they wont refill the buffet tray untill u ask thrice. They will prefer individual cust over ppl who order buffet.
Goan Green Fish Curry (blak cod) was excellent! The fish was cooked properly and although it was a heavy curry, it didn't overpower the flavor of the fish. I ordered it medium and it was a level spicier than expected, so keep that in mind when ordering. The naan was soft and fluffy.Service was really good, the waiter (possibly the owner) was very helpful in making suggestions.
Raaz is the finest Indian food experience around Jersey City/Hoboken area. Good food at reasonable price, fairly decent ambience and good service. The place is clean and hygienic. Me and my wife have been to this restaurant quite a few times now and always had a nice experience.Highly recommended.
ok ok food, nice ambience. Cozy place, and friendly staff. but, wait a minute.... The chicken was semi cooked. We ordered chilly chicken, it was sweet chicken.. I understand spice level here is different from India. But I did not expect a sweet dish in a chicken on my entree! Also, not impressed by their dessert. They served us a stale carrot halwa, which made us return and ask for kulfi ( since this can never go wrong anywhere )
Disappointing to say the least. Staff not very friendly, we asked for a table outside and they did not oblige. Indo Chinese was edible, nothing great. The Indian cuisine lacked flavor, not authentic. I would not recommend this to anyone, won't go again.
This is the best indian cuisine in jersey city! I have been here many times and have recommend it to many friends. They love it as well. The manager,Shivi,makes you feel very comfortable and he is very attentive.The waiters are very freindly and courteous! The food is great but my favorites are the tandoori dishes. The wine and cocktails choices are one of the very best I have seen in downtown jersey city especially the happy hour. Overall I definitely recommend this place!
Raaz Specialty Indian Cuisine is actually quite decent despite Monica R's review. Raaz is a really cute spot. It's not the typical Indian decor. It's more modern and trendy. This is definitely a place where you can go for a special occasion, business lunch, or even a casual night out with friends and family. It's not uptight at all, nor by any means is it ghetto or lacking in the service and quality department.If anything, Raaz offers great Indian food, Indo-Chinese cuisine, and familial hospitality. When I dine at Raaz, I don't really feel like I'm eating out at a restaurant. I feel like I'm dining at home. The guy who owns Raaz is super nice and gracious. He welcomes all diners with a smile and will remember you each time you return.Whether I've had chicken or lamb kebabs, Bhindi Masala, or one of the chicken dishes, I've enjoyed it all. The platters come with rice and salad. It's a full meal and if you want, round it out with a side of roti.Raaz is kind of pricey. It could easily average out to $20 a head with drinks but it's worth it. Dining at Raaz is comfortable, clean, tasty, and filling.
Hop on the Path and head to Manhattan, there are so many more choices. But if your stuck here for the moment and famished it's an option. The service for the most part wasn't super friendly. I guess they open for lunch and close late afternoon, and open back up for dinner.  I finished up my meal sometime after 4 pm., and they closed up right after I walked out the door.Or, was it something I said?The waiter wasn't too friendly as he took my order, didn't really want to answer questions about the various dishes, I ended up getting the Bhuna Murg Masala (Chicken) it was fine, a good amount of spice and a Mango Lassi, which is real filling on it's own. I wish they would have just told me that they were closing shortly instead of getting the cold shoulder. Well thanks for serving me, I was pretty hungry at the moment. The owner or manager perhaps took up my check at the end of the meal. he was friendly my take on it is that he was happy to see some business come in, now he just needs to get that message down to his staff.Here's a hint, if you don't want people to come in, lock the door.
Ordered a delivery for 3.Garlic Naan, Paneer Jalfrezie, Lasooni gobi tikka, Daal Makni.--First of all they messed up the order. Instead of 3 Garlic naan's they gave me 2 plain cold plain Naan's.  HELLO...!! You charge me for whole 3 garlic naan's.  :\)The Paneer Jalfrezie was bland and tasteless, in spite of telling them to make it Med spicy. Disappointed totally with it. Daal Makhni was strictly OK.. Nothing fancy (Didn't expect anything fancy..either).But the Lasooni Gobbi tikka saved the day...or rather Night.  It was good thus the single star.I called them right away to tell them that they messed up the order, The guy simply said "Lets adjust next time" --HELLO-- There is not gonna be a next time.. Am not ordering anything from them ever.  and If you folks wanna have a peaceful tasty dinner then avoid this for for all the money.
Good food, friendly staff, nice atmosphere. It's very pricey for an Indian restaurant in this neighborhood. Delivery is slow so better to eat in. The dhaba murgh and murmuri chicken are our favorites.
Pretty good and acceptable Indian food for this area. It's nothing exceptional but will do on days of extreme craving for a taste of the mother land  I don't find the guy that takes the take out orders to be lacking basic manners and politeness. But then again that is a deeper cultural issue discussion for another time and place!
I have eaten a lot of Indian food but Raaz is my current favorite.  Each dish is distinctive, with tangy delicious flavors.  Excellent service, too...very friendly without overdoing it.
Great food! The north Indian dishes on the menu are outstanding and are better than the Chinese items there.Dal Makhani there is a stunner! All other curry items there have been great too... Just be a bit weary of ordering the Chinese as it is extremely generous on the oil and ketchup...
$15 credit limit. Food was spicy without being in-your-face. Good flavors. They have $3 wines for happy hour. I sat there with a friend for a few hours and they brought us out some free chip-things. The staff is accommodating. Nice outdoor seating. Meal items were a bit pricey, but delicious. We got the most expensive appetizer to share among 3 people - it came out sizzling.
I had the lunch buffet. The food here was really bad especially for Jersey City (high Indian population). I'm not sure how it's got such a good rating. Definitely a good real estate location for lunch, I suppose.
Nice ambience and tasty food makes this place one of my favorite restaurant. Biryani is one item everybody should taste.
Kind of surprised by some of the bad reviews.  I've been here several times while visiting the area and have always enjoyed the food.  Tonight however, I was totally blown away with the crispy cauliflower appetizer and tandoori veggies(sorry, can't remember the names of the dishes)--seriously some of the tastiest food I've ever had.  Service was just OK, but I'll definitely go back.   In fact, I'll go back tomorrow just to get another order of that cauliflower appetizer.
Second time at Raaz and will definitely be back! The staff was so helpful in recommending dishes for my family members that have not tried this food before. Waiter and rest of staff were very attentive and glasses were never left empty. Try the Crispy Lasooni Gobi, Butter Chicken and Paneer Makhani - kids loved these as well!
Meh. Bleh. Overhyped. I would like to believe its due to the lack of good restaurants in the area that it is always near to being packed with people. The service was soooooo slow that my hunger died of waiting.
Wait for 10 mins in between your lunch buffet to get Naan... Super watery daal.. Not coming back
i've been here about four times and can only remember the last two times two months ago? i came here with three friends just because there isn't much of a selection in the newport area. the weather was nice so we sat outside. i think they need a few candles or something. it's not really to create a romantic ambiance but because we couldn't see anything. we ordered our appetizers and entrees and it took a really really long time. when my friend's appetizer finally came.. waiter: mmt-mmt us: what? waiter: mmt-mmt us: what?? waiter: mmt-mmt appetizer us: oh appetizer. andrew that's yours me: i thought you ordered kebabs? andrew: i did we proceeded to try andrew's appetizer. it was basically green tandoori chicken. it's nothing to rave about. pretty spicy. decent dish my friend and i shared the lamb vindaloo platter. the platter comes with your meat entree, two vegetable sides, a few pieces of lettuce, small portion of rice, and naan. overall the ($18?) platter was good. the vegetable sides were delicious! i think they were both dal when our bill came we saw the appetizer we "ordered" was actually called mmt-mmt! they put in the wrong order for us so we never got to try the kebabs. i guess "chicken murmuri kebab" sounds like "mmt-mmt". oh well last night my friend and i sat inside this time. very nice ambiance inside. dimly light. the booth seating is kind of romantic minus the bollywood music videos playing we ordered the lamb vindaloo platter again. just because it's the only spicy lamb dish on the menu (little pepper indicator). i'm actually surprised there aren't more spicy dishes on the menu the dish tasted better the first time i had it. this time the lamb had a strong vinegar taste. the vegetable dishes again were excellent. my friend thought the water tasted like pneumonia. whatever that means and DON'T ORDER THE PAPRI CHAAT. it taste like crackers and old yogurt. i usually pick at everything i order even if it's not the greatest thing. i couldn't take more than a bite of it i would come back again if i'm in the area and craving some indian food (and don't want to go inside the mall). i need to try the chicken dishes again. i remember them tasting good but that was sometime last year and i may be confused. all indian food is starting to taste the same to me
I don't know why there are so few options for Indian food in downtown Jersey City.  Fortunately for me, this place is very near my office.  They offer outdoor seating for nice weather and the staff is friendly.  I may not be a connoisseur of Indian food, but eating here is a treat for me.
Delicious authentic Indian food.  My faves: Tandoori chicken, samosas, garlic naan...yummm!  Oh, and try their lychee martinis...A M A Z I N G!  :-DCool ambience, comfortable atmosphere, and friendly service. Our server, Shivi, was wonderful. Would highly recommend...you absolutely will NOT leave hungry or disappointed!
This place does not get great reviews, but I kinda like it.  We order from here every so often and the food is always pretty good.  I'm not really an Indian food aficionado, so maybe I don't know what I'm talking about.    The Tandoor chicken and chicken tikka are quite good.
I've lived in Newport for almost 2 years now and this is one of my favorite Indian places for one reason-- Chicken Tikka Makhani. It is AMAZING. It's essentially Tikka Masala but with honey or some other secret amazing spice. The only reason I don't order it every time is that there's no way its healthy at all. My fiance always orders it though so I usually steal some of the sauce. Over the years I've tried many of the vegetarian dishes and most have been very good. I especially like the Palak Paneer. Though a word of warning- if you ask for it spicy they really deliver on that! I havent found an appetizer that I love here but that Tikka Makhani is good enough to keep me coming back.Oh and delivery can be on the slow side.
We love this place.  Our friend Shivi makes us feelwelcome as soon as we walk in.  Our favorites are the tandoor chicken dishes, including the succulent and tasty chicken tikka and the malai kebab.  Excellent flavor.  We also regularly order the paneer paalak and a couple of well done scrumptious naans on the side.  The lamb biryani and masala dishes are flavored to the exact extent we request.  I highly recommend Raaz.  And we are not even South Asian, just a couple of transplanted white working stiffs from New York.
Terrible service... Food is so so, ordered chilli chicken gravy, it was quite average.. Lamb biriyani was good.. But food doesn't make up for terrible service.. Will not go back although this place has a nice decor..I expected more..
Great food. Bollywood songs playing in the background make it an amazing experience. The tables on the side are very cozy and give a romantic feel. Needless to say the food tasted good as well.
Wow, reviews on this place are really mixed. I can only speak from my own experience at Raaz, and it was entirely positive. I dropped in with my Boux during the lunchtime break from a conference next door. We were super hungry owing to all the deep thinking 'bout stuff and whatnot.The place was clean and busy, with a diverse patronage. We were immediately seated in a window booth and cozied up next to each other on one side. Oh, love! Our waiter was very much in favor of us trying the buffet. "Perhaps you would like the buffet! Are you sure you don't want the buffet? The buffet is full of splendor and goodness!"Nevertheless we resisted as neither of us wanted to go back to the conference with that much curry in our tummies. I ordered a "moderately" spicy lamb vindaloo dish instead - oh was it good! Big pieces of tender lamb swimming in hot red sauce. It made my head sweat but I couldn't stop eating it! Boux ordered an interesting dish - potatoes with cottage cheese in a creamy tomato based sauce. Double yum-tastic too. And there was tons of naan and other side dish accompaniments to be scooped up by the naan. I really liked Raaz and would definitely return...next time I'm in the JC, baby!
We dined here for dinner, thought the place had a nice feel to it. Great flavors and friendly staff. Went back for take away the next night.
I was in Jersey City on business and was looking for a dinner place.  I found Raaz on Open Table and made a reservation (for one).  I arrived less than a half hour later and they had a table set aside for me with a "reserved" sign on it.The entire staff was extremely nice and helpful.  They assisted me with selecting menu items and gave solid recommendations regarding a couple of Indian beers.I ordered the Trio of Chicken Kebabs which included malai kebab, chicken tikka achari and mmt (mirch murg tikka) along with some naan.  The food was very good and the portions were large.Five stars for service and four stars for food.
I really want to like this place, but the service just isn't there. I've been quite a few times and the service is slow. Today I ordered online for pick up and still had to wait 30 minutes for my order. From now on I will only go for the lunch buffet since you serve yourself.I do love their chaat appetizer and puri bread, but the butter chicken/makhani has so little meat, that it's a better deal to go to the indian place in the mall food court since you get more for your money.
I had the lunch buffet the other day. Selection is "standard" for a non-vegetarian place, but nothing stood out.  The place suffers from Americanized Indian food cooking, and everything tastes rather bland, even the chutneys! Frankly, the place inside Newport mall is MUCH better and has the long queues every day to prove it.
I love the Raaz, just wish it was nextdoor to my house instead of downtown Jersey City.  The food is fresh and flavorful and really puts a positive touch on Indian food expectations.
I love this place. I only go here for the lunch buffet though, because I find them to be a bit too expensive for me. The buffet is delish! They cook everything really well and as a NY native, I haven't found a buffet with their price point that really compares in the city. My word of advice is to get there at 11:45 before the rush. I only go on Fridays btw.
Food is not bad, but service is horrible. There is no other Indian restaurant in the immediate Newport area so I end up coming here, but very reluctantly.
Well... We have eaten at Raaz quite a few number of time.... Food is good... But what's sold to me their concept of a platter..... You get nan, rice, dal, mix veggies, salad + one dish of ur choice........ We love the baingan masala ....!!! So if u order this one platter u have a variety of flavors on ur plate and it's so worth it!! Gotta try the buffet next....
This is my most fave Indian Restaurant in Jersey City.Delicious Food - I love their Paneer Kalimiri. They have small portions of Sides for just `$4 which is best to order alongside an entree when you are just two of you and dont want to roder a lot of food yet taste a variety. Naans melt in the mouth.Service is great. Ambience is nice. Location wise close to Newport Mall and thats why its a great place to eat after a tiring shopping eve!
We usually have or lunch here on weekends..it's hubby first choice as they serve hot gulab jamun and vanilla icecream at buffet..
I must say that Razz's was the finest Indian food experience I have had in a long time.  I was in Jersey City on business about one month ago and decided to give it a try for dinner.  The bread is homemade and delicious.  I ordered a lamb and spinach dish that was sensational to say the least.  It came with three sides including lentils, bread and yogurt.  I did enjoy it.The atmosphere on the other hand was somewhat sterile.  I do not know if restaurants in downtown Jersey City are mainly void of atmosphere.  The place was quiet with a few tables filled on a Sunday night.  The service was good, but the waiter and restaurant staff were frigid.  Do not get me wrong, I do not like to be waited on constantly, but please remember I am a customer and stop by once in a while.I would recommend it - good food is what matters in the end.
We decided to stop here for dinner and were not disappointed! The ambience is intimate and the staff friendly and attentive. Would definitely recommend the butter chicken as an entree and the kheer for dessert!
I came here a couple of time for their lunch buffet and I liked it.  I like their naan with the chutney and their rice and chickens.  They once had that really good dessert that taste like dounut holes soaked in syrup.  Dangerous.
Great food at reasonable prices. fairly decent ambience. good service. the platters are great to order, they come with chicken, veg entree, dal, salad, rice.
Food is good. I would recommend delivery from here becoz it's much more pricey than the restaurants in journal square.  Been here several times for dinner and once for lunch. The lunch buffet was really good for the price and had a lot of variety from North Indian cuisine to some indo Chinese to some South Indian food.
This review is for their lunch/brunch buffet. The food was cold, when we told the manager he replied saying that we should come towards the start of the buffet to get hot food. If your buffet is from 12-3pm and you are charging $14 for it, the least we expect is warm food.
This is the closest Indian restaurant in Newport. The food is about average - neither great nor bad. Decor and ambience is average too. Go for the buffet when possible as they have a good number of options.
I was really impressed with their cocktail menu! We had the lassi martini and lychee martini and both were excellent (if you like sweet/fruity drinks). The interior and service were also excellent. The food was okay -- good but not necessarily exceptional. For appetizer we had the dahi papri chaat and paneer pakora, for entree the manchurian vegtables w/gravy and baingan bharta, and for dessert the gajar ka halwa. Even though the food was okay, the ambiance was so nice and it's so hard more me to find drinks I enjoy (my boyfriend likes when we can drink together) that I would definitely go back.
Service is amazing. Food is very good. I enjoy dinners more than lunch buffet. The mixed appetizer plate is lovely. Vegetarian dishes are rich and satisfying. The decor is beautiful and restful, only down side is television brings down the tone a bit. There is a full bar and a happy hour. Also sidewalk cafe out of the sun in early evening.
Ok so the service ain't good!! I never expected it to be! I think you are silly if u expect it to be good. Good food!! Crispy gobi, malai kebab, Rohan josh. All very yummy. Will definitely be back when I get my Indian craving
The decor is clean and on the trendy side.The food is ok.  I didn't like the Indo-Chinese appetizer (spring rolls), the skin was too thick.  The Mango Lassi was watery.  Nunn was a bit greasy.  But everything else tasted ok.Service is also an ok, and the manager (I think) stopped by to ask if we enjoyed the food.So...it is a mediocore place with medocore food
We live in the area and order from this place often. They are prompt with the delivery and have a $20 minimum to deliver. The Samosa chaat is the best and we always order it with our meal as also the vegetable pulav. We ordered the gobhi Manchurian and while it was good felt it was a bit too tangy. The naan is really good and fluffy here.
My husband and I love Indian food and would love to go an extra mile to find a restaurant with authentic Indian food. While there are some great restaurants within India, being able to taste an authentic Indian food outside India, not home made, is like a mirage, it seems be delicious as in India until  tasted just to realize the food is all customized to suit needs of whichever country the restaurants are in.Raaz, so far has been the best place I tasted good Indian food in USA and the second best place we have had really good Indian food. The first best place we have had delicious Indian food was at the restaurant called Rupali in Hiroshima, Japan (Happy went to that trip)! Raaz has really great chefs, the food taste proves it all. The gulab jamuns they make here are more than delicious. I thought I had good cooking skills yet, have never prepared or tasted anything like the jamun here before. Despite reducing sugars in general, I would eat jamun here for sure. :)Being a neatness freak, I check a lot of thing which makes it diffcult for me honestly like a place. Now Raaz is different because it is the first place where water glasses are really neat and don't stink (most restaurants, even the star restaurants don't have glass hygine, surprises me all the time). The service is quick and the staff is polite. Both the times, we have been here, it has been a good experice and looking forward for more good experiences here! :)
Excellant location is wasted by Raaz with ordinary to bad food. Bhuna Murg is ok. They claim they are from Delhi and yet make bad dal makhni & tandoori chicken. It doesn't add up.
Food is ok, not great! Service - terrible! Most of the staff is rude. Been here three times, the same experience all three times. And wasn't just us, the staffed arrogant to most of people.
GREAT place. Food is above-average. Masala chai is kept on a counter from a barrel with a spigot. Service is very friendly. You can sit outdoors or indoors (sometimes indoors is noisy).
I really appreciate the business owner Mr Raj on following up with what went wrong with my visit at Raaz and trying to correct it. I would visit them again and hope the experience is good for others.
I'm giving this place 4 stars. First, the service was exceptional. We did come at 5:30pm so there were only one other table being served. Will have to reassess when we come during busier times. Now on to the food. We ordered naan, a dhaka (curry) chicken dish and a saag chicken dish. The naan and the curry dish was delicious. I'm taking a star away for the saag chicken because the chicken was too dry. All in all, I would comeback again and try their other plates.
Food - The brunch is good. Soup is about average. Pakoda is good. The chutney is generally nice.  The noodle and asian fusion curry is generally good.  Idli should surely improve. Tomato chutney is the best I have had. Coconut chutney is at best avoided.  The mutton curry and tangi kabab is always good.    Gulab jamun is delicious. Service - Shivi Raj is an awesome manager. Always interacting with the customers, he makes the experience worh while.Ambience - Its a nice place.Cost - ~$15 for brunch
I've never been to the restaurant so can't comment on the service or ambience of the place. However, my fiancé and I absolutely love the food. We heard not so good reviews about the place from our friends but it's sad to say they were so wrong. Love the dhaba chicken and the biryani is mouth watering. I'm a big fan of dal makhni and it's unbelievably good. They're a bit expensive and charge for everything from papadum to chutney and that's the only reason why I'm giving them a four star.
Food is not bad at all but one can easily find better places across the river in NYC.
So let me start by saying this rating could have been a 3,but I was torn and went with a 2. :(The best thing about this place are the classic Indian songs they keep playing, the booths and the deserts. Other than that it's all mumbo-jumbo.. Naan is either not there, so sit and wait for it or its cold. The food is ok, but the number of dishes and the number of non-vegetarian dishes are quite less. I've heard though there thali and a la carte is much better. Don't see  yield returning unless someone tells me they've become much better.
I've never written a food review before, but I joined Yelp just so I could review this restaurant. I've been eating Indian food for almost 22 years, in different countries and states, and this is the second best Indian food I have ever eaten in my life. The other place is this obscure little place in Highworth, Swindon in England where i grew up. We stopped by this place for the lunch buffet during the day, and the food was good, and very reasonably priced. We returned the next night for dinner, however, and I was blown away.I've been an off-and-on vegetarian the last few months, and so i ordered a veggie dish, and it was absolutely amazing. Flavorful, well prepared, and cooked 'medium' spicy like i ordered. I tasted everyone else's at my table, and theres was just as good. My father, who has also been eating Indian food all of his life agreed that this was the best Indian food he'd ever had in the states.Fast and friendly service, great food, and a decent beer selection.
V bad service & behavior. We went with couple of friends an hour well before its closing time and still since our entry the staff kept repeating to order immediately. If they were closing, they should have told us but they were interested in taking our order. The Manager then advised to take an extra curry telling that the order would not be sufficient but we ordered excess breads and then he never objected. Greedy one! The most irritating thing was the check. The Manager brought the check and he had himself manually added 20% tip on his own even when we had a bad service experience. It was a forced tip. Food was also just okay.I Am not going back to this place for arrogance and greed of staff.Kudos to Manager for losing a future customer in order to make money the other day!
Really solid Indian food in a pleasant setting. The usual dishes are all here: tandoori, chicken tikka masala (here called butter chicken), Rogan josh,  saagwala, kebabs, biryani. The breads are good, especially the garlic naan, which has a LOT of garlic. (For me, that's a good thing.)  There are also some great Indo-Chinese dishes. Order the vegetables Manchurian style for some variety from the standard Indian dishes. The mango lassi is terrific, especially if you're eating spicy dishes. The food is delicious and the portions are generous.  The staff is friendly and accommodating.
Went for lunch buffet.good: gulab jamun & ice cream was good.Bad: food was disastrous. Started with noodles and start was bad. Rest of food went with same taste.Over all, it was a bad choice. Ambience was little dull. Not recommended.
Pretty average Indian food.  My friend informed me that this is an actual chain in India.  That was definitely news to me.I came here for the lunch buffet - variety is not bad.  Lot of meat dishes, and like 1-2 vegetarian dishes - dal makhani, a pea dish, and palak paneer when I went.  I'm actually kind of surprised by the lack of vegetarian dishes, I thought there would be more.  I'm a little disappointed because I actually don't eat the Indian meat dishes very much.  I did have some of the chicken dishes (can't remember the names) - unfortunately all the red sauces seem to blend together, so I couldn't really distinguish what I was eating.Food in general was all right - I was a little disappointed by the palak paneer because it looked like someone took spinach and blended (my friend commented, "Wow, that is a bit TOO GREEN") it into a soupy mess with no chunks of paneer in it!  But flavor could have been a lot worse, I suppose - it was all right, given that it was a soupy mess.I must say, A+ on the Naan here.  Fluffy, and flavored with just enough butter.  My friend was inhaling the naan and I don't blame him, for it's one of the best I've had in this area.
Love their Gulab jamun and the fact that the lunch buffet is just for 12$.Filling and nice.
We drove to this restaurant from NYC on a whim upon hearing about its' large portions and delectable food. Upon arriving, we found that the restaurant was located in a clean and beautiful part of Jersey City, right across the street from the river. The interior of the restaurant is dimly lit and beautiful, with Bollywood music videos from 2001 playing on the flat screen TV that was perched on the wall. Being a person who can't help but sway to music that I am familiar with, I began dancing in my booth to the Indian music, much to my non-South Asian boyfriend's amusement.On the food itself: All I can say is, it's nothing special. In fact, at the prices that the entrees were labeled as, I'd say it was even mediocre at best. I've tried many types of Indian restaurants, and there have been plenty with much more delicious food at a more inexpensive price. I had the chicken vindaloo, which is always a favorite of mine, but it was just okay at Raaz. The mango lassi, on the other hand, is worth praising--it was thick and sweet and just the right taste. The garlic naan is also worth ordering.I wasn't feeling our waiter--he was nice enough, but seemed too eager to get us to order more menu items, and had an air of impatience towards the end of our dining, as if he wanted to rush us out. By the way, the portions are average and in no way oversized. I was mildly disappointed considering I had come bearing an empty stomach and a huge appetite.A helpful tip: if you park in the garage right by the restaurant, make sure you get a parking voucher from Raaz, otherwise you will have to pay. We found this out the hard way.
Great food and drinks at raaz. They have a nice ambience .. Strongly recommend for any Indian cuisine. And great hospitality ... The owner Raj was very kind as well.
Number one for dinner for me and my wife.  Delicious food,  ambient atmosphere. Worth to try.
I don't get how this restaurant has such good ratings.I have come here for the lunch buffet a couple of times with my colleagues. The food is OK. They have the usual buffet items of rice, dal, two vegetarian dishes, two non-vegetarian dishes, tandoori chicken and dessert. No dish in particular really stood out in the buffet. It was like eating different  globs of curry without any flavor.Now whenever my colleagues suggest going to this place, I try to dissuade them. Really not worth paying 15 odd bucks for the buffet.
Very tasty Indian food in the heart of Jersey City!The servers and bartender are super friendly and the food is quite varied.  Everything from veggies, inventive appetizers to great entrees.   When is the last time you have seen both goat and lamb on a menu?  Well, you can get them here!They papadum, garlic naan bread and mint chutney are all excellent, too!Try it, you will love it.
Don't know what people love about this place. The food was mediocre.the garlic naan was good, plain naan was burnt sag paneer was mush. Everything was well seasoned, except the chicken.It's like they cook the meat without seasoning and toss it into the delicious sauce at the last second. Delivery was timely, but I had to fight to get it delivered. The owner said his delivery doesn't extend"that far" -to my hotel, the double tree.Overall, Another disappointment.
So you say you serve lunch buffet till 4 pm. If I walk in at 3:45pm, I should be able to enjoy the buffet, right? The food was cold. The chicken, the daal, the naan...everything was cold. When I asked why is that, the guy said "the buffet time is almost over" Does that mean I have to come at the beginning of the buffet to actually have warm food? Terrible customer service. This is NOT how you should deal with your customers. You just lost a customer and I will most likely tell my other friends in Newport about it as well. If the buffet was almost over and the food you were serving was cold, you should not have charged me the full amount for the buffet too...should have given it to me for free, maybe I would have given you 3 stars then!
Had the lunch buffet. Decent enough spread with 3 different chicken dishes, 5 vegetarian ones, naan, salad, rice and desert options. The items were decent across the board - nothing really a standout, but no failures. Service with a seat at the bar was right-minded, with fairly prompt refills of my drink.
Ordered the mutton biryani. Only place in NYC that does better than this is Aangan on UWS but this one is damn good as well. Loved it and will keep on ordering the same. I have yet to try out the other dishes in this restaurant.
It's not a bad Indian restaurant - definitely good as a stand-by, especially given the lack of great Indian restaurants in the Newport and Grove St area. On our last visit, we shared the channa pindi and vegetable jalfrazi entrees - both were made spicy to our taste and were tasty, albeit a bit on the salty side. If I had time, I would head into Manhattan and go to one of my favorite spots for North Indian food but on lazy nights in the neighborhood, Raaz fills my Indian food cravings.Note: Raaz has an eclectic menu as they do offer several Indo-Chinese dishes. I can't attest to how good and authentic these are given that I haven't tried 'em. Also, the happy hour specials are pretty good - they make their cocktails strong, which is awesome!
This rating is based on service - about a 10 min greet time from our server who never mentioned her name and only asked if we were ready to order.  She then had to come back 5 min later and asked us if we ordered (insert menu choices here). The worst part is from where I was sitting, I could see our server on her phone during the entire time we were there, including making a phone call that she used speaker phone to chat.  $70 food and drink tab should come with better service. Regarding the food- decent Indian food, but very small portions.  Also worth mentioning, it took almost 40 minutes to have dinner served and there were only two other tables in the restaurant. Overall. The lack of service ruined the experience of having dinner at this restaurant.
Came here with 4 co-workers for dinner.  The food, drinks and service was awesome!  Had several dishes to share as we had a few virgins when it comes to Indian cuisine.  We had the Chicken Biryani, Goan Shrimp Curry,  Channa Pindi, Adraki Aloo Gobhi, Veggie & Chicken Samosa, and Chicken Vindaloo.  Everything was flavorful and tasty.
The food tasted ok. There are a lot of better and cheaper places in Jersey City compared to this place. They also took a lot of time in getting the food.
Great food, great service, clean, and comfortable restaurant. The lunch buffet is awesome! On Friday's they have chili fish and on weekends they serve soup and indo Chinese in the buffet. Very filling and well worth your money. You won't leave disappointed.
Order Delivery Gulab Jamun - A "Khoya" dumpling dipped in rose flavoured syrup $5.00Saag Chicken - Chicken cooked in spinach and fresh herbs & spices $16.00I like Indian food due to the spices.  I have been to this restaurant before and this time I tried something different than what I had before. They delivered within time and the food is still hot.  I think the price is okay for dinner. But if I pay this price for lunch, I would definitely not coming because there is an Indian lunch buffet does charge less than what I paid for dinner and more variety choice in which I can try.   They do not have a deliver fee which is good.  So Saag Chicken comes with rice.  The only complaint is the dish is too salty.  It would be great if they could add less salt even other dishes.  Other than that, I like the favor and very filling.  Gulab Jamun desert is great same taste as other Indian restaurant.
One of the best indian food they serving in newport next to path station. There lunch buffet on monday is a treat for a food lover. Really nice place for punjabi cuisine. Veg/ Non Veg both.
Took take away couple of times and food was delicious. Also, the staff is super helpful. It has great vegetarian options.
This place is not for you if you're not American. The staff is totally biased and only caters to please them. I am an Indian, we were searching for server to take mid dinner order for 15 mins.. They weren't even looking at other than Americans.. Very poor.. However, the food is just awesome.. That's why they still getting 3.. Paneer dishes are good.. And definitely try kulchas..
Update: The brunch buffet is so yummy! It has all my favorite Indian foods plus all the nann you can eat, what can be better than that. I also had dinner here again and although it took almost an hour for the food to arrive, everything was delicious. So my 3 times here have now concluded to the following:Great food if you are willing to wait.
One night, I stopped by to eat at Raaz again as I find their food tasteful. I decided to get the food to go while still seated at the restaurant. They forgot to give us makni daal we ordered and only gave us tandoori roti, rice and an appetizer we ordered. Assuming they would have gives us what we ordered, we went home and realized we are missing the daal. I called and the guy wanted me to come back and pick up that daal myself. I am thinking in my head, this dude gotta be kidding me!!!!! He agreed to deliver it to my place, it came an hour later. I asked the delivery guy if he could share the manager's contact with me. I spoke to the manager and he was very sorry for the kind of service I received, he sent me the similar food order next day, the food was fresh, tasteful. They know how to retain customers and keep them happy, definitelt deserve 5 stars. Thanks so much Raj
Solid Indian food, but a little on the pricey side for a Californian like me (I guess that's how most restaurants in this area will be though).I had the butter chicken, naan and rice. I ordered take out and the food was ready in about ten minutes. Seems like a trendy spot which is cool for dining out.
We had a pretty good lunch buffet here on a Friday afternoon with few of my coworkers. The restaurant is relatively small but pretty nicely decorated, I think if we gotten the booth table around the corners the experience would have been even better. I thought the tables were little too closely placed but doesn't really hurt the experience.The food were mostly pretty good in my experience, the naan was freshly made and very popular that might have to end up waiting for fresh batch to come out. They have a clear window to see into the kitchen and you can see they make the naan fresh. I thought their chicken dishes were pretty decent and the chili fish was only average.The desserts were another highlight of the meal though, the milk/cheese ball were really good although a bit too sweet for my taste but with side of water or milk it works out perfect. The rice pudding was really good as well.I personally would definitely recommend this place if you like to give Indian food a try. I think price wise its better than Amyia as well down in Harborside Financial Center as well~
PHENOMENAL!!!!! The nan is hands down the best I've ever had. Chicken Tiki Masala is awesome... excellent wait staff... clean restaurant. Will absolutely be a regular here!!!
I really wanted to love Raaz.  I have been looking for a great Indian place in the area, and considering that JC has a sizable Indian population, thought this might be it.  We wend around 7:30 on a Wednesday.  The place was mostly empty with two, maybe 3 other tables occupied.  The host could not have been more friendly and courteous, and seated us right away.  We ordered the Assorted Bread Basket, which includes Naan, Garlic Naan, and Parantha.  It came with a lot of bread. I would say that was a very good value.We ordered the Crispy Cauliflower, as that seems to be recommended by a lot of people.  This could have been a really good dish, but the battered, fried cauliflower became soggy and doughy when drenched in the sauce.  I thought they should have served the sauce on the side to keep the cauliflower crispy.We also ordered the lamb Roganjosh and Saag Chicken.  We really enjoyed both of these dishes, although there was nothing terribly special about them.All-in-all, I would say Raaz was 3 & 1/2 stars, and I struggled whether to give it 3 or 4.  I went with 4 because the service was outstanding.  I will definitely give it another try.
Unfortunately their vegetarian lunch box was very plain :( Indian cuisine is usually full of spices and aroma, but paneer cheese and spinach&mushrooms were just OK and nothing more :(
The food doesn't blow me away and it will never blow anyone away.  There are so much better places serving Indian food here in town. But it does the job competently.To me the fare is the standard Indian combos. Nothing is noteworthy and nothing I tried tasted bad. Attentive service, but occasionally sloppy and disengaged.But, I want to report that I have experienced intriguing intestinal episodes that have demonstrated an interesting correlation with my occasional visits to this place. Nevertheless, I return.
A nice go-to place. I like the combination of peas-paneer pulav with pindi chana. Weekend buffets are meat heavy, not many choices for vegetarians. Mixed experiences with the service, but never too bad.
HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.. BIG BIG NO ....  Reviewed on 06/14/2015----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It's sunny sunday afternoon & being starved after long shopping session, i decided to eat at Indian cuisine as my tongue was craving too - for Punjabi food ;)  Unfortunately i landed at Raaz, i was by surprised to being forced routed to Buffet by default. After long plea with rude manager (he was acting as the restro was his ancestral inheritance), i was permitted for ALA CARTE, but warned to get the food after 20min which we (me & wife) agreed upon.Being veg we ordered Paneer Kali Mirch and tandoori Naan at start to taste the food and waited for 35min to recieve the order (it was intentionally delayed to 35min as we rejected the money minting buffet proposal).Next surprise - Paneer Kali Mirchi was green curry (imagine green curry Punjabi cuisine) thinner then gujrati dal with bits & pieces of paneer with tasteless masala's (I can say if you guys have roamed in Indian Railways, you might have tasted better taste food).We complained to manager (he could not speak English so debated by ) but after 10min of Hindi debate, he finally surrendered and asked me to choose a replacement.To win the insane war, he got me paneer kadhai which was next surprise - a half cooked vegetable bowl rinsed in tomato ketchup - termed as gravy saag.Again a long debate with foolish manager, & finally my wife lost her patience & we impulsively left the food as-is, donated 32$ to their charity (sorry but didn't pay any TIP as the rude manager was my waiter).My review might seem harsh but considering the quality & taste of food to amount i paid was insanely nightmare & i can say i have never been cheated in US on food quality /taste like this ever.Drove to nearest Indian street to R***i & had satisfactory food.My rating for quality + taste of food is rating is -10 & rude manager is -100Next time if i am starving in Newport mall, i would be more happy to feast even on subway.Or rather drive to Indian street and eat a DOSA or just have tea in worst case.This place is still making bread because of  - 1) Indian community in newport who are not aware of Indian street and lazy to drive or harsh winter climate 2) Indian people starving to death during lunch in nearby banks (JP etc)3) People who haven't tasted actual Indian food in India!!! WORST EXPERIENCE !!!
I have to say almost a year out I still love the food here and the service is fantastic. Totally worth the price :) and the owner is super cool and nice.
Service is extremely poor. They don't even bring what you order to your table but don't forget to bill it. we ordered for mango Lassi which never came but was billed.
Ordered yesterday night and turned out to be one of the worst food of my life. Paneer Makhni was so messed up could not eat more than two bites. Malai Kofta was no good too.This place is simply surviving with the crazy prices just because there is almost no competition and since there is sizeable Indian community that lives in Newport and during day has quit a few office around. Verdict - Unless you miserably want Indian food this place is no good.
The lunch buffet is excellent.  The service is attentive and friendly.
Raaz is my favorite place to eat just about ever. I've eaten there dozens of times by now, both takeout and dine in. The restaurant itself has a lovely interior with a lounge-like vibe, comfortable booths, an outside seating option, and pretty candlelight at night. The atmosphere is relaxed and the staff are friendly, and eating there is always pleasant experience.But the real star is the food. I can honestly say that of all the times I've eaten at Raaz, I've never been less than pleased with the quality (over time, I've had most of the vegetarian dishes). I've really never had a better aloo mutter and the lasuni gobhi is to die for. I'm not even sure how to describe the food except to say that really, if I lived closer and could afford it, I 'd eat here every meal of every day.
I happened to try this place the other day with one of my co workers. When it comes to Indian food there are not many options in this area.We went during the lunch time and tried the lunch buffet. This place was a complete disappointment when it came to food. They did had the usual buffet fair on display, but food lacked flavour. I tried the Pakoras(deep fried veggies), Dal makhani(Lentils), Bhindi masala(Indian style okra), Aloo Mutter(Peas and potatoes) with rice and naan.To start with the Pakoras were way too salty, dal makhani had no flavour- it didn't even taste like the usual dal makhani. Bhindi masala just had way too much oil and no spices(way too bland) and the aloo mutter were sweet. So bascially all the veggie enterees sucked. Also noticed that they make thier naan and kept on the buffet table instead of making fresh when one sits down which resulted in naan being cold. The only thing i liked was the dessert(Kheer), apart from that this place was a complete let down. With tip I wasted my $16 bucks on this crappy food.Take my advice if craving Indian, go to the food court in the Newport mall. The Indian food out there is tasty and reasonably priced.
Thechocolate delight we ordered second time for today's dinner , not bcoz tasty or yummy , the first one we sent back three time , bcoz of the temperature ,they served me three time the same one cold instead of room temperature , but we requested not too cold, and paid for both , no food knowledge for waiters ?????  Disappointed with my dessert , And food is average taste , they need to improve a lot ,,
My first authentic Biryani in US and I've been here for more than a year now. Their goat Biryani and kebabs are delicious. If you are around Newport and are in mood for some Indian food, this is a place to go to.
Everything we got was amazing.. Chicken biryani was great.. And so was their shrimp balchao
I really, really like this place.  Went here around 6:30 on a Saturday night and we were only the second table there, however the crowd picked up by the time we left around 8:00.Overall, a great experience.  As for the food, we started off with the crispy lasooni gobi (fried cauliflower), which had awesome flavor and spice.  Highly recommended. For dinner, we ordered the kadai chicken and the dal gosht (lamb served with lentils).  Both dishes were excellent, but they were served in a bowl and the chunks of chicken and lamb were not exactly bite size.  I suppose this was okay since the entree was served with a side of basmati rice, which came to the rescue in toning down the level of spice in the entrees.  That said, our waiter asked us while taking our order whether we wanted our entrees mild, medium, medium-spicy or spicy.  I went with medium spicy on the kadai chicken, which should be sufficient for the average pallet.  They also run a long happy hour special every day so it was nice to get a $2 discount on the $10, 22 oz bottle of Taj Mahal.As for service, our waiter was very friendly, patient and knowledgeable of the menu.  He recommended the cauliflower appetizer as well as the dal gosht.  At the end of the service, he brought us over comment cards with the bill.  At first, I wasn't sure what to think of this since one of the questions asked us to rate the service (obviously the waiter would be able to see the rating if he/she wanted to and discard the comment cards that rated the service poorly).  On the other hand, the comment card asked for the customer's feedback on what the restaurant does well and what it could do better.  Once I saw those questions, I thought the comment card was a good idea from a management/ownership standpoint because to me, the card demonstrates a willingness to accept criticism, learn from the customers and adapt accordingly.So, what did I not like about the place? The menu is huge, so much that I would say it's overwhelming.  They're trying to do too much, which made me question the freshness of ingredients, especially when I walked in at 6:30 on a Saturday night and there was only one other table in the restaurant.  I'm also skeptical of restaurants who put pictures of their food in the menu, but this place was able to get away with it.  Lastly (and this is a very minor point), I wish there were more art work.  The ambience is really nice and I like the way their booths are set up, but once you get in the booth you're sitting next to a plain brown wall.Overall, I really want to give this place five stars, but I think it needs to do a couple of things before I can make that leap.  If Raaz sized down the chunks of meat in its entrees, improved the ambience and downsized its menu, I would say this place is 'as good as it gets.'
Really good Indian buffet on weekends! The lamp is really really delicious! The environment is also good. You can watch the chief making nang by the window! And it is closed to the newport shopping mall.
Very surprised by some of the low reviews this place got. We had good authentic Indian food. It did take a little longer than usual for the food to come after ordering, however when it did arrive it was delicious. We had just missed happy hour, but when we got the bill they took one of the smaller items off the bill to compensate. Would definitely go back there again.
This place may not look like it, but it actually has some pretty solid Indian food. The lunch buffet at a little over $12 per person after tax is really a great deal as they have a handful of different dishes (including naan, of course). The interior is comfortable and the service is fine.
Average food. Have been multiple times. Go mostly because it is close to my home and convenient when not in a mood to cook.
Good food... But poor service. Came on a night with very few people and two dishes took over 50 minutes to arrive. They were apologetic but didn't provide any reasoning for the delay (or take anything off the bill). I might come here again but not anytime soon.
I rated this 4 stars based on the Lamb Vindaloo alone. The great thing is that this place has a Buffet at lunch time which allows everyone to try a lot of their dishes. This also great for newbies not familiar with Indian food a try.  The dishes are not as spice filled as real deal places like those in Edison but are serviceable. They are definitely better than bland Indian stands in the Newport Mall and the cafeteria in the tower next door. Bad thing about the buffet is that chicken dishes they use white meat and over time it gets really dry.  I understand white meat is maybe more authentic and higher quality, but it is terrible in buffets.  Well, let me the get to the Lamb Vindaloo. Oh my Roshan Gosht (sp?)!! I am Spicy Food Lover and I always order the Lamb Vindaloo.  I don't bother ordering anything else because nothing on the menu compares to it.  I have tried Lamb Vindaloo at every Indian Restaurant but nothing compares.  The sauce is flavorful and not just overpowering heat.  It is not too rich or greasy, just a perfect balance of spice and heat.  The amount of lamb is also perfect.  Oh the joy! It helped me many a day forget my crappy job next door. I would give it 5 stars if Lamb Vindaloo was the only dish. I was in VindaLove!
I've concluded there's no reason to go here anymore - it's really close, but considering the unreliable service, it seems almost as fast to go to Grove Street or Church Street for slightly better and much cheaper south Asian cuisine.My main gripe is service, which has been especially rough when I visited alone. Last time I was steered toward a high table at the bar even though were tons of empty real tables. The weekend buffet has gotten slightly cheaper and slightly more vegetarian. Lamb and chicken curries are fine; the occasional Indian-Chinese entries aren't as spicy as elsewhere but are decent, and the thalis are recommended.
So I ordered Rogan Josh for home delivery as I heard all nice things about the place.The delivery was fast and I was happy and excited for my dinner.The moment I opened up the Rogan Josh - Alas !!!!What Rogan Josh should be  - thin gravy and a thick layer of oil.What I was sent was more of thick lamb curry. It however tasted good but lacked authentic feel.
I spent two years in the UK recently and they have a thing there for Indian. Kinda like the way we have Mexican in the US. It's not exactly authentic but there's nothing wrong with food that's been returned for the tastes of the local palates.Raaz is a bit like that Indian that I had in England. Firstly, it's delicious. I went with the lamb rogan josh. It arrived on a huge plate with individual bowls of lamb, rice, chutney and saag. I made a uge mess of it and it was excellent. It's always difficult to get the spice level right. I want some flavor and heat, but not enough that mylips burn for a week. I said "medium" and this was probably closer to "mild" but I'm always worried that if I say "hot" then I might end up with something inedible that melts my face off. Oh well.While I ate, I enjoyed watching the TV that was tuned to a Bollywood music video channel. Man, those guys can dance!I skipped dessert but I did have an Indian beer with my meal. They had Kingfisher, which I've had before. This time, I chose Taj Mahal and it was very similar.I'll be back.
Excellent Indian food by the mall. The lunch buffet was great with a lot of choices both authentic and more westernized. Very tasty.
We are group of four visited this restaurant during our visit to NY. We stayed in Doubletree hotel in the Jersey City and this restaurant is walking distance to the same.The food is good and the staff is very warm and polite.
Horrible review in 3..2..1. The food was ok , service was another story however. The manager is rude, the waiters are disrespectful, and service is horrible. I felt like leaving no tip, but well they dont give you an option, they literally write the amount on your credit card reciept. Also, my starters came after my main course. Never going back.
Very good for the price and area. I'm a business traveler and a nice dinner of good for me Indian food never hurts. This place is good, ambiance is simple, music is ridiculous English/Indian. Fun. Service is good to fair, but adequate for a traveler. They let me work a little and relax. Food was on salty side.  I would come back.
I wish I could give negative stars. Worst food ever. Chicken was undercooked and sour?. Everything tasted ok nothing was above par.Went for a buffet, they did not refill chicken kababs till I got to my desert ...No chicken in chicken chilli.With chicken gravy chicken pieces were way too big and undercooked.Avoid at all costs. Go to Newport Mall and eat at Taste of India instead.I did not want to give any tip. However even for a party of 6 for lunch buffets he charged 20% gratuity. Total ripoff..
Can't believe I have't reviewed this one. This place is in just 5 mins walking distance and so needless to say have been there few times.I have been there for their afternoon buffet and was quite disappointed to see about same menu all the times. Food was OK, nothing special. I have tried their À la carte menu once and food was definitely better then the buffet. Would have given 4 stars if their buffet food was as good as À la carte.Not too costly for the area.
I love their appetizers, not to forget their awesome $5 martinis. The food is great. I have been there A number of times for dinner on weekends and I was never disappointed. I think they have improved their services. I have tried a number of dishes there. I moved to Newport an year ago and this is my favorite Indian restaurant in jersey city( I have tried almost all by now). Additionally , this is a  place where u can have a nice peaceful dinner, unlike most of the Indian places in journal square where you will feel like eating in middle of a crowded market.
This place has never disappointed us whether it be a-la-carte or buffet. The quality of food is good. Service is reasonably fast and good. And most importantly their recipes are their own! and each punjabi curry tastes different and unique! you must try moong daal halwa here.
Really good Indian food!!  A great little nook for lunch or dinner.  Full liquor bar and awesome service at the bar.  Thank you for a great time Denish!
Food: I ordered the chicken makhani and it was very flavorful. Super delicious. It is chicken in a red sauce and comes with rice. If you have never had Indian food before, it's a good entree to order. $16 was kind of steep so that's why I gave 4 stars. Service: What great service! The manager took my order I assume. He gave me a funny eye when I ordered the lassi martini and didn't say anything when I said I wanted to try it. Of course I didn't like it too much. He was so generous as to offer me several other replacement options. I opted for a mango mojito instead and it was good. I didn't like how the mint was way too muddled and I had to spit it out every sip. Overall: Service was really good. Very polite and attentive. Inside and outside seating was a plus. Food was tasty. Just mini gripe around pricing. $3 off my drink for happy hour! I think it's between 5-8. Plus I didn't get charged for the first drink even though it was my fault for not liking the drink :). Come try this place!
Not sure what others are complaining about... I love Indian food and this was some of the best I've had.  The ambiance, the food, the service.. all top notch.  Including a hand shake from our server as we left.  If you want Indian food, come here.We started with the Samosa Chaat which was VERY flavorful.  The tamarind chutney tasted amazing.  Next we had the Lamb Phaal Curry and Chicken Dhaba Murgh.  The Lamb was spicy and well worth the temp.  It was a slow build of heat while the soft, flavorful lamb melted in your mouth.  The chicken was not as hot, but did have some kick to it.  Both these selections were amazing.  Two orders of garlic naan to scoop up all the curry and it all had such a great flavor.  The one must have when you eat here is the Crispy Lasooni Gob.  Crispy Cauliflower in a garlic sauce that is amazing.
Raaz!!!!!!!! Coming for the third time(am from CA state just to visit NY city i have come here  and jus had some food this made me come again and again  ...good interior and menu with  perfect indian food...and dey have candle light dinner thats awesum......i have ordered hot and sour soup,chilli & garlic chicken ,hakka noodles are really so tasty and good flavoured....serving is good...and specially owner hes  very good and cool person.....Upcoming all days are yours ....all da best:)
The mutton biryani and chetanid chicken curry were good.  Portion size was enough for two, or lunch the next day.  Will probably return.  Rice pudding was very good.
One of the best restaurants in Newport. You should go once if you didn't go man you are missing the best food ever. My experience was awesome. The taste of the food made me feel so happy it felt I was in India. The hospitality was so good. I met the owner of the restaurant MR RAJ very kind gentleman. He personally took care of me.I definitely recommend you should go here.
Awesome food!!!!!! We ordered Goan Shrimp Curry, Lamb Roganjosh, Baingan Patila, Adraki Aloo GobhiRice & naan.Our server was Shavi, very pleasant And very helpful. Everything was great, you would not believe, but rice was special too, very fresh and flavorful.
Just finished having dinner. Everything we ordered was fresh and tasted great. Highly recommend trying the paneer naan. Service was pleasant too. We had staff check in with us often to ensure our food was perfect. Definitely the best Indian in the area. Will be back!
I enjoy their chicken biryani a lot. It would be great if they gave some curry with it! The staff are also very friendly. Awesome Litchi Martinis!
If you are interested in uncooked chicken and below average customer service this is your destination. Yelp should have a 1/2 star rating to choose too
The lunch buffet offered is a great deal. They have a good amount of tasty options to choose from, ranging from starters to dessert. My favorite was the chicken tikka masala and the gulab jamun (or honey balls as my girlfriend calls them). Overall the food was very fresh as well, which is important for a buffet. The service was friendly, cordial, and quick. We didn't try any of their al a carte options but based on our initial experience, I'd definitely come back.
Another disappointment with this dinning at RAAZ. Ragda Patties looked like  frozen potato patties. Dal Makhani having to salt or taste. Malai Kofta was messed up with yellow plain gravy. Enjoyed nothing except Bread Basket and Music . Better to be hungry than to eat at RAAZ.
I and my friends went for dinner on Sunday. Food was not tasty at all and service was bad as well. I had to ask a waiter to bring the check. After paying as I got up the lady asked me to excuse her so that she can take the check away. Usually what I have seen is once you sign the check and after you are gone the waiter/waitress will pick up the check. Guess she was in rush to see how much tip i had left. Well, I wouldn't recommend to go for dinner and/or lunch.
Excellent food, and excellent service.  We ordered handi goat masala, and chicken biryani along with garlic naan and Tandoori parantha- chicken and goat were melting in the mouth.  We had requested mild, and that's exactly how it came.  Prompt service
Excellent food coupled with extremely friendly service staff. Generous portions as well as great atmosphere made for a great dining experience. Highly recommend.
