I placed an order for pickup because there was no way I was going to go back there and sit down, just to be insulted. I went back because of the "good" food. I got dumplings with hot and sour sauce, noodle with spicy meat sauce, and noodle with crispy meat sauce. The noodle with crispy meat sauce was HORRIBLE! It smelled like rotting flesh.I ended up throwing up after eating it. The food was cross contaminated. Everything smelled like raw meat. I am NEVER coming back here again! They do NOT follow food safety regulations.
Update: Went back and ordered cold noodles with spicy pork and cold cucumbers! Wow... the flavors were on point. This is officially one of my favorite local spots! So happy I gave this place another chance.
It was okay... place was nice for a $6 noodle place. No fancy service here, but it wasn't bad either.Beef stew rice noodlesBroth was light beefy flavor, with some spicy kick and some spices... maybe it's just me, but i prefer the full-bodied beef stew broth. I liked the noodles though, they were thicker than average and yummy, despite falling apart easily. Make sure not to grip your chopsticks too hard or you'll kill the noodles!Surprising, as when we came in around 630pm there were only about 4 customers inside. As we were leaving, the place was full (25 people?)
We love their noodles and spicy sour dumplings. The best place in brooklyn.  Simple menu and service is ok. U order u eat and i go. No hassle. But i did find them very friendly and thoughtful. They assisted me with opening the door cause I was with crutches. Really appreciate it.
I am going to be a tough because this is Brooklyn Chinatown.  If this restaurant was in Suffolk county, where Chinese cuisine goes to die, it would be a ten.  With that said, after driving an hour and a half through a traffic-packed BQE, we were met with unique flavors and perfect textures. And yes. We came for the beef noodle soup!The beef noodle soups was a solid portion. Plenty of cilantro and parsley. Not much else. Comes standard with tendon so they don't mess around.  The soup is very light.  Not salty and a decent amount of flavor.  The noodles are very different in texture and appearance.  Round and chewy. must be a Yunan thing.  They had a surprising amount of bite. The beef was mostly tender. Not the most flavorful.  The tendon was perfect.  Other dishes.  Cold noodles were very distinct. Spicy and fragrant.  Great for a hot summer day.  Way to sweet for me.  Also the noodle to meat ratio was weak.  Not enough meat.  Cold seaweed was great!   Hope to try the cucumber next time.  Great service. They let us crack a growler of tree house haze which went really well with our dishes.  Would definitely recommend it.  Will try again.
Yun Nan Flavor Garden isn't anything special to look at. But neither are you, and we're not complaining. At least they make some of the best noodle dishes in the city; what good are you?While they are simply listed as "cold noodles" on the menu, this plain description belies the astonishingly flavorful combination of ground meat, cilantro, and peanuts served atop a hearty portion of perfectly slippery and tender rice noodles. The whole package is tied together by a vinegar-heavy broth that will leave you aching for more.This is the best summer dish in Brooklyn, and for a gigantic portion of deliciousness, it only costs $6.
Super legit Yunnan joint. Where else can you get legit Yunnan rice noodles in NYC? Flavorful broth, chewy noodles, considerably generous servings of meat.. you really get bang for your buck. Only drawback is its location - too damn far from the nearest train station.
This is the BEST cold noodles place in town! I would crave for their noodles almost every single day! The only downside is my commute here takes forever! The cold noodles are a mix of spicy, sour and sweet which are the perfect combination!
Come here for tasty noodles! I can't speak for the whole menu but I've had the cold noodles with spicy pork (a lot of reviews talk about this) and it is so good!!! I get this everytime I come here and it tastes so good on a hot/nice weather day! Also, the cucumbers (side dish) is so tasty as well! I am looking forward to trying more dishes here.Don't expect service to be good because it's Chinatown and they are known for cheap and good food. The restaurant is not super clean because again, it's Chinatown. Sometimes you will end up sitting with other people because they have only big tables and the restaurant is not super big. Overall, expect amazing food but don't expect good service.
First-timer for Yunnan cuisines. Definitely delicious but not as special as I thought it would be. Had the crossing bridge rice noodles. It's chicken broth based rice noodle with silkie, pork, bean sprouts. Ingredients come raw in small plates first, then they deliver hot broth to add the ingredients in for you. Rice noodle go in last. Good portion and I can imagine how wonderful having it during winter. Ordered side dish of Jew's ear with chili oil. $3.75 and that portion is bigggg. The service was ok. They don't smile that much but do provide everything you need and check in.
Wow wow wow. I grew up in this neighborhood and have been to so many of its restaurants, but I didn't realise what a gem this place was. My friend had suggested the Crossing the Bridge Noodle, which was HUGE! It was like a Chinese version of pho, with the raw meats coming on the side. The soup was a delicious clear broth, but one that wasn't my favourite. However, the minced beef cold noodle was AMAZING. That was a flavour I had never had before, and it was only $6/7. We also had the sweet/sour dumplings, but for a Chinese person they were just meh - I think it needed some leek/scallionI'm quite embarrassed I'm only now learning about this place as a local, but better late than never! Overall, I'm definitely going to come back because this is a local business and it's in my hood, but I hope it won't be crowdedly overrun by gentrifiers who are probably reading this...
I got the beef stew noodle soup and it's was pretty good! It's not a spot I would go out of way to try but if you're around the area, go for it. It won't hurt your wallet at $6-$8 for a big bowl of noodles.
I remember going to this place when it was a small little shack right by a bus stop along 8th avenue. Nice to know it is a legitimate sit down restaurant! They make delicious food here! As in "bring your friend who has come from a different country to try the food here because it is that good." Must get: Cold Noodles - One of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. Perfect for a summer night or just any warm day or just any day period. Tangy, savory, sweet and hearty all in one. My absolutely favorite. Spicy Wonton Dumplings with rice noodles: Boy is this good. Wonton are hearty and filled with meat - super fresh, delicious and just filling. A meal for two people? Less than 12 dollars. Worth every penny!
This is the spot for noodles in Brooklyn ! About 7 tables inside the restaurant, nothing fancy. You basically seat yourself wherever there is open seats. Mostly sharing the tables with other guests. Been here a couple of times now and I either order the dumpling rice noodles in hot and soup sauce ($5.75) or the crossing the bridge rice noodle ($9.50). I love the crossing the bridge rice noodle's soup broth, very flavorful !! The crossing the bridge rice noodles come with sliced chicken, quail egg, green onions, bean sprouts, tofu skin, black chicken and rice noodles. If you like vinegar then you'll probably like the dumpling rice noodles in hot and sour sauce. Plus side you don't have to tip. If you're craving for a hot bowl of noodles this is the spot to try !!
***Tipping is now required***I'm a big fan of rice noodle and have been eating here for years. This place was used to be a non-tipping restaurant and until recently I learned that tipping is required after the waitress demanding tips from me with bad attitude. They used to have this "nontipping" sign posted outside the restaurant and I guess it has been taken off not long ago. Unlike most of the tipping restaurant, servers find you seats, serve you water, and bring the check to your table. None of this happens here. They used to have good customer service (few years ago when most of the servers are high school students/college students), but here is what happened yesterday. I finished my food and walk up to the counter. The total was $17.75 and I paid $20. The cashier/waitress asked me whether I need change and I said yes. She then became offensive and asked me whether I see the "nontipping" sign posted outside and lied to me that tipping has been a long practice in this place. If the waitress would have notified me in the first place, even they are not providing the services most tipping restaurants are giving, I'd happy to tip them. To sum up, Will I come back for the food? Yes. Will I pay them extra tips? No.
Hot and sour dumpling soup was great! Nice broth that was tangy with medium heat, and a nice balance of sour. The dumpling were great, the dough was not too thin, not too thick. I did try the crossing bridge noodle soup with the northern Chinese black chicken. The chicken did not taste much different then a regular chicken would, maybe a bit leaner. The soup was huge even for me and the broth was lacking flavor. I ended up transferring the noodles into the hot and sour soup broth, and left about the quarter of the soup due to it's lack of flavor and the lacl of room i had in my stomach. I'm sure they have other things that are mich better though.
Solid crossing bridge noodle (guo qiao mi xian). Tastes pretty good, though my opinion is biased since I have only had this one other time in LA and of course in Yunnan. Girlfriend likes the zha jiang mian. Tried the spicy wontons, also tastey. Price point is great, comfort isn't amazing, not a fan of sitting with other people at the table. Overall this place is extremely tastey, and arguably authentic, for the price point.
I used to get lunch here when I worked in the area, and I remember enjoying it so I decided to come back for old times' sake.Service here was what you would expect from restaurants in this area. Nothing phenomenal, took a while before the waitress came to take our order.I got the beef stew with rice noodle. Ultimately, it was such a disappointment.The dish as a whole was very salty, and in terms of "mala", it was way more "ma" (numb) than "la" (spicy). In fact, it was barely spicy! The beef stew was not tender enough, and kind of dry too, if that's possible.My friend got that crossing bridge noodle dish, which he said was overrated. He didn't think it was that good, and he thought that his dish was too salty and "ma".Not sure if that day was just an off day for the establishment or if the food quality went down. :(
My recent experience here begs the question:  Should you try to recreate a cherished food memory?Years ago, we often ate at Yun Nan's original location (Yun Nan Flavour Snack), esconsed in a space 1/10 the size of Kim Kardashian's shoe closet.  We were willing to overlook these claustrophobia-inducing and let's just say, less than aesthetic dining conditions for the love of noodles and hot & sour dumplings.  The latter, in particular, were a favorite.Flash forward to the present when a five star review from Peter D. reminds me that I have been meaning to check out this new (ish) venture.  Relatively speaking, the current space is practically palatial, but the aesthetics still don't impress. (You have been warned.) As for the food....  Sigh.  I wanted to love every bite.  On the positive side, the Hot & Sour Dumplings were almost as good as I'd remembered, though perhaps a bit less heady and bold in flavor.  And the Noodles with Spicy Meat Sauce evoked an Asian Spaghetti Bolognese; a good thing if you ask me.  Alas, however, the broth for the Beef Stew was utterly bland, yet managed to leave an off-putting aftertaste.  And the Cold Noodles, another once-beloved dish for us, simply did not shout "astonishingly flavorful," as Peter D. describes. While we were dining, the friendly owner, who operates this place along with his wife, nodded a warm hello to hubby and I with a look of recognition.  I think he remembered us from years ago.  In that instant, I felt like yeah, maybe you actually can go back again.  But back in reality, I will probably return, though only to double an order of those Hot & Sour Dumplings.
Noodle is good but the service is horrible , I have to pay at the front desk which no one seem to bring my check for me and there was no water for me so I don't give a tip . I been there for so many time only this time the lady ask me for a tip , ok fine.. bye!
This is an update from the last review... Although the food is good.. the service is the most horrible service i've received, & ive been coming for over a year.Ny boyfriend and i have been waiting for someone to simply come check up on us and get our check and also to get our dumplings to go. These two ladies just sit on their phone in the front and don't pay attention to anything. We believe that since he boss isn't there, they think they're in charge of everything and even their nasty attitude. My boyfriend brought the bowl up to the front to get it to go because it seems like they were coming any time soon and they gave us the nastiest attitude. After we paid i was waiting for my dumplings and one of the girls( the skinnier one) forgot to put our dumplings to go and started to give attitude again saying we said that we didn't want it. When did we say we didn't want it ?? She then proceeds to grab gloves and go pick up the dumplings from where she threw them out and give to us. We simply left the dumplings at the front desk and left. Never coming back although the food here is my absolute favorite but the service is nasty.
I like the dish favor but cannot stand with the cashier or waiter asking customer to pay tips. We can pay tips if u guys really did something. Beside u help to order, there is nothing u guys did, even picking up menu by ourselves. It is NOT easy to earn money like this way. Never visit again!
The noodles were definitely something that is new to me. Being from California I'm surrounded by Pho restaurants so when I landed in NYC I wanted something spicy And soupy. I tried this place and the food is about 4.5. The owner came by with a free bowl of spicy mince beef noodles so our table could try it. I thought that was pretty cool and he gave really good customer service.
Not worth it. Had the crossing the bridge noodle with fish. That raw fish mix with the broth just made it uneatable. Super Fishy. Had 2 bite and discard. No service, everything is diy except for the mixing of the noodle and broth. Had to ask for ice water and got warm water that tasted funky. Is it cheap? Not really. 11.50 for a bowl of big noodles is not that cheap. It's rather expensive if you only gets 2 bites of food. Then they expect tip. I left little over 10%
This is probably my favorite cold noodle spot in the tri-state area. It's cheap, delicious, and really spicy which is enjoyable. This is always my first stop when arriving in Brooklyn Chinatown.
Amazing amazing broth. U dont get that msg after taste with so many of the soup noodles.
We ordered the noodle soup w braided chicken and the hot and sour dumpling soup. Chicken soup was about a 6/10. Nothing special and the chicken had kind of a "Chinatown" taste to it. I don't know how to explain, but if you're more used to "American" Chinese food, then you won't like the flavor. The hot and sour dumpling soup was great. 9/10. Delicious. Dumplings were soft and flavorful and the broth was amazing. The place looks like a dump, but there were locals eating there and the price is right. Go for the hot and sour dumpling soup. It's a little bit spicy and it's really good. Eat up rudeboi!
sour dumpling soup is incredible. the cold noodle is great on a hot day. They've only gotten better since they moved to this location.
Solid stuff with fairly monstrous portions. The crossing the bridge noodle broth is delicious! It reminds me of hu tieu's pork broth but with a lot more white pepper and something deliciously cloying in the back of your mouth. The cold noodles aren't bad and do taste different than cold noodles from other parts of china, but not so much more so that I think you need to go out of your way to try it.Anyways the broth is the star of the show and you should get it.
They make a good bowl of Yunnan noodles, service wise, sometimes it's self serve..  Excellent excellent noodles and cold dishes for the price.
No. 15 Noodle with the spicy meat sauce is one of the best renditions of the dish I have ever eaten.Don't expect much, the place is bare and they let the food speak for them.
Been wanting to try this place. It's alright. The crossing bridge noodle is a really light and bland soup. Not at all tasty. Very very bland and light. A bit medicinal and herbal tasting. Comes with slices of chicken and black chicken some tofu skin chives and beam sprouts. I found it extremely bland and boring. Probably wouldn't come back. $9.50 for a bowl.
Hands down my favorite rice noodle - probably not just in US. The original chicken soup rice noodle is really out of the world. I miss it a lot even if I was in China. The soup was so delicious and the black chicken, omg, i wish I could have a half bowl of it. I don't think other rice noodle places in NYC could even compare to this place, especially in terms of the original cross bridge (?) rice noodle.
Go get the Crossing the Bridge Noodle Soup!!!It should be the main reason you should come here. This noodle soup is the BIGGEST bowl of noodles you will ever have. Yes I can guarantee it unless you can prove me wrong. When you order it, you can get the plain, fillets, or beef/lamb. We ordered the fillet, which was chicken and fish fillets. The ingredients comes out separately. First came out the fillets and the plate of egg, bean spouts, scallions, and tofu skin. Next came out the already cooked noodles. Final part is the boiling hot bowl of chicken stock soup with the chicken.The staff will make the dish for you in front of you. First the egg goes in first. Second the fillets go in. Third the bean spouts, tofu skin, and scallions. Finally the bowl of noodles and chicken. All that makes one huge bowl of noodle soup. It's almost like hot pot because they put all the ingredients into a hot bowl of soup stock and let all the ingredients cook.The soup itself is very tasty. The noodles, which are a little thick, soaks up the flavor of the soup nicely. This is the type of noodle soup where it isn't a fatty dish to have. Great noodle soup!!Another dish we got was the hot and sour dumpling soup. Definitely hot. Had a little bit of a sour taste. There was some spiciness in it. I like the scallions and cilantro which gives it more depth and taste. The dumplings itself was very good. Definitely think the restaurant makes it themselves. I like this dish.Overall this is a great place to try especially when it is cold outside. The noodles are a must try. Definitely better than a bowl of pho.
Ordered pork intestine rice noodles and lamb/beef rice noodle mix. The beef/lamb mix was amazing... The spices in the soup made it great.
Oh my cheap and delicious noodles and wonton's. The cold noodles with ground beef were excellent and so were the sweet and sour wontons.  This place is not for the decor or experience, it is for the super flavorful cheap food. A foodie favorite.
Absolutely appreciate  this place. It is amazing. The staff are super friendly, enthusiastic about their jobs and very attentive. The food always comes out quickly. The goodies is amazing. Everything tastes fresh and authentic. The dumplings are awesome. Also love the pork spring rolls and cucumber  salad. So so yummy. Love that you can go here for an awesome, fuss free dinner that is a reasonable price and always have awesome service and food!
Small little restaurant that serves the most delicious noodles in sunset park. When it's summer time I will always order the cold rice noodle: a sweet and sour sauce with fried mince meat. Will definitely keep you cool for the hot weatherIn the winter I will always order the crispy meat sauce rice noodle. This noodle is addictive with its deep flavored broth. Makes you feel all cozy in the winter time.For a side dish, I will order the wontons in the hot and sour soup. Extra protein, usually one noodle isn't enough for me :)I lost count of the times I have eaten here. I always end up sharing a table here but the food is just too bomb. Even if this place has a C rating I would still eat here.
Woots! Crossing Bridge Rice Noodles! Rice noodle soups are their greatest strength here!  This is a real hidden gem in Brooklyn and what makes it so special. This is most definitely worth the travels for it. No Chinese necessary. All you need to do is point! Crossing Bridge Noodle is a presentation of a different way to eat your noodles. This is what they are famous for. The idea here is that the servers present you this dish with the fresh ingredients like rice noodles, pork, fish, tofu skin, chives, bean sprouts, and a huge bowl of very hot broth. The server will actually put each ingredient into the hot broth to cook it right in front of you. I would describe this as to where hot pot and pho cross. Hot Pot being putting fresh ingredients into cooking and pho being its a bowl of rice noodle soup topped with fresh ingredients still being cooked. The broth is chicken based and it tastes home made and really good! It is the type of broth where you put the entire chicken into the hot boiling water for hours to produce. Crispy Pork Rice Noodle Soup was perhaps my favorite rice noodle soup here. Generous amount of marinated pig intestines and pork meat make up the salty broth which I found so flavorful and so amazing!  The silky rice noodles itself is a bit of a difficulty because it is so slippery, so don't be shy and ask for a fork! Eat with confidence! A-Rating (Not that matters to me anyway!) as of 07/05/2015!
This is a quaint little restaurant tucked into the quickly developing Chinatown in Sunset Park. It feels like stepping back into a side street in China, where you get a small, family run vibe and some really delicious Yunnan food, Which there isn't much of in NYC.
if you don't mind the environment, the cold noodles is definitely worth a try.
Hands down one of the best Asian noodle restaurant I've been to. Been with them since high school. It used to be on a different block and move here. They have been recognized on village voice for their noodles. I recommend this place to all my friends. The portions are huge considering the price is cheap and affordable. Their broth is so flavorful and tasty. Haven't changed all these years. Very casual place so just walk in and find a table. All the utensils are in the middle of the table. Drinks are in the front so grab anything and let them know. My favorite is the beef lamb crossing bridge and cold rice noodle on a cold winter day. If you want a peppercorn soup base go for the crossing bridge. The waitresses will help you dunk the sliced meat into the hot broth and cook itself. Very similar to pho except theres a small quail egg yolk added. I don't know why but I love how the spiciness makes your tongue feel numb. Gotta have good chopsticks skills because those noodles are slippery. The cold rice noodles is perfect for the summer because it's refreshing. It has a vinegary flavor with powerful cilantro taste. It's a bit spicy but goes real well with the sweet grounded beef. Cucumbers are a nice appetizer to start with. Just a heads up the taste will linger on your tongue throughout the day because everything is very pungent. So beware, your love ones may reject your kisses. Well at least you'd be satisfied and walking out with a full belly. Cash only so bring enough on you before you come. And don't be surprised if you see me there on a typical weekend.
Cheap go to play for noodles and dumplings and rice cake! Tried noodles and rice cake and they were good. Dumplings were okay so definitely recommend the rice cake and noodles.
This place seems to be the only Yun Nan noodles in the city as far as I know. For appetizer we had Four Mein(pig ears, pig tongues, ox sinews, ox tendons). I loved it and also the sauce that came with it. I ordered crossing bridge noodles with fillet. The broth with fillet was chicken broth, light and savory. The one with beef/lamb tasted heavier and a little numbing. I liked my broth a lot. There were also black chicken came with the noodle which was great! Other than that I was not impressed. Dropping one star because the menu is misleading. It says fillet but actually has half plate of fish filet and half plate of pork. The pork was very hard to chew so I left all in my large bowl. Fish and black chicken were good though.Be careful of the portion. It is huge!
I've heard strong recommendations from various people but maybe I am just not a big fan of Yunnan rice noodles. The portion was very big. The ingredients were different. I had the fish one and my husband ordered the beef and lamb one. The fish soup tasted better.
I love cold noodles of all form.  These cold noodles are the BEST I've ever had in the US.  They're so good that I crave them all the time.
I've been coming here since I was a child. Their original location was at 48th St. That place was really tiny but still their business was through the roof!! My parents had always come back when it's late night. I have never finished the soup base because I think it's salty and my taste buds are really plain. I usually ask them to put the spicy sauce on the side because when they do it, it's really spicy and I'm just a beginner spice eater. I also found a new favorite. It's the hot and sour soup wontons. I have always loved wontons and to try this was another level of tasty. As for noodles, I've always gotten the minced pork soup noodle. Now that I'm typing this review, I kind of want one. Maybe tomorrow!!
We had the crossing the bridge with fillet and beef stew noodles, cucumber salad and dumplings. The greatest thing is the crossing bridge noodles! The broth was so yummy, not a lot of flavor but it's good. The fish fillet is so silky. The rest of the food was good too and everything's cheap.
For less than seven dollars, you are served a giant bowl of delectable noodle of choice speciality from YunNan province. Flavourful varieties of spice mix with meat, noodle varieties and hearty soup broth.If you are feeling extra hungry, do try their Hot and Sour Dumplings, once again portioned for sharing. Feeling adventurous? Don't be afraid to share some of their well seasoned quality (novice leveled) appetizers.Service are quick, just be slightly patient with the food prep time, especially for their famous Crossing Bridge Noodles. A peek into the lively kitchen reveals how owner lady really knows what she's dealing with, plus lots of hearts. I am in love.
"Crossing The Bridge Rice Noodle with Fillet" was delicious. The portion size was great.The service was bare-minimum, short of me walking into the kitchen myself.But a giant dead cockroach just chilling on the floor ruined it.
4 stars goes to their spicy wonton with rice noodles... After you replace it with pho noodles :) The wonton are more sour than spicy at certain times (I guess due to the vinegar). I never get tired of slurping up the soup.Service here is a mad house, the waitress usually speaks a little English because there are more non-Asian customers trying the place out (usually with a Chinese accomplice). I haven't bother trying the crossing the bridge dishes because I rather get pho, but the appetizers they have here like the seaweed salad is definitely a worth try. It's not your typical Japanese seaweed salad and uses a different kind of seaweed that's wide and crunchy.It's a jewel in the hole type of place, where I can enjoy my lunch with a drink for under $7.
Great noodles but I love their hot and sour dumplings they are awesome. I never really dined in so I can't say much about their service. During lunch hour it can take a bit longer to get your food but still worth the wait
Despite the big fat "C" rating, I decided to come back anyway. This time, I bought enough people to fill up one of their round tables. The last time I was here was about a month ago, and when I got to the door today, I surprisingly noticed a shiny blue colored "A" rating! Yay!I wanted to see how their dumplings actually taste like so I went for their Dumplings in Clear Soup instead of the Dumpling with Hot and Sour Sauce this time. The pork filling in the delicate dumpling skin was so amazing--plumped, juicy, flavorful, oh so tender.Instead of the Crossing Bridge Noodles, I went for the noodles thinking that they were smaller in portions, think again! The bowls were almost as big as the Crossing Bridge, still something that needs to be shared! The smell of the fried pork fat in the Rice Noodle with Crispy Meat Sauce was so savory, the tender pieces of pork intestine was chewy, and fatty, in a good way. The plate of the Mixed Lu Mien was scrumptious, a must have at the table.Coming back again and again for more, especially for their dumplings!
Niche hole in the wall-ish restaurant serving various  rice noodle specialities. Best bang for your buck with large portion soups. The cold noodles are my favorite.
Yun Nan Flavor Garden's dumplings with rice noodles in hot and sour sauce is possibly one of the best things I've eaten in my life--the dumplings are tender and springy on the outside and fatty, porky, and juicy on the inside. The vinegary broth is flecked with roasted chili bits and chili oil pools around scallions and cilantro leaves and stems. Get the noodles too for added carby happiness. The price has recently increased (by 50 cents) and the portion size has decreased (not really a bad thing because you will continue to eat these dumplings until they are gone, way past the point of being full), but at $5.75 it's still a pretty good deal. Also delicious is the Crossing the Bridge Soup, the raw ingredients--meat, tofu skins, quail egg, scallions, cilantro--mixed at your table into a rich hot chicken broth, noodles added just after. At around $10, this is the most expensive item on the menu.I love to order the cold noodles in summer--crispy ground meat on top of rice noodles with cilantro, coriander seeds, peanuts, and a salty, vinegary sauce you mix in with the noodles. And try the cucumbers. I've taken professed cucumber-haters here and they have raved about this salad. Expect to share a table with others, and be prepared to wait a while for your food if the restaurant is busy. Oh, and cash only. It's all worth it! If only they delivered.
Despite its good reviews, it was very quiet when I came here on a Saturday night. I've tried it once a couple of years ago and it was nothing special. However, this time I had dried noodles ($5.50) and it is to die for. Never had anything like that before in all my years of experience with Chinese food. If your unsure of what to get, get that!!! I will definitely be back for more:
This place serves authentic Chinese cuisine and the flavors are so bold ! The noodles are hand pulled and the soup base is delicious
I moved from Brooklyn to Queens and have yet to find another noodle spot as perfect as Yunnan. The Beef Stew Rice Noodle is a dream come true. The most perfectly bouncy noodles in the whole damn world. The broth (I get mine spicy) is so so delicious.  Sigh.
I came here at least once in every two weeks. It is one of the best noodle places in Brooklyn at very reasonable priced. I went here to have their famous crossing bridge noodle because I fell in love with it when I tried the dish in China.I also loved the beef stew noodle. The food was so addicting. Definitely be back.
Been wanting to find a good noodle spot in Brooklyn and think this place might be it. I got their beef stew noodle soup, soup was amazing and the beef stew was just perfect in every bite. The portions are quite large here. Anyways, I'll be back!
This is one of my favorite places to eat whenever I crave for spicy noodles. It's a small place located on 8th ave with extremely affordable prices. Although some of the servers don't speak much English, they're still very friendly and helpful. I've tried many of their noodle soups given that I am a HUGE fan of noodle soups. My all time favorites are:Crossing Bridge noodle soup: Served in a very large bowl (enough for 2) Light broth, comes w/ black chicken, quail eggs, sliced pork & side of bean sprouts. Rice stick noodle with spicy meat sauce: I usually do this as a dry noodle. W/ the soup on the side because mixing the noodles and meat together is still very flavorful. Wonton in hot & sour soup is definitely worth trying. I believe it's about 10 dumplings in an order. It's spicy, sour, & filling. Pickled cucumber: I am a fan of cucumber so cucumber w/ chili is definitely a plus! Go ahead... all you noodle lovers give this place a TRY!
One of my favorite noodle places in this area, one of its kind and the best of its kind. Yun Nan Crossing-the-Bridge noodles are presented in a unique way, they give you a steaming hot bowl of broth, it may seem simple but full of flavor, you get to choose your toppings, I always do fish filet, the server then pours the filet into the broth, it cooks just like that! Then they'd add the quail egg, bean sprouts and chicken or pork. At the end, you get your noodles in the bowl, there comes your delicious meal.It's a huge bowl of white noodles, the fish filet is always tender, the broth which I never drink is so clear but so flavorful. Some of my friends claim that it's full of msg, but it's still great. I've tried this in Yun Nan several times, this is definitely on par.
Awesome place, dirty hole in the wall but the noodles are crazy good. Yun Nan cuisine that can't be found (I think) in Manhattan. Crossing the Bridge is what to get, with your choice of meat/protein.  Best meal around BK Chinatown for $10!
Just awesome.  The soups are incredible. Don't forget to bring cash. Very affordable but cash only
The worst place I have ever been to. The worst waitress I have ever seen. I lost all my appetite after I see the way they serve their food.
I LOVE this place!!!You can see my video review here...youtube.com/watch?v=2lHW…I'm gonna throw some words at you...Crossing the Bridge Noodle Soup. Don't know what that is?(find out from my video)  No problem, go and order it from that place!!!! Do it now! Stop reading this and go try it, cause life is just slipping by. Oh! also get the dry version...you must! Trust this Asian uber foodie!
The food was ok, but service attitude is really not nice. The waitress yelled at my colleague's mom, criticizing her for asking twice what the meat in the crossing-bridge-noodle is. Not a service you expect when going to Korean or Western restaurants.
Been coming here since they we're small shop in other location.   Don't  know if they changed owner recently,  here right now and cashier she's wearing g a striped shirt is sooooo rude.   Took my order reluctantly then she she digive me change but gave change to person after me I asked her nicely and she said what are you rushing for,  can't you see I'm  busy?   Mind you,  I spoke to her in very nicely.   I responded that I'm  not rushing you,  just thought you forgot.   She said something under her breath and grunted at me!! Her name is Wendy , found out cause other waitress saw me waiting & asked what I ordered.   Turned out she left my order sitting around & nicer girl said something to her.   People like "Wendy" should stay home!!!
I honestly came here because my friend wanted to try this place out. When I got in, the guy asked me how many people and I said 2. He lead me to a big round table and putted 2 menus down. Like a previous review, water wasn't offer. I did see other customers walked to the front to grab drinks. Maybe it's a self serve thing? Anyway, I got #20. It was good. I was hoping for thicker pig intestines. It was really thin. I like the noodles. It was good. By the way, this place is cash only.
With the best Yunnan rice noodle in the area, and it's not expensive here. The only bad thing is that most of the time, you need to share table with others.
This is one of my favorite places on Eighth Avenue.They are famous for their 'crossing the bridge noodles' set. Order any of these three options and you will receive a large piping hot bowl filled with soul filling chicken soup. Careful, its so hot the chef will carry the bowl out with thick-Breaking-Bad-ish rubber gloves. First, the servers will ceremoniously place paper- thin-uncooked-pork slices, soy skin, bean sprouts and tender juicy pieces of black chicken into boiling hot bowl. Secondly, enters a cracked quail egg. Lastly, rice noodles will enter the Jacuzzi of soup. I've seen many people experience this soup for the first time and I wished I recorded all their reactions. Widening eyes, gasps, then rapid inhalation and slurping while exclaiming 'I want to to sell this product! Why don't they have a franchise in Flushing!' is one of my favorites. And for the price, you wonder how you are so lucky to eat these noodles again and again.
The stars here are the crossing bridge noodles which are good, and certainly a unique experience to try - this place does it well. The hot and sour dumplings are also satisfying and well made.The other rice noodle soups we tried (beef stew, spare rib) were just okay - nothing to write home about, but not bad either. None of the tables were served beverages ... not sure what was going on. Asked for drinks and was told that nothing in the fridge was cold. So every table that we saw seated only had food, and no drinks - not even water ...
Great price for good quality food.I came here awhile ago and had the crossing the bridge noodles - good taste with meat and especially broth made from special "black" chicken (a more expensive free range chicken Yun Nan is known for apparently). The soup comes out at a very high temperature (sometimes via microwave though as I saw while going to the bathroom here) and as mentioned in other reviews the chef comes out to prepare everything for you.The cold noodles here were delicious - my favorite order we had at this restaurant. The noodles had a good texture and the meat a sweet vinegar taste that went well with the seasoning and nuts.The noodles here are not home made according to the waitress we had (appreciate the honesty) but the food was good quality.Beef noodle soup was good but not fantastic. Generous portion and tasty broth though I craved for some home made udon type noodles when I have beef noodle soup.All in all when considering the great price at this restaurant and the fact that the food quality and quantity was on par with much more expensive noodle restaurants I have been to ie) Myung dong noodle house in Fort Lee, this place deserves its props.
How can something be hot and cold at the same time? Katy Perry would be proud of Yun Nan Flavor Garden for this. Their cold noodles are basically a slap to your taste buds. It's the kind of spicy that it hurts yet it feels so good. I couldn't stop slurping for more. It reminds me of Szechuan Dan Dan noodles, they're both a similar level of spiciness and the noodles are quite alike. For around $5, you can't get any better than this. I recommend getting it to go and eating it in the comforts of your own home. But if you're okay with hole - in - a - wall kind of places, then dining in is no problem.If you speak mandarin it helps, but they speak passable english.
I love my share of no frills restaurants that serve damn good food. This is one of my go-to's.Go for the "crossing the bridge" noodle soup (any of them, you can't go wrong) and bring your appetite. The huge ceramic bowl is heated itself , so the soup and its contents stay hot longer. I enjoy my noodle soups piping hot so that's a really nice touch. The soup is peppery, hearty, and extremely tasty. If you want to feast, have the wontons in hot sauce, as well as an assortment of cold vegetable dishes. There's too many goods ones to list them.If not, go in, eat a bowl of noodles, be out and on your way. Simple as that.
When I first moved to the Fort Hamilton area Yun Nan Flavor Garden was the gem that kept me coming back.  The Crossing The Bridge Noodle is my favorite and it's made up of Silkie (black chicken) broth that is so silky and hearty that it just warms you heart.  The staff brings out a small dish of a quail eggs, thinly sliced pork, and little pieces of black chicken.  Then they add their plump strands of precooked rice noodles.  I've not had anything like it anywhere else in New York.If you're in the neighborhood, definitely check this out.
Amazing place!! There noodles are great I always order noodles with crispy meat sauce. It's a great place for afternoon lunch or quick dinner. The service is also great. I've been to the store so many times I can't even count. I also think this store is for everyone I saw a lot of good views online and I think it's one of he great restaurants in 8th ave
One of my favorite casual eating spots. Helps a lot if you like spicy. Rice noodles w/ spicy meat sauce and noodle with lamb stew are favorites. Flavorful broth, generous portions and nice spicy heat. Great value, but it's the food that keeps me coming back.
Do yourself the favor and make your way over here. If you're in Manhattan, take the train over; if you're in Flushing, take a Chinatown shuttle. Brooklyn Chinatown in general doesn't seem to be as exciting as the other two, but this place is definitely a centerpiece of this area. You might be able to get the 过桥米线 bridge noodles in a food court in say Flushing, but the way that this restaurant makes and serves them is legit. A good number of raw ingredients go into a huge bowl of hot soup, and you can watch everything cook in front of you. It really is big--I don't think I could finish this unless I were starving. If sharing with someone else, get the spicy and sour dumplings to go with it--nice and thin dumpling skin, lots of meat inside, and the soup that they come in is awesome.Service leaves a bit to be desired--no one really greeted us at the door, so we sat ourselves down at a table. No one came over to clean and water seems to not be offered. I'm sure these issues would have been rectified if we bothered to ask though.
Cold noodles is the best dish, better than everything else.  We came by one night for cheap eats, and we found it.  Great food, cheap prices, quick service and your mouth doesn't taste like MSG.  Cold noodles, get it.
Came here and tried something different than the crossing bridge noodles that I had the first time. Got the cold noodles and was so impressed. I love the sweet and sour flavor of the minced meat sauce mixed with perfectly cooked rice noodles. It's a combination made in heaven. I wish there was more meat with the sauce but this is a really refreshing noodle dish and I crave it on a weekly basis. Skip the crossing bridge noodles as they're only decent and go straight for the cold noodles.
unique noodle soup spot that you don't see anywhere else.Love their specialties, like cross-bridge series and the spicy noodle soups.Too bad it's bad away from where I live now or else I would go there once a week.There, don't expect a fancy decor or attentive services, it's like a local spot you would see in China.  All they care is providing you yummy food and go about your days.Would recommend you.
Never judge a book by its cover for sure.  You walk into this restaurant and it looks either run down or a place that's being closed. You seat yourself where ever there is an open seat.  I was brought here cause their spicy dumplings and their beef stew noodles were recommended. And I have to say for sure that both dishes did not disappoint.  There's a lot of flavor and if you love spicy yep the dumpling are on point.  If you're freezing this place will warm up your tummy and you'll leave happy, but there's no heat
Yunnan is a southwestern Chinese province bordering of Myanmar, Laos, and Vietnam, and they specialize in wonderfully chewy, white rice noodles served in large bowls of rich broth with cilantro and fiery hot sauce.Having been a devout customer at their original location on 49th St. for years, I am happy to see that their business expanded but their noodle soup are as tasty as ever. In fact, the same chef/owner is running the kitchen, and this is all for the best: a larger space means more chances to sit down to savor their wonderful dishes.Most cold appetizers are around $3. The cold sliced cucumber salad was an excellent (and refreshing!) way to start our meal.Our first choice for noodle soup was a new item on their menu: Crossing the Bridge rice noodles ($8.75). This is described as "the most famous dish of Yunnan". Ingredients are delivered to the table raw, and then added to the bowl with piping hot light bone broth directly at your table. They include tofu skin, bean sprouts, Chinese chive, sliced chicken, large pieces of squab, a quail egg and, of course, the silky white noodles. The overall flavor of the broth is delicate, and you may want to season it with chili oil (and perhaps some vinegar too). Be advised that the bowl is the size of a kitchen sink...Next, we had the noodle with crispy meat sauce ($5.50). Flour noodles were served with round slices of crispy pig intestine and pork meat. This was a deliciously satisfying noodle soup: the noodles were firm and chewy, the broth rich an tasty, the meat wonderfully crunchy on the outside and very tender on the inside. I absolutely loved this dish.I'm also happy to see they still serve on of my favorite dishes: House-made cold rice noodles with ground pork, roasted peanuts chili oil, vinegar and soy sauce ($5.50). The dumplings with hot and sour sauce are also another great choice ($5.25).-----------------Side note about service:If I could give them an extra star for service  and bring their rating to 6 stars, I would: during my visit there a very annoying customer insisted that she did not want to pay for the dish she ordered because she thought it was a different dish.Yep: the dish she got was the one she ordered, and she wanted it for free. She was loud and obnoxious, and eventually the chef/owner came out of the kitchen to talk to her. Kudos to her and the waitstaff for keeping their cool in dealing with this awful customer.
Omg I love the sweet and sour dumplings. I remember when I was in after school in 8th ave and I went to their older location for those delicious dumplings. Prices have gone up since then and the space is a lot bigger now but the food is still delicious. My friend from california loved it as well!
Cold noodle is out of this world on hot summer days!Hot and sour dumping soup totally tickled my palates!
This is their Signature dish " crossing bridge noodle soup " , it consist of chicken , raw pork meat, sprouts beans , raw egg and scallion. Served with noodle. The soup base is very tasty but I'd also say it's very MSG heavy! I'd still recommend this place but after eating it I felt like I need to chug a gallon of water cause it was so salty!!
Crossing the bridge noodle is really good!! Definitely worth a try. But the server is really rude. She ha no patient and doesn't smile when we first came into the restaurant. Food 9.5/10. Service 4/10
I come here quite often for lunch and every time it is fantastic. The food is prepared quickly and service is prompt. This is a very casual place, so I wouldn't expect to come in, have your own table, chat with the waiter about the menu and so on. Go in, sit down anywhere, look at the menu and order - no nonsense.I kept seeing recommendations for the Spicy Meat Sauce and Crispy Meat Sauce, so when I went my first time I pointed at the Spicy Meat Sauce. It was incredible. I soon went back and got it again, but the meal was totally different. I figured I had made a mistake and ordered the wrong thing, or there was some mix-up in the kitchen, but I wasn't worried since what I got was still delicious. I returned a third time and had the same experience, where is my Spicy Meat Sauce?! On my 4th or 5th time returning, two other people at my table had the dish that I had had that first day, so I asked for what they were having and then afterwards inquired what exactly it was. Apparently the first time I had pointed a bit low on the menu and ordered the Lu Mein instead of the Spicy Meat Sauce, and I'm glad I did. I vastly prefer the Lu Mein. There is a better meat to noodle ratio, and the pieces are smaller so you don't have to decide "Am I going to eat noodles or meat on this bite".10/10 would Lu Mein again.
I'm confused, as there are a couple of listings on Yelp for this place and I reviewed their small shop a couple times in the past and my reviews are gone.Love that they have moved from that too-tiny shop to a great size real restaurant!The hot and sour soup dumpling soup was delicious as always.. nice to see some things never change!  Huge portion, too.   Lamb soup with rice noodles was pretty good but we both agreed- hot n sour was tastier!
This is the new (and improved) location of the heralded Yun Nan Flavor Snack. Now featuring a chandelier hanging from the ceiling, the old dishes at $0.75 more, and an expanded menu including a Crossing the Bridge Noodle Soup, this once snack shack is now a full fledged garden restaurant. The menu still doesn't have much description though, plus the wait staff can barely explain the ingredients in English, but you can't really go wrong ordering anything on the menu. The tables are all communal, so you get a chance to take a peek at what others are eating around you. I only had the opportunity to try the Crossing the Bridge Noodle Soup, which was delicious. It was a hot, chicken broth with the noodles and ingredients on the side. According to Yun Nan tradition, you mix the soup and ingredients after it is served. The ingredients included lai fun noodles, scallions, seaweed, tofu skin, black chicken, and very thinly sliced pork. A bit pricey at $8.75, but everything was very good quality (and you could see exactly what you were eating, unlike some of the other snack dishes). We also added the spicy meat noodle soup to our order later. However, 15 minutes later, still nothing was served, and the table that had arrived after us was already paying the bill. We figured they had forgotten to put in the order, which proved to be true when we went up to the cash register to pay. Minus one star for service. Oh well, next time...
The food at Yun Nan Flavor Garden is fabulous! I only give 4 stars because I had a tough time communicating with the waitress to understand what was in each of the dishes. I highly recommend Crossing the Bridge Noodles, which comes as a series of plates of raw ingredients and then is all combined at your table into a bowl of steaming broth. The dumplings in hot and sour sauce are also amazing, as are the cold rice noodles (they come with ground meat, vegetables, and a spicy sauce).
Finally I found a good place for yunnan noodle. Ingredients are fresh, and they don't put lots of msg in the soup which is very outstanding.
Relatively spacious restaurant off 8th Avenue right in the Northern portion of the Brooklyn Chinatown, Yunnan Flavor Garden offers a very unique cuisine not often found in the Chinatowns of the East Coast. Most of the time, you get pretty white-washed Cantonese food, a sprinkling of Hunan, and nowadays a fair bit of Sichuan. You rarely find the food typical of many other provinces of China. Located in the very Southwest portion of China, Yunnan is very close historically and gastronomically to Vietnam and Myanmar. Rice noodles are the default and many of the noodle soups look very reminiscent of pho. We had many versions of the famed Crossing Bridge noodles and found it to be quite delicious and worthwhile. I would definitely come back again.
The noodles are authentic and delicious. Got here late on a Saturday night. Not very busy but the food was good. Started with the hot and sour dumplings. Perfect Heat to sweet ratio. Then the rice noodles with lamb. The beef my friend had was better. The only thing that threw the meal off for me was the meat/broth. It tasted as though the meat wasn't cleaned well before preparation. A hint of something not very good lingering in the aftertaste turned the meal off for me.
So, I haven't eaten at a Szechaun place before, so I don't really have a reference point, but  the fillet cross over bridge noodles were delicious, and great value for money.After reading the reviews, I kind of wish I'd eaten it there, since apparently they cook it in front of you, but I took it home. It took half an hour to get home (stupid subway) and my food was still hot when I arrived. They had premixed everything, but given me a HUGE portion- easily 2 or 3 meals, and it was delicious.Exactly the kind of soup you need for a cold rainy night, when you feel like you might be getting sick.Get a side of the spicy oil in pop in the soup. AMAZING.
Best yunnan rice noodle in New York City area. Wish they'd open a store in Manhattan so I don't have to travel so far just for a bowl of noodle.
I LOVEEEEEE szechuan cuisine. It might actually be my favorite cuisine to date, because of how spicy the food can be.I had high hopes for this place because the price for the noodles come pretty cheap at less than 6 for most options, and the reviews were good for a Szechuan restaurant. I ordered 3 noodles to go while I was stopping by the area to run some errands.I ordered the noodle with crispy meat sauce for myself, and a braised pork noodle, and a third noodle with beef stew for my friends. I tasted all three of them, and they all toasted okay. Definitely worth a try, but it was nothing I would come back into the area just to get again. And normally sze chuan food is famous for the spice, but none of the noodles were tickling my taste buds.Overall, definitely good for the price. The flavor was not bad.The service was okay, it took around 15-25 mins.
I took a star off because the place looked unsanitary. Utensils are uncovered, in containers on the table. Not disposable, plastic ones. I don't know how long they've been sitting there or if other customers have been playing with them. There's no way to clean them unless you order water and clean them yourself at the table. Generous portions and worth every penny. Rice Noodles with Crispy Meat Sauce-very salty-served hot-lots of noodles and soup-too few crispy bits for my liking-nice amount of pork and fresh cilantroHot and Sour Wontons -they're not really wontons? You get a lot of filling-personal preference: I prefer chicken dumplings so the pork tasted funny to me-served hot and spicy-I think you get ~8 dumplings for $6-lots of soup with fresh herbsI wouldn't eat here during the summer. The AC doesn't work that well. If you sit at a nice table, you can feel the breeze but you'll still end up sweating from eating the food.
They use to be in a tiny store front and expanded to a pretty decent size restaurant, which is a lot better. It's so much more enjoyable, cleaner, and spacious. It's great that the prices remain low. It's around $5 for a bowl of noodles, makes a cheap lunch or dinner. It's hard to find good noodle soup and this place does it right. Broth is great and the meats are flavorful and tender. Get the rice noodle version one. It's my favorite type of noodle with the meat of your choice. They even have the dry rice noodle, which I thought was okay. For some reason it was a little too sweet for me. And their dumplings in hot and sour sauce was a little too sour for me. It really depends on an individual taste bud. But, I'll stick to their rice noodle soup. If you like spicy noodle soup they make some of the best spicy noodle soup in the area.
Wait time: if you are getting the cross the bridge noodle soup you are expected to eait at least 20 minutes because they need to heat the broth till it is boiling hot. So if you're in a rush, I suggest you order something else on the menu. Service: I called one Sunday afternoon at 3:30 to make a pick oh order because I knew it'd take a long time. The man (skinny fj that sounds like a girl) assured me that the order would be ready at 6:00sharp for pick up for when my husband gets off work so he can catch his bus on time. When my husband got there the lady was there and the guy was hiding in the back and decided to tell us that they are aware of me calling in, however, he forgot to put the order in the kitchen. Very upsetting considering how I paid $10.75 for each order. I think food taste and flavor is very important, however, the ambience you sit in and the service you receive is equally important in this day and age. Flavor: The cross the bridge noodles with lamb & beef is absolutely amazing. The flavor in the soups are unforgettable which is what keeps bringing me back to get this noodle everytime. Be aware though, the one that is only beef & then one that's beef & lamb cross the bridge noodle is the ones that are shown with the cilantro. The regular cross the bridge noodle soup is with black chicken and tofu skin and the broth tastes nothing like the other one. Portion: it is huge. I'm pretty sure if you were to take home your leftover broth home, you can make another bowl of noodles without question.Will I come back again? Yes, for the noodle soup! But, I most def will make sure I never deal with him again.
I've been a little disappointed by the Chinese food in Brooklyn's Chinatown so far. One exception has been Yun Nan Flavor Garden, which stands out in my mind for serving delicious, interesting dishes at a downright confusing price point (as in, "damn I hope you own this space and aren't paying rent because how are you making any profit").We ordered:- Crossing the bridge noodlesTheir most talked-about dish, and for good reason. A huge bowl of boiling hot broth is brought to your table with several plastic-wrapped plates of raw ingredients: shabu-sliced chicken, tofu skin, bean sprouts, greens, a cracked egg, cooked black chicken (silkie! so cute but so delicious, aw) pieces, plus a heap of cooked noodles. This famous Yun Nan dish is so named because each item is transferred ceremonially to the broth using chopsticks by the chef, still wearing her bright red apron. When she finishes, what you have is a wildly flavorful (from the silkie, well-known to create amazing broths) noodle soup that can easily feed 2.- Cold noodlesTheir signature dish. It's unlike any cold noodle/liang fen/liang pi I've ever had, despite the similar flavor profiles (garlic, soy, vinegar, chili, cilantro). And it's relentlessly slurpable: Just like the crossing the bridge noodles, the rice noodle used here is perfectly round, springy, and slippery rather than chewy. Not optimal for coating with sauce, but good for how clean this dish tastes, even with ground meat and a spoonful of chili oil on top. (Looks deceive: It's not very spicy.)- Dumplings with hot and sour sauceThis is the one that really impressed me! Anticipating that the above items wouldn't be enough for two hungry people (despite the timid warnings of our server), we expected just a side of dumplings with generic hot and sour soup. No sirree! We knew it was trouble when it [was] walked in - a huge bowl of fat wontons with puckered skin, soaking in a hot bath of tart vinegar, chili oil, Szechuan peppercorn, and overall magic. This turned out to be one of the most delicious treatments of wontons I have ever experienced.The tables are mostly large round banquet tables, which is odd if you're two people and haven't managed to snag one of the only two 4-seaters. As a result, the place felt empty, even though most tables surprisingly had some people at them for what an awkward time of day it was (3pm on a Sunday in October). The bathroom isn't the cleanest, the tiles on the floor are a little chipped, and there's a chandelier almost shrinking back into the ceiling... I know Yun Nan Flavor Snack (yelp.com/biz/yun-nan-fla…) expanded into this larger space very recently, but it's still nothing gorgeous to look at. Concentrate on the great food instead.
One of the best Chinese restaurants in NYC, I've eaten at a lot of them.  This is the only place in NYC that I know of that serves this type of chinese chicken noodle soup (Crossing Bridge noodle soup.)  Also the spicy and sour dumpling dish is great.  If you wanna try unique authentic chinese food, this a good spot, and its cheap!!   Me and my wife share a Crossing Bridge soup and a dumpling for under $20!
My siblings and I love this place! I would crave it once in a while, but I would usually only get it when I'm around the area. I have only tried their #11 Rice Noodles with Crispy Meat Sauce and #37 Dumplings with Hot & Sour Sauce (which are really wontons). I like how you can choose the level of spiciness for your noodles so you can adjust to your tolerance. I usually get it less spicy, but it didn't taste spicy at all (in my opinion) so I think I will go a level up next time. #11 comes with rice noodles, sliced pig intestine, and crispy meat which is basically fried pork skin. The noodles are nice and chewy which is a major element that I look for in noodles. I like pork intestines so it was a plus, but people that think it is gross may not enjoy it as much. The crispy meat is more of a crunchy fried pork skin and barely has any meat on it, but its still good. Overall, its a savory and addicting bowl of noodles that is a must try! #37 is basically wontons in hot and sour sauce. I like almost anything that is hot and sour and this this did not disappoint. It was a perfect amount of spicy and sour. Like I said, I come here once in a while so of course I will be returning. Definitely recommend this place for anyone that is looking for cheap and delicious eats.
Dumplings were out of this world!!! Rice noodles with lamb stew were OK, but noodles with crispy meat sauce were also super good. Will be back for those dumplings!
I frequented yun nan flavor garden since high school. Food is still good, but I had to admit quality have gone down a notch since they moved to the larger location :(
This place is... interesting. If you order the crossing the bridge noodles, they bring you uncooked slices of meat and a raw egg on a plate. Then 10 minutes later, a guy with heat protection gloves brings out gigantic bowls of steaming hot broth. Then the wait staff mixes it all up for you. Is it sanitary? Who knows. But it's a crap-ton of food. The bowls are gigantic. It's basically like doing hot pot but with noodles. An interesting experience, to be sure. Worth going to, but probably not more than once.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Sunset Park...maybe in New York in general. It definitely lives up to its name.Amazingly tasty (and spicy) noodle soups abound for about $5-6 dollars. Bring along a six-pack and/or a bottle of wine, and you're all set.Be ready to share one of their large round tables with other diners. That's totally fine though--it adds to the experience. I couldn't recommend this highly enough for those who love the combination of spicy, savory, and sour flavors. Just make sure to bring cash and, of course, your beverages of choice!
Have had my share of soup noodles in Brooklyn. But the unique flavors in the soups and dry noodles brought me back again in two days.
Crossing the bridge to get some Cross Bridge Noodles. Funny? No? Okay.But seriously though, do come from other boroughs to try this authentic dish that this restaurant has perfected. I ordered the 3rd type of CBN [shortened for cross bridge noodles because who wants to type that out?]. It came with thinly slices of beef and lamb, bean curd, a quail egg, chopped parsley and scallion. Another bowl of rice noodles [lai fun] was separated in another bowl and brought out with the soup. The waiter will come and help you prepare all these items. When he/she is done you will want to start slurping, but don't! The soup is really hot, so hot that it will be able to cook your meat and your tongue if you're not careful. I slowly enjoyed my soup and noodles and I must give compliments to the chef because this is not my favorite type of noodle, but it does not disappoint. Personally I like chewier noodles but the broth from this place along with the other ingredients defiantly make up for it. These noodles are round and made from rice and they are sort of stiff and smooth. It had a sort of flat texture, kinda like gnocci except in long thin rice noodle form.I stupidly added too much hot oil to my soup and ended up sweating bullets. But don't worry you can get yourself some chinese soft drinks to wash it all down. I got myself some herbal tea.
I am so happy for them. I came here once when they were on a off street in a tiny store. They finally moved to a bigger space on the main street of 8th ave. If you enjoy spicy noodles this is your place. The dumplings with hot and sour soup is also a must. Perfect for a chilly winter night.
First time here today, the hot & sour dumpling, beef noodle and their side dishes have a very unique flavor. Def will come again and recommend to others!!
The food has a real authentic taste to it. I would recommend getting the noodles with crispy meat sauce. Also the sweet and spicy dumplings are drool worth.
Pretty solid food, They are known for their cold noodles which is a mix of grounded pork, peanuts and vinegar in a cold noodle with no soup base. I've been here a couple of times and i've tried the cold noodle as well as the hot version of the cold noodle which is pretty much everything i listed just that its dipped in a hot broth. Their price is average, the service is decent they bring you your food and that's about it don't expect a cup of water or hot tea or anything. I am not sure if you are required to tip here since they don't serve you drinks (you have the option of buying what they have in the fridge coconut juice, soda, etc.)..i usually just tip a dollar or two.
I've always wanted to try their old location but when I finally decide to, they have moved. I heard that this place is much better since it's bigger and more customers can dine in. There's a few younger workers and they help answer all my questions in English so I feel very comfortable ordering from here. Their spicy anything is so good but unfortunately I cannot handle it. I just play it safe with their Rice Noodles with crispy meat, non-spicy. When I'm feeling a little braver, I have their hot and sour soup dumplings with noodles. Then I'd chug a bottle of soy milk right after.
This is my Flavor food in  ny city the noodles taste is so staff if you epicure you need to come here to try soup so delicious yummy!!
This restaurant is the embodiment of several stories, the most prominent being the American Dream of an immigrant coming here with nothing but the clothes on his back and some skills in the kitchen in an attempt to find opportunities for his family.The second is the perpetual conveyance of a long lost culture through food and custom....I came here with a group of friends to try out some dishes, out of curiosity from a co-worker's recommendation, and yes I was surely impressed.We ordered several dishes as listed below:#40 - Hot and sour dumplings on top of noodles.  Wonderful pork wontons served on top of noodles in pork based vinegar and spiced broth.  The sour and spice was perfectly balanced with the salty savory wonton meat.  Let the noodles sit at the bottom of the bowl to absorb the broth's and you will have tasted the courage of an immigrant braving a new world with his passion for culinary arts.#11 - Noodles with crispy meat sauce.  This is the biggest mystery of all.  HOW DID THE CRISPY PORK SKIN STAY SO CRISPY?!!!  It's a very simple dish of pork based broth, noodles, braised thinly sliced pig intestines, and crispy fried pork skin (cracklin).  The attraction isn't the flavour as it is salty and savory.  The attraction is the conflict of crunchy cracklin texture with the smooth liquid broth noodles and chewy intestines.  Seriously, leave your religious and dietary beliefs at the door and try this dish, no one in Borough Park will judge you.#1 - Crossing the Bridge Noodles.  A little back story -===============================================================A long time ago in the province of Yunnan, a scholar was studying for exams on a small island to become a government official.  His wife was trying to help out by bringing him some food, however it was a long way from their house to the island, and the soup would turn cold by the time she had crossed the bridge.  She finally had an idea... or maybe it was his idea... but the idea was to use an earthen clay pot, layer the top of the broth with fat, and separate the other ingredients from the soup until serving time.  When she finally crossed the bridge to her husband, the soup was still piping hot, hot enough to cook the ingredients she had brought over in a separate container, and provided a fresh taste to the dish.===============================================================So back to the dish at the restaurant, it came with a few things, first the noodles came out, then sliced ham and black chicken pieces, then some bean sprouts and a quail egg.  After about 10 minutes, the owner comes out with the soup, and personally sets it infront of you.  DO NOT TOUCH THE BOWL OF SOUP, YOU WILL BURN YOURSELF.  Then one of the waiters will start placing the ingredients into the super hot broth allowing for time to cook.  Does anyone else see the correlation of the story to the service in the restaurant?Now do yourself a favour, get over to Yunnan Flavour Garden and eat some noodles
Cross bridge noodle soup is amazing! Chicken soup! If they open in Manhattan I'll go there everyday. Hot and sour dumpling also good. Try cold dishes too!
After a trip to Yunnan (Kunming, Lijiang, Dali) a few months ago, I was so excited to find a place in Brooklyn Chinatown with some f'real yunnan food.While I subsisted on mixian, another type of yunnan noodle soup, from curb-side shops during my trip, I never had crossing bridge noodles. Regardless of whether or not it was authentic, my $10.75 bowl was ENORMOUS and filled with delicious noodles and broth. Perfect for a cold afternoon. It came with shaved pork, black chicken, a quail egg, and some sprouts, all of which you add at the last minute, similar to pho. Service was really great. The servers are extremely friendly and willing to explain to the different types of dishes. Folks who come here won't get much for ambiance - but it sure looks like any restaurant straight out of China. Can't wait to try the dumplings others have recommended. Yunnan Flavor Garden is definitely an inexpensive, exciting place to try hard-to-find Chinese food. I'll be back again!
The store hour says it opens at 10:30am but don't go until after 11:30. I got there at 10:30 and waited until 11:05 for the store to open. It then took them another 20 minutes to prep the kitchen before they can churn out a dish. I got the cold rice noodles which were delicious -- sour and sweet (be sure to stir it as the sugar is on one side) and mildly spicy with the freshness of cilantro throughout. The flavored ground pork and the peanuts gave it more texture and balance. I got an order of spicy sour dumplings to go. It's a popular dish as more than half the customers order this -- it'll be my DH's lunch. It's kinda a trek from Manhattan -- 4 stops after Canal St. Be aware that MTA service to this stop is only Brooklyn bound on the weekends. It's then 10 blocks from the 8th Ave station. Lots of Chinese food stores along the way including Xin Fa bakery where you can get the best Portuguese style egg tarts. Put in the order on the walk there and pick it up after your Yunnan meal.
This is one of my favorite places.   I love their hot and sour dumpling and beef stew noodle.  They are also famous for their crossing bridge noodle, which is also very good.  It's a great place if you are looking for something delicious, quick, and affordable.  It's a cash only place and gets really packed during peak hours.  A must try!
Went in 20 minutes before closing. Food took fair amount of time to arrive. My boyfriend ordered the noodles with braised chicken. When the lady set it on the table, I could already smell how good it is. I tried just the noodles myself and it was pretty good. We stayed a little past closing time and they didn't kick us out. We just had to pay before we finished eating.
I came the first time with my friend and tried their Cross the Bridge Rice Noodles. It was not bad, so I take my sister here today. We arrived at 11:30. Of course we wanted to order their classic dish, Cross the Bridge rice noodle. The waitress told us that the beef/ version is not available, so were the other two, as we asked. None of the Cross the Bridge rice noodles would be served until 12:00. While we were placing our order, an American couple sat at the other side of our table, served with greeting, water, etc. and they ordered the Cross the Bridge rice noodles with fish.. I thought you said the rice noodles would not be available until 12:00????? Did my watch just stopped working in 2 minutes? No water whatsoever was even offered the whole time. Anyway, we were just so stunned by the difference of service. Regarding the food, we order the beef stew rice noodles. Nothing much special, and the beef was very hard. Would suggest to go to another place for the beef stew noodles.
It's an extension of their Yun Nan Flavour Snack location a few blocks away. This offers the same items plus a few more spicy dishes including pig ear Lo mein.  Try their signature dish (IMO) which is their cold rice noodle with extra spicy sauce which won't disappoint. Make sure to eat it right away for take out since the noodles will soak up all the broth and it won't taste as chewy :)Once I try the other items I will be sure to update this review.   I've been doing mostly take out.
Soups are Great.  Nothing more comforting than the Crossing the Bridge Noodle Soup and I love the Noodles with Spicy Pork.   Their cucumber salad is a must-have with any of the spicy dishes.  It helps put out the fire.  I wish they had a few more dry noodle dishes, and the place could be a bit cleaner.  Other than that, no place I know you can eat for so little cost and have such a great meal.  Try it.
this place is much over-hyped!! after reading all the 4-5 star review of their Crossing The Bridge Noodle. I had to try it myself. honestly, the soup tasted more like water than actual chicken/pork stock. There were a ton of white pepper throwned in which gives the water/"soup" a nice kick!! I couldn't really taste the "heartiness" of the soup that others have described. I went during lunch time on a weekday so it wasn't like they were out of soup and had to make a new batch? anyway...I got the beef/lamb mix, it was the thin sliced meat U get from the hot pot restaurants. I was disappointed that I only got 2 slices of lamb on my plate. i thought the meat would be half and half but it wasn't, I asked why, they told me me the customers prefer beef more. my bs alarms goes off as I'm thinking the beef prices must be cheaper than the lamb prices. lolwell, I wasn't impressed with the crossing the bridge noodle. Def NOT worth the $10.75 and hype! I rather go for a Pho in a viet place for less. or a real hot pot lunch set where you'd prob get more veggies & mushrooms and meat for around the same price. or if you're really feeling hungry, there's a place a few blocks down with unlimited fresh seafood and meat hotpot for $32 called 66 Liu Liu seafood.  however, i do have to give them credit for their side dishes. I recommend getting a few of those as they're only $3 and had decent portions.
I had their special "crossing bridge" noodles and hot and sour dumpling soup. Awesome broth! Their homemade noodles are perfectly cooked. There was such a big contrast of flavor between the crossing bridge noodle broth and the hot and sour, making it the perfect combination to eat together. Noodle broth tasted very clear of any artificial ingredients. If you are a spicy food lover, definitely try adding their vinegar and hot chili oil. It's just amazing! Personally, found the hot and sour broth to be too much on the sour side. A bit overwhelming to chug down like soup. Dumplings were perfect.You know the food is good when it tastes homemade, and leaves you warm after the meal. I don't think they used any MSG neither because I didn't have that insatiable wave of thirst you typically get afterwards.Don't be confused like me and sit there for the waitress to serve you water or hand over the bill because that's more of a self serve. Go up to the front, super casual restaurant.
Really good noodle soups. For those who love the white round noodles, this is your Chinese noodle soup spot! It is affordable and the taste is on point.
The noodles are delicious. It has excellent broth. The only downside is very shabby. The atmosphere is more like grab and go. But it's okay, I'm just there for the food anyway.
Terrible service. I sat down and waited 10 minutes before one of the two waitresses got my order. Every time I said "excuse me" and tried to get my order down, they would ignore me and walk by. The restaurant wasn't even that busy as well, I'm not sure why they wouldn't want to take my order. When I was done with my order and went up to the counter to pay, the lady gave me 5 nickels instead of a quarter. WTF? I even saw plenty of quarters inside the cash register.. I'm only giving 2 stars for the decent food.
saw such great reviews so we stopped in for dinner recently and to begin, service is horrible. there were just 2 girls working the cashier for take out and walking thru to take orders. we were never served drinks, or maybe they just dont do that. their menu has english but u basically cant ask questions because neither of them were able to understand. we tried the cold noodles as the pics showed because i felt it was one of those obligatory things here that are must try, but wouldnt taste good - but it was surprisingly good because the flavors weren't what i had expected. the only thing is i wish i knew what kind of minced meat i was consuming. we also tried beef nom with hand pulled noodles - which were absolutely tasteless. from the broth to the beef nom, no taste at all. the restaurant is also quite odd - nothing is in the fish tank but newspapers, the walls have shelves with nothing on it.
Upgrade to garden...it has been a while since that hole in the wall, "Yun Nan Flavor Snack." What hasn't changed is the food, I absolutely love the cold noodles (get it spicy)! I can't say anything for the dine in experience as I had my order to go, but flavor is consistent with what I loved about this place. I also tried the crossing the bridge noodles and it was pretty good. I think the selling point is the broth? It was so flavorful and kind of creamy without being fatty. The noodles are good too of course. I learned that these aren't necessarily the traditional type of noodles as they are thicker. I'm looking forward to getting some cold noodles while we still have this summer weather! Overall, I will definitely be back.
My friend says "the service is subpar, we waited five minutes for service before getting our own menu and sat ourselves in an empty restaurant. Somehow they make it feel understaffed even though there were three customers. We got the crossing bridge specials, the soup was made with plain shabbu meat slices and chicken pieces dumped into bland, lackluster instant noodle type base. Noodles were straight from Chinese super market packaging. As the waiter poured soup, the OCD person in me noticed his fingers touching the inside. They gave us a quail egg, but it added little to the taste given that the soup bowl was the size of a face washing basin. A needle in hay stack quest ensued. Overall take out quality restaurant that should not warrant highest rating."
I have had a clipping, raving about this restaurant, on my kitchen cabinet door for YEARS, and I finally got around to making the trek to Sunset Park in Brooklyn, where there is a very substantial Chinese neighborhood and Chinatown row of restaurants.  I've come to this area before for Chinese food and, in general, it kicks Manhattan Chinatown butt, as does the other Chinatown in Flushing (It just occurred to me that NYC is so large that it has Chinatowns in three out of five of its boroughs!  Most cities are happy to have just one!) but this time around, I am sad to report that my expectations were let down.  It was just not that great of a place.  First of all, it's a dirty, ugly, plain as planks, warthole of a place, with a "C" rating emblazoned in the window.   We paused at the site of that, but we've seen other, crowded Chinese restaurants similarly marked by the City Department of Health and Hygiene.  It must be all the duck carcasses in the window, we have always thought, but no doubt it's about vermin and sanitation too.  Still, I am a food adventurist and sometimes you gotta roll with the punches if you want to be delighted.So we sauntered in and were shown to an empty, 8 person table.   The place was deserted, which I thought was little off, but I figured that had to do with the fact that it was 3 PM on a Sunday.  After awhile, a young man came out and took our orders, explaining what everything was very gregariously and patiently.   I chose to have the Rice Noodle Soup with Beef (at  his recommendation) and Kim selected the Hot and Sour dumpling soup.  As an appetizer, we chose the Pickled Cucumber Salad.  We also ordered up a couple of kid's "Milk Drinks", which our waiter said were delicious and worth a try.The cucumber "salad" came out quickly, and I could see why, it was a fresh, not pickled, cucumber that someone chopped up in the kitchen moments before and doused with soy sauce.  That was it.  No joke.  It took a fairly long time for the rest of food to arrive and while we waited and picked at our cucumber chunks, we examined our surroundings.  It really couldn't be more plain.  Spoons and forks in a plastic soup container on the table, another container for chopsticks, truck stop style paper napkin dispenser, a complete absence of tableclothes or even paper place-mats, empty shelves, dusty trophies, dirty floor, flickering flourescents.  Not great.Eventually the food arrived.   Large white bowls brimming with noodles and broth, plus herbs and seasonings and dollops of meat in my case, or dumplings, in Kim's case.  We grabbed some chopsticks and spoons and began to tuck into our soups.Mine was completely, and I mean completely, unspectacular.  I wonder if the noodles were even rice noodles.  They seemed more like egg noodles to me.  The broth had some nuance but nothing like some other Noodle soups I have enjoyed in my travels.  The noodles were flavorless and thick, unappealing.  The beef, of which there were precious few bits, was tough and also fairly flat in flavorings.  I resorted to dousing my soup with chili oil, to give it some more presence.  That worked to a degree but I shouldn't have had to do that.Kim's was much better - a more complex broth with a little kick to it, surrounding a solid portion of delicate dumplings containing sumptuous pork filling.   It was rich and good but again, not some holy grail of soupdom at all.  It was basically above average cheap eats.  The Milk Drink, which was in reality Borden's Condensed Milk watered down and repackaged, was a tasty antidote to the bland broth in my case, and the kick from Kim's dish.  I think I might have enjoyed the beverage most of all.We didn't finish our soups but did take Kim's home for someone's lunch later in the week.  We paid, we took a menu, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.  So disappointed.  I so wanted this to be great.
Best Yun Nan flavor I've tried in US, nothing less than 一坐一忘 in Beijing. 卤味拼盘 was cool, especially the pig's trotters and ears, just like savoring mom's cooking at home. Crossing the bridge noodles is the most famous cuisine ever in Yun Nan, and this restaurant provides you the genuine process of making it. They provided you the fish/noodles/veges, and after a pretty long while came the soup - then mixed them. Loved the fish, so tender and the soup was a bonus point. I ended with finishing all the soup, lol. If I would point out some drawbacks, it would be they don't serve all the things on the menu, and there were pretty a lot of them.
The hot and sour dumpling soup was so flavorful and cured my sinusitis. There are 12 dumplings in there. Also shared the Clear broth dumpling soup which had seaweed and brine shrimp. They were both satisfying after a nice Sunday visit to Storm King Arts Center.
Defn not a hole-in-the-wall bc the place is actually pretty spacious but it would a place that one would never consider unless for word-of-mouth (or in this case, yelp!) . Interior is pretty bare, water is not given, and it's probable that you're going to have to share a table. All is forgiven when you take your first bite of your noodles. I've had the crossing bridge noodles, the cold rice noodles, and hot&sour dumplings- all solid choices. I usually get a side of the cucumbers which are refreshing, vinegary, and delicious. Cash only. Tipping is optional here (as in, they don't expect any but do have a tip jar in the front if you're feeling generous)
DEFINITELY RECOMMEND! I, as a Chinese native, must say that this is one of the best Yun Nan rice noodles I've ever had. The soup is absolutely hearty and rich in flavor. I brought my American friend with me and he LOVED every bite of it, especially the hot and sour dumplings. A must must must. Even the neighborhood is quite lovely and authentically Chinese.
Today I walk in to order my noodle soup like usual. I always get the number 11 spicy. I tell the guy at the counter that I want number "sup yut" (cantonese for 11) then pay and wait. I walk to the bathroom while the food is being prepared and realized that a table had left with 2 full bowls of noodles on the table. I ignore it and continue toward the back to use their bathroom. After coming back out and waiting a little longer i decide to go across the street to get some malaysian food for my sister. When I came back I saw 2 orders on the counter and asked which one is the my order for number 11 (in English). This time the girl was in the front. She looked at the 2 bags and probably recognizes me and asked big spicy right? Yes. She gave me the order and I took it home. The order i got has no soup! Just noodles and spicy meat on top. I was furious and called the restaurant. I ask why did my order of number 11 come with no soup. I asked in English and she said can you speak chinese or mandarin. I spoke to her in broken mandarin this time and she said you ordered number 18, of course there is no soup! WTF?!!?! I said NO! How can you possible hear 18 when I say 11. I don't' even know what number 18 was. The guy in the back ground said yea she ordered 18. That was the last straw. I just hung up the phone and decide to look up their menu. Number 18 is the same ingredients with no soup. The guy put in the wrong order and decided he didn't want to take blame for it. The girl doesn't understand English decides to not take the blame either. If they had apologized, I would've said forget it and just be careful next time. This is outrageous for them to blame the customer! I placed my order in Cantonese (which sounds nothing like 18) and then again in English when I picked it up. This is the reason why this place is never full and people leave behind their food.When the Yun Nan lady was by herself in her hole in the wall, everything was fantastic and people will wait half an hour for their food. These young people are nasty and ruins the whole experience. They need to learn their NUMBERS in English and Chinese!  I won't be surprised if this place shuts down in half a year.
My friend and I both got noodles, her with beef, me with chicken. The chicken was inedible, and both of us were disappointed by the meh dishes overall. Won't be coming back.
This is such a big upgrade to the previous location they had. There are actual tables and seats. The menu has increased. I tried the traditional crossing the bridge rice noodles, rice noodle with crispy meat sauce, hot and sour dumplings, dumpling with clear soup, and pickled cucumbers. Everything was delicious! The traditional crossing the bridge rice noodle soup base was heavy with black and white pepper. Plus it's very filling! The hot and sour dumplings is the same as I remember from the previous location. The meat in the dumpling is flavorful and the skin is thin enough to hold everything together without breaking. The sauce/soup is flavorful too. The rice noodle with crispy meat sauce is delicious! I like how there are different types of meat, some boiled and some fried. The meats compliment the noodles very well! I greatly enjoy the soup base too! It's very flavorful! The dumpling with clear soup is dumplings with I think their homemade chicken broth. This is a good dish for kids. The pickled cucumbers compliment the meal very well overall since practically everything is hot and high in flavor. It's very refreshing.Compared to the first location, I think the portions got bigger. They used to serve their food in containers. But now the foods are served in bowls and plates.
I only come here for the food. I'm in love with the cold noodles and dumplings with hot and sour soup. If you're a person that can't handle spicy like me..You can ask for no spicy (: I usually just add vinegar and a little bit of the chili that is located in the bottles on the table. Cheap and quick.. Love this place especially on a hot summer day. Customer service is lacking so don't have high expectations. Just eat and be out!
Their #11 Rice Noodles with Crispy Meat Sauce and Hot and Sour Wontons are a must try.
3.5 stars. On a steamy, sultry summer day when cooking is the last thing on your mind, you can't go wrong by getting the cold noodle and the cold spicy cucumbers here. The noodles are slurpylicious and mix well with the spicy meat sauce with peanuts and cilantro. Add an order of dumplings from Wong Wong Noodles nearby and 2 people can eat like kings for under $15.
The address for this is WRONG.  They are located on 5121 8ths avenue, and they are not in Woodside, they are still in Sunset Park.EVERYTHING is freaking delicious here.  I think the cold noodles are my favorite so far.  I also really like the hot and sour dumplings and the lamb stew.  The food here is super authentic and you really can't get better anywhere else.  Other than the amazingly great food, the price makes this place even better.  If you're in the area this is definitely a place to check out.
I had quite the scare this evening.  I walked into the old location on 49th street and freaked out.  WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE??? WHERE IS MY FLAVOR SNACK?!?!?!?!"Random Girl: I think they moved 2 blocks down""Oh.  thanks."  Yun Nan Flavor Snack is now Yun Nan Flavor Garden.  3 blocks away on 52nd street, right across the street from Lucky Eight, another one my 8th ave faves.  Some very noticeable differences here.  For one-- the dining room is humongous.  Gone are the 6 crummy stools, instead there are now enough tables for a full thanksgiving spread with all the relatives, in-laws included.  The prices have gone up about $1 each dish, my fave cold rice noodle is now $5.50 as opposed to the old $4.25.  The menu has expanded as well, there are now 65 items on the menu.  Still no legitimate appetizers other than the  dumplings.  Hours have been extended an hour to 10:30pm so that's a plus too.I like the new look and fine with the prices.  Weird to see boss lady waiting tables instead of in the kitchen.  The newbie cashiers and waiters leave a lot to be desired.  Their English is lacking but everything should get better.  Keep in mind this went from a 2 person operation in a 300 sq ft space to a 20 table restaurant with a full wait staff and a POS system.  Oh-- and the most important thing, my cold rice noodle tasted exactly like the original.  Props.
云南风味园 is a somewhat unusual find in the States: a noodle shop that specializes in 过桥米线 aka "crossing the bridge noodle" ($10.75 with beef and lamb or fish) soup.Why is it called that? Like a litany of other Chinese dishes, it references an old story instead of giving one a direct clue to the ingredients. It doesn't really matter or affect the quality of the dish which comes with a quail egg, greens, noodles, soup and choice of meats. The environment is nailed too - even the decor and the choice of tables feels like a small restaurant in a second-tier Chinese city.If you hate noodles, soup, or flavor, skip this one. Otherwise, unless you're heading to the Middle Kingdom (or its United States branch, Flushing) soon make a shorter pilgrimage to Sunset Park and stop by this one for an excellent antidote to winter.And, if you are going to take this advice, based on the ethnic breakdown of the patrons on my visit it is clear that since the recent NYT article it has been discovered so go before it gets any busier. (And in Brooklyn, being able to claim the hipster cred of discovery is often more important than being able to afford rent, right?) These people deserve it.
Hot and Sour dumplings are amazing and the seaweed salad is great as well. I would skip their famous Over the Bridge. It's massive but doesn't pack that punch you can get in some of the other dishes. The mixed pigs ear, tenden, and tongue is fantastic.  Recommend. Don't forget to use the togarashi and chile oil to pump up the flavor a notch.
A few reviews have mentioned much of the menu being unavailable. This is no joke. They didn't have the first three or four dishes my boyfriend tried to order, and he was less than thrilled with what he ended up with.But those crossing the bridge noodles make up for a million sins. Ingredients are brought to the table raw and then added to a huge bowl of piping hot soup to cook - sliced pork, noodles, bean sprouts, egg, and so on. Throw in some chili oil for spice. It's a massive amount of food and hugely satisfying.Also loved the dumplings with hot and sour sauce. Sauce was good enough to drink as soup on its own. Inexpensive, great meal.
Had trouble finding it at first cuz they moved to this new location last June.The noodle tastes it just like what I had in YunNan and the staff was good.Somehow the beef and lamb didn't seem so fresh. Reasonable price.
the food a lone deserves at least a 4 *.  been here a few times ever since i discovered it on yelp.  only tried the crossing bridge noodle, dumplings and cucumber salad.  everytime i've been there i always get those 3 items.  the dumplings are amazing.   spicy with a hint out sourness.i introduced this place to my parents and the loved it so much they ate it 2x in a week.cons:- sloooooooooooow service!  do not come here hungry nor impatient.  one time i came with a group of 6 on a Sunday afternoon and waited almost an hour for our food.  but it doesn't bother me too much since the food is delish.
I ordered Take-out, The person at the front usually ask "how spicy". I recommend Cold Rice Noodle & Crispy Meat Sauce. The ordered is about 10-15 min wait. :)
I visited this place for the first time last week.  My friend usually gets 2 orders of the cold noodles and 2 orders of the dumplings in spicy broth because he's such a fan.  I followed his lead by getting one of each and I enjoyed both--super delicious and unlike "Chinese" food that you'd usually eat compared to the surrounding Chinatown area and Chinatown in Manhattan. Definitely worth a visit to Sunset Park.
I love this place.  Best cold noodle ever. Recently changed location to accommodate more seating.
This place really hits the spot when you're in the mood for a hot pot or soup. They are a no frills no nonsense place to eat - although the new location is nicer than the last (finally a table to sit and eat!). Get the hot and sour dumpling soup. Rice noodles. You won't be disappointed.
Still the best cold noodles! Although, last time some odd black mushrooms made an appearance, they were kinda scary looking! But still such a delicious bowl of noodles. Now they have table service... I don't really care for it because the waiters and waitresses don't speak English, but they are very kind. It just takes a while to communicate what I'd like and then it sort of gets awkward. At least I can sit while I eat, before there were about 6 stools in a tiny little shop. Well, congrats to the nice couple for moving up :)Don't worry, the same food you loved is still here around the corner.
Only been once. Great food great prices, Please don't change..Ill be back.
Ordered the crossing the bridge noodle soup and was pleasantly surprised! This broth had a very strong and peppery flavor without being too salty. The broth, meat, veggies, and noodles come in separate bowls, then you put everything in the broth! Huge bowl and great taste!
i'm really happy that i finally drove out here for some great kunming (capital of yunnan) noodle soup. every time i visit kunming (my dad's hometown), right after i get off the plane, i head straight to a noodle shop and have myself a big bowl of piping hot spicy & sour rice noodle soup. i'm like half asleep and my face is this close to falling in the bowl, but i gotta have it! people eat this stuff day and night, for breakfast, lunch and dinner, whether you're rich or poor. we're obsessed! well i couldn't find this item on the menu, but the waiter said they could make it anyway. it's probably the same as the hot and sour wonton soup, but without the wontons and topped with sauteed ground pork. ask for it (suan la mixian)! it'll take you straight to the streets of kunming. loved the crossing bridge noodle as well. the broth was divine. the popular folk tale behind it is that a young wife in ancient times used to walk a distance everday to bring a bowl of mixian to her husband, who was studying for the government exam, but would find that everything had become lukewarm by the time she got there. so she separated the toppings from the soup, which was kept piping hot and covered in a thick layer of oil to keep in the heat. it's a sweet story. yun nan garden serves it in a pretty basic form, since you usually get a lot more toppings but i'm not complaining here because the broth was very good and had a nice black/white peppery flavor. i definitely don't eat this often enough when i go back. lastly, the cold cucumbers tasted just like grandma's. the sauce was super good. it's hard for me describe the flavor because i stop thinking when i eat kunming food, but it's definitely different from szechuan or taiwan cold cucumbers. maybe a little sweeter and more sour, slightly smoky? it's too bad this place is such a far drive. these people really need to open another noodle shop!! (in the city or in jersey). and fast! i'm certain it would do very very well*msg is optional. .
Was here with a friend.  We tried the Hot and sour dumping soup, which was delish!  Spicy enough and flavorful enough!  Also had the crossing the bridge noodle soup and I really liked it. The broth was light and delightful, and contrasted well with the hot and sour dumpling soup, which had a lot of depth and spiciness.  Going to go back and try the beef noodle soup.Side note:  Atmosphere leaves much to be desired, but whateves, mainly here to have food, which is tasty and cheap!  the staff was friendly and attentive.
It is a nice little noodle shop in a Chinese community. I really enjoy their cucumber side dish and cold noodle with meat sauce in the summer.  In the winter I love to eat their hot soup noodles.  I've tried a lot of their noodles and they all taste really good.  It is also cheap.
This place may not look the most interesting, or the most air conditioning place in 8th Avenue - but this place has the BEST dumplings. I've also tried their Crossing the Bridge Noodles and it's absolutely not disappointing. I highly recommend this place to all friends and Yelppers! Definitely try their Dumpling with Clear Soup, it's perfect!
We always get their spicy meat noodle soup and hot and sour dumplings soup. Good stuff!
After my first order:Help! I am totally hooked on the Dumplings in Hot and Sour Sauce.Like, I need a container in my fridge at all times, otherwise they best give me the recipe!I also scarfed down a container of Cold Rice Noodles and at medium spice, hell hath no fury that is this spicy goodness. Heavy breathing, lip throbbing Luuuv. Both dish via take out, bike riding fast up sunset hill the 3 miles home. Devotee now, I would ride 10 miles both ways.[For those who care: not oily, not too salty, perfect acid, clean quarters.]
Yun Nan Flavor Snacks has relocated to this location on the main streets of 8th ave. We went through quite a trip to find this place. And when we did, it didn't disappoint.  The  cold noodle was better than ever. The bowl came with "wan yee" (a black fungus found in chinese dishes), which I don't remember getting from the old joint a few blocks down. The same woman who used to cook at the storefront now mans the kitchen. I hope they get the business they deserve because you can't really find anything in NY quite like it.
This place was great.  We had the Crossing the Bridge Noodles, Noodles with Braised Chicken adn the Noodles with Spicy Meat Sauce.  Everything was awesome, my favorite was the Spicy Meat Sauce.  We will definitely be coming back, A LOT!
cold noodles are gross and all dried up when you eat it almost 2 hours later!they give very little sauce well to begin with.. not much FLAVOR this timeI've had better cold noodles from them at their old place where I are it right away... but sometimes they don't put enough sauce for my take out so its all dry :-(Oh an to top it off it was a 20+ min wait to go
Been eating at the restaurant for a 4 years now. A place I always go eat whenever I am in Brooklyn. one of my is their spicy and sour dumpling. my 2nd favorite is their cold noodle.
Great Yunnan native flavor from my home town! Try their signature rice noodle bowl, they'll know. Cheap price, good stuff!
Try the cross bridge noodle or cross bridge noodle with beef\lamb. Both are very good. One of my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn Chinatown. Hearty food at very reasonable price. And they use good and fresh ingredient.
I just ordered a rice noodle beef stew to go & when i opened to eat i found about five small pices of glass in my soup when i called them about the situation they claimed i ordered from some where else when i have the receipt to prove it. I went in personally to show them the glass and receipt the manager played it off as if the receipt order number didnt exist mind u this was not even a half hour from when i ordered my food to go so how could u forget me or loose tge other reciept they weren't even willing to give me the $5.50 back. Im so disappointed & disgusted. I will never step foot or recommend this place to anyone. Management was so unprofessional.
one star for the fact that you can't get this cuisine anywhere else in New York; another for how tasty my rice noodle soup was. however, this is one of the hardiest bowls of MSG I've ever consumed - my throat has itched and I've been parched  for a couple of hours now - and they managed to get a C health rating, which is rare even in these outer rings of the outer boroughs. definitely an interesting experience, though, and maybe worth a try if you're feeling reckless.
Like Thompson L. I had a scare the last time I went by and found them closed, I had to settle for some other place which wasn't nearly as good, I was almost in Mourning until I saw that they had actually moved to a larger place, and only 2 blocks away! I am so glad to see that they are offering more dishes, I can finally fill that void in my stomach that I have had since I left Kunming.
Love spicy food + hole in the wall jointsWas excited to eat here based on reviewsordered the famous dumplings in hot and sour soupNothing about it was tasty or unique. broth was oily and bland...and the dumplings were mediocre :(perhaps it was an off day for the kitchen?I won't be back again, too many awesome places in sunset parkgo to Metro Cafe instead!
we were here last week for lunch.we all got the same dish--beef stew with noodle soup.I did not find it any special from other noodle shops.
Cheap and tasty! I'm a big fan of their dumplings with hot and sour sauce. Now that is a five star item. Everything else are still good but I feel like they are heavy with the MSG. Most of their good is spicy so if you cannot take it ask them to make the soup for the noodle mild.
