Amazing Szechuan food.  Really surprised how low the ratings are on here.    Was craving pork intestines and came here by myself.  Food is truly traditional and authentic.  For authentic szechuan food lovers, this this the place to go.
I came here for a quick lunch during the week and it was very crowded. We got a table fairly quickly and each ordered the lunch special (almost everything was under $12). The special came with a soup and entree. It took a while for the food to come out although i think we just had a bad waitress. She kept apologizing when we asked for our food but didn't bring it out. The soup was good- nothing particularly good or bad. I had the general tso shrimp which was delicious. I wish the portion was a bit larger but for $12 I'm not complaining. Between the soup, rice, and shrimp I was full but just barely. Would certainly return again.
TLDR: The house special/authentic chinese dishes are all very good, esp the steamed and spicy fish. This is my favorite place to get sliced fish in spicy oil/sauce aka 水煮魚。The pig ears and other appetizers are also good although a bit pricey. I'm pretty picky about taste and the combination of spice and fragrance in their 水煮魚 is excellent. Maybe I just like their style, but it's the best I've had in Manhattan. Def eat here if only for that one dish.
They have some unusual items here like frog and stinky tofu in addition to more familiar items.When I'm eating and some waiters are on break one is staring at me. Not that big of a deal but annoying. This seems not that unusual at Chinese restaurants, sometimes you feel like an animal at the zoo being checked out by the wait staff. The waiter who was tending my table was friendly but a slick way. I wanted an a  dish from the lunch menu but it was the weekend. I asked if it was still available he said yes. On the lunch menu it was was $12.95 so I figured I would get the dish without the free side and soup,ok no problem. So he asked me what kind of rice I wanted and I asked for brown. So I get the check and it's $26 dollars. The portion was big so maybe it was for two but I didn't realize it. They also charged $2 for the rice.Maybe it was partially my fault but I felt a bit scammed for them not warning me this dish was going to be $13 more plus $2 more for rice. Next time I'm going elsewhere maybe across the street to Ma Pa Tofu (but I was only there once a few years ago)
Probably would give it a 3.5 because of one thing. Their dumplings. Since moving into the city, I haven't found dumplings that have competed with others ones I've had. We ordered the pan-fried pork dumplings and the skin was so crispy and perfectly done. Some of the better ones I've had in awhile. My lunch special was stir-fried chicken with roasted chili peanut. I liked it, but there were way too many nuts compared to the chicken. It was more of a vegetable and peanut dish. It's a good place to have so close to work because it's a good price and I love my Chinese food. Next time, I'll try something new, but you know I gotta order those dumplings.
The spring roll was served hot and fresh. I enjoyed the Szechuan style fried chicken both for its flavor and its texture. Their eggplant is tender. I felt very well served by the staff and I appreciated their sense of humor too.
3.5-4 stars. In a city dominated by Szechuan takeout, I am so glad to have this place when I'm craving some authentic flavors from my hometown region. I ordered the pork stomach with bamboo at extra spicy. It definitely wasn't as spicy as I imagined, but I still really enjoyed the flavors. Hunan food is less greasy/saucy and more dry/salt than Szechuan food. Both are spicy but hunan food tends to be a little more intense. I definitely thought that this dish captured the essence of that hunan base. I wish though that there could have been more protein and less bamboo/celery. It's a little far from me for takeout but definitely would love to go in person next time to try other items when I'm in midtown!
Very authentic Chinese hunan style cuisine. The service is very prompt and the wait staff brisk, not as attentive as other sit-down places but overall they are very efficient and quick and the food is good. It does seem like the food might be very greasy but it is just the natural way of how hunan style food is cooked. We got the whole fish and its definitely recommended to share since its a entire large fish. The sauce in which it sits was so flavorful and very well seasoned and cooked, the meat fell off the bones very nicely. We also got rice on the side and I just doused the rice with the sauce. We also order some side vegetable dishes as well and it balanced our meal out. I would like to come back and try some of the other menu items since they have a pretty large menu with many options.
I stepped in here for lunch on impulse. I was starving, and had no idea what I wanted for lunch. Considering I could eat Chinese several times a week without complaint, I gave it a go. I ordered the lunch General Tso's Chicken (spare me your cliché-hipster eye rolls. I love the stuff, and I've made peace with that). Lunch portions are reasonably priced; nay, cheap considering the area. Entrees are served with choice of soup, and rice. I went for Hot & Sour, and Brown Rice. It was a bit chilly, so I opted for some tea to warm up a bit, and soothe my sinuses. The Soup: WOW! I grew up in Houston; given the geographical nearness of Louisiana, and Mexico, I can handle my spicy food with the best of them... But this was by far the spiciest Hot & Sour soup I've ever set my lips to. It was tasty to be sure. It was however, completely void of tofu or bamboo shoots, so that left me a little awry. The Entree: Do you know the feeling you have at the end of a first date when you've had the weird goodbye-hug, and you're not quite sure whether theres going to be a second date or not? Thats how I feel about the chicken. It resembled GTC, smelled like GCT, but it goes out in left field from there. It was crispy, which I love; a quality that often becomes lost in the "saucing" process. The chicken was moist, but had an odd texture to it. The sauce was far too sweet, no spice, and very thin. Definitely leaving me unimpressed. The Rice: It's brown rice, what more could possibly be said? The Tea: FANTASTIC! I'm not ruling out the possibility of a second date between Hunan Manor and I, if I happen to be in the area and hungry. But, I don't feel that I would go out of my way to come here again.
Love the spicy fish head Best everService okNeeds improvementPork too spicyA little expensiveCould not forget the taste of fish head
I wish I could rate the food, but I can't, because the restaurant's delivery man held it hostage. I ordered from Eat24 (who were as helpful as could be), because I had a late teleconference and was ravenous. In half an hour, I received a call from the delivery man. I asked him to bring the food to my hotel room. I had food delivered last night without issue. All he would say was, "Lobby. Lobby. Lobby." I explained my predicament and asked him to leave the food at the front desk or with the concierge. He flatly refused. "LOBBY! LOBBY! LOBBY!"At this point I received my first call from the restaurant and explained that I wanted my food delivered to my room. The woman on the line asked for my room number and hung up. Ten minutes later, she called again. I asked that she just tell the delivery man to leave the food, to which she responded. "He will not leave food. You have to pay cash tip." I said "No problem, either tell him to come to my room, or I will have Eat24 add a tip," which I know they can do. Now, an hour and a half later, still no food. My food was held hostage and taken away. Eat24 is refunding me. Now I am ready to eat my own foot.
My lunch spot..the lunch special is quite good and cheap. It's not very spicy but good enough to make many people sweat..before my office move I will keep order from here ..
This is probably my favorite Chinese restaurant in the U.S. because the food is just that delicious. If you love spicy, authentic Chinese, it may become yours as well!The ambience is casual, and can get rather boisterous at peak dining times because this is rightly a popular establishment. The service is friendly, efficient, and bilingual, and the menu has lots of photos in case you're unfamiliar with Hunan cuisine. The first thing to know about Hunan food is that it is spicy - delicious, but very hot. If you can handle the heat, I would highly recommend the spicy green pepper and thousand year-old egg dish, which is creamy and spicy at the same time. I'm also a fan of the home style tofu, which sounds like a cop out but is actually quite delicious and perfectly authentic; it can also be made less spicy if you prefer. The prices are very reasonable, and the portions are generous, so come hungry.
This is probably my favorite traditional Chinese restaurant in midtown east.  Really delicious Hunan specialties. I live in the area and instead of trekking to Flushing or downtown Chinatown, this is a convenient, closer alternative.
I am admittedly a big fan of Chicken Chow Fun, which most restaurants seem to prepare pretty well for the most part. Unfortunately, Hunan Manor's version combined being too oily and greasy with a weird spicy flavor I couldn't quite pinpoint.As a loyal Yelp user I Checked-in and received a free Vegetable Spring Roll, which the waiter promptly went to the kitchen and served in less than two minutes. The problem was that it was greasy and minuscule.Most patrons seemed to have tea on their tables automatically but I had to ask for mine. It was ok but suffered from having too many tea leaves.On a positive note, the service was solid and attentive. It was pretty crowded on the chilly evening of my visit and the only seat was right by the entrance, which was obviously cold and occasionally breezy when other patrons arrived or left.
Not sure why the average rating, this place is great. Delivery tends to be a little lighter in regards to portion size, but I've dined in before and had a wonderful experience. Delicious meal every time. My favorites are the (typical) sesame chicken, pan fried dumplings, and roast pork lo mein.
Very Nice Food there!! :) recommend for people who loves to try some spicy Szechuan dishes!
Take out order was lost, been waiting here for 45 mins still haven't gotten my order. Restaurant is dirty and smelly. And women at register is a total idiot. Don't come here.
Same as Reviewer Gigi wrote earlier this month I used to love ordering from this place. Food is delicious and tastes authentic. However I have been having diarrhea since last Friday after picking up take out from there. I had the dan dan noodles and fried dumplings. Don't know what went wrong since I've eaten here many times even same items but don't think I will go back after this level of suffering. Could it be something was spoiled or someone didn't wash their hands?
Not amazing Chinese food but pretty authentic, satisfying, and reasonably priced. Mapo tofu, sauteed string beans, HOT & SOUR SOUP are really good here. I've tried the twice cooked pork and it was not that good.
Fantastic! If you crave authentic Sichuan and Hunan food then this is the place you should go. String beans noodle soup is the best! Also $10 lunch special with soup is a sweet deal, like Mapo tofu. Recommend!
The food was traditional and absolutely wonderful! If you love spicy food this is your spot!! What a great place!! What really made my experience above and beyond excellent was the waiter and his amazing customer service. Not only was Allen an absolute gem he absolutely made my dining experience here not only unforgettable but one of absolute delete. Allen is the only reason I will be returning weekly to order food. He is an outstanding waiter and human being. He is an asset to this restaurant and I will be guaranteed to be returning and recommending this location to my friends, just so they can meet and get the full Allen experience. He made my groups experience pleasant and authentic. He is absolutely an asset to this establishment!!
Skip this place.   Very rude service and food not interesting at all They act as if they are doing you a favor by taking your money
For standard hunan food this is just ok. Order sesame chicken and it was subpar at best.
My American friends, Hunan food is not Sichuan food, it does not have the numb peppers, but just as spicy, if not more. Looooove this place. Their location in murray hill (midtown east) is even better. Stone fried frogs is my favorite and fried pickled beans with minced meat is also a must order.
The minute I walked into this restaurant and I saw no white people eating here and I knew immediately this is a genuine Hunan restaurant. Great food, great service! My waiter took me upstairs to sit on a bigger table since I ordered 3 dishes with my friend and even poured soup for us! If you are here for orange chicken or general Tsao chicken, you are at the wrong place. If you are here for the chili and peppers, you will have a good time!
My friend and I went there on Thursday nite for dinner. We order 3 dishes and one soup only the soup tasted ok other dishes are tasteless it is not really Hunan dishes no salty no spicy  we are very disappointed about that will not come back
Fast service and it's just authentic Hunan food. Key words: authentic Chinese, spicy food. (Non-spicy good dishes also available). Best thing is that they have a menu with pictures, which makes it so much easier for foreigner than reading from translation. You can just look at pictures. I love their stir-fried pork with veggies (小炒肉) and spicy stew fish. (Also heard the spicy stew fish head is really good, will try next time).
Hunan Manor offers average Chinese food. Lunch specials are a great bang for your buck, and it's also impressive that they offer soup dumplings. However, staff will rush you during weekday lunch hours.
Definitely the best Hunan food I've ever had in New York! I ordered spicy fish head (with a LOT of red peppers; but it tastes more like sweet than spicy), braised pork in brown sauce and fried bean sprouts. Though the food are kinda oily, they are indeed delicious. Their sweet-spicy taste are just simply awesome.  As a Chinese raised in Hunan, I would say the food here are pretty authentic.
their lunch special menus are awesome, fills you up, fast, and delicious.Their other special hunan dishes such as the steamed fish head, and casseroles are so good. Very authentic restaurant. A bit small but cozy. Friendly engaging staff. They all speak english very well, and give very good recommendations
Two words: Sodium. Overload.Gross.
Service was shockingly horrible. If you want to experience a moment in New York that you realize you don't want to tip, this is the best place to go.
I am from Hunan and I crave my hometown flavor often, and this is the only Hunan restaurant in the US that's actually pretty authentic, and I live mostly on the west coast in SF and Seattle that supposed have "authentic Chinese food". Just for context Hunan is an inland province in China that's known for its spicy food, cured meat and pickled (and spiced) vegetables. Because it's quite strong flavored it's not very easy to get used to for people who think Panda Express is "Chinese food". We also use a lot of organ parts in our dish. Anyways, this place actually have pretty authentic ingredient and way of cooking. I go there every time I visit NYC.
I went to eat lunch many times. Every dish I have ordered tasted very good and the servant was nice! I highly recommend this place to who likes Chinese food.
They use to have much better food. Especially the smoked beef. But the last time I visited, it was ok. The portion is also much smaller than before
Top 5 Chinese spots. They don't offer all the typical Chinese take-out places but if you're willing to try something especially good and new then come with no fear! Lunches are reasonable priced and portions are reasonable.
Let me put it in this way. The Halal Food cart near my apt has a better service and I live in a shitty place in Queens. Towards the food's quality, they can't survive even one day in China and I would rather choose chicken over rice than their so called Hunan Chinese cuisine.Above comment is from a person that was born and raised in China. This person is willing to walk 30 mins after took 5 hours bus for Chinese food instead of others.
I really want to give zero star if there is one! Most annoying service ever. When I went in, it was quite crowded and noisy, which I understand is the case for most Chinese restaurants. But the waitress didn't listen to me at all but kept asking me to order and pay first. After ordering I stood there for a while and asked when seats would be available. And the waitress said she thought I was ordering to go and insisted that if I chose to dine in, they would charge more! Ridiculous! As for the food, the lunch special for fish filet with garlic sauce had no more than 5 pieces of fish. The most annoying experience ever!
One of my favorite Chinese restaurants ever. Great service, the people are very friendly and they really do their best to give you a great experience. The interior design really makes you feel comfortable and cozy. It is known for its spicy food, but if you don't really like spicy food, there are a ton of other great dishes to choose from.   If you never ate here before, i really recommend you to come here. Some of my favorite dishes from here would be General Tso's chicken(not spicy), Hunan styled spicy fish, Xiao Long Bao(dumpling soup), and mapo tofu. The prices are reasonable so you should definitely try it out :)
Grease and oily unhealthy food!dined there in the past and knew the food was on the oily side so I made clear to the person who took my order that my food this time should be less grease. even told her that my stomach did not feel so good after eating their food last time. the food in general is very tasty...I grew up eating spicy food so this is like comfort food to me. The lady who took my order noted on my take out to have my order made less oily, however, the kitchen guy totally ignored my request, or more scareley this is the less oily version of my food in his/her mind when the oil was like soup in my dish? if you are concern about your health and understand 80% of your calories should NOT come from saturate fat, you need to place your order some place else who does accommodate your wishes, or your health is on the line eating their food.
Not too many ppl on a Sunday evening at 5pm. We came at a party of 3, ordered spicy fish head and pork. Food came very quickly.
A solid option for Chinese near grand central! There isn't really much to comment about on service, but the price and portions are great for midtown. I came here for lunch on Sunday and the place was practically empty. I guess New Yorkers don't really think spicy Chinese when it comes to brunch, but the food was very comforting and authentic. The menu is quite extensive with a fair amount of lunch combos and spicy / non spicy options. The 5 of us ordered the pork+radish soup (non spicy), fried cabbage (spicy), poached fish (spicy), braised pork belly (mild), scallion pancakes (non spicy), and another lightly sautéed veggie dish (can't remember English name sorry!). I would recommend all of the foods that we ordered! The pork belly literally melted in my mouth, and the fish was very tender and tasty. The soup was also a great addition for a cool day in the city.  The scallion pancakes were good but also tinier than what I'm used to seeing, so maybe skip out on this dish unless you're really craving it. Maybe it's just me, but this place seemed to serve mainly Sichuan food rather than Hunan? Either way, I thought the food was delicious!
Trick at the front tryna talk shit about me in Chinese when I tried to make a small alteration to my order. but girlfriend I'm from china, i'm quite fluent in the art of chinese insults. so you better check yoself because trust me when i say you are wrecking yoself. but the manager(i guess owner) was a nice man, thank you sir i appreciate your help! it's just too bad because i like their food a lot. i'd still go back of course, but homegirl can relax for real though. like go on a mini vacation or something cus you tense AF. go pick some apples, make some cider have a drink ja feel me?
Got delivery for water spinach. Waaay too salty. But good ratio of leaves to stems and very fast service!
The food is OK but I found at least two times in my dishes the stainless steel cleaner, which should come when they wash the dishes and it is super scary. The first time was when I ate in this restaurant and saw the steel in my dishes, I complained to the waitress but it seems she did not think it is an important issue. The second time is when I ordered the delivery. I hope the restaurant can really improve on this.
The food was completely tasteless. Fried rice, spicy chicken, soup.... All of it was the same. The only flavor any of it had was bad MSG chalkiness that left an awful after-tastelessness. It was actually inedible. Tried to review on Seamless, too, and was unable.
My coworkers and I have now went to Hunan Manor on more than one occasion. We have ordered to-go and eaten lunch inside the actual restaurant. Final verdict: Order take out lunch special. Not only are the portions for your soup, rice, and main dish bigger, your opinion of the place with not be be damaged by the service. You will get the best deal with the lunch time special!!!And I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt because of the fact that I didn't speak Chinese so therefore that's why the service wasn't the greatest. You can still communicate with them, but there's a strong chance your order may somehow be altered.
Very impressive Hunan restaurant. NYC chinese tends to be overwhelmed with sichuan options, but this is probably the best non-sichuan chinese I've had in the city.We ordered stir fried string beans and the peanut chili chicken dish.  Both were absolutely fantastic. We finished it off with the sesame balls dessert, which was in a thick eggy soup and it was also great. I would recommend any of those dishes.
Chicken and broccoli has to be the easiest and most common item on a Chinese menu, yet this place managed to mess it up. The chicken was ORANGE and PINK! It tasted raw and was completely inedible. After calling and explaining, the guy on the phone was very rude and questioned my intelligence several times by attempting to tell me that the chicken was PINK due to the BROWN sauce. Since when? If I could give this place half a star, I would. Disgusting!
I've only ever gotten 2 dishes here. The Mapo tofu and Young Chow fried rice which are both exactly what they should be which is great considering this is located in midtown.  No need to hike to Ctown for these dishes.  I've also only ever gotten take out.
If I could describe my experience in just four words: salty, undercooked, cold, bland. From one of the few (or maybe the only) Chinese restaurants in the area, I had much higher expectations. I was seated immediately upon entering, but the area around the table I was directed to had food droppings all around, making me question the restaurant's sanitation. As for food, I ordered the pan fried noodles with chicken and soup dumplings and I was disappointed by both. The noodles were drenched in an overly salty sauce with tasteless chicken and vegetables. The server told me that the soup dumplings took 20-25 minutes longer to make, so I expected it to be at least nice and steamy when it came out of the kitchen; instead, I was served cold, undercooked soup dumplings. I've had soup dumplings plenty of times before and this was the first time I have ever been served dumplings that weren't steaming hot (or even warm for that matter). Besides the food, service was rather quick, though the waiters tend to be a bit on the inattentive side, complimentary tea (which is very soothing and tasty) is offered, the price is decent considering location, and you get a free spring roll from checking in! I probably won't ever eat here again, but I can see it as a convenient generic Chinese restaurant for those who live/work nearby.
Ordered the food via Yelp app, lunch special - some chicken with broccoli and hot and sour soup, which was already included. The estimated time was between 10-30 minutes, so I came 15 minutes after ordering to pick up. They had some trouble finding the order, but otherwise was ok. The soup was ok, but nothing special, a bit too viscid for me. The chicken was unusually pink color, so I was a bit sceptical at the beginning whether I got the right order. I did. Wasn't bad, but I think I am done.
Came here with a large group and tried a wide array of traditional Hunan dishes.  I'm not sure why there are so many haters, I can only guess that they were upset that this wasn't like the chinese food they're used to getting via delivery in their home town.  If you do Hunan food correctly it will probably push your boundaries.  Here's what we tried:Sauteed Preserved Pork with Dried String Beans (AWESOME)Chairman Mao's Red-Braised PorkBraised Sliced Beef with Chili SauceChicken with Hot Red Pepper (this is less boundary pushing)Steamed Eggplant with Salty Duck Egg YolkSauteed Preserved Beef with White Chili Tea-Smoked DuckScallion PancakeSteamed Fish Head w. Chopped Chiles,Preserved pork w. Dried Turnips.I would definitely come back.
It's pretty good though a bit erratic where heat is concerned.  I had Dan Dan noodles that were so hot they were inedible (and I like food hot).  The sauteed string beans are very garlicky...much more so than I've ever had before and there is no flavor to the dumplings.  On another trip you could find the Dan Dan noodles have no heat and the dumplings are too spicy to eat.  No idea why it's so inconsistent.
Hunan cuisine is quite heavy on flavors, but it has always been like that throughout Hunan. The dishes at Hunan Manor are quite authentic even though they do have some American Chinese dishes for customers of different preferences as well. Some of their popular demanded dishes were their steamed fish head in chili oil, tea smoked duck, farmhouse stir-fried pork, sour string bean rice noodles, and general tso chicken. Their tea-smoked duck is so delicious, it takes around 15 minutes to make, but the meat is so juicy and flavorful. The fish head takes 25 minutes to steam but you can always order it right away so it will arrive with your other dishes. Every dish pretty much goes well with rice. Definitely worth the try if you're craving something home cooked that's spicy or not.
Man I used to love this place but it feels like it may be under new management - food isn't As authentic (they served me green peppers I. My favorite spicy beef dish and cheaper cuts of meat) waaaahhhhhh!  I'll be finding a new go to place in the neighborhood
Came here for dinner with a friend. Food was pretty good in terms of taste. They have a pretty exotic menu and maybe too exotic for me (chicken legs, pork ear, etc). Service was relatively fast, but very annoying. Three separate servers came asking if we want to order drinks. The place looks a bit old. My guess - not by design.
We decided to try Hunan Manor for dinner on Saturday because it was close to our hotel and had good reviews on Yelp. We were extremely tired from lack of sleep from flying in earlier that day and decided to order for takeout and eat back at the comfort of our hotel. We ordered three dishes: 1) eggplant with minced pork garlic sauce, 2) sesame chicken, and 3) Hunan style chow mein. The first two dishes each came with a side of rice. But, I really wish we knew this before ordering because in the end, we had too much food for the two of us, and we ended up tossing the leftovers.The food has some spiciness to it, but it varies. I found the eggplant dish to be very mild. The eggplant was cooked nicely to the point where it's not too mushy, but still soft. But, overall, I found the dish to be extremely oily. The sesame chicken dish was alright. They used white meat that wasn't dry. The sauce had a little acidity to it, but it wasn't overbearing. I did get tired of it very quickly though. And finally, the chow mein was somewhat bland. For some reason, the noodles stayed hot (temperature) 30 minutes after we started eating. I found that a bit strange, but I'm not complaining; having hot food stay hot should be a good thing. The chicken that came with the chow mein was too chewy, and the noodles remind me of linguini. It was also the spiciest of our three orders.So, overall, Hunan Manor has decent food. The extensive menu offers many dishes that range from mild to very spicy, which caters to different peoples' preferences. I think it's a bit more expensive than other standard Chinese restaurants and not really worth it.
The pork they used in their soup was smelling and the waitress told us that all pork in America is smelling, which is ridiculous. We were not happy about their awful service so we didn't give them 15% tip. Seeing that we didn't give them much tip, they threw the bill folder back to us and forced us to change the amount. Since we refused to do so, they had really bad attitude when we left.
Might be the best Hunan food I've had in the U.S. Loveeeeee spicy food although they can be kinda oily here. Authentic Chinese food!
The food was wonderful and the wait staff were also great - quite funny.
Divine; every dish a flavour revelation. The spicy beef had me welling up with pain and delight. The aubergines and beans, and the water spinach, provide crunchy, squishy vegetarian respite. Fat Singapore noodles keep you going. It's full of noisy, largely Asian clients sitting around heaving tables, and is serviced by a couple of wry waiters with a great line in understated humour. This is Chinese like we're not used to - familiar contours, but a whole new palette of flavours and hotness.Days later, I felt like the old man in Tiki Tiki Tembo - awoken, with the deepest reluctance, from a most wonderful dream, to which I yearned to return.
good
Great place to have the authentic Chinese food!!! Specially like their noodles and chili fish with tofu. I rarely write a review on Yelp, but this place is a must to go place with great service and amazing food!!!
The delivery was proper time. The delivery guy was nice too. Their Wanton soup was delicious.I had a Pork with garlic sauce, which was a little too spicy for me. I should've ordered something else... Still their service is great.
They have become my go too place for Chinese food now, I have been able to customize a number of the authentic Hunan dishes to my liking & spice level. The Dry Tofu made with onions and peppers without the Beef is my favorite.The whole green peppers is also awesome even though its not on the lunch menu, as they know I am a regular they also provide me a higher level of service.Only things is that they keep flipping between an A & B restaurant food inspection periodically, no idea why. Food is contently good.
When I think of Chinese food in New York, I typically bucket it under 3 different categories: 1) Sichuan, 2) Canto / Dim sum, and 3) Westernized / fusion. Obviously there's a lot more than that out there, which is why I think Hunan Manor is unique in the city - it's authentic Chinese food that doesn't fit in any of those buckets. And it's pretty darn good.Came here with a large group of people so quite honestly I'm not even sure what we got. However, everything here is pretty good and tastes like traditional Chinese home cooking. Some dishes are spicy which is my favorite, but it's not power spicy like typical Sichuan. Regardless, everything comes flavor packed - I think Chinese is great at finding savory blends - maybe it's the MSG, but dude even if it's unhealthy if you're coming to a Chinese restaurant and you can't stand MSG, maybe you should be going to Just Salad down the street.Some dishes that stand out - I'd go for the soft tofu and seafood dishes because those are the dishes that truly bring out Chinese cooking flavors because they soak up the juices well. There's a spicy frog leg dish here, too, which is pretty good but I'd actually stay away because there's way too many of those small bones which make the meat hard to pick at.Will be coming again!
Don't recommend this restaurant. Forced to give more service fee even though the dishes are just so so and we are only the party of 2.
Good jasmine tea, we asked 3 dishes - eggplant which never came, so we ended up not eating it, we had the fried rice - good; the hunan chicken with peanuts, carrots and celery - delicious! The service was really good
Ordered the Chicken with Mixed Veggies, very good very spicy which I LOVE, but it was a little oily. Ordered the Hot & Sour soup, which I didn't like very much, I think I will stick to my usual spot for Lunch. waited about 40 Mins for Delivery Not bad!
This place is just good. Not as amazing as it sounds at first, but definitely worth a try. The fish head was their most famous dish, though a bit too salty and it takes too long to cook. Other than good, their service was nice as well.
Even being a foodie got me 4 times food poisoning, but This restaurant is the only place I did consider to sue.I was born in Hunan Chang Sha so when they open the first restaurant in flushing I was super happy. The flushing one is still my favorite Hunan food in east coast,but the one in Manhattan is horrible. We ordered green peppers salted cured duck egg, It came up with eggplant and green papers Me :this is not what we ordered, the one shown on the menus pictures does not have eggplants. Waitress: " our food is different from the menu pics.Me: "so why you use those pictures?She say:" it's just a reference Me: I went to your flushing location they made the exactly same food like the menu pictures.Waitress:" you want it or not? This is how we cook this dish"We were so mad because of her attitude of course we say we want to return it.  And the frog we order after we return that green paper dish, everything taste really really bad!!( I hope they didn't put anything bad in there because we got food poisoning after that)We order 6 dishes that night, only the sour beans and the Chang Sha mi fen taste as good as flushing one. Everything else taste so bad.And guess what, three out of four of us all got food poisoning after we got home. When bad things happens you should find out the reason so you could prevent the similar thing from happening again. No matter how bad I'm craving for my hometown food I will never go backTo this place again, or I would rather drive 30 more minutes to the flushing Hunan manor. Failed on food and custumer service. Shame on you, as a girl from Hu nan I really don't think their costumer service and business ethic represent hunanese.
Service is underwhelming.  they never smile and seem as if i am intruding on carry-out.  I have had take-out several times.  Noodles are awful, shrimp dish is tasteless and vegetable have been soggy and brown rice is like Elmer's glue.  Plus it is pricey for the quality and quantity.  I am not going back-ever.
Highs and lows...be forewarned.  I will say that there are a handful of dishes I have really loved, including the lamb, but I have also suffered a bunch of misses.  I strongly recommend focusing your eating on the Hunan menu and Special menu.  Other dishes have been less satisfying--though the moo shu was very nice.  Overall, the menu is heavy: many dishes have copius amounts of fat or oil or both; more so than other chinese places.  Accordingly, it is ideal if you can share a heavier dish and a lighter dish with someone.
Very authentic. Try the big dishes like fish head, dry pot everything. Those are the local food!!
Lunch special is highly recommended! A main dish with soup or spring roll and rice for around $10.
My girlfriend and I ordered food from this restaurant for our Sunday dinner. However, it was a disappointment. The food was dull and had little to no flavor. I do not recommend eating here. Also, didn't sit well in either of our stomachs.
I asked for recommendations and got 3 classic Hunan dishes: Steamed Fish Head w. Chopped Chiles, Minced pork and Bean Curd Sheets, and my favorite Sautéed preserved pork w. Dried Turnips. I felt fulfillment. Dried Turnips are homemade and very authentic that I don't think you can find it anywhere in NYC. Steamed Fish Head is worth to have a try. This restaurant reminds me of those counterparts in China. I strongly recommend you have a journey to this authentic Hunan food, especially for Chinese students and scholars.
Sorry to have to give it one star but the chicken lunch special with soup I had here was really pretty terrible.  If you're going, go for the specialty dishes they are known for I guess.
Hunan Manor serves authentic Chinese food but it doesn't means the food is delicious. The chopped chiles fish head, a signature Hunan dish, is so disappointing.
I had sweet & sour chicken here but annoyed b/c it had no pineapple or ample red & green peppers like I'm used to in my sweet & sour chicken served in a restaurant vs. getting take out.  My friend wanted ribs but they didn't have them.  Service was not too great.  You had to flag people down to get anything, which was truly annoying.  I was just looking for a decently rated chinese food place nearby where I could get sweet & sour chicken.
horrible delivery service. food arrived 90 minutes late and cold. the woman on the phone could care less. never again
My family is from Hunan, and in the US, it is oh-so-difficult to find a proper Hunan restaurant that serves REAL Hunan food. This is the only one in Manhattan. Most of the authentic Chinese restaurants in NYC focus on Szechuan...where is the Hunan love??Anyway, as you can imagine, I was ecstatic to discover Hunan Manor right in midtown Manhattan. My only disappointment is that I didn't discover it sooner. The place was packed on a Tuesday night. I went in with high expectations for authentic Hunan cuisine, and I was not let down. Oh how long it's been since I've had good spicy sour bean curd. Lastly, I went in prepared for rude customer service (as is often the case with authentic Chinese restaurants). The staff was so POLITE and cordial!!! All around a great experience.
This is a cozy environment and the service is great. Nice traditional Hunan restaurant with fair price!
Fantastic food and good service! Strongly recommended! I've been here couple of times, especially like the stinky tofu and rice noodle here.
Whoever said it's not authentic or its not delicious, all i can tell them is that you guys probably have bad taste.
Ooh, I ordered General Tso's and it was pretty bad; red sauce on the chicken did not smell nice and I only ate the accompanying rice.
I came here with my parents when they came to visit and we loved it. I'm no expert on Hunan cuisine, but it seemed pretty authentic! I loved their soup dumplings, scallion pancake and the double pan-fried noodles (though these might not be authentic dishes). We enjoyed everything and ended up with extras. It wasn't greasy or heavy, but comfortably filling. The service is pretty good. It wasn't too crowded since we went around 8  or 9 pm, but the staff despite the late-ish hour were very accommodating and super nice. They weren't rude or anything. Definitely coming back here again sometime!
Very good local authentic Chinese (Hunan) dishes. A lot of variety and selection, good service and staff. Their lunch specials are worth the price. Good portion size. Give it a try!
Good food, but very unpleased with the service + standard tip included (15%) although we were a party of only 3.
Hunan Manor, located in Murray Hill, is surrounded by hotels, residences and office buildings.  Although I don't know too much about Hunan cuisine, what I do know is that it shares the fiery heat of Sichuan cuisine.  It was my first visit to Hunan Manor. We were greeted with a huge, generous pot of free oolong tea. This turned out to be a great idea as it helped to offset the heat that was to come. As a Hunan food novice, I noticed that there were dishes on the menu that included pig's feet, various organ meats, and dried cured meats in stir fries. Perhaps these are the signature dishes in Hunan cuisine. We decided to go conservative and order the Chicken with Hot Red Peppers, the Sauteed Lamb with Chili Peppers and the Spicy Slippery Tofu.The Chicken with Hot Red Peppers was deep fried white meat chicken with a spicy, I believe, five spice powder coating. It was dry stir fried with mounds of dried red chili peppers served on a big platter. This dish to me was a departure from Sichuan in the sense that the chicken was dry - just dry stir fried - as opposed to a slight glaze you would get at a Sichuan restaurant. As for the heat, it was palpable, but a dry heat. The Sauteed Lamb with Chili Peppers dish was prepared differently. The lamb was sliced in paper-thin slices and sauteed with dried chili peppers and chinese cilantro. This dish was the highlight of the meal. The chili peppers infused into the lamb and provided a potent spiciness. Evident was also the typical gaminess of lamb but it was oh so good!Finally we had the intriguing dish call Spicy Slippery Tofu. This was young tofu, sliced in quarter inch thick slivers, in a pepper sauce. Although the sauce was reddish, it was very mild. So if you're  a fan of hot and spicy food, you should avoid this one. I must say however, that this dish had the pleasant squishy mouth feel of young tofu.Food here is chopped in small chunks, typical of what you would see in China and the rest of Asia. It's all perfect for chopsticks. Although this wouldn't be noticed by regular diners, those who come from Asia would notice it. A nice touch in my book. Service was prompt and courteous at Hunan Manor. The crowd here is a mix of those in the neighborhood so it varies. Also, the music isn't turned on too loud here, so you can definitely carry on a conversation. Prices here are moderate, mostly ranging between $10 to $16 an entree. Judging from my first visit, Hunan Manor offers much to try and my first impressions were good indeed!
I find it remarkable to find a beautiful and authentic restaurant like this in Midtown. You can tell it is truly authentic because most of the people working there are from Hunan, and I was able to find that out because a majority of the staff is bilingual, which I personally find an extra plus. I am a huge fan of spice from my South Eastern Asian background so if you like spice, they definitely got it. I can't even explain how fantastic the food was, everything was so fresh and warm. The ambiance in the restaurant was lovely compared to how busy and hectic it is outside in midtown. Out of the various options, I indulged in the garlic lamb chops and it was splendid. I definitely recommend it, I firmly believe it is your money's worth. It is not crazy expensive and in return you practically feel like your in China.  I highly recommend this restaurant if you are a huge fan of Chinese food and are done with terrible mimics of it
Full disclosure, this review is only about the pork soup dumplings and pickled cabbage, which are the only things I've tried.I ordered these items for pickup for lunch, because I really crave soup dumplings.  When I got them back to my office (only 2 blocks), all the dumplings were broken.  The flavor relied too heavily on vinegar and did not have a satisfying broth, either. I'm very disappointed.I think it's on me for ordering pickled cabbage.  It smells awful, but what was I expecting.  The hot peppers make it easier to eat.
Couldn't find any fault with the food but when a cockroach is climbing the wall of the booth your sitting in its tough to rebound after seeing that.  Says a lot about my dad standing up to kill the moving wall decoration but it says a lot more about the Hunan team unwilling to discount a respectable amount of our tab.  I understand things happen in restaurants but this was disgusting.
My younger co-worker, multi international, Mandarin, Japanese and English speaker go to source for all Chinese things non-Cantonese brought me here after the lines at Ma Po Tofu across the street was out the door. Solid Hunan/Sichuan food stop for lunch now. Going to try to go through the whole lunch menu!
They said their food was spicy but really it was medium spice grease. The dumplings in chili sauce were average and not spicy even though i was warned about the apparent spice when I ordered. The chicken in spicy garlic sauce was not spicy nor did it taste of garlic, the beef with red peppers was just fried crispy peppers and peanuts with a tiny amount of beef. Won't be going back.
Was taken here by a friend the other day along with some acquaintances. Though I spent much more than I'd have liked to due to us all sharing several entrees, the food (which was not usually Chinese food I eat) was very tasty and good. Our food connoisseur is from the Hunan province in China herself and she said that this is what she and her family traditionally eat at home. A nice experience along with some jazzy and smooth music playing in the place.
Ordered drinks, brought them out and there was a bug in one of them. We got up to walk out and one of the workers was yelling at us telling us that we can't leave and to come back and sit down. The whole atmosphere of the restaurant just felt gross, and the bug in the drink was proof that it really was.
I like hunan house which is actually same brand but this spot really sucks. They put so much salt in each dish, don't know how it comes.
It's been a while since I've been so excited about a restaurant. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes. We had these, and all were delightful: Sauteed Preserved Pork with Dried String BeansChairman Mao's Red-Braised PorkBraised Sliced Beef with Chili SauceChicken with Hot Red PepperSteamed Eggplant with Salty Duck Egg YolkSauteed Preserved Beef with White Chili (try a white chili; they are delicious and not too spicy)
I've been here twice, once with a colleague, but so far Hunan Manor offers by far the best Chinese food I've had.  I've been to every Manhattan Szechuan and Shanghaiese spot and while I have been underwhelmed by the former and pleased with most of the latter, I have to say that this place outstrips them all. The five stars are for the food and the service. The decor is straightforward but nicely done and spotless.  First time out we had the spicy cold tofu for an appetizer and the sour string bean mei fun soup, which they kindly made vegetarian for me. The tofu was amazing and I love tofu. The soup was a huge portion and also delicious, as others have noted. Super spicy too and I love spicy.  They take no pity on the white boys here, ha. My friend Dan had a tangerine chicken lunch special and it was apparently ok, but looked like sweet and sour chicken to me. I'd recommend avoiding the pedestrian lunch specials, especially if you're vegetarian, for the Hunanese menu.  I had Hunan bamboo shoots, also extra spicy, and there was truth in adversting. I'd never had shoots of this texture -- they were almost like delicious porcini mushrooms -- and the portion again was huge (not cheap at 15 bucks though).I had enough left over for dinner and lunch, however, so I withdraw my complaint. Today I went back alone to try the spicy mustard greens, recommended by the NY Times.  First I ordered the wood ear fungus in vinegar -- would not do so again.  Chewy and in what tasted like standard white vinegar with raw garlic.However the greens were simple and simply delicious.  As others have noted the chefs here REALLY dice their vegetables small and I would guess this addes to the wonderful, charred, smoky wok taste the greens had. Fantastic.
I noticed Hunan Manor (which has it's other restaurant in Flushing) the other day my  coworker and I decided to go to Mapo Tofu.  It replaced the terrible Red Curry Thai restaurant and for that I'm happy.On top of that, Hunan Manor really gives Mapo Tofu a run for its money. If you're comparing the lunch specials between the two restaurants there won't be much difference, however there are a few more traditional items on the lunch menu at Hunan Manor compared to Mapo Tofu.If you venture off the normal American Chinese dishes, you'll find that they actually have surprisingly decent Hunan food here.  The dishes are prepared the way you would expect them to, which may or may not scare away the less experienced.Overall for a Midtown East Chinese spot, this place is definitely a solid choice.  Prices are a bit higher on the non-special items, but they do it right.  As for the lunch specials they're pretty competitively priced so it's definitely a good spot.They did some minor renovations in here so there's no more super long ramp, but a chopped up zig zagging ramp which makes for more dining room. That's a plus, you're no longer sitting in someone else' lap.
Ridiculously spicy food!!! Very very authentic though. It has all types of local varieties that you could imagine.  I guess I'm away from China for too long, can't handle those food any more... but all my Chinese peers really indulged in it. Final tip: on the second place there's a HUGE table that could host more than 25 people.
I feel their food are generally too salty and the service is slow, especially one waiter (a half bald middle-aged man) is very rude. This noon, he even yelled at the customers and spoke a lot of rude words.
Was here a few days ago with a few coworkers for lunar New Year celebration.  We ordered the stinky bean curd for appetizer.  For main dishes, we went with the Slice Fish With Red Pepper Soup, Lamb With Cumin Flavor and Stir-fry Potherb Mustard.  We all enjoyed the slice fish. It reminds me of some dish I had at a Yunnan style restaurant before. The lamb dish was very good too.
If you want to wait 35mins for some lukewarm take-out and engage with an incredibly rude hostess, then Hunan Manor is the place to go!I ordered take-out from Hunan Manor over lunch and was appalled by the service I received from the hostess - the lady who is meant to be warm and welcoming face of the restaurant. Not only did I wait 35 minutes for my order but when I inquired about the status of my order given the people who ordered after me had already received their food, the hostess lied to me saying that the other people had called ahead previously. I knew this not to be true as I was standing next to them when they ordered! All you need in an instance like this is a little reassurance that your order is on the way and some sort of an apology for the wait. I received neither. In fact, the only explanation the hostess offered me was 'the chef is slow'... probably not the best advertising move on her part. Just to top it off when my food did arrive, the soup I ordered was lukewarm.I hold the hostess 100% accountable for this negative experience. Her rudeness and inconsiderate nature (not even offering to check on the order for me, just turning away and speaking to someone else) really brings down the overall pleasantness of this lunch spot. This is a real shame, as the food itself is generally quite nice and the servers I have dealt with previously have been helpful and welcoming.
Hands down one of my favorite places to eat in the city! I am a regular at the restaurant now ever since my friend introduced me to it a month back. My family is originally from Hunan and let me tell you, the food taste so authentic I feel like I am eating at a Hunan restaurant in China. I highly recommend any of the preserved meat dishes and if you are adventurous, I would definitely try the bull fish head with chilli peppers. It's not only a signature dish of Hunan but they also prepare it just like how it's suppose to be. The fish is very tender and flavorful!The only reason I give it 4 stars is because I like my meat stir fried pretty dry and they leave it with a bit of gravy in the dishes.
Oof - quick lunch was not good:1. Lunch special prices went up - $7 menu in front window, but menu they give you is $8.95+.2. Hot & sour soup was good, but Kung Pao chicken was WAY too salty, with one-dimensional spicing (one-note, fairly mild heat) and humdrum, undercooked vegetables. Tea was like hot water.3. "Grade Pending" health dept rating in window?Pass, next time...
We ordered：鳝鱼 鸡杂 空心菜 you may try them(see the receipt attached) it's really nice. We came on New Year's Day after lunch around 2pm. No much people eating there, the environment is nice and clean. Waiters are great.
Will never order here again. Placed an order for an item that they didn't deliver tonight. I called the restaurant and they were polite and apologetic. They said they would send someone to redeliver the right item right away. I went to get the delivery and the delivery man basically threw the bag at me. When I went to check the bag, the item I ordered was not there. It was just a complimentary soup that we did not order. We called the restaurant again and they accused us of playing a practical joke on them. Accused us of lying and told us repeatedly to check the bag for an item that was clearly not inside. They gave us a huge attitude and asked us repeatedly "Are you kidding me? Are you joking me?" when there was no reason to lie. We asked them to credit our account and they said no they can't do that since we were lying. They took our money but never delivered what was ordered and gave terrible customer service. Never again will I order from this place. I will report this issue to Seamless.
Good, not great Chinese food. The chicken in my General Tso's was overly done, very chewy. The rice was fine. Overall, I wouldn't eat there again, but it's not the worst I've ever had.
The food are just too salty to me... Even for the stir fried vegetables... We had six dishes. None of them are spicy enough to be considered from Hunan... Maybe the saltiness is ?
terrible resturatant in nyc. They ask for tips with horrible service. I don't like this restaurant.
Went here for lunch once as it's literally right around the corner from the office (also right across the street from Mapo Tofu which is quite comical)I had Mapo Tofu the day before so the comparison was fresh in mind. I ordered the Twice Cooked Pork and really enjoyed both the dish. I loved that it came with some dried tofu (which Mapo doesn't include) and the taste, which is more flavorful and relies less on just peppers. However, my one biggest problem is that the portion was extremely small. Even though the price is cheaper than Mapo Tofu, I'd almost pay a bit more for a slightly larger portion.I'm also not a big fan of their vegetable fried rice as it literally is brown (from all of the soy sauce). Mapo Tofu's fried rice on the other hand is white- slightly yellow from the egg, veggies and obviously oil used for stir fry, which I prefer. Overall a good experience and I'm looking forward to trying other things on their menu!
love this place average price. good food. regular chinese service. i might come here again.
We ordered take out, we had to wait 49 minutes for an order of dumplings. Doesn't make any sense, no one seems to know what happened with our food, a woman told us about an issue with the kitchen, however food was coming out for the tables. Bad service. On the other side dumplings were good.
Ordered shredded beef with hot green peppers and rice. Great flavor and good portion size. Got here in 40 min on a rainy day. Would definitely come back again.
I was walking up Lexington, starving to death and armed with an iPhone and the Yelp Monocle to find me a local place to grub down. When I saw a Chinese place with 4 stars instead of the typical 3 stars, I decided to cross the street do a walk-by.Two things immediately jumped out at me: First, the lunch menu advertised all lunch meals for $7; and second, they had won some 'Golden Grub' award for their General Tso's Chicken.Did I mention that I love General Tso even more than Colonel Sanders and Captain Morgans?Armed with a $7 bill and hunger cramps, I was the first one seated at the beginning of the lunch time shift. The waitress came over and handed me a menu.First bad sign: All lunch meals were $8.95."Ni Hau, Kailan!" I shouted, "How come the menu in front says $7 and mine says $8.95? Did I get the out-of-town tourist menu?"No, she reassured me: The menu in the window is for TAKE-OUT ONLY.But...but...it just read LUNCH MENU, not TAKE OUT. That seems kinda sneaky."Ha!" she replied, "Ancient Chinese Secret!"Oh well. I ordered the General Tso, which comes with your choice of white or brown rice and a choice of soup or vegetable roll.The food arrived and it had a presentation worthy of being $14.95. Two small stalks of fresh broccoli and some piping hot General Tso chicken covered in that mystery reddish goop that keeps us coming back for more.I immediately dug in and was rewarded with a burnt tongue.Patience, Daniel-san.I counted to 20 and tried again. The sauce was perfect -- spicy but not too spicy. The chicken was cooked to perfection -- crisp and juicy. The only flaw in my opinion was the use of dark meat. I got a chunk of inedible gristle that I had to spit out and the chicken meat just didn't seem to be of a high quality. That being said, the sauce and crispiness, together with my high level of hunger allowed me to finish the entire dish in less than the time it takes Joey Chestnut to eat 67 1/2 hot dogs on July 4th.The service was impeccable. A nice waiter came by to pour my coke ($2 per can) into my glass three times and the manager asked me how I discovered Hunan Manor.My answer was the same as the noise my stomach was already making:YELP!
i've just recently started exploring all that chinese food has to offer, so i decided i'd try this place because of the hunan cuisine.we asked the waiter what he would suggest and we very quickly told us about numbing chicken and the tofu/shrimp hot plate. i asked how the black bean chicken was, and he said that is "american chinese" and not what this restaurant is known for.....he was so firm that even when i was about to order, he said we should just stick to his suggestions.so we did. -hot & sour soup - 3.5/5 - nothing gone wrong or great, but couldve been more hot. all vegetarian-numbing chicken - 4/5 - this is NOT on the menu, so you have to ask for it. it is SPICY like none other. its all just stif fried chicken and raw chilis (red, green).....a little difficult to eat because the spice is intense, but we both really enjoyed it because we LOVE spicy food.-hot plate - 3/5 - the flavor was just not my thing...we were stuffed by the end of the meal and we ended up paying $45-ish. not bad.
FOOD:  was far too salty and lacked any authentic Chinese flavor.  I feel they really mailed it in.SERVICE:  was generally polite, but not very fast.  Hot tea is complimentary.AMBIANCE:  is clean and cozy, but not too small.VALUE:  it costs about $18 or so per person, which is slightly on the pricey side for Chinese food, particularly if it's not good.
I think this is the best Chinese in Midtown Manhattan and, for those of us that don't know the authentic local spots, the best in the city. Now this is a 5-star takeout place, I am obviously not putting this place in the same ball park as NYC's best gourmet restaurants, but for your typical Chinese experience, this is the best.For starters, if you get takeout, the lunch special is $7 and easily comes with enough food for 2 days (this coming from someone who seldom lets anything become a leftover). They give you a big round container of your entree, a pint of your choice of rice, and a big container of the best hot and sour soup ever. It is so spicy and delicious.As for dine-in, an equally pleasant experience. The place is CLEAN, (they have an A, but I mean it just looks clean in there). It's done like a nice family-style restaurant, a great break from the busy nature of midtown. I like to go there by myself and just enjoy a nice quiet meal and some tea. The lunch special is $8.50 when you dine in, but they give you more food and the service is excellent. Somehow they manage to all be attending to you without making you feel bothered or disturbed. If you even think about duck sauce, they are there handing you a saucer of it. Most importantly, the food is delicious! I always get the minced pork with sour string bean or the tangerine chicken, and both are so good. I've also had the sesame chicken as well as the chicken and broccoli, which are also both great. I can't think of a single con for this place, and I especially appreciate that in midtown, you can find such a great meal, with great atmosphere and great service for such a low price. Less food in the terrible Grand Central Chinese place costs $13. This place is a real gem.
I'm so surprised by the review this place got. This is nothing like the hunan manor in flushing!everything we order was mediocre. The worst dish I've ever had on the little island of manhattan these 2 years by far, has to be their Steamed fish head with Chopped chiles. It had a such repulsive taste to it that it wasn't touch very much and no one bothered to asked us why. if you want non-stop diarreah at 3am in the morning and whole day next day then by all means go here.
Came here to meet up with a friend. It's a clean little restaurant with great delicious and authentic Chinese food. Absolutely THE PLACE for "sour string bean" - Suan Dou Jiao. I'm so deeply in love with it. We also ordered Spicy Chicken with Dry Red Pepper. very good.Also love the Pork Rib with Seaweed Soup!! It's so warm and nice. Good choice for winter.Service was okay.
The most terrible service and delivery man I've ever dealt with. Multiple times. Won't give them any more chance. Stay away from this place please.
Great restaurant. Seems to have the same owner as Hunan House and I like both equally well. Very authentic Chinese restaurant and usually not very crowded.
How is this place not four stars?!?  Stick with the specialty and more traditional dishes, and I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.  The Hunan style sliced fish is tender and tasty with just the right amount of spice;  also comes garnished with freshly crisp steamed broccoli. I've also tried the Mao style braised pork - a great dish, although the pork will be too fatty for some.The dining room is pleasant, but nothing special, and the service is friendly.  Not the cheapest chinese food, to be sure, but a good value if you are sharing family style with a group of friends.  Enjoy :)
Even with all of the great Chinese restaurants in Manhattan I sometimes get a craving for Hunan Shrimp which is hard to find!  Hunan Manor is a great alternative to all of the wonderful Sichuan restaurants in midtown.  I also had a decent order of Ma Po tofu.  It was not up to the level of the restaurant that bears its name across the street, but it is worth the visit for the Hunan Shrimp.  I did also have the egg drop soup which is something I would not recommend, and this place does not have a good selection of soups.  Still I am anxious to return.
the middle part of their special dish, "Steamed Fish Head w. Chopped Chiles" is not fully cooked, we asked the waiter to send it back. A guy looks like manager brought the dish back after 10 mins and told us "since we already had few bites of that fish, they could only offer us some discount of the dish". =.=" We were not asking for anything, but how we got to know the fish is not cooked enough if we didn't eat it. The conversation was weird, and the service was not either professional or attentive.
湘水山莊:Good close-to-real-as-you-can-get in Midtown, with friendly staff and nice interior. Some items have the real Hunan spices, while others missed. Good place for lunch with co-workers.
Hunan Manor is definitely not the best Chinese food I've ever had but it sure is far from being the worst. We came here after a few hours at Wharf Bar just a few blocks away to grab some food before meeting our friends at Joshua Tree. I'm always game for dumplings so we headed over, just a short 5 minute walk. We walked in and sat down. Hunan manor isn't a hole in the wall. It's just a no frills standard casual Chinese place. I'm pretty standard when is comes to Chinese so I asked for the staples. Wonton soup (which they don't have), fried dumplings and scallion pancakes. My friends / boyfriend got chicken w. broccoli and general tso's and we all dug in and shared.My favorite part of the meal were the dumplings. General tso's is always fatty no matter where you go, though this definitely was not bad as compared to many other restaurants especially the hole in the wall Chinese places. The chicken with broccoli was a little salty and the scallion pancakes were standard. They definitely could have been better. Overall, you wont question whether or not you're getting chicken or cat in your food but I wouldn't call this a four star food or restaurant experience.
Decent hunan cuisine. As a hunan native I would give 4 stars because of its great location and fast service. Me and my mom dined there on a snowy night and the spicy food definitely cheered us up! Not spectacular, mind-blowing goodies but definitely worth a try. I would suggest order the frog, the green pepper with pi dan, the shan yu and hunan noodle! ( you have to try the hunan noodle, it is not the flat and wide noodle but still good). Don't order the ordinary general tso or sweet and sour cuz you are missing the authentic hunan cuisine!
Was in the mood for some spicy Chinese so ordered from here tonight for the first time based on the reviews.  It didn't start so well.Food took almost an hour to come (!) and after I paid for it, realized that they got both dishes wrong.  I decided to keep one of them and called the restaurant to see if they'd replace the other.  The lady on the phone was extremely polite and very apologetic.  I told them that I'd give the delivery man the order I didn't want when he returned.  He came back 20minutes later with the one I really ordered, gave me a dollar for the difference, and refused to take the other order with him.  When I called the restaurant to tell them, the lady said they were sorry for the troubles and no need to return it.Now that's customer service, and more importantly, the food was delicious!  I'll be ordering again when the mood strikes!
Beyond expectations!We were greeted by the manager who gently guided us through the sophisticated menu choices other than the traditional fare.The service was great and the food was even better.No need to schlep to Chinatown...its all here in Murray Hill at Hunan Manor!Bon appetit.
I was walking around the area with my friend trying to figure out what to eat, so he just randomly selected this place. I thought it would be great, since there were so many Chinese people here, but it was just very average.I had the mapo tofu with minced pork. The majority of the dish was tofu, with barely any pork. I was a bit disappointed at that.  It was on the salty and greasy side, but you can taste the spices. My friend had some tangerine orange I believe, and it was too sweet. I'm assuming only Americans order this, since it was fried and drenched in sweet sauce. Similar to General Tsao's Chicken.I coudn't finish my dish, but I left feeling hungry. I just didn't want to eat the grease that the tofu was swimming in. The grease affected me afterwards, and it was especially unbearable when your work day consists of sitting at a cube for 10 hours straight. Slavery. I never choose to eat Chinese food anyways, but when you can't think of anything to eat, you just kinda eat wherever. Next time, I'm definitely choosing the place.
Food is good.  I ordered for pick up online.  They sent me an email with total cost.  When I got there everything cost more.  The rudest girl in the whole world yelled at me saying that it wasn't her problem, it was that the website did not reflect the new menu prices.  They did not honor the price i was quoted.  That my friends is just crappy business.
Great food. We had sour beans, rice noodle, hooves and garlic pork. Each portion was big enough for at least four people. Will definitely go back.
I was in the neighborhood and Just randomly found this place. Ordered a fish and ginger dish and it's out of this world. I have a class of restaurants I call "food-lover's restaurant" and this is definitely one of them. I highly recommend it, if all dishes are like this one.
Not your usual Midtown Manhattan Chinese Food joint.From the outside, it looks run of the mill take out joint, but once you start sampling the menu, it is quickly apparent that this is hardcore, authentic Chinese.  IGNORE the "American Chinese" part of the menu - you'd be wasting your time and the time of the brilliant chefs in the kitchen.  Everything we ordered was good.  Read and re-order if you can, though I apologize I have no idea the official names of these dishes, but from the quality of everything we ate, I'm pretty sure all the good stuff is REALLY good.*Fish and preserved vegetables soup - delish*Stewed winter melon - um, YUM*Pork belly casserole - amazing*Goose stomach with bamboo shoots - um, ridiculously good.  The stomach is shaved to the same size as the bamboo and so you cannot identify what is what in this jumble of goodness*Dried beef with dried peppers - super tastyPut all of this over white rice and it is indeed one of the most satisfying Chinese food meals ever in Manhattan, and definitely #1 in midtown.
Worst delivery ever!! Will never order from here again!! Ordered food from here, food is okay, but service is horrible. Food took over an hour and half to arrive to my door and then the delivery man had the audacity to demand a bigger tip! He was so incredibly rude. Wouldn't give me my food and told me a $2 tip on $10 of food was too little. I didn't have change to give more and he kept demanding more. Wouldn't leave. He himself was complaining that this was too far to deliver (something he should take up with his management not me!) he wasted 20 minutes of my time, needless to say DO NOT ORDER TAKE OUT FROM THEM. WORST DELIVERY EVER!!
Surprisingly good food. When you enter it seems like a cheap, typical Chinese restaurant. The decor is not fancy and the service isn't particularly good, but the food was fantastic.Recommendations: steamed tofu plate with shrimp, spicy lamb and vegetables.
In a city full of options for Chinese Food, Hunan Manor finds itself near the top of the list.  With great food at very affordable prices, there's something for everyone!As the name suggests, this place serves Hunan style Chinese food, as well as your normal "American-style" Chinese food.  If you want something a little different, or you want the same thing you eat every time you do Chinese, you can get it here.A quick walk from Grand Central, if you're in the neighborhood and want some good quality, fresh, and filling Chinese food, then Hunan Manor is calling your name!
I like to think I know something about Chinese food, and am an aficionado of Hunan and Szechuan styles.  I've been to this place once before, got the "numbing chicken" for lunch, and it was quite good.  Today after looking at some of the mix of reviews I tried it again and ordered one of my favorites, Slice Fish in Hot Chili Sauce().  It was a couple of bucks more than the standard lunch items, but it was EXCELLENT!  fish cooked perfectly, generous portion, spicy but perhaps a bit toned down for this round-eyes.There are a few pretty good chinese places in midtown ... Phoenix Garden is pretty good but certainly not spicy; szechuan gourmet on the other side of fifth avenue is very good as well.  But Hunan Manor is a major contender.  I'm reluctant to give 5 stars just to encourage them.
The place is a solid Hunan Food restaurant near Grand Central and it's hidden from the tourist beaten path. I have been there for more than a dozen times and never a miss, their dishes are all authentic Hunan flavor. They offer a lunch special at around $10. My favorite is a beef brisket noodle soup, the briskets are done soft and you can choose between rice noodles or normal noodles.
The food is great! I think it's the only Hunan cuisine in the city. Although some dishes aren't 100% authentic, but they are still amazing. Sour string beans and minced pork, Sour String Bean Mai Fun in Soup and Steamed fish head with chopped chili are to die for. if you love spicy food, they are must try! Despite food, the place can make you feel little untidy.
Their attitudes are horrible. They didn't give fruit at the end of the meal or fortune cookies, which they're supposed to do at the end of the meals (from my past experience). They're always so rude to me and my boyfriend; I don't know if it's because they're racist since I'm Chinese and my boyfriend is white. I'll never go back again. The food isn't that great either. The waiters are always rushing us, even cutting us off when we order food.
Great spot for spicy Chineses cuisine. Love the spicy chicken. As for the seat. Too crowded
Recently I went to this restaurant with 22 people, all Chinese people. I asked a friend of mine what's an authentic Chinese place to eat in the city that's not the typical Sichuan food. I'm pretty happy with the Grand Sichuan food but am looking for something new and different. She organized a group outing and chose this place that has authentic Hunan food. I have to say, the food was excellent and different from what I tasted before. We were upstairs in a room. The waitress helped us select the dishes from a pretty extensive menu. We had this amazing chopped red pepper on top of a steamed fish, sauteed eel with cucumber, braised pork belly with preserved cabbage...etc. The place does not yet have a liquor license, but you can bring your own beer or wine. I like this place so much that I will organize a Chinese New Year's dinner there soon!
Love this place, it's definitely the only authentic Hunan restaurant in Manhattan, because I'm from Hunan!! The price is a bit high though...
Hit or miss. My office orders from here frequently and we have a wide range of tastes. I love the spice and heat in their dishes but something just don't work out. Tofu is consistently soggy, but my coworkers  really go nuts for this place. They deliver extremely quickly.
Even if you don't have a craving for, say, Stinky Bean Curd or Ox Tongue and Tripe With Spicy Peppery Sauce or Fragrant Pig Ear, you should order here anyway. Why? Well, because their stuff is GOOD. Many traditional dishes available (many weird ones, too, for the adventurous). Their portions are generous for Manhattan, although the egg roll is tiny. But it's good. I'd rather have something tiny and good than something huge-@ss and disgusting. I'm still working my way through the items but everything I've tried so far was delicious. You have to give props to a place that forgoes the usual "Fragrant" and just says "Stinky" right on their menu. Thumbs up. Call it what it is, we're all grown-ups, we can take it! Michelin recommended. Michelin works for me.
This place is alright if you're trying to just have a quick bite to eat during lunch but I won't recommend this to anybody especially for dinner. The food is average; not much different from a typical Chinese take out place. It's small, compact, the portions aren't all that, and it feels like you are being rushed to leave.
So many restaurants, so little time.Hunan Manor has been on our list for a really long time and we finally made it over on Saturday night. We liked most of what we had. If we ordered differently I'll bet we could have fixed that. Lets cut to the chase.Dan Dan noodles.farm4.staticflickr.com/3…I'd call these the first cousin of standard Sichuan dan dans. These were distinctly smoky and really robust. Nicely meaty and thoroughly satisfying.Wood ear in vinegar saucefarm8.staticflickr.com/7…I ordered wrong. Most of my experience with wood ear mushrooms has come at College Point's Little Pepper where it's part of their terrific Sliced Pork w. Tree Mushroom dish.farm9.staticflickr.com/8…There the mushrooms pick up the flavor of the sauce from the pork and play harmony with the entire dish. The version of wood ear served at Hunan Manor was unpleasantly one note - vinegar and lots of it. It completely overwhelmed the delicate flavor of the mushrooms. It's a badly conceived dish and I won't make that mistake again.Stir fried preserved pork with green leekfarm6.staticflickr.com/5…At first I thought this was our old friend pork belly but these were actually thin cut loin strips. The smoky flavor that had appeared in the dan dan noodles made a reappearance. I liked it a lot but I remember thinking that if it showed up in 3 dishes out of 4 it would be a bit much. It's a nice flavor but you can only take so much of it.Two quibbles. The dish contained some pork skin that was rubbery and defeated my teeth entirely. Either cook it right or leave it out. The other thing is that the portion was a bit undersized. Let me show you what I mean by comparing it to our next main.Chicken with hot red pepper.farm6.staticflickr.com/5…Yes, it's our old friend Chunking Chicken and it was vast - it could have fed 3 people. The skin of the chicken was nicely crispy while the inside was perfectly juicy. The dish had a reasonable amount of heat without being overwhelming. I've had a handful of versions of this dish that were as good but none that were better. An absolute winner. The size of this dish put my preserved pork to shame. It was almost 3 times the size.Extra Pointsfarm6.staticflickr.com/5…...The room was reasonably pleasant but a bit small. The 2 tops were very close together and you'll find yourself listening to the conversations at other tables whether you want to or not. The tables are a bit too small too. When the servers deliver your dishes all at once you'll be hard pressed to make room for them.They were doing pretty good business on a Saturday night - almost all the tables were occupied so we couldn't commandeer a neighboring empty table to spread the serving plates out. Oh well. All of that is due to the inherently small size of the restaurant.The other thing we noticed is that the on line menu is considerably longer than the printed one. Before going we had done a bit of research to identify dishes that would appeal to us. Half of them weren't on the menu. That was disappointing.All in all, though, we enjoyed our meal and would happily go back. For those of you considering driving. parking is really easy. The meters switch off at 7:00 so if you arrive between 7:00 and 7:30 you can park right in front of the place.We were glad we went.
Sunday nights are Chinese take-out nights and football of course.We usually order from across street but Hunan Manor looks bright and clean from outside so thought we should try.We ordered and sour string beans and minced pork (spicy with chopped red chilli peppers), pan fried dumplings, tripe and tongue salads (spicy), and Chinese seaweed and ribs soup.String beans and minced pork dish - it was a sour and spicy dish - absolutely love it and the brown rice is perfect match for it.  Pan fried dumplings - the sauce is slightly sweet and the meat was flavorful.Tripe and tongue salads - nicely done with cilantro on top. It's spicy but not numbing so that we got to taste more of the tripes flavor.Chinese seaweed and ribs soup - exactly how my mom would make it. It's light but flavorful. It looks like the ribs have been cooking in the soup for a long time. The soup has a cloudy color (marrow perhaps) - that's how you know they have done a good job.I would try the lunch special next time.
Caution, the spicy and sour soup is very spicy! Maybe lunch time is for quick eat quick go, or maybe we chose the wrong ones.  Not seems like typical Hunan style, more like localized so called Chinese food. Crowded but not very noisy. Nice and clean overall environment.
Horrible food. Noodles for chow mien chicken were hard. "Hot and spicy" food was more like sweet and sour. Dumplings sucked. Only good thing was the fried rice. Oh and it took an hour to get delivered when they said it'd be 20-30 minutes. We were literally 2 blocks away.
I didn't make it to China Town, but knew I was having genuine Chinese food on Lexington when I saw Chicken feet on the menu.  Gooood food at Hunan. Can't wait for my next NY visit.
The food is ok, but on the salty side.  Two bad expeiences with taking out:Odered take-out over the phone before leaving the office around 4:15 PM, and was told that my order would be ready for pick-up in about 30 min, that is perfect, would have take me about 25 min to get there.  When I arrived 25 min later, I ended up wait for another 30 minutes.  They didn't cook my food until I showed up.  Maybe people order food but not showing before?  You can always ask for credit card number if you want some assurance, this is not the way to run business.A week later, ordered lunch delivery around 11:15, but the food didn't arrive till 12:40, again was told that food will be delivered in 30 min.Both time, it was not the peak time at all.
Living in Jersey the food selection kind of sucks. My girlfriend met me at work and we are here after. We haven't had good Chinese in months and went with our default "Americanized" dishes. I ordered the General Tso's and she got the sweet and sour chicken. The rice was good and both dishes were pretty tasty. I'm happy to say the Tso's actually has some kick to it. Service was fine. We'll be back and will probably try more cultural dishes next time around.
What an addition to the neighborhood. I am not an authority on Hunan-style Chinese, but the food I had was very obviously not your average takeout. It was also very different from the delicious, mostly authentic Szechuan that some Manhattan restaurants excel at. This was like nothing I've eaten in this borough. The American-style Chinese dishes are pushed off into their own little ghetto on the last page of the menu, as they should be.We had pumpkin cake ($4.95 for four pieces, denser and creamier than at most dim sum places - quite good), as well as a "preserved pork" stir fry (the preservation gives the pork a slightly sour taste, but in a good way). The winner of the day was steamed beef with black bean sauce and chili, which came covered in bright red chopped chilis. It's not the kind of fill-your-mouth spiciness you would get at a Szechuan place, but a bit of spiciness that adds a layer of flavor to that of the sauce and the juicy beef. Both main dishes were $14-16. Service is a little unpolished (they lean right over you when cleaning up plates, chopsticks are not provided by default, etc.), but friendly and attentive.I'm extremely excited to eat my way through more of the menu! Tip: I haven't seen a website for this place yet, but you can check out the site for its Queens sister website, Hunan House. That restaurant's menu (hunanhouseny.webs.com/me…) is not the same as Hunan Manor's, but there is considerable overlap.
Not good Chinese food. Very salty and greasy. Appetizer beef was inedible and disgusting. Eggplant and beans was drenched in oil and soggy. Dumplings were grocery store freezer grade. General Tso chicken was ok.
I have eaten here a number of times, and it's a very authentic Chinese restaurant.  It might even be too Chinese for American customers, so it's a pleasant surprise that it's not just another Chicken with Broccoli Chinese joint.  The dishes on their menu are things that Chinese people eat at home, vs American Chinese style takeout.  First, this place serves smelly tofu.  OMG, it tastes good.  Not as good as Hong Kong, but very few places have this.  Yes it smells like garbage, but it's an acquired taste like fois goie or sushi.  Their $7 lunch specials are good too, especially the shredded pork with bamboo shoots, it's light and healthy.  Chicken and broccoli is rather plain and can use more flavor.  The pork dishes are good. I enjoyed the steamed pork with preserved cabbage, that is authentic Chinese, cooked with fatty pork belly.They have really spicy dishes, which I think is too strong.  I stay away from those.
So i have been going to this place for 3 months now food i thought was good until i found a GIANT ROACH !!! in my Chicken with green pepper. End of Story. Shame was the only Chinese spot i liked near my work.
Pretty darn authentic. Reminded me of one crazy night in Changsha when we burned our lips and mouth enjoying chili as it should be enjoyed.  Had the cumin flavored lamb here at the Hunan Manor. Exotic flavor, very unusual. Outstanding dish. And some real homemade "soup" dumplings just like "mom" used to make. Very homey atmosphere. However, the music was high on the funk scale. Kenny G!  Would definitely come back. Suggest you stay away from the "Chinese-American" dishes. There are many new delights to try.
Worst chicken and broccoli ever. The rice was over cooked. And the chicken and broccoli tasted horrible. Maybe I went there at the wrong time.
Best Hunan restaurant I found in NYC so far.  I am a big fan of its "sour string bean" - Suan Dou Jiao and "dry string bean" - Gan Dou Jiao. Also it's the best Ma Po Toufu place for me. Unfortunately, they reduced or even canceled the use of lard, chili watercress and red peppers(really authentic and spicy) for most dishes, which is the key components to Hunan dishes, to be more "healthy" and Americanized. Still, they serves food in good quality and quantity. Please be aware that as the common problem of most Chinese restaurants, or maybe all of the restaurants, not all of the dishes on their menu are equally good in the same level. Do not get too frustrated if you ordered something wrong and taste dry and bad, i.e. Farm House Stir-Fried Pork... Therefore I take 1 star off, although here is my first place to go for Hunan food.
This is as good and authentic Hunan cuisine as you can find in New York. I go there often for lunch with my Chinese friends who are impressed with the unusual (for Chinese restaurants in USA, that is) dishes. The service also is genuinely brusque.
Finally, a restaurant in the US that serves authentic Hunan dishes! I was in NY for business and a friend took me here.  Most places in the US use the term "Hunan" freely on the menu, but it is all B.S. - it is not Hunan style. The best dish (in my opinion) was the Hunan Fish Head. Lovely flavor, topped with Hunan peppers and a huge portion.  They also had a lovely spicy frog dish.  I will definitely come back!
went back to try the following:kung po chicken with fried rice and wonton soupchicken and cashew nuts with fried rice and egg rollpreserved pork belly with preserved fried turnip with fried rice and hot & sour soup.very tasty and decent amount of food.
Great that more authentic Chinese places are setting up branches in Midtown. This one is a sister of Hunan House in Flushing, probably the most authentic Hunan place in New York. Food is great, prices are low and the service is very friendly. And they even speak English!
Meh. I came with two people from Hunan and they were meh'd out too. Still, this place is full of Chinese peeps speaking Chinese. One of my friends even ran into her Shanghainese friend here. We had a nice big pot of house special soup (the Chinese phrase translates as a Bucket of Everything Under Heaven), which has all kinds of chicken, pork, mushroom, etc, in it as befits everything under heaven. Not bad. Ox tongue and tripe, Fu Qi Fei Pian, was pretty good as these things are expected to go, texturally and taste-wise. Classically well done. However, two of our other dishes, a saute of frogs' legs and fried peppers with century egg, were very meh. The frogs' legs were pretty inferior and un-meaty. There was little egg with our fried peppers. Go to Hot Kitchen!
The pumpkin pancake was crispy on the outside, soft on the inside; I'm craving it now. The Hunan style beef was cooked a bit on the saltier side, but couple it with rice, and it's not bad. If you want Chinese food in midtown that's not fried wonton noodle skin and egg drop noodle soup (although maybe they do offer it here as well), be sure to bookmark this place. But if you have the time to travel to Flushing, there's tastier and cheaper options around.
This is one of the better Chinese restaurants I've been to throughout Manhattan. Not only do they have the typical menu items you would see at almost every Chinese restaurants, they have a pretty wide selection of very unique menu items. My personal favorite is the spicy garlic chicken; very good balance of spice and flavor. If you're in the adventurous mood or you just want to the usual, Hunan Manor is a solid choice.
If you would have told me a few years ago that there would be an authentic hunan restaurant close to grand central i would have laughed at the prospect
Ordered delivery from this place today--sesame chicken, fried rice and eggdrop soup lunch combo. The chicken dish was just chunks of fat, the fried rice was bland and dry, and the soup wasn't even lukewarm. I really wanted to like what I ordered, since I had heard good things and I was really craving chinese food. But I ended up microwaving the soup, and throwing out the chicken and fried rice before I was even halfway done. Such a waste. Blegh, there are better places.
two stars for effort... my delivery meal came with a nice surprise.. watermelon for dessert.  however, the food itself is just bleh.  i got the soup dumplings, which had no soup...the skin on the dumplings were as thick as bread and the sauce it came it was bad at best.  the cucumber salad was fresh but the base is the same sauce for the soup dumplings, which i did not like.  the scallop with garlic sauce was more so veggies with a few scallops and the garlic flavor was non-existent.  i have to say though, the soft bean curd with scallions were fantastic.... nice blend of soy sauce and sesame oil that gave it good flavor..not too salty, not too bland..just right. $45 worth of food later, i probably only ate $10 worth of it.
This one star is for the one dish I ordered in this restaurant. It's tofu with minced pork. Andrew Zimmern from bizarre foods should try this. I bet he would quit his job. I couldn't eat more than one spoon of it and the waiter didn't even bother to ask me about why I dint eat it. That's a customer service.
I read numerous other reviews, which were mostly positive, so I ordered for delivery. My family found  the dishes to be very disappointing, and lacking in much flavor. Plus the delivery took over an hour and 15 minutes.
Sichuan, Hunan...look if you're being completely honest and you grew up closer to the heartland than Manhattan, you wouldn't think that there was a difference. One has more veggies thinly sliced. Um, this is New York, they have authentic places in both dialects. Hunan is different. It's like Ukrainian and Russian. Hunan is smokey, while Sichuan is hot. Hunan is smokey and then hot. If you like the numbing peppers in Sichuan then you'll be disappointed, but if you want a superb, new flavor profile in a much loved but not thoroughly explored cuisine, then this is the place. HighlightsPickled cabbage---just get it. It's more Turkish than Sichuan it has that sour turnip vinegar thing going on, and that is what makes it Hunan. It has Vinegar, wonderful pronounced pickling. Yes it has spice, but it leads with its Vinegar dancing foot. Ox Tongue and Tripe. Great, weird, tasty, why not get something that just sounds like you won't find it anywhere else. Great spice, great texture, quality. Closest to Sichuan.Preserved Pork and Dried String Beans---ah. The pork is beautifully smoked/preserved. It's as if you went to a great German deli and went pork nutty and then pickled/preserved it (got funky), mixed it with amazing dried sting beans (that look like seaweed) and different peppers. Hunan!Preserved Beef with White Pepper---Beef, like Bresola, but in Hunan. White pepper, just like chili peppers that are heavily featured in Sichuanl, but now a little less spicy and more buttery. This is a standout dish. Nice whole bits of garlic. Punches just rightOverall a solid place to make sure you're up to speed on a different dialect of a food language we thought we knew so well...until now.
Great find on my way home the other day.  It's the sister restaurant of Hunan House based in flushing -- never been but this is real authetic chinese food, not your typical takeout place.  I got the Mao's Braised Pork and Long Bean and Eggplant, both very good but the pork was a bit fatty.  This place is much better than the spots around it.....mao po tofu and grand sichuan.
