My wife loves hot pot so I was excited to bring her here.  If you want a different type of Chinese food come here and try hot pot.  The chicken teriyaki scallion pancakes are awesome.
Service was great. Incredibly attentive.I got the General Tso's chicken was SO good. Portion was a little small, but the meat quality was incredible. I'll definitely be coming back to try more options...
I've been here twice in a week and my husband 4 times. The food is so incredible. Some of the best Chinese and Szechuan food I have ever eaten (including dozens of trips to flushing, manhattan Chinatown, SF, Seattle...) and it's here in Hobo!!!! Lucky us!!! Definitely get the hot pot, the dumplings (soup, pan fried pork, all are amazing). The wonton soup has the most delicate and flavorful wontons I ever ate, and the chicken in spicy sauce is one of the most delicious things period.
We gave this new place a try and we were not disappointed. I honestly can't remember what this was before, but I am glad this took over. The place was a bit empty, but I don't think many know about it yet.I wanted to be adventurous and order the traditional food but I wasn't and got my standard General Tso's chicken and the wife Pad Thai. We started with the pan fried pork dumplings. All of it was absolutely delicious! The dumplings were so good as well as the sauce that went with them. They were hearty and full of flavor, not typical over fried stuff. I asked for my chicken to be extra spicy and they did not slack off, but still maintained great flavor with heat. The chicken looked appetizing and like real chicken, unlike most Chinese places in town. The sauce was delicious. The lady's pad thai was also delicious, and a massive portion. Service was pretty good and they explained the hot pot to us and answered questions. It was a little slower towards the end when we wanted to get the check but that's ok.Overall, this is so far, a much better quick Chinese option in town with what seems like real ingredients and not double fried gunk. We will definitely be back here or at least order delivery.
The only good sit-down Chinese place in Hoboken! Soup dumplings are delicious and highly recommended. Many other great dishes as well. I'm sure you can find equal or better in Chinatown or by driving further away, but I'm thankful to finally have some good Chinese food in Hoboken.
SiChuan style Chinese food in Hoboken. Taste good, though a little bit salty. Come here regularly
This is my initial review. I will definitely try other dishes and update my scores but for now it's 2 stars.  Why?General Tso's chicken- amazing sauce but the execution of the fried chicken pieces is sub par. It's a little undercooked which makes it gooey and way too much dough. I'm disappointed since I trusted a review that says crunchy and delicious. Pork rib with garlic - it's cumin and peppers . I don't mind the peppers but the cumin is so overwhelmingly overpowering the dish. My partner asked me if I think the cumin was accidentally poured on the dish. For a minute I thought I ordered Indian food. The hot and sour soup was ok. I had better and cheaper. Again, I may have ordered the wrong dishes so I will give them another chance. Will keep you posted but for now it's 2 stars !
The food here very delicious. I ordered a mala casseroles seafood one dish enough for two people. This is a Sichuan restaurant where make dumplings and noodles too. It is my first time here, so I will come back to try other dishes too.
I'm Chinese and this place is legit Chinese food. I prefer Cantonese style but they have great food here for other Chinese cuisine. Start you meal with the dumplings especially the XLB soup dumplings. The fried rice is great and lots of spicy dish options. The best vegetable side dish in the town: sautéed green beans with the minced pork. Tender soft green beans and the salty minced pork go great with white rice or anything. I am a meat eater and this dish is my favorite.
Made my way here on Sunday evening for dinner with my cousin and was seated right away. We decided to move outside after we realized they didn't have AC :/ the service was quick and the food was hot and tasty. The pork bun soup dumplings were definitely the highlight. We also got the beef and broccoli which was delicious! The only disappointing dish was the dan dan noodles. I often order this fish as Szechuan restaurants and this particular one was only flavored with hot oil. Otherwise I enjoyed the meal and may return here
This is some of the most disappointing Chinese food I've ever had. We ordered for pick up yesterday and had to throw a lot of it out because it was so bland and eat leftovers instead. The wonton soup was in water rather than any sort of chicken broth. The Ma Pa Tofu wasn't very spicy and the sauce was thin watery and had no other flavor. We also ordered DanDan Noodles which was basically spaghetti with very little sauce. Everything had a strange aftertaste. We went there based on the other positive reviews, but frankly I could have had better Chinese food by picking up something frozen from Trader Joe's.
So glad they're here , everything we have tried has been on the money. The Soup dumplings are my favorite .
I really want to like this place. It is the most authentic Chinese restaurant in Hoboken. The taste is good. However it is overpriced and the portion is small. $13 for a small plate of cauliflower is simply too expensive.
My friends and I walked in around 6pm, and the restaurant had only one customer there. Despite it being non-busy, the servers were just chit chatting and ignored us for a good five minutes. As soon as we asked for the menu, they got annoyed and rolled their eyes at us. Seriously? I would give 0 stars for service if possible.In addition to that, we had to constantly ask for refills of water. They never came by to ask how the food was or if we needed any refills on water. By the way, the food was maybe a 1 star. Not authentic/spicy enough. At the end of our meal, we wanted to order some dessert. However, the server told us they prioritize take outs instead of the customers within the restaurant, which seems supper odd.Also, they give you a hard time if you want to split the bill with friends (each paying with their own card).Worst experience ever.
Best Chinese food in Hoboken without a doubt.  I've tried all the other spots, and they're all Chinese-American fusion - nothing really authentic about them.  This spot is the closest to legit Chinese food in the area.I got delivery while at work and ordered the following:Beef Stew Noodle Soup was better than many I've tried in NYC.Soup dumplings were average at best, but the only place in Hoboken that offers them (also getting them delivered instead of fresh out the steam pot doesn't help)Cold Chicken w/ Spicy Sauce was authentic.Going to be ordering from here for Chinese going forward.EDIT: New favorites at Keming:Double Cooked PorkBoiled Sliced Fish Szechuan StyleBraised Beef Tendons Hot Pot(disclaimer: all spicy dishes for you non-spice eaters)
Amazing Food & Great Service! This is AUTHENTIC Chinese food. The real deal. Not your Americanize Chinese. Every dish was phenomenal. Such unique and incredibly tasty flavors! The four of simply raved over every bite. Highly recommend the dumplings steamed or fried were excellent, the casseroles, even the Thai they included on the menu since this was a Thai food location is really well done.  The service is kind courteous and takes great care. You won't be disappointed!!! Cannot recommend it enough! Seriously I have had Chinese food all over the world and even have a close friend from Hong Kong who has taught me some dishes and has cooked for me many times and this is some of the best Chinese I have ever had. Leave you expectations of American Chinese food behind and you will be delighted!
Inspired to write my first Yelp review in 7 years after eating here last night!It's been a while since I've had Thai food but this place was delicious! Everything was very fresh and light! The sauces weren't heavy or overwhelming.We got 2 orders of the fatty pork buns, DELICIOUS! And chicken pad Thai was yummy, perfect amount of spice.The restaurant is new so maybe they are working out a few kinks in terms of the pace of the service so be patient, but they were so nice and food was delicious!
Their shrimp with vermicelli Malta casseroles ONLY contain shrimp and vermicelli!!! I have no idea why it is called Mala Casseroles if it only contain two item. The most ridiculous thing is it's priced 23.95 before tax for this one dish. I feel like I'm an idiot.
Dare I say that this is the first authentic Chinese (Sichuan) restaurant in Hoboken?! They serve both Americanized Chinese food (sesame chicken, beef & broccoli, and so on) as well as Sichuan cuisine. Today was my first time here and I got the mala (mala means numbing hot) casserole with tofu sheet jelly. The cumin gave it a nice kick, but it was not unbearably spicy. My husband liked the dish and he is generally very weary of spice. He also got the xiao long bao, which he also liked a lot. I will definitely be coming back to try the Sichuan style fish & other casseroles. I'm so glad I don't have to travel to Chinatown the next time I'm craving spicy Chinese food!
This is my favorite Chinese Szechuan in Hoboken. I got introduced to this place through a friend. On a sunny day, we went to this place with our baby. It turned out to be a great experience. We are really happy with the food and service. They are children friendly. They helped turn off the TV for our little baby who is not supposed to watch TV. We ordered chicken with spicy sauce which is a cold dish I like, very fresh; cumin lamb adding spicy (yea we love Szechuan food ); and soup dumplings. They also have Chinese herbal tea in cans, which is supposed to bring down the inner heat after the spicy or hot weather. (This part is very Chinese I know). Anyway, great place, will recommend, will go back.
This place is awesome! Great service, and even better food at a very reasonable price.We travel 40 minutes to come here and eat their sesame chicken, or their chicken and broccoli, or their crispy beef...the list is endless! With an extensive menu, we've only scratched the surface of all the food options. They also have a $7.95 lunch menu, so you can enjoy their food at any time.There's ample seating, and the ambience is nice. If you're looking for the crispiest piece of white meat sesame chicken, this is the place for you! Can't wait for our next dinner.
Quite good Chinese place in Hoboken. The Xiaolongbao (called "Little Juicy Pork Bun" on the menu) is as good as any I've had in the US. Skin was a bit thick and would have liked more soup in the dumpling, but again very good. Lo Mein was solid and Pork Belly was absolutely excellent.  It's also BYO and there's a liquor store immediately next door, so very convenient.
I have a store opened 3 years ago, i know how important the yelp review is for a new grand openning, totally understand how hard and how they need improvements, which always happened at setup period. so i feel bad to see a not nice review for them at beginning. from my visit today, i just feel very cozy and nice here, and taste chinese type like homemade. we fly from LA and visiting here, it is really hard to find good place to eat as hard for parking in NY or NJ. but lucky i finally made my best choice here. try them if you want REAL chinese food.
Food overall is great.However, I have no idea what is going on at this place. Second Monday in a row that I tried to place an order for pick up. No one answers and it is 12:30pm when they advertise "Open 7 Days a Week" Mon- Sat.: 11:00am - 11:00pm Sun.: 12:00pm - 10:30pm. I finally got an answer today and they said sorry they are not open right now. WHAT!? There's no way this place is going to be successful in Hoboken if they are not open during lunch time. Not sure if this place is just trying to get everything together or what but this is so disappointing to a repeat customer.Also one time we got the lunch special on the weekend. The second time we came in to eat they said no lunch special on the weekend (also doesn't specify one way or the other on the menu). So I honestly think they make up the rules as they go.
I got dinner takeout from here one night. I believe this is the first Sichuan restaurant in Hoboken. It's a little farther north from where I am, but I'm certainly happy to see the extra diversity in this town. I don't know how often I'll order from here, but certainly an option.
Pretty authentic Chinese food. Different from take outs. It's def a good place to hang out and have a good dinner. The food here is amazing, but needa wait for a bit.
As a Taiwanese-american in Hoboken, I struggle with finding authentic Taiwanese/Chinese food in the area. Most of the time, I drive up to Fort Lee to get my asian food fix, but today my Dad recommended going to Keming with him for lunch. Man... it was so good! We ordered the xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) and they were quite delicious. I doubt there is any other restaurant in Hoboken that will serve these things, let alone well. My dad and I are also avid lovers of spicy food and ordered the beef noodle soup and 2 more Szechuan dishes that were equally as yummy and very authentic. Next time I'm craving Chinese food I'll definitely know where to go!
Highly recommend Keming! BYOB and the food is excellent. Tried a hot pot for the first time, which was an experience itself. The little juicy pork buns are a great appetizer. Looking forward to trying more of the menu next time!
The food is good. You won't find this kind of food anywhere else in Hobo and it's BYOB. I docked 2 stars because the service is excruciating. They need to hire more staff. Service is very very slow because the times I've been there, there is only 1 person working the front of the house and trying to do EVERYTHING. Pls get more staff and I would come back.
This is my favorite Sichuan restaurant!! The chef is an expert of spice!!!Recommendation from Sichuaner~
Unexpectedly delicious. The chicken pad Thai however did come in a sweet & sour sauce so I would specify a peanut sauce the next time. But the food was yummy and it's BYOB!
Great authentic Szechuan cuisine. You can tell their chef/s are legit and they use fresh ingredients. I tried a few items and all were exceptional and quite tasty. I look forward to trying s few other items fro their menu. Probably my fav Chinese restaurant in the area. If you're up for new spin on your fav Chinese food classics, give this place a try!
Visited Hoboken for the heck of it and Keming has some decent reviews. Really enjoyed the Sichuan spicy seafood casserole dish - ingredients very fresh. The other stuff we ordered was good too (also fresh ingredients) but the seafood casserole stood out.  In the future, we would just specifically ask for a heavier dose of the Sichuan spice.
We tried the chicken and onion dumpling, chicken fried rice, and the shredded beef with green pepper. Everything was fresh and tasted delicious. It's a BYOB. They didn't have the hot pot available when we came so will try it the next time we are here.
Was really looking forward to trying this place based on all the great review here on yelp.Waited a good 10 min, no one greeted us; no host, one waiter was taking care of everything. Dirty dishes on the table and no one cleaned them up; phone kept ringing and no one answered.  We walked out of the door. Not a good experience at all.
Amazing is the  assorted casserole. We were four and it was enough with a couple of  Appetizers. Very unusual.great sauce and not your main stream heavy American greasy Chinese.Delicate and unusual fresh flavours.We have also tried the hot pot and the Szechuan beef. Thumbs up for all.
They are a relatively new restaurant in town and took over a thai place. Best chinese food in Hoboken.  Food is fresh and not greasy at all which you expect from takeout usually.  I work late hours and even up to 11pm they deliver quality.  Definitely my goto chinese spot in the Boke
My friend recommended this restaurant to me. Environment of this restarrant is not bad. Price is reasonable, but food is not as impressive as i imaged. Some of the food is too salty, but the others are delicious. Overall, this is a good restaurant！
I really love the food here. It's fantastic. I'm excited to have a spot for hot pot and soup dumplings in Hoboken. It would be great to see some service improvements to make though. Small changes could help like keeping carafes of water and menus on the table.
Went for hot pot lunch today and it was good. We didn't order from regular menu other than the fried pork bun so I have to come back. Service was good!
We were super excited to try this place based on all the great reviews,  but quite frankly we were disappointed with the food.  Had the egg rolls,  chicken/mushroom dumplings to start whixh were both great.  The vegetable lo mein was tasty. We ordered the Kung Pao chicken and Lamb with cumin and they were both tasteless, and so so bland.  For a schezuan restaurant, we were expecting flavour and spice.
Came on a Sunday night to dine in, 2 people. Both glasses on the table were dirty. Received two replacements which were also dirty. One person waiting on all of the tables. Water was given which was luke warm at best. Took 30 min to receive the appetizers (1 egg drop soup and 1 Juicy Pork Bun order, which are dumplings, not the traditional pork bun you'd be thinking of.) After the apps it took at least another 25 min to receive the entrees (Chicken with broccoli and General Tso's chicken.) Food was not good (how can you mess these two dishes up) and not worth the ridiculous wait and excruciating service for such a simple order (wish I would have listened to the other low reviews first but this place is def rated too high.)  Sincerely disappointed. Spend your hard earned money elsewhere  :(
Excellent authentic Sichuan food! Mapo tofu and dry sautéed string beans were delicious.
No veg food, all other food- chicken, pork and other things were extremely average. Wouldn't recommend this compared to other restaurants in Hoboken.
So good. So satisfied!The "boiled pork" sounded unappetizing but was fantastic! tender pork and some napa cabbage in a delicious broth...i could drink the liquid (and my brother-ion-law DID!) You might want to order extra rice so you can spoon the broth over it.Dumplings were yummy...steamed chicken and onion and the fried pork. We will definitely order again.
Hands down the best Chinese food in Hoboken.. I've been there several times during the past 2 weeks and enjoyed every single dish I tried..The owner is one of the nicest people you can ever meet! Keep it up, Keming!
We got take out, the food was great and the staff super friendly. As soon as I walked in the place it smelled great. Def our new spot for Chinese food!
So overall the food is fairly tasty and I would recommend checking it out.  The fried dumplings are especially good.  But my reasons for the review and only 3 stars are   1) They don't offer or even have in their restaurant spicy Chinese mustard.  I love this stuff especially with egg rolls.   I found this very unusual.    2) Most importantly - NEVER ORDER THE WONTON SOUP.   It's really bland.  You get exactly 3 wontons in a white-ish broth and NOTHING ELSE.  No scallions, shredded pork or even crispy noodles.
My husband and I are so happy we finally found a respectable Chinese restaurant with fresh ingredients and authentic flavors.  Before Keming, I would only do Chinese in Chinatown NY but now that this is in town, it's my new go-to!
Great new addition to uptown Hoboken. They have soup dumplings which they call "juicy pork buns" on the menu. Almost up to par with Dumpling man in the city, but as this is in walking distance from my apartment I'll take it over the hike to NYC any day of the week. Staff is very friendly and accommodating. Food is fresh. Can't wait to come back on a cooler day to try one of the hot pots.Also BYOB, which, as always, is a plus in my book (especially with a liquor store next door).
Excellent service, tasty Asian cuisine and very fair prices. I will definitely be revisiting
I've been here on more than one occasion and I enjoyed my experiences. The food is fantastic. I enjoy the spring rolls and curries here. This is one of my favorite places to get Thai in the neighborhood.
We just tried Keming for delivery. Our small group ordered a scallion pancake, double cooked pork, Peking noodles, szechuan style boiled beef, and Hunan chicken. The person who ordered the double Cooke pork was happy but I thought everything was solidly average except for the szechuan boiled beef, which was much taster than I expected. Great broth. I am definitely planning on ordering again and trying other options.
Accidentally went in for dinner with our daughter and husband and granddaughter. What a pleasant surprise, food was excellent, authentic, delicious, service was informative and prompt. Loved it. Will go back.
Is it politically incorrect to point out that this is the only Chinese restaurant in town frequented by the area's Chinese population?  We've been here several times.  Each time the food has been excellent.  On two occasions the service was excellent.  On the third I believe they were short-staffed in both the kitchen and on the floor.  Like some other reviewers, I recommend sticking to the "Classic Style" section of the menu as much as possible for authentic Sichuan.  The more standard Chinese restaurant fare is also quite good.
Needs some work if they're going to stay open in this town. Out of a lot and was either too spicy or too bland. They were nice though :/
Some Chinese expat friends took us here and raved about the food.  In particular, they recommended a lamb curry and spicy fish stew.  The lo mein and Chinese broccoli dishes were delicious as well.  Decent ethnic food is hard to find in Hoboken. This is a much welcome addition to the food scene in town.
Really enjoyed this meal tonight. Loved the flavors and textures of the Tofu & Fish (flounder) Casserole. Nice soup dumplings. We brought our own bottle and had a great dinner. We'll be back.
tried repeatedly to call and order.  no answer.  then decided to walk over and order in person.  sadly, even though yelp says they are open, they are not.  even their menu says they are open 7 days a week.  nope.  disappointed after the good reviews.
