I was walking along 55th st. one day to get to another restaraunt and I caught site of the tea house entrance with my girflriend. Intrigued, we decided to check it out. This is a great place for lunch on a hot day. The place is really nice, and sets a relaxing mood. They have decorative books and tea kettles lining the walls. They have a very big list of premium tea to choose from, and they even have really delicious iced tea, and dessert tea that are mixed with coffee. They have a lunch and dinner menu. The food is incredible, I tried the dan dan noodles, the spicy chicken noodle, spicy chicken dumplings, and the hot and sour seafood soup. All of it was tastier than I imagined and set a new standard for me. If any of my friends visit NY i'll be bringing them here.
Absolutely LOVE this place. My work friends, who are originally from China, took me to Radiance and now I am obsessed! The food is always fresh and it is definitely a healthier option for Chinese food, and WAY more authentic than what a lot of other places in NYC offer. We sat down for a quick lunch during the workweek. My only complaint is that service was subpar for the amount of people dining-in!I got the Shrimp Avocado Rice Box lunch special ($16). A little pricey for lunch, but it also comes with 2 delicious dumplings, edamame, and a cabbage-type salad. The sauce over the shrimp and rice is TO DIE FOR! My two friends got different types of noodle soups. One was a light noodle with clams and mussels. Very light and refreshing. My other friend got a spicy beef soup. He also enjoyed that! Also, we split a side of Chinese vegetables. The squash was my favorite!
Five star might be a little too much, but since I don't know any other nice and quiet tea house, here is my favorite.I like their environment very much. For their food, they don't provide that much portion but each dish is fast, simple and delicious. Also, it's a little bit expensive. However, since you can spend your entire day in there, either reading or working, then it worth the price.Besides in room dining, I buy some tea and rock sugar back home. My favorite is Jade Pond Snow. They also have some pretty good tea sets. If anyone get tired of coffee shop like Starbucks, you should try this tea house.
Amazing tea and ambience, mediocre food.I came here with friends to plan our Asia trip (how fitting!) and it was the perfect place to do so over some tea. The food however, was pretty underwhelming. We started out with the soupy pork dumplings which were actually pretty OK - it was the best thing we ate all night and it just went down hill from there. We got the silky tofu, pork with veggies, eggplant, dan dan noodles, and the beef pot with noodles. Everything was just..... OK. The silky tofu was WAY too salty, and the dan dan noodles were probably some of the worst I've tried. The beef pot was fine, and so was the pork but I really wasn't impressed by ANY of the dishes. We had the cheesecake platter for dessert which was pretty good, but I would much prefer the free cookies that come with the tea pot. Overall, a great place for tea to catch up with friends in a quiet place among the hustle and bustle of Midtown West, but stay away from the food.
Interesting decor The braised pork belly and the beef with mushroom were good. Korean friend ordered the teriyaki chicken. Wouldn't recommend that dish. Overall good quality food given the price.
The food is acceptable quality, but very low quality tea and bad service. My family are tea lovers, I have a very sensitive taste for tea, I can tell this is really low quality tea that they charge for the top quality price. There business is only for money, no passion and no soul.
We love this place. Tranquility in a city of madness!Tea. Food. Peace. What more can one ask for. Oh- great service (prompt,attentive and non- intrusive) and the desserts are outstanding. Come. Get away from the madness of the city. Just for a little bit. You'll thank me later.
5 stars for the dumplings and tea. The soupy pork dumplings were so satisfying. My boyfriend and I both agreed that was the highlight of the meal. Full of flavor and skin was the right texture. The shrimp dumplings had a lot of shrimp flavor. The dumplings were definitely the best part of the meal. There are also loads of teas to pick from, all presented in a very cute way. It's a bit pricey, but considering how close it is to Times Square, it's expected. We also ordered the Dan Dan noodles and the chicken teriyaki. Dan Dan noodles were meh in flavor and the chicken teriyaki was really salty. I'd come back for the dumplings and tea though. Good proximity to Miss Saigon. The ambience is really nice and the serving staff were really attentive without being overbearing. Overall, five stars and enjoy the dumplings and tea!
A gem.  A beautiful serene feeling upstairs tea house.  Fantastic extensive menu of teas, interesting menu is Chinese dumplings and wholesome unusual treats. Try the Wellness Soup which is a rich subtle broth, chicken I think, with bits of meat, teeny rare mushrooms, and peppers. If. Of course the dumplings were great. I loved the cold spinach app, with ginger and a very light fresh tasting dressing.  The staff were patient and kind and very sincere. A lovely experience.
A True Gem!  Hours drifted on by without me noticing!  Wanted something different in meeting up with my NYC family and friends!  This was it!  Great atmosphere, wonderful service; delicious small plates; and, absolutely well brewed teas!  With five of us, we each chose a different tea to be brewed in five medium sized teapots!  Mine being the lightest, chrysanthemum tea - loved it!Our table was a hungry table!  We ended up ordering 18 small plates to share!  With the spices they used, not one tasted the same - incredible! Their dan-dan noodles, flower & dates steamed chicken, pork belly buns, spiced beef stew, shrimp balls, and spareribs steamed with black beans are still standing loud and clear in my mind! I'm positive I'll be coming here years to come!  It is that great!  Cheers!
Make sure that you come in with the right expectations and you'll definitely enjoy this place. This is meant to be a pleasant environment with extremely high quality Chinese/Taiwanese teas and some food to match. Thus, you're not going to find dirt cheap entrees or heaping portion sizes. If you understand that, the menu will make sense to you. I enjoyed the Midtown East location and this location did not disappoint. I really like that the whole place kind of looks like a library, with its bookshelves and stacks of interesting teas. We ordered the Dong Ding Mountain (oolong), which was very hearty and had an interesting sweet/smoky taste. We also got the spicy fish and tofu casserole and sha cha shrimp, both of which were excellent. It is definitely on the pricier end, but if you're looking for a healthier/higher quality Chinese food and tea experience, this is definitely a great option!
The center of my sticky rice was frozen and the chicken in my boyfriend's curry was inedible, left the restaurant not eating anything.
Cute, quiet, and spacious place to grab a pot of tea, study and eat. I prefer coming here whenever I want tea or am in the mood for a light dinner or some snacks (mainly dumplings). Most Chinese food can be on the oily side but the food here is refreshingly clean and soupy. Came here for the second time tonight with a friend and it was just as cute as I remembered. My favorite tea here is the chrysanthemum, popular in Chinese cuisine (my parents love it as well) but hard to find at other cafes. Their dumplings and soups are also very good. We ordered the shrimp dumplings (I actually thought they were going to give us the crystal shrimp ones but these were good as well), the seafood soup and the mushroom salad. Note that if you are allergic to gluten: while they may have gluten free items on their menu, my friend who has eaten here and is allergic to gluten sometimes feels sick after. This is most likely due to a cross contamination issue in their kitchen.
This place is so cozy and quiet which makes it the perfect place to dine with friends! I came here with my friend today and we just had a great time. We ordered soupy pork dumplings, spicy noodles and the mushroom sticky rice shumai. All of it was delicious but my favorite is the cold Lycee Black Tea we had as well! Their selection is very big and it can be hard to pick. For dessert we split the mochi ice cream! My only complaint is the service was a little slow and it was pretty difficult getting anyone's attention.
Very cute tea house near central park, I only tried their cold tea (that was a mix of green, black, and jasmine), but I saw people having meals here. The tea itself was lovely and refreshing. The waiter was very friendly and nice. It is a nice place to catch up with a friend. I will be back to try more in the future!
The ginger tea is amazing. Great place for a business meeting or casual meet up. Go alone or with friends.
Not quite sure what to say about this place - it had such great reviews and while I wouldn't say it was bad, I definitely don't understand what everyone was raving about! Stopped by mid-week for lunch. It was pretty empty but the space was huge so either way I don't think we would have had much of a problem. It was nicely decorated but at the moment has a scaffolding outside (and it's on the second floor, so you're right up against it), so it wasn't very well lit.The menu was a bit overwhelming - I ended up turing to Yelp reviews and pictures to figure out what to order. Ideally there would be more details under the menu options.I found something on Yelp that looked good, but when I pointed it out and asked where that was on the menu, the waitress said that wasn't from their restaurant - however you could clearly see the background that it was the same one and same location. Oh well. Then went with my plan B, which I asked if it could be served not spicy. The waitress told me it wasn't spicy, even when I pointed out that the menu literally said spicy (not with like a spice-indicator or meter, it literally said something about a spicy sauce). I ended up getting it and surprise surprise, not only was it spicy, but had NO flavor whatsoever. Was definitely not happy about that. I asked if they had any sort of ginger sauce to add to it to give it some flavor other than the spice which I have no tolerance for and 3 different waiters told me "one moment," and finally a 4th brought me soy sauce. Awesome. The other thing I got were the steamed pork buns, which were good but lacked sauce. My friends split the green tea noodles and I have to say, those were definitely the way to go. Didn't taste like green tea but they had a lot of flavor and the portion was huge!We got mochi for dessert, which was fine but nothing special. The flavors were a little too artificially sweet (one tasted exactly like a green jolly rancher) and they didn't point out that 2 contained peanuts, which would have been nice to know. Don't think any of the above was good enough for it to be worth coming back!
Felt like some authentic Chinese food at noon so came here with my colleague. Both of us tried something different. I got the seafood vegetable pot and my colleague opted for chicken dumplings and Dan Dan noodle. Food came in pretty quickly. Cannot find a better day to enjoy the pot given the freezing weather outside!Plenty of space inside with cute decoration (teapot display). Should give a try on their hot tea next time!
Excellent and authentic Chinese food. This is just one block south of Carnegie Hall as well, so if you're ever in the area (for Carnegie Hall events or otherwise), this is the place to head to for a great lunch or dinner experience. In addition to the usual Chinese entrees and main courses, they also have an excellent dessert menu.
On the expensive side for asian food- prob due to the location in midtown west.. They have a bunch of different teas - I got the strawberry lemon iced tea- yes it was good but it was also like 9 dollars....I got the braised beef and mushroom for my entree- also good but pricey $18. The food also takes awhile to come out. The ambiance is like bookstore.Overall I thought it was nice to try once but the prices are def super expensive for chinese food. Food itself was 4 stars but I had to give it a 3 for prices.
I'm writing this review as I sit here. The dumplings were good. Nothing out of the norm, which is fine. The service is pretty terrible. The atmosphere is very nice.
Found this place on yelp... Great reviews. Well deserved! Great atmosphere and great food for our first night of vacation.
Don't really get the hype. Maybe I'm just too spoiled by having gone to so many teahouses that have much more superior and serene atmosphere in Korea as well as in Japan that this place doesn't stand out as much. Sure it's in the middle of nowhere in Midtown but I was expecting the place to be more Zen-like with Bamboo trees, some Asian plants, a Buddha statue somewhere, waterfalls, and a bit of Feng Shui. However, place resembled more like Cafe Zaiya inside Kinokuniya Store with bookshelves and Asian pot sets and decorations for sale. A pitcher of 28oz tea was $18 and with tax $19.60.Server was pleasant and nice. I got the Sweet Elixir which was pretty good and not overly sweet but I believe it was overpriced and it did NOT relieve my tiredness as written on the menu -_-;; Crowd was a mix of Asian and White families with some Japanese culture and anime obsessed non-Japanese freaks chatting with each other in Japanese. WTF lolNot sure if it's really worth the trip here, rather have gone to any Argo Tea, Cha-An in East Village or even to Franchia on Park Ave
The ambience and decor is very nice.The food was really nice presented, but is overpriced for what you get.
This is an elegantly decorated Asian fusion restaurant with great, respectful service, an abundance of excellent tea choices and well made food.  The dumplings are some of the best (and most authentic) I've ever had.  There is a small book section located in the restaurant and several teas and gift baskets for purchase.  The Wellness soup is amazing!
Though the space was nice and inviting (so inviting, in fact, that some guy decided to publicly declared how distracted he was to the girl at the table next to us and asked her for her number while the entire place witnessed!) I was a little let down by the food. Maybe people go there too much for the space and the teas that the food gets neglected. My rice bowl was on the bland side. My iced tea was a bit weaker than I'd prefer. I do like their tea menu and how they make suggestions on their teas according to how they improve your health. Some teas were written to promote diet, etc.
Tea is better than coffee? 4 stars for the ambiance and relaxing environment. Reminds me a teahouse in Suzhou. Presence was inviting and warm, a bit hidden and quiet entrace into a larger open atmosphere. Anyone that is familiar with Midtown knows that places like these are a needle in a haystack in the area.The food was the only reason this wasn't 5, as the other poster notes, but whoever plans to come here I hope would be more focused on their wonderful tea selection, not dim sum (go to flushing for that or gogo dimsum).
Went here after being exausted by the crowds and walking at Moma. Midafternoon just for tea. Had a wonderful experience. They recomended good teas. Relaxed, yummy and good service. What a gem!
This is the first place I'm reviewing during our trip to New York because it totally caught us off guard! We came here to satisfy our xiao long bao cravings, but ended up ordering waayy more than we thought..We started off with the salmon summer rolls: yelp.com/user_local_phot…Light, fresh, and crispy.. It has mango, tofu, lettuce, and salmon.. Can you say explosion of flavors and texture?! Maybe my opinion is a little biased because those ingredients happen to be some of my favorite foods..Then we ordered 3 different kinds of dumplings: yelp.com/user_local_phot…Chicken, veggie, and pork.. Bite-sized and a little pricier than we're used to, but nonetheless still delicious. The dumpling skin was soo soft..After finishing these two dishes, the boyfriend and I knew we  couldn't leave without trying more.. So we did :D.Hot and sour seafood soup: yelp.com/user_local_phot…For those that love really sour soup.. Perfectt for a cold day in New York.Last, but not least, we finished our meal off with their mochi platter for dessert! yelp.com/user_local_phot…Not as good as it looks in pictures.. I wish they were a little softer.. Taro and sesame were good, but the others were mehh. My apologies for the long ass review! I'll end it with this.. The boyfriend and I fell in love with the food and atmosphere here.. I would recommend this place to anyone staying in the area. Can't wait to come back the next time we visit New York :).
A lovely experience on our first time dining here. Teas for every palate, AND gluten free and vegeterian options marked on the menu! The food is delicious and you feel refreshed and satisfied upon leaving. A lovely place to dine alone for a quiet mid-day meal.
Interesting alternative to the mainstream Chinese food. Nice and clean. Good menu, tea menu was too big for me to consume, so I followed waiters recommendation.
They are very short-staffed here and have an inefficient system to handle a restaurant full of people. During lunch hour I waited 20 minutes for a waiter to come to my table. I might have shouted for attention like people at the next table, but was too polite and just waved and tried to make eye contact.I am also disappointed to see that their menu of teas have changed to include things like chai lattes and passion fruit tea, which are in no way Chinese. This location has lost its soul. It now joins the ranks of so many Americanized Chinese restaurants across the city with no sense of cultural integrity.An hour later an older woman, who looks to be the owner, comes into the restaurant and is seated next to me. Apparently, she is very important. She barks out twenty different orders at the waiters, who are falling all over themselves trying to cater to her. She needed a lemon in a slice (not a wedge) at the bottom of a glass of ice. The nervous waitstaff keep botching this up and she sent them back to redo this order ten times. It took me 20 minutes to flag down a waiter and 30 minutes to get any kind of food. This woman was served all the dishes she ordered in less than 10 minutes. Lady, you are not god, but if you keep treating your customers like this your business will go to the doghouse.I will not return.
I actually greatly enjoyed this place. The food was delicious and the service was excellent. I felt it was a bit pricey for the amount of food we received but the location and atmosphere more than merits the expense. The tea was excellent beyond my expectations however I felt that charging (on the cheep end) $8 for a cup of tea was far too pricey but it was so good I didn't mind. The miso soup was the best I've ever had and was my favorite dish besides the mochi platter which I greatly enjoyed. The chicken and wood ear dumplings were ok. A little bland and kind of tasted like dirt. I was disappointed there was not a sauce for them.
More Moroccan Mint Tea for me! I know it probably doesn't have as "authentic" a taste as a Moroccan cafe would offer, but it's light, sweet, cold, somewhat minty with a touch of bitter, and refreshing!(Just don't expect it to be one of the best Moroccan Mint Teas out there!)
I really liked this place! First, there are so many choices for the teas. I had the Genmaicha with Matcha tea. It comes in a large pot (fills like 5 of the cups they give) they say it is for one person but I think that especially if you're ordering food, one is good enough for two people. They give free cookies with the tea. I also had the vegetable & tofu dumplings. Probably one of the best dumplings I have had. Also ordered the eggplant in chili oil, the chinese broccoli and squash, and the garden salad. The eggplant was really amazing as well as the salad (the dressing is similar to pesto). Overall, the dishes are pretty large and not very pricey. The teas are kind of a lot.. about $9 for the one serving. Still wasn't too expensive. Really recommend going here!
Horrific service, totally over priced, and the food tasted terrible. Need I say more. In a city full of restaurants...I'm surprised it's still open.
This place is so amazing!! Has really good energy and ambiance. The service is A+They have 100 different kind of teas. Love the chrysanthemum (caffeine free) and the dragon well.Also the soba noodles and bbq pork bun are out of this world!!
I went here to pick up a couple of their tea samplers (which are amazing). My friend and I decided to stay for tea and treats. The ambiance here is so lovely and peaceful... which is hard to believe considering its location. They have an unbelievably comprehensive tea selection and an array of nibbles to choose from. Everything we ordered was yummy and presented beautifully. I wanted to hide out in there from the city streets all day!
I was on a work trip to NY and I came in here twice for their dumpling soup.  I'm a major dumpling fan and the soup was delicious.  Both times ordered to go and the food was quick but not too quick!   I asked for extra broth the second time and they were more than happy to help out.  I wanted to buy some of the tea for sale but it seemed a bit overpriced..maybe I'm not a tea connoisseur just yet but getting there!
We were just around the area so my friend and I looked up on Yelp and decided to try this place.We ordered soupy pork bun, a small sacha beef casserole and a veggie dish. The pork bun was okay, probably more Shanghainese style with a little bit of sweet taste in it. The small sacha beef casserole came with one small bowl of rice. Although this may sound surprising, but the rice actually tasted better than the beef. Not that the beef casserole wasn't good, but it was just something you'd normally expected. Last of all, don't bother ordering any veggie here. Tiny portion with little flavor in it.The service was a little bit slow but overall it wasn't unpleasant. But I certainly don't find this place worth the four stars on Yelp.
Very pleasant atmosphere and nice selection of tea. Beautiful tea sets on display and available for purchase.Menu was very nice for light meal choices and each dish was both pleasing to the eye and tasty. The green tea affogato was a wonderful dessert.My main reservation was that the menu was full of cool summer foods like fresh spring roll and cold noodles while it was well into winter when we visited. A winter menu of hot meal choices would have been enjoyable.
So  nice to find this place on a cold and wet day. After a long stroll in the park and about town I was looking to warm up with a nice cup of tea. The Jamsime pearls were just the right thing.
Love this tea house! Very Japanese, romantic, old world décor. Delicious perfectly brewed tea. It did take us a very long time to get our tea, but they were crowded and I think that's part of the "tea experience." I also bought some lavender I added to chamomile tea at home. Yummy. People: this is a tea house. You sit with a person for about an hour drinking a gimongous pot of pricey tea. Please don't come here expecting something else. Personally I would not come here with a group or for lunch. It's quiet and intimate, not a place to bring out of town buddies.
Lovely decor, delicious, wide variety of teas, okay food, average service.The place is decorated like a Chinese teahouse. Tables take up 3/4 of the room while one corner has books free for perusing. The walls are lined with large traditional Chinese tapestries and an assortment of intricately decorated teapots and teacups.They have a huge collection of teas from Japan, China, Taiwan, and India, iced or hot, and bubble teas. Fellow Yelper Mee J. and I shared the $18 Ginger Milk Tea for two, served in a ginormous glass teapot. It was very delicious as the ginger wasn't too overpowering and the tea wasn't overly sweet. Next time, we'll definitely split the portion for one, because after over 4 cups of tea, there was at least HALF a teapot of tea left, wow! They also gave each of us a small sesame cookie to go with tea... wish we got more of those!They have some food items, but since we just came from dinner, we just stuck to dessert. The Matcha affogato ($9) with vanilla ice cream and a douse of matcha was decent, but nothing spectacular. Overall, the service was good, albeit a minor language barrier. I asked our server a question about how the matcha was prepared, but she kept nodding and saying it was matcha.Then when she forgot an item on our receipt twice, we just paid for our drink and dessert on separate receipts, which is fine... just a lot of confusion.
As you walk into this place you are greeted by a guy dressed in a traditional monk suit.  We were guided to our table.Radiance tea house is a cozy and intimate setting, it's the perfect place to dine alone or sip on a pot of tea and share a plate with a friend. The seating here is very cool and unpretentious. I sat along the window seating amidst lush pillows and colorfully draped curtains. It was so comfortable and relaxed environment. The staff here are so friendly and accommodating we did not want to leave.  A perfect place for an afternoon tea.
Ambiance is peaceful and quiet. Tea was good. But the place felt like it was run by untrained teenagers who didn't really understand customer service. My visit was on a Sunday around lunch time. The waitress spilled our tea but didn't seem to notice or care. We (group of 3) asked for extra spoons for soup dumplings and got one. Our table was short one napkin. The employees were not malicious by any means, but they seemed very young and were yet to be trained to pay attention to the details. Soup dumplings were unimpressive at best. Sauce appeared to be plain soy sauce, but it could have been a simple mix of vinegar and soy. It came in a standard soy sauce bottle (little glass bottle with a red top). The tea menu was impressive and our Oolong tea was fragrant, smooth, and hot.The overall impression I got was that the management needs to work on more refined service. It definitely has a potential to be very good, so I might try again in the future.
Service disappointing at best. We waited 30 minutes for our food. They forgot our appetizers and brought the main course directly. When I punted out the fact, the waiter asked if I still wanted them. When o said that I already had my main course, he simply said "ok" as he walked away. Dodd is fair, but not nearly sufficiently good to make up for the disservice. The Korean chicken rolls were tasty but hard and dry. The casserole was so spicy that I couldn't eat it. And I like spicy food.
I thought it was a book cafe but it seems like a restaurant with tea. There are plenty kinds of teas from Japan, China etc. They have detailed explanations for Wellness tea and how these teas are good for you. You can order one kind of tea depending on how many people you are going to share. If you order a pot for 2 people, it is cheaper than ordering separately. I ordered the Beauty Queen tea. It's a kind of an herbal tea, it tastes fruity and has really sweet scents eventhough there is no sugar. It was 14 bucks for 2 people. And they served 2 piece of cookies it tasted like Fresh pie korean cookie and it was a really good match with the tea. Not too quiet but when you want to meet business partners this place is great.
Great place for tea or a meal. The salmon lunch special is pretty good. Love the decor and tea selection. Setting is nice. Perfect for quiet contemplation or a quick lunch.
The soup dumplings here are small but tasty.  Took a couple of my co-workers here thought it was a nice little place.  The lunch menu was not really that great and a bit pricey.We went at lunch time before everyone showed up but after 3.5 hours to get our food and our check.  I was running late for a meeting and we could of just walked out because they were overwhelmed by the crowd of people coming to this place.  Not enough seats or tables so be prepared to wait and wait and wait.
Wonderful teas. Loved the soupy pork dumplings! Relaxed atmosphere. Nice escape from the busy streets of Manhattan.
Yummy dim sum & amazing pork belly sandwich. Glad we found this around the corner from our hotel.
Excellent, we've take the summer iced tea : perfect, but also the salmon glazed teriyaki and the pork belly bun : gorgeous !!
I'm surprised I haven't already reviewed this place!This is near work, and a really great place to escape for a satisfying and relaxing lunch or just a pot of delicious tea. I love their lunch boxes--especially the dumpling set, but adding on tea and a salad or soup can really raise the price quite a bit. It's worth it, but cannot be too regular a place.I've never had a tea nor a lunch option I didn't enjoy. The atmosphere is quiet and it feels like you could really settle into a table for quite some time and enjoy. The dumplings are all delicious but I tend to get the soup dumplings and the chicken with wood ear mushrooms. It's not an overwhelming amount of food, so it won't satisfy the starving.5 stars would mean just slightly less pricey and slightly more attentive service, but it's not like it's a problem problem--it's good stuff and decent service.
I went there in the afternoon with my ffnd. The ambience is great. Perfect afternoon place.I ordered veggie dumplings which very great. The tea was also very good. I loved the overall feel and will definitely visit again
The merger of a tea house and book store is a good mix. I can see myself spending hours reading while enjoying the tea. The selection of tea is quite remarkable and refined. We came for dim sum. The selection is limited and yet satisfying. You trade selection for quality and ambiance.
Almooooost makes it to a 4.On the one hand, I like the nice decor, the relaxing atmosphere, and the sizeable tea selection. On the other hand, the service was rather slow and not very friendly, and the food we ordered was rather bland - maybe it's because it seemed on the healthier side. The tea is pretty good, but can get a bit...steep. The price, I mean! ha! get it :/Would come back and give it another try. I did like the atmosphere, but it doesn't seem like a place you can come and bring work to do.
Only been here for lunch. Their food is decent, during regular business hours for lunch takeout. I like the quality of the food, not as 'dirty' as most chinese places in the area. Service can be better though. They are very slow and cannot really handle the lunch hour rush. I'd recommend going either early during the lunch hour (12 pm) or late (2 pm).
This is a fascinating little tea house/library-a combination I did not expect before I arrived-I went to with a good friend several weeks ago. I've got to give it an A+ as far as ambience goes; it's a really great setting which is very relaxing and conducive to contemplation-something you would normally look for in this sort of establishment. There's a huge wall of books at the back of Radiance, including many on Falun Gong, which I found curious, as well as various overpriced Southeast Asian-themed tchotchkes.The one real drawback is, unfortunately, the service, which leaves a lot to be desired. Perhaps it's merely a function of my exacting standards, but the interaction between customers and the wait staff was deficient, to say the least. I'm not sure I would necessarily return to Radiance, if only because I'm not a huge fan of tea houses or cafes. However, if tea is your bag, this place is definitely worth a shot.
Wonderful spot to escape the noise of the city! Calm and clean atmosphere with a very friendly staff. The tea options are plentiful and the food was fresh. I highly recommend this spot for lunch or dinner!
My boyfriend and I chose to come here because we were actually looking for a small Western tea shop. When Radiance popped up, all we saw was a high-rated tea house with books. lol. I imagined a cozy tea house, with books everywhere (kind of like my dream library), so this caught me off-guard.Radiance Tea House and Books is an Asian tea house that has a corner of books available for perusal and purchase. They have an amazing selection of teas and decent amount of food as well. Unfortunately, we had just come from lunch, so we weren't hungry enough to order food. However, we did greatly enjoy their tea. I had the chrysanthemum and my boyfriend had the matcha green tea. Both were perfectly made and came with little sesame rice crackers on the side. I kind of wish we'd been able to lunch there, but the prices were a little steep for the portions I saw. The atmosphere was great. It was light, bright, and airy. My three favorite combinations for ambiance. It's definitely a calming atmosphere, especially when combined with the scents of tea and musical clink of tea cups. There were tea sets on display for purchase; they were all so beautiful and unique! Teas were available for purchase as well. The staff was friendly enough. They were very professional; nothing too extraordinary, but we didn't really have that complicated of an order. lol. :)My only tiff is that there was a yellow, sponge-like thing in my water. Of course they got me a new one, but I didn't really notice it until I'd almost emptied the glass. Overall, it's a nice place. I don't know if it stands out enough for me to go there every time I'm in New York, but it's definitely somewhere I wouldn't mind going if I was on that side of town.
My friends and I came back for a tea tasting of three teas. They were both very unique, and we learned a bit out the teas and their differences in steeping.We had the sweetest, funniest waiter. He was attentive and goofy -- probably not everyone's style, but he made the experience more fun for us.The salmon roll ($8) was good but kind of expensive. Similarly, the shrimp wontons ($10) contained just four pieces, but it was pretty tasty.You must get the tea cake with ice cream. It was a perfect way to end our meal.
First I would like to say that if you truly like tea, then this place will be heaven to you.  I stumbled upon this place randomly during a rainy day.  I had a 3 hour job interview that day and I had a sore throat, in addition to my allergies bothering me.  I figured tea would help so I came to this restaurant to just get some tea.  I did not expect the large and very extensive tea menu Radiance has.  Their menu ranges from hot tea, ice tea, and a wellness/herbal tea menu.   I got the Licorice root herbal tea from the wellness/herbal tea menu, which stated it helps a sore throat, allergies, heartburn, and relieves stress.  I had allergies, a sore throat, and stress for having an interview, so I decided why not?  Well it was a good choice.  The tea was very soothing and helped me relax.  I got the Unagi rice box for food and that was also good, as it came with edamane and dumplings.Anyways back to the tea; there is a wide variety of teas to choose from, including white tea, green tea, black tea, oolong tea, pu'er, and scented/blended teas. Many of these teas originated from Asian countries such as Japan, China, Taiwan, and Sri Lanka.  I can safely say that there are over 60 different types of tea on their menu.  As for ice teas, many of the hot teas are available in ice, and there are other latte drinks available.  I've had the Purple Yam ice latte and Mango Sunrise ice tea which were both very good.  The wellness/herbal tea menu has a variety of teas that mention a variety of benefits, such as an immune system boost and help you cope with a variety of sicknesses.  Of course I cannot verify these, but the Licorice tea I had definitely helped me get through my interview.The decor and ambiance is very nice, it has a feel of a quiet place, but I have only been here during lunchtime, so I am unsure if this place gets busy and louder later in the day.  They have a variety of books and tea sets on sale in the store which adds to the pleasant environment.  Service was very attentive and excellent.  The server seemed to be very knowledgeable of the menu and the different teas.This restaurant also gives you the opportunity to be apart of a classic Chinese Tea Ceremony.  This ceremony is a way to present the tea and enjoy it in a structured setting.  I have actually always wanted to see or be apart of a Chinese Tea Ceremony, so I would like to come back here and try it out.
I was going to give this place 3 stars but then I wandered around the book section and gasp! There is Falun Gong material for sale here. Now, I have nothing against anti-Communist rhetoric and personally, I might be an anarchist in the closet, but I don't like it when things are not presented to me clearly and I have to learn about the propaganda through alternative means.I did like that they have translated versions of classic Chinese texts including "Dream of Red Chamber," "Three Kingdoms," and perhaps my favorite, "Journey to the West." It is the Chinese version of the Hindu monkey god, Hanuman. Something about this place reminded me of my beloved, late grandfather. Perhaps it was the Chinese calligraphy paintings on the wall. Or perhaps it was the classical Chinese music playing. Or perhaps it was the sterile ambiance that are so characteristic of Chinese tea parlors in Taiwan. It made me want to have one last cup of tea with my grandfather, just chatting about the long forgotten days of Chinese history, on how close the Communist came to losing. The world would be a much different place. A butterfly flutters its wings somewhere and causes an earthquake elsewhere. OK, I have digressed enough. I'm not sure this is a place I would go again for dinner, but whatever, I have no idea how this part of town works. They have quite an impressive list of teas, but honestly, $16 for a pot of Dragonwell tea is just a ripoff. I hope they put some dragon fire in it. The food was passable at best here. I had some sort of salad and it was quite forgettable. Very interesting that the white guy who served us spoke impressive Chinese.This place is also good for one of those online first dates, that way if things go sour, you can make a mad dash into Midtown Hell after quickly finishing a pot of tea. Hail a cab down to Chinatown and disappear into one of the hidden opium dens for a real authentic experience...and chase the Dragon down the well.
Fast service, great variety of teas, and this is not your typical fast food Chinese restaurant. Don't expect fast food here. Overall, food was great, although the chicken curry wrap wasn't really good, the chicken was really dry, and that's the only complaint I have.
Radiance is a very nice place for a casual lunch. The ambience of the place was very zen and relaxing. Super cute and cozy environment.The ginger milk tea was amazing, but it was a little pricey. However it was worth it. The miso soup soup was great and paired well with the edamame they brought to the table. I had the chicken wontons and they were sweet and spicy. Very good, I would definitely come back again.
Just horribly disappointing. We ordered Puerh that I swear is just oolong. The meal was mediocre. The mochi had the texture of having been frozen. The green tea ice cream tasted like sweet chemically bubble tea and the chocolate ice cream was just plain weird.
My daughter and I went here for lunch after the Matisse Cutout exhibit at MOMA in the cold winter.  The ambiance was great, the tea was quite good, and food was OK, and the price was high.  It was pleasant, but the lunch crowd was noisy.  I would come back, but wish that the prices were not so high.
As usual, Yelp is right.  This place was amazing.Went on a Wednesday afternoon.  Not only were we immediately seated, but we were able to stay for nearly three hours!  More impressively, our server was neither negligent nor overbearing.I had a dumpling box, half little soupy pork dumplings and chicken teriyaki in the 7-grain wrap.  The soup dumplings were excellent, though I wish they were a little bigger and a little broth-ier.  Regardless of size, they were super delicious!  The chicken teriyaki dumplings were also tasty, and had a great special miso sauce that came with it.As for tea, we shared a pot of green tea and of course I can't remember which type we had, but rest assured, it was very flavorful, and was brewed to perfection.  Though we didn't need a stronger cup, having the tea leaves on the side was nice, and they were very attentive when it came to refills.I'm holding off on a 5-star review 'til I get a chance to go back, sample more dumplings, some of the desserts & some of the other teas.  With three menus, there are a lot of options and I want to see how at least a couple more are.  Then I'll know if Radiance Tea is as good as can be.
This place is always consistent with their food and service which is why I always go back. My go to is the lunch special dumpling box and a pot of tea. I love the chicken with wood ear, and the soupy dumplings. Also with box comes slightly pickled crunchy veggies and edamame. The tea menu is wondeful, breaking down teas by black, green, etc. It is also priced by the size of the pot. They never hesitate to refill your pot as well. I never feel rushed and the ambiance is very nice, far from the feeling of midtown Manhattan.
I just can't seem to love this place. It seems a little too New Age for me, and really don't think the tea is that good. The food is healthy and fresh, but given the surroundings it doesn't seem like a place that would serve AMAZING food. More of a place to have intellectual chats with friends.A note: don't get the boba. The pearls reminded me of gushers -- the only way I could squish them was to use the back of my mouth, then all this weird jelly came out. Bathrooms are very clean, and staff is friendly.
This place was not what I expected. I loved the bookstore in the back (though most books I did not understand b/c they weren't in English). It was very simple decor but nice. The one thing I really wanted to try were the pork dumplings. What I got were wontons and I was pretty confused at first. There was a bit of an English barrier with our server, so I decided to show her a picture of what I wanted. We finally got them (they took a while which is why I didn't rate as high - we were the only ones there) and they were really good. Another thing that really stood out was one of the teas that we ordered. I went up to ask them if they sold it, but they were out of stock. They tried to convince me that another one was similar to it, but when I saw the hefty price tag, I decided not to risk it and and was glad they were out of stock. I actually thought it was really strange how our server acted with us. Don't get me wrong, she seemed really nice. When our server was helping us, she was really respectful and proper and would bow her head while walking away backwards (that was different, but whatever). But all of the sudden, no one came to us for a while and she was apparently off but didn't tell us. She didn't even look at us as she walked away right in front of us. Not so proper there...huh...?
This place is a cute tea house in Midtown Manhattan.  A surprising location for a place like this somehow, but on our radar, and in our sights, so here we go!Walking it, it felt a bit like a library, fairly brightly lit, with lots of books, plus tea & acessories on most of the visible counter space.  There were also many tables scattered about, those square ones which I think are traditional to chinese tea houses.  We grabbed a table near the front, for three of us, and waited for our waiter to come over.  Then the various menus were laid out upon us.  There was a tea menu, and a lunch menu, then a dinner menu, and then a specials menu.  We had menus flying everywhere, and that always makes it a challenge to decide.  So I just order one thing at random & we share a teapot as a group.  Conversation ensues, the white guy waiter starts speaking mandarin, and who knows what happens next.  It was funny... All I kept thinking was - gee, this place is really lilly white.  LOL.  That's just what came to my mind, upper east side style.Still the tables had a lot of people by themselves, each studying, and reading.  That felt very Columbia University style.  I've had better tea at Ten Ren, or places in Chinatown & Flushing.  Still this is an unusual location, so around here this will be your best option.  It's very bright for a restaurant, so no romantic or date options I'm afraid.  But very good for studying if you want.
Very nice atmosphere! Servers were all extremely friendly. I ordered the Salmon Teriyaki. It was really good! The ingredients all seemed very fresh, and everything was cooked nicely. Even the bok choy that came with the salmon was super fresh. My friend ordered the shrimp and avocado bento which he also enjoyed.  (Took pictures of both which you can view in the photos section). Be warned though, portions are somewhat small for the price. We had to get tea as what other reason would you come to a tea house for? We got the Tie Guan Ying (sp) Oolong tea. It came in a very pretty pot and cute cups. They also paired it with a nice peanut cracker (which went really well with the oolong tea). I also loved how the server asked if we'd like to smell the tea leaves (which were very fragrant). It's great that we were able to get a second pot from the same leaeves.The best part was that even though there were a lot of people waiting to be seated, servers didn't seem rushed to kick us out. Overall, it was a nice and calming experience. I wouldn't come here all the time if it's with my friends, but maybe it'd be nice for professional lunches. The atmosphere is just so serene that I don't want to ruin other diners' experiences with my chatter.
Good food, tasty drinks, and pleasant enough service, but the atmosphere is a little weird. My friend's words (not mine): "This feels like a place where a guy with yellow fever would take his Asian date." And after scanning the room and seeing the very homogenous demographic (and a white guy wearing a qipao-type garment, for some inexplicable reason) I understood what she meant. It's a little antiquated, Overall, though, it's a spacious tea room that has a huge (if not pricey) selection of teas and platters. The dumping platter was really good. I probably wouldn't come for a meal though. Just didn't dig the ambiance all that much.
Want to eat in a library? On a Saturday evening it was incredibly quiet and given how things tasted we might as well have been eating the books. The only thing that stood out were the pork bun sandwiches. You're better off going to Chinatown for dimsum.
Calming atmosphere and yummy food. try the tea, I had lemongrass mint a soothing blend.
Ordered shrimp won ton and jasmine silver pine tea. Won tons were very good but the tea wasn't anything special.
This is Chinese food detox! Clean fresh and tasty. The tea house with a book collection. The tea house was beautifully decorated, exceptionally clean for a Chinese restaurant at that price and polite/ service-minded staff. Tea: Amazing tea selection from the tea house. I had the jasmine silver needle and it was worth the $27 price tag. Food: tasty and healthy. So if you are looking for greasy stirfry or lard loaded dim sum, this is not a place for you. I had seafood hot pot (clear and easy), Chilean Seabass, Chinese broccoli and some dim sum. I enjoy the healthy non greasy food and will come back here again for a little Chinese food sanctuary in the heart of concrete jungle.
If you're looking for an upscale and laid back tea house with a huge selection of tea, this is a great place. There is a tea menu and the tea selection is so large you will probably never be able to try all the teas. The restaurant is decorated beautifully with various displays of Chinese-culture artifacts as well as tea pots and tea-related items. I tried the Ancient Path tea and it was delicious!! It was expensive for a pot, about $18, but I think it was worth it. It had a great flavor to it and I felt great after drinking it. If you're a fan of tea, definitely try this tea, or come here to try another tea. I will definitely come back here in the future to try their other tea. I tried the matcha and vanilla ice cream(matcha affogato) as well, and thought that it tasted great, but it wasn't worth the $9 that I paid. If you like tea houses, definitely add Radiance to your list of tea houses to try!The reason why I didn't give it 5 stars was because I felt the waiter service was slow. There were only a few waiters and we had to wait a few minutes after we were ready to order before a waiter noticed us since there are two sides in the restaurant and there were barely any waiters on our side. It also took us a while before we could get the check because we had to wait for a waiter to notice us.
We had a great lunch here. I loved the relaxing, zen-like decor and loved that we could browse through some really unique books while waiting for our food. The chai tea wasn't anything amazing but they had a huge assortment of teas and I probably should have chosen something more interesting. We got 2 lunch specials, the dumpling sampler and the chicken and rice pot. The food was extremely flavorful. The little celery and carrot salad they served on the side was amazing. Would definitely come back.
My parents and I ate here during a short vacation to New York City. Came for the xiao long bau, ended up absolutely loving the spicy beef and tofu more than anything! I've had a recent craving for it so badly, unfortunately I'm across the entire continent and an ocean in Hawaii. Technically it's mapo tofu, but I've never had any like that before, and it was so amazing. I wish I knew how to recreate it so that I could someone satisfy my craving before the next time I return to NYC (who knows how long it will be). Service was good, there was only one or two other parties. Food was very warming and filling (especially the tofu and beef!)I will absolutely be returning the next time I find myself in the city.
A Chinese style tea house but actually with very good Chinese cuisine. Suggest a trying. The setting is no doubt also good
Radiance tea house is a great setting for tea and food any time of day. The atmosphere is very relaxing. I have been a few times and on each occasion the service was very attentive. I would highly recommend the miso soup and the pork soup dumplings. The tea selection is also very extensive and obviously not to be missed.
The tea: 5 starsThe ambiance: 5 starsThe waitstaff: 2 starsHence the overall 3. I read reviews in which people say very positive things about the servers. Maybe I had bad luck today, because I found them to be curt and a little snotty.
Great selection of teas, that was the draw but the experience was disappointing. The service was pretty bad, slow, caring little for the customer experience in general. When we did get our teas, the tea had no taste (I got one of the yellow ones). It might have been that they put so little of the actual tea leafs in the pot that it tasted like hot water. I should mention that I am really into teas-I won't say I am an expert, but tea making is a daily ritual for me! Oh yeah, and they overcharged, but that I guess could happen anywhere, caught it in time and had no problem getting them to change the amount.
Came here for dinner with a friend. We were feeling especially peckish since we had both skipped lunch. It is not a romantic ambiance. But it is laid back and definitely not a scene. This place has an amazing tea selection. Infact I want to come back and try more teas. And the staff is knowledgeable on what the teas are good for. We started with some soupy dumplings, spicy eggplant and pork belly buns. All three were excellent. Infact, I prefer the pork belly buns here over those at momofuku. The spicy eggplant had a nice kick. (Maybe a bit too much garlic). But thy were flavorful and delicious. The soupy dumplings were perfect.  They burst in your mouth and filled it up with warm deliciousness. For dinner we had the sha cha beef hotpot and mushroom chicken. Both were also on point. Although I definitely favored the sha cha chicken. It had an great spice and the noodles were perfection. We had also ordered the dan dan noodles. I don't know what we were thinking because were were getting quite full. But they were amazing. Spicy and yummy. I would have them again for sure as well. I would love to come back here.
The first time I had radiance (back in 2011) - I was pleasantly surprised. Food quality was great, tea was great, waiters were helpful.Then things changed - Am I missing something? Did the management change? SOMETHING happened. And all of a sudden the menu started expanding twice its size... There starts to be more of these bento nonsense.. Less about the food and more about the value. Then the food quality was compromised. I always ordered the rice dumplings, the woodear mushrooms dumplings, soup dumplings - and they were all very delicately made. The last time I had them, they tasted meh. Swirling steam water around the plate diluting the sauce.. my rice dumplings were icy cold on the inside. And the service - no one came to check for tea refills. (Gone were the days the waiter would take my empty tea pot shouting "DI ER PAO!" (Second Brew in chinese) at the counter. Gosh I miss that guy! He was a mandarin speaking american) This time, I asked for a check from the waiter.. And during the 20 mins I waited I observed that he served others and clearly forgot about my check. When he came to realize it (when I saw that he looked at my table for a split second), he pretended he didn't see me and scurried into the kitchen, out of sight. HA! Well ok fine, maybe he was a trainee waiter. I don't know if I would go back again.. Maybe for old time's sake. But I definitely don't feel the same way about you anymore. Maybe it's time for me to move on.
I really like the atmosphere and the tea!  My oh my, was our fruit and flowers iced tea tasty!  The food was a bit lacking though.  My friend wanted to try the soup dumplings, which were delicious.  But our waitress didn't understand her so we ended up getting regular dumplings at first.  She had to open her Yelp app to show a picture so we could get the correct order.
I've been here several times.  Never had anything approaching a mediocre meal, let alone bad.  The teas are amazing, especially the iced blends.  Getting a waiter to move at a speed above 'turtle' our to act like they give a crap is a separate issue.Today's waiter had to be reminded he had a table five minutes after our water landed on the table.All of our food, an app apiece and two entrees all showed up within three minutes of one another.
Try alllllll of the dumplings! Not a single one failed to leave me wanting an entire plate of each. Soupy pork dumplings are to die for.
Great option for dinner before City Center (right down the block). Lots of really interesting choices (tons of vegetarian and noted as gluten free). Underwhelmed by mixed dumplings but very satisfied with barbecue pork buns (3); ginger-y steamed chicken with mushrooms; very spicy Chinese eggplant (could brush spice aside); interesting flat noodles with shrimp (ok that it was really not spicy as advertised). Some incongruous accompaniments:  unripe winter tomatoes and cucumbers with pork buns, peas and carrots as part of flat noodle and shrimp dish.   Didn't seem to care we had a reservation on a Wednesday night. Suggest looking for seating to left of entryway, a prettier section where tables don't have view of service area. If you are not sharing everything as we did, be prepared for food to arrive at widely different times (woman next to us was not happy). Website doesn't accurately reflect full menu.  Next time want to try yummy looking kabocha squash dish.
This place is a gem hidden in the heart of midown. The entrance is unassuming and really easy to miss. I've walked by this place many times before a friend finally recommended that we check this place out. Inside, you don't feel like you're in a big city at all. It's really peaceful. The ingredients used to make the food are fresh and of high quality, and the chefs are really good at what they do. Even the teas are delicious, and they offer a large variety including everything form pure Chinese, Japanese and Indian teas to tea lattes. I definitely want to come back here in the near future.
Wonderful selection, quiet atmosphere, and delicious food. What's not to like?
Tie Guan Yin.I haven't had that tea...or experienced that quality of flavor since spending time in the mountains of Taiwan. It's the most earthy beautiful tea on the planet, and if you live your life without trying it, you might as well have thrown in the towel 80 years ago.
It's a bookstore. No, it's a restaurant. No, it's both!This place is close to my office and a great lunch spot. I don't drink tea but all the people I've brought here were a huge fan of the teas both hot and iced. I really like the authentic flavors in their food and would recommend the followingAssorted handmade dumplings (any flavor), cold spicy noodle, and their sichuan chili beef and tofu hot pot which was generous on the beef and extremely warming especially since we went on a cold and rainy day
I did not like the tea we enjoyed cold (rose oolong), as it was a bit over-brewed in my opinion, but everyone else at my table did. The atmosphere was very quiet and calm even reserved. Which I know I prefer to bars.The wait stuff did not seem very courteous nor were they attentive to our needs, but the lunch boxes we ordered were delicious. I highly recommend the dumplings! ^.^I am more than likely to go back and try another tea.
An unconvincing 2.5 star experience for me. Radiance has a calming atmosphere, but beneath the zen-like feel, I felt the lack of authenticity for a tea house. The teas themselves were not the culprit for such mediocrity, but rather everything else, from the lackluster collection of books, the few teapots and tea cups meant to conjure a traditionally Chinese ambiance, and the "asian fusion" menu.The cold tofu was the greatest disappointment (shocker, really), a rectangular serving of chilled tofu topped with shredded dried pork and bathed in what the menu describes as a homemade plum glaze. The "homemade plum glaze" was none other than a sweet and sour sauce of the Chinese fast food variety that could not possibly have gone well with shredded pork sung! It boggles my mind till now. Cold tofu + sweet and sour sauce + pork sung.The radiance signature cold noodle was palatable but not memorable (and definitely not authentic). It was a concoction I feel, meant for those who've never had the real thing. The radiance vegetable roll, while fresh, was microscopic in size (and set us back $8.)Service was friendly but almost non-existent. I had to get up from the table four separate times to flag down our server.
Service was extremely lacking - it was like pulling teeth. I am usually very patient but this was just ridiculous. I'm not sure if its because there wasn't enough staff or whatever but it is only one floor and not that big of a dining area. The concept was cool - but I was disappointed that it wasnt as dimly lit as I saw on some Yelp review pictures. The book section was okay - more touristy than anything but the walls were cute with all the different tea pots. Would i try again? Not too sure.
I came here with a friend. I had the green salad and chicken dumplings, and she had the salmon summer roll and beef dumplings. We both tried each other's dumplings and they were good. I particularly liked the thyme vinaigrette on the salad! The service was quick and polite. A very enjoyable dinner!
This tea house gets worse and worse with each successive visit. I was craving some hot ginger honey tea and came in on 10/7 to get it. My young Chinese waitress had a really bad attitude and clearly does not know how to deal with customers in the standard ways that American establishments usually do. She said they don't have ginger honey tea on the menu but could make one for me for $8. I then noticed that they had a lemon ginger tea on the menu, also for $8, and said I'd just have that instead. When the tea came, it was actually an ice tea. To be fair, that was what the menu specified, but I looked at the menu too quickly and therefore didn't notice.  I asked them if they could just either heat up the existing tea or give me a hot ginger honey after all. That was when the young waitress threw a hissy fit. She didn't speak English that well, so I spoke to her in Chinese and repeated that I wanted my ginger tea hot. In a pretty nasty tone, she said the menu specified that the ginger lemon tea was cold. Ok, it did, but traditionally, ginger tea at Asian establishments are almost always served hot, and at best there's a cold option. Also, I was not making an unreasonable request. Customers send stuff back all the time, and restaurants tend to accommodate their requests if it's not unreadable. Why they couldn't just heat up my lemon ginger tea was beyond me. Then my waitress continued her hissy fit in Chinese and said when I send something back, she'd have to pay for it. Really, this stupid store charges $8 for a cup of ice tea, and it can't even offer customers one of the most basic services, which is to give them the drink they want when a mistake has been made? And if it is true that the restaurant forces their employees to pay out of their own pocket when a customer sends something back, then they're really operating in a very stingy Chinese fashion, one more befitting of restaurants in the Third World rather than a restaurant that seeks to target a Midtown crowd able to dish out $8 for one damn cup of ice tea. In the end, I got sick and tired of my waitress's scowling and sniping and told her to forget it. Won't be returning to this tea house ever again.
The food wasn't that great. We had some spicy chicken that was soggy, fatty (bumpy-skinned) strips of chicken in a bowl of sauce, The temperature it was served at made me worry. Some rolls and other things that were not good. On a side note, tea was perfect and they have hundreds of selections. We thought it was overpriced as well.
this is the place!whenever i have guests coming in from out of town to nyc i bring them here. the tea list is exquisite and intense. several pages long, they have every kind of tea imaginable. they also serve good small tapas-like dishes. the service is friendly and can help you make difficult tea decisions. the atmosphere is serene and zen. you can also buy tea, tea sets, and books there. i am going back and bringing the gang. : )
What a lovely, "zen" place for all kinds of tea, dumplings, and other food items.  Customer treatment is fantastic as well.  Delicious food.  For calm away from the midtown "storm", come here
What a lovely tea house.  The setup is cute - there are a ton of books (some in Chinese!).  I saw a lot of Children's books.  They also have a wide variety of teas and tea sets for sale.But of course you should come for the tea/food, number one.  I got this tea/dumpling set.  I chose gen matcha green tea (green tea with roasted brown rice) and pork dumplings.  The set also came with a small mochi and a cookie.  The dumplings were very good - they were not just regular dumplings, they also had some soup dumplings included in the mix.  The mochi was simply amazing - very soft, sweet, and the paste was amazing.  The cookies were great too -- this place is good for dessert if you're the type of person who doesn't like their desserts too sweet.I thought the tea was brewed very well - I could definitely taste the brown rice in my tea.  It was the right temperature too - hot enough that it's enjoyable but not that hot to the point where I'm burning my tongue.The prices are a tiny steep - $19 for dumplings, tea, and desert + tip/tax.  But I can eat this cost every now and then - the tea and mochi are what will keep me coming back.
I have been to this restaurant at least three times before and everything was really excellent. The last time I visited the establishment was over a year ago. At that time, service was excellent. So, I was really excited to celebrate a birthday dinner with a few friends last nignt. I had raved about the place to them and so was thoroughly disappointed and embarrassed when the service was so poor. The wait staff was generally nice, although a bit disorganized. We ordered tea, which was excellent. I asked questions about the gluten free soy sauce (I'm gluten free, which is why I have appreciated the establishment and specifically chose it for my birthday) and they informed me that they didn't have any gluten free soy sauce that day. Okay, disappointing ...so, I decided I would get a salad. Their salad has been phenomenal in the past. They were also out of salad. Seriously. My friend tried to order their vegetarian spring roll...they were out of those too. Finally, I said to the waitress - completely bewildered, "what do you have?" She didn't respond. She did go to the kitchen to make sure there was really no salad at that point - just in case. She returned and informed us that there was enough for one person. At that point, we were completely bemused and decided to finish our tea and go to Franchia for food.
In a Nutshell: Great place to sit with a pot or two of tea and debate the finer points of life, the universe, and everything with a date or friend.Beyond the Nutshell:  I haven't actually eaten any of the entrees here, but tea is certainly the emphasis.  Don't come expecting a bookstore either.  The books on offer are mostly in Chinese, and it's really just three or four bookcases.That said, this is one of the better places in the city if you're just looking for good tea and a place to enjoy it.  The selection of different teas is simply huge, and I've enjoyed every one I've had.  The tea isn't terribly cheap- ~9 bucks a pot, but you're getting to "rent" the table as well as get some pretty good service from the staff.  They noticed- twice- when our teapots were getting empty and immediately went to refill them with  hot water (free, of course).  Though I've stayed multiple hours each time I've gone, the staff never tries to hurry me out- a big plus.  The atmosphere is peaceful and the decor is attractive- from the patterned teapots to the afore-mentioned bookshelves and well evokes the asian tea house suggested by the name.
,Whats not to like? Freshly brewed tea hot and cold that also sells books and tea sets.  Perfect place to sit and relax amongst the hustle and bustle of midtown manhattan.  They have teas imported from china and other parts of the world, each brewed to perfection.  I took my parents here who are tea connoisseurs, the tea they drink at home is about $1-200 for a medium sized bottle.  And they approve of this spot.  If you are a tea fan, its definitely a worthy pit stop.  Dont forget their food menu.  Although Ive never tried any foods, they all look decent to try.
Came with my husband for some nice tea and very well-prepared, high-class Chinese food. Wasn't disappointed! Nothing to do with the sugary stuff served at lower end restaurants. They charge the right price. Book selection is great too.
I was in the mood for tea and saw the rating for the restaurant/tea-house, so I dropped by.  I should have known by the fact they call Soup dumplings "soupy dumplings" that I was in trouble.  My score breakdown:Food - 1.5 StarsTea - 2 StarsService - 3 StarsDécor - 3.5 StarsFood - Soup dumplings need to have soup in them, otherwise, it's false advertisement. The dumplings came in a bamboo basket but all of them were stuck either to the side or each other.  So, needless to say, I broke some...but no soup came out!  Also, they tasted like the frozen dumplings you can get in the Chinese supermarkets that you steam yourself...except those had soup in them!Also tried the chicken and mushroom dumpling.  Also tasted like the Chinese supermarket bought dumplings.  If that is the case, I highly suggest buying them in the supermarket instead of paying 7 bucks for each batch.Needless to say, the food didn't taste amazing and was highly overpriced.  I would it give it a one, but it was edible.Tea - For a tea-house, the selection is quite varied  However, I don't think they brewed the tea correctly.  It wasn't as smooth as it should be.  Also, highly overpriced for the quality of the tea.Service - Was decent, but quite slow.  Perfect if you are looking for a quiet place to sit and relax.  However, the chairs are high-back stiff chairs with no cushions, so I don't know how much relaxing you are going to get.Décor - Was the best part.  I liked the books you can read and the tea sets were nice to look at.  As mentioned before, relatively quiet atmosphere.Overall, I do not recommend coming to this place - highly overpriced for average to below-average food and tea.
Stopped in here thinking I could park myself with my laptop while having a drink, but felt awkward as all the tables had little fork/knife/napkin settings.  A person or two had their ipads out while sipping tea, but the overall vibe felt like they were trying to prevent road warriors from taking over the place.  It does look cool and stylized inside, but not the coffee/tea shop I imagined.Instead, I ordered a sweetened iced lychee black tea, after a friendly manager(?) saw me looking randomly around and explained the menu.  He delegated my order to a woman behind the counter, who rolled her eyes as if she were saying "not again" to someone ordering that day's premade tea in a pitcher.  She did it again when I mentioned "togo".  So lucky she could trouble herself into doing me the favor of doing her job!  Anyway, people seem to like the food here, so I might have to check it out again when just chilling with friends.
My friends recommended this place so my boyfriend and I made a trip to check it out. It is very serene, cute, the staff is adorable and nice and attentive. The place is very spacious and has a section with books and teasets for sale. The bathroom is also spacious and clean (which is a major plus!).We both ordered a cold ice tea (1 mango and 1 peach). Both were pretty good and very refreshing. We split the soupy pork dumplings and the chicken and woodear mushroom dumplings. He ordered the summer chicken noodles and I ordered the unagi rice box. The eel with rice was soooo delicious! For dessert we had the mochi platter as well as the ice cream mochi (liked the ice cream mochi better as the mochi in the platter was warm and too soft for my liking).This is a place I'd like to take my friends when they're visiting. Would definitely come back!
Absolutely delicious! First time in NYC and wanted to try something new. Great service and yummy dumplings.
This is a Chinese tea house with Japanese elements in the cuisine as well. It's a great little place for brunch, and I've noticed a lot of Upper Manhattan-ites treating the place as their weekend dose of Asian food and an "oriental experience," (I overheard someone saying this). By bookstore, the location means a few shelves and tables of either Chinese classics and Falun Dafa materials (in Chinese), or for non-Chinese readers, travel guides, arts and crafts guides, and language helpers. Nothing too impressive. They also boast a large selection of teas packaged for sale.I have gotten an almond tofu with strawberry sauce dessert, assorted dumpling bento box, and pork belly sandwiches, as well as a couple of teas. The teas are presented well, and even for one person, there is enough in the pot for another two or three cups. The set also includes a little cookie/cracker, which is a heartier version of a Wheat Thin. The almond tofu was refreshing and very light- not too sweet. The dumpling bento box was filling, and allowed me to sample of their handiwork, including soup dumplings and chicken and mushroom dumplings. They were small and bite-sized, which I appreciated. The soup dumplings, despite their small size, still had a good bit of soup in them. The box came with a nice-sized pile of edamame and salad with yummy sesame seed dressing- my favorite. A big bonus was that the greens in their bento box salad were fresh and crisp, unlike the salads with ginger dressing you find at many Asian restaurants when you order bento boxes. The pork belly sandwiches were all right, nothing extraordinary. I've had better (Num Pang/Ippudo/Momofuku/Bunns), so 3 little sandwiches for $9 seemed a little expensive in retrospect.The service was lacking. Both times that I went, we had to wait a long time to grab someone's attention for the check.
The Radiance Tea House is a very pleasant little restaurant, with a book store and tea sets for sale as well as good food.  They don't have spicy dishes, so if you insist on hot stuff go somewhere else, but what they do have is very good.  I really enjoyed a box of assorted dumplings, and my husband enjoyed the Shacha shrimp.  The freshly-baked cookie with ice cream was a great dessert.  So were the mochis.  And the tea was excellent.  They also serve good coffee.  All in all, a very nice place.
Quite and calm, with an *extensive* selection of teas, Radiance is good spot in mid-town awash in other louder places.But the tea was..."meh". The service was... "meh". It is mainly the service which I give 2-stars. Once my guest arrived, it took the server 10' to come to the table. It took us 15' to try and get a check -- I finally just walked over the register myself.So if you are not on any schedule, this place could be lovely. I'll go back again and hope to revise this review later with a more positive experience.
Overpriced. $9 for 4 average dumplings?! $10 for bland, cold noodles that a ramen package would beat head-to-head? Give me a break! This is why I don't trust yelp for Asian food. 4 stars?! No way.
Food was good. Tea was superb. Service was great. Would definitely recommend this place and go back again.
In town for a conference at the Hilton and ate here twice in 3 days. Just so pleasant and really lovely experience. The food is clean and authentic. The tea is priced high, but delicious. I love the "health" bend on the menu. Maybe don't drink the Ginseng soup for dinner, it kept me up.
I am into tea and so I have to use this review to comment on the quality of what you find here.  As for the way the place is designed, it is very nice and very relaxing.  No complaints here.  As for the tea, I will use the recent Tie Guan Yin oolong that I got from them.  The tea, judging more along competition lines, is acceptable.  Not terrible.  No awkward flavors, smells, or astringency.  I smelled the tea before drinking it and it was quite aromatic, yet I was already aware that they used boiling water from how hot the tea remained even after waiting a while for it to cool down.  So the temperature of the water was off from the start, although I appreciate the removing of the leaves from the water by default (leaving leaves in water is a big no no).  Upon tasting the tea, it good yet I noticed immediately that something was missing.  A level of flavor that I feel was killed both with the brewing vessel (larger teapot that dilutes the tea) and the higher water temperature.  They used an amount of leaves that I would generally use in a gaiwan, which is half the size of the teapot.  Thus, I am sure you can imagine that the concentration of the final product will be lower.  There was very little overt astringency.   A good sign.  Honestly, I am guessing that if this tea had been brewed properly using the gongfu style in a small teapot or traditional gaiwan, a little more leaves, shorter brewing times, and better water temperatures, this tea would have been quite high in quality.  Of course that's not to say the tea itself isn't high quality, it's just that the way it was brewed downplayed the inherent qualities of the tea, resulting in a lower grade flavor and aroma profile.  Overall I would recommend this place for casual tea ceremonies with your friends.  Very relaxing. Tea quality I can tell is rather high, just not brewed properly to my standards.  I shall try out their other teas and update.  Oh, and the bathrooms are very pretty!  I always like clean bathrooms and these are far above the typical Manhattan foxhole bathrooms filled with dirt and mold.
First impression was a very zen like but noisy place. Waiter said " sorry sir no pict unless u sit and order". Not a good start. Now the food. Saw the menu and price is on the high side for a non NYorkian. Ordered the Vege handmade dumplings, spicy noodles, radiance salad and Vege tofu summer roll. Tea we got Sweet dragon and vanilla black tea. Taste. The dumplings got a 7-10 and the summer roll 8-10. They were fresh, sumptuous and very appealing. The spicy and peanutty noodles ( got both ) were 8-10. Loved the tea very fresh and wholesome.y daughter ordered the sweet dragon tea and it is a 10-10. Simply delicious with longan, dates, Mochi and black Chinese tea. Loved it. Party of 41/2 and our out of door price nearly $180 with a 20% tip. Expensive yes worth it maybe once every 6 months. We had Mochi ice cream grapefruit and tofu dessert. They wer
My friend was raving about this place so we decided to try it out for lunch.  Ambiance was clean, cozy, definitely has a relaxing feel.  However, the chairs were  uncomfortable to sit in.  It's like you want to stay longer, but can't because your butt fell asleep!  The food was okay but too expensive for dumplings.  If you're coming here for lunch, book ahead and be prepared to wait awhile for the food to arrive.
4.5 StarsA perfect place for a relaxing lunch or tea break just moments from bustling Times Square.  Radiance has a great selection of Traditional and Herbal teas.  My friends and I enjoyed a delicious pot of Caramel Honey Rooibos, which was exactly as delicious as you'd expect with a strong aroma of maple syrup, but a more delicate taste.  Five stars for the tea selection, presentation, and very serene interior.They have a dedicated lunch menu with a great "lunch combination" of two types of dumplings, edamame, and salad.  We also shared the special of the day, spicy chicken wontons, and I ordered both the "Soupy Pork Dumplings" (xiaolongbao) and chicken/mushroom dumplings.  The spicy wontons were great (4.5 stars), though the soup and chicken dumplings were only good (3.5 stars).  Overall, I'd say 4 stars at most for the food.  There's also a nice book store inside if you'd like to pick up a book to read while eating.  Service was very friendly, albeit not very attentive.   Since this is advertised as a tea house and has pretty good food, I'd say 4.5 stars overall, rounds to five.  A great find in Manhattan!
Radiance has become my Wednesday quiet spot for oolong, dumplings, reading, and Dan.Who's Dan? Oh, he's the super nice Chinese guy who probably talked you through the extensive tea menu using layperson vocab that doesn't make you feel stupid. He probably offered to refill your teapot, and returned to sincerely ask how the second steep tasted. Radiance also excels in its gentle lunch presentation. Delicate little broth-based soups, dumplings in bento boxes [the "soupy" dumplings are good, though not the best in the midst of this craze], soft but tasty homemade miso, tender little mochis for dessert. If you're like me and you have 95 pages of textbook to read today, it's auspicious that Radiance offers an amusing bookshop to distract, and a library of loose and bagged tea for sale, equally deserving perusal.
If I could open a restaurant, I would love it to be something like Radiance Tea House. All of my favorite things in one place. Books, tea, and food. I love the atmosphere. Love the fact that it is a book store, tea shop, and restaurant at the same time. Dishes are more tapas style. I must warned though that although everything I tried I liked, it was not of the best quality though. Not freshly made but reheated to order or a quickly assembled salad. Not something I would crave for when I am hungry but decent enough for just a light snack while reading and drinking tea. Everything tasted just okay, was beautifully presented, but again, just not fresh. Still, love the atmosphere and still feel that it is a great place to hang out with friends for small chit chat. See my food pictures.
I generally don't like Asian food, but this time it was good, and Tea was excellent...
Really pricey for what you get (maybe because the night before I got 8 dumplings made fresh for $3 in Chinatown). Having said that, I haven't exactly seen a restaurant/tea house like this one. It's a combination of food, hot tea, and store all in one. I would not recommend coming here if you are extremely hungry; otherwise, you'll spend a lot of money on a limited menu of dumplings and salad. It's more of a lite-bite place...picture a tea party and a place for conversation. They have an extensive assortment of loose-leaf teas and they can help guide you to select one you may like. I assume they are of really good quality, since I've never seen teas quite as pricey for one cup/teapot. (Granted, overhead in Manhattan isn't cheap, so I assume in this location that cost is factored in.)My husband and I enjoyed our time here. The teas and dumplings were delicious. We had to request veggie dumplings special because there is no all-vegetarian option, but they accommodated our request without pause. I'm not sure if we'd make a special trip back to here, but glad we had a new experience.
(really a 3.5 average of my two visits) Collecting tea houses is somewhat of  hobby during cold weather. So I have been in this place a while back but decided to go back for tea, the tea list is grand and as you would find in any place that calls themselves a tea house, expansive and you can find something to your liking with ease and the ambiance is quieter than in bars so you can enjoy your company at normal decibels.  I remember the food being good the last time, not excellent but good, but this time our dumplings tasted like like they were frozen and made in haste. So this is really an average from both of my visits.. at 3.5 stars. Definitely great and responsive service.
Whether you come here to simply escape the rain/snow for a warm cup, stopping by for nosh before a show, meeting with friends or perusing the tea library, this place fits all needs. It's a quiet stop event on a noisy Saturday. The staff are wonderful and the tea menu is extensive so be prepared.
This place can be summed up in two words: RIP OFF.  Had lunch here with two co-workers and it was a sad, sad experience.  I got the dumpling sampler box which comes with 2 different kinds of dumplings, edamame, and salad.  The dumplings and edamame were pretty awful.  They tasted like they spent the majority of their time in a microwave.  The dumplings didn't taste like they were handmade.  They tasted pretty processed, which is not ok when I'm paying $12 for what is possibly the most unfortunate Asian meal I've ever had in my life.  The "salad" it came with was even worse, because it wasn't even a salad.  I guess they ran out of lettuce (are you effing serious?), so they gave me some snap peas and carrots that probably came out of a freezer bag in some goopy sauce.  It was truly gag-worthy.If you're looking to buy some tea, this place might be ok.  But if you're there to enjoy lunch, just know that there's not much to enjoy.
I tell you the truth.  The soupy pork is a funny thing.  They just buy the frozen soupy prok from supermarkets,  then steam it and sell with $7 per order only 5 pieces.  You know how much the cost it is,  just $3.3 per bag (25-30 pieces inside),  10 times profit there, that is not made by the house, only the cheap machine made,  the  taste never closes to be good,  one day you can compare with some really hand-made ones,  you will taste these over pricy soupy pork's skin is thick enough and too little the juice inside. And tea is the same thing,  they buy some loose big pack tea and seperate it,then put little portion in a iron tan and label their own name, the quality is the same as any place you can buy but you have to pay 8-10 time price. oh, their tea cups and tea pots are the same story.  you will easy find the same pattern things in China town but with much much low rates there. I feel really negative with them,  they just use your curiosity on the Asian culture. And I don't understand how come so many people give them 4-5 stars levels, it is simply to understand the common which other reviews are under 3 stars.
Hidden gem right next to my office. I usually get their steamed sea bass with egg custard -- excellent combination that is always cooked to perfection; just be prepared to wait patiently for it to come out.
We came here for lunch at 2pm. Very nice and calm restaurant. Delicious tofu &  vegetable dumplings. Also really liked the eggplant starter as well as the spinach and peanuts. All dishes arrived at the same time, which is ideal for sharing (but maybe they should rethink the labeling of starters vs entrées). I can fully recommend this place and it surely wasn't my last lunch there.
I feel like this spot gets oversold as a book spot, which it is.....but noooot realllly.  Come on, people go here for the tea ceremony and the good food.  You can depend on the quality of the food and the service in a big way, but it didn't knock my socks off.....I actually don't wear socks (don't judge me).
Love this place! It's never jammed packed and they have the best quality teas. Here are some healthy choices as well and good variety to choose from. My dad is the pickiest eater and we order seconds for several of the vegetable dishes. I have been several times and will return again! See u soon!
I have three words for anyone thinking of visiting the Radiance Tea House:  Summer Treasure Tea.  All I can say is you have to try it for yourself.  There can't possibly be anything more satisfying and uplifting on a steamy summer day than this iced tea (complete with mango and other assorted fruits!)Other items on the menu worth trying include:...Eel rice bowl...Steamed chicken sesame noodle bowl (chilled)...Miso soup is a MUST TRY...Pork soupy dumplingsThis is an ideal place to take an old friend or someone you want to catch up with in a quiet corner of the island.  :)
This is such a cute little place. They are pretty pricey. It's a good thing I don't go for their tea. I just go for their lunches.I always order the same: cold sesame noodles with chicken. It comes as a bento box now with dumplings, salad and edamame. That's $11. Lunch for 2 (2 boxes, side order of dumplings and iced tea) will come out to be $50-60. Since it's on the pricey side for lunch I can't afford to go more often. It's a good treat. Of course if you're asian like me you would think about the heart attack your grandmother will have if she found out you paid $1 a dumpling!
Superb food for a tea house. Perfect dumplings! Thought I would love the soupy pork but chicken mushroom dumplings stole the show. Beef noodles are earthy and five spiced. I wanted the healing tea but couldn't bring myself to get over the $20 price. I settled for pu ehr which was expertly brewed but still not worth $12.
A delicious, quiet and relaxing spot perfect for lunch on a cold day! The service may be considered slow to some but when you come here it shouldn't be rushed. The service is relaxed and with a pot of tea that's what you should do! The pork soup dumplings are a must and the dan dan noodles were also delicious. Portions a bit small for sharing but that's what we did. Most people dining here were meeting friends. Cant wait to go back.
Great spot for dumplings! We ordered 2 servings of the soup dumplings and 1 order of chicken and shrimp dumplings. Coupled with some  lemongrass tea with mint, we couldn't ask for a quieter and cozy setting. Would love to return soon.
I want to give this place a 5 star so bad.Everything about this place is great. As soon as you enter, you are transported away from the busy NYC life to this tranquil--almost serene--atmosphere. The servers are polite and quick to answer any questions about the teas in their menu; and boy do they have tea! So many different varieties and blends. You can get it either hot or iced. I got an iced variety, while my date got his hot.The reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is because the wait for our tea after placing our order was so long! We waited half an hour just to get out tea. I suppose we could have order some snacks while we waited. Maybe we would haven if we were told the tea would have taken so long.Despite that, the tea was delicious and I wouldn't hesitate to take a tea loving friend here--or go back by myself!
I went here last winter and I plan on returning. This location is nice and quiet very serene. The prices for the food are a bit high but the price for the tea is reasonable due to the fact that you got a pot. The bookstore portion of this place is not big so I would not go here for books. there is a very wide selection of flavorful tea and I enjoyed my tea a lot but this will be a treat for me once in a while.
The amount of food is not enough. It's too slow for each food. The quality of food is just normal. There are some books against Chinese communist party in the restaurant. I'm not against their political opinion, but I don't think restaurant is a place for any political champaign.
Came here with dad for dinner. I've been here before for their tea, but it was my first time trying their food.It was good. It is definitely fancier than regular Chinese food and I tried their Chicken with Ginseng. I really liked their steamed buns too. The tea we had that day was called Oriental Beauty - this tea is a homerun! Definitely recommend.
The teas here are like masterpieces that an artist has slaved over for many a fortnight. Who knew that there could be so many varieties of tea that could be presented so beautifully? Who, I ask you? It loses a star for being very expensive.
The staff was attentive at first then all went downhill once our lunch order was received.  Sitting in the back I observed what was happening.  The staff in the back seemed to be unorganized in meal preparation.  I even observed a lady eating then preparing food afterwards.  We waited 23 mins for our tea, another 17 mins minutes before someone came over to say sorry for the wait and offered us a small dish of edamame beans.  When asked if our food was on its way, the waiter said it was coming up but took another 8 minutes.  My dish sat on the counter the entire time that our other dish was being prepared.  By the time our meal arrived, we were water logged from our tea.  The salmon terriyaki bowl was alright and the dumplings were fresh.  Unfortunately, the poor service received and almost hour wait for food, I am rating my experience at Radiance as is.  It just can't be about the tea/food served, service is as equally important.Tips: go for the tea, skip the food and have time on your hands as service is slow.
Exactly what the doctor ordered.  Cozy little place with great personality. Great for a date or small group or an adventurous client. There's a subtle buzz of conversation but not so overpowering that you can't hear what your group is saying. Did a little sampling - menu is definitely designed for sharing. The pork belly sandwich was fantastic, rich fatty pork with crisp high notes of scallions. Dim sum assortment solved the "they all look good" dilemma. And finally wrapped it up with the dan-dan noodles. Nice and spicy. I'll have to go back and try more, table next to me had the salmon and it looked and smelled amazing! Looking for something different for a quiet dinner - this is definitely worth the stop. Try the ginger ale if you're not in the mood for tea (I've seen wine menu's shorter than the tea menu!!)
I love it! Such a pretty and peaceful place to grab a presumably healthier drank with friends. Extensive tea menu... we chose the sweet elixir, which definitely didn't need the rock sugar -- too sweet!! But it was a very nice experience. Unfortunately we had a tough time with the service, having to ask 5 times for a teacup is pretty annoying.
Love the vibe here. My aunt and I shared some tea. I had some delicious mochi and she enjoyed her very fresh salad!
*This review is for Tea Tasting only.*Radiance Tea House is located in a really unexpected location.  A location where it is all hustle and bustle and in the midst, a tea house.A few friends and I made reservations for their Classic 5 Tea Tasting for $15.  2 of us had Groupons, so we were lucky to get the cheaper rate.Their tea tasting event is usually held in groups of 12.  Reservations are required.  As part of the tea tasting, 5 different types of teas are covered:1) White Tea2) Green Tea3) Oolong Tea4) Black Tea5) Pu Ehr TeaThe teas that were presented in this particular tasting were all from China.Overall, the tasting was fun & educational.  The instructor was clearly into her teas.  She knew the teas well, how it affects the human body, but also with fun stories to tell.  I walked away with another level of appreciation for teas.  I NEVER knew it was this complicated... but I at least have a better understanding of myself and why I liked certain teas over others (yin/yang concept).More info on Tea Tasting:radiancetea.com/events.h…
This place is so nice and inviting! The tea list is amazing and they have a variety of healing teas. The food is fresh and the complexity of the flavors divine. Will be back next time in New York for sure.
Do not go to this place for the dumplings/food! If you want to go to the place for tea like you go to starbucks for coffee..then great! But the food is an afterthought here. I can't believe they even have the nerve to call what I ordered as "soup dumplings." There was certain no soup and the skin was so thick! (in case you didn't know..it's not supposed to be like that!)
Was not a busy day, waited so so long for soupy pork dumpling, and 2 other dishes, super tiny amount food~ service r just so so~
This is a very traditional looking Chinese stye Tea house in mid-manhattan. My friend took me here for my birthday and I have to say their tea is amazing and the petite food tasting dishes are so cute and quite tasty.  The kicker is, it's quite expensive. But if you can find special deals online for this place, then its definitely worth going to.The environment is relaxed and the decor is a very oriental feel. The staff are nice and doesn't bother you much as you enjoy your afternoon tea.
Only minutes from Times Square, this calming and serene restaurant/shop is a perfect remedy for the usual chaos of New York. The staff are soft spoken and courteous, the tea list is endless (and delicious) and the ambience was relaxing. Our party of five was easily accommodated (via reservation) and it was not cramped like so many other city restaurants. The food was, in a word, sublime. Perfect samplings of spice, as well as a great balance of multiple Chinese flavor sensations-curry, chili spice, soy- have made this an official must-stop for each NYC trip I take, forever after.
I had been wanting to try Radiance based on Yelp reviews.Being a huge tea fan, I wanted to check it out and I got the opportunity to do that today.When I entered, I noticed the nice décor, almost Zen like and a small section of books to one side. There were many tea sets on display for purchase which gave the place a nice touch and the overall atmosphere was relaxing.When I arrived, I had just an hour to have lunch b/c I had an appointment and was worried that I would miss it. My order was simple-and delivered timely. The tea I chose was from the white tea category--Jasmine--- and Summer Rolls to accompany it. It was the avocado, tofu and shrimp--6 pieces served with a side sauce. The tea selection is huge and the waiter was helpful with my tea decision.The summer rolls were not large (cut into 6 maki like pieces) but very fresh and tasty.Overall, the portion seemed a bit skimpy and the prices steep, but I enjoyed it very much to give it 4 stars. I would go back again.
Tea fans would love this place. They have good quality tea, peaceful place, fitting decor, and knowledgeable staff. It's not abnormally quiet which I appreciate. It's a large place with lots of seats available. Large selection of hot and iced tea to choose from. They also have tea leaves available for purchase and books (not sure what books they have).  I'm not knowledgeable about tea but I really enjoyed this place because it was very approachable. I had the Eastern Journey iced tea. They asked if I would like it sweetened or not. I appreciated that because I wouldn't have asked for it to be sweetened otherwise. Also, I didn't feel rushed out. Slow service but I don't mind. It's just minimal extra effort getting their attention. They also have food here which I'm hoping to try when I come back.
This is a nice find in the area.  this would be 3.5 stars if Yelp offered that option.  Had the shrimp wonton soup (in chicken broth) and it was dynamite.  A lot of flavor and not overly-salty as some wonton soups can be.  Also had the spicy chicken noodle bowl and that was solid - though a bit disappointing in one regard: it wasn't spicy at all.  Even so, I'd definitely get that dish again.  The iced teas are really pricey ($8 for an iced green tea) so I'd recommend avoiding that altogether.  not worth the price for that - not by a long shot.  The bbq pork buns were decent.  The pork tasted great but there was a bit too much...er...bun, or whatever you call it.  Also had the soupy-pork dimsum and that wasn't very good at all.  I'll be returning to try a few more items that looked delicious.
The food was really good. We did get an iced lychee tea, which is probably not the right thing to order here, but it was very tasty! The chicken wontons were the clear winner of our meal. Salmon was ok, the pork soupy dumplings were pretty good and the shrimp spring rolls were quite tasty. We'll be back!
Jess C. and I teamed up to yelp the un-yelped (on our part anyhoo). This is a neat-o place to plunk yourself down and chat w/ a buddy over tea. We checked this place out after dinner and were seated next to a funny painting of a bunch of chubby horses. Once you get their tea menu, you'll see an impressive variety of teas that makes it a lil hard to choose. The bright side of it is that even if you're not rly into drinking tea, there's bound to be something that you'll like. There are hot teas, iced teas, wellness teas, desserts, and full meals. Peruse through some of their teas' mystical uses for fun: "cleans out the liver," "brightens the eyes," "gives the body a boost of energy."  We settled on the $18 pot of Ginger Milk Tea. I'm not hugely fond of the raw type of ginger that comes w/ sashimi or ramen, but the waiter assured us that it didn't come near that level of gingery-ness. And because Jess loves ginger ;PIt turned out to be a HUGE teapot, containing enough tea for ~4 ppl, but we ended up drinking half of it anyway. The taste was sharp from the ginger, but softened with the combo of the milk/cream. I think there was something in the tea that was made me feel a lil hazy, which is what I imagine being subtly drugged up feels like. I liked it! I recommend!! Next time I'll get something new since there are so many other choices to test out. Dessert was afogatto: matcha and vanilla ice cream. It was yummy and simple, but it was kinda hard to eat since the ice cream kept bobbing and floating around in the matcha (green tea). The place is bright and cozy: a mix of Paris Baguette and an indie bookstore. I liked how it was relatively quiet inside despite most of the tables being full, esp. since I often eat at places that are rly rowdy. Good as a post-dinner spot to chill at.
Matcha is great!! Neither sweet nor too bitter! Perfect! And the cookies platter is also great. I love the environment there. Decorations made me feel comfortable. The only thing is that they are kind of short of waiters.. We waited for a long time to paid our bill.. Anyway, good place to go!
Bad food, expensive, bad service. What's not to like?  The hot and sour soup had what must have been a half-bottle of vinegar  in it. The dumplings tasted like they had been frozen and warmed. And the staff spends their time chatting instead of serving customers. Not a good experience.
If you don't have a reservation, don't hold your breath waiting for a table. They tell you a table will open up  in "5 minutes".  What they don't tell you is-- that will give you an opportunity to watch others (presumably with reservations) get seated at that table.For all I know, the  food may be fine --but, after realizing that I had been  BS'd by the chap who took our name for the "next available table", I got the drift and split.Went up the street to a wonderful place...perhaps The Radiance is a great source of new customers for the surrounding establishments.
As a tea place, I loved it. As a regular restaurant, it was...kind of...well...a fail. So, 4 stars as a tea place, 3 stars as a restaurant. Let me explain.It was a horridly hot day and I sat myself in a brightly lit corner to cool down and to study and read a bit. I did not realize that by sititng in the corner it would be nearly impossible to get the attention of the servers. I had to wait for them to walk over randomly or just get up and ask them to come over. The other customers on my side of the restaurant were similarly left to their own devices but if you want to be left alone, this might be the perfect place for you. Though when they did come over, the servers were very friendly.I actually like the decor. It makes me feel like I'm eating in the middle of a bookstore or a museum gift shop which is just scandalous enough to feel fun. Maybe that's just me. There are shelves displaying different books and also tea sets that sell for average to extremely high prices depending on the quality and workmanship. As for the food, I ordered a salmon salad with avocado, greens, candied walnuts, and mango, dressed with a peanut sauce. It was by no means terrible but nor was it worth $9. The peanut sauce was a bit too sweet and rather like smooth peanut butter. It kind of felt like something I could put together myself or at least get at a deli for about half the price. The tea was lovely. I had a pot of their white peony tea. It was light with a full body and no strong aftertaste. It came with a little sesame tea cracker.I foolishly decided to finish with dessert imagining that they might have just stumbled on savory. The sundae is huge. I definitely recommend sharing if you're going to order it. I chose a scoop each of red bean, green tea, and ginger ice cream. The ginger ice cream was the most interesting, sweet but with a sharp kick of flavor and tiny pieces of ginger. The green tea was smooth and pleasant and the red bean was just sweet. They cut up pieces of black sesame mochi and sprinkled them over the ice cream along with candied almond slices. I will probably go back if I'm in the area as it is a nice place to relax and read but I would probably just get a pot of tea and some mochi.
Not the best ways to enjoy Radiance: alone, on a work day, on a budget. I need to go back so that I can order more foods to split with a companion. I also need to not be in a rush to get back to work afterward. I would love to have sat and savored some more tea for a while, although I could have done without the loud-mouth, pretentious twat sitting at the next table over. It's hard to feel zen when you can't help but overhear that the reason someone's last relationship failed was because the guy didn't go to her art opening even though they were in a fight and not speaking. Eavesdropping is no fun if the conversation is insipid instead of scandalous. Anyway. There is a whole iced tea menu! I was tempted to get my standby of Earl Grey, but instead I branched out and got the Eastern Journey, which is their signature blend of rose & jasmine, black & green tea. I chose to get it unsweetened and it was lovely. For my lunch I got the dumpling box and I chose the veggie dumplings and the pork soupy dumplings. Both were delicious (especially the veggie ones), but as a previous reviewer said, the soupy ones were really not at all soupy. They came with a small salad with ginger dressing and edamame. This was all surprisingly filling. I then splurged and got a sesame ice cream to go. That was $5 and probably a bit excessive, but I am easily tempted by sesame ice cream. It came with a choice of nuts on top. I went with the candied walnuts. And I also got a 1 ounce package of the Earl Grey to try at home. As for the attire question that Yelp asks, there really ought to be an option called "it would not kill you to wear something besides jeans," although like most places these days, you could wear whatever you want and no one will kick you out or anything.
Amazing food and tea! My friend and I always split the lunch dumplings of soupy pork and green pepper+pork w/ Milk Ginger tea. You won't regret ordering that tea! Smells delicious and clears any indigestion.
This was a solid teahouse located in Mid Manhattan.  It's a weird fusion of book store and tea house that I hadn't seen before.  However, it makes sense considering how successful those Starbucks inside Barnes and Nobles perform.Even though it says Tea House, the menu is surprisingly full of real food.  There were at least 5 full entrees on the menu.  I chose the dumpling sampler and the salmon bento.  They were solid presentations and no real faults about the dishes.  They dumplings were moist and the filling flavorful.  The salmon bento was your run of the mill salmon teriyaki bento.The tea selection was quite diverse, and up to par with the artisan tea houses you find in the village.  There weren't too much of a crowd when I went on a Sunday afternoon, so this seems like a good spot to study and have a meeting where you absolutely need to hear the other person's words in a meeting.
Still as good as ever, Got a very nice tasting Pu-er, same great server as last time. Tried a mango iced tea from someone else and was good also.I am tempted to give this place a 1 due to me wanting to work here daily.
There is something so beautiful about this place thats relaxed and chill and located in a touristy area of midtwon. A group of us decided to come here after not having seen each other in months and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. We ordered two pitchers of the tea sangria. Fruitty and refreshing. Im not really much of a tea person but i loved every sip! I also ordered a rice ball and their soup dumplings. The staff here are so friendly and accomodating, you almost dont want to leave! I think this is a great place for a people who want to enjoy their dining experience without being rushed.
I stopped by this tea house for a light dinner and some tea after attending a conference in New York.  The first thing you notice is the very serene, soothing energy, not just from the place, but also the people.  The space is a combination tea house/restaurant and bookshop.Food was very light and delicious, the soupy dumplings were a delight and the green tea was excellent.Staff was very attentive and the other guests eating there were interesting to talk to, as well.
Great selection of tea accented with a zen setting, and books on culture from around Asia. There is also a substantial selection of books in Mandarin.
The space alone makes me very happy.  Tastefully decorated in traditional chinese furniture, the interior is spacious and comfortable.  They play buddhist music which has a great calming effect on the sweaty thirsty patrons stepping in.We probably ordered the wrong tea.  The flower iced tea (cannot remember the exact name) was way too sweet for us.  I couldn't taste the tea at all.  The color was a red that resembles the raspberry herbal drink that's been sitting in my office for about a year while no one touches it for good reason. The dim sum was very satisfying though.  Dumplings were good, shrimp salad was nice and light.  It also doesn't hurt to eye your neighbors to see what they get before deciding on your orders. Great place for long chats with friends.
Cute spot in Manhattan! My boyfriend and I needed a rest for our feet so stopped in here. Cutely decorated-beautiful tea sets along the walls. I got a rose lemon tea and my bf got the golden root. Delicious teas and the sets they serve them in are lovely. We also split some mochi. Not really my thing but my boyfriend liked it. If you're tired of walking and need a break from the crowds, take a stop in here!
Radiance tea house and books has a wonderful assortment of teas, mostly from Asia. It's spacious for NYC - a friend and I spent a few hours studying here (unfortunately no wifi). We split the assortment of dumplings. The beef was my favorite. The chicken was good, with a hint of ground pepper. The pork was my least favorite because of the overwhelming taste of celery. Will have to come back to try their pre fixe lunch.
The ambiance and tea here were amazing! I mean, I like books and tea so how can you go wrong? The food was also great. I want to go back soon.
Huge selection of teas (asian teas)..only got to try one so I'll be back to taste some others.Arrived a few minutes before my reservation but was seated promptly. Staff was extremely friendly. We ordered a pot of tea for 2, dumplings and each had a rice box. The waiter ended up forgetting the dumplings but we forgot about it until we left too (we weren't charged for it though).Food was okay, nothing amazing but I would come back for more tea and the environment itself.
Wait a second. Are you telling me that Radiance Tea House and Books is a Chinese restaurant ? And they have soup dumplings ? I was baffled when yelp suggested this place for soup dumplings 3 feet from my subway stop....of ten years.And it still took me a few minutes to find it.I will have to get back to you on the food....although I liked the dumplings.It is a lovely space...perfect for post Carnegie Hall.I have to congratulate these folks on successfully hiding their business from potential customers....and once again....the power of yelp !
Great spot for tea and light snack. Went on a Sunday late morning and the place was quite and relaxing. Had one of their white teas and yellow teas and paired it with soupy dumplings and pork belly bun. Omg so good it hit the spot. The steamed pork belly bun was amazingly delicious and balanced well with my tea. Service was nice and attentive but not intrusive.
I had beef and mushroom, my friend had seafood soup. Both are fantastic. We had jasmine tea and the desert accompany the tea is just perfect. We both bought very beautiful tea cups home. Very happy customers we were!
I'm just giving four stars because of how this place makes me feel. My first trip was on a rainy day and I was alone. The second on a freezing cold winter's day on a business lunch with foreign clients. Both times left satisfied and happy. And I like the waiters -- they are distant in this kind of attractive way; like my questions are vaguely amusing but not in a way that leads to dismissive answers, just quirky. But they shovel the goods out promptly and everything is served with a nice dose of feng shui. I've had better dumplings but these are good dumplings. No complaints on the food at all. The tea selection is nice and the tea service is good. For those who have criticized the tea selection, I must find those people and tag along to their tea adventures, as there is a lot to choose here and what I've tasted was good enough to lead to purchase and stuffing tea canisters into my carry-on. So -- I have been twice and would go back for three.
This is a great lunch spot - if you have some time to spare. It's not exactly fast service so be prepared for an hour long lunch.I ordered the shrimp avocado lunch box - it was good, but I was a little annoyed that they wouldn't substitute the chicken dumplings for ANYTHING else, seeing that it was a dietary issue. They ended up charging me the same amount for lunch and just omitting part of the meal.The food was good - the shrimp and rice and plenty of food, and the salad that came with was light and flavorful.I don't think I'll be back just because I'm usually in a rush at lunch and I'm kind of annoyed about the chicken dumplings thing. I'm glad I checked it out though, it's been on my list for a while.
This rating is for the tea.  I have not yet eaten anything from their extensive food menu. We stumbled on Radiance after a day of wandering Manhattan, looking in the store windows and being hassled by vendors in Central Park.  We were not hungry, but we were feeling a bit droopy.  We met a friend who suggested Radiance.  The selection of teas was stupifying.  We chose the Ginger Milk tea, a restoring pot of absolutely delicious sweet black tea and warm milk with a huge, throat-prickling dose of fresh ginger grated in.  We sat for an hour and a half visiting and drinking and feeling very good about the world.  We will be back!
I'd give it five star just based off of the fact that it's exactly what I was looking for. A tea house that was quiet so that I could have my phone interview. I bought tea and the sautéed cold spinach. No complaints over here
Just to let you know I did return to the Radiance House for tea with a friend and the experience was great again. There are extra points for consistency!
This place is great- if you are a tea lover this place is great to order a pot for two, relax  and eat in a zen place. The service was a little slow but they looked a little overwhelmed. I ordered the Dumpling Sampler Box and the pork buns. Everything was excellent and cooked fully. The lunch box is great and well priced as well. Definitely going back!
Good dumplings, we came here for lunch and tried 4 different kinds. Leaves you full but feeling good. I would recommend this to anyone in the area for a sit  down work lunch. Atmosphere is nice and service is good.
Stopped by mid-afternoon on a Sunday with my parents. It's pretty quiet and not too busy and was a nice place to sit and enjoy a calm meal. We ordered a tofu soup, two orders of dumplings (including one order of soup dumplings), and some tea. The food was decent, nothing necessarily making a special trip for since the pricing is about NYC average also; the skin of the soup dumplings broke a bit too easily, but the taste overall was decent. However, it's a nice place to come to enjoy a conversation away from the hubbub of the city.
I picked this place for a girls' lunch out mainly based on the interior decor. The restaurant was just as relaxing, elegant and calm as I had expected. I had the steamed dumpling box with soupy pork dumplings and chicken & woodear mushroom. The dumplings were decent but you can definitely get better dumplings for cheaper in Chinatown. I did really like their homemade miso sauce though. It blended well with the chicken & woodear mushroom dumplings. In the box, there were also edamame (love!) and salad. Overall I had to pay $14 for my meal, which is not bad but I could get the exact same meal in Chinatown for about $5.My friend got the teriyaki glazed salmon rice bowl, which she wholeheartedly enjoyed.With Radiance, I feel like you pay more for the experience than the food.
A rare find in Manhattan: Radiance has traditional Asian furniture and interior design/set-up, but the drinks/food are pretty modern. The books on the wall are a great extra touch.My friends and I ordered iced tea drinks and green tea scones (which were delicious). I ordered the red bean milk tea and wanted skim milk, but they came back and only had soy (half star off).Another half star off because I checked in on Foursquare and earned a coupon, but they didn't let me use it. What's the point of having it then?Pros are that the servers are not annoying or overbearing. We sat there for a long time and nobody hustled us. Furthermore, the bathrooms are very clean.Overall, a great place to hang out and sip tea with friends. It's on the second floor, too, so has the added plus of reduced noise pollution.
I came here for lunch recently.  The spicy chicken wonton appetizer is amazing.  The sauce is spicy yet full of flavor.  I recommend the soupy dumplings and the chicken-mushroom variety also.  I had an unsweetened ice tea, too.The interior is charming and quiet.  It's like a little oasis of calm and refinement hidden from the noise and garishness of Midtown.Seriously, if I wasn't counting calories I could eat thousands of wontons and dumplings here.  I would bring a pillow, and sleep under one of the tables.  I love this place.
This place just went from 5 stars to 1 star because of its rude manager. My friend and I each spent $60+ on food and tea just to be able to study there but she acted as if she were doing us a huge favor by giving us a table and letting us stay there for the afternoon. She had to emphasize it twice that she couldn't allow my friend and I to study at a 4-seat table when the place was mostly empty to half-empty the entire time. She basically ruined my experience there and it's a shame that I would never come back even though I do like their tea and dumplings and the rest of the staff were very friendly. Probably would only come back after she's gone. -------------------------------------------------------------------------My earlier review: I read some reviews and realized I had nothing else to add. Let's just say this is the best teahouse I have been to in the city. Great tea, lovely service and I was able to study for an entire afternoon without being bothered. Would definitely be a regular here!
Totally tasty and so glad I came here for dinner! After three weeks of travel it was great to have vegetables and leafy greens aplenty with miso soup and all the other Asian flavors I love. Add to that some tasty 'calm sea' tea and it was a great way to relax and spend my last night away from home. Plus I got a new cookbook and travel book!One funny thing to note: the avocado salad is nearly identical to the green salad on the dinner menu and is less than half the price. The only difference I could make out was the dressing and no tomato.
I've been here a number of times since it's unlike most spots in Midtown in that it's reasonably priced and very serene.  Unfortunately that serenity can carry over to the waiters who are just a little slow when it comes to serving you.  Not a big deal, but something to keep in mind if you're in a rush.The times that I've been I've ordered the avocado salad which is has a yummy dressing, avocados, asparagus, and tomatoes.  It's a great way to start the meal.  I then usually split some dumplings with my dining companion.  I've enjoyed all of the varieties I've gotten, though I was disappointed last time that they were out of chicken teriyaki.  They only have about 5 or 6 varieties, so that did cut down on our options.  But we went with the pork and vegetable and both were good.I've gotten the iced tea here which is very refreshing and not too sweet.  The size of it is also more than big enough to last you the entire meal, always a plus.  This is definitely a nice oasis tucked away in the middle of the city.
Radiance is my go to oasis in Midtown. It's decor is simple and the focus is on the tea. I have never had a bad cup there and have taken several friends for a quiet chat or low-key get together. Silver Needles is an excellent tea for those who want something naturally sweet (and don't want to add sugar). The cold purity is sweet and fruity for summer (you can also eat the hibiscus flowers, although I didn't care for them). Foodwise, I'd normally stick to the dessert (homemade cookies served warm with ice-cream on the side).
My goodness.... Thinking about this place; i drool... :P'''''I prefer quality over quantity and this place is quality.The place has nice decor and great service; i really enjoyed the time just sitting there. Also, the staff was very helpful in explaining things to us regarding the tea and the food. The food was by far one of the best asian food ive ever tasted. The tea was interesting and of quality; however, it was very expensive for a pot which turned me off kind of. I definitely would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys quality food and quality tea; of course, at an expense.Pros: Quality, Service, EnvironmentCons: Cost... (correlated to quantity) Notes: Sesame Ice Cream was nothing like what i expected.. it was awesome..Rating: 4.25
I've been here twice. And the food were so great both time. We tried Shacha Beef Hotpot, Beef Noodlesoup, Shrimp Dumpling, Steamed Pumpkin....They were anazing. And you can choose from different kinds of Chinese tea and also read books. Definitely come back again!
Staying at the Salisbury 2 blocks away, this seemed like a great spot to score some free wifi (since our hotel charges a ridiculous $4 for each 15 minutes used!). An elegant tea house located behind Carnegie Hall feng shui'd out to every ounce of detail, I was truly impressed with the ambiance. Sad to say, wifi is limited to specific hours only, mainly non-peak times. We failed by arriving right at the peak of dinner. However, after taking a quick glance at their intricate menus, we were drawn in by their vast selection of teas and decided to stay for a bit.The bowl of matcha was insanely thick and foamy. Though not the best matcha I've had (considering the best I've experienced was in Tokyo), we had nothing to complain about. However, my pot of peony white tea totally tipped the scale here. Every sip felt more rejuvenating than the last. I was sure I tasted a hint of sweet nectar, but our server clarified it was more of a melon flavor. I'm not one to argue. I just kept imbibing on this light, soothing cup of warmth. I was impressed by the service at Radiance! Not only were the servers extremely kind and welcoming, but their knowledge of each flavored tea and its specialty blew me away. I'm totally kicking myself right now for forgetting to buy a bag to bring home. The prices can be a bit extreme, but the experience is definitely a memorable one. They even offer a $15 prix fixe tasting menu on certain days, so be sure to book an appt and check it out! If I ever lived out in NYC, this would be a great relaxing spot to catch up and chill with some fellow gal pals.
Radiance is an oasis in the (wonderful) madness that is Manhattan, a quiet and calm respite from the city.My stop here was on a Saturday afternoon. I was given the choice of a few tables and chose one that had an outlet to charge my phone. The waiter was very friendly and helpful.I had a glass of iced Sencha green tea to drink and a box with Pork & Vegetable as well as Beef Dumplings. I savored every bite of the dumplings, I don't believe I've ever had any as good as these. The balance of texture and flavor made the thought of ordering more cross my mind.I'm not a tea connoisseur but I appreciate those that take their craft seriously. Clearly Radiance fits that bill.I will return.
Maybe the food is good, maybe it is not.  I cannot really say because I did not have the opportunity to partake.  My family waited for 15 to 20 minutes and the waitress behaved as if she did not see us.  The teahouse was not even crowded and there were people who needed service but the waitress would rather walk up and down and busy herself with papers than serve people.  Last time I checked we might all be different colors but everyone's money is green.  I don't know what's more disappointing - the service or the lack of good business sense.  If Radiance Teahouse only prefers serving "certain kinds of people" then they should not establish a business in one of the most diverse cities in the world.
Positively my favorite tea place in New York.The food is always delicious and the service impeccable.  I love the soupy pork dumplings as well as the creamy delicious miso rice that they cook to perfection.I've been here several times and always have plans to return. The tea is fantastic and always brewed perfectly. The wait staff is highly knowledgeable in tea and can instantly answer any question you may throw at them. Many have them have even studied with tea masters in China. Danny my favorite waiter is always a joy to be served by and makes each meal end with a smile.I come here for tea tastings, the tea ceremony, food and even simply just for a cup of tea. Definitely a favorite of mine. No one I bring here ever leaves disappointed. And they got a Grade A rating.
If you don't have anything nice to say, say that on Yelp. I had expectations, 4 stars in a very competitive market. The tea was lovely. The service was bad and the food was meh to decent. The dining area is lovely and the tea cups are beautiful. I just can't get past the service. Long space between being sat and greet (not particularly busy on this day), and long space between any action. The server was more interested in doing side work (again, not towards end of night but right during dinner) than visiting his tables.
Iora is absolutely right.Super-friendly, knowledgeable and intelligent staff for a very casual, friendly meal here. Good place to grab a pot of tea with a friend; while food is good, I would avoid ordering the steamed egg or miso soup if you know how to make it already. The homemade dumplings are good, and so is the salmon on rice.Definitely a good sweet dragoneye tea. And the agar - get the grapefruit. The apple just tastes like applesauce without the texture of applesauce.Very spacious because they have small tables, not close to each other. And a good selection of tea and books (if you would like to read).  They have limited hours on the wifi, check the website for more details.They also do tea tastings, apparently. I'll try to test one of these out. Dayin, in particular, was very helpful as our server. (Very very energetic.)Service can be a bit slow, but it's all very relaxed.
The food was delightful and interesting, and the tea was fine if a bit overpriced.They must have been having an off night, because for all 15-20 tables, they had one waiter and one busboy (and that was the lamest busboy I have ever seen. He was really more of a water glass filler). On a Saturday evening. Once our order was finally taken the meal proceeded at the rate that it should have, but at the end the busboy cleared about 1/8th of the things on the table, and then disappeared. We flagged the waiter down to ask about dessert (my mother had been looking forward to Mochi), and he told us they only had mango Ice Cream, and cookies. When we expressed disinterest, he disappeared. For 20 minutes.Overall the food was tasty, but if I do ever come back, it will only be for lunch.
Hands down the best soupy dumplings in New York. They are unbelievable. Each time I have been there, I have tried a different tea; They have all be fantastic.
Easily, my favorite oasis in Manhattan. Every time I walk in here I feel a release of energy and calm down.It's ambiance is great. I love their mixed iced teas that have different flavors and are very interesting on your tongue. I also drink their matcha so much. it's really good.The menu is not super extensive but what they do make, Radiance does it very well.There is randomly a book store inside which has these crazy tea books and is entertaining while you wait for your tea.i just really love this place.
Great place to have a tea time with the girlfriends!Recommendation*The miso shrimp roll ($8) was EXTREMELY good.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! but not to share, haha...    *They put your tea leaves on the side and refill your teapot frequently.  *Mango Pineapple tea ($5.5): doesn't taste like tea, but definitely fruity*Oriental Beauty ($7.5): it tasted like Chinese tea*You can sit there for hours and they won't kick you out. So, definitely a great place to take a group to catch up!
Yesterday evening's service was terrible. The waiters didn't know what they were doing, kitchen was slow. Customers all around were complaining and grew impatiently upset. Some got up and left! Food was okay: salmon summer rolls with mango, cold green tea noodles, braised beef, steamed chicken with dates. Tea: selection seemed to be average.They need to train the waiters and take lessons on customer service.
I've had to update my review of this place since my first review. It's certainly still a fantastic place to bring out-of-town visitors for a casual lunch. However, having since expanded the breadth of my restaurant patronage all around Manhattan, I have to bring it from a 5-star rating down to 4-stars due to the fact that it is not a great value.Many of the dishes and teas are great tasting and you'll feel clean and energized after a visit. However, given the portions of the food, dinner here is out of the question when you have so many other great options in Midtown in the same $25-$40 per person range.The environment is still a delightful escape from the chaos of Midtown, but at this point it's really only a palatable experience if you come during lunch. I'd recommend the Chicken Noodle and the Wonton appetizer to go along with anything else you want to order.
This is the type of place that you go to when you want and need to be treated with kindness.  Go here after a bad break-up, ladies.  The staff is so attentive and polite, you will walk away feeling absolutely regal.  You forget that you are in midtown.Had the mango tea and an order of steamed dumplings.  While the prices are not modest, the dumplings are beautiful pouches of perfectly flavored, steamed care.  The dipping sauce is also perfect, not salty or oily.  I remarked that I loved the fun, colorful "sippling straw" and they gave me 6 extra, to go, wrapped in paper like a gift.  The waiter asked how we enjoyed the scallion pancake and we mentioned it was a bit too strongly spiced for our taste.  He will tell the chef and they will offer a milder version for those with delicate palates that don't like strong heat.  They care.  It shows.  While you are there, browse the books, maps, delicate tea sets and enjoy the zen.  It is a spa like experience, complete with waterfall fountain.  You walk away feeling refreshed, satisfied and very appreciated.  I walked away feeling...lovely.  I'm happy to know they are only 1 train stop away from my office and I can go anytime I need a tea and dumpling experience that truly is ....the food equivalent of a hug from your grandmother.
It really is unlike anything else in the area that I've encountered. The waiters/servers really know their teas, and I was ecstatic just to find a place that used actual loose leaf tea (and not powders). It's a decently sized place, but not overly crowded and never empty. I first came here in the summer for a light and refreshing fruity iced tea. I really wish I could recall what it was, but alas.... The tangerine white tea that I had yesterday was delightful! It was light, but flavorful. The menu described it as "citrusy, soothing, slightly sweet" and I couldn't agree more.The soupy pork buns are a pretty reasonable price considering the location, and they're really to die for. Mmmm. *makes a Homer face* The flavor is spot on and it's not overly salty, which is a common mistake. If you've never had these delicious xiao long bao before, they will explain to you how to eat it - a nice touch for those who aren't familiar with the ritual.There's also free wi-fi here, so you'll see plenty of people here with their laptops on the off hours. (YAY!)Our service was meh today. We waited an abnormally long time to order and flagged him down a couple times unsuccessfully. Then at the end of the meal, I had to go up to the cashier's area to get his attention for the check. Might have been the guy's off day because I've had him before, and he was great then. (They'll definitely have more chances to redeem themselves with me anyways.)
Picked this place because it was on the way home and had solid yelp rating.3 in our party and each of us had a different soup - wonton, radish meatball, and miso.  All were very good, not too salty.  We all had dumpling dishes afterwards and the best of the bunch was the chicken teriyaki seven grain.  They were all pretty good though.I had a pot of chai tea for one and it was very good.  They spice their own tea there with their own recipe.  Probably one of the widest tea selections I have seen.Kind of a pricey place for lunch, however, the dining area is not crowded with tables, nice soft music in the background, and was probably worth the $78 including tip for the peace and quiet and good service.
wow i went to radiance twice last week and im a fan!  the tea selection is good - though their ice teas all sound super delicious.  i have yet to try the oolongs or the pu er teas, but the hibiscus florals & mango iced tea i had were both very good.the place is quiet, especially at night, and you can just sip and relax in the bookstore for awhile.  the staff was so nice because my friend had a rrived late, they allowed us to stay half an hour post closing. they were all very sweet, and not overly intrusive.ps, i would stay away from the decaf nepresso ... if you want coffee, go elsewhere!i have a feeling i will be back!
I absolutely loved this place. My boyfriend and I only came here for tea and some dumplings but it was perfect. Cute atmosphere, tons of tea selections. The vegetable dumplings were amazing. Perfect veggie texture, the outside was nice and soft.. the sauce was a perfect amount of sweet. When I visit NYC again I will be back, and will try much more on the menu!*service is a tiiiny bit slow but they did a great job. We weren't in any rush and they started to get a bit busy. Just be sure to set some time aside to go. It is not a quick bite kind of place, (especially if you are getting a pot of tea)
Really great spot. Just had lunch here--buzzy atmosphere, delicious shrimp and avocado lunch special.
Love this place... the atmosphere, the food, the service, the prices... everything is excellent. The only downside here is that the menu is somewhat limited. If you're a vegetarian, you might be limited to one or two items. That being said, the cheerful, calming atmosphere is great. The food - especially the bento box with your choice of dumplings, spicy chicken over noodles, edamame, and salad - is fabulous. The variety of tea available is truly impressive, although some of them can be pretty pricey, but really worth it in the end. Desserts as well are great - I loved the black sesame ice cream. The prices are generally reasonable, and the service fairly reliable. The clean, well-maintained bathrooms are an oasis in the city.They also have a shop that takes up half of the place, selling books, tea paraphernalia, and various gifts.
I was in search of WuLong tea from Taiwan High Mountain and this is the only tea house in the entire city that had it.  I'm sure other tea houses carry WuLong tea but the people who worked there had no clue.Extra bonus:  They gift wrap!
Great tea options, plenty to choose from.  The soup dumplings were very good.  I usually eat them in Flushing, Queens and think their the best.  I have to say though, Radiance Tea House's soup dumplings would give Flushing a run for their money.  Only complaint is the size of the dumplings were on the smaller side from which I like.
Recent visit on a Saturday night to end the work week after another non-stop exhaustive day of Canto class combine with work, which I was able to achieve inner peace.  After a full day of functioning on an empty stomach I need to detox and distress to Asian flair, as Western food cannot do justice for this Chigga.  A Chinese tea house oasis from the everyday hustle and bustle of New York, which I was able to achieve inner peace.  The staff welcomes me as well as my co-workers, as in keeping with Chinese tradition for Yum Cha or tea house, they do not rush patrons out.  They allow all the time for me to detox and inhale life's flavor as life is too short.  As I was distressing all of my troubles I was able to have a clearer mind to document my struggles and write poems.  The staff did not bother me while I gather my thoughts sitting alone or pry into my business as they are so familiar with me but to catch up on my well being and my professional status.  They now have Chinese books as it is here where I bought "Journey To The West 西 遊 記" by Wu Cheng'en (the complete three volumes).The atmosphere is refreshing and very clean.  Chinese noodles, serenity pot of tea with Mochi ice cream warms my broken heart, which in this case even the sweetest Cosmopolitan cocktail drink cannot do justice.
Went with 3 friends. We all ordered different beverages and split a few appetizers. The space is so interesting and cozy, it was a perfect stop on a cold, NYC day. We all enjoyed our tea drinks and the app was very tasty. Not the cheapest, but worthwhile nonetheless.
Brought two girls here to kick off a bachelorette night and give the bride her Asian roots-fix.  It was blissfully empty late Sat night (we came closer to closing around 9:45 pm) and unbelievably cute.We ordered a ton of food and one tea pot each - the Ginger Black Milk Tea (warm) was HUGE and so utterly delicious, as was their Wellness soup of the night (duck and healing herbs).I'm in love with this place and it's not just because the main server is my weakness: a cute tall Asian guy with a shaved head.  I would love to come back for a tea tasting - it's not a cheap place, but worth the occasional splurge.
Radiance is an oasis in Midtown, a place to escape the insanity of Times Square. The problem is the service and overall quality make it a pretty poor oasis. The worst thing a tea house can do is serve bad tea. We got the "aged" oolong which was a mix of aged and unaged and quite green oolong. The staff was pretty unable to address the issue. Shame could be a great place.
We enjoyed a delicious vegetarian platter, called five elements, superb spicy eggplant, very nice salmon and avocado salad, and a satisfying silky tofu bowl. The tea menu is incredible and iced tea with boba was a welcome treat. The atmosphere is calm and relaxing, a wonderful respite from the hustle and bustle of the City. Thank you for the excellent meal!
There's a reason "tea house" is in the name - people come here for the tea, probably not the food. Went to a late lunch at 3 on a Friday with my mom and sister. Very casual ambience, cozy almost. My mom ordered ginger lemon tea (zesty), miso soup, and spicy chicken noodle (beware: even the mild plate has some kick!). My sister ordered a plate of the dumplings - I believe carrot and pork? She liked it. And I got the mushroom and sticky rice shumai - tasty, but not filling enough for me (and that was $8). For dessert, we got the ice cream mochi, which comes with 3 different flavors - green tea, red bean, and black sesame. Red bean was my personal favorite, my sister like the black sesame mochi best. If I had to classify the entire meal, I'd call it mediocre at best. Granted, I did not have the tea, but my mom LOVED what she got. Food wasn't anything to write home about. And heads up: the food doesn't come out all at once. Food comes out (I suppose) as soon as it's ready, which leaves some people awkwardly sitting there with their food, patiently waiting for others to receive their orders. Staff is nice and helpful. Grand total for all that was ordered above (without tip) was a little over $52.
Had this place bookmarked for quite some time and finally found the perfect opportunity to come here not so long ago. Decided to come here for one of the activities to do for my girls bachelorette since she loves tea and doesn't drink.I loved the large variety of teas that I saw on the website so I booked a reservation online. Booking reservations was very easy. Not only does Radiance have a large variety of teas to select from, their food menu is large as well and not just little itty bitty finger foods you get at afternoon high tea. We were able to get really full and order multiple teas and paid less than we would of if we went to high tea. As soon as we walked in, I immediately felt relaxed. The ambiance is very serene, calm, beautiful and spacious. We came here during Sunday lunch and it was not packed at all. The decor is absolutely stunning - gorgeous teapot sets everywhere, books on tea, and much more other items you can buy. I wanted everything! Onto the food now. We ordered the Dan Dan Noodles, Green Tea Soba Noodles, Cha Shui (BBQ Pork) Buns, Pork Belly Buns, Steamed Baby Bok Choy, Steamed Chilean Sea Bass, Mango & Shrimp Summer Roll and shared it family style. I loved almost everything. The only thing I was not impressed with was the Cha Shui Pork Buns. The dough portion was extremely thick and dry so I just ended up eating just the pork inside. Everything else was delicious and I would totally order it again. For dessert we had Mochi Ice Cream (Red Bean, Green Tea, and Black Sesame) and the Matcha Affogato. The mochi is just like anywhere else you can get it but the Matcha Affogato was amazing and super refreshing!The service was excellent too but the restaurant was also not busy at the time. However, there are so many food items and teas that I still want to try so I definitely will be back! This is a great place to go if you want to relax and get away from all the NYC craziness.
The best dumplings I've ever had, absolutely delicious! Also try the BBQ Pork Bun, which has a sweet, soft bun, and a savory sweet meat filling. As for the dumplings however, I recommend the soupy pork! Fresh and steamy, these five dumplings are served in a circular bamboo basket the same as the pork buns, which are served in a trio. The dumplings are a good size in my opinion, and likely won't be eaten in a single bite. The service is nice and we didn't wait long. The decorations are adorable and detailed. Quiet music plays in the background, as the sound of steam and clanging dishes signals employees noticeably hard at work. My water was refilled about five times, each quite soon after I emptied my glass. The workers are kind and humble. The prices are reasonable in my opinion as the servings, while not abundant, are fairly generous. The quality, it is clear, is what the restaurant focuses on, not quantity. Definitely I would come here again, and may even come as soon as tomorrow.
Uh super overpriced for Chinese tea?! Around $8-10 for a "POT FOR 1" and a "POT FOR 2" is $18-20. Their "house special teas" are like $20 for a small.....
"Healthy" Chinese food in a quiet midtown oasis - two oxymorons, but it exists!Light dim sum options incl dumplings, salads, and rice bowls and an extensive tea list. It isn't Chinatown prices, but you don't leave feeling Chinatown bloated and chalk full of MSG either. Service can be a little slow but it's nice to have a relaxing meal and not be rushed whilst you sip your afternoon tea in the zen like music (think nail salon music - ha). Good desserts, including mochi ice creams. Score!
I came here for a pre-show lunch with my son--one of us wanted pork belly buns, the other wanted xiao long bao, and this was a place that had both and had good ratings.  I think the approach to service is to generally give diners space.  The servers didn't hover, so I had to be a little proactive to revise my order, get the check, etc.  It's hard to get this balance right, but since this is a combination tea house-bookstore I think they assume that you want to be left alone for the most part.  They were attentive with requests.The food was great--the pork soup dumplings were so good!  My son loved them, and he loved his pork belly buns.  We each ordered a mango pudding and loved it--not too sweet and had a fresh mango taste.  Overall, a great place on the north side of the Theater District to get away for some good food, tea, and peace.
Very calming atmosphere and an extensive menu. Delicious dumplings and buns served here are best accompanied with a pot of hot tea. I would live here if I could.
DisappoinTEAng. The overpriced, average tasting dumplings make this a place to skip. Service was slow and they somehow missed my opting for the lunch special option, despite explicitly pointing to it on the menu. So I paid more, to get less. All in all, there are simply better options available. Onwards!
This place is really cute! It's Taiwanese influenced and offers traditional Asian tea with a menu for food as well. I haven't tried their food, but their tea was decent. However, it was quite overpriced for just a pot of tea (and the food didn't seem very well price either). My GF and I were able to share the "Pot for One" size of tea, and you can ask for refills.. so taking that into consideration it's not too terribly priced. If you come with the expectation of getting your own pot of tea, expect to spend $15+ for it. Otherwise, sharing is caring!
Don't judge a book by its cover. The outside entrance is unappealing, but the inside is well decorated and has a low-key ambiance. My date and I ordered 4 or 5 items from the dim sum menu and we each got our own teas. The food was delicious and the tea menu was over 5 pages long, so there's definitely something here for everyone.
Radiance Tea House and Books came to me by way of Yelp! of course. We were looking for some authentic Asian cuisine in NYC that was close enough to walk without dying in our heels. The reviews and photos were super appealing so we made our trek down a couple streets and up the steps to Radiance. It is a beautiful Tea House with beautiful tea sets everywhere on display.  We opted to order quite a few menu items and share. We started with the edamame, it was well cooked and seasoned (I mean, what else can I say, it was soy beans). We also ordered the Den Den Noodles, Soupy Dumplings, Pork Belly Buns, and my friend got an Earl Grey Tea Latte.  Everything was amazing. The Den Den Noodles had this crunchy ground beef on top and some yummy sauce. The Pork Belly buns were very simple and very well prepared, this was probably my favorite item. The Soup Dumplings were a filled with a meatball and broth; heavenly! Don't ask me how they get the broth to stay in there because I have NO idea. If you're hunting for a quaint location with some delectable Asian cuisine, try out Radiance!
What a find! The staff were very friendly and attentive. The tea was perfect. The food looked delicious and I look forward to returning for dinner. Everything about this location was perfect. I think I've found my go to for a quiet meal/tea without anyone hovering and rushing me out the door.
done...  i used to love this place, so much that i would host bookclub and friends gathering here. overcoming the fact that it's full of shenyun propaganda... (for ppl who don't know, shenyun is backed up by a group equivalent to ISIS to China) but this is just ridiculous, they now refuse to let us sit at the long tea table! i reasoned it that we don't need to occupy a dining table, since we have more ppl and also we will be doing tea. and the rude waitress just told me "oh our boss said we can't let anyone sit there, theres two tables, your choice." but we just sat at that exact table for our first couple meeting. and we know for a fact that those table are open. whatever, food is just mediocre anyway, if not for the ambiance and location... and now that's over.
I love the ambiance here as well as the huge variety of teas and the delicious soup dumplings. The service is a bit slow, but I will go back anyway.
This is a darling place. It has several nooks, perfect for catching up with a friend. The atmosphere is relaxing and the calming, and the tea and food are comforting. I tried an oolong tea and it came in an adorable personal teapot with matching teacup. My friend and I split some appetizers and ended the night with mochi. Truly enjoyed stumbling upon this place and I plan to have another cozy evening here soon.
Average good.  Steamed eggs dish was interesting.  Being a teahouse they will charge for the tea.  A reliable place to revisit if you want light Chinese food with tea for lunch.
I had their soupy pork dumplings (xiao long bao) and pork and mushroom dumplings and both were average quality. They both had a small amount of filling and the wrapper skin was too much and tasted too doughy. The edamame was not so crisp. Portions were small and the lunchbox was $20. Overall just average and low value for money. There are better dumpling restaurants.
Everything was BOMB, especially the pork buns and the soupy pork dumplings. I love the variety of teas they have (we ordered the Lychee Lady iced tea, sweet mint iced tea and the silver tips jasmine tea), they're really good. The place itself is really pretty and not too crowded. I highly recommend this place.
It's cute, it has a great selection of teas but the food was OK and it was definitely overpriced. My one pot of tea and an entree plus tip ended being $45!But it has definitely plenty of healthy options just not too much flavor too them.
In the midst of holiday crowd madness, I slipped into this place to warm up with a nice cup of tea and some dumplings. I was not disappointed. The ambiance is simple, but cute, and the service was decent. A little pricey for what it is, but hey, this is NYC, what do you expect.
Beautiful experience! The tea is amazing, I had rose buds iced tea...absolutely delicious. Food is very tasty, I had dumplings and shrimp with avocado over rice, so delicate, and flavorful. I can't wait to go back.The staff is very friendly and polite.
This is a totally sweet place to go for tea. Their Moroccan mint is delicious and the Tie Guan Yin is good. The ambiance is Asian Tea house meets Asian Tea House in America.
Went for a light healthy lunch a few months back and liked it a lot. Got a pot of their specialty tea for two and it was great tea. Keep thinking of this place, have to go back. was clean, minimalist, and great service.  Tea was pricey but wonderful so it probably is priced right.
Definitely surprising to find this in midtown.  Very tranquil setting.Nice place to study, catch up with friends, dinner perchance (although several other options in the neighborhood for food), relax, etc.The rose tea was not as strong as I would have liked (had some rose tea gathered from a special region in china which was slightly more aromatic) but the aftertaste was still fantastic.  (subtle, light, sweet)  Tea was approx $13 for 2 people (they refill it with water).  1 person can be from $6-8 depending on the tea you order I think.Had the salmon dinner entree.  It was smaller than I expected, which is fine, but its size was magnified by the gigantic bowl it was served in (big bowl, portions look smaller).  Salmon was fresh, rice done nicely.  Came with edamame and salad on the side.  ~$18My friend says the rice balls were good, so I'll take his word for it.Dessert: i had the agar, which is like a softer, tastier/healthier version of jello.  It was made from organic apple cider.  Wasn't bad.Good environment.  Has "store" portion which you can browse through various teas, tea sets, etc.  Love the hardwood floors.
Very nice place with a good mood in the air.The food is delicious. Love to eat the dumplings there.Also a big choice of flavoreful tea.The waiters were always very attentive and never annoying.Place to be for those who're looking for great chinese food.
Great dumplings great tea and service with a smile. Love itAbsolutely the highlight of my trip to New York! Dumplings were light and flavorful, calm and simple surroundings, great tea selection and great service. Ate here twice during my 4 day stay!!
Although the tea selection trumps the lunch choices I was really happy with my meal. We started out with the soup dumplings which were pretty authentic. For my main course I had the salmon with bok choy. It was light but a good sized portion for $12 - it was a good deal. Not to mention the atmosphere of this place is totally zen. It makes you relaxed as soon as you walk in. The cold teas looked very refreshing. I was completely overwhelmed by the selection but the waiter was so helpful. I would like to try some other dishes too - my friend had the cold noodles and she loved them. They also have a ton of teas for purchase as well as a little book section with Asian books.
Grouchy Won Ton! Flying Dim Sum!Radiance Tea House is one one of weirdest experiences in New York. It's a place where you can get some excellent and very clean Chinese food, but, it's in a strange tea house/ bookstore environment that is not at all very peaceful and soothing. Firstly,the kitchen is open and many of the tables are close to the noise of the the clanging dishes... not very soothing. Second, the wait staff were lackadaisical. We had to ask them to turn on the peaceful chinese music, bring serving dishes to the table, and deliver the check after what seemed like ten passes by the server without even a look in our direction... not very friendlly. Our waiter seemed totally unfamiliar with the menu and disappointed us when after we decided on our dinner he came back a few times to tell us that few of our choices were available. It became a negotiation with the waiter going back to the kitchen to find out what they were serving. Exasperated and almost ready to walk out I finally had to ask the waiter;" Well what do you have ?"  It was a Seinfeld-like moment!  We settled on the wellness soup,  salmon avocado salad, spicy chicken won ton, tofu mushroom dim sum,and teryaki salmon. Sounds like a lot, but, the portion size was just enough. All of the food was excellent, but, it was like torture to get it. When the dishes finally came to the table the were out of sequence and just kind of thrown down.. not very peaceful.  Upon finishing the food there was no enthusiasm left for dessert or tea- the tea was shamelessly overpriced in my opinion. I just don't get this place. The dim sum Is just as good or better at  high end Shun Lee or any of the myriad of dumpling places on the Lower Eastside.So, if you looking for peace and quiet,go for a walk in park and avoid this imposition of peace and tranquility. You'll save some cash to boot! Only one star ,really nice food ,but not enough to save it!
Great for tea and little dim sum snacks. Wasn't crowded in a Sunday lunch which was nice, and a parking garage down the block made it easy to drive to. We stopped here for a brunch before heading to the airport. Jasmine tea was great and service was quick, BBQ pork buns were awesome.
I was in the city over the weekend for a friend's birthday.  We were staying at the Hotel Wellington right across the street.  Our second night in, my friend and I were craving some soup dumplings.  Naturally, we Yelped our options, and found that Radiance was only a couple feet from us.  The atmosphere is great.  It's not an incredibly busy place, rather quiet in such a lively place.  I loved the various teaware on the walls, and felt pretty at home.  I'm a tea enthusiast, so finding that tea is their specialty really tickled my fancy.  We ordered two different types of iced tea (I got the Mango Sunrise). We also ordered the dumpling sampler.The tea was great.  It wasn't too sweet and the natural flavors of the fruit came through delicately.  I've had better soup dumplings here in LA, but it wasn't bad. Since the restaurant was about close, we ate quickly and left, but not before I bought two more mango sunrises to take with me.Over the course of the weekend, I came here two more times, once by myself for some alone time and then again on my last day to get some tea for the ride back to JFK.  During my alone time, I had a pot of Silver Needle loose leaf tea, which is one of the best teas that I've had.  It's a light, fragrant, and delicate white tea that I wish I bought more of.  There is also a great selection of books on tea that I wish I purchased. Perhaps next time.  Radiance, thank you for making my trip to NYC a relaxing one.
Excellent service, really really excellent. Food is outstanding, fair price for the excellence. Great relaxing atmosphere. I am a regular customer each return to NYC. Never disappointed.
The tea selection is as wonderful as one would hope, and the white tea with tangerine my companion and I shared was delicious. I chose the dumpling sampler as I love dumplings an unholy amount. I chose the chicken and wood ear mushroom and the beef and celery. Overall, tasty, though I was slightly disappointed that something called a sampler wouldn't allow for more types of dumplings to be tried. The service could be defined as unobtrusive or neglectful depending on your whim; our biggest disappointment was that on a Friday during Lent, no substitution could be made for a meat dumpling in an otherwise fishy combo.
Place is cute but service is not that good and it's overpriced for what you get.  I wouldn't go back again. The service is actually terrible. If it wasn't for the selections of teas, I would give this place one star. Never going back for sure though!
Ambiance: Amazing little place! I felt like I was in a quaint little Chinese teahouse in China. Between the wooden tables, decor, bookshelves/reading area, and old-time Chinese music, Radiance Tea House and Books was a very relaxing break from the hustle and bustle of NYC outside. It's a nice place to take friends occasionally for chatting, yummy tea, and light eats. I even saw some people on business there. I was looking around at the different tables and each table had a different style teapot/tea cups which was pretty cool. The waitress speaks English well-enough but if you are fluent in Chinese that is better.Food: We ordered the fruit and flower wellness tea, the salmon summer roll, and the shrimp summer roll.  The waitress was also happy to give recommendations. Each type of tea has a description of the ingredients as well as the health effects, which is quite interesting. I was blown away by the tea we had (a must try for those who want a really fruity tea), and the salmon roll was quite good even though the portion is really small (one cut-up roll). I don't recommend the shrimp one since you can't really taste the shrimp. Price:  In total, these three items were about $36 which is quite pricey since I'm used to Chinatown (I split the bill with my friend). Definitely don't go hungry or just hit up Chinatown later!  Given the location, I'm not surprised but still taking 1 star off for this fact otherwise I would go more often.
What the hell?! I bought a Groupon for Radiance Tea House and Books. The deal was tea for 2. It cost $55. The normal, non-Groupon price was a whopping $110. I figured we were in for a treat. I was wrong. Several adjectives coming stampeding to my mind when I attempt to describe the food at Radiance but I suppose that "misguided" is probably the kindest and most appropriate. Strange wobbling gelatins that tasted vaguely of cleaning products and cloying gray hunks of mucous that tasted disturbingly like roasted pork buns accounted for most of the meal. Perhaps the worst part about the experience was the value. The tea sandwiches were literally the size of quarters and I swear were made with wonderbread (the brown colored "wheated" version) and canned tuna. The various other assorted tidbits, when combined, probably amounted to little more actual food than your average $1 Mcdonald's cheeseburger. The tea was fine. Although my Girlfriend's selection (the Ginger Peach Black Tea) tasted of fish and ashes.Perhaps the Groupon is to blame as I hear more and more that companies are shafting Groupon customers in terms of value. Dine here at your own risk.
Quirky and delicious. We had the box lunches, which were excellent, as was the tea. The dan dan noodles were especially satisfying. The place looks like a hole in the wall from the outside, but is warm and charming on the inside - just like me!
I can't fathom spending a lot of money on Chinese tea, but this would be the place for it. There's an amazing, extensive tea selection. I've tried different entrees here, all of which were Asian-fusion style. They're pricey, and only worth coming for dinner. If you want a quiet tea-time afternoon with the galpals, come here for tea and for books!
largest variety of teas you'll ever encounter in your LIFE so be prepared to make some tough decisions. or else take my advice and get the majestic mountain tea.
Please note that this is a tea house, not a restaurant.  Definitely not a Chinese restaurant.  Real Chinese restaurants do not have non chinese employees.  This is a place to go sit with friends and hang out, and pay for atmosphere.  Food is terrible, and portions tiny and expensive for the quality.   I would have walked out if I wasn't with someone.  And all the teas taste the same...  Over priced.Will not be returning until I have time and money to waste, and I turn 80 yrs old, and I live in the hood.
We're going back here next week! I'm so excited!This is an absolutely fabulous tea house, and is probably my best tea house experience to date. In DC, we are basically limited to three places for casual tea (Teaism, Ching Ching Cha, and Shanghai Tea House) so I'm slightly obsessed with having tea wherever I travel.  Beautifully decorated, with warm bamboo floors, soft lighting, and classical Asian decor, Radiance is a great place if you're looking for a quiet place to get away. They have free wi-fi, so bring your netbook. Or if you're old school, bring your book. It's a great place for solo diners and musers, as well as for people interested in practicing the lost art of conversation. And of course, they have a huge variety of teas and light Asian snacks. Perfect for late night, which is how we decided to give it a try during our previous trip to New York in May. We ordered steamed pork dumplings (8 pieces for $8), spicy salmon and tuna rice balls (2 servings for $8). After looking over their extensive tea selection, we decided to get the Ginger Milk Tea (fresh ginger, brown sugar, milk, and black tea). A pot of this "wellness tea" was $15, but was more than enough for 2 people. Everything tasted delicious. The staff was considerate enough to cut the rice balls into four portions so we each could try each of the flavors. After trying the rice balls here, I attempted to make my own at home but it's not quite the same. I have a similar trial going on with making my own ginger milk tea. It is fantastically good here. You can taste the ginger and feel it warming you from head to toe. So yummy!We had great interaction with the staff. Dan, the manager, is very knowledgeable about the different types of teas and their benefits. Another staff member who I think was named Ben brought us our food and made sure we were comfortable during our time here. We had chosen to sit near the back of the restaurant near a window and they even asked if we wanted the window open or if we wanted the a/c unit above us turned on. I told Dan about the tea places he can visit in DC and he told us a bit about the tea house. It's a joint venture by several owners and has been open for more or less 6 months. Business is steadily picking up and even though many tea houses are closing up shop due to the recession, they are so far doing okay. Dessert was very refreshing. I got a dessert which I can't recall the name of, but basically Dan sold me once he described it. They take a grapefruit and take the juice and pulp, and mix it with white tea, sugar, and agar agar, which is made from seaweed and is a good substitute for gelatin. Then they pour the mixture back into the grapefruit they hollowed out and let it firm up. It was fun to scoop out the agar agar like a grapefruit. It was a light dessert but wasn't too tart or acidic like fresh grapefruit.My boyfriend had house made green tea ice cream, which was also delicious. This tasted like sencha and wasn't sweet like some other green tea ice creams.We also bought loose leaf teas to take home. I got Golden Lily Oolong, Autumn Moon, and Oriental Beauty. Autumn Moon is the best one and is great hot or iced. I will need to restock next week. Radiance also has clothing, Chinese texts, tea-related books and media, tea pots, and lots of loose leaf tea (nearly 150 varieties). You can smell any tea you're interested in buying. They have tea tastings every Tuesday night.Radiance was definitely a "wow" experience and I encourage all tea lovers to stop by and check it out. Thank you, Yelp, for introducing me to this place.
Great spot to have some 'clean eating' in an area where there are lot of big plate deli's and diners.I've frequented this place a few times now, usually after a show at NYC city center.  Known for their teas (served and sold) but I like the entrees and mochi ice cream desserts (peanut butter mochi - way to make an american-japanese treat) the best.Unfortunately you can't just have 'a cup of tea' here, but it's sold as a pot so, hopefully your either dying for a pot of tea, or you're with someone else who is dying to drink a lot of tea. it's well worth it though and the wait staff will top up your tea leaves with hot water if need be.The unagi dinner and salmon entree are really tasty and i really liked the spicy chicken dumplings as well. Again, i only wish the portion sizes were bigger because I always feel just a little bit hungry when I walk out the door.Overall, this place is memorable, for the tasti-ness factor, unique-ness factor and peanut butter mochi yum factor. (oh yeah, that's a real factor).
Excellent dragonwell tea and delicious dumpling bento box. I love woodear mushrooms in my dumplings. Mango ice cream was a nice finishing touch. The tea is great, the food inexpensive and good, and the ambiance relaxing. I'll be back.
This is my go-to place for tea, and, IMO, the best tea house in Manhattan. Blow me if you think I'm wrong. The only reason why I give this place 4 stars is because I've come here so many times to know about the flaws and the idiosyncracies that may put off a newcomer.WHAT TO EXPECT:- When you come in, expect a tea house, not some gimmicky quasi-restaurant that just happens to specialize in tea. - They close early but if you're putting bread on the staff's table that night, they'll calmly let you stay for another hour easily.- This is the kind of place to bring a date before a movie, especially since the tea will give you the sustained flow of caffeine needed to break the ice...or, if you two hit it off you can skip the movie stay at Radiance and just talk about your lives until it closes. Who knows? S/he might be the one ;)- The atmosphere is way more calm than traditional culinary establishments in Manhattan.  Again, this is a tea house, not a trend setter.- The staff is very polite but you may have to get used to their timid nature. - Do not be afraid, at all, to ask what you are getting into. The staff are quite accommodating to newcomers.- With that said, my recommendation to newcomers: White Tea - Silver Needle. It's relatively neutral and it weans you off the honey, milk, and Lipton your mom used to give you- Their homemade miso soup is awesome. I've never had better at any other Asian restaurant- Their food will not fill you up. Unless you order a 3-courser, the food menu is a novelty item- I don't do the "trendy" flavor teas. That's uncharted territory for me- The teas are more expensive than you may think. With the service and quality, it's worth paying the modest markup- Their background playlist consist of one track that has been looping for the few years I frequent there. I jokingly refer to this as my "jam" and get excited when they "decide to blast that".All in all, despite any flaws, or things that I may have missed, I would not only recommend going to Radiance, but I insist on taking close friends to it. So far, I've heard no complaints and all cravings of going back. If you're looking for a real tea house in the city and haven't found one yet, this is your best bet.
Extensive variety of teas, excellent dumplings, attentive service.  Great spot for an afternoon tea break.
Dropped by this place randomly.  Was greeted at the door by this dude who looks like a complete FOB in a traditional outfit.  Kind of looked like a monk with his bald head and everything....and then he opened his mouth.  His English was PERFECT with no accent.  It was kind of strange...funny...At first we were kind of confused as to what this place was.  Could we come in and drink tea as if we were at starbucks?  Or do we have to eat dinner here too?  Well we just came to drink tea and it seemed fine and okay.TEA: --London fog ($5.50). Pretty darn good. It's a cold drink, very refreshing. Not watery at all--Green tea lychee iced tea ($4): sweet, tastes more like lychee water than tea but it was so refreshing! Good place to just sit and relax bc the service doesn't bother you that much or harass you to hurry. I would come during  winter or summer since you can do hot or cold tea but cannot afford to come  that often because it is pricier than Starbucks.
After a relaxing scenic route cycling in Central Park near Columbus Circle, I thought it'd be nice to continue the day of calmness and relaxation.This teahouse exudes tranquility and an overall zen-ness.  The decor is a fusion of East meets West. If I worked closer, I'd frequent this place often; it's a great escape from the hustle and bustle of the city.It was a hot day so my sister and I opted for some ice tea lattes.  I tried their purple yam latte and my sister tried the rainforest thai tea latte.  Refreshing and not too sweet; some may think it might not be strong enough but I feel the less sugar, the more natural tasting.  I did not taste any "powder" tea here, which was always an excellent  You can always opt for more sweetness if you desire.   The rainforest thai latta was really good.We also tried the mochi snacks which came with 5 assorted flavors: red bean, black sesame, green tea, peanut butter, and taro.  i recommend the black sesame, green tea, and taro; those tasted the best.Wifi is available so this is a good place to relax with your ipad, laptops, kindle, etc.  All in all, a good place to relax, sip some tea, and find your zen before you head out and remind yourself that you were in the city all along.
Bought a deal from The Dealist for a tea tasting + mochi. It was only $6, so I was a little skeptical about what we would get... someone was going to just hand us 3 cups of tea in paper cups and a tiny piece of mochi? But it far surpassed my expectations...There were about 7-8 people and we were sat down at a table and someone gave us the history and information about three types of teas (green matcha, oolong, and black). They brewed it in pots right in front of us, had us smell each tea dry and brewed, and served it in lovely cups. There were different flavors of mochi -- all delicious. Afterwards, they left the tea leaves and let us make more pots of whatever we wanted. It took the better part of an hour and was a very relaxing and enjoyable experience.I'd be very happy to go back again for tea. It's not much of a book shop -- they have a couple shelves/tables of books about Asian food and culture, but that's okay. =)
The tea is a 5 star-so if you are looking for tea-go here.  I have been here twice and had two delightful teas, one from china and one from japan.  The lovely little tea biscuit with onion seeds was such a good touch followed by excellent soup of bok choy and chicken cilantro dumplings.  Then i had the vegetable dumplings one time and the chicken and woodear  mushrooms another time.  Service was good, and i was allowed to linger over my lovely pot of YUA black tea...there are few places in NY to get a good pot of tea and this is a top one.
Great place if you love your teas and want to explore it more. This place reminds me of Dim Sum except you don't have the rolling carts and the loud noises. They offer a lot similar dishes but the concept is a fusion between japanese and chinese cuisines. Such as green tea cold noodles with peanut sauce which is very delicious and refreshing. Excellent place to bring a date or just looking for a place to relax and have a conversation.
I've been searching for a homey tea place for the longest time. I decided to give this place a try based on all these lovely reviews I read here. For many restaurants, usually I go in with high expectations and then leave disappointed, but my, oh my, this place certainly lives up to its reputation!Firstly, the ambiance is great! Very well decorated, with many available paraphernalia available for purchase. All the staff are well mannered, polite and amiable. I felt like I was dining at a friend's home because all my needs were so well taken care of!Secondly, the tea selection-- OMG! It's amazing. The two of us indulged in a pot of Sweet Elixir tea, which was a delicious blend of rose buds, honey, lemon and sugar. I really love how they write in their menu about what each mixture is supposed to do for the drinker. And the food! It was delicious!!! I got the Teriyaki rice bowl... and I ate every single bite of it. Usually, I hate onions, but I even finished that! (They caramelized it and the onion actually had a sweet taste... I can't describe it in words, it was sooo delicious!)I love it that at the end of the meal, I don't feel weighted down or heavy. It has to be one of the best meals I've ever had in New York City!!!!I definitely recommend it to all!!!
I'm really not a fan of this place..  It's perfect for people who are non-asians and want to experience "tea time". My friend and I had a Groupon special for a tea tasting. The tea was good and strong. I opted for the iced oolong tea. It is served in a glass pitcher/bottle and I have to say it was a bit much for 1 person but I still liked it. They also have a wide selection of exotic teas infused with vanilla, etc. Then the food...We were given a range of 1-bite eats. It was interesting to say the least. I was not a fan. Some things were decent, but most of it was yucky. It just didn't suit my taste. They also gave us a dessert tray. The mochi was alright, nothing special. I guess the small portions can be seen as "cute" if you were a female....I would give it 1 star, but service was pretty chill...I loved how they just let us be and chat for a while w/o rushing us out. Oh yeah, they were friendly too.
I needed to find a restaurant close to my hotel so I could grab a quick dinner. I decided to give it a try based on the Yelp reviews and wasn't disappointed. Plus, I was so happy when I found out they had soupy pork dumplings, since the only time I've ever had them was when I've visited China.  (I wish they would offer the large ones that you can drink the soup with a straw!)I also had the sticky rice and pork wrapped in Lotus leaf, which was fabulous. The Radiance vegetable roll was nice as well, but not a standout compared to other stuff I tried.Being a tea house, they have a wide selection of lovely hot and iced teas. And their menu indicates the supposed health benefits of those teas. If you're looking for a place that serves alcohol, this isn't it :-) I agree with other reviewers that service can be slow.
So great to find a unique tea oasis in Midtown.  This place has a peaceful yet lively setting, a vast tea selection, and some of the best dumplings - go with the chicken and woodear with miso.  Everything here is fresh and not overly sweet.  The only problem is that the service can be maddeningly slow, so don't come if you don't have over an hour to devote.  Also, I'm not sure about the minimum charges for guest on certain nights/times, so know before you go.
Would give this place five stars if it wasn't for the relatively steep prices. Came here with a groupon and enjoyed every bite/sip I took.  Without the groupon the amount of dishes we got would have cost a lot. With that said, I really enjoyed this place. There's a good amount of detail that goes into presentation, which I can appreciate. The dumplings are very good, the tea selection is great, and the place itself feels very cozy, relaxing, and can even be romantic.  There's a uniqueness about this place. I'm a tea lover, so having various high quality oolong and floral teas, served in good size pots, is a win in my book.  Couple that with good food and atmosphere and you got yourself a winner!
I hesitate to even review Radiance because I dont want it to get more popular (i.e. noisy) than it has already become in recent months.Very spacious, serene place with super-friendly waitstaff, a great selection of teas (both to have there and to take home) and yummy food (try the teriyaki chicken dumplings. srsly.)They also have a variety of tea tastings, which are really interesting and a great way to spend an hour or so on a weekend, especially if you have friends or relatives in from out of town who are impressed by all things exotic.Go here! But not while I'm there! And when you're there, keep your voice down!
Love the ambiance and relaxing environment of this place. It's a nice getaway from the busy city. Teas are delicious and staff is friendly and attentive.
Ok, this place is cute. Ok, this place is a quiet oasis in a frantic area of New York. I am giving a bad review for everything else: quality of food, service, price range. I went today because from the reviews it seemed pretty reliable and I couldn't be more wrong. I don't even agree with people who suggest to go to this place only to drink tea, because I had two kind of green tea that were totally ordinary and for $9 each. The price is crazy expensive also for the entrees. We tried pretty much everything, the only good dish was the dumplings sample but it's nothing amazing like descirbed in some reviews, I can find better dumplings in Chinatown or West Village for half of the price. And... Sorry... Is this supposed to be an Asian fusion restaurant? It's pretty much boring typical and average food, just expensive and not tasty. I had meat on vegetarian noodles (1. I've never heard noodles that are not vegetarian; 2. what's the use of underscoring that they are vegetarian if they come with meat?), the meat was just steamed and poor of taste on boiled not dressed very soft noodles. A friend of mine ordered an appetizer that never came, and when we let the waiter notice it, he said that they ran out of it and ask if they could bring something else instead. My friend said yes although he didn't want any beef/pork/chicken. It came to our table a weird green thing (soup?) that was meant to have spinach inside. It looked like a dirty, dense pond, we wouldn't be surprise to find frogs in it. It was completely tasteless. The dumplings arrived when the other people almost finished their meal, this is very disrespectful towards the customers since it basically forces to share your dish with the starving unlucky friend who is still waiting for his own. Also, we ordered two $9 hot teas and the waiter brought us only two cups instead of three as it was logical since we were three. I had to remind the waiter twice that we needed a third cup and of course when it finally came the third cup, the tea wasn't hot anymore. At the end, we all three felt ripped off for the price and my friends teased me for my choice of betting on this place just based on the yelp reviews. That's why I am giving one star, two would be the right rate but we need to bring the way overrated average to normality.
I used to go here quite often, but the quality of the matcha is very poor and I had a bad experience with a rude waiter today so will not be going back. First of all, the items (tea, food and dessert)  are generally overpriced, but if the quality were decent, one might be willing to pay the high prices. The last time I was here I ordered a matcha latte, but the taste was so lousy that I complained and the waiter actually agreed with me. He told me there was another matcha powder they could use that was better. He was right: it was a lot better (tasted like matcha rather than burnt stale stuff). I went in to Radiance today and again ordered a matcha latte and told the waiter, a different one, that I wanted the better-tasting powder. He said okay and left and then some rude guy came over a minute later and said, No, we only have one kind of matcha. When I told him I had tasted and seen the two different matchas before, he then insisted that this was impossible. When I persisted, he then said that they never served that better matcha in the matcha latte because it is too pricey to use. He also tried to get me to tell him who the other waiter was. I refused. Take-away: this rude guy let me know that they serve an inferior cheaper matcha in the matcha latte (it tastes like crap). No thanks. And no thanks to the rudeness too. I will not be going back there.
Excellent selection of asian teas (NOT BOBA). They have a small selection of accompanying snacks of which I had the pork belly buns which were delicious. A bit on the pricey/ more formal tea house side. The house itself is very nicely set up and implies a sort of old Asian tea house floor plan, with nice clean modern feel.
Don't let the outside deter you. This place is a hidden gem. The ingredients were super fresh. The flavors were delicate. The dumplings melted in my mouth. We had a tea lesson and enjoyed a white peony tea. This is my new favorite!
Excellent tea selection.  They have a variety of books, tea sets and accessories which are very useful yet pricey.  The dumplings are amazing.  I tried the egg custard with shrimp.  It took me a few bites to get used to it, but by the end I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Their cookie of the week was an Earl Grey Chocolate Chip cooking...AMAZING.  This is a comfortable space to bring your book and read.  You can also plug in your laptop and get work done, outlets are plenty and conceniently located on the floor in the library area.I'm looking forward to going back.
Mediocre describes best this place, the food was prepared with no love, and like no other Chinese place they will charge you extra for the stale rice that comes on the side. Service was ok but not great.
We just needed a chill place to kill an hour or so and decided to step into Radiance Tea House.  What a serene place!  It's not your typical coffee shop with tiny tables crammed close together against walls and such.  It's actually quite spacious with good sized tables and a quiet atmosphere good for chatting, homeworking, resting, whatever.  They have a wide selection of quality teas that are unique, authentic, and refreshing!  I was overjoyed that they carried my favorite African Red Rooibos Tea!  Since we were going to dinner soon, we just got a small set of mochis to munch on while sipping our teas.  The mochis are mediocre but I would return just for the teas and ambiance!  Might even consider studying here someday!
I came with the hopes I could study here but it definitely feels more like a place to eat and socialize. You can hang out for awhile here thigh after your food which is great. Ambiance - relaxed and open. Very Chinese themed. Food - fair.  Being vegetarian means being very limited in choices. There is the tofu and mixed vegetable dumplings, Chinese broccoli and kabocha, edamame, sichuan eggplant, and a few others. Tea/infusions - huge variety. Service - fair. They aren't impatient to push you out. They can be attentive at times and other times you have to call them out.
We went to radiance because we were looking for an Asian restaurant with a good selection a nice little atmosphere. That's exactly what we found. Other reviewers had said, Radiance is part teahouse, Part restaurant and looks a bit like a bookstore. Huge selection of teas, in fact the tea selection may be bigger than the regular menu. The service was attentive, but the timing of the food was a bit off. We were still finishing soup when the next course was served in with no room on the table, we had little choice but to finish quickly. Of the map the pick the perfect choice for a light dinner or a good lunch in a comfortable and eclectic setting.
This place feels like it's straight out of China. This place is legit. I went for lunch and the majority of guests were Chinese business men and women. The staff are really nice and efficient.The dumplings were incredible. The oolong tea was excellent. The spring rolls were really good too. But the best are the chicken wonton dumplings. The spicy sauce they pour over them is perfect. Overall this was an amazing experience and I would definitely go back to get that real Chinese food and tea experience.
Originally, I was going to give them 4 stars after my first visit.  Unfortunately, my second visit has lowered this stellar rating to one star.  I ordered the 'wellness soup' both my first and second time.  The second time only half of the bowl was filled.  The waitress was rude and snarky and worst of all, Eastern Radiance overcharged me by $30.  I realized this as I reviewed my bill online. Whether this was accidental or not will remain a mystery, but it is utterly unprofessional and unacceptable, especially for a place that prides itself on professionalism.
Such a great place to relax and actually have a conversation with someone (i.e. it's quiet). The tea menu is immense, and the dumplings burst with flavor.
Wonderful tea selection and flavors! Biggest iced tea menu I have seen. I had the rosebud tea last time and there were real rose buds in my tea pot, which was clear glass so I could see them while I drank the tea out of my little cup. (I think it's so much more enjoyable to drink tea out of small cups.)The ambience is really relaxing, peaceful, and quiet. Nice hideaway in midtown.Highly recommend the peanut butter mochi. Dumplings are good.The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the salmon spring roll tasted a bit fishy... so just don't order any baked salmon...
I love going here to drink Chinese tea. It's a relaxing tea room. Still not quite the same as ones I have been to in China where they have a selection of fruits and nuts with your tea. But it's a neat place to shelter yourself from the big city and enjoy tea. Quiet and relaxing.
I'll give it 4 stars since I'm sure I will be coming back at some point when I'm in midtown, looking for a place to chat with a friend.Lit well, clean, staff is very polite and friendly and the space is very pretty. We both had iced teas, pork soup dumplings, tropical salmon salad and the green tea noodles (minus the green tea since they ran out).The food is definitely overpriced. I understand it - it's midtown west and they have to making a living somehow. However, after paying almost 55 (tip and tax), I don't know how worthwhile it was. The food was not memorable and those dishes would not be repeated if I were to go back.One good thing was that we did not feel rushed at all. They pretty much leave you alone.
I order the assorted dumpling and a orange white tea, it was great, the taste was light yet authentic. The only problem was that it took longer than i expected to get my food.
Such a peaceful little haven. The hubby and I decided to enjoy some tea and have small bites before our massages and this teahouse was the perfect choice. The entire ambiance of the teahouse puts you in a really relaxing and peaceful mood. Highly recommend the Wellness Ginger Milk Tea, it was served in the cutest clear teapot and matching cups and was light, refreshing and the ginger in it was not overwhelming. Also recommend the assorted dumplings and shrimp wonton soup. Our experience was very relaxing and zen like, it was a perfect place to unwind.
LOVE this place! A friend of mine (who had bought the Groupon) recommended Radiance to me, so I took my tea-loving friend here for a nice, quiet birthday dinner.We had an amazing time. Not only was the food unique and delicious, but the service was incredible. Our server, Dan, was THE MAN. He suggested several different teas (and foods) based on our preferences, and he was SUPER enthusiastic about tea. The man knew everything about tea. HE LOVED TEA. The food was wonderful, but the service really enhanced our experience. Plus, it's an interesting space, and it hosts an even more interesting and eclectic crowd. After the meal, Dan also helped us pick out several different teas to take home with us. Had a great time. A+ :)
Great gem in the middle of a noisy area. Very serene and calm, massive tea menu and yummy dumplings (pork soup ones were my fave). Don't come here if you're in a rush but if you have time to linger , I recomend it
* The food and tea: 4 Stars* The service: 2 StarsThe iced masala chai latte was pretty good - although I would have preferred a stronger chai flavor. After trying a sip of the iced almond latte, that was very flavorful, and I would recommend it if you're in the mood for some almond-y flavor. The sticky rice with pork starter was pretty good, and it wasn't one of those appetizers that leaves you wishing you hadn't ordered a whole meal after you eat it. They were out of the edamame side to go with my unagi bowl, so I was provided with a small side salad instead -- which had a very delicious dressing. The unagi was quite tasty as well. The mochi platter was a nice complement to the meal, and the black sesame was especially nice.I hate to complain about the servers, because they were all very sweet and agreeable. The problem was that the service itself was pretty abysmal... taking unusually long amounts of time to come with menus, bring food/drinks, and although we had quite a few hours for the meal, we still ended up cutting it close to the time we had to leave. After asking for the check multiple times, our group ended up having to stand at the counter and wait for them to run our credit cards so that we could make a mad dash for a taxi. I don't think the problem can be blamed on a lack of adequate staffing, because there seemed to be ample staff helping -- they just don't have things set up efficiently. This place is probably best when you have all night to sit around and enjoy your pot of tea.
I stumbled upon this place a few years ago.  I was eager to go based on reading the reviews on yelp.  I was never a big TEA drinker (more coffee), but was curious as to what the menu had to offer.  I was amazed and excited!  After a few years, a long list of tea to choose from with great dumplings is my way of spending a Sunday afternoon!  Three of my favorites you may want to try:  masala chai, vanilla black and iced earl grey....and I'm proud to say...I'm a big TEA drinker now! ;)
I really enjoyed this place. We came here for an early lunch and tea one Sunday. There were no tables available but you can brows their books and teapots for sale and on display. The food was very good, and more authentic than I expected. The tea list is extensive.
A relaxing oasis - excellent service and food. Try the purity tea.
Perfect place for a late afternoon tea and conversation. A perfect respite after a hectic day. Highly recommend!
Took my soon to be departed office concubine (office wifey) for one of her last meals with me before she changes jobs. Since she's a soup dumpling lover, I figured we would try this place out as I've seen nothing but great reviews about it. As we were about to leave, her replacement joined us too which was great as I got a chance to introduce myself to her. So it turned into a three-some for lunch. (Get your mind out of the gutter people!) So we each had the lunch box and ordered the soupy dumplings and a different set of dumplings. I tried the chicken and woodear mushroom in the miso based sauce which was paired nicely in my opinion. The soupy dumplings were very small. These are like the finger food versions of Joe Shanghai's soup dumplings. While good, they were small.On recommendation from CiCi, we tried the Summer Treasure tea. Bought the pitcher for 3 people but we still had a quarter left even drinking 3 - 4 glasses each. It's really good tea but they give you plenty. If you're thirsty, then splurge for the large order. If not, stick with the smaller pitcher.For our dessert, the ladies had green tea mochi ice cream which they said was good and I had the Almond tofu which was light and slightly sweet. All in all, we felt full but not to the point where we had to be rolled out of there.
What an amazing find! The waitress was so knowledgeable, so kind and so helpful! I asked her for her favorite between two dishes, and she recommended the Tropical Salmon Salad and wow! So good! My friend and I shared a pot of tea (blossoms I think?) and that was fabulous as well. The wait staff was all constant with the water refills, and brought extra napkins, chopsticks, anything we needed! Also- our waitress brought us tastes of sauces to try before ordering to make sure we would like it. Absolutely coming back! Food recommendations: The ginger-carrot dressing my friend had was very tasty, and the salad (above). We liked the peanut and the green tea Mochi but weren't huge fans of the taro or red bean flavors, but that is more us than the quality of the food.Also, VERY clean and open atmosphere.
I tried to put no star but there is no this option. It is really bad, too religious and not authentic Chinese food at all. The tea is overpriced and not tasty.
The atmosphere had air of sophistication and peace.It has a very nice atmosphere and makes you wanna take your time and look around the area. Tea was surprisingly sub par, which was a let down for such a pretty dainty place. Collection of books were limited, but they too served as nice ornaments. The book covers dotted with varying splash of colors and amusing designs.Little thumb-sized finger foods are offered in the menu to imitate the traditions of yum-cha, where one dedicates their entire morning hour sipping and nibbling on small plates of food. And I feel these too were somewhat of a disappointment.Overall it isn't necessarily the best place to go when you're hungry and want something substantial, but perhaps ideal for a quick rest as you gain strength back in your legs before attempting to tackle the streets of New York City again.If I were to sum it up in two words, it would be 'Kardasian's booty'. Pretty to look at, but useless nonetheless.It is a tea house after all. Treat it as you have stepped into a public park where you get to have a quick break.
Liked it, but didn't love it- probably because I'm used to similar places in Chinatown that are cheaper and have a different environment (albeit less variety of teas).I came here for a dinner for two, and ordered the soupy pork dumplings, miso shrimp rolls, the Radiance signature cold noodles, and a peach iced tea. I feel like portions are small, yet each dish is pricier than what they would be at other places (I think it came out to around $30+?). I don't think either of us were even close to full as we left, but it was still a nice experience. Servers and staff are all very nice and friendly, which I appreciate.Overall, if you're willing to spend more on these types of foods, definitely come here and skip Chinatown tea spots as this place has a large variety of tea-based drinks and the atmosphere is much more calming.Also, adjacent to the dining area is a small section that sells books and tea-related goods. A nice place to pick up a gift for yourself or a friend. I ended up leaving with a blossoming tea leave set as a present for my dad--not sure if he'll care much for it, but it seems like it would be pretty neat.
This review is for tea tasting only. We did a tea tasting through Groupon. $15 seems a little steep for a tea tasting, but the Groupon price of $7 was just right. Our tea tasting theme was "Around the World" and we tasted the following:1) Silver Nettle White Tea2) Sencha Green Tea3) Oolong Tea4) Black Tea5) Roobios TeaOur tasting was led by Dan, who knew a lot about tea. It was fun to listen to him talk about where the teas were from, the flavors you were to expect, how the flavors change when you resteep a tea, etc. The tasting was longer than expected (over an hour) and we drank a lot of tea. I think all of the teas we tried were resteeped, so even with the small sample-sized cups, it still felt like a lot. The mochi that came towards the end of the tea was delicious (I particularly liked the mango).The teahouse looked like a nice place to hang out if you're looking for a very quiet, Zen experience. They have a very good selection of tea and also has food to order as well. Lots of tea-related items for purchase as well.
What a very nice tea place. Tea is like a delicacy in some places but most of us just find it to be convenient to go to the corner deli and order some random Lipton tea. Of course, we always add milk and sugar so it's even worse. Real tea is to be consumed as it is and that's what I did here!I was a little early so was asked nicely to wait in the library/book store. The library/book store is actually pretty cool. They have their own niche of traveling, cultural, & education books. I brushed up on my Chinese while waiting, but of course I forgot everything as I closed the book. We sat and were given a food menu, a tea menu, and a special tea menu. I was confused because they gave one of each and the special tea menu was nothing like the menu on the site! After the confusion, it seemed they really wanted you to order not only tea, but some dinner too but we decided to pass. Maybe next time. I ordered the Da Hong Pao (Big Red Robe). It's a bit pricey, sure, but for $12 it was definitely a nice splurge.  The tea was not only tasty but very strong too. I was energized for the remaining of the evening. I suggest you try this tea as it is rare and "one of the most sought after and expensive teas in the world". Maybe it was a bit more pricey because someone had to climb the Wu-Yi Mountains for me to enjoy. If not, you should try the other teas as well and let me know how it is!
Great service...  the Xiao Long Bao (Juicy Pork Dumplings) are pretty good for NYC. The lemon rose tea was delicious. The spicy noodles aren't spicy but was good too. Super cute tea house, I like it :)
Great little place with great food and large selection of tea. I had the soupy pork dumplings, miso soup, and mache tea. All was delicious and warming on a cold day!
This is my new favorite lunch spot. It is so cute and has great lunch specials ranging from $10-12. I got the shrimp avacado rice box which had this delicious creamy miso sauce on it. Since they are known for their dumplings, we also decided to split the dumpling side order (5 pieces for $5). We got the chicken teriyaki with 7-grain wrap, which was also really good. Of course being at a tea house, we had to get the yummy teas. At $4 each, I got the mango sunrise iced tea, while my friends got the lychee tea special of the day. Both were very tasty and refreshing. We didnt go in expecting to spend as much as we did, but for the great food and service, $20 was well worth it.
I've been going here for a few years now and I am ashamed that I kept quiet about it. When a place is this special and I feel like it isn't yet in all the tourist books, I want to savor the little secret for awhile before it explodes and then I can never get a quiet little table again. Which is selfish of me. Other Yelpers have hooked me up so many times (and they write the really bad reviews so I don't have to), that I'm stepping up and writing all my 5 Star secrets. This place is a quiet, super zen place in Midtown that serves healthy Asian dishes and a lovely tea selection, real tea, with a pot. There's also a little gift shop in this small place with unique, Asian inspired books, teas, etc. I've never had a single visit where I didn't have outstanding service. When I say "outstanding" I mean, like flawless. The waiters are like ninjas because I rarely notice them but I recall soft voices, smiles and never not having to ask for anything. They seem to know that everyone in there wants to escape the chaos of the city. When I think about it, they are so good I think they are conducting some secret experiments using mental telepathy. Note that the place is not cheap. A pot of tea can be enjoyed for $12 to experience the ambiance on a budget, but I never seem to get outa there without spending $30-40. For that I'll get a fancy bento box style lunch with soup and a pot of good quality tea and linger with a friend.
Five stars, without debate.  Beautiful interior with expensive Asian pottery, shiny packages of tea mixes that you can purchase, shelves of sushi manuals displaying salacious pictures of orange glowing salmon slices, immaculate polished wooden floors, laid-back zen atmosphere, and service that treats you like family.Over five pages of fine teas to choose from: white, green, black, oolong, and various mixes of those.  Most of them are very authentically Asian.  And the "tropical escape" mix was delicious: bits of pineapple, papaya, and aromatic herbs awakening your senses.  I usually find it's hard to balance the fruity flavors with the tea flavors but they manage that delicate dynamic as pros.  Get it by the cup or by the small pot to share.Serving sizes are generally small, but I guess that's typical of Japanese places (though their food isn't specifically Japanese).  But they are delicious.  They give you a massive mountain of salted edamame beans with their salmon/eel boxes.  Pretty cheap too for the quality.  Cannot stop chomping on those - so addicting that I might have to go into rehab!Another point to note: service is responsible and caring.  Once I visited on a Saturday night and they had to turn me away because their kitchen had an accident that forced the place to close for the night.  As an apology, they recorded my name & e-mail, promising me a 20% discount the next time that I visited.  Sure enough, I came back a week later with a date and they gave BOTH me AND her the 20% off.  Then of course, I tipped them pretty generously, probably bringing the price back to the normal level before discount, but whatever.  So yes, great place to bring dates, especially if they are the classy/sophisticated type.All positives and no negatives at all.  I promised Dan (who is an awesome waiter at Radiance Tea) that I would highly recommend this place.  And here we are!
This is an extraordinary place to grab of cup of tea and some light bites before a performance at Carnegie Hall. The tea selection is out of the world, the staff is attentive, the atmosphere serene, and the music selection is heavenly. This is a rare find for those who are seeking some peace from all the noise outside because the restaurant is a walk up a few stair from the street, which eliminates much of the hum-ding from the street.
After living in Seattle for years, maybe I'm spoiled, but this place is odd.The food is very good, but it is an odd mix of Japanese and Chinese and others.  The service is not slow, but also not at all attentive.The place is insanely loud, not at all 'tea house'like.Good-not-great.  Not worth a return.
Super cute bookstore + cafe place to hang out with! The lady who served us was really nice and friendly, and answered to allll our questions. The wide choice of teas can be a little overwhelming (as usual in tea places), but we had all our questions covered :)
Nothing Spectacular!!!  Dumplings were good, tea was the only above average item.  Service was below average...
I wish I had known about Radiance when I didn't live in New York and needed a sanctuary. In the middle of the hustle and bustle of Midtown, there's a tranquil zen tea house ready to soothe your nerves and restore your inner peace with a cup of tea.
Nice place, ambience could be better. The tea selection is great as is the location.  I had to wait about 30 minutes for a small table with a bench next to the book area.  The appetizers are good and if you get there for the lunch special it's a real bargain.  This is not the place for a full meal, but just a snack before eating a full dinner elsewhere.  The atmosphere is more like a retail store or semi-fast food restaurant.
This is a great place to hang with friends or work on your laptop. There's soothing Chinese music (mostly the erhu string instrument when we were there), low wooden communal tables, and an extensive tea menu. I had the Chai Masala and it was really good. They also sell books, tea, and tea sets. I wish they were open later. Sundays they're only open till 8pm. Other days only up to 9 or 10.
A great experience, even though we were caught off guard by the price tag of a pot of tea.. Nonetheless, I sipped tea with my crackers and slipped into a peace I so badly needed from a tiring day of walking.  The waiter recommended the Rose Lemon tea, that I have to relay. The rose flavor sweetened the taste and the fragrance warmed me up so. My companion did complain of a lack of lemony zest the tea is named for.
Super traditional, super calming, super good! The atmosphere is very nice, they play some instrumental music in the background. I think they're theme songs to Chinese dramas? I don't know, but it's so calming and so nice. Certainly a place where you can go for a quiet bite to eat, with a good novel as a companion. And the tea? Well. I'm no expert on tea, I just like to drink it. But this place had an amazing array of tea, there's a tiny menu booklet for it. Clearly, I've much to learn. But the review is more for the food than the tea. The food is, in my point of view, very good! But it is kind of overpriced, not going to lie. I've completely forgotten what I ordered on the dim sum part, but I do remember getting the Barbeque Pork Buns and goodness, I'm going to need the recipe to that. Utterly delicious! It tasted just like the ones that my grandpa used to make me, though it wasn't as fragrant. Still, very very very very very very GOOD. I do have one issue: ordering one dish is NOT enough to fill you up. Which is probably how your bill comes out so freakishly high. Tea and AT LEAST two dishes are required to fill yourself up, and that's only if you're not that hungry. Next time I'm in town, I'm so going back. I love this place, please let me find one in DC somewhere.
OK, admit it guys, the Theater District is a food wasteland. We didn't expect much from Radiance Tea House except for a place to get a snack and a clean restroom. Oh how I love being wrong sometimes!First of all, it's a beautiful place. Bright and clean and constructed from natural materials -- I felt better just walking in. The staff are kind and lovely, and were very patient with my hyper & extremely cranky kids (7 and 4 at the time).The tea menu is out of this world. I tasted beautiful, indescribable things in just their cold drinks section (we were there during a very hot summer).I didn't expect much of a food menu, but it's full of light and tasty treats that sneak up on you and turn into a meal before you know it. And they make some of the best Xiaolongbao (XLB) I've had. No really. Slurpy, light and chewy.Radiance Tea House and the guy that does the halal meat cart are probably the two best food finds in this hood (albeit totally opposite ends of the dining spectrum). If you find yourself in the area, don't pass up this unique spot. I will be back for sure.
Delicious miso soup and dumplings, although the mochi was my favorite. Their Southern Style Iced Tea was some of the best iced tea I've ever had, and the portions were just right and filled you up. The decor and background music made it easy to relax and have a nice conversation.  A bit expensive, and the service was lackluster (perhaps because it was friday night?), but I would definitely check it out again if I was in the city.
Great natural flavors. Mushroom soup was excellent. Highly recommend the salmon and beef, very tasty and superb texture.
This place was so mediocre and overpriced at best. We came here fairly hungry after a long day and ordered 8 dishes for 8 people, and were left still hungry. The soup dumplings are some of the smallest I have ever seen that they really should just be called mini dumplings and the service was fairly inattentive. Our waiter seemed annoyed at I suppose to him, our incessant requests for more water since they wouldn't refill our glasses unless we asked (which also happened frequently bc the glasses were so small). I mean, maybe we shouldn't have gone to a "tea house" if we were so hungry... But, they definitely could have been a little more attentive, and it was the closest decently rated Chinese restaurant I could find within walking distance. Also, the atmosphere is definitely more like a bookstore than anything else. It is flourescently lit and isn't as cozy as you might assume a tea house would be... So kind of disappointed...
Good tea, very mediocre food, terrible service.I met two friends there for early lunch on a Saturday.  The place was completely empty.  We each ordered a tea and a lunch box.  Service was really bad and slow - not unfriendly, but completely awkward and inexperienced.  Out of the 3 lunch boxes, only 2 came out and when we pointed it out, 3 different people came over to verify that we ordered 3 lunch boxes and only received 2, and then it took another 30 minutes or so to receive the 3rd box.  By then our food was cold, and the third person was famished.  Midtown location was convenient and it didn't have a line like a lot of places in Chinatown, but then there was probably a reason why.  Dumplings were ok, definitely not worth going back for.  Overall I don't see a value in going back here.
I work right around the corner so this place is really convenient for me. I got the soupy pork and chicken and mushroom dumplings in a bento box. The price was reasonable and the dumplings were good (not the best I ever had, but hit the spot.) I would go again, maybe try something else on the menu as well.
If you love teas (especially asian teas), you have to try out this tea house. They just really know their teas. They have an extensive many-page menu consisting of so many teas of different origins, mixtures, and aromas.The atmosphere is also amazing. Very quiet and nicely decorated with a modern touch yet with an oriental feel.The service was good as well. Our waiter checked up on us often and was prompt with our order and bill as well as good at answering any questions we had.My only negative is that for the price that the food costs, it's not quite as good as other more authentic Chinese places. I had a steamed dumpling box and found their soup dumplings to be much smaller and not as soupy as I'm used to.Even despite that, I'd definitely recommend this place if you love tea and looking for a nice quiet place to have lunch. Seating was not an issue as I was seated immediately when I arrived at noon on a Sunday.
Great food, great service. He was hustling. Had summer rolls and shrimp wonton soup, the best soup I've ever had, hands down.  The only reason 4 stars was that the tea was expensive. The least expensive was $9 for a pot for one, most were a lot more.  I've never really paid for tea at a Chinese restaurant before so I skipped it.  There was also a family with a ~6ish year old loud mouthed kid.  Not the restaurant's fault but it did spoil the peaceful atmosphere for me. I will return and just hope that any parent there will keep a lid on their kid.
Nice and quiet space. Tried the Salmon Teriyaki which was acceptable.Some strange Falun Gong books for sale. But didn't bother me.
First night in the city, this place was suggested to me by my girlfriend's cousin. She said the green tea ice cream with chilled peppermint tea was "life changing" and oh man was she right! I didn't see it in my mind but that was the business! We also had the terriyaki glazed salmon rice bowl and that was on point! The salmon was cooked perfectly and the terriyaki sauce wasn't overwhelmingly sweet. It was just as good as the chicken and woodear mushroom dumplings. I didn't think the salmon roll was that great, but it wasn't bad. I guess I was thinking I was going to have a traditional sushi roll but I'm not too fond of rice paper as oppossed to seaweed. Prices for everything were reasonable, though the salmon rice bowl was $16 the dumplings and the roll were $8 each. The pot of tea was $26 for the large pitcher but its completely worth it and it cuts the cost when you're with a group.
Food: 4 starsService: 4 starsAmbiance: 4.5 starsPrice: 3 starsI highly recommend the Summer Treasure Iced Tea. It is filled with fresh fruit and is delicious. The shrimp/avocado box and lobster rice ball are also recommended.  Radiance serves high quality ingredients in all of its drinks and dishes.Overall: 4 stars
* stars- Chicken and Woodear Dumplings- It was from a bag. It was from a bag. Right after we made our order, I saw them pull out a bag, the kind you buy at grocery stores, cut it open with scissors, and then dump it into the steamer. Then the bag was promptly put into the trash. I told my girlfriend, "That better not be coming to our table..." Lo-and-behold, they pulled it out, placed it in the traditional bamboo steamer, and it was placed right in front of me. Be thankful most of you sit in the front corner. We wanted to be away from the loud crowd in the front and chose a seat near the rear--they really should have a closed kitchen. My girlfriend wanted to ask, "I like your dumplings, where do you buy them from, so I can get them, too?" I don't know what homemade, handmade dumplings people are raving about. I've been to Chinese restaurants, watching them sit and make their dumplings by hand. Either way, if you can't find it at the super market, you can get 8 of them per order. Mmmm, great sauce.......*** Ocean Breeze Tea- When it comes to tea, I've been around, I buy tea regularly and recommend different teas to different people depending on their interests. We ordered a pot of two and received tea which tasted like another brand of luxury tea I bought her, which she liked. At least that means their taste is good. It was a nice minty, herbal flavored tea.Atmosphere- Tea and tea pots are on sale all over the place, which makes it a good place to start as a tea lover. AS the name says, there are a lot of books and even jade necklaces for sale, along with many of their teas. The entire place has a luxurious Asian appeal to it. If you have a perfect tea in mind, then you can definitely go here with friends to have a sit and talk.Service- They were a little better than the average, which is needed in Times Square. Not hovering over us, he did come often to ask how we were doing and if we enjoyed those dumplings. Mmmm! *Drinks tea*Amenities- Beautiful restrooms. I appreciate people putting effort into good restrooms. Definitely one of my favorite restrooms I visited in New York City. I give stars for this.Conclusion- We stopped by as a planned rest stop between museums and attractions. I would recommend sitting in the front, where you don't see the kitchen. I do wish they had cups of tea for sale, which would have let me try out more of the flavors. After seeing the dumplings, I didn't want to try another pot, I just wanted to leave--after visiting their exciting restrooms.
Things they need:- New main waiter. The one currently there is hands down super nice but won't stop talking. It's distracting.- Cushions on their chairs.- Plugs to connect computer cords in.Don't get me wrong though...I gave them 3.5 stars because it's seriously the best place to go study and get some hw done. Plus it's only 2 blocks away from my apartment.It's rare to find such a nice, relaxing, zen-like, type of place. And I love that they don't rush you even if you stay there for 3 hours with one order of tea.
Well, I think it is not a transitional Chinese or Taiwaness food restaurant. But it is very special. It combines book store, tea store and restaurant. It is spendy to have tea. But on Manhattan, it deserves the price. Dish is just OK. So you are coming for business or some interests :)
A real oasis from the hustle and bustle of the city. Radiance had a lovely, quiet atmosphere and very friendly, efficient service, and a super tea and food selection. Everything we had was light and delicious - the way good food should be, no matter what the cuisine. A delightful place - we'll definitely be back.
I love the dumplings and tea here. I've been here a few times, and the staff is friendly, knowledgable and helpful without being around too much. I definitely recommend this place for someone looking to get tea or coffee with a friend, or someone looking for delicious food in a quiet environment.
Loved this place. The tea selection was huge, it took me 20 minutes to decide. I settled for the Dragon Well, and the flavor was so full. The staff was very knowledgeable and gave a brief history of what I had selected. I went with the preheater menu. The edamame was solid, and the mixed dumplings were delicious. My dining companion was raving about the salmon teriyaki. For a light but tasty meal, this was a great find near my hotel. The ambiance was very relaxing for it's location. The busyness of the streets outside evaporated. After a long day of walking in the rain and frustrating transportation issues, this place was rejuvenating. I would go here again for good tea and the atmosphere if you're walking near midtown and you need a break. Those who don't know much about teas my turn their noses at the prices, but for this quality tea, the money was so worth it.
I've been waiting to try this place for a while since it has so many good reviews on here. I met my friend Sherri F. for lunch on this chilly Thursday. We liked the decor in the restaurant and how they had a little reading area with bookshelves and books for sale (I think).The servers were all very nice but the food took a while and I had to remind the waiter to refill out water.I was looking forward to having some tea but all of the tea by the cup was herbal decaffeinated and we needed a jolt. They had lots of other teas but they all came by the pot and cost at least $15. It wasn't exactly what I expected.We ordered lunch boxes - one with three types of rice balls (lobster, shrimp and spicy salmon in seaweed) and another with two types of dumplings (soupy pork and chicken teriyaki). We loved the dumplings especially but the rice balls were good too. It was a perfectly sized lunch for the two of us to share and came to only $21, but would have been a lot more if we got a teapot.It's a good place for lunch or to just share a pot of tea and catch up with a friend. We liked it.Normally I would give 4 stars for yummy dumplings and the cool bookstore ambiance, but the service wasn't that good and I was disappointed that we couldn't order personalized caffeinated teas for a reasonable price.
I do not know if I can ever express my joy at finding this delightful little gem of a tea house on my trek around town looking for a late-day lunch replacement. The best word I can find in my lexicon to describe this is "oasis". The atmosphere was peaceful and quiet.  The servers were polite and attentive, and food was simple and delicious and the tea was just shy of amazing. I whiled away more than an hour here, sampling slowly from both my food plate and my teapot. It was a delightfully welcome respite from the chaos of the city just a few feet away, down a few steps and outside the door.
Im in love with Radiance, and I never knew that I walked near or past it dozens and dozens of times.  They have a remarkable selection of teas, as much information about them as you could possibly want, a beautiful selection of tea pots and cups, and other gift ideas.  If you know someone who loves or even likes tea, you will find a gift for them in any price range here.But the best part of Radiance is the Tea Ceremony, conducted by an incredibly knowledgeable Chinese woman who has great love and passion for the beauty of the traditions associated with drinking tea.  We spent an hour learning about and tasting three kinds of tea, all of which were excellent.  The tea ceremony isnt for everyone.  You have to be willing to spend time, and sit quietly but if thats something that you can be comfortable with, it is incredibly relaxing and completely state changing.  You just become immersed in the experience.  And there are so many teas to choose from that you'll probably want to come back again.  For about $35 a person, you will have an experience that is as relaxing and transformative as any massage or spa treatment I've ever had (and i've had plenty).Finally, consider staying for dinner cause they have a really nice menu of dumplings, noodles, and rice bowls that really fits the 'environment and the mood of Radiance-- relaxing, light, comfortable.
This is a tea house.  Wonderfully adorned in contemporary fusion with ornate tea sets all around.  The menu is extremely limited but the stuff i ordered was very good...best miso soup thus far and chicken and mushroom wraps are stupendous...light and tasty.  It's Manhattan so expect Manhattan prices even for tea.
Excellent XLB in fun, bookstore-esque setting.  Good service, too.  Lots of tea varieties.  Falun Gong or not, I like this place :)
For a place with such great Yelp ratings, I was pretty underwhelmed. Having grown up in Asia, I know good tea and this didn't quite cut it. I had a pot of the jasmine pearl tea, which wasn't particularly fragrant or flavorful and was a little bitter for my tastes. It was pretty average. But if you're just looking for a quiet place to sit, the tea house is spacious and calm. The decor isn't my cup of tea, so to speak, but the service is very attentive and polite.
OMG!! this is NOT a place for Taiwanese food!!! My sister and I went into this place, just want some food that can help homesick...We were really frustrated after we ate here.The bubble tea (we ordered tyro bubble tea.) is watery, no tea ingredient at all and the tapioca was not fresh and not chewy. The dinner set A, totally not worth it. The appetizer and the dessert were kinda okay. The salmon entree had too much soy sauce, really salty. There was also bones in the salmon. Assorted dumpling, not good, kinda disappointing. The servers were wondering and really really really slow...I have no idea why they kept walking around and just do nothing... Overall. This place is not recommended and definitely overrated.
If you're in a rush, don't come to Radiance. If you're starving, don't come to Radiance. If you're loud, annoying, or drunk, don't come to Radiance. If you're looking for an intimate, romantic location, don't come to Radiance. Otherwise, Radiance should more or less end up being a wonderful experience. After a lovely show at City Center, the bf and I crossed the street and were surprised to find a teahouse that was still open past 10pm. Not really in the mood for alcohol, we decided to stop in for some tea. The place is one-half book store, one-half tables. It really does feel like a bookshop cafe, except instead of cramming in as many tables as possible, they make it a priority to not crowd anyone. The place is maybe just a little too brightly-lit -- they aren't really shooting for any ambiance, but just a very casual, welcome, friendly setting. Not exactly romantic, but still a good place for couples and groups alike.Waitstaff is so friendly. When we came, there were only two waiters. It should have been enough for such a small space but they seemed overworked. Everyone's food came out slow, which can be frustrating, so don't come if you are in a rush. We ordered two pots of tea and their selection of Chinese teas is excellent. We were offered a rebrew but declined. Presentation is very cute. Our waiter was extremely friendly and knowledgeable, if arguably a little too energetic. It almost made me tired talking to him, but ultimately he helped make the experience memorable. You don't often meet someone as friendly or genuine as him, and he greets you with a smile and warmth that begins as soon as you step in. It helps that he's also super passionate about tea and everything on the menu.The food was delicious. Mochi is very small, but so fresh and soft! The mochi ice cream is nothing special but I absolutely loved the dumplings, particularly the woodear mushrooms which are served with a delicious house made sauce. The cost quickly adds up when you taste a variety of teas and small plates here, but we were not disappointed. Quality ingredients and very delicate flavors made me a fan. If you're not in the mood for a pot of hot tea, don't be afraid to venture to their iced teas. Their sweetened moroccan mint is one of my summer staples and totally worth it (it helps that it comes with a bendy straw too).Will definitely return, even if it can be pricey. It's perfect for a slow afternoon or maybe a late night excursion. A very casual place with far from casual food and drinks.
Fantastic tea selection.  Great service.  Welcoming and chill environment.  Good food.
Came here for a tea tasting and really enjoyed it, especially the sesame Mochi at the end of it. Met a few other tea lovers and it was an overall great experience. This is a nice quiet place to hangout with friends, escape from the cold and hustle and bustle of the city. Conveniently located by the train. Appears they offer food and will have to try that next time.
Enjoyed my lunch, loved the steamed pork buns and Cantonese style dumplings.  The Shumai was a bit chewy.. In a good way.  Awesome atmosphere and great staff. The tea was also very nice.
Total secret awesome dumpling restaurant that serves amazing tea.   Great for lunch but even better for that no fuss Pre-theater dinner place that few locals know about
It's been almost a year since I tried this restaurant and I still think about it! A friend of mine and I met for an early dinner after work on a Thursday. No wait at all to get in. We ordered a pitcher of one of their summer teas and it was very refreshing on a hot NYC summer day. This would probably make for a great lunch spot if you're in the area. It was very well lit and bright and the atmosphere overall was wonderful. After choosing this restaurant (from reading other yelp reviews), my friends always put me in charge of choosing our restaurants!
What an amazing place. My honey and I were joking they must know some serious kung fu because all the staff were literally radiating. And the food was top notch. As a very picky Chinese eater, I found the soupy dumplings, the cold chicken noodles superb. Oh and the ice cold lychee tea. Perfectly sweetened, tasted like the fruit. Everything they touch is with such care and ...well radiance.I highly recommend it.
Solid 4.5 stars (would have been 5 stars but for the handing out of the flyers and tea tasting pitch). Came here for lunch. Had the unagi over rice. Portions are not huge, but both the rice and unagi were amazing! I didn't like the mustard dressing they put on the salad, but I did finish the edamame at the end of the meal, just to munch on something.We got one pot of the Seven-Son Pu'er Cake, which my friend said had a longer lasting flavor when re-steeped, and they were happy to bring out two cups for us, even though we only paid for the tea for one. The teapot it came out in was very cute, and small, but the server warned us that the lid tends to slip off when pouring, and they only use it when they run out of the other teapots. Not the best introduction, but we managed just fine with it. Another cute step is that they put the steeped tea in a small strainer and cup on the side of the pot, so that the tea doesn't get too strong, and so that the leaves are readily when you ask them for a second pot (they take it back behind the counter to steep again). Nice little touch.Much more crowded this time, but the noise level was not overwhelming, and all the servers seem happy to help each other's tables out, so even though our server wasn't around much, we still got everything relatively on time (had to ask for a second steeping of our pot of tea), but they were very very good about refilling my water glass.A little weird to receive pamphlets about Shen Yun (an Asian dancing show) while we were waiting for our order (I'm told the restaurant is a sponsor, so they pass the brochures out) and we were also given the pitch about the $15 tea tastings right as we were leaving. The tea tasting pitch wasn't so much their fault as we made interested sounding noises (to be polite) and so the pitch went on for longer than necessary. Aside from these two issues (which weren't THAT intrusive), this was a very nice and relaxed lunch, and a great place for friends who want to catch up.
I was so fortunate to be staying around the corner from this place on my most recent trip to NYC. I just wanted a quick place to grab a takeout lunch that wasn't a sandwich, and other Yelpers led me in this direction!I placed my order over the phone and it was ready and waiting 15 minutes later when I went to pick it up, but I sort of wish I had opted to eat in the restaurant. Every time I am in NY for work I constantly find myself searching for little sanctuaries in the city where I can relax between meetings. Radiance immediately takes you out of the hustle and bustle of New York into a bright, clean, quiet space. Upon the recommendation of the person who answered the phone, I ordered 10 dumplings for $9.95 and received two different varieties and a salad. One of the dumplings was chicken with mushroom and the other was pork. Both were hot and melt-in-your-mouth delicious. It came with a small side salad, and I also had a cup of their homemade miso soup. All in all a very satisfying lunch. They have a nice selection of teas, chocolates, tea cups and pots, and Chinese clothing as well. I think this would be a fantastic place to get a gift for the tea drinker in your life as they have a lot of unique merchandise to offer. I can't say enough good things about this place though I plan to share it's fabulousness only selectively with people I know who would also respect and savor the peaceful atmosphere.
I only tried tea to go. I ordered Jasmin Green and Earl Grey. Jasmin Green was amazing. I highly recommend it. The reason for 4 stars instead 5 is the wait. We had to wait 15 min for 2 cusp of tea. I understand it was during lunch and they were busy, but we were only people waiting for tea to go. They were making tea in orders regardless if you are standing at the counter and waiting or sitting down at the table. It was very hot and uncomfortable to wait. I loved the tea, but don't go during lunch!
This is a very tranquil oasis in Midtown to enjoy some tea and Asian fare.  The tea assortment isn't massive, but it's well-rounded, and primarily from China & Taiwan, but of course they have from Japan, India & other producing regions.  Typically the tea is made well, but I've had inconsistent preparation on some of the teas.  The food here is simple, fresh & very enjoyable, as are the deserts. This is a great place to hang for a few hours, by yourself or with a small group.
This may come as a surprise to those of you who know me as a cocktail junkie, but I spent last Friday night at a tea shop. Really.(Before you start wondering what the matter is, let me assure you that all is well because I spent Saturday night at White Star, but more on that later)---They've got the service angle right : 5 on 5. In order to understand what job satisfaction is, you've got to meet the manager here - His name is Dan. Dan is one happy camper. Not in the squeaky annoying way, but in the easygoing, warm way that makes you want to rethink your career choice.We ordered 3 pots between the 6 of us, which was way too much tea. But you know what, we drank all of it. Hic!-The ginger milk tea was my favourite - black tea subtly simmered with milk and lots of fresh ginger. Mmmm - perfect for a rainy day.-Fruit and Flower teaMy friend was trying to mess around with Dan, saying " I want something that's not too hot, not too cold, not too strong, blah blah, blah."Dan goes, " I have the perfect thing for you."Seems like Dan was right, because my friend fell in love with the tea. We made fun of him for drinking a bright pink liquid out of a small cup with his pinky sticking out (okay that part didn't happen), but he just slurped his way through.-Another friend had a cold and she wanted something to make her feel better . She was handed a chamomile peppermint infusion with a little rock sugar to soothe her throat. She loved it.-One of us also got the sweet and smoky, an iced drink which has this very unusual smoked flavour, with chocolate and tea notes wafting through the smoky maze.The mini mochi bites were average - while I enjoyed some of the flavours, they really do pale in comparison to the tea and great service at Radiance.I will return, again and again. It is a large, clean space, perfect to catch up on some reading or for quiet conversations with friends on a rainy day.
If you are a fan of asian-fusion this is a great place. The atmosphere here is very calming. Service was very good and punctional.What was ordered:Iced Eastern Journey Tea- AwesomeIced Mango Black Tea - ExcellentMiso Soup - AwesomeMiso Rolls - ExcellentSoupy Pork and Crab dumplings - GoodMini Mochi Dessert - Very GoodOverall, excellent service and fresh, tasty good. The teas here are good, I guess that is why it is a tea house. =)Portions are on the smaller size and you would have to expect that for fusion food, which is fine with me as I don't like to eat in huge quantities. It is more quality vs. quantity here.
I found this place on yelp and needed a place to meet up for lunch with a friend I hadn't seen in years. It was perfect. It's got a quiet and friendly atmosphere. If you're a tea drinker, you will love the selection. We tried the Pineapple-Mango tea and the Ginger Milk tea. Both very tasty. They also have a large selection of tea available to purchase (and some amazing gift sets as well). We bought some Caramel Oasis Black tea, and some Assam tea to bring home.I ordered the Chicken & Woodear Mushroom Dumplings (the sauces they served with it were a real treat) and the shrimp avocado lunch box with japanese pickles, miso sauce and white rice - I loved the dumplings, the shrimp/avacado was pretty good too. My husband had the chicken noodle soup which also looked pretty good (and he seemed to enjoy it).We took our time talking and drinking our tea - and never once felt rushed by the staff, who was happy to answer any questions we had about the teas or menu. The desserts looked amazing, they're on my list for next visit. Will definitely go on my list for revisits.
I came here for lunch on the recommendations of many others. Even at 1:30 pm, the place was packed, and the calming atmosphere I was told about was actually quite loud.When I sat down, I was presented with 3 menus. A lunch menu, a traditional tea menu, and an iced tea menu. Not being terribly versed in teas, it took me a little while to figure out what to order. I settled on the Sencha tea, a traditional Japanese green tea. The waitress brought it over to me with a biscuit, and let me smell the tea leaves. It was very fragrant and the tea was delicious. I ordered the dumpling box with two types of chicken dumplings, salad, and edamame. The dumplings were delicious and the miso sauce that came with really made the dish excellent. The edamame and salad were also tasty.Overall, I would come back, but maybe at an odd hour so as to avoid the crowds. The tea and food were excellent though!
So.  Awesome.  I was in the area for five days on business, and came here almost every night.  Perfect place to enjoy a pot of tea and just chill.  The food is exquisite--sort of a healthy version of dim sum.  One server described it as "asain comfort food: because it's food that makes you feel good", and he was right.  The first night I stopped in because I didn't feel like walking, and Radiance was across the street from my hotel.  I went in with kind of a stomach-ache, but left feeling great!  I recommend the steamed dumplings, and ice cream mochi from the desert menu.  Their homemade tea cookies and ice cream are also delicious!  Lots books, blended teas, and ornate tea sets that you can take home (or just browse).  Oh, and ladies?  ASIAN CUTIES.  My server was adorable, and so nice (but he was also engaged. oh well).
Great tea. Not those in tea bags.Tender chicken. Great pre-dinner soup and desert drink.
If you ever feel like a light (even cleansing) meal in a charming setting, this is the place to be. Think of it as an Asian Alice's Teacup. They have a large selection of teas (watch out, some might be quite expensive!). The menu offers gyozas, salads, amongst other things. Salads were perfectly filling, without making you feel heavy (like pasta would) and had unique ingredients like walnuts, 2 types of Asian mushrooms, avocado, etc.Their desserts are equally delightful, without being sugar loaded. Try their green tea ice cream mochi, yum!!! It's the lightest mochi I've ever had (not like a big blob of chewing dough that other places sell).
This place was amazing!  I first passed by this place a few months ago and was very curious to find out how good their teas were.  I have to say it's the best I've had so far.  I was lucky enough to come by just before the place got busy.  Once I sat down my server handed me 3 menus.  There were so many selection of teas that I had to take 15 minutes to just look through everything.  With the help of my waitress, I decided to get this floral herbal tea.  When you drink a tea and you don't have any inkling of asking for sugar or milk, you know it's great tea.  Along with my drink, I ordered the rice balls.  I selected the lobster, shrimp and Japanese plum rice balls.  Everything was great; though the shrimp rice ball was bland.  After finishing my lunch, I ordered their sundae.  I chose green tea ice cream that came along with mochi and their homemade roasted nuts.  It was very light.  And I still drank the tea while eating the sundae and the taste was still the same.  I love this place and plan to go whenever I get the chance.
So Saturday morning, I was excited to have scouted out a new lunch spot to explore.  My sister happened to be visiting, and she is vegetarian... and I'm pretty much a walking dictionary for dining, unless you are one of my vegetarian friends, in which case, you're SOL.  I peeked at the food menu, and thought, hey, this place could work for vegetarians!  Albeit the menu did seem a little small, but we went anyway.As everyone else has said, this IS an oasis in Midtown.  Sitting here feels like you're at the Japanese version of Borders... but with lots of tea.  Any maybe not that many books (I think the idea is that you bring your own books?)  So maybe Borders is a bad analogy, but you get the idea.Let's get to the food part.  EVERYTHING is handmade, which means it's DELICIOUS, but also takes an eternity to make.  Handmade dumplings? Delicious.  Miso soup from scratch? Delicious.  Rice balls? Yes, please.  Unforunately, I've already covered pretty much half of the food menu.  It is a small menu, indeed.  In fact, that is the sole reason I am docking a star.If you are a tea connoisseur, you MUST try this place.  I'm pretty sure the tea menu is larger than the dinner and lunch menu.  Now that I think about it, I've been here 3 times, and I've never even ordered tea... is that weird?
Went here with a friend for the first time for lunch. We both just loved it! Service was fantastic, I love the look, feel and energy of the place and what a surprise the food was. Beautifully plated and had so many wonderful levels of flavor. I had the Salmon teriyaki which I usually avoid (I'm not a big sweet sauce person). The salmon was so buttery and perfectly cooked and served with the most delicate baby bok choy, perfect rice and yummy chicken and woodear dumplings!  I will definitley be back!
One of my favorite spots in the middle of the city?  Hands down, yes!  I searched for a tea house and Radiance came up as a possibility. It's not too far away from where I live and many of the reviews mentioned that it's hard to believe this cute place is actually in the middle of nyc.  The ambiance is absolutely amazing.  It's quiet, calm, peaceful--everything that I miss about living in the suburbs.  It's more relaxing than my own apartment.  I've been here twice, once for a weekend lunch and once for a weekday dinner, and both times have had a wonderful experience at Radiance.  The servers don't rush you--even on the weekend, my friends and I were there for a good two hours and didn't feel as though we were unwelcome.  **There is one thing to note:  Do wave down a server when you want the check. Otherwise, they will let you sit and talk however long you want.I've mainly only tried their dumplings.  The moment I saw they had soupy pork "dumplings"/buns, I was sold.  I had to come here and I am SO happy to have done so.  They have six types in total and I've tried four of them, but the soupy ones are the best.  I've had them at Din Tai Feng in Taipei (none of that American Din Tai Feng; it was the real deal) and have been craving them, and now I have a place to go to get them!  $5.50 for five dumplings (they are normal-sized for soupy dumplings, but they will seem small to people who are not familiar with them) is definitely within reason, in my honest opinion.  I also tried their egg custard tonight.  It was superb.  Light, not too salty.  I may just have to get it again.The tea menu is _extensive_, as to be expected.  I've only tried the High Mountain Oolong Tea, but I am highly tempted to buy a tin of it the next time I go.  It was that good.  When you order a personal pot of tea, it comes out in a highly decorative set with a mesh strainer inside, and they will refill the pot should you finish it.  (I barely finished one pot of tea and couldn't drink any more, as much as I liked it.)  Depending on the strength at which you want to brew, you could get multiple pots, but no matter what, I'm fairly certain you could get two pots of tea out of the leaves they give you per order.  I will say this, though.  I haven't hit a winner with any of their desserts yet.  The black sesame ice cream was only so-so; it didn't taste strongly of black sesame to me.  Mitsuwa's is much better.  And the almond tofu...  I Love almond flavor, so it was lacking in intensity, in my opinion.  And the strawberry sauce was a little too over-powering.  But I'm thinking I should probably try some of the specialty ones, such as the tea-flavored cookies and whatnot.  Guess that'll be on my list next time!
LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!   The staff is always friendly, attentive, and ***knowledgable*** (so so important here).  The atmosphere feels very serene, with the mini library, the displays of tea sets, the many different kinds of teas available, and the tables & chairs felt so authentic.  Some of the teas we tried were Eastern Journey (very fragrant), Rain Flower (refreshing green tea), herbal tonic soup (tasted like Mom's), peach black tea, and blueberry iced tea.  All were lovely!  Loved that they are all loose leaves and not pre-packaged.  Huge selection more to try.The teapot & teacups the teas were served in were so adorable that I HAD to hold it with my pinky sticking up in the air to match it.The food were freshly prepared and little bite-sized portions, perfect to go with the tea.  The food's pricey but the tea's the highlight here, the food's just for complimenting.The only suggestion is for them to get better menu-paper.  A lot of the menus were wrinkled or tea-stained.  It'll be nice to have lamented menus that didn't feel like a hundred other pairs have touched it before.  Oh, and only they can stay open later on Sundays too =)
Island of Zen in busy neighborhood. Reminded me of respect impression you get from entering a cult place. Everything has been carefully selected to create a soothing atmosphere; ideal for tea consumption. The surprising part is not the tea menu; which has a tremendous selection of tea from around the world. It is not the service; which is fast and uses a selection of tea-pot more special one from another. No the surprise lays in the food menu itself which is probably one of the best culinary and healthy bang for your buck in that part of town. I am a fan of the Bento Box which comes with salad, Miso and 4 steam roll and rice. Writing this make me want to go back there right now.
I was so excited walking in here.  I've been meaning to check this place out since it has been open!Very cute interior, with a great friendly staff.  I had the lunch box combo with pork/veggie dumplings and little soupy pork buns.  It was delicious!!  The pork and veggie dumplings are hand made and our waiter told us it's one of a kind (don't know about that).  But they were moist and yummy.  The soupy pork buns were also really good, but a bit oily so if you don't want oily- stay away.I also loved the home-made dressing on the salad. I wish the menu was more dynamic though.  I mean, I know this is a tea house and not a food house, but still!  They should put more stuff on the food menu.I had the tangerine white tea.  My boyfriend had one of the Chai teas.  Both were good and it's great that you can keep brewing it over again (basically saying.. free teapot refills)   It's a little overpriced but then again, you get free refills and your paying to sit at the beautiful cafe. I would say they need more seats though, it got packed really quick and sometimes people want to come in and take their time with their tea.  Not be rushed out because there are people waiting to sit. Cute book selections.   I saw some Asian children's books that are related to tea, and great book selections on learning more about tea.Overall- fun and great place to chillax and rejuvenate your soul with some great tea!!!  Definitely coming back here very soon.  :D
The food is great: healthy yet yummy.  The service is friendly. The environment is calm and relaxing. I definitively recommend this place.You should try the homemade dumplings and the radiance salad.
This is one of my favorite places in the city. While a bit pricey, it is well worth it. The portions are small, which is nice because it means you can order a couple of appetizers too. The shrimp rice box and veggie dumplings are favorites. The teas are all delicious, and I love the big variety. My favorite sweet treat is the earl grey iced tea with vanilla ice cream- I think it's on the dessert menu. The earl grey chocolate chip cookie is also a favorite- be sure to ask for the deep-dish, ice-cream-topped one, because if you don't they'll bring you a plain, kind of boring one ;)
I have visited this place three times so far.  Each time I have had excellent service.  I came back for the tea and the cookies they sell.  Although the cookies were not as good as I remember last year.  The food isn't what makes the place but the tea is worth the trip.
A calm, wood-paneled oasis for tea geeks and lovers of healthy food. Cheery, bright staff, customers who seem to know one another, and a substantial selection of Taiwanese oolongs among other famous teas.
A friend and I were in search of a lunch option near Columbus Circle and found Radiance Tea House.  I tried the Snow Bud Tea, which the menu describes as follows:Like a symphony to the senses, you will discover an ensemble of fragrances that will delight the palette.Indeed, it was tasty.  One of the green teas, it had a mild flavor.  Another nice thing about tea house is that they steep the tea and then bring the leaves out in a separate strainer/bowl so you can see and smell the leaves and steep it longer for a stronger brew.  They have nearly 90 tea varieties to choose from (according to my count).The lunch options were pretty good and included dumplings, rice balls, salads, teriyaki, combos etc.  Be sure to try the dessert if you can.  We sampled a lychee, mango, red bean, taro and black sesame mochi.  They were delicious and beautifully shaped, helped by the nice bright lighting in the restaurant.The tea house also has several books for sale, which essentially are tea porn, but tastefully done.  Looking for a book just on iced tea?  They've got it.  If I indeed want to become a tea snob, this might be the place to help me do it.
I used to come here all the time to study while I was in grad school, but it started to get too popular with the theater crowd. How popular? I recently came and saw that they installed a large tv screen outside with a play by play of the service you can expect once you walk in. Business must be good. Anyhow, I came on a Wednesday evening and it was still pretty crowded. No wait, but it's definitely lost the intimate feel this place once had. I always order the ginger tea pot and share. It's very strong ginger but I love it because they actually use the root. I tried the goji berry tea which was also very nice. If you order a hot tea, it comes with a tiny tea cracker. I've only come for tea and it's a pleasant place to meet up with friends. It used to be ideal for studying, but maybe is more like a place to accomplish group work or collaboration like the "talking allowed" floors of the library. It's always clean and the service is always superb. It closes at 10pm (Wednesday) but it was 10:30 and they still didn't kick us out. So nice!If tea is what you want, this place will not disappoint. It's very comfortable and I always enjoy the service. Ah! I remember why I stopped going so frequently...it's on the more pricey side. And grad students should not be spending $8 for a cup or $20 for a pot of tea. We ain't that fancy yet.
It really is a Manhattan oasis. Very relaxing in an otherwise frenetic trip. The tea is excellent, the summer rolls, dumplings and soba noodles are also superb. We'll be back!
It's a weird place, overpriced and the food is not really Chinese. Clear connection to the fa long gong religious group.
Poor service (either slow to respond or attempting to snatch unfinished plates) and tasteless food.  The $10 wellness soup tasted like weak tea and not at all like chicken broth; a few tasteless chicken strips and floating goji berries added elegance and no flavor.  Same for the dumplings, insipid.  The liquid placed in the soy-labeled bottles is not soy sauce.  Not even worth trying to find out what it is.
I'm a tea lover. I drink at least 2 cups of tea everyday. I have tried all kinds of tea and tea stores, but this one is really different. The tea store is very traditional Chinese. The service there is perfect. They know what they are selling - very knowledgeable. They give very good suggestion. I love the environment! I love "Summer Treasure" for this hot weather!! It's a must go tea store!PS: It's a good place to have casual business meeting. Invite your client there. He/she will love it.
This tea house is one of my favorite places on the planet and I look forward to going back to the city just to drink more of their white tea and spend some more time with the folks here at Radiance. Dan, the manager who you will typically find messing with the storefront chalkboard, heads an exceptionally friendly and knowledgeable staff in this wonderfully designed second story tea room. They offer a plethora of teas, and can tell you a bit about each and every one of them, from around the world and prepare them to perfection. We sat for hours on both of our visits and will miss the ambiance and tranquility of what a tea house is supposed to be (are you listening Houston?).
Great Place in the midst of midtown madness. It's calm, tranquil, zen a little bit of paradise wrapped in a store. Sometime I meet up with a friend after work, just have a pot of tea, relax, and catch up. Place has great variety, and a handful of Taiwanese tea selection (hard to find in midtown). Waitstaff is friendly and knowledgeable, he chatted with us and recommended the right tea, depending on our mood/taste. Dessert was OK, a little small. The tea definitely is the main show.
great selections of tea and...some books that are banned in China.
I feel like the word "oasis" shows up a lot in other reviews of Radiance Tea House which makes sense as I can think of no better descriptor for this lovely place. The tea menu is massive and while a pot of tea for one may seem expensive (my variety of japanese green was $7), they can rebrew your leaves, so you get a lot out of it. This would be a nice place for an afternoon sitting with a delicious tea and a good book, but then you'd miss the fantastic food. I love the rice balls, personally, but there are plenty of tasty options that are well-priced enough to help deal with any sticker shock from the tea. A special with 3 rice balls (they're about the size of sushi handrolls), edamame and a small salad is $10, not too bad. A final note to emphasize how worthy of five stars this place is - their servers REALLY know their tea. It's impressive. So if the large menu seems daunting, pester them with your questions. They'll be very helpful.
Had a late lunch here on a weekday, great service and tasty food. The soupy pork dumplings were delicious and the wonton soup perfect. Great atmosphere, quiet and peaceful. I look toward to going again and trying the other dumplings!
I enjoy this tea house but don't come here if you are really hungry. The portions are very small. It is a very enjoyable quiet spot.
OMG the service is terribly, terribly slow. 15 minutes after we order, the tea comes, and 10 minutes after that, some coconut milk thing comes which we never even ordered, and 15 minutes after THAT, our platter of mocha desserts come. Which weren't even that good. I've had better straight from a package from an Asian supermarket. I don't get why service is so lazy when there are like 6 waiters walking around, and 1 other couple being serviced in an empty place on a Saturday afternoon. I really thought Radiance was better than this, after having had such good time here two years ago. I wouldn't be back again.
Radiance is an oasis in Midtown.  You walk up a few stairs to find an large, clean, quiet, bright shop.  They are passionate about tea -- they treat tea as if it's wine.The food is also tasty and reasonably priced.  I've had their cold noodles a few times.  The dumplings are also good.My only complaint is that although the service is attentive, it's a little slow.  I think this is because they make everything carefully, but don't got there if you're in a rush.
Beautiful restaurant. Huge selection of teas. Dumplings mwah! Quite good value for money (the set dumplings lunch is $9.95 and you get two types of dumplings, a salad and some edamame). The teas are really special - two menus dedicated to them, hot and cold. I'd go for cold, especially in this weather. Overall, wonderful ambiance and great food. I was so happy I even took my bosses here for a work lunch.
Awesome tea concotions, exactly what you need when attending a conference at the Hilton!
Two friends were in town from Boston, and after a quick dinner, we decided to find somewhere to sit and catch up over tea and dessert. One of our party looked online and found this place, and we walked on over.It was like a little, calm oasis in the middle of all the hustle and bustle. The staff were super friendly and knowledgeable, the atmosphere was serene, and there were plenty of pretty tea sets and coffee table and/or cook books to look at, too.I ordered the assortment of mochi, my friend ordered red bean ice cream, and his girlfriend ordered a cooked-to-order tea-infused chocolate chip cookie topped with ice cream. Everything was delicious. The mochi were a real treat - different flavors and fillings - compared to the blander, more limited versions I'd had before. I didn't taste the red bean ice cream, but my friend assures me it was delicious. I did get a bite of the hot cookie, and man - you actually COULD taste tea. I get so sick of 'tea infused' meaning 'doesn't taste anything like tea' that it was a nice surprise to have it mean exactly what it said this time.I'll be going back - it's firmly on my list of 'places I should go if I've had a hard day'. Plus, I'd like to try some of their other dishes. And buy some tea. And maybe a tea set, and...uh oh. This could be a dangerous place for me...
This is a great little spot to relax, have a pot of tea and maybe some food stuffs. I saw a few reviews about there not being much on the menu, but honestly, they don't really need all that much more. The drawing factor of this joint is the tea, not the food. Although the food was pretty damn good. The service was amazing. Our waiter was so so nice and when I asked him for recommendations, he very enthusiastically gave some. I also had the cold sesame chicken noodles which were AMAZING. I gobbled it up so fast. Two downsides? It is a bit pricey. Not crazy expensive, but not someplace I'd go every week. And when it gets busy (as it did on Friday night when I was there), it's hard to get your check.
I loved this place! Great selection of Chinese teas as well as some Japanese teas. The food was delicious and paired well with the teas. We ordered the Cold Chicken noodles which was perfectly salted in a sesame peanut sauce with cucumber and strips of chicken. We had the chicken won tons with spicy chili oil that was delicious and the assortment of dumplings. Everything tasted great and was really affordable. We topped off our meal with an ice cream sandwich and almond tofu which was delicious!!!!! Can't wait to bring more friends here!!!!!! Yayy!!!!!
We had a great experience at the Radiance Tea House. The food is wonderful and the prices are great (for New York). The tea is on the expensive side but they really seem to know tea and tea we got was amazing. It had layers of flavor I had never thought of before. Also, the atmosphere of the place is really nice: soothing and calming in itself.
Wow! Such a wonderful place to de-stress and eat a delicious meal. The dumplings are great but the sesame chicken noodles are to die for. The ambiance is beautiful too. I can't wait to go here again!
Its a little weird when every other review uses the word "oasis" and as part of the oasis backlash/commentary part of the review cycle we only add further fuel to the notion.Ok, its quiet, cute, and serves tea. Its usually pretty sparse in terms of bodies to sq ft, people aren't the rush rush busybody tourist/midtown office worker set. But is midtown such a hellhole that we need the oasis of a wood floored tea shop to pick our souls back up? Really, that's all it takes to escape from the constant oppression of the built environment, someplace inside? It's a breath of fresh air, but oasis is stretching it.The teas are excellent, the food is pretty good but I fear this place is a little overhyped on that front. The service is friendly and helpful but a little...tentative? slow? To be charitable I guess I'd say its unhurried, which fits in with the oasis gig but for lunch as a cube dweller it may get long in tooth.
This place is amazing.  The ambiance is amazing, the food is delectable, and they have teas of both the Chinese and Japanese variety.  I spent hours holed up in here with my laptop on a rainy Saturday, and they didn't even blink.  The dumplings are good, but my favorite are the tea-infused cookies.  I never thought tea cookies could be so delicious, but they were amazing.The service was also great - they came by to check in on me periodically and were extremely friendly.  I could tell that they would have taken the time to chat, but politely left me alone as they saw I was intently working on my computer.Once you step into this little slice of heaven, you leave the rest of grimy, dirty, loud, crazy New York behind.
I've been here twice now and each time has been a pleasant experience. The food is just ok (hence 4 stars only), but the ambiance is great. Just sitting there in the Chinese tea house themed furniture surrounded by chinese tea sets and various books makes you feel relaxed and more "radiant." (sorry)They have SO many menus! I generally like to keep to the usual hot teas but their cold drinks are quite good as well. The mochi sets are a bit small and taste is so-so, but they're cute! Prices are a little more than Cha-an (my fav), but it's such a pleasure to find this haven in the midst of midtown. We came here for the first time right before a concert at Carnegie Hall and I'm so glad I found a hang out place if I ever need to be in the area and have some time to kill.I have to say though, one of the things that made this a really great experience was the server. You know which one I'm talking about. He's super friendly and nice and knowledgeable and rather cute too! We've had other servers but once we found out that he's the one who really knows what he's doing, we just went straight for him. This is not to say the others are not nice... but it's good to have a server that really seems to enjoy what he's doing and is good at it!I'd definitely recommend this place for anyone who's into tea or just Asian culture. The food is more Japanese but there are many Japanese and Chinese teas to select from. Now if only we can find a place like this in the middle of Central Park...
Absolutely loved this place!  My friend and I did the afternoon tea tasting.  The service was absolutely fantastic from when we walked in (immediately seated) til we left (which was hours later).  My friend ordered an ice tea, and I ordered a hot tea.  They brought out the hot tea and explained the brewing process which was lovely!  We got a sampling of different things (they were very accommodating to vegetarians), and the veggie dumplings and the summer rolls (avocado, asparagus, mushroom) were the best either one of us ever had!  The dessert sampling included homemade mango ice cream, mochi, grapefruit puree, almond tofu and several other unique items.  Can't wait to go back!
Black vanilla tea was very goodDumpling box was goodNice relaxing atmosphere
Very clean, nice place with great service.  The chicken noodles and the soups are amazing.  Price for the food is descent.  $25 for a pot of tea is a little high for my tastes.  Other than that, I recommend this place if you are in the area.
Adore this place! Beautiful tea and settings, and what's better than being surrounded by books?! I walked right in and got a table around 4 PM. It did take a while, even just for tea and cookies for two.
I noticed this place getting off the 57th st exit off the Q/R/W a few weeks ago, and I finally decided to check this place out for lunch.I wouldn't say it was a cheap lunch (~$14), but I think the quality is definitely there.I had the Rice Ball Box and a Southen Joy ice tea to go. You get to choose three rice balls, so I had the spicy salmon, lobster salad, and vegetable inari. To my surprise, they all were all standouts! Each had it's own unique textures and and presentation (not bad for a lunch box!) The spicy salmon wasn't too spicy and wasn't overloaded with mayo. The lobster was tender and moist, and the vegetable inari was filled with chopped mushrooms, burdock (i think) with a sweet but not too sweet fried tofu wrapping. Finally, the Southern Joy (black tea, fresh lemon, rock sugar) was clean and refreshing.Although some of the earlier reviews seem suspect, I admit this place is nice. Will definitely check it out again
Love it!  Best place to go in midtown for a quiet place to talk and relax with friends.  My husband and I love this place so much that he threw me a surprise birthday party in the back area with all of our friends.  I'd recommend it for any adult looking to sit back and relax.  If you're looking for a quick lunch, this is not the place you're going to get it.  Service can be slow, but I think that's part of the ambiance.  They want you to take in your surroundings and sip the tea; really take the time to enjoy the time that you have there.  Oh yeah, Dan is awesome too!
Myeh. The tea varities were nice but it wasn't anything special. My friends and I made a reservation and the waiters were nice. The food wasn't that interesting; in fact, I felt like I wasted my money. We ordered the $25 tea party special that gave us 4 dumplings, 2 spring rolls, cold sesame noodle, and for dessert: 5 pieces of mochi and 3 crackers. The dumplings consisted of a teeny pork one, a chicken teriyaki one, a veggie one, and I cannot seem to recall the last one but there was meat in it. The dessert was disappointing. My friend described one of the crackers as "there is some kind of herb in this ..lavender?" That one was actually decent. The other cracker didn't taste like anything special and the last one was just hilarious. "This tastes like...beef jerky in cracker form; omg I'm eating a hot-dog-cracker." It tasted interesting at least. There were 3 pieces of chinese mochi with jelly filling that one can easily buy at an asian supermarket. The other 2 pieces were japanese mochi with red bean filling that again, came from a box from an asian supermarket. Hell, I can make mochi better than that.I'm going back to Cha-An.
They're kinda expensive but so mother effin good. Purple Yam iced drink is the only thing I order  for drinks although the summer tea I had with the fruit in was pretty good too. Their regular dishes aren't too bad. But their cookies and mochi make me glad they're out of my walking distance range from work or I'd be there all the time. They're the type of place where you know you're going to have an angry stare-down with your wallet but you know in the end its for a greater good.
Been meaning to try this place since I arrived about 3 weeks ago. Been to Cha An in St Marks, and I really loved the concept of a tea house and definitely in the busy city, i felt that i needed a quiet oasis to just chill out.When I walked in around 11, the place was pretty empty. As i was walking up the stairs, I was amazed and immediately taken back by how clean and open the place was. They could have easily fit in more tables, but instead, each table had enough space between them so that you don't over hear anyone elses conversation. There was a vast selection of tea, ranging from hot to cold as well as herbal. I wasn't too interested in anything other than the traditional hot teas, so I went for a Bi Luo Chun, which I've never tried before. Tea is definitely based on personal preference, so do ask the staff for recommendations! The dumpling lunch set was a delight, I especially loved the side salad, and their home made dressing. My lunch was light, but not bland.Last but not least......the bathrooms were amazing spacious and clean. somewhat difficult to find in NY.
Good solid fare. Atmosphere was a bit neutral, if not non-existent, but very clean. Not best choice for vegetarians.
Love it here.  My go-to for a sweet little two-person lunch after going to a museum.  The staff has always been SUPER sweet, the tea is obviously great, and everybody is very willing to help you decide what you want.  I always go for the dumpling box--I order the "little soupy pork buns" almost religiously and am still working on figuring out how to make them--but everything else that others have ordered and i have tried has been delicious.  The atmosphere is relaxing and I love looking at the books and teas etc.
Our waiter knew his teas and pointed us to 2 delicious teas, one pot for each of us, to start our meal.  My husband got the shrimp dumplings and they were awesome: delicate dumplings with real pieces of shrimp, not tiny specks that is often the case.  And delicious flavor.  He has very discerning taste, eats often in Manhattan's China Town and said that our appetizers were at a more gourmet standard than is typical fare.  I agree.  We both agreed, too, about the spinach bisque - deep green, simply seasoned and it got better as we ate it.  It wouldn't be for someone who likes strong flavoring but for someone who enjoys the taste of spinach.  The rest of our meal was also delicious.  With the relaxed atmosphere and the very well prepared food, we both agreed that last night wouldn't be our last time at this restaurant.
Great food. Small cozy restaurant and good quiet place to dine. The food quality and preparation were excellent and the same can be said about the service.
A good place for dinner if you dont like flavor but do like to spend a lot of money. I'm not a "tea person," but went here with a friend for dinner. The tea menu was extensive, and the tea I had was fine (but expensive... at $8, one of the cheaper options). A veggie platter, cold noodles and shrimp-stuffed baby bok choy were all decently sized, but lacked flavor. What they're hoping is fresh and clean comes off as bland, plain and boring. Pricey, too. I'm not sure why a plate of vegetables with a dash of soy sauce should cost $16. Go here if you're into tea, but skip it if you're looking for dinner.
I love the atmosphere here. You are surrounded by beautiful tea cups, tea canisters, books, elegant wood tables. Apparently this is a popular spot to study. Bring your books, order a pot of tea and you may lose track of time. This is good for studying but not so good when you come with coworkers during lunch hour. To say the service was slow is an understatement. I believe the food came an average of 40 min after we ordered. I say average because our food did not come all at once. Awkward! The server redeemed herself by being very apologetic and giving us a 10% discount. I ordered the dumpling box, with the vegetable and chicken teryaki. The chicken teryaki had a nice 7-grain wrap. The sauces were okay. The edamame was mysetriously lacking its beans. Our iced tea (Summer Treasure) was yummy, filled with fresh strawberries, blueberries, and kiwi. Twas expensive but worth it. Lesson learned: Come here for the tea and make sure you have time. Lots of it.
What a lovely place!  This place has such an abundant tea selection, the servers are very helpful and the dim sum was delicious!  We ordered the steamed dumpling box with little soupy buns and chicken & woodear mushroom, crystal shrimp dumplings and the shrimp avocado.  All were quite yummy!  We ended up having the Eastern Journey tea (and also purchased some to bring home). This is a really great place to relax, sip on tea and grub on dim sum. :)
This was my first time back in New York in almost two years, with only a day to adventure, but after finding Radiance, I wanted nothing more than to scrap all my plans and relax at this heavenly oasis.There is nothing about this place that isn't gorgeous.  The furniture, the art, the lighting, the food, the tea, the tea sets for sale, the bathrooms, the canisters they sell tea in, even the little basket the check comes in.  If you don't believe in feng shui, the invigorating tranquility of this shop will change your mind.The staff were a total delight.  Everyone, not just our server Ally (Ali? I didn't ask for the spelling) was attentive and polite and congenial.  Ally was remarkably helpful and informative, not only in helping us choose tea or food or desserts we would enjoy, but even in helping us figure out our plans for the rest of the day...which we eventually embraced after FOUR HOURS or sipping and nibbing and watching the kitchen staff preparing various beautiful foods.  My wife was mesmerized by the dumplings being hand-made right before us.I should admit: I'm not a tea drinker.  I usually say my clumsy American palate lacks the subtlety to fully appreciate it.  Nevertheless, I did try the Three Flowers, and found it remarkably flavorful and complex.The food was both beautiful and delicious.  The handmade dumplings I had were fantastic.  In normal Chines restaurants, I use dumplings as a carrier for dipping sauce, thanks to my aforementioned palate; but these pork dumplings were such savory explosions in my mouth that I almost forgot they even gave me any sauce at all.  The rice balls were little works of art.  The matcha flavor in the matcha scone was very subtle but went well; I added a few drops of honey.  We got some fancy mochi (as in, not your standard, gummy, cellophane-wrapped market fare) for the road, and they were excellent a day later.A visit to Radiance is now a required element of any future visit to NYC.
A really cute little tea house  with Japanese styled foods operated by Fa Lun Gong followers. The lunch menu is short but the food is very fresh and delish. I really enjoyed their miso soup and unagi lunch box. The tea is great but kind of overpriced. This place is a nice little oasis in the tourist-filled mecca of the theater district.
This place was AWESOME! My friends and I just got out of a matinee show on a rainy/snowy day and were in desperate need of a warm up. There was a little bit of a wait, maybe 15 minutes, but the staff was very accommodating and even cleared the table in the merchandise section of the restaurant for us to take a seat at while we waited.The ginger milk remedy tea that one of my friends got was amazing and the rice flower tea that I got was a very subtle easy to drink green tea. We loved everything we ate too!  Soupy pork bun dumplings: a must! Steamed egg: very different but soooo good! Miso Soup made-from-scratch: best miso soup I've tasted, ever! Teriyaki Glazed Salmon Bowl: very tender salmon, yummy sauce, and not too heavy-perfect for when you still need to walk about the city. The salad that came with my rice bowl was amazing! The dressing was freshly made and I felt like I was on an episode of "Best thing I ever Ate". Seriously, this place was great! It was exactly what we all needed and the staff was wonderful! It was a very relaxing experience, especially for the Times Square area, you would never know all of the madness that was going on outside of the doors. All in all, I'd say if you are in this area and don't want a sandwich that ways 3 pounds or something greasy don't miss out on this place!
Great place!  Sit down for a pot of tea to yourself, or with a friend. They are not messing around when it comes to their tea, very knowledgeable  AND the selection of tea is out of this world! The handmade dumplings were delicious, while the mochi was only OK.  Servers were very nice, but a bit slow.  It is the type of place you want to enjoy leisurely.  If your like tea, you will enjoy yourself...
After doing a bit of digging on Yelp to find a quiet place in NYC with free Wi-Fi to work for a while, I made a few stops in Manhattan today.  Yes, Bryant Park has free Internet--but there are virtually no outlets, and if the weather doesn't cooperate, that's right out.  Yes, the library is OK, but the hours are limited and the vibe is a bit oppressive. And yes, you can pop into the Sheraton on 7th Avenue, but it's busy and loud and not very private.That's why I was utterly stunned--I mean jaw-droppingly stunned--when I walked into Radiance Tea House today.  It was absolutely an "oasis in the middle of Manhattan."  The service was wonderful, polite and friendly; the menu is light and delicious; the tea menu is extensive and the environment is so quiet and relaxing.  Plus, minutes after I walked in with a laptop, I was literally handed the wireless Internet password.I stayed for hours, had some dumplings and two pots of tea, and my bill was less than $20 including tip.  I will undoubtedly be back many, many times in the future.
What an experience.the sign out front indicating the specials was that of the previous day. When we got the menu many of the items were not available .... Not much personality with the server... But when we got what dishes that were available the food was good. Byob.
I have eaten every single item on their brunch menu. This place is the most relaxing thing you can do with your Sunday afternoon. I was there this Sunday, and between five of us we ate an enormous amount of food.Teas: the ginger milk tea, calm sea (lavender and chamomile), and a rose & lemongrass something. Ive had others before (notably the ffruit and flower, and the moroccan mint), and they've all been wonderful. They're served with sesame crackers that are super yummy too.I had the mango salmon salad and shared a little of my friend's dumpling box. The salads are all good, very healthy and yummy. The soupy pork dumplings are to die for.We got the chicken wontons for the table, and a lot of edamame. Plus the freshly made tofu with bacon and cilantro (YUM).For dessert, their almond milk/ sticky rice concoction is great. Its served in bamboo sticks! This time round though, I ordered the mocha icecream sundae. Im a sucker for green tea, and that made me very happy. They had an interesting coconut-avocado ice cream - not great, but certainly worth a try.mochi isnt great though, ive had better.Full points on service, these guys know how to do it! They'll recognize you if you're a regular, let you sit where you want, and wont complain about splitting a check among 5 cards.
Wow, this was an amazing lunchtime experience.  Delicious tea - free refills galore. . . and my very first ever soupy dumplings.  I can't get them out of my head.  They are. . . miraculous.  The rice balls are very tasty, too - and surprisingly filling!The service is, as others have said, very very slow.  Still, everyone is insanely friendly, and you get the sense that they really do want you to sit and enjoy yourself and not just gulp down your tea.  But if you have someplace to be, perhaps you should warn them ahead of time.
Delightful place! The savory egg custard is a great starter. Try the lobster and salmon rice balls which are like sushi rolls but with cooked, then chilled seafood.  Casual atmosphere with the ajoining store. Excellent choice of teas and a plethora of mochi desserts.
Hella chilled out spot to get some tea and light food or snacks. They give you your stuff and just leave you alone for hours. More like a "let them have some time to relax" thing and less of a "i hate my stepchild" thing. It's a tad on the expensive side, but it's a super rad place and they have a pretty extensive menu.
Am I the only one that wasn't amazed by this place? Food was good, but way overpriced for dinner. The portions were tiny! From what I hear, this is a way better deal if you come for lunch.
half japanese food place/half bookstore. Alot of visual stimulation here and if you work in the 50's and 5-7 ave's, this is right near you. yum  yum dumplings and homemade miso soup to DIE FOR. Also, the summer chicken noodle thing was pretttttyyy delish, too. If you feel like getting out of the office, hop on over. I did and am glad.
i'm not quite sure if i like the concept of this place.i was grubbing while another girl a few tables away from us was studying and looking at books. am i rude for eating next to her? or am i on display for eating?the place is really clean and bright.i'd give the place 3.5 stars, but yelp 4 stars means "yay i'm a fan" and i'm not quite there.food ordered:- pot of sencha tea. they had a list of chinese tea and a list of japanese tea. it came with a free cracker.- green tea noodles. not bad, but not memorable. - rolls (i forget which one)- dumplings per yelpers recommendation (tasted like every other dumpling i've tried in chinatown)- chicken wonton soup. i know it's basically chicken noodle soup, but i was impressed- radiance green salad. just your average salad but the mushrooms were REALLY good.the staff was nice, there was no wait, and it wasn't that busy.a nice place to come if you're just looking for some tea and reading time.
At first it's disconcerting to step into such a calm, zen-like atmosphere after walking amid the crowded streets of midtown. Inside, relaxing music is sounding and the environment is strongly evocative of Eastern culture. The staff is very attentive and places a premium on good service. The walls are decorated with old and authentic art work. The store itself has books and tea products for sale, too. The tea list is quite extensive and worth the price. Just as good are the dumplings, especially the soupy pork. For midtown New York, the steamed dumpling box is a pretty good deal. You can choose two different types of dumplings and get a small salad and edamame beans on the side. The portion sizes are just right - you'll have plenty of room for dessert. If you're into desserts, the green tea mochi is definitely the way to go.Overall, it's a nice little lunch spot. It'd be fun to try the tea tasting sometime!
I had to corporate meetings at Radiance last week, one was very last minute. They were incredibly accommodating and friendly! The ambiance was perfect --calming and serene and our guests had a wonderful time. The tea (especially iced) along with the dumplings are out of this world.We were visiting from San Francisco and will be back! Can't recommend highly enough.
My friends and I had made plans to go to Tea Box in Takashimaya but it was closed! Thanks to Yelp on my iPhone I located this gem close by.The atmosphere is, as someone else put it, tranquil. I almost felt like I could have been in Asia. The waiters are almost as courteous as those in Tokyo.  Their tea selection is unbelievable and our waiter described each of our potential choices with enthusiasm and (at least in my case) accuracy.  I asked if it would be offensive (half joking) to sweeten my tea and he offered to have it done for me. I ordered the white tangerine tea and it was by far the best one on the table (we ordered 4 different kinds). The fact that it was the only sweet one may have contributed, but either way, II highly recommend it! I was also the only one to order dinner: the Teriyaki Salmon Rice Bowl. Someone else mentioned it was small but I thought the portion was just right: we are used to unparalleled large portions here in America! The dish was a delight - delicate, fulfilling, extremely flavorful (especially the shitake...yum). And the presentation deserves 5 stars as well.For dessert,  we all ordered mochi ice cream and thought the mango was the best. I took some regular mochi home but was not a huge fan.Finally, our waiter Dan was a sweetheart, knowledgeable, and his manners were reminiscent of those in Tokyo (though he was Shanghainese). I also thought the fact that they handed out flyers did not fit in with the rest of the experience - they should leave it exposed but allow the customer to demonstrate direct interest (or not!).Also note that there are cool Chinese and Japanese books for sale, as well as beautiful tea accessories and a limited selection of Asian clothes articles.As Tina C. put it, an Asian Alice's Teacup!
I heart this place.  SF girl's adventures in NYC, I went here twice and I really shouldn't have since I was really stressed for time, so I chose this place in lieu of other places to see in NYC before departing. Relaxing and eating vs walking and walking and walking and oh seeing more buildings. Don't get me wrong, I love visiting other sites. It just means I have to visit NYC again and again.  I had the Tea and Assorted Dumpling Set with Sencha Green Tea.  I don't want it was, but that Sencha... I wanted to eat the leaves!! Smelled and tasted so good.  Slightly sweet, refreshing ahhh.  The dumplings were good too, the dessert I love, but honestly could get that at any oriental market here in SF. No really you could. I get it all the time.  Black sesame is my fave.  The plate decor was a cute touch.  And that tea cookie... maybe I was hungry, but that was even goodThe place itself is relaxing.  The two times I have been here, I was alone. So relaxing!  I saw business people meetings here, couples and groups.  They seem to have enjoyed their time.  They also had a little bookstore too.  I wish there was this place in SF during my college studying years.
Great selection of tea and good quality dim-sum-like dishes, except that you actually know exactly what's in them,  The tea is served in a pot with extra on the side if you want to make it stronger.  Very calm atmosphere and very calm food.
I mean...I liked it. After reading everyone else's reviews, I expected a more traditional decor that was more gimmicky, you know, maybe a no shoes policy or a mini zen garden or something. The place was pretty minimalist, very spread out, with large, carved wood tables and a friendly and attentive staff. My friends and I were STARVING when we were seated, so maybe that's why it felt like a eternity before we got our food, but I think other reviewers have also mentioned that the service is pretty slow. Attentive and friendly, but slow. We ended up getting the Chicken & Woodear Mushroom (3 stars, great dipping sauce, average dumplings), Chinese Steamed Egg Custard (4.5 stars, tiny serving, but smooth and delicious shrimp) and the unagi rice bowl (4 stars, fresh eel, steamed rice but nothing special). We also got a pot each of the fruit and flower tea and the purity tea (both herbal/wellness teas that promised "weight loss and skin nourishment"). Interesting. The tea was good, though more tasty than authentic or comforting you could say. Overall, I thought the redeeming aspects of Radiance were the extensive menu of teas and the relative healthiness / lightness of the food served. Not special enough to come back, and I wouldn't recommend coming here for a meal, more just to share a pot of tea with friends if (and only if) you are passing by.Suggestions: Wifi, faster service
If you have plenty of time to sit down and have some good conversations over a warm, soothing cup of tea here is the place to be at. It is definitely a nice place to catch up with friends and it has a bright atmosphere. There is such a variety of tea from regular teas from across Asia to wellness & herbal teas that treat liver, lung, eyes, etc. The sweet dragoneye tea was refreshing, just sweet enough and keeps you warm. However, the food is a bit on the pricey side.The staff is friendly and sweet but the atmosphere is a bit too intense for me.You can get a more intimate experience at Cha'an which is much better and homey.
Amazing great tea. Quite pricey, but I came here or tranquility and to study for my boards. It is definitely an oasis from the busy city life.
What a lovely place to host a peaceful reunion with old friends. A cozy place to catch up on each other's lives, while warming up with a pot of tea.We ordered a the Golden Dragon tea (chrysanthemum and oolang) to share and a dumpling box each. The box comes with 10 dumplings, salad and edamame. I ordered the little soupy pork dumplings and the chicken and woodear mushrooms. Dumplings were tasty. A relaxing sanctuary amidst a hectic city. Take some time out of your day to seek refuge from the cold, and relax.
quiet rendezvous amid the hustle and bustle.  nice selection of tea hot and cold.  wait staff is friendly and attentive.  looking forward to coming back.
Things I adore about this place:One: The staff are amazing! They welcome you and make you feel like you're at home, even if you're surrounded by a bunch of foreign Chinese tea kettles. Dan, the manager, is really friendly, and you can tell he just loves his job and is doing it from the heart (I would hope.) The staff make you feel so comfortable that one day I went in after a run in Central Park, so I was in shorts and sneakers, and they were still treating me like they did when I went earlier in the week in better clothes.Two: the DUMPLINGS. O.em.ef.jee. Fresh and delectably chewy, they take a while to come out, but they're worth the wait. They have a special miso sauce for certain dumplings, and definitely do ask them about it. I think they're the most high-class dumplings I've ever had in my life. They didn't taste or feel like those here-this-is-Chinese-food-and-it-is-cheap thingamabobs. Do, do, do go just to try the dumplings.Now, the reason the fifth star didn't make it is the grapefruit agar. it was way too sweet. It almost burned my throat. I wanted to regurgitate after a couple of bites, but it was $8, so I didn't want to waste my money just like that. I wouldn't recommend it, unless you just want to know what grapefruit agar is.However, don't let the agar keep you away from this place. Go, but go for the dumplings! (The tea is okay, but oh! Some kinds come with this delectable green tea biscuit - which Dan told me they sell in boxes, too! Yum yum yum =))
Three years ago I would have given this place five stars for ambiance, food, location, and service.  It has a unique experience to offer the harried midtown area, particularly if you are looking for a serene place for lunch.I took a friend here in November for his birthday, and it was probably the worst service I've experienced in a long time. My meal arrived at least 20 minutes before his did.   Our meals came with various appetizers, and they were thrown on our table, after which servers practically ran away without explaining whose appetizer.  We had to flag waitstaff down for nearly everything.  The check was also unceremoniously shoved onto our table.  I really felt as though we were in a restaurant in Chinatown, where at least the abrupt service is expected.  The food was fine, but nothing especially exciting and certainly overpriced.  You were paying, in theory, for the ideal quiet oasis in midtown.  I would not return after my last visit.
Very cute tea house! It's close to Central Park and offers a broad range of Chinese and Japanese teas, as well as appetizers, entrees, and desserts. I was with my boyfriend waiting to kill some time before meeting up with friends for dinner, so we dropped by Radiance Tea House and Books for a cup of tea. The interior is decorated with tea sets (which you can buy), book shelves full of English and Chinese books, and pottery. I ordered the Tieguanyin oolong tea and my boyfriend ordered the Longjing green tea. They give you a teapot, a cup, and another cup with a strainer filled with the tea leaves in case you want to make your tea stronger or for refills. Along with your tea, they'll give complementary biscuits. While the teapot isn't large, there's enough for many, many pours. And they do add hot water for refills, which is nice. I'm pretty sure I drank about 20-30 cups (mind you, the cups are tiny) of tea that afternoon. We decided to also order soup dumplings and pork dumplings. Each order came with 5 dumplings. The food isn't bad. Certainly not the best soup dumplings in the world but for a tea house, they are not bad at all. A little doughier than I'd like in a soup dumpling, but the filling is pretty good and there was surprisingly a lot more soup than I thought there would be. We sat, sipping our tea and eating our food, admiring the various tea sets, and relaxed the afternoon away. It was busy but not full. The servers were nice and when they weren't fulfilling customer orders and needs, they were cleaning. The place is very clean, even the restrooms! I love the concept of tea and books, and I thought it was a very cute and intimate place. If I ever opened up a tea house, this would be the concept I would want for my tea house.
This little place is bursting with all the flavors. The menu is big, yet nothing tastes the same. We got eggplant w/ garlic & chilis, steamed sea bass w/ kabocha & red rice, spicy tofu w/ black bean sauce, mushroom rice shumai, and delicious, smoky Lapsang Puchong tea. The green soba noodles and ginger spinach were too watery for my taste, but this place really is a gem. Great tranquil atmosphere for midtown. The mochi platter is also a must.
This place is adorable. It's on the pricy side with regard to portion size, but the ambience is quite unique. It's a mini-book store as well as a tea house, with the nice wooden Chinese tables and chairs. They also have some displays of nice tea sets. I stopped by on a weeknight, and it was relatively empty. 1. Aged Pu'er tea: I ordered the 2-person portion for $14, which is on the pricy side. It poured a good 6 tea cups, which was plenty. It comes with two small crackers. The set-up is very cute.2. Tropical Salmon Salad: This was so good! The salmon was cooked, but still flavorful, and comes with mango and avocado slices on a bed of greens. This is $9, which is pretty cheap.3. Soupy pork dumplings: Delicious!! Really well made, but quite tiny. You get 5 of them. Make sure to put the dumpling in a spoon, bite off the top, and pour some soy sauce into them. It'll tasted better that way.  4. Sa-cha beef: I love this Asian BBQ sauce. You get a moderate amount of beef and cabbage over glass noodles. It's in soup form. Very satisfying. Not too spicy. Wander over to the other side after eating to check out some of the eclectic books. Some are obviously geared toward Westerners, but they have some pretty stuff to glance at.I would say the only issue I had was that the sink they were doing dishes in was in the dining area, not in a back kitchen. They were really really loud with the clanging, so at points, I had to stop my conversation to wait for the bowls to be washed.
Very authentic Chinese cuisine. Their food are elegant and cooks in healthy way. More dishes are southern China flavor.
Pork bun sandwiches and dumplings were just fine.  Tea was underwhelming.  Atmosphere was alright.  Just wanted some dim sum and this place fit the bill for a late lunch after several hours of travel and our first stop in Midtown.  Eh.
Very disappointed in this restaurant. Took coworkers there for a lunch celebration and was expecting better service. The food was subpar and overpriced. I can cook better asian food than this place. Tasteless lunch but dessert was better. Waiter rushed us out and place was empty. Will never return here.
Very good flavors and service. This is not a fancy place, but a good place to relax with a friend. There are books, but it is more a restaurant than a bookstore.
Besides from milk tea adffogato and sa cha beef, other dishes are quite mediocre. However, it has a clean, serene environment good for lunch with coworkers. I do think that this place is better than any other tea houses I've been to. Service was basically nonexistent. Our server is busy chatting and very clumsy. I hope they can improve on their food and service quality.
I loved this place! The food was amazing and so was the tea but unfortunately the service is not so great. They forgot our tea for about 30 min and finally brought it after we had to flag them down so that was a little annoying.
Wait time 1 hour for food and tea while others were served immediately. I don't understand how difficult is it to steam dishes and make tea with half empty seats, I can't imagine how inefficient it would be if the place is filled to capacity. Couldn't find out if it was worth it because we still didn't receive the tea and food.
Came in on Friday evening and sat for two hours drinking tea and snacking on cold noodles. I've come here 4 times now, and every time I get the spicy chicken cold noodles. This is because the first time was absolutely delicious. But every time following, the spicy chicken cold noodles dish became worse and worse. After this last time, I will not be getting it again.They also didn't have the AC on on a Friday evening, and every one was sweating bullets. Definitely bad when the purpose of the restaurants is to serve hot tea to their customers, and the temperature outside is 80 degrees.I will not be coming back again.
My friend randomly picked this place because we wanted soup dumplings. However, this is a terrible place for that because the dumplings and food here was just average and pricey. Spicy Cold Chicken Noodle: It was good, but nothing special. It's very light in flavor. It's definitely something anyone can make themselves with Asian noodles, chicken, cucumber slices, and a drizzle of hot chili oil.Soupy Pork Dumplings: For $9, it's definitely not worth it for 5 measly dumplings. They didn't taste bad, but tasted similar to the ones I can get frozen from the Asian markets. We also got the Chicken and Woodear Dumplings, but they weren't very memorable. We should have gone to Chinatown!Pork Belly Steamed Bun Sandwich: This was actually not bad. It was tasty and the pork belly was cooked just right. It comes in a plate of three, but one is enough because the pork belly is really fatty.Shacha Shrimp: This was minced shrimp balls with shacha sauce over a bed of noodles and spinach. Again, nothing spectacular. It was just the shacha sauce that gave it flavor. If you don't mixed it all well enough, the dish is just pretty bland. It was not worth the $22.All in all, this would be a great place for folks who have the time to chill and enjoy drinking tea. It has a great ambiance and nice decorations. Food-wise, the items are not that great. When trying each dish, I was waiting for something to blow my mind, but nope. Most of the stuff was mediocre at best. I think the food here leans more towards the light and healthy side, which is not for me. Service is really slow and the servers were absentminded. We had to ask for water several times and they had forgotten to place some orders.
Great place for some food and a wide variety of teas. It's a little hidden, it's easy to walk right by it if you aren't looking for it. We loved the atmosphere!The service was pretty easy going, wasn't in a rush to get us out and you can peruse the store while your food is being prepared.
Was looking for a place to have tea. This is SO much more. Solace in the middle of the city with an extensive menu and very serious service. Will definitely be back!
Porky soup dumplings are excellent.  We actually only had a little chili oil with them but the broth was so good inside that you didn't need and dipping sauce.  The beef and tofu was amazing too.  I would give this place 5 stars but the Dan Dan noodles fell very short.  I was suspect when we ordered them and they came out in 3 minutes.  Back home in Houston, when you order Dan Dan Noodles they are usually the last thing to come out because the noodles are freshly made.   Don't think they are here.
Radiance definitely has one of the most relaxed lunchtime restaurant atmospheres in Midtown.  The decor and furniture reflects what the place is all about - a tea house and books.  There are tea sets, books, loose teas, tea satchels, cookies, and lots of other tea-related goods for sale... almost reminds me of Kinokuniya/Cafe Zaiya, similar to what a previous reviewer has also said.My colleagues and I ordered the rose blossom wellness tea (32 oz for $16) - the wellness teas are a good "sharing" tea.  You could definitely taste the rose, but I was having some trouble, especially during the first steeping, tasting the oolong.  It was too light for me, but after it sat for a while, it actually became a nice, refreshing accompaniment to our lunches.I ordered the spicy chicken noodle, which to my surprise, was a cold noodle.  Luckily I didn't mind this.  The chicken dumplings were so-so... nothing special about this that I can rave about.  The chicken was probably something I could have made myself, as it was just sauteed sliced chicken breast with some chinese hot pepper paste/oil on top of a bed of cold noodles.  Some edamame and julienned vegetables are also included in the bento box.  My coworkers who ordered the beef noodle soup said they prefer the $6 Chinatown noodle soup instead.The mochi platter came already split up into 4's, which was nice on the server's end.  It came with six flavors, in which lychee and blueberry were probably my favorite.  At $8, it's worth a try.Radiance Tea House and Books was a nice change from the usual eat-at-my-desk or quick take out daily lunch, but it's not somewhere I would choose to go more than once, except maybe for a nice chat over tea.  $26 for tea, lunch special, and dessert was a tad bit much for lunch, in my opinion.
Cute tea house the tea service and selection are good. Great spot for tea lovers like me. You can relax drink tea, read or have a nice conversation with whoever you are with. They also have a lot of books. They sell tea and accessories too. If you are a tea lover you will like this place.
Charming and sophisticated dining. The food and ambiance are wonderful. I was very happy to see non Chinese patrons in the restaurant as well. The portions were just right for a couple to have enough to enjoy each plate. My wife and I ordered 2 salads to share, the king mushroom salad and the shrimp salad and they were just perfect. The avocado served with the shrimp salad gave the dish the needed richness and took the dish to next level. The king mushroom was prepared with seasoning that helped achieve umami. It was a mushroom salad but had a "meaty" taste. I forgot, it is a tea house after all. We ordered the Phoenix and aged oolongs to compare tastes for my father who loves oolong teas. The aged oolong won out. There is a tremendous selection at this tea house ranging from fragrant to strong to herbal and sweet. A little for everyone's tastes. We ended up buying some loose leaf for my dad. By the way, the tea house serves these incredible biscuits the likes I have not seen in a long long time (35 years since my childhood). They are multiple layered biscuits that accentuate the tea but not in the Western sense where most tea biscuits are either a little buttery or sweet. These biscuits remind me of when I was a youth and would occasionally sneak into the den where tea was to be served and walked off with a few of those exquisite cookies. They lack sweetness or butter but they are perfect for tea!Now, back to the entrees and dessert.  We ordered the spicy beef casserole and the braised beef and mushroom. I ate the Szechuan casserole and my wife finished off the braised beef with mushrooms and baby bok choy. Capping the night off with an almond tofu was a delight. The ambiance was quiet enough to allow for a personal conversation using normal volumes. Happy dining!
Tourist Trap $14 for a small box white rice and teriyaki food was terribleNot that interested in writing more dont eat here.Go to joe shanghai or hells kitchen
Fabulous.  A sanctuary from midtown craziness.  Dumplings were multi-grain and I got the pork, chicken and beef assortment (2 each) plus a nice pot of tea.  Well done.
I would give 3.5 stars, but since I can't I'll just go with 3.It's a nice place to relax and have tea. Having said that, be prepared to wait. I think the whole "zen" thing is a bit overboard, when you have to wait 30 minutes to get your tea. Especially when there's not that many people in the restaurant.The tea was very tasty (I got the Sweet Dragon something) but a little on the pricey side I thought. $15 for a pot....is that normal? I can't tell anymore b/c I haven't been to many tea places lately.The mochi are delicious although more on the bite-size portion. The red bean, taro, and black sesame are my fav.The guy serving us was very helpful and nice, so definite points for that. Also if you are paying with credit card, you have to write down the tip before they swipe, otherwise prepare to have cash on hand.
This place was cute, but it's a bit expensive considering it's small portion sizes. I got the Royal Chrysanthemum tea which was okay. It's cute that it came in a clear tea pot though. I also tried the egg custard. Good, but tiny for $6. I then had sticky rice with pork. Again, good, but $8 is expensive for the small size. Then I also tried the wonton soup. This was good. Probably full of MSG though. Tried the soup dumplings. Not very good...The skin was too thick, and there was barely any soup inside. Tried the edamame. No salt on them, but still tasted flavorful. Probably won't come back here, unless it's to get one of their special lunch box deals.
Excellent tranquil find in heart of Manhattan.As a frequent traveller to China, the dumplings are excellent!!Good value.
i like this place b/c its a cute mix of bookstore/restaurant/tea shop. i really like that they had a very extensive menu of teas. from warm to cold. one of the first tea places that ive seen that served rooibo tea (orig fr s. africa)!however, their food was quite disappointing. especially when chinatwon is right around the corner and yet, they're still charging this much for mediocre food!! we got the pork&vegetable and soupy pork buns. also got the shrimp and avocado rice bowl. def not worth the $14. the dumpligs might be worth the $8-9.50 but you can get cheaper better ones in chinatown. i gues you're pay for the ambiance and the better, cleaner seating?
This place is clearly designed to get you on the Zen path.You will learn to forgo worldly desires like "service" and "food."  You will forget banal notions like "time."  You will not be served.After sitting for 15 or 20 minutes without once being approached or noticed by a member of the staff, we realized that this must be the intention.About 23 minutes in, we reached Nirvana.  Then we left.(Since you'll pay only in time, you can't beat the price.)
Before opening door to this place, I saw a sign that read "we're 'liked' on Yelp."  I then became fully confident that this would be a positive experience, and it was.  I met a work colleague for lunch, and we shared steamed chicken and pork dumplings. Also, I had the gyokuro tea.  I received a personal pot of tea for about $10, so I thought that was generous (please double check the price for I was not the one paying).  Their selection of teas was extensive, and their lunch menu was extensive enough.  They even had a cute "reading section" that reminded me of the children's section of a library.  I thought they tried to create an inviting space in the middle of "Midtown madness."  I would highly recommend this place!
We had the homemade miso soup which was good, but not that much better than store bought so homemade doesn't seem to made it significantly better. We also had the chicken and woodear dumplings which were tasty.I had the Rose Mint Elixir Tea from the wellness menu which remind me of thai with the lemongrass but as very enjoyable.  My fiance had Ceylon Uva which seems to be the tea that all Chinese restaurants serve as the house tea.The waiter we had was very enthusiastic and the atmosphere was enjoyable.  I would like to go here again next time we are in NYC.
Whether you're looking for a light snack, a zen-filled place to read or a relax, a location for your second date, or especially are a tea connoisseur then Radiance has it all. This new and best-kept secret tea palace will leave you with a smooth sweet finish. The staff here is extremely knowledgeable, kind, enthusiastic, and just a delight to interact with. TRUE tea in its TRUEST form. They're micro-brewed cold teas (no ice!) are excellent! The Salmon Roll is fully cooked, includes ripe mango for a sweet-savory delight, uses mochi-like rice flour to wrap instead of seaweed, and a delicious peanut buttery sauce to dip. My only disappointment was the Edamame... over-cooked! :o( For something so difficult to destroy, it was slimy, discolored, and difficult to deshell. But Radiance has too much going for them to allow this tiny mishap to stain this magnificent experience. Come for some real tea, from wonderful people, disconnect your mind, or connect your laptop to their free wi-fi.P.S. I'll be coming back to check out their tea-tastings!
Overpriced. I understand that Midtown rent is probably really high. But, they need to upgrade quality to meet the price they are charging.(The service was excellent though; which I think everyone agrees.)
Bought an online deal awhile back, Afternoon Tea for 2 for $45. Awesome deal considering the normal rate is $55/person. Came with a girlfriend on a Saturday afternoon and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. The service was fantastic (even beforehand when we were stuck in traffic and called twice to push our reservation back). Our waiter was very friendly, patient with our questions and demonstrated a clear, robust understanding of the huge tea assortment they offered.We each enjoyed a pot of tea, carefully brewed, and an assortment of beautifully presented savory and sweet goodies. I'd much rather try a sampling of a dozen small things than one large entree, so this was perfect for me. Favorite savory: green tea soba noodlesFavorite sweet: tie between the almond tofu and grapefruit agar (and I don't even like grapefruit!!).Am taking off a star for the prices. My expectations would have been a lot higher had I paid full price. You could have afternoon tea at the Plaza for less than $50, so $55 here is pretty steep. If you can find a deal though, would likely be worth it.
Excellant ! Best dumplings i have had ... try the dumpling box where you can choose 2 different type of dumplings and it comes along with salad and cold edamame .... its got consistently good food ! 5/5
We went here before a show at Radio City last night, and it was phenomenal! The ambiance is great - and the place works like a well-oiled machine. The tea selection is fantastic, and the food was superb. We were pleasantly surprised to see that they had pork soup dumplings on the menu, and they were heavenly! The egg custard was also really good. My husband ordered eel over rice, and I had the radiance salad. Both were great. This is a nice place to relax, and it has a lot of healthy options. They also have tea tastings and high tea. It was a great find, and we'll definitely be back.
I was finishing up my MoMa visit, and fired up Yelp to find a place for a light lunch. This place came up, had great reviews, and was a short walk away.Have to say, it was a wonderful moment of happiness to be there. I know it sounds cheesy, but from the moment I walked in until I left, I just kept thinking to myself, "I'm so freakin' happy and relaxed right now." I enjoy good tea, and they had an extensive menu. Got a pot of rare white tea and some tasty, fresh dumplings, and just chilled out after hours of walking around and absorbing art. The environment is wonderful: relaxing music is always on, ambience is warm, staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Highest recommendation.
Great place. Ate here during the week between Christmas and New Years when the city is a zoo. Every place was jammed, but Radiance allowed us to relax and enjoy our tea and dumplings in a warm, serene environment. The food is very good (we had the dumpling sampler) and the teas were excellent. The service is very friendly and helpful, but there is no emphasis on rushing orders - which suits the environment - but don't expect to rush in and rush out.  We weren't there to rush. Really a great place to come and enjoy a relaxing lunch just off the beaten path.  I would definitely come back here again.  Food: 3Service: 4Decor: 3Ambience: 4Overall 4
was in ny for a week and this was the best thing i ate the whole time i was there.i had a groupon deal and it was sooo worth it; i wanna say i almost feel bad cuz it was too cheap!the afternoon tea is amazing.  they give 2 large pitchers of 2 different teas u pick and a 2 large platters for meal tasting and dessert tasting.  it was a great, relaxing break from my busy schedule.when i'm back in ny, i am definitely stopping by here again!
Recovering from a trip to the MoMA, my friend and I were looking for:a) a cup of teab) lunch andc) a place with free wifi because I had a skype meeting coming up.Thanks to Yelp, we discovered this fantastic place just a few blocks away. The decor is lovely and soothing, they have about one million different kinds of tea, and the wifi is indeed free. I was suffering from the beginnings of a cold and they recommended me a wonderful tea with chrysanthemum and ginger that really helped. The salmon salad was delicious, as was the rice box, full of unusual little treats. Service was fantastic: they will take their time helping you to find exactly the right tea. Definitely a wonderful find, restorative, and unique.
I came here with family in September 2011 using a coupon from groupon.com. The package came with tea and foods. There are many options of tea to choose from. But the tea menu is a separate one from the main menu. Given that we used a coupon from Groupon, tea choices are limited but still quite a lot. Foods are good but a bit too much and hence we have to pack it to go.
A nice place to have a calming lunch or an afternoon snack. Lunch box deals are pretty good, and the afternoon tea tasting sets are pretty food too. Dumpling set was good for the price, but I've had better dumplings. I think the tea made up for it, tho.
Wonderful teas, delicious appetizers, cold noodles, and desserts. A small bookstore on the side adds to the serene and relaxing atmosphere this space has to offer.I came in with a close friend during dinner hours, and there's two places that you can be seated. If you are here to only drink tea, you will be seated at a smaller table, but next to very soothing decors and tea pots. We came to have some dinner as well, so we were seated at the larger tables (yay!). We had some spicy cold noodles, which is absolutely delicious. We then moved on to some chicken teriyaki dumplings, which is decent. We had some royal chrysanthemum tea, which was very soothing. It has a bit of sweetness, and boldness in its taste.  For dessert, we both went with the ice cream sundae (mine was a scoop of Green Tea, Mango, and Strawberry ice cream with toasted nuts, pieces of mochi, and bits of red bean). The dessert was phenomenal! They went as far as to incorporate pieces of mango in the ice cream, which is a plus. I've never had thus much fun and enjoyment eating a dessert thus far in my life. Big props to them!And...the waiters were awesome and very helpful! I totally recommend Dan to be your waiter, for he is the tea enthusiast! A rare trait I find in people nowadays :)The prices for food is a tad expensive for its relatively small serving size (but the dessert is well worth its worth!), but I will definitely come back here again!
Quiet oasis in midtown. Oder international business crowd rather than tourists.   For N Yorkers, the clients here seemed much more health conscious than average .  Felt like I am in a modern Shanghai cafe -- with good tea and great little dishes.   Dumplings were good -- not great, but delightful.   A good meeting place to spend some time with friends.
I love this place!  The serene atmosphere coupled with the beautiful and exotic teas are the perfect combination.
I went here for lunch with my friend Louise P. and it was really cute.  We were bummed to see that we couldn't get a cup of tea for less than $15 (so we stuck with water), but we shared a few different things to eat and they were yummy.  My favorite was definitely the chicken teriyaki dumplings - they were the most different from regular dumplings and had a little kick.
Wow, what can i say, this place is incredible! Tea enthusiasts and all people will enjoy the vast selection of teas including blends, herbal teas, iced teas, etc. Service was fantastic, our server Dan was one of the friendliest, most enthusiastic servers i've ever had! Some people say the service was slow but I didn't think so at all. However, teas take time to brew and other items may take time to prepare, so plan accordingly. The atmosphere was relaxing and comfortable.As for the food... AMAZING. I'd recommend the Soupy Pork Dumplings and Lobster Rice Balls, delicious! The salmon was also great (we had a salmon rice bowl).It was hard to choose from the number of dessert choices. The sesame ice cream is awesome (and homemade). It has a coffee flavor at first with a sweet, nutty kick at the end. I definitely recommend the Steamed Coconut Black Rice Bamboo. It's a fun and absolutely delicious dessert for two.You can't go wrong with this place =]
This is a really nice place. I enjoyed the teas, drinks, and food here. It tasted very fresh and had great healthy options. However, I do think it's a little too pricey for what they offer. The food was great, but you can find cheaper dumplings and noodles around nyc. They did have a great selection of teas. I am not much of a tea person, but I really enjoyed the flavors. The staff is friendly and they know a lot about different teas!
Hands down the best iced tea in new york although the caffeinated ones will surely keep you up all night :)
Quite good food but portions are small and don't take the other comments about price lightly.
I shared a pot of tea and basket of soupy dumplings with a friend I hadn't seen in years; it was perfect. Attentive service, calming atmosphere, totally tasty food. Highly recommended!
Such a cute place...I could sit in here for hours drinking tea and reading on my iPad...super friendly service...cute decor...definitely a must have for students looking for a place other than Starbucks to get some work done!
Not quite as relaxing as being transported to Junshan Island. . . . . . but close. A warm golden glow from the lamps and a myriad of teas to chose from.  For around $40. I chose the big bold oolong which came in a charming one person Chinese pot painted with a fierce dragon! The dumplings were lovely and the tea cookie made from Earl grey or ginger or lemon were a nice finish. I arrived at 11:30 on a Sunday and had the whole place to myself for 30 minutes. . . . . . . . bliss
It's great place to relax and enjoy tea and food. I had Sun brunch with my friends there. We all enjoyed very much and like to go back again. The only negative comment I have is our server. I told him I will wait after meal to order my tea and he came to ask few times if I am ready to order tea. He made me feel I have to make my mind and order right the way. Other than that, it was great experience.
I'm a tea-aholic and thought I knew a lot about tea.  But when I participated in the Tuesday evening tea tasting hour, our instructor really impressed me with his knowledge of tea and tea history.  It was an hour-long session, and we sampled five different teas.They have several different menus for the tasting session, and we chose the herbal and scented teas.  The loose-leaf tea was exceptional, and brewed to perfection.  The instructor, Ben, poured a sample of each tea, then explained how it was made, how to brew it, and how it was similar to or different from other types of teas.My friend (a tea novice) and I both asked a lot of questions, and Ben knew the answer to everything.  His knowledge of and respect for tea was amazing.The session included small mochi treats.  Their subtle rice flavors complimented the tea perfectly.  We never felt rushed and I was actually a little sad to see the hour end.  It felt like we'd been talking to a friend instead of a tea house employee.The decor is lovely, and they even have books and tea sets for sale, accompanied by a decent-sized seating area for browsing while waiting for your table.  I arrived early for the tasting session, and a waiter showed me to the seating area and offered to get me a glass of water.  The atmosphere and service reminded me more of a spa than a restaurant.  The entire experience was beautifully Zen, yet also completely accessible to Western sensibilities and palates.I discovered Radiance through an offer on groupon.com, so we paid only $7 per person.  Even at the regular price of $15 per person, it's a fantastic deal for the equivalent of 4-5 cups of tea, a few treats, and an advanced class in the history of tea.We didn't stay for dinner, but during our session (6:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.), the restaurant filled to capacity for dinner.  I plan to visit Radiance every time I'm in the neighborhood.  Overall, it was a flawless experience and a lovely way to spend a calm, friendly hour in the middle of a frenetic city.
A moment of zen in the midst of midtown. I wandered into this place and adored it immediately. They made me a special vegetarian bento box and could talk for hours about tea (don't worry, you don't have to hear it unless you go to a tea tasting or choose to ask questions.) I had a long convo with one of the owners who was a down to earth guy who came to NYC for other reasons but found his calling in the art of this tea house. It's a beautiful place to stop and refresh. I'd go here more for the ambiance and beverages than the food.
I lived in Taiwan for a time. A part of me feels like it will always be home. I am very pleased to have had the opportunity to return, even if in spirit. The Taiwan High Mountain Tea was as I remembered it.
First, the tea selection and quality is amazing. I shared a pot of ginger peach black tea with a girlfriend which did not disappoint. Second, the service was spot on with just the right blend of attentive but not overbearing wait staff. I wasn't a big fan of the ambiance however. On the left is a book/pottery/wellness store and on the right is the tea shop with seating. It was a little like being in the cafe at an Asian Barnes and Noble - an image that grew stronger as the place became more crowded.
On the high side (price), but good steamed dumplings.  Clean and friendly too.
Yep, Radiance is definitely getting more and more crowded. Not that there's anything they can do about it (I guess only letting me in is not an option), but the increased noise definitely affects what used to be a very quiet, peaceful vibe.
Back in one of my favorite cities again...and couldn't miss out on some incredible dumplings and tea! This is without a doubt one of my favorite places in the city. Brought my husband and kids this time...my teenage son said: "I would move here for this place." Oh yeah...
I love love this place.  Has the best ice tea ever!  We tried the bento box, the dumplings were excellent, and the eel was tender and sweet.  But the tea was amazing.  We had the summer passion ice tea (I think).  It had slices of mango, bits of blueberries, and cuts of strawberries in it.  It was the right bit of sweet, not too sweet, and yet so flavorful and did not leave a tartness in my mouth afterwards.  I wish there was one in Virginia.  I'd go everyday for lunch!  I bought some rose bud tea and can't wait to try them.
A very comfortable places to hang out with friends and enjoy some quality tea! The food is really so so...
Loved the veggie dumplings. Great selection of teas!
This is a great find in the 50ths. The ambience is lovely; diners tend to be quiet; and the food -- mostly dumplings and light Asian entrees is both delicious and well-priced for lunch.
What an incredible stop in midtown, where most coffee places don't even have seats. I came here with my wife and enjoyed some delicious tea and some small snacks. I was wanting something savory so I tried some soup dumplings, which were pretty good although the aspic hadn't completely dissolved in some of them. Finishing with a plate of very delicious mochi more than made up for any flaws in the dumplings. Even better was the atmosphere, which was very relaxed and our service, which was essentially hassle-free. Prices were reasonable, especially for midtown. Highly recommended.
Tea was great! Dimsums and dumplings were great as well. Will def revisit.
I went to a tea tasting here during the week.  The staff was friendly and really enthusiastic, the place was nice and quiet, and it was interesting.  Plus, I got to try Mochi for the first time which is pretty damn good I might add! Definitely a good time and the tea tasting was a great, inexpensive after work activity.  I'd give it 4.5.
The tea was excellent, and the dumplings were pretty good, but the desert and service were terribly lacking.  I am shocked this place gets such good reviews. We were almost ready to walk out on them in the end because our waiter never checked in on us, forgot one of the orders, and never even gave us napkins throughout the entire meal. We barely even got utensils to eat with.
A good price for a lot of food. I've only ever gotten the dumpling lunch here--most;y because it's so good that I don't care about branching out! The chicken and veggie dumplings, the pork dumplings, the chicken terryaki dumplings...all of them are great. Sometimes the service is a little slow (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars).
Was looking for a place to have a light lunch near the Hilton before a busy day of traveling around Manhattan and found this place on Yelp. Was extremely surprised at the atmosphere when I walked in - extremely calm and quiet with people sitting around lightly chatting over tea or studying. The menu offered a small assortment of healthy and light dishes - I ordered the mixed dumplings and the daily pot of tea. The tea was definitely high quality made from whole tea leaves (not the cheap pouches you'd buy at the market) and when the food came the portions were smaller then I'd expected (5 chicken dumplings, 5 pork dumplings and a small salad) but the food was delicious non the less - especially the pork dumplings which was one of the best dumplings I've ever had (and I've had a lot of dumplings).If I lived around the area and had time to spare this would be the perfect place to just sit around with a laptop, order some tea, and enjoy the free wifi.
Wow, just wow - dumplings, dishes and tea were all out of this world.  Best meal of the week....
Very odd sorta thing to have in midtown, but definitely cool.  Was attracted to here mainly due to the free wifi, but actually very impressed by the food.  Had some really good rice balls there..spicy tuna, lobster, tuna mayo..all were delicious.  Also really liked the ice cream mochi stuff.  Tea selection was pretty extensive, and what me and my friend ended up having (rose tea?) was pretty good.  Service was really good.  The guy was really polite and made sure we were taken care of.  No one rushed us out, even though we stayed obliviously past the closing time.  Very nice.  Pricewise, everything's a bit pricey, but not too bad I guess for this section of town.  Decor, I'm a little torn on.  It's borderline kitchy, with the peaceful Asianey music and sort of Asianey decor..almost like what a romanticized idea of what an Asian teahouse is like.   But it's alright.  I'll come back when next I need to study in the area.
A gem of a find for lunch in midtown!  The tea selection is amazing.  Atmosphere is very serene and unexpected for midtown west.  I had the chicken teriyaki dumplings and the soup dumplings - not the best in the world, but still pretty good and at a good price in a bento box.  Very friendly service.  I would definitely come back here for lunch hour or for tea.
I have been here half a dozen times and each experience has been great.First of all, the wait staff are so friendly and attentive. They are efficient and don't go disappearing on you. The ambiance of the place is also great.The soup dumplings are delicious! The best that I've had in Manhattan so far (yes, I think they are better than Joe's Shanghai). Their spicy noodles are good too.They are a little pricey but well worth it.
This is an oasis of civilized calm in area not known for such things.  And, if you have plans at standing in one of those crazy lines for free Friday nights at MoMA, you'd best decompress here first (and, considering that lines for MoMA often reach around 54th, you won't be far from the end of the line anyway).  They are also open relatively late. It's what I imagine an upscale version of the Zaiya upstairs at Kinokuniya would be like.  Or, if there was a Zaiya in the spa area of a posh hotel, it would be like this.  I wish I could come here, put on a plushy robe and some slippers, and relax with tea and a light lunch.  There are multiple tea menus, and most of the staff seems pretty capable of answering your tea-related questions.  None of the tea options are cheap, but considering the quality, presentation, and generous sizes, it's not a bad deal.  Iced drinks come with bendy straws, and I do love bendy straws, so they get points just for that.  (Sometimes, I am very easy to please).The lunch specials are delightful (all for $9.95-11.95, all including edamame and a sad little salad), and are a perfect amount of food on a ridiculously hot summer day when you don't want to eat a lot.  In other words, you'll be satisfied but not stuffed, but I tend to want dessert a few hours later.  The cold noodles with chicken are my new favorite-- it's the most substantial option, pleasantly spiced, and great comfort food. The shrimp and avocado over rice, with creamy miso, also makes for a tasty, light lunch: it's 6 or so butterflied shrimp with slices of avocado on a bed of rice. They've got rice balls-- comparable in size and quality to oms/b-- and are beautifully presented.  The special is 3 for $9.95, with rice and edamame.  I wish, though, that you could get single rice balls; I'd add one onto my order of cold noodles in an instant. Including tax and tip, a lunch special and an iced tea will set you back almost $20.  Radiance isn't the cheapest option out there, but it's a nice treat.  I'd rather spend the money here than at Pain Quotidien.
I can't say there's anything wrong with this tea house! At first, one may be a little wary when they see a seemingly small tea house on 55th St. However, once you go in, you see how classy and pleasant the tea house is. It's classy, and yet unbelievably well priced. The moment I walked in, the owner greeted me and offered me a seat by the window. The service was neither rushed nor too slow. Even though I stayed there, reading a book for nearly 2 hours, they were very patient with me, happy to have me around, and came back to ask me if i need more ice with my oolong tea or anything else. They never even rushed to give me a check. At the same time, they didn't stalk me or make me feel smothered. In short: THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. There's a reason the majority of us have given Radiance 5 stars.
Great place to make a stop and enjoy a relaxing tea in a quiet and zen atmosphere. I went there on a Sunday afternoon around 3pm, and I really needed to take a break after a long walk across Manhattan. The waiter gave me a seat very quickly and showed the menus. First I was really confused by the 4 menus I got to read, one read Brunch, the other traditional teas and another specials, etc. Way too many information for a first timer... Since I came in for the traditional yet expensive tea, I selected the Silver needles. Good choice, I am big tea drinker and these leaves were top-A-grade quality, a delight. I tried the snacks and the dumplings, really really good. To anybody I would recommend, but beware, it was a shock when I received the bill. This place has great teas and snacks, it be quite tasty and enlightening but at the end of the day, it made a hole in my wallet. I would recommend to try the teas with a friend, but that's really it.
Soupy pork dumplings will change your life.  I myself have changed several lives by sharing these amazing, unique, one-of-a-kind dumplings. AMAZING!!  The house-made (from scratch) miso soup is also incredible, as are all of the teas I have tried. I have been a regular at Radiance for over a year and look forward to many more dumpling lunches to come :)
4 stars for the tea and atmosphere. It's relaxing and I love that it also sells books. The food was just okay though. Decent prices for midtown but it's hard to beat the dim sum in Chinatown. The service was pretty slow too--my food came 20 minutes after my friend's and I had to find the waiter to ask for our check after waiting around a half hour (we were one of 4 tables occupied). The tea was delicious though. I had lychee iced tea which really hit the spot on a hot day. And overall it was a relaxing place.
Midtown is the corporate office park of Manhattan and I feel like a foreigner in a foreign land whenever I venture north of Chelsea. Luckily my friend showed me the secret passageway to Radiance. It's a calm place to read, study or catch up with a friend before 5pm. The salmon salad is a personal favorite as well a the sweet iced tea and homemade dumplings.
Very good food!  Dumplings, salads, side dishes, steamed egg custard, tea... everything they make is very yummy.  Everything taste fresh and light and not overly salted or flavored.  I go here for lunch at least once a week since last year.
The ambiance is the main reason to return to this cute little teahouse - it's a nice place to relax and chat with a friend, and it's well-lit to either read or work. All of the food we had (lemon ginger tea, steamed tofu, wontons, vegetarian dumplings, and almond tofu) was lovely, if slightly overpriced... and I also thought the menu was a tad confusing to order from. And the list of teas is tremendous! They do a wonderful job of brewing their teas.  The only thing I *wouldn't* recommend is the green tea scone -- it was quite ordinary and didn't taste of green tea at all. I'd definitely go back if I'm in the area (like if I'm buying licorice at the fabulous Myzel Chocolates!), but I probably wouldn't make a special trip just to come.
What a lovely place this is - everyone who works here is so sweet and friendly. I came here today and felt like I was part of a family, minus the passive aggressiveness/years of festering resentment/constant bickering. I tried the Eastern Maiden(?) tea, it was very fragrant and flavorful but slightly astringent. In some tea houses they discard the first draw as the flavor is coarser than in subsequent draws. I wish they'd do that here because I'd feel too guilty to ask them to throw out part of a $7 pot of tea. They really give you a lot of leaves though, probably enough for 2-3 pots. Maybe next time I'll go for the $2 upgrade to a better quality tea that they have. $9 for a pot of tea may seem like a lot, but you can sit as long as you like and the decor and ambience are very pleasant.The dumplings are great. I'm not sure if they're homemade (the skins at least don't seem to be) but they're a million times better than the frozen ones you get at supermarkets. Salad and edamame were also very fresh and tasty. The food is really cheap for what you get. This is conducive to achieving inner peace by offsetting the cost of the tea.
pork dumplings are amazing. great tea selection, expertly prepared and served. lunch prices quite reasonable. i like this spot
This is place is great.  It is on 55th street, near 7th avenue which is a very busy, frustrating area, but this place is so peaceful you forget about what's outside.  It helps that you can't hear anything from outside - they must have soundproof windows.  The tea is great, the service is great, and the atmosphere/decor is amazing.I would recommend this place for anyone looking to work (free wifi), or wants to enjoy a conversation with someone over a nice cup of asian tea.
This Chinese teahouse is a good place to have a cup of tea, but the food is no good. I doubt they even has a kitchen there.Everything we had was awful. They have no idea how to cook soup dumplings. The dumpling skin was way too thick and you are not supposed to put green onion in the stuff. When chinese put greeen onion in a meat stuff, it only means the meat is no good and it needs green onion to cover it. The dumpling actually tasted like microwave frozen food. Unagi and Shirm Avocado Rice also tasted like microwave food. The Rice balls are just jokes. Chinese don't make rice balls and any Japanese supermarkets can provide much better rice balls than those. They made some twistes on their food, but it only can trick people who don't know good Chinese or Japanese food. The environment and service was good, however.
What a fantastically unique experience, and how delightfully surprising to find it buried in the hustle and bustle of midtown. From the moment I sat down (after a 10 minute wait for a table for two for lunch on a Friday at around 1:30) and started looking at the menu, I decided I would be back. A little premature, I suppose, but the my prediction was born out as we sampled the delicious teas and then shared the cutest (if they can be so described) and most delicious mochi I've ever had. I went for the aged pu'er tea, which had a great earthy odor and flavor, and had the dumpling box lunch (chicken wood-ear mushroom dumplings and soupy pork buns). Each type of dumpling came with its own sauce, and each was delicious. Picking our 5 mochi flavors for dessert was almost as fun as eating them, and they thoughtfully cut each one in half so we could each try every flavor. While I could have done without the end-of-meal pitch for the upcoming chinese cultural show at radio city, and while the waiter absent-mindedly tried to take my friend's bento box away while she was mid-bite into a rice ball, I did enjoy the experience, the pristine surroundings (including the impeccable bathroom) and definitely plan to return.
upscale but laid back tea house with an exquisite selection of tea and asian food. it's pricy but worth it.
This place was fantastic.  I got the afternoon tea package special for me and one other person.  The total bill came out to be about a hundred bucks for two people, and it was worth every single penny.  I learned about various kinds of teas (waiters are patient and helpful), enjoyed several courses of delicious and unique food (very light yet filling) and had an amazing chocolate cookie with ice cream desert at the end.  The space is gorgeous (kudos to the interior designer) and you can really enjoy unwinding with some nice tea over a nice conversation.
The husband of one of my BFFs is a major tea drinker, so for his birthday she organized a tea tasting party at Radiance.  What a lovely event it was!  We got to try 5 different teas, each of those in two different steepings (yes, you drink a LOT of tea! and you'd be surprised how different they can be the 2nd time around), and some interesting little noshes.  Haven't eaten here (we'd opted to go elsewhere for brunch following), but I plan to go back and try the food as well.  If you are looking for an interesting way to pass some time with friends (who like tea, or are open to the idea), I highly recommend Radiance.  The ambiance and the staff are wonderful!
VERY DISAPPOINTED.We waited for more than 30 minutes for the food to come. Then we were in shock to find out the shrimp rice bowl was, for lack of better description, very shrimpy in the sense that the box measured about 3.5"X4" (and it was ridiculously overpriced for the amount of the food you get.) The salmon rice bowl did not fare well neither. Unless you are in serious diet, the small portion totally does not justify its price. Dumplings are mediocre. Tea selections are ok, but again, for $18 a pot you could find better choice in other places. The chef really need to work harder on the quality of food.
I have not yet experienced their tea ceremony but I love how relaxing this place is.  The place has an extraordinary selection of teas.  The food is your standard Asian fare.  The staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  If you're overwhelmed by the menu, definitely ask questions.  The place isn't too big so I'd recommend making reservations as it can get crowded pretty quickly.
A gem in midtown!! Perfect place to get a relaxing lunch. Ambience is great and the second you walk in all the noise from NYC seems to disappear. Highly recommended!!
Very relaxing; friendly service; good bang for the buck.  Food was delightful. A good find in the middle of the City!
This place is a true gem.  Go here the next time you want tea.  Radiance is to tea the way Belgium is to beer- you never realized how good it could be till you went to the experts.  The folks here know their stuff and will introduce you to a whole new world.  And while you're sipping on imported stuff flown in that very day from China, try the food too, because it's really tasty.  Slightly on the expensive side (no cheap Chinese here) but worth every penny.  In the madness of midtown, step into this little oasis and enjoy!
Randomly came across this little place during my trip to NY and I'm so glad!  This lounge type area has so many teas available it took me several minutes to finally narrow it down to Purity (there was hibiscus and some other ingredients in it but I can't remember.)  My bf and I also shared the mini mochi plate, which was adorable!  It may not have been worth the price since I think the regular sized Mochi Platter was around the same price and it was 5 times bigger than the mini mochi.  Anyway, this place was pretty crowded throughout the whole time we sipped our tea and ate our mochi and I definitely wish I could come back and hang out here more....but sadly I'm not anywhere near Manhatten : (
It is true that the wait staff is kind and very resourceful.  We ordered the dumplings and they were very bland, and the soup dumplings had no soup.  Very nice atmosphere.  However, I found it very overpriced.  $6 for a pot of tea?  Really?  If you don't mind paying that much, then it's fine.  But going once was enough for me.
Had a lovely lunch at Radiance.  I love this place sooo much.  I had the chance to go there today and had 2 of my favorites - Homemade miso soup (yum) and Chinese egg custard (with is one of my favorite dishes ever).  I decided I had to tr something new - so I had the agar and tofu dessert sampler. 3 mini desserts presented elegantly in small stemmed glasses on a long white plate. Mango agar with Thai basil seeds, almond tofu with strawberry sauce and purple yam agar with almond milk. I am a fan of strong flavors and big food ... but these small dishes of delicately flavored food are heavenly.
God bless you, Yelpers. I desperately needed a place to chill, relax and rejuvenate after a long day walking around NYC with a whiney 8 year old. Trusting the Yorce (Yelp Force), I made an out of the way hike to find it. Just sitting down and absorbing the Zen-like quality of the place had me feeling better within five minutes. Like other Yelpers have mentioned, the staff is extremely friendly and enthusiastic about tea, which is awesome. The pork dumplings are the best we've ever had. Highest recommendation.
Radiance is tucked away on a street in midtown that has been in dire need of a warm, comfortable space that serves up delicious food and nourishing tea. Radiance is all of this and then some. A wonderfullly kind, knowledgable staff. I felt like a queen eating there. And you must stop by their book and tea accessory boutique. Despite the rain and cold outside, I left Radiance with a warm happy, glow that lasted through the weekend!
This is a cute little spot in Midtown West for lunch or brunch. My friend and I both ordered the dumpling box, which was delicious and filling. I especially liked the veggie tofu dumplings. We also got the shrimp wonton soup, which was perfect to share. Unfortunately, we didn't try the teas. However, the list looked diverse and tasty. It's a tad pricey for just your average weekday lunch, but it's perfect for a meet-up with friends. I will definitely go back!
Lora C is right on- not a fancy romantic place, not a place if you're in a rush or starving.  However, if you're meeting a friend for sunday dinner and to catch up, like I was, this place fits the bill.  The food is yummy, the service fantastic and the tea menu extensive.  What a great find in the chaos of Midtown- I will definitely be back to try more dishes.  We had the salmon balls, spicy noodles and avocado shrimp rolls and everything was delicious and filling!  We were there well past their closing time and did not feel rushed at all, something I very much appreciate!
(3-4 stars)i'm home and looking up recipes for the chocolate earl grey cookie because that little smidgeon of a piece of my friend's that i had was really soft and chewy and had great flavor. now i'm longing for one of my own..the teas are really quite good. i was going to order the "eastern journey" iced tea if not for any other reason than the name, but the waiter suggested that i try a secret iced tea "that the threw together but tastes really good" last minute. despite the fact that it was advertised kind of like a chop suey of teas ("something we threw together!" i'm sure they meant it in a "recently invented" sense and not a "leftovers from which we concocted this" sense.), it was actually very good with a fruity taste and aromatic lingering floral end.my friend ordered a chai latte, and it was quite a sufficient amount. and good!i also had the sesame noodles which were alright, as advertised. the sauce was not too heavy, which was nice. one of my friends had the salmon summer rolls, which i thought was simply okay and not really praise-worthy, but my friends seemed to like it a lot.the chawanmushi (steamed egg) was pretty good, too. i think they did a good job not overdoing it with the seafoodiness of the taste. but the texture and temperature was good. i wish there was a gingko nut, as i think of the nut as a maraschino in a cocktail.. not necessary but somehow adds the cocktail-ness or in this case "chawanmushi-ness" to it. (it's somehow nonessential, yet just tops it off nicely). but, still, major props for having it on the menu as it's not really run of the mill fare.i also had the grapefruit agar dessert.. i accidentally ordered that when i really meant to order the apple agar dessert. it was alright, a bit on the bitter side, but the waiter told me that was due to a slightly different batch made. (they tried making a batch with less rock sugar.. i told them they should probably go for more rock sugar as per usual rather than sticking to this different batch.) i was really full by then so i wouldn't mind trying the dessert again when less full to get a better idea of it.the place is charming in its own ways, despite being a bit odd in its random asian things (books, clothes?). and the service is really great-- the waiter was very friendly. (the hostess was incredibly smiley, but in a genuine sort of way-- it was kind of jarring to see someone so outwardly amiable.)i give it three stars (well, bordering 4) b/c i didn't find the food spectacular, but decent and not objectionable. the teas are good, though, understandably. and the service and the whole package (with cute wicker baskets for the receipts) make it a fun and worthy experience.
I've been here a couple of times. Once as a desperate "oh god we forgot to eat and are having dinner in two hours and are exhausted" scramble with some out of town friends, and once as a nice relaxed lunch to catch up with my sister.Both time were absolutely lovely.The tea is delicious, the service is friendly, and I just cannot get enough of those soup dumplings.The only thing I would say is make sure you have a bit of time. This is not an experience you would want to rush through.
pork buns were great.  took forever to get served, but it's great place especially for something like this around midtown
My favorite part of this location is the serenity. There aren't many restaurants in Manhattan that are as quiet and peaceful as Radiance. The food is decent, and the tea is fine. I like the atmosphere the best.
Beautiful, spacious and soothing interior.   Went there after lunch at Ma Peche, and regretted eating there.  The food menu looked wonderful.Instead we had two pots of tea and some dessert.  The tea got a little bitter on the third cup, but was very fragrant.  My dessert was the favorite.  Fresh homemade vanilla ice cream with earl grey chocolate chip cookie baked in a ramikin.  Scoop after scoop of warm, soft cookie for the most part.  My friend had the mochi assortment, which was wonderful too.  They are miniatures so not overpowering like the regular sizes might be.I like that the music was low and appropriate.  We did not have to shout to speak to each other.  I find it sad when for example Korean traditional restaurants have K pop blaring over the speakers, or an elegant Japanese sushi place is playing the billboard top 40.  Music to go along with the decor and cuisine is always a plus.The only complaint we had was it was freezing.  There seemed to be no heating yesterday at any of the indoor shops we visited.  The bathroom was the worst, as the windows were wide open.  It was a freezer.  By the time we left, we both felt a chill from sitting in the extreme draftiness that was the tea room.
Great off the street treasure! Up a flight of stairs, the restaurant and bookshop feels like a secret place but it is spacious and comfortable. The tea menu is of course huge and the wait staff is happy to make suggestions if you are looking to try something new.  It was a really peaceful place to enjoy a book and have a cup of tea. I definitely plan on going back for more teaventures and to try the food!
The ambiance is relaxing. I tried the dumplings for lunch and it was made with fresh ingredients. It tasted really good and the teas are just awesome. Its definitely worth the trip.
This is worth going out of your way to visit with friends or for a date, a real treat for those who like their tea, want more than three options and take seriously the experience of savoring it.  I hope it stays open because it's such an unusual place, but there are definitely ways it can be improved.  The service is excellent and the ginger milk tea is definitely worth ordering, but the food is only okay, they need a different buyer for their books (unless there happens to be an audience for such books?), and the teas are exorbitantly priced ($23 for a small bag?).  Please take this as constructive criticism.  I think there should be more places like this in the city.
The atmosphere is so relaxing and at the same time the crowd that goes there is high energy.. what a great place - a must go to if you have not tried it.. I love the dumplings and the salmon box and the mandarin white tea is my favorite.  I bought the 8 Treasure Tea box as a gift for a friends as it has such an great taste.
Went for lunch. Ordered the dumpling sampler box - chose vegetable and tofu dumplings. Came with edamame and a salad. Dumplings were delicious. Soft, light, and flavorful. Fast and friendly service.
Great value for money, relaxed spot midtown, very gentle staff. A must try.
Good: Selection of teas is amazing! They even have "diet teas" hahaBad: Some of their dessert menu is..not worth your money. We got the mochi smapler last time and they tasted like cheap gummy worms chopped into pieces.
Calming space, delicious healthy food.After an interesting visit to the Mad Museum on Columbus Circle we headed off down Broadway, the wrong way. Once I had spotted my mistake after 4 blocks, which makes me pretty stupid we mad a U-turn and headed to 55th between 6th and 7th and walked into the cool calm oasis that is the Radience Tea House and Books. Wonderful servers gave us an enthusiastic introduction into the teas and foods on offer. The food menu is nice and short. That always gives my confidence that what I'm about to eat is fresh. We ordered the Steamed dumpling lunch box and the shrimp and avocado lunch box. Both came with edamame beans which where much more seasoned that I've had them before and I really enjoyed the difference. The shrimp where steamed, as is all the food, and where perfectly cooked and the rice has a creamy miso sauce that was one of the nicest thing I've tasted in a long time. The steamed dumplings, I tried one of both types, were excellent. The flavours were a mixture of subtle and very distinct. The teas were delicious and the staff, Ben served us, were excellent, so helpful and genuine. If this hadn't been our last night in the city we would have been returning for dinner. And on Tues they have a Tea tasting evening that is $10, but if you have food after (spend more than $15) then is free. We cannot wait for the London Radiance Tea House!It was also excellent value.
All I can say is...WOW!  This place reminds me of my honeymoon in Japan.  Great ambiance, friendly service and great tea! Radiance has premium teas from various parts of Asia plus some delectable food to go with it.  Also, they have tea tastings and tea ceremonies to attend.  Plus, the tea spot is attached to a book store, so there are lots of goodies to take home. Next time you go, look for the waiter, Dan, who is really friendly and inviting.
This is a great find. Walking around NYC and need a great glass of ice tea to cool you down? How about a good sized and tasty salad / some cold noodles / soup dumplings? This is a great spot in mid town. We loved the food and the tea here. We will definately be back!
I can see why this place is so beloved.  So serene, so peaceful, I felt I might morph into a zen state just by walking in the door.  I think I expected the place to be less no-frills as far as the decor goes, but I really liked the atmosphere.  The waiter was super nice and also EXTREMELY knowledgeable about the food -- he went above and beyond to accommodate my vegan, soy-free, gluten-free friend.  Tres impressive.  I only had a little of the white peony tea, but the complimentary biscuits were awesome to nibble on and she really liked her umeboshi onigiri (pickled plum riceball) and summer rolls.  (3.5 stars)
I am very happy now.  I've just eaten yummy steamed dumplings for lunch, and am enjoying some really lovely tea and attentive service.  And free wireless!  Only caveat - tea can be $7!
Our daughter works across the street so decided to check it out for lunch. Delicious dumplings and salmon, icy iced tea on a hot day, great mellow vibe in a relaxed open space, and impeccable service.
Not at all what I expected. It feels just like a bookstore that serves food, not at all like a cafe (which is what I expected). The room is great and I loved the tables, but the lunch menu was a little underwhelming.  The waiter said they had great dumplings and noodle dishes. I only saw one noodle dish and it was cold. Also could have used an explanation of what a "rice ball" dish was. It's some sort of mutant combination of sushi and lobster salad. Turns out its fantastic. We got the dumplings, the rice balls, the unagi rice bowl and some sencha tea. All the food was fantastic, even the cheesy side salad with French dressing. Waiter was super nice and attentive.  The tea was probably the best thing on the table. Even though I'm a coffee person, I can appreciate a good cup of tea and this was a nice, subtle cup.
Really enjoyed our meal. Light & refreshing teas. A HUGE selection. Was impressed with hard to get Keemum. Quiet & relaxed atmosphere. Lot's of fascinating tea ware to browse & buy for gifts. Give it a try.
My friend and I ordered the Lavender Black Tea and the Mint Tea, which were both served hot.  The tea selection is very extensive and the staff are happy to explain the offerings.  The food selection is more limited and is a bit expensive for what you get (-1 star).  Radiance is a great place for afternoon tea and catching up with close friends.
wow 1st think i like to say about this place is beautiful decor we there last night to this place the food is out of this world and the service is very good its chinese  traditional  tea house very clean place little bit language barrier other  wise think are fine i love there dumplings and some kind of soup but it was very yumm i we have ginger tea i love this place we will back soon here nice place to hang out good luck to them
I had a groupon deal and it was sooo worth it; I wanna say I almost feel bad cuz it was too cheap! The afternoon tea was amazing.  They gave 2 large pitchers of 2 different teas u pick and a 2 large platters for meal tasting and dessert tasting.  It was a great, relaxing break from my busy schedule. Amazing deal!
I just went here for a friend's birthday after reading the reviews on Yelp.THOROUGHLY enjoyed the experience.  When you first walk in, you feel the zen vibe throughout the whole store; definitely a good place to sit back and relax.The service was amazing.  They've been very careful with every single detail of the experience: from the design of the store, their choice of teapots and teas, down to the paper the menus was thought out and well picked.  The service was amazing, it felt that every pot of tea we ordered (and we ordered quite a few) was carefully and lovingly brewed.  Several of us who worked by the area decided on the spot that they would bring some friends and come back.For anyone looking for some peace and serenity, good food, and GOOD TEA, this is your place to go.  Highly recommend.
A friend invited me to dinner @ Radiance. Never been to a Tea House before and really didn't know what I was missing. We split dinner. Dumplings, Noodles and a couple Salads with shrimp. I'm a big coffee drinker and tend to shy away from teas. I'll tell you the cold tea was amazing. The staff was extremely pleasant and the mood was that of a low key bookstore atmosphere. If you want a nice relaxed intimate lite dinner this is the place.
So nice and relaxing. The tea is the best you'll find and the food is excellent . My only gripe is that it's expensive and the seats are hard. But you can't beat it for a light, elegant repast before a show.
Was surprised on a special birthday with a tea ceremony! It was fab, with lots of interesting tea information. The woman who gave the ceremony was informed and adorable. :) And the tea was yum too! I usually drown my tea in sugar, but this was interesting and flavorful without. Novio said it was the best cup of tea he ever drank.Went back two days later for a real lunch and ended up spending 4 HOURS talking about tea and life in the wonderful atmosphere. Between the zen music, the wonderful tea, and the information, I could live there.Dan, the manager, seems to know everyone that walks in the door personally, and if he doesn't he sure makes you feel welcome. The food. OH! To die for veggie dumplings. (Veggietarian speaking) Absolutely the best I've ever eaten (though I may not have eaten many). They were so good, we got a second order during our stay.Miso soup is so fresh and lacks that MSG bite you get normally.The special tofu salad with ume-boshi chutney was outstanding!!!Desserts deserve their own paragraph. Try ever flavor mochi. One is better than the next! And so is the mochi soup. It was sooooooo amazing.Tea I'm not so good at describing. Alls I know is the plain tea was flavorful and good and I liked it alot. Try yellow tea. :) Ask Dan for suggestions.The Sweet Mint iced tea was DELISH. :)I can not sing the praises of Radiance enough. It feels like home, in the most balanced and wonderful way. Bring $50 and don't plan anything else for the day. :)
Love. Love love love. I was spending the day with my dad in NYC this past weekend, and saw this place as we drove down 55th. I saw the great reviews on here and decided to give it a try. The place itself is beautiful, with calming music playing in the background.Since the day was reaching 90°, we opted to get the Ginger Milk Tea from the iced tea menu. It was AMAZING. Just a bit spicy from the ginger, but still light and refreshing.I got the Shrimp Avocado box for lunch, and my dad got the Steamed Dumpling box with veggie and chicken dumplings. The miso sauce on my lunch really made the dish sing. The presentation of food was adorable, and definitely added to the experience.We were so impressed with lunch that we had to order dessert. I got the Mini Mochi & Tea Chocolate plate, which included black tea, strawberry, pineapple orange, black sesame, peanut, and red bean mochi with green tea pistachio chocolates. My dad got a fresh baked Jasmine Walnut tea cookie with red bean ice cream. When they say "fresh baked" they mean it. It takes 15 minutes for it to be served because the cookie is baked in its own dish right after you order it.All in all, a completely wonderful time. I will definitely come back here. It's not a place for fast service (Our lunch took around an hour and a half), but if you have the time to spare, this is the place to be.
Great tea selections. They always have great customer service. I love the feel of the place.  Will be going back.
I went to Radiance Tea House after reading some great reviews on Yelp, even though I am not too much of a tea person. The atmosphere is warm and the staff friendly and extremely welcoming. 5 stars for the excellent service. It was quite empty on a Friday night so it was a pleasant change and felt relaxing. We didn't know much about tea so we went with the server's suggestion. It had a nice flavor but the pot (which was tea for 1 person) was too big for even two of us to finish. Coming to the food - I ordered dumplings, which were good and my friend ordered the shrimp and avocado rice bowl which was just about ok. Overall, I was disappointed with the food. I wouldn't go back to Radiance Tea House for a sumptuous meal. But if you don't want to be rushed and relax over a book or sip tea over conversation with friends, its worth a visit!
Nice quaint piece of paradise in the busy city. Incredible tea selection, some good snack foods, friendly staff, and free wifi! I wish we had more time to come back here and try more of the teas.
The green tea was very fine but I'm not an expert. The rice ball lunch box was delicious and just the right amount. Spicy salmon rice ball is my favorite. I love yelp for introducing me to this place. The waiter said most of their customers come from yelp.
Yes, this is an oasis in Midtown. But that's because Midtown is a crazy, tourist-filled death trap; I think the rarity of this kind of place in Midtown plays a big role in the stellar review it has gotten. The interior reminded me of tea houses in china, which usually has all you can eat buffets included in the price of tea. That would never happen in nyc, but I was still hopeful. I was also hoping that the tea would come in cute tea cups but it came out in cheap looking tea-ware. Was pretty disappointed.The highlight was definitely the wonderful staff. The amazing staff and the vast tea selection did not, however, make up for the macha scone which was inedible. The dumplings took forever and was nothing special.
I cannot believe that this place exists in the cultural void that defines this part of NYC. I am also astounded that I accidentally found this place without knowing about the amazing yelp reviews. I happened to be in the area for a doctors appointment, and typed "tea" into my iphone as I needed to buy tea bags, and it landed me here. I walked in and I was immediately mentally  transported back to a cute little tea museum/restaurant I love in Hong Kong.  I could not resist staying for a cup of tea and some snacks, and I am pleased to say that the quality of both were also as good as what I have had in Hong Kong. Definitely try the pork dumplings, even if you don't like pork. I really don't like/eat pork, but these were great.  They have a great tea selection that comes from all over Asia.  I think that I will be frequenting this place whenever I'm missing Asia.
Quite a surprising little gem. Specializes in dumplings and tea and manages to deliver on both. Decor is simple but elegant and the service was efficient. Highly recommended.
Let me start by saying the service was pretty bad. There were 4 people sitting in the back talking and I could not get one of them to come over to my table. Maybe the place is trying to be "zen" and I was supposed to meditate over my tea selection for longer, but I was HUNGRY! The veggie dumplings were pretty good, the tea was tea (sorry mostly a coffee drinker) and the salad was tasty, but over-priced. I also didn't think they had a great selection of veggie options (why I ordered a salad). I asked for rice without the pork and they said they didn't have it.
Great ambience and service, but way overpriced for the food.  The rice balls were nothing special.  Stay away from the shrimp one!  For the amount of money, I could get top notch nigiri that is more filling than those rice balls.  The microbrewed ice teas were nice, but pricey.  I could make something similar at home for much cheaper (Dragon Well tea and Taiwan oolong tried).
Radiance, How did I end up in some random town in Japan, without actually travelling by plane? I guess the  Zen-like experience here, left me feeling as if I was actually out of the hustle and bustle of NYC. My girl friend Chelsea and I, randomly found this hidden gem out of the blue on this gloomy rainy day. I happened to be the most hungover person in Manhattan, and did not believe in a cure until Radiance was found! We shared a teapot of Green Oolong tea, complimented with two sesame almond biscuits. We also ordered delicious Shrimp and Tofu Summer Rolls, as well as 8 pieces of Pork Soup Dumplings. Both dishes ended up being the perfect amount of food, since my appetite had depleted from the night before. Dan was our server, and he was the most knowledgeable person with great recommendations! He also informed us that they have tea tasting nights, so I think I will be making this spot a weekly visit!
definitely an oasis in the midtown of chain restaurants, frat bars for middle agers, and other forms of mediocrity.  have not eaten here but the tea selection is fantastic.took a while to get our waiter's attention but he was very considerate of the limited tea time once we got him.will have to go back and do a taste test of the menu
i got unagi on rice which was decent. the masala chai tea was very aromatic. not the best service but it's okay.
I hate midtown, but I think I can tolerate midtown if I get to come here. The dumplings were incredibly fresh and the tea selection is amazing. The atmosphere is quiet and relaxing and just plain nice. The menu wasn't incredibly extensive, but you come here to sit, have a cup of tea and chill out.
Radiance is my escape during a rough day at the office. If you love teas, particularly Asian breeds, you will be in heaven. While it's not cheap, the quality of the leaves and the brew make it totally worth it. The dumplings and mochi are also solid, and the staff is very knowledgeable and passionate about tea. They are also extremely friendly. I would recommend to not go here between 12 - 1 - it gets too crowded and they can't handle the capacity.
This was our first time at a tea house. We're from the West Coast and we felt very apprehensive walking in. But the staff is so incredibly friendly. They recommended all kinds of great options for us to try and every one was right on the mark. Don't be shy to tell them that you don't know what to order.
Seriously if you are in the area you have to check out Radiance. I wasn't really in the mood for tea when I went and after my first sip of sweet fruit and flour tea I was in love. honestly the best tea I have ever had. Not to mention the dumplings were Divine. It was soo good we took home a canister of tea, hopefully we will be able to make it as well as the employees of Radiance, there is a real art to this!!
This place is really cute! Very unexpected in the area and a nice place to meet or friend or relax.  They have iced tea, hot tea, dessert tea, micro-brew tea so there's plenty to try. One tea is served with ice cream even. I ordered the cold noodle with shredded chicken and cucumber which was delicious. Presentation is really pretty. The soup dumplings are better than the pork dumplings. The place is Chinese but the menu has a bit of Japanese stuff. Sweets include mochi, cookies, scones, and a new tea agar which I would consider trying some time.  Service is really friendly and I had a lot of fun here with my friend.
Delicious and beatifully presented dishes. My favorite is the steamed eggs. With a large collection of teas and free wifi, it's a good place to sit, drink, and surf the web. A good alternative to Starbucks.
i had the dragon eye tea and it was great.  wonderful and friendly service.  i didn't know what to really expect but i had a very pleasant experience.  i was playing monopoly deal while drinking tea and they never gave me the stank eye for it even though everyone else was being mature and either doing work or studying.  i really appreciated that i could play monopoly deal at a tea house with my friends without being judged.
the zen-like atmosphere at radiance makes it perfect for tea sipping over good conversation. they feature an extensive list of teas, and although i didn't get to try any of their dessert, it looked delicious. their service is notably excellent, as our server was really friendly and so very attentive. he was also very helpful with choosing the right tea for each of our tastes. fyi, they have tea tastings twice a week, where you get to try five teas and learn all about them for $15 bucks.
Having never been to a Tea House, I find my first experience at this establishment in Midtown Manhattan to be a positive experience.  Being greeted by extremely friendly and helpful staff was one of the charming points of Radiance, not to exclude the wooden décor of the dining area that brings a touch of elegance.  Although I would suggest they move tables farther from the entrance.  The food was only fair, however, but the prices were reasonable.  Daniel who was our waiter, provided excellent, non-new-yorker-paced service.  He is to be commended for his warmth and patience, and his focus on his patrons is admirable.  Thank you Daniel.  I look forward to returning to this friendly atmosphere, and to further sample their strongest suit, tea.
came here because of the good reviews but was severely disappointed. my fiance and I came here because we love bubble tea but what we got tasted horrible. the food here is overly priced....$9 for 4 dumplings. give me a break.
Been there during my first trip to new york city and i'll visit them again the next time i'll be there. A nice place with a GREAT staff (as someone already wrote you can clearly see that they love their job), good food and great tea selection (i bought one of their tea boxes).Perfect when you need to have lunch in a quiet place.And please... try their almond goji ice cream...
I personally HATE midtown. So many stressed out people hurrying somewhere. So many taxis screeching, ambulances with their sirens blaring, buses splashing pedestrians, suits cutting each other off walking and talking on their cell phones. Yuck. It's just basically all of the things I hate about NYC (which I generally love) lumped together in one hectic 20 block radius. Radiance Tea House is a little bit of peace and quiet amidst the crazy fast paced surroundings and it was truly a lovely place to meet a dear friend for lunch to catch up. I found it on yelp.com and am thankful to the great reviews that lead me to pick it as our meeting place. It is beautifully decorated and has a really nice gift shop inside. The high-backed  wooden chairs are surprisingly comfortable and had an antique, handmade look to them. Very appealing and perfectly coordinated with the rest of the decor. The service was polite, attentive and friendly. The menu was healthy, diverse and very reasonably priced, although the teas were astronomically priced. I had a small pot of apricot tea for $7.50, and would probably not do that again even though it was excellent tea. I understand that high quality tea really does cost a lot, but I am perfectly happy with a cheap bag of Yogi tea instead. For lunch I had salmon, baby bok choy, rice and edamame on the side. It was absolutely delicious. Light, healthy, cooked perfectly, flavored exquisitely. I would absolutely return to this little haven in midtown. Of course, that is only I have to be in that dreadful part of the city again for some reason.
I've had the best dumplings ever, two diverse and delicious teas (sweet mint iced tea and purple yam tea) and much friendly camaraderie with the wonderful waitstaff here. The only downside, in my opinion, is that the friendly and gregarious waitstaff do not come to your table often enough. I'm not sure what the issue is. They are not understaffed; the staff often outnumbers the guests. Beats me. :/ Its not much of a bother, though, because the environment is extremely pleasant and your waiter/waitress is rarely more than a yard or two away from your table. Their graciousness and earnestness are endearing and extremely appreciated. The prices are also reasonable, on par for the amount of food and a bit low given the exceptional quality.
A calming place in midtown.  Seems oxymoronic!  Great teas, relaxing atmosphere, food is not as good as I'd hoped, but it's a great place to go if you're in the mood for a nice, low-key lunch.  There is a vast palette of teas to choose from and the ambiance rocks, quietly.
Radiance is a great place to escape summer heat. Food is well-prepared, service was slow but great, drinks we didn't try but sounded tasty. The only downside to the meal was the waiter's admission that they only make 2 of their 6 or 7 types of dumplings in house. At least he was honest?
I had lunch with my friend there today. We both had the Teriyaki Glazed salmon over rice bowl. It was really delicious!!!  The service is great too. It is perfect for people who have a short lunch break because the food comes quickly.  Unlike other crowded places, the place is spacious and comfortable. So you can have a conversation. The best lunch place I found around the neighborhood. I will come back for sure to try other things!!
I adore this place. I have been a tea fanatic since childhood and have frequented many tea places in the city only to be disappointed over and over again. There may be places with a nice ambiance but mediocre tea or great tea and an ignorant staff. This place has it all: quiet and peaceful atmosphere, excellent tea, and the kindest, most helpful, and enthusiastic staff. It even has a food menu of clean, healthy, and tasteful snacks, meals, and desserts. I first went there for a tea tasting at which Dan got everyone excited about everything tea-related. I then stayed for dinner and Ben and other staff members took the time to answer all of my questions and to share favorite tea experiences. At first, I thought about keeping this place a secret for myself, but now I hope to encourage others to support such wonderful place and caring people so that everyone can enjoy tea here.
I went to this place for the first time last week and was very surprised that I had never heard of this place before. Why doesn't anyone seems to know about it??? The tea selection was good and the resident tea experts, Ben and Dan, will tell you everything you need to know about the tea that you are drinking. Ask them to tell you the legend of how ti quan yin tea came into existence. I can't wait to go back to learn more about tea.  I live and work in midtown I think I found my new place to relax on a weekend and read the paper on a cold winter day.
salmon salad is fantastic as is astounding hot and iced tea selection
Absolutely divine for atmosphere (calm, welcoming), service (calm, welcoming, intelligent, efficient), with a wonderful, healthy (say that twice -- healthy) menu that never fails to delight.
Radiance is fantastic. We started frequenting this place shortly after it opened. It became our summer lunch break hang out. The tea options are incredible - you can find almost anything. The food is fantastic here - incredibly fresh. In fact, you really need to plan on being here for an hour or more as all of the food and teas are prepared fresh. The dumplings (little soupy pork buns and chicken and woodear mushroom are my personal favorites) and the rice balls (esp. the veggie inari and the wasabi shrimp) are incredible. I really enjoy ordering a lunch box - which comes with a lovely little salad, fresh edamame and 8 dumplings, very filling. Certain teas are served by the cup while others are served in varying size pots. Be sure to try some of their fresh, tea infused baked goods. They also have a great little shop and free wifi internet - so if you're looking for a place to read, study or just hang out at for awhile, well, Radiance is the perfect place. The service here is also incredible. Look for Dan and Ben - great guys...
Radiance is a gem in this otherwise overpriced area of Manhattan. Now that we've been there, we might actually make this a destination restaurant for whenever we venture out of the Village. That being said, we were in this neck of the woods for an event at MoMA and came across Radiance randomly through Yelp. The restaurant is located on the second floor and is very well-appointed with delicate furniture, is well-lit (although perhaps a little too well-lit on the bookstore side of it--yes, there is a bookstore inside the restaurant), and the service is RIDICULOUSLY awesome. Our waiter was overjoyed about everything he described on the menu, very knowledgable and friendly, and he made every accommodation for our dietary restrictions. I would give this place five stars for the service alone, except that the food was amazing too. I tried the pineapple-mango tea, which was unlike anything I've tasted before--clean, crisp and sweet. We started by sharing the handmade vegetable dumplings which were steamed to perfection and had fillings that were still fresh and crunchy (I hate it when dumplings get soggy and the contents feel like they've been sitting around all day--fresh dumplings are hard to come by!). We then ordered a vegetarian version of the Teriyaki Glazed rice bowl and I had the Shrimp Avocado rice bowl. One rice bowl came out in a beautiful earthenware bowl and the other came out in a delicate box with a lid--I almost felt bad eating out of these! The one thing I will say is that I'm not sure what they do to their shitake mushrooms here, but they are the best I've ever had: slivers of meaty goodness marinated to perfection. I still dream about those mushrooms! We ended with the refreshing lychee ice-cream. You should come here for the tea alone (there are so many varieties, that the tea comes out on two separate menus!), but you would be foolish not to try the food also. Every ingredient felt like it had been procured right at the moment--amazingly fresh and tasteful. I haven't enjoyed simple ingredients like this in a long time. Hands down, this is the BEST mid-range restaurant to go to in this neighborhood (maybe even better than the expensive flashy places I've been to). We will come back soon (and selfishly, we hope nobody else finds out about it).
I went with four other friends for the tea tasting, and we had an amazing time! We learned about the three different teas (green tea, oolong tea, and black tea), and we tried five flavors of mochi. Our guide/presenter was really nice and thorough with his explanations. The tea house is beautiful. The tasting was a relaxing and educational way to spend an afternoon. It was great for groups, and we also saw individuals and couples enjoying tea and food at smaller tables. I would definitely go again, and I've been recommending it to my friends ever since I went. They sell many different kinds of tea, and they have beautiful tea pots, cups, and sets for sale. I want to go back to try other types of tea and to try their food. The tea tasting was reasonably priced, even though I had to pay full price. My friends had an online deal, so their tasting was discounted. I looked at the regular menu, and everything looked pretty expensive. The tea tasting is the way to go because you get to taste three types of teas (as much of each as you want) and eat mochi.
Radiance was closed for a while, for a renovation/facelift. I've been back three times since it reopened, and what my once-favourite Midtown haunt gained in cosmetic upgrades it's lost in character, service and quality. The first time I went back, a busy weekday lunchtime, a colleague and I ordered tea and dumplings. It took 25 minutes for our tea to arrive, and another 20 before our dumplings hit the table. The staff were clearly flustered, the kitchen overwhelmed and the dumplings just so-so. At dinner tonight, massive case of sticker shock - the prices, never cheap, have gone up quite a lot. And once again the service was just so-so (where've you gone, Dang?); water refills were slow in coming; the food was not bad but totally overpriced at the new $16+ price points.  And where once Radiance was spotless and calming, a film of dust covers the bathroom, which could do with a scrub. Much of the charm has gone.
mrs fishy and mom fishy joined me for an afternoon tea.  the tea snacks were ok and a few of the deserts were good, but the service was sub par and we left the place feeling totally ripped off. fifty five bucks per person for a few pieces of finger food and a pot of tea? you've got to be kidding me!
nice ambiance, cool place to take a break in the midst of bustling life. nice tea too.
We visited from SF where tea houses are becoming quite the fad.  We loved the atmosphere, food and tea served at Radiance.  We are big tea drinkers and admired the large selection.  The dumplings were a great snack along with tea.  The pricing seemed exactly on par with similar places in SF but actually a good deal for NY.  The waiter was so friendly and helpful with tea selections and the merchandise for sale included most teas so it is a good way to bring home other teas to try.  It would be a nice place to have a private party with a tea ceremony from someone there who can talk about tea.
It may say tea, but I say dumplings. The veggie dumplings are superlative and the pork ones are juicy and gingery. The weird piano music could go, but the free wifi rocks and the staff is really nice. The salad is pointless, so skip the "lunch special" and order the dumpling appetizer and a small tea.
This is a pretty little Asian tea shop that I would take my mom to. Extensive tea menu lists a lot of teas and tisanes(herbal teas) and they do chai lattes, bubble tea and all those other gussied up teas. Lapsang soucheng is a smoky black tea that smacks of bbq wood. The handmade, dainty crab pork soup dumplings aren't as satisfying as the Chinatown stuff, but still tasty. Both the shrimp and the salmon salads were light and tender. No brown rice. No time for desserts, but I'll definitely be back to try the ice cream and sweets, which looks promising.The servers are so gracious and knowledgeable. They have a bookshop and they also do  tea service. It's not Chinatown cheap, but its not a dump, either! Its on par and a lot healthier than the other English style tea spots like ahem, Tea & Sympathy.  It's about the presentation-the pretty clear glass teapots and china, and the service, which is slow, but they don't rush you, either.  This is not Starbucks.Take the time to sip and linger over the tea!
If you want a professional space where you can maturely have a cup of good quality tea, then this is the place for you. We arrived at a late time, but the manager was very happy to serve us. He had a nice smile, warming, and very welcoming. I like how the place is very clean. The manager was extremely knowledgeable in every aspect of tea. Not just the tea, but the historical part, ceremonial, and even what pieces are used and the purpose of it., such as a certain type of clay used to make the teapot. I had a bowl of matcha and my boyfriend got a lapsang souchong out of the recommendation of the manager to wake him up and it surely did! My boyfriend absolutely loved the tea. We shared a selection of dry mochi, which the manager has selected the flavors just for us. The matcha was the highest quality matcha I've ever had. The manager made a comparison with the matcha powder he used with my tea and another quality and there was definetely a difference. My matcha tea was very green and therefore retaining most of the best qualities of the tea. The amount of tea you get is definetely plenty, almost a little too much, which is definetely good. The pots, cups, saucers, and plates used are simply divine and lovely. My boyfriend and I then shared a flower blossom tea. It was a lovely presentation in a glass teapot. My boyfriend even suggested to become regulars, which I totally agree! This place is awesome, in a sense that it isn't those loud bubble tea places and this place has real tea! We had a great time conversating with the staff and very impressed by their knowledge of tea. The prices are surprisingly great for the quality of the tea. My boyfriend thought we spent $50, but he was wrong. This is a very professional place with a welcoming atmosphere. We are definetely returning and hopefully you'll pay a visit. It's worth it.
If you're searching for a traditional Chinese teahouse experience that also offers food, look no further. However, be prepared to pay more for items that would be significantly cheaper in Chinatown. We came on a Sunday for lunch. They accept reservations, and they were very understanding when we were running 15-20 minutes late. The interior is nearly all wood and the walls are lined with Chinese books and tea sets for sale which were fun to browse.What we ordered:1) Dan Dan Noodle ($9): Small portions. Good for an appetizer. Also not that spicy.2) Shrimp and cabbage dumplings ($9): 5 dumplings, perfectly steamed and filled with soup so sauce isn't necessary. Not much shrimp though.3) Pork belly buns ($9): Three buns each filled with a decent chunk of pork belly. Loved these.4) Sa-cha beef ($15): Pretty tasty. Barbecue beef with noodles and napa cabbage served in a casserole hot pot. We had the small size and it was enough to share. 5) Lychee black tea ($14): Described as having lychee and rose undertones, I couldn't really detect the rose but I enjoyed it nonetheless. The tea was served in a pretty floral pot and intricately painted tea cups.Radiance Tea House is somewhere I would take friends or family for a special occasion as it is a unique zen-like atmosphere, but the prices were a little high for standard-quality Chinese/Taiwanese food.
It was a pleasant surprise to find a decent tea house with good meals in Midtown. We came here for business lunch and tried their soup dumplings, chicken dumplings in chili sauce and spicy chicken in cold sesame sauce. Everything we tried is delicious. The service is attentive and the ambiance is quiet, relaxing and welcoming. I also tried their lychee ice tea and it was delish! I would love to come back and try more tea for sure!
I loved this place! Of course, checking Yelp to find the perfect spot to meet up with a old classmate and catchup. Low and behold this quite gem. Perfect ambiance, intimate but open. I loved the open library concept. For dinner I had the shrimp with flat rice noodles! Absolutely EVERYTHING! I couldn't stop eating, which was also dished in the perfect serving size, ya know not too little but not too much...... My friend one of their popular casserole with Tofu and veggies with ginger tea. I would definitely stop in again!
Vegetable dumplings - very thick skin. I find this very pricey for Chinese dumplings. I could get this amount for $1 at Chinatown. Green tea soba noodles - I was hoping for a matcha taste..it was just plain green colored noodles Tea - I'm not sure if it's free refills but one tea pot was enough for me. They have a wide selection!
My girlfriend and her friend liked the food, but I didn't. We also got water exactly one time, and the waiter never brought us water again.Also, be wary: they overcharged my card by $6. I put a tip of $3 (service sucked) and they increased the tip to $9. I just called them to try and get this fixed. I will not increase this review if they do. The restaurant wasn't to my taste at all.
Delicious - love the dumplings! Especially loved the shrimp wonton and the Asian shrimp summer roll - second visit just as good as first
This place is an authentic Chinese restaurant. It shys away from the stereotypical Szechuan Chinese restaurant to go for a more healthy, low oil and grease but still excellent food. Recommended dishes are wontons in spicy oil, beef vermicelli casserole, eggplant, just to name a few. They have a wide selection of teas as well. My favorite is the ginger tea which is perfect and soothing for the cold weather.
It just so happen I was walking around the city like a maniac this day and suddenly the group I was with (visiting  from Texas) decided they wanted Chinese. So.... Yelp'ed that and ended up at this place. As soon as I walked in I was a little hesitant since it wasn't very crowded for a Friday evening but regardless we took our seats and prepared ourselves. The menu was strictly traditional Chinese so please do not look for Americanized fast Chines. We decided to all order something different so we can do a family serving style dinner.Well played!! Everything that came out was amazing! The brazed beef was falling off the chop sticks, the Pork was tremendous, the Curry chicken was so tasty and the drinks topped it off nicely. This is hands down a gem for Chinese food.  They are traditional in the sense that they bring you what's ordered and leave you alone.. You need to get the attention of a worker if anything is needed after the initial drop off. a must try New Yorkers!
This place is good!  It may not be the greatest Chinese food in NYC, but it's really solid and delicious, good options, great tea menu, and great/attentive service (they'll even give you advice on what to choose if you aren't sure).
I went there with a friend. The service was alright, the tea was delicious and the food was pretty good. They are pricey, and despite the food being good, I don't know if the price and the quality match completely. I really did enjoy everything despite all this.
Today we have a splurge for the Real Time Lunch Review.  Checked out the menu online.  Called to place the order for pick up.  The place sounded like it was jumpin'! The gentleman was very nice and professional.  A little stunted with communication, but we worked it out.  Since reviews and pics seem like their portions are small, I ordered up a dumpling sampler box of chicken & woodear mushroom and soupy dumplings, hot & sour soup, and spicy cold noodles.  Hoping for leftovers for tomorrow's lunch...but let's see.Walked over fifteen minutes after I called.  Order was waiting.  The staff were super friendly.  The place is TREMENDOUSLY cute [read: if this be some good food, I'm going back to dine in!].  Beautiful wood-laden interior, nice walk-up counter, tables spaced well, lovely book shelves and teapots...just so nice!Looks like I'll be dining in!  I have yet to have them in Chinatown....but the single best pork soup dumplings I've ever had outside of C-Town!  Excellent broth, flavor on the pork ball would stand alone, perfect thickness to the wonton, gorgeous!Chicken & woodear mushroom dumplings were perfectly constructed, nice balance, delicate palate...very nice.Hot & Sour Soup was very nice.  Fresh ingredients.  A bit pricey for the portion, even with the seafood, which were one shrimp, a piece of calamari, and a sprinkling of baby scallops.  Good amount of heat.  Proper sour balance.  Very happy at the end of that bowl.I am not generally a fan of cold noodle dishes....but something kept pulling me toward this one.  VERY glad I listened to the ole gut!  Again, they nailed delicate palate marriage: hearty portion of tender chicken, red pepper spice, peanut hitting the back palate, baby bok choy, hearty portion of noodles, refreshing julienne cucumber, and everything glistening with JUST enough sauce.  Gorgeous.  Noodles POSSIBLY a TAD overcooked for MY taste....but lovely!!  So refreshing, and filling!$35 for a splurge of a lunch (I could have done with one less type of dumpling, or no soup, and been perfectly fine!), no leftovers, and not mad about it!!!  WILL be back!!!!
This is a lovely zen-like place with a large variety of teas. The food is good, but quite pricey. They also sells teas and books.My favorite dessert tea here is Her Majesty's Bliss - a pitcher of earl grey tea and vanilla ice cream to share.Sha Cha Beef & Vegetables - Clear noodles, meat and vegetables in sha cha sauce (a paste that is savory and slightly spicy, grainy in texture). Yum.Steamed Chicken with Ginseng & Dates - The chicken is really tender, the flavors are wonderful, and the dish is very filling. It is surprisingly good.Food is worth more if you get a prix fixe. Otherwise it is overpriced for what it is.
Lovely tea, and food!Rezzies get you prime seating.Dan Dan noodles... YUMMMMMM!
BACKSTORY: So, yesterday, I finally did something that I have been promising myself for more than a year. I took myself to lunch at Radiance Teahouse. This place has a special place in my stomach's heart. More than a year ago, maybe even two years ago (wow, time flies!), I first visited Radiance to meet two friends for tea. Tea turned into a five hour conversation and two new friends became sisters. I couldn't even tell you now what any of us ate, I was so focused on the conversation and relaxing atmosphere. Ever since, I kept promising myself to return. (I actually returned a week ago with another new friend and had a very enjoyable visit and the prospect of a lovely new friendship. Yesterday's visit was just for me.)I have the wonderful luxury of having Fridays off in the summer and decided to take advantage by treating myself to lunch at Radiance on a whim. I could feel the smile spreading on my face as I walked towards the door and pulled it open. When I climbed the honey-colored wooden stairs to the second floor, I was both disappointed and pleased: since it was still a normal weekday for other people, the teahouse had at least one business lunch taking place, along with assorted rendezvous, including another group of female friends enjoying tea at the same table where a sisterhood was born not too long ago. I wished that I had the place mostly, if not completely to myself. At the same time, I was happy that business was doing well. (Darn you, Radiance, for being so welcoming and delightful!)I had come with the intention of eating and lingering in an effort to defeat procrastination and finally get some studying done. (I'm determined to learn a new language and chose French. Wish me luck!) I felt a bit awkward perched within earshot of the aforementioned business lunch and directly between a woman who appeared to be spending some time alone but was waiting for someone else who appeared later, and either another business lunch or a date. Hard to tell.  I decided to just stay for a quick bite and find another place to study afterwards. THE FOOD:I went with the classic iced green tea, which arrived in a mason jar and green twisty straw, a nice touch for summer. Lunch was the shrimp avocado rice box, a bento box style plate that came right away. Edamame never disappoints, and I began to make that disappear first. The dumpling was a bit cold and dry by the time I got to it, but, nothing that couldn't be fixed by dipping it into the soy sauce next to the edamame. (I think that the dumpling was chicken, so I only ate one of the two. I should have thought to ask if I could have my choice of dumplings--their dumpling with vegetables with tofu is pretty good.) I made a dent in the rice (there is a lot beneath the shrimp!), but left a fair amount behind. The miso dressing mixed into the rice tasted to me of a seasoned mayonnaise that was a bit too heavy for me. I felt that the flavor of the mayo overwhelmed that of the miso, which is a taste I love. The shrimp, which were cut lengthwise, and sliced avocado were satisfying and filling. The pickled purple veggie on top of the rice, and the salad of thinly sliced carrot and celery (maybe drizzled in a sesame oil?) were standouts to me. I would have liked more. STAFF & ATMOSPHERE:The staff also stood out to me. More friendly and pleasant than any New Yorker in the hospitality industry, or any New Yorker at all, has any right to be, the staff were unfailingly attentive, courteous, and smiley. Their demeanor certainly accentuated the lovely, calm zen of the restaurant's atmosphere. Surrounded by furniture and flooring of honey and walnut-colored wood, it puts one at ease and feel as if a secret place had been found. That's another reason why Radiance is one of my favorite places in the city--it is a rarity to discover an oasis of calm in the hustle and bustle of New York City, and Radiance is one of them. The next time I'm there, I will make a point of checking out their large selection of books on tea, and maybe even take home some of their loose tea to enjoy.
Nice spot for Chinese food in midtown. Have only tried it for lunch few times. They have a nice selection of teas that my tea lover friends enjoyed.Got the cold spycy chiken noodles bento box with dumplings and salad. These were cold noodles, good choice for this summer weather. Also got an iced tea. Lunch special prices between 12 and 16 are understandable for a place that feels more formal than the avg lunch places in the area. There is a library by the dining room. Service is not that good even when not crowded.
I came here for lunch with a friend and we decided to split an order of soup dumplings and each get something from the lunch special menu.The soup dumplings were okay, average taste but slow to come out.I got the Chicken Dan Dan Noodles. This was terrible, I couldn't even force down more than 5 bites before I stopped eating. It is not like traditional Dan Dan Noodles, the chili sauce taste is to heavy, the noodles soak in excessive sauce on the bottom, and it's too salty. I definitely would not recommend ordering this.My friend got the Beef Noodle Soup and said the noodles were too soft and the taste wasn't great.For the price, I definitely would not recommend this place. Our waitress also just took our order and gave us our check, no refills on water or checked on why I didn't eat any of the terrible noodles. I will not be coming back here.
I don't live in the heart of New York City, but anyone can tell just from walking in that this establishment is a great location to hit pause in the midst of a busy and bustling area.I came to Radiance about a month ago, around early afternoon, to celebrate a friend's birthday with 3 other friends. Honestly, we were looking to go to a tearoom, but were pleasantly surprised to stumble upon this gem.The iced tea was very refreshing and the price itself wasn't particularly alarming (especially when splitting the costs amongst 4 people); we ordered the peppermint green tea, and I was pleasantly surprised (yet again) that they chose to serve the iced tea with ice cream-- definitely a combination I didn't expect, but it was amazing.I also ordered the salmon avocado salad-- it was fresh and appealing to the palette, however overall it was mildly pricey and nothing special. Still delicious regardless!The overall ambiance of this tea house, as highlighted by other reviewers, is that of tranquility and much needed silence. There are a good number of tables and when I was there, only a couple were empty, but it was amazing how the quiet atmosphere was still intact despite the place being full. The corner library space also contributed; it looked more like the corner of a bookstore, but it goes to show how well-kept the books are. Definitely adds character to the place.This is a great place to duck into for a light lunch, especially on a hot day and I'd definitely come again. Looking forward to trying a new tea the next time I go!
Came here on a friend's invite.Radiance is one of few places in midtown that's an Asian tea house and with food service. Considering the location (not far from the Theater District) and surrounding (mostly hotels), I note that I'm not going to pay less than $10 for some dish.Radiance is one of those places that go well with Pearl River Mart in SoHo - places that cater to the curious mind of the Chinese (maybe Japanese) Asian culture.Tea: A nice wide variety of Chinese, Taiwanese teas with a few sprinkles of Japanese. Serving: single tea pots for one individual to larger pots to share. Average starting price (for single pot): $10. Pretty expensive, for a single serving. No offer to re-steep, as far as I was there.Food: the menu is an assortment of Chinese dishes from Hong Kong to Shanghainese. They offer a small selection of dim sum dishes (starting at an absurd price of $9 for 5 dumplings) to casseroles and entrée.* The two vegetable dumpling dishes we ordered were decent, nothing fancy.* Wonton noodle soup falls flat on seasoning. It's bland.* Spicy Shrimp Rice Noodle entrée - pretty good noodles, but what happen to the shrimp? There were only three pieces of jumbo shrimp. This is a "entrée" portion.Total for our group (of three people) was at: $109. HOLY HELL.If you're looking for a quiet ambiance while munching on mediocre food, you can pay the extra dollars and stay at Radiance.If you're curious, and adventuresome, put some effort and head downtown to Chinatown for a bustling dim sum experience, especially great for groups. You'll be feasting like a queen and king at around $10-12 per person. Don't expect "quiet ambiance."As for tea house with food: Cha-An (Japanese Tea House, East Village), Bosie Tea Parlour (French style tea house, West Village) are some to suggest.
Delicious food, authentic atmosphere.This restaurant was delicious with authentic cuisine and an extensive craft tea menu.  We loved the peaceful atmosphere and every bite was delicious!  We can't wait to go back again soon!  Highly recommend!!!!!
Review is for the food only. Did not get to try the enormous variety of tea, but other than the occasional macha kit-kat bar, I'm not that much of a tea person to begin with. Service was a bit scatter-brained but miles ahead in cheerfulness than the scowls of Chinatown. The atmosphere reminds me of my Chinese great-aunt's apartment: mildly stuffy from all the old books, upright wooden seats that make your bum hurt after 10 minutes, and tons of tea cannisters. All that's missing is the smell of mothballs. I think I'll skip ordering the food next time though, or just order some desserts to go with the tea. The menu is lighter and healthier (?) than your average Panda Express takeout, but it wasn't mind-blowing, and Chinese food and mind-blowing should always be in the same sentence, especially when Chinatown and Flushing are a hop and a skip away.  The steamed soup dumplings tasted store-bought, and the sha-cha flank beef were rubbery strips of gristle. I'm glad I ordered the small versions of each dish but I still winced at the fact that we were paying almost 3x what we would have paid 40 blocks over. Midtown rent ...It also didn't help that my chopstick skills had atrophied overnight and I was dropping rice, bok choy, dumplings left and right. Skip the mochi ice cream (which you can get from Trader Joe's for less than $9.50) but not the earl grey chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream. Solid option for the theater neighborhood but I'll get my soup dumplings elsewhere.
This is a beautiful tea house / restaurant in a great location.  It is very pleasant with a mindful staff and relaxing and comfortable space.  Very roomy and decorated with books, tea sets, and an assortment of teas.  Great place to go before/after Broadway, museum, shopping, etc.
I visited tonight for dinner - we were seated and did not receive our menus for at least 20 minutes because they forgot about our table (great start). We ordered an herbal tea (an evening in paris), dan dan noodle, the chicken and earwood mushroom dumpling, and the soupy pork dumplings. The dumplings were below average and tasted as if they came from a package. The dan dan noodles were about average - they were not as liberal with their use of sichuan peppercorn.The herbal tea was very good and I would say was the best part of the meal. However, I cannot say I will be returning here for the food - only the tea. The service was not great having waited 20 minutes for menus.
Since moving to New York, I have been on a constant search for quiet and cute little spots for journaling. I dropped by Radiance at around 2PM last Saturday and really had quite a lovely experience. I requested a table for one in a brightly lit section next to some beautiful porcelain tea set displays, ordered a soothing kettle of Vanilla Black Tea ($7), and proceeded to read and journal for an hour uninterrupted. I never once felt rushed to leave or pressured to order more food, as the servers were attentive but not overbearing.During my visit, the teahouse itself was pretty quiet, but I'm sure this depends on the time of day or week, because as middle-aged women started trickling in one by one to the table next to mine, I realized how quickly the pendulum could swing in the other direction. As with any place in Manhattan, the atmosphere depends heavily on those near you. I will definitely be back again on another one of my journaling dates to try more of the teas and get a better feel for this place!
Food was mediocre, I had the wonton soup and it taste like water, no flavor at all, also the shrimp dumplings didn't have any shrimp. Maybe tíos us just a good place for tea
Love the ambiance and the beautiful décor. The food is amazing and the staff attentive. I love finding cozy teashops in the city!
I love this place for its tea and healthy, albeit a bit tasteless food.However, it's slow in service and unreliable in terms of timing.  We arrived in a party of 3 on a Friday night, asking if they could seat us.  It was mostly empty, and they seated us promptly.  However, food took over an hour to come, and they forgot a part of our tea order.  Instead of giving us a discount for a long wait, they brought us three orders of the same dessert and charged us for all of them.Yes, the teas are delicious, but if you want some to go, they are packaged mostly in tins, and are really overpriced.  For a few ounces of chrysanthemum flower, I spent $9.  Managed to get the same amount of better quality flower in Turkey for less than $1.  9x markup?  Forget it.
****BEAWARE OF FRAUDULENT CHARGES*** I would be careful when you give your credit card to the waiter/waitress to pay the bills. They took it to the back and the credit card looked tempered with after they handed it back. Apparently over $2000 was charged on my friend's credit card the following day and this place was the last place that the card was used for awhile. It's obvious that they did it. The waiter and waitress looked shady and suspicious. They went on a shopping spree including places such as Modells, taxi cab rides, etc. We already reported this to the fraud department and police. Unless they swipe the credit card right in front of you, I would not trust this place or these workers. Just pay cash. PS- Food was mediocre.
Love Love LOVE this place. It's right down the street from my office so I'm not sure why I never came. I think it may be my new favorite lunch spot. It has the ability of being in Midtown but able to cut out all the noise of the city. Lunch can be quite a calming event here...not so much of that hustle and bustle. The entrance is on street level, but the dining area is up a floor.The service could be called good or bad, but for me it was just right. They ddin't rush me, but if you ever needed service, it wasn't a chore to flag someone down. They were always available. The decor is that of a chinese tea house and it serves as a great escape from the usual routine. So the first time here what we got:(their lunch menu is a great deal)Darjeeling Flush 2 for 1 - great teaDumpling Sampler Box (with edamame & salad) $12.95-chicken & woodear mushroom dumplings - ok, little plain-soup pork (aka soup dumpling) - super delicious, a must try*their edamame is delicious and cooked just perfectlyBeef Noodle Soup $15.95noodle with braised beef in chicken broth - super delicious, meat was super tender, noodles cooked perfectly, could've been served a bit hotter thoughThe second time:Black Lychee tea for 1 - delicious served over ice with an awesome strawTropical Salmon Salad summer roll $9 - delicious and served with homemade peanut sauceSichuan Spicy Beef & Tofu (aka mapo tofu) $14sminstead of mince pork, it was made with sliced beef, a delicious and awesome alternative - it was so good when I was craving some good mapo tofu and hit the spot. It was perfectly spicy and the small size was perfect for a single personThe third time:Rose Lemon Tea for 2 - great for a cold day and hit the spotPork Belly Steam Bun Sandwich (3) $9 - delicious and served with tomato and cucumber on the side (best eaten on the side IMO)TLDR: Stop by, warm up, relax and have some tea (and some snacks or food)
I've visited this tea house twice --  first, to scout it out  for a bridal shower and second, to throw said bridal shower. It's a wonderfully zen environment with books lining the shelves and carefully laid out on tables in one corner, tea canisters lining the cash register/bar area, and plenty of seating spread out to preserve the sense of spaciousness. Tucked away on an otherwise unremarkable street, this is one lovely tea house to visit if you want some good quality Chinese teas or some well-prepared small bites *and* you have the money to splurge, cause truthfully, things here are overpriced to the nines! Better, more authentic Chinese teas can be found elsewhere, and their food, though generally good and occasionally noteworthy, were served in such stingy portions for such high prices, you could do better elsewhere. Mostly, you're paying for the atmosphere, which I must say, is nice enough to throw a bridal shower at.On my first visit, I had dinner here with my bf right around closing time (in fact, I think it was exactly an hour til). My bf is a big fan of dumplings so we ordered two baskets, one Chicken & Woodear Mushroom and one Beef & Celery. Each basket comes with only 5 tiny dumplings and costs $7-9 per basket (Yes, you're eating $1-2 dumplings!). For that price I expected these to be much better than they were. That is not to say they weren't good -- they just aren't worth the price. The chicken dumplings had a strange flavor that I didn't appreciate, possibly because I am not a big fan of mushrooms. The beef and celery though was a winner for me (although, I'd have paid *at most* $4 for the basket and it cost us $9 here). We also ordered the Braised Beef entree to share, which was unremarkable but decent, and a small plate of three tiny pork belly buns, which were fantastic but sooo disappointingly small. The two teas we tried that night were their matcha and the Dong Ding Mountain oolong. The matcha was poorly mixed, unbalanced, and extremely bitter -- I would not recommend it! The Dong Ding Mountain oolong was delicious, slightly floral but with all the depth and complexity of a good oolong. The service was good though I was a bit miffed when they attempted to swindle us by recommending their "amateur" tea menu; Listed under the inconspicuous category "Blended and Scented," is an array of cheap teas made palatable to the general public via artificial flavoring and other dilutants. I'm a tea purist and, having grown up surrounded by high quality teas (my grandpa came from Fujian so he has made sure I've been well-versed in traditional Chinese tea culture), I have fairly sophisticated tastes. I, like most true tea enthusiasts, prefer my teas straight, without any milk, sugar, or artificial aromas to mask the taste of the tea. Tea should be appreciated on its own, with all its intricacies of flavor laid bare. Other than this one detail, the service was friendly, attentive, and pleasant. Despite the ridiculous price of our meager dinner fare (around $80 plus tax), I was quite taken by the pork belly buns (small but absolutely melt-in-your-mouth scrumptious), the oolong, and the general pleasantness of the service. So, I decided to throw the bridal shower here after all (especially since the bride was a huge fan of tea and wanted something laid back -- like I said, you're paying mostly for the environment here).The second time, we came as a hefty group of eight and they seated us at a large, beautiful wooden dining table off to the side, by the bookshelves. We were very grateful for the tucked away little nook because the tea house got busy quickly. We tried to order mostly tea and cheaper small plates because the prices were so exorbitant. Still, the tab came out to a whopping $300. Everyone's hunger was only barely satisfied, though the experience in general was still decent. The service was wonderful -- quick, attentive, friendly, and never rushed us even though we took a fair bit longer since we did gifts at the end. The general consensus about the teas was also favorable. I shared a pot of the Golden Monkey black tea (a Fujian tea with a smoky but smooth body) with the bride and another close friend. It was a delightful black tea but I still prefer the Dong Ding Mountain oolong for its surprising hint of floral brightness (though surprisingly, I'm not usually a fan of floral teas).All in all, it was an ok experience both times. If you are looking for a place to host a special meal, I'd recommend this place, maybe. For casual meals, definitely not. Better food and tea can be found elsewhere for lesser prices.Service: 3.5/5 -- Mostly fantastic, though I don't appreciate waiters condescending to customers by offering their cheap, artificially flavored teas.Food: 3/5 -- Decent, with a few gems (pork belly buns are great!) but all in tiny portions for ridiculous pricesAtmosphere: 4/5 -- Lovely, spacious, zenOverall: 3/5 -- Good, but burns a hole in your wallet for no good reason...
The food here is OK but seems overpriced. I've been here for dinner twice:The first time, I got the Pork belly steamed bun sandwich and Sha cha beef in a clay pot - both were quite tasty, light, and not greasy at all. Would order those again!The second time, I didn't like my food. I got the spicy Sichuan tofu and beef in a clay pot, which was incredibly salty. The same was true for the cold appetizer of Ginger spinach - too salty, nothing special. And I still paid a hefty $25 for the meal...
I would love to tell you about the food or the quality of the tea. Unfortunately, I cannot because we had to leave because of the lack of service.  I would like to give them the benefit of the doubt but we were denied service and the only difference between my family and I and the other patrons is race. So Radiance teahouse may be for you if your race meets their approval, otherwise you're only good enough to eat from their dumpsters.
This place wasn't the best dumplings I've ever had.  I've had Better in Dallas which makes me sad since i was in the city with the best foods!  Walking in the restaurant was very cozy and cute.  Lines of bookshelves filled with books to browse.  I liked the table chair.. Which I know is weird to talk about... But I love the high back chairs! The dumplings we ordered were the chicken and mushrooms which were great, the shrimp and greens which were okay, and the crystal shrimp which were really good.  Some places where the stars felt short, I saw they had a Dan Dan noodle bowl that I've heard is good but they had it with beef so I asked if they can make it with chicken but he said no because they don't have striped chicken.  Which doesn't make sense to me because in another dish they have chicken.  So we ended up trying the chicken with dates and mushrooms which was okay. Definitely try the tea though!  We got a pot of summer paradise and it was so great especially during this cold winter in the city!
The ambiance is nice and Chinesey and the tea is amazing - I had the vanilla black tea. The food isn't bad either - I had the chicken and mushroom dumplings and the crystal shrimp dumplings, the former being slightly better than the latter. The prices are a bit steep, but what else would you expect for Midtown Manhattan? Service is quite friendly and prompt and it seems like a nice place to chill and read, or journal furiously to Justin Timberlake as I ended up doing. I wish they'd give you more of a variety of sauces for the dumplings - maybe I'll ask next time. Anyhoo good times. Nice and quiet.
Interesting is a word to really describe this place. Half restaurant, quarter tea shop, quarter book store, this place is a myriad of things, but does not excel and at any aspects. personally i felt that the combination of the three definitely felt a little clunky and awkward.the food here was okay in quality, but did not really stand out in my mind. Although authentic in a sense, they tried to combine authentic asian foods in a unique manner, especially with the steamed egg custard being iincorporated in a large amount of their dishescome here for the unique experience, as this establishment really is one of a kind in new york
Wow!The tea is beyond so so good and beauty at the same time. The food is very tasty and the portion size is generous try the dumplings!!!Its clean and has a very nice atmosphere. It can get hot by the kitchen but the other side it cool.
Very good food, small portions do you can order more dishes. All of them are yummy!! Been back multiple times, will come back again.
Environment is not bad. Most Chinese places are too cozy. This place is nice and clean. However the food is not the best. Can't say it's Sichuan food or American Chinese. Everything is in a very small portion. We ordered some vegetables and it came with 6 leaves. Mush room beef stew was 5 beef slices. It's not French fusion...
I don't understand why this was rated so highly. I didn't have a bad experience here, but I don't think this deserves all the hype that it gets. This is a very cute place for date-- bonding over a pot of tea and some dim sum. But be careful what you order! A pot of tea and some pork dim sum (5 pieces) cost me about $25... I mean, I can easily go to any Chinese restaurant and get my pot of tea for free when I order 3 different dim sum bowls for $15. So is this place worth your money? No. Definitely not. But, it might be worth it to you if you're trying to take a cute girl out on a date to have some afternoon tea.
Pleasantly surprised. The dumplings were delicious and the tea was even better. I sort of randomly picked the ginger peach tea and I'm so glad I did! The prices are a little high, especially for just some dumplings and tea, but I enjoyed my experience. Service was also very friendly. Food 5/5Service 5/5Atmosphere 4/5Price 3/5
I do not remember trying the food here...but I think every time I come I get the Tea Affogato.Her Majesty's Bliss: pitcher of earl grey milk tea served with vanilla ice cream (you pour the tea over the ice cream and drink the creamy mixture, and repeat until the ice cream is all melted). This is definitely something you need to share, unless you can down a full pitcher of milk tea on your own!Green Tea Peppermint Utopia: pitcher of sweet green tea with peppermint leaves served with green tea ice cream. I love green tea ice cream, but the minty flavors are a mini-kick to your taste buds. Pretty refreshing, but definitely adds extra character to the green tea flavors.Enjoy :)
We came here on a Saturday and the service was extremely slow. There weren't that many people in the restaurant either. All we ordered was tea, not sure why they took so long. Be prepare to pay $20 for just hot tea (for two). One of the tea pot we received were cracked at the tip. The worker didn't show any interest of being there.
And EXCELLENT selection of really fantastic teas, and good service. Setup cute and library-like. Lots of adorable tea sets for purchase.On the food side, you HAVE to try the pork belly buns. So amazing that we ordered 3 times for the table to share. The curry chicken roll was very yummy as well, and from 3-4 types of dumplings, none disappointed. Very enjoyable experience.
Hands down the best authentic Chinese food I've had in New York for the over a year time I've been here. I'm a big foodie so I've tried all sorts of Chinese restaurants around Chinatown, St marks, and the city in general (upscale Michelin star: hakkasan, Mr. Chow, etc). This surpasses every dining experience I had, and made me miss homemade Chinese food a lot. For anyone looking for real Chinese cuisine, this is it guys, look no further!PS: I loved their tea, I had hawthorn & plum (I think, don't remember the exact name). I really wanted to buy that but it's not a tea bag sorta thing, it's genuinely brewed. So I've decided to go to Radiance just for their awesome tea!
Summary:  Great for business if you have folks that can't drink.  Snacks are pretty delectable.  Too bad they don't have an alcohol license.  A little loud, so chose table wisely.Atmosphere: The only people I don't take here are my Chinese friends who are here for 1 or 2 weeks since it really looks exactly a tea house in Asia. Anyone else, they love it. Either its quite different to them or it reminds them of Taiwan, Shanghai, etc.  It's a little loud for some reason and the tables are extremely close, so you need to watch out for where you sit if you are trying to have a more private conversation.Service:  This can be mixed, hence 1 star off. It primarily isn't so much that its bad as it sometimes is sparse and - after ordering - there can be a wait on food arriving and on getting your check. That said, service actually does a lot more than most places. They are there to help you select and educate you on tea. A few have told me about the pouring of tea and helped understand how to properly steep tea.  The Tea:  Great selection and while pricey, if it's going to be front and center, it's ok in my book.  Usually, I would have a host of suggestions, but this menu is one where you should potentially try them all.Food:  Actually incredibly good. It changes winter to spring, but in the winter, I would get the hot pots.  This is not hot pot (boiling soup) this is clay pot, in case you're chinese and you get confused.  Clay pot is awesome pot (wait... i didn't mean it the 411 way).  Anywho, to me all the food is extremely "qing" a word that means clean/clear/light, etc in Chinese.  That's quite nice if you've been shopping all day or just feel heavy from a week of going out with clients.Dumpling Sampler - Love the high end ingredients. Some may feel its expensive for dim sum, but I think if you realize you're comparing to midtown and not compromising - for once - on quality, thumbs up!!All of the Casseroles - quite nice. I personally like the spicy fish and tofu.The Wellness soup - this is great if you have a cold and is a lai-tang which rarely exists anymore. Al the desserts are great. I personally love the freshly baked cookie and mochie platters, but go for whatever looks good.
Came here for brunch with a friend.  We ordered White Peony Tea with the following dishes:- Shrimp Wonton Soup- Hot & Sour Seafood Soup- Chicken Wonton with Chili Sauce- Pork Belly with Chinese Broccoli- Mango PuddingEverything was delicious and just the right portions for 2 people.  Entrees are a little pricey for the size of the serving.  The mango pudding was really good and tastes like it has real mango in it.  The tea house is a nice, quiet, and relaxing place to go.  The interior decor is nice too and is an Asian theme.  I would come here again.
The atmosphere is very calm, open, and airy. I do think their food is a little bit overpriced. You're probably paying more for the presentation. We ordered the dumpling sampler and chose the Xiao Long Bao and the chicken and wood-ear mushrooms. They were decent but you can definitely get better dumplings in Chinatown for cheaper. We also ordered the steamed egg. It was also good. Comes with steamed vegetables and the egg is light and a little brothy.I did leave still feeling hungry. I wouldn't recommend this place for lunch if you want something filling, but then again it's a tea house and I probably should have ordered the tea.
this place has AMAZING dumplings. the skin of the dumplings are just the right texture and they're really juicy. I also ordered the egg custard and sea bass. the portion of the sea bass is really small but it was delicious. the egg custard was silky but I wish the soy sauce was more evenly distributed. I also had their vanilla icecream on an earl grey tea cookie and that tasted pretty good. all in all, I enjoyed my experience here and would recommend it to anyone craving dumplings!! (sometimes service is a bit slow)
This tea house is a good place for studying/reading/writing. The service can be a bit slow the few times that I've gone, but always pretty friendly. My favorite is their hot ginger milk tea, super unique flavor and yummy!
Why are the reviews here so good?  My experience was a disappointment.  Service:  you have to make eye contact, waive to get service.  There's not enough people working even for a Thursday night.  They almost forgot about me.Food: shrimp sumai in chicken broth.  The broth tasted like water.  The sumai was ok.  Definitely over priced but that's mid town.  The pork buns were pretty tasteless.I would not recommend this place to anyone, especially if you're trying to entertain guests.
A wonderful tea house, book store, and restaurant with very authentic food. The variety of teas, both iced and hot, available for lunch and dinner were off the charts good. The dim sum was better than much of what I've had in Chinatown, without the long subway or pricey cab ride down to the Canal Street area. Decor was not the usual crappy kitschy dragon painting in cheap laminate frame. Their wall displays of tea pots and cups, and other art were tasteful, and the design of the room is great for both a business meeting or a nice meal with friends or a significant other. Service was excellent on both trips. They know how much to be present, and they allow the events at the table to flow as they need to.
So, I really really wanted to like this place, but a place that has "tea house" in its name that doesn't serve a decent pot of tea and charges $8 for what was hardly flavored hot water, I have to take off at least two stars.The location itself is great and the ambiance is fantastic, no complaints there. I also enjoyed it being uncrowded, so I was seated immediately, which was awesome, especially on New Years Eve in NYC. The service was attentive, so again, no issue there. Even the restrooms were immaculate, which again, in NYC, is a rare treasure.Where I was just so taken aback was how awful my pot of tea was! I ordered a pot their specialty seasonal White Monkey Green Tea, which was $8. I don't mind paying for quality at all, but when the tea pot came out and the waiter poured the tea into my glass, I thought it had not yet been steeped, so I tried steeping the water over the little tea basket, but to no avail. Seriously, there was absolutely NO flavor to this tea whatsoever. I even asked the waiter what I needed to do to make my tea stronger. I am an avid tea drinker and know what a good green tea should taste like and this was not it. I can't even express how disappointed I was with my tea experience here. Honestly, for high quality teas that are steeped and served correctly, you are better off going to the East Village's Physical Graffitea where you pay the same price, but for a much higher quality product.The food was at least somewhat redeeming. I had the dumpling lunch special with came with my choice of two dumpling styles (5pc each, so 10 dumplings total), some edamame, and a "seasonal" asian salad. The dumplings I had were the chicken and woodear mushroom and the veggie tofu. Both were actually pretty decent with the veggie dumplings being especially flavorful when dipped in the accompanying sauce. The edamame was bland (no salt?) and the "salad" was a hand full of quasi-marinated carrot strips. Again, for the price of $11.95, I didn't really feel I was getting my money's worth since the only decently edible things were the dumplings.Like I said, I so wanted to like this place, but I just can't get over how bad my tea was, so sadly, I can't recommend it.
Let me start my review by clarifying that I did not have a bad experience here. Nothing happened and I was not "rubbed the wrong way" or anything like that. I'm only writing this because the foodie in me would die if I didn't. I'm gonna continue by hitting you on the head with a whoever the hell gave this place such a high rating is a moron. The food was disgusting. You either need to up your taste for Chinese food or stop writing reviews. I'm going to focus my review on the food and not the decor of this place because after all, a restaurant should place its emphasis on food and not the Fa Ren Gong based decor/books (the fact that the proceeds of your meal goes to fund a religious organization is a whole separate article). What did I eat? Crystal shrimp dumplings - $9, seafood shumai - $9, soup pork dumplings - $8, sha Cha beef casserole (L) - $21, 8 treasure tea - $20, Hawberry plum tea - $8. The total came to a whopping $80.57. I can get the same food at higher quality in many place in NYC for half that price. Damn, I can get better microwaved versions of that food for a fraction of that price at a 7-11 in Asia. Why would I say that? Because the 3 dim sum dishes tasted exactly like it came out of a microwave. Poorly prepared and made of low quality ingredients. You don't need to be a foodie to know this. I'm pretty sure my cat eats better food than this. The sha Cha beef lacked in flavor other than sha cha. I'm not taking about some Gordon Ramsey shit here. I'm talking basic stuff like salt etc. The top layer of the casserole was cover with beef. The outer layer of the beef was charred and extra crisp (read: dried and burnt). Was the 8 treasure tea worth $20? I dunno, maybe they used some Fa Ren Gong enchanted gold powder as one of the 8 treasures and therefore making the costs go up enough to justify the $20 but taste wise, I don't think so. For the sake of writing a fair review, I must give them credit for their service. The waiters were attentive, friendly and accommodating. But damn, it takes a lot more than that to run a restaurant. Would I be racist if I said this restaurant feeds off unknowing non-Chinese tourists that roam the Times Square area? Maybe. But that's exactly what this is. I am taking my time of day to write this review because I want you to learn from my mistake and not go here. Please, do yourself a favor and go to one of the other amazing restaurants in this neighborhood. And if anyone else agrees with me on the subpar quality of the over priced food here, I encourage you to write a review as well so we can avoid having places of this caliber being a 4 starred restaurant on Yelp because that's just wrong on so many level.
Good selection of tea, tranquil and calming.  It was a really pleasant experience and the best tea house I have been to on this side of the continent.Not sure how the food is as we only ordered little dishes here and there but defiantly come for the TEA selection!
This place has a lovely ambiance and atmosphere along with an okay menu selection. The chef was not willing to work with allergies or substitutions, making it difficult for someone with a dairy or gluten allergy to find food here. The food we had was solid. The tea pots and books available for viewing and purchase were a nice touch to have around. Because of the lack of allergy-free food options we won't likely return.
The place is super cute! The ambiance was absolutely beautiful and serene.The teas are great, though slightly expensive, and the selection is quite expansive. I also had pork buns (they were okay), and I really want to come back to try the ice-creams.
The ambiance in this quaint little restaurant is a nice change of pace from the bustling streets outside. The few times that I've been here for dinner, on weekends around 6-7pm, and usually, there are empty tables all around, and from what it looks like, at least 6 workers on the floor. The food: Typically a hit or miss for the food. The beef dishes tend to be on the much more savory and tasty side, while the other dishes tend to be much lighter and bland, or just too much of the spicy oil/sauce that gives it a really odd sting in my mouth. However, as I haven't had much experience in the culinary world of Chinese food, I am never sure if it's just supposed to taste that way...The teas: Super awesome. While a bit on the pricey side, they do prepare the teas very well and are always tasty. Perfect for a hot summer day with their iced teas, or on a cold chilly day with one of their hot pots (Ginger milk tea!!!). Their teas in the tins are also quite nice, while a bit chilly. The chrysanthemum is my favorite as I've rarely seen this tea with its full flower for steeping. Delicious and refreshing!The service: Confusingly slow/fast. Usually, we're greeted right away, and shown to a table. Yay! This is where it gets weird, as a few times, we had to wait an abnormal amount of time to be acknowledged once seated. We would watch the waiters/waitresses move back and forth, and not look our way for about 10-15 minutes (when the restaurant is not filled up). We had to flag them down to get the menus and waters, and usually, it's that person all the way in the back who looks like they wished they didn't meet our eyes... (I am sorry for being a patron...?), but they are not rude and are quite friendly once we get past that moment. Just be prepared to wait a bit if you decide to eat here, due to the service being a little bit on the slow side. I would be more worried coming here for lunch, or if trying to catch a show after dinner.I do like the convenience of this location, and their foods when I'm in the mood for lighter fare.
First meal in NYC! I liked the ambience, but the place was fairly empty on a Saturday night. Our server was friendly and gave us a low down on their most popular dishes. I got the shrimp avocado summer rolls, which were fresh and came with a nice sauce. They were pretty good, but nothing great. Could have more generous with the shrimp. Was $9 and came with only 6 little pieces. My brother got the pork belly bao sandwich which was tasty! He enjoyed them, but everything was a little pricey and the portions won't fill you up. Again $9 for 3 little sandwiches. Overall it's quality food in terms of freshness, but look to spend a good amount of money and not get too much food.
I only drank their oolong tea and I didn't order any food. The kitchen closes at 9:30pm. The  is fresh and delicious. It's a quiet serene place to read a book or eat solo while being surrounded with lots of vintage Chinese decor like wooden chairs and landscape sculptures of streams of water flowing through. Service is fast and the waiters are all polite and accommodating.
I had wellness soup, chicken wontons, edamame, and assorted dumplings.  Along with several teas, there was nothing to not like here.   And the prices are reasonable.   Highly recommend this comfortable and friendly restaurant.
Best Cantonese pork buns I've ever had, including San Francisco and Houston dim sum! They're flavorful and the pork is almost like sloppy joe leave moisture which is surprising and wonderful.
The place is relaxing and the food is delicious. The soupy pork dumplings and the lychee lady iced tea are my favorite.
I had three days in New York, and I went here twice. That's how much I love it. The tea menu alone will take you fifteen minutes to read, it's so extensive. I bought a tea assortment for my parents, and when they saw the selection they were impressed by the rare Taiwanese teas included. The food is also excellent.My recommendations:- Pork belly sandwiches- Egg custard- Rose infused iced oolong teaThat rose iced tea was so beautiful and delicate, it made me want to cry. I can think of nothing more civilized and refreshing to sip on a hot day.I will add that the service is a little aloof and inattentive, but I'm giving it five stars anyway because I so love everything else about it.Oh, Radiance Tea House, why are you not in Los Angeles??
Went here a few weeks ago with my dad. The food was alright but my main complaint is that the service was terrible. The waiter barely ever approached our table, forgot one of the dishes we ordered, and was completely unapologetic. In fact, I made eye contact with him and even then he just ignored our table. As a customer I felt like we were treated extremely disrespectfully and the worst part was... The place was empty.That's what pushed me over the edge- if the waiters were busy running around then of course I would cut them some slack but they were literally standing around by the corner and ignoring us. Never again.
I'm a huge tea and ambiance fan, so I absolutely love Radiance Tea House. I've tried several teas, and they've all been wonderful. The service is a bit on the slower side, but I appreciate it as it's just the vibe here. If I had servers darting around me, this place wouldn't be so serene, huh? The service is wonderful here, besides the pace! When I ordered the Iced Earl Grey Latte, I asked for simple syrup on the side and my server brought me honey and rock sugar syrup. Huge plus for covering all bases!Small detail, but I really like the thick glasses of water. This establishment is always well maintained, and just a chill spot to read a book or wait for a friend in the hustle and bustle of NYC.The food is okay - I've tried the Chicken Dumplings, the Soupy Pork Dumplings (these were my favorite) and the almond tofu (the strawberry puree is a bit much). I would just recommend coming here if you have some time to kill, or want to chat with a friend, rather than eat a full meal (as the portions are small, making it on the expensive end for okay Asian cuisine).
Nice place to go if you want to visit with someone but the food and tea were nothing special. I guess a good place to eat if you can't handle too many seasonings or spices. The dumplings were yummy. The Chinese broccoli was steamed without much flavor. The teas we got did not impress me too much.
This is definitely not a 2 dollar restaurant. Although the individual dishes price is within 30 dollars，the amount is not enough for a person. And，the environment is really weird as it is being too religious
My team and I went here for lunch -- it was okay. Company paid, don't think I would have liked to pay for lunch here. I've had better dumplings. Bento boxes were okay. Service was slow. Go if you want a change of pace (slow), but if you're looking for some Chinese to blow your tastebuds - look elsewhere. *Haven't tried the tea. Heard good things, but it's also, like, 25 bucks for a kettle of tea.
I like this place! It's a little pricey and there's no wifi though. Although most things are good, I got a vegetable and noodle soup once that had no flavor.
Ahhhh! Radiance also carries pitchers and glasses of high quality iced tea. I sampled the lemon ginger today, which is melded with black tea and a hint of sugar. The tea isn't too watery and was very pleasant. They also have iced tea latte's and espresso drinks.I also ordered a vegetable egg custard, which was topped today with asparagus, garlic, pumpkin, mushroom, cilantro, and fish sauce.I am still a big fan of their zen vibe, super polite but down to earth service, free wi-fi, and natural light. I still also haven't tried every tea on the menu yet, so I'm sure I'll be back again!Update 4/18/2014 - they no longer offer Wi-Fi. Guess the restaurant and high end eatery business is more profitable for them vs the cafe model. Still a tasty place to hang out.
Love this place. I would recommend all my friend to check out this place. Nice tea and relaxing environment to have a nice chat.
Very affordable. I ordered the salmon salad which was great but not enough. Extensive and beautiful tea list. Definitely go for the tea at least!
Such a quaint, cute place. Huge tea selection. I came here once for lunch with my coworkers and everything seemed great. The food came out fine, so did the teas, etc. so based on that experience it would have been a 4 star review. The food is pricey and so is the tea. I came back today and I really had to demote it to a 2 star experience. The service was so horrible. The food came out in different times (this is lunch hour, that part is essential!!! we only have 1 hour) so one person in my party had already finished his food while another is still waiting for hers. That is completely unacceptable. And we've added a last dish halfway through- they didn't even log it! We waited for it and they've never added it. So we just said forget it and asked for the bill. For a place that wasn't really busy for lunch hour, they really did manage to mess up our lunch in every ways possible. Food is good, but pricey... But for that service and quality, pass it. The tea however, I will be back for that pitcher of sweet elixir ($18) but soooo good.
I came here for dinner....and that was definitely the mistake. This review is for having dinner here although I did have their tea which was pretty good. Maybe this place is much better for lunch or just for tea? I ordered the hot and sour soup, dan dan noodles, soup dumplings, and braised beef with mushrooms. I had read in a review that the hot and sour soup tasted like they just dumped 5 cups of vinegar in it, but I just wrote that off as the writer of the review probably not knowing what they're talking about. I personally love hot and sour soup, especially the vinegar (weird I know). But the hot and sour soup here....definitely way too sour. I would rather drink a bowl of vinegar - no joke. The soup dumplings also weren't very good. They didn't have much soup in them and they didn't taste the same as soup dumplings I'm used to. Also there was none of that sauce they usually come from and we didn't get spoons to eat them with...not that they were really needed. The dan dan noodles were ok. The braised beef with mushrooms weren't bad. Now for the service. It was basically non existent. No server ever came to our table for anything...I had to wave one down to order, to get my check, and to pay my check. The food came decently fast, but the service made the whole meal take twice as long. Obviously, maybe this is what people want when they come here for just tea, but this was definitely dinner time and everyone around us was eating, so you'd think they'd adjust for that. I may come here during the day to have tea and maybe some other dishes...but definitely never coming back for a meal.
We made reservations for a large party of 30 people.  We were able to be seated right away as we arrived as the restaurant opened.  Given this information, we were very disappointed in the service.  The staff was nice and friendly, but the food service came out very slow and disorganized.  For example, the soup did not come out until the end of the meal, even though it was the first thing that we ordered and the rice did not come until after we finished the main course.  Food was overpriced for the generic Chinese carry out restaurant flavor.We all enjoyed the atmosphere and decorations.  You get a sense of being in a sophisticated tea house.Might try going in a small group setting, but it's unlikely.Waitress/Servers: 4/5 starsFood: 2/5
This place offers a great escape from the fast paced ebb and flow of the city. That being said, it does not always accommodate what is available on the menu. I came here wanting to try the spicy beef noodle soup. Although the online menu listed it, they did not offer it at the restaurant. This was a little disappointing, but the quality of the food and the ambiance is still flawless. The only other complaint I have would be that it is overpriced for Chinese food. The same dishes could be purchased for half the price at any other midtown Chinese joint.
DECOR: 4/5-Gorgeous interior decor. Large paintings. -Teapots, books and tea leaves for sale along the wall and bar. -Large wooden square tables and chairs. -Seats about 30-40 people-I came with about 14 people not including us and it was moderately loud. Definitely not a place to drink and meditate.SERVICE: 4.5/5-Ben was our server and he offered us our choice of three teas. We chose green, black and fruity. Ben explained the history and why to use different pots for green, black and other teas. -The tea tasting for two experience was great. I learned more about how to properly brew tea. I love it!TEA/COOKIES/MOCHI: 4/5-Genmaicha tea with matcha (has chopped rice). Strong rice flavor which I enjoyed. This was the lightest flavor of the three. Use glass pot to lower the water temperature before brewing the tea. Goes great with the green tea mochi.-Keemun-Chinese black tea. Strong black and bitter taste. Ordinary, nothing special. Use clay pot bc it's porous and absorbs flavor over the years. For the tea fanatics and experts, use one clay pot for each type of black tea.-Apricot honey bush from South Africa. Bits of papaya, orange peel and apricot. The had a naturally sweet and fruity taste. Refreshing yet all the fruity teas I've had taste similar.-Homemade Tea Cookie Sampler ($8.50): I ordered this only for the Earl Grey Chocolate Chip except they ran out. The lemon ginger, green tea, rose and lavender were okay. The cookies were hard and dry.
This place makes me feel nice inside. I love teas.My trip here was very random as I was in area for a conference and it was bloody cold outside. So I used my trusty Yelp app to find out whats local and not too far. This place came up and it piqued my interest. A block from my main venue, I set out on a solo journey and less than 5mins later I was here.Not busy so I sat right away. It's an interesting setting with interesting people coming in to eat/drink.They have a long tea list and quite frankly "ain't nobody gat time for that"...I was on a fixed lunch break. I ended up with a scented tea. I mean, I just couldn't choose so I picked the 3rd item that appealed to me.For meal, I had the dumpling sample (beef and celery and the pork soup). I wasn't really liking the taste of the pork soup dumpling but that's because I have a personal distaste for  "meat" taste. I eat meat but it must be seasoned so I can't taste the core meat taste. I would like to try the other dumplings and even the rice dishes.Ideally, I would have loved to walk out with a cup of chai tea with soy milk (versus run to Starstruck* where I normally get it) but they didn't have that on their menu. Prob if I had asked  maybe they would have produced it somewhere. Earlier, I said I had a "fixed" lunch break... which was actually like 1.5-2hrs (quite long) so after my meal, I was scared I would be displaced from my table. But luckily, they didn't bother to scurry me along so I had a nice pleasant seat down period after my meal.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the area. The ambiance in the restaurant takes you away from the busy noisy city that lies outside the doors. the food here is pretty good but pricey. The tea is very good though.
I had the pork soup dumplings and the bbq pork buns. The soup dumplings were pretty good except that they were not hot. I'd expect dumplings to be piping hot, so this makes me question how fresh they actually are. The pork buns were flat out bad. They barely had any meat and the combination of the sauce and bun made it really sweet. Not worth the price. I did not try the tea, but everyone else in the restaurant seemed to be drinking it. Might be worth to get tea there only. The inside of the restaurant was nice and clean. It felt very quaint.
This place has a wide variety of tea options. The interior design of the restaurant is very nice too. However, the food portion is really small, you can literally count the number of vegetable on a plate. I personally think the food is fine, nothing too special.
Radiance Team House offers up a great zenful ambiance to escape from the busy streets of midtown. While I really loved the feel of the restaurant, the food was nothing special and very overpriced.For 2 people, we each got a small pot of tea, our own order of dumplings, and pork buns and the total came to $30 per person. I did like the pork  dumplings and the Cantonese BBQ steamed buns.Servers were also not very attentive as we waited for the check for awhile.
This review is only to their red bean bubble tea.This red bean bubble tea was very sweet for me. Even after adding water, didn't help and I had to leave about one third. The presentation was mess, contrary to the decor and what this place wants to be. Overflowing tall cup of the tea was coated with sugar and left my fingers to stick to the glass but the waiter seemed not bothered by it and left us alone. I think it's a good idea to ask for syrup on the side. My first experience wasn't good one but like most Yelper mentioned, it's quiet and never gotten busy.
Little hidden gem in midtown, a moment of zen and peaceful relaxation amid the turmoil. Great teas, dim sum, summer rolls, and lunch boxes. Try it all, come hungry and leave happy! Definitely get the veggie summer roll. Ask for chili sauce on the side with everything else.
Beautiful tea house. The eggplant appetizer and jasmine silver needle tea  were exceptional.
Amazing food and very authentic environment. Reasonably priced. Fresh ingredients and a variety of dishes. Absolute hidden gem in Midtown. Highly highly recommend.
I came here on a holiday for lunch, so unfortunately, I couldn't order their lunch set. So instead I got a small order of dan-dan men and five soupy pork dumplings. The dumplings were juicy and delicious, but they are really overpriced for the portion you get. The noodles were okay, but not very memorable. But I must say I really enjoyed the fruit and flower wellness tea. It was sweet, smooth and soothing, which was perfect for afternoon tea. If I ever return here in the future, it will just be for tea and desserts; I will pass on the overpriced and mediocre food menu.
I have had dinner and lunch for a number of times with colleagues because our office is close by. Radiance provides a nice ambience for friends to chat over snacks and tea. I would not come here for a full meal as the restaurant overcharge for their food and drinks, even for Midtown standard.I once came with a co-worker on a quiet weeknight to work on a project. We ordered a pot of ginger milk tea and two appetizers (avocado summer rolls). The server came by every two minutes to see whether or not we were done so that he could clear the table. It was especially irritating because the restaurant wasn't even busy! All in all: don't come here expecting a good dining experience.
This Taiwanese tea house is the perfect place to park yourself all day if you need to study, work, or just chill in a peaceful, quiet environment.  It was really quiet on a weekday evening when our group arrived.  It's casual enough that they didn't require us to all be present in order to be seated at our table.  There were others here also - some in groups and some solo - quietly chatting, enjoying tea and dinner, or reading.  It looks like you can plug your laptop into the wall and work away, too.I ordered the Chocolate Early Grey Tea Cookie w/ Ice Cream.  They kindly allowed me to substitute Black Sesame Ice Cream for Vanilla Ice Cream.  De-li-cious!!  The cookie is served on a skillet, literally sizzling hot, with a scoop of ice cream melting over it.  Verrry tasty.  Not $11 tasty, but good.Everyone else also enjoyed their soup dumplings, pork buns, and pots of tea (an extensive selection is available).  Good food, good service.  Only downside is that my dessert took a long time since they were making it from scratch.
Dan dan chicken was excellent and so was the beed and celery dumpling.  The food was superb.  Unfortunately,  the service and attentiveness of the staff made this only a 3 star event.  Perhaps it was because I was there with my 9 year old, I'm not sure.  We waited 10 minutes to have our order taken  (or evwn be addressed by anyone other than the hostess).   We ordered a tea and water along with out meal.  Meal came out in 15 minutes and the tea came out in 30 minutes.   Defeats the pupise of having a beverage with lunch.  Tried to alert the server but she was not attentive.  Water glasses were empty before the meal arrived and were only replenished after my second flag down.  The tea (sweet mint) was tasty but would have been better with our food.
Impressed by the tea. The Royal Keemun was expectedly strong - good to wake you up. The Rou Gui (I think) was delicate and smooth, with a lovely aftertaste. The soup dumplings were well-flavored, although my friend said that you can get better elsewhere. Cute place, nice ambiance. Overall, I felt that the items were overpriced.
Paul H. took me here as a surprise :) It was very relaxing and a nice change of pace from the typical hustle and bustle.The tea tasting was very well thought out and informative. The staff here really know their craft. We were able to choose three teas to try out. Paul and I chose a green tea, black tea, and a fruity tea. There are so many to choose from so I highly suggest talking to the staff prior to choosing because you'll be drinking a few pots of whatever you choose. The teas are great, I didn't notice any sweeteners but I don't think they really needed anything to enhance the flavor. The cookies available are not that great. If they were less dry and crumbly, I would definitely bump up the rating for this place :) Instead of bonding over a cup of coffee, I suggest coming here and banter over a pot of artisan tea.
Ugh Yelp, why do you not allow half stars. Really, this place is a 3.5 for me.I came here in the afternoon for lunch.The ambience in this place is great! It's so relaxing here, a perfect contrast to the busyness of NYC.I had the tropical salmon salad, soupy dumplings and the mango pudding. The salad was light but filling, and they even changed the dressing for me (due to certain allergies). I wish I had some more "soup" in my soupy dumplings. The mango pudding was sweet and creamy. Overall, the food was okay.I'll praise them for their tea varieties though! Lots of selections to choose from.Service had its pros and cons. Although my waitress was pleasant, she didn't seem too well-versed in the differences between the teas I asked about. But she had a good attitude and I appreciate that.
ProsNice ambiance, a mix of restaurant, library and a barVery tasty Szechuan foodExcellent variety of teas from all over the world (around 50 varieties)$8 for a cup of tea but enough for two to shareConsLimited options on the menu
So this place went downhill rather fast. Let's start with the good... location and a very good selection of teas. Ambiance is very nice and warm. The service however need improvement, because as of this time it spoils the experience. I was at this establishment on 2/11/2015 and while the tea was being served it was spilled all over the table. No one made any effort to wipe it up. I had to ask the waiter to do so. Though this place has never been known for its food, this time it was particularly tasteless. Xia Long Bao (soup dumpling) was soggy and lacked flavor. Shanghai Cafe does a better job of it. Overall It's really the service that would prevent me from trying this place again.
This place is amazing! I had some time left over before my flight back home so I came here to get some tea and food. Their xiao long bao is one of the best. I've written a previous review for a place in NY that has xiao long bao, but this place beats it 10X. It's called soupy pork here but you have to try it! The tea is very delicious and it comes out steeped so you don't have to wait! Quiet and calm so it's great to come and relax!!
This is the place with a secret story which i wouldnt tell in this review. I love their tea and it is a great place to meet friends. cute and elegant and affordable.
Stumbled on this place as I took a break from a conference in the nearby Hilton. I was cold, feeling sorry for myself for being away from my warm-weathered home in Texas, and bemoaning the fact that nobody anymore seems to be able to make a proper cup of tea. I had been staring morosely at the tops of my shoes, but was suddenly inspired to look up, up, up, into the sign for Radiance Tea House and Books.The tea selection (and service) was marvelous. And the lunch was lovely -- not too much, not too little, and all of it flavorful. I may go back tomorrow. Think about it -- during a trip to New York City where I could eat whatever I wanted, whenever I wanted, I may return to this place twice in two days.
With a vast amount of tea to choose from and Chinese cuisine, this place is the epitome of the perfect teahouse. The interior creatures the perfect calming atmosphere. It's a nice place to stop and rest with some to a read a book.
This is a kind of fancy tea place that I might imagine being a Confucian scholar poring over a scroll or a kept concubine whiling my time away in a pavilion if I closed my eyes and ignored the white guy sitting next to me talking about his family home in Vermont.But seriously, there's a pretty extensive range of tea in this place, and I like that the menu has little descriptions of flavors you can imagine your palate being tantalized by. It's a low-key, not-horrible place in Midtown to hang out, so if you're looking for a non-alcoholic alternative for a meetup, Radiance Tea House is for you.
Ahhhhh Radiance Tea House is such an oasis in the midst of hectic tourisy Time Square/ Midtown. The menu is a bit pricy than most local cafes but I still enjoy coming here time to time for the following reasons: 1. LOTS of quality tea selection that is good enough to share with groups of two or more. They refill hot waters too! My favorite is hojicha, and I recommend this if you're into nutty, roasted flavors. . 2. quiet environment/ambiance. The noise level is kept on the quieter side and the place itself is quite spacious. 3. their dessert, especially Almond Tofu with Strawberry Glaze was one of the better desserts i've had in a while. Really impressed by its soft airy texture with a just right amount of sweetness. 4. I am allowed to feel relaxed and free to stay as long as I need to, because waiters come occasionally only when the water is low. Now on to some factors that do not make me go crazy over this place:1. The interior design doesn't really match its menu price. I wouldn't say this is as fancy looking as other tea houses such as Cha-an.  For example, the chair isn't hard as rock but is not cozy either. 2. Since dimsum was made to order, it took 15-20 minutes to cook, but unfortunately I did not feel that it was worth the wait. On the other hand, the complimentary cookies served along with the tea are wonderfully nutty and tasty. Too bad the food isn't on par with something served for free.
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!!! Or money!!!!As you walk in, you're welcomed with a cute atmosphere and an empty place. I've been here a couple of times and there's always a lot of empty tables. It made me wonder because it's pretty strange to go eat in NYC without waiting for a table. The food was very mediocre, nothing tickled my taste buds. It was just okay. The service was horrible! We had to ask for water even though it was obvious that our glasses were pushed to the side awaiting to be refilled. I witnessed the waiter pass by and even was standing there chatting with another waiter. We had to request water every single time. Also, upon receiving my card, I noticed that the edges in the card looked like they were peeling off. I didn't think much of it; only to find out that my card had over $2,000 of charges that were not made by me. I recalled that this was the last place where my card was swiped by me. The charges were in Brooklyn and Long Island at modells, footlocker, a pizza place, cab rides, Payless! I just can't believe what monsters would do this and I even paid a very generous tip!!!! I called my bank and they are collaborating with the cops for further investigation.
I didn't expect much from a place that purports to specialize in tea and books, but the food here is legit!  The lunch boxes are a pretty good deal at about $13-$14.  When you get a lunch set, at least some of the sides are usually fillers, but from the dumplings to edamame to bean sprout salad, nothing was wasted. We've had the teriyaki salmon, beef noodles, and the pork belly sandwiches, and all were excellent.  Especially the pork belly sandwiches (pork buns), mmmmmm....the pork belly just melted--absolutely melted in your mouth.  And a generous portion of four buns in the box for only $13!  The salmon also simply melted the first time we had it.  It wasn't quite as succulent the second time, but still excellent.  The beef in the beef noodles were also perfect, although the noodles themselves are a bit bland.  I had the ice tea, which was very refreshing and just the right amount of sweet.  We're not talking Starbucks ice tea here.  The taste was subtle but sharp.  Definitely worth trying, although we skipped it during our second visit to keep prices down.  It's a bit hidden with a small entrance way in the middle of the block, but well worth the hunt.  Highly recommended if you're staying in the area.
Maybe good for tea, but food...NO! I ordered the BBQ pork buns and they came out ice old in the middle. The Dan-Dan noodle was over cooked and as we say in Chinese 死鹹（dead salty.) The spicy chicken dumplings had a very sweet sauce. I came from out of town, really wished to enjoy some good Asian food... But disappointing to say the least.
A great little gem. Delicious tea and dessert. I love the ginger milk tea. Haven't had their food, but it all looks good.
Ok food, nothing I would call authentic Chinese food. You can get better food elsewhere at a much cheaper price. I don't like the place for lack of service. There were three parties of customers on the day we went and we were the larger party. The waiter and waitress stood in the back chatting instead of serving; and inconspicuously they chatted about my party in Chinese thinking that we didn't understand them. Again beware of fraud!!!!! My friend's card was somehow tampered with and one of the people at the restaurant charged over $2k on her card!!!!
What a great little find tucked away in a corner of Midtown! My crew was craving a sweet treat after dinner and found this place on Yelp. Given the great reviews, we decided to give the it a go, and we weren't disappointed! There is an almost overwhelmingly large selection of teas on the menu (especially when compared to the minuscule dessert menu). Thankfully our server was very knowledgeable about the different types of tea, and helped us pick out three different ones, all of which were great! We also ordered the earl grey chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream, which the server mentioned was the most popular choice for desserts. The hint of earl grey is almost a little to subtle for the untrained palette, but I did like the warm doughiness of the cookie against the cool, creamy vanilla. The service is attentive, and they were more than happy to refill our teapots and re-steep our teas as we sat and chatted.Next time I'm around, I know where I want to have my afternoon tea. (:
Had some Honey Aroma Pu'er today. Last week I tried their White Monkey Green tea (Spring Flush) and it was a real delight. I am a huge fan of tea (My personal favorite are Oolong and Pu'er), and I am usually picky, and try to get my tea from friends traveling to Taiwan or China. The truth is, it's not that easy to find good quality tea in the US, especially New York, where everyone is a coffee addict. This Tea House offers you many options, which is refreshing. The food is also pretty good, the atmosphere very peaceful, the music is lovely, it's a great place to work actually, the area near the library. Here's a photo of the lunch box I had the other day. It's the one with Shrimp. The sauce was delicious, light and creamy, even though it doesn't look like a lot, it was still quite filling.
We started off with dumplings, chicken and wood-ear, soupy pork, and handmade pork/vegetables. I would say their chicken and wood-ear dumplings were the best, definitely worth ordering. The soupy pork dumplings are just like xia long bao and really aren't dumplings. The handmade pork & vegetable dumplings are good, but I wouldn't recommend it for the price.Then the stick rice and pork starter came. I thought this dish was really well made, and the sticky rice just fell off of the lotus leaf. A little pricey compared to other dimsum, but still worth ordering. The main entree, teriyaki glazed salmon rice bowl, had juicy salmon, but I wish the salmon was seared more to so the juices would stay inside instead of flowing out as soon as I started to eat it. The shittake mushrooms had a flavorful aroma and tasted delicious.  For the price I paid, I would consider Radiance Tea House to be expensive chinese food. Everything is slightly overpriced, yet I was still left satisfied with the food I ate and service I received.
Surprisingly lovely. A little oasis in a busy part of town. A full menu of creative foods, dumplings particularly good. The tea menu is amazing. Radiance Tea House is definitely added to the routine.
Can't wait to come back here again! So charming and everything was perfect...food, service, and the retail items. I will definitely come back.
The environment is great, foods looks good. However the taste is just normal, and most of the dishes are too small. I waited an hour and half but be told that the chef forgot my order. The service was bad, they will not come to you before you call them several times.
A very relaxing atmosphere. Tea selection excellent.Food was yummy. I had the radiance green summer roll and tofu veggie dumplings both very good. Portions were a bit small.Overall a good experience and I would return.
Looking for a place to chill between the odd hours of lunch and dinner. Found this tea house on my phone app. I was expecting a traditional old school Chinese tea house. Radiance is quite far from my mental image. The tea house plus book store setting seemed rather strange to me. At first glance It looked nothing more than just a slightly more serious fusion bubble tea house.The odd ambiance aside, the tea is great. You know they mean business with such an extensive menu. I have been to fancier tea house with much less of a selection. I have found everything I want plus a lot more. The TeaOrdered Gyokuro and Dragon Well. Both were excellent. The gyokuro are decent quality leaves and not cheaper broken ones. Dragon well tasted sweet and crisp.The FoodDumplings were good. Had the chicken and woodear variety. The skin was thin and soft, the fillings were tasty. They were much better than a lot of dumplings I had in dim sum restaurants.Their mochi are one of the best I have had. You can pick 5 out of the 8 flavors they have for the mochi platter. I opted for red bean, taro, black sesame, black tea cream and sweet milk. I was quite surprised to find out they are all quite different in terms of texture and shape. The best was red bean. Very soft and chewy texture with exquisite fillings. It was sweet with a slight hint of savory. Taro was a close second. If you like something firmer and sweeter, the black tea cream wasn't bad. Overall a great casual place to wind down. Service was good and the tea & food were excellent. The ambiance might be a bit lacking if you are looking for something classy, formal and serious.
To say that it's difficult to find a calm and quiet spot in the middle of Manhattan is an understatement. With the lights of nearby Times Square, the countless store displays and theater marquees, and the cacophony of vehicles and pedestrians, West 55th Street is hardly the first place one would think of for a tea house. After all, tea houses by tradition are places of calm relaxation, venues for idle conversations, and even sources of serenity. But perhaps the hope of providing just that is what the proprietors of this lovely tea house had in mind when they opened Radiance Tea House in the winter of 2008. Once past the modest entrance visitors are welcomed with a smile and seated promptly. The soothing music will relax you at once and by the time you've perused through the tea selections and made your choice you would have forgotten the hustle of the outside world. The tea selection is quite expansive and excellent in variety and quality. Purists would be happy to indulge on classic brews such as black teas from China and India, genmaicha and green teas from Japan, and oolong tea from Taiwan. For those with a preference for milder flavors or herbal and fruit blends, their selections of herbal teas are delightful. Names such as Phoenix Blossom, Eight Treasures, and Sweet Dragon Eye will catch your attention and ingredients such as goji berries, verbena, and cassia seeds are mixed together to produce teas that are soothing, aromatic, and flavorful.
Listen, all you tea drinkers! This place is the Mecca. This is an equivalent of a beer fest for all you tea aficionados.Tea selection is epic. Good complimentary food too. Their soupy dumplings (not same league as Joe Shanghai) are good. The regular dumpling sampler (chicken and mushroom) is fantastic although I wished for larger portion-size. I was on the fence with the decor.Overall, this place surpassed my expectations and I highly recommend especially in the Rockefeller/Carnegie/Columbus Circle area. Prices are within reason but prepare to be hungry.
I won't be going back. I would not recommend this place for lunch, given that most people only get one hour for lunch. If you have all day on your hands, then maybe go for it....We picked this spot based on a combination of location and positive reviews. When we were seated, I was pretty sure we had made a good choice. The ambiance was nice, certainly a welcome calm amid the hustle and bustle of mid-town, and the food being eaten at tables around us looked pretty good.We didn't order a ton of food as there were only two of us. Some shrimp dumplings, tofu & vegetable dumplings, the salmon salad, and a pot of tea. We waited for a while, and the tofu & vegetable dumplings finally arrived. They tasted good, nothing mind-blowing, but good. Then we waited. Somebody attempted to clear our table, but we let her know we had more food coming. She looked surprised, which should have been our first clue.After waiting another 15 minutes, we asked our waiter about the shrimp dumplings and the salad. The waiter told us he must have forgotten to put the salad on the ticket, but he assured us the shrimp dumplings would be out shortly. The salad came about 10 minutes later. Still no sign of the shrimp.After several more plates came from the kitchen for other tables, we were feeling pretty fed up. We also needed to get to a play on Broadway, so sitting around all afternoon waiting for dumplings wasn't an option. One hour after ordering, we asked them to cancel the shrimp and bring us the check. Even that took several minutes...$33 for one order of dumplings, a salad, a pot of tea, and mediocre service that takes far too long is simply not something I would ever think of repeating, and it is not something I can, in good conscience, recommend.
They have the best lunch special! Paired along with an amazing tea selection, and great staff this place is the best restaurant in midtown. It's tucked away and never super busy. I recommend the summer in Paris tea, it's delightful!
I had a nice time here. The food was good but I accidentially ordered a ice tea, instead of hot tea... did not really like it but there was nothing wrong with it.Their tea prices are steep (excuse the pun). I forgot what I ate, but I remembered it was good. Interesting atmosphere. Attentive staff.
Beautiful spot. Great place to bring girl friends or your mom.I love the clean, open, airy layout. It feels very restful being here, a welcome respite from the usual narrow, crammed, noisy restaurants in NYC. I've been here twice. Once for afternoon tea, once for lunch. The tea set is lovely, and served with a wonderful presentation in which your server explains how to properly steep the tea. The food portions are small, but they are fresh and beautifully prepared. I especially liked the green tea soba noodles. One thing I didn't like, though, was that we were supposed to get 5 different little desserts and instead we got only 2 desserts and 3 servings of ice cream. I guess they ran out of things that day.The lunch menu is nice but very limited. I had the shrimp avocado box and I have no complaints, it was delicious. One star deduction for the prices, they are pretty expensive for the quantity of food.
After a blustery day walking the streets in NYC the week before christmas, ths place was very close to our hotel so we stopped in. Zen like peace and clean wholesome food..
