I was working a few blocks away, and I thought that I'd get something good for lunch. I should have known by the chaotic ordering process that I was wasting my time. People lined up 5 wide and shouted out their orders. Sometimes the guys making the food heard them, sometimes not. I ordered, waited 10 minutes, then asked where my food was. "Did you order yet?" was the response I got. A lot of people gave up and took off for greener pastures. As for the food, I got a combo with rice, a kati roll etc but everything was lacking in seasoning and flavor. The food couldn't hold a candle to the Halal carts in Arlington VA, much as it pains me as a native NYer to say that. I don't think that I've ever had Indian food that needed salt before. The price was great, $7, but the experience left much to be desired. I won't be back.
Went here late one night to satisfy our drunk munchies. The guy that worked there was very nice and friendly. Ordered the Combo Kabab and shared it with my boyfriend. Don't make the silly mistake I did though...the Combo Kabab is NOT a Kabob :) So, I didn't really get what I was expecting...but it was my own fault. The Combo Kabab is a combo of chicken tikka and chapli kabab chopped up with and mixed with rice. I told him I liked spicy, so he made it REALLY spicy for me. It was quite tasty, but be carefully telling him you like really spicy. Next time I would tell him medium for the spice level...and I like pretty hot food. Good place for late night munchies. We went there around 4am. I think he starts at lunch and is there all night. He might be 24hr, not sure.
Won't you take me to... Vendy town! Biriyani Cart is a worthy winner. No question. Take your $6 up to 46th & 6th and try some of the best Indian food money can buy in New York City.
It takes some motivation for me to walk 4 blocks from office for lunch and the Biryani Cart provides me with exactly that motivation! The food is a welcome respite from the regular salad/sandwich/sushi/mexican lunches and I definitely prefer it to the dozens of other carts lined around the area. Chicken biryani and kati rolls are superb and delicious. However, there is total chaos with the line (if you can call 20 ppl hovering around the cart at the same time one!) and most are confused about when to order. You have to keep showing your face from time to time and reminding them of the order, otherwise keep waiting forever!
Chicken biryani.  I could not eat it fast enough  and even when it got cold it was still good. The chicken was perfect  the couple of golden raisin s in it were a great accent to buttery rice. And it was cheap food. Man was it tasty.
In terms of food quality, the Biriyani Cart is about 75% hit and 25% miss. Most of the time you're going to get well prepared food that tastes quite good. Once in a while, though, you'll get crunchy rice with weird bits of god knows what in your meal (like the meal today I took a bite of and tossed into the bin). The flavor is usually quite good regardless.Service-wise, it's pretty much 95-100% miss. They're busy (only because basically every other cart in the immediate area is pretty awful) and it's an absolute mess. You could walk up there with 2 other customers waiting around, and somehow not get your food for 15 minutes because other folks walk up in the interim and the cart owners pay no attention to who ordered what, when. You place an order but they just make whatever they feel like, call out what they have ready, and the most aggressive/pushy person gets it regardless of how long they were on line.The food is good enough for street food, but not good enough to put up with the nonsense. If they ever got their act together I'd go there every day, rather than the 2-3 times month I can bear to deal with it now. Given the terrible service and inconsistent quality, I couldn't give it 3 stars. If they got their service on par with other carts they'd manage 4 stars most days. Those Vendy awards are test-kitchen based, not everyday-food based.
Great food. High quality an delicious. Every dish is yummy here.
Really fast, really good.  Chicken biriyani was perfect.
this is waaay better than the kati roll company and less c@$h. I used to work around this area and I often find myself waiting in line for two delicious kati rolls despite all the other lunch options in midtown, you really can't beat greasy, spicy, tender lamb kati rolls for $6. Their biryani is quite good as well, i would eat that instead of the highly overrated chick n rice any day. also mcd is right across the street, nothing beats a $1 cone after some kati rolls...thats right I keep it classy.
line stretched around the block after a writeup in the ny times.  for good reason, the kati rolls here are the best i've had in nyc, and prob better than the ones back in the homeland (yeah, i know, a little ridiculous).  it's odd that it's called biryani cart tho, should be called roll cart or something.completely disorganized however, line was out of control, people were complaining that they were getting ignored, in the middle of it they ran out of rolls, a mob scene almost ensued.  ran out of their quickly as soon as i got my order in case i got mugged by an angry line-stander...
Its is really that good. The Lamb and Chicken Kati rolls are sloppy but excellent. I love the iceberg lettuce and the sauce. Get them extra spicy but bring your napkins.And when you want something really special try the Chicken Biryani. It is delicious. So seriously excellent street meat.
I will have to give this place 5/5 just for the khati roll. I went to this place after a night of drinking. Shared an order of khati roll with my friend( you get 2 for 6$ ) I ordered the spicy roll. It was amazing. Hand down the best roll in NYC by far..
this is the best street food in NYC and maybe the best Ive ever had.  the kati rolls are amazing, spicy, creamy goodness.  easily the best kati roll in NYC as well, those places in the village are nothing compared.
best frickin biryani cart i have tasted- ever! you can get the chicken biryani which comes with a bit of 'salad' whis really just lettuce, the rice with chicken and yogurt on top. mix it all together and chomp it up. i would recommend splitting the biryani plate and the chicken kati roll (comes with TWO rolls!). this is a good lunch, dinner or late night meal. and so cheap. if you come to NY you must try this!
I decided to try this after hearing that it won the Street Cart Vendor Awards in the past. I wanted to try the chicken tikka masala but it sold out. I chose to get the chicken biryani rice instead and it was pretty good! And for someone that hates having sweet foods in her dishes, I loved the yellow raisins that were in it. It really compliments the dish. I'm only giving it 4 stars because the portion is small for $6. What can I say, I'm spoiled by the large portions from the famous Halal guys, hehe.
This guy is bomb.  Went there twice in a three day stay.  The little rolls are delish, and the Tikka Masala, while different from what I've had (I think I've  had all the Indian that SF can offer), was a veritable flavor hurricane.
after having consumed enough alcohol the night before to kill an entire family, i was craving something flavorful and filling.  after walking up and down 6th ave searching for the perfect roach infested cart, i stumble upon the biriyani cart.  believe me, it was no easy choice.  other carts in contention for my hard earned money were the jamaican cart, dallas bbq, and the gajillion halal carts lining every street.there was a long line so it must be good.  plus i was jamming to the hindi music blaring out of the speakers on the side of the cart. i ordered two kati rolls, one chicken and one lamb and ran the whole way back to my office (same block) so that i could devour my kill.ridonkulous goodness ensued.  the kati rolls had the perfect spicy kick to them.  the wrap used tasted super fresh and was really tastey.  the meat had a great crunch to them, just like when you're bbq'ing and the ends get all chippy and i was feeling the fresh veggies.  overall, for $6 bucks you can't go wrong.  in fact, i might get two more before i go home!
I had too high expectations for this Grey Poupon award winner. The kati rolls were, in fact, pretty good but did it blow my mind? Not necessarily...My roommates and plus 1s (total 5 ravished girls) devoured the 6 different "flavors" on the kati roll menu. Pune and chennai were my favorites. The veggie one with the egg was pretty good too.I definitely want to try the chicken and rice....
I walked over here today for lunch and judging by the crowd around the cart knew if would be worth the walk. Ordered two of the Kati rolls, you can get lamb or chicken, tried the lamb. I have never had these before so wasn't sure what to expect, only way I can describe them would be they look like two loaded fajitas. The bread was grilled and had some substance to it, the lamb was about the same as gyro meat and it came garnished with lettuce and some vegetables with a nice mildly spicy sauce. They come two an order and for me that's good for a light lunch. I would go back again but think I might try one of the Biriyani's since they seemed to be ordered the most.
I like biryani so I stumbled upon this cart and I wanted the goat biryani, but they were out of it, so I got the chicken and I wanted a samosa, but they were out of it too. I thought it tasted pretty good, but I felt there wasn't enough chicken. Next time I want to try the Chicken Tikka Masala AND a samosa!
Don't let the mob of people (literally) constantly surrounding this cart scare you away! The confusion of not know who's ordered or who gets their chicken biriyani next might be frustrating, but these $6 plates are definitely worth it. The chicken is very tender, the rice is nicely seasoned (not too spicy), and the sauce is great! Plus they throw in an egg which adds some variety to all the chicken and rice you're going to wolf down. While I obviously wouldn't ride the subway to get food from this cart, I would say it is worth about a 10 block walk.
Awesome food. Used to work right near the cart and during busy times i would eat it for lunch and dinner. The kati rolls are that good. The spicy chicken kati rolls have a great mix of heat and sweet. I make trips uptown just to get these for lunch every once in a while. Its also super cheap. You get 2 for $6 and its just enough to satiate any appetite.
Ok what's all the big rave about people? Maybe my expectations are too high for cart food in general. I thought it was OK. Got one of the chicken platters - it was good but probably not worth walking those extra blocks and waiting in line.
I love this place!!!  The kati rolls are beyond amazing!!!  I have tried all flavors and each is consistently good.  The spices are just right and the rice is also delicious.  As others have mentioned there is usually a wait/line but trust me it is worth it so just be patient!
I went here last night, simply because I was stuck in a meeting and it was SO late (almost 10 PM) and I was starving.  I had no clue what was in the area, or what I wanted.  I asked the man for some kind of chicken, in a pita.  He asked me a few questions about spicing and flavors, and I walked away with $5 worth of food that I thought was great!  Next time I will definitely order something specific, but the man was nice, the place was clean, and the food was good.  I was happy with my experience.
The rice can be a little chunky off peak hours. I prefer the Kwik cart myself.
Delicious! Love the chicken kati rolls and chiken biryani.  Can't really get better than that for $6.
I had the Chicken Tikka. The rice was good but it doesn't compensate for the 4 tiny pieces of chicken that came with it. For $6, I expect better. I had originally meant to go to Kwik Meal cart at 45th & 6th, but the line was HUGE so gave the Biryani cart a try. I should have stuck with the long line. I've just crossed this place off the list.
I am Indian, I am South Indian - so I know a thing or two about biryani and kati rolls.  This is simply superb indian cooking.  The meats are EXCELLENTLY seasoned.  The sauces are well balanced.  The veggies compliment the meat well and do not seem like an afterthought.  The paratha that is used to wrap it is buttery and yummy.  And the kati roll with mint sauce in it is simply excellent.  You cannot go wrong with getting 2 kati rolls for 6 bucks here.  It will fill you up - but not to the point you will feel gross.  Next time I am bringing a friend and splitting the biryani.  You cannot go wrong with this place and honestly the food at this cart is so much better than some of the sit down places in nyc.
I love Biriyani Cart! The people are super nice and the food is delicious and not overly greasy. The rolls are great (you can mix and match 2 for $6) and the tikka masala is a winner.Cherry on the ice-cream: they're open on Saturdays!
I have never been more excited to visit a street cart in my life.  (And I'm speaking as an avid fan of Al Jazeera's Street Food.)  And I have never been so incredibly disappointed.  Everyone on yelp made it sound so delicious.  I thought I'd have biryani the way it was meant to be made.  I thought it would rival the biryani you can find in dive restaurants in Mobasa.  I thought I'd return again and again for life and sings the Biryani Cart's praises forever.  This was  not to be.  On a recent Sunday I set out.  My heart filled with anticipation.  I made my way to midtown.  I found the Biryani Cart.  With $6 in my hand I requested the vegetable biryani.  (If the fish curry had been available I may have gone that route and this would be a different review.)  I was excited, yet slightly suspicious when I saw the same sauces available at any halal street card being poured over my rice, but I kept the faith.  Making my way across the street, I sat down and dug in.  EPIC FAIL.  There's nothing else to say.  My amazing biryani tasted exactly like the rice at every other street cart in Manhattan.  Maybe there were a few more spices but...  this was nothing like what I expected.  I put on a brave face and ate some more, but it didn't help.  I took it home and threw in some berbere to add some flavor for dinner.  Very disappointing!  Maybe I'll try again on a weekday.  Maybe not.
Does anyone know what days and hours they usually operate?  I'd like to catch them outside of typical work hours. Thanks.
First time trying street food in Manhattan and made the right choice! Had the spicy buradi for lunch and it was very delicious. Next time I might ask for extra spicy just to spice it up! I also have not tried the chicken biryani but everyone around me was getting that so I'm gonna try that next time too.
The kati wraps are AMAZING here. Super greasy and junky, with a nice thin chewy wrapper and lots of spicy lamb/meat and a mix of veggies inside. These taste way better than I can describe. It's like the bad boy version of Chipotle. Definitely not healthy, definitely delicious!! You get two wraps for $6, and that's enough for a huge meal or two small meals!
Mmmmm.... my midtown lunch woes are over.  It's cheap, it's good, it's satisfying.  I'm still trying things out, but so far, everything's been good.  I was a bit bored by the veg biryani, but the chicken biryani made me very, very happy (I could do without the egg, honestly).
yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum, yum....you get the picture.  So good, you must try the Chennai and the King koti.  I visit NYC every now and then and am super happy they're still around.  I had to yelp them.
I hang with a crowd that has no problem driving extremely long distances for the worst quality of foods. Thankfully, the Biriyani Cart is nearby. Being a stone's throw from NYC, the last 5 or 6 years have seen me spend too much time at the famous Chicken and Rice/Platter/Halal Guy stand on 53rd and 6th. Boy was I blinded by the hype. That food is horrible and bland...but I guess I should save that for another review....Having just come down from the Chicken and Rice high recently, I scoured the Vendy Awards looking for my new pet project. And the Biriyani Cart is it. The Kati Rolls are simply outstanding. Spiced and prepared perfectly, every bite is better than the last. Unfortunately, I ALWAYS find myself caught in the situation where I want more, but know I should stop, but am still hungry, etc etc. 2 1/2 kati rolls is the perfect amount. King Kati Roll ftw! There is a reason why the lines can be long and reviews are pleasant. They even have a tiny Grey Poupon trophy to show their accomplishments. Keep in mind when you order that asking for "one" kati roll really means two, as they come in pairs. The language barrier presents the problem of accurately trying to order a specific amount. So if they give you too many, suck it up and eat them.
Ordered a chicken and a lamb kati roll, everything was just right. The lamb was soft and not chewy. I was warned about the onions from my coworker, next time i'll tell them to put less in. By the time I was done with my lunch, i had to go back out and get a pack of gum. easy on the onions.
I downgraded them a star after my experience today.  There was a long line.  It was actually more like a mob than a line.  Just a crowd standing around the cart shouting out orders.  The guys were working hard to keep up and the owner was freaking out because the building management was complaining about the crowd.  So I was very patient, didn't shout out my order and waited until I was at the front of the mob and right at the window to tell them my order.  One guy asked me what I wanted and I told him.  Then he asked several other people.  I stood aside and realized eventually that nobody was making my food and everyone else was getting theirs.  I went back up to the front and asked again if he got my order and ordered again.  The same thing happened.  After waiting around forever I decided to leave but gave it one more shot.  This time he finally made it.  It took him like 2 minutes to make it and he gave it right to me.  I had waited around for like 40 minutes.  Ugh.  Don't go at noon.
I'd never had Kati rolls, never even heard of them.  Thanks to Yelp, now I have and my only regret is that I can't get them were I live.  This is perfect street food.
Just ate here on Sunday night. We ordered four different rolls and Chicken Briyani and I'm sad to say that everything was too oily and over-sauced with that white goo. The flavors would be so beautiful if they weren't doused in fats. Sadly, I've heard that this is THE CART for briyani and rolls. Maybe it's because we went on a weekend, or maybe because the quality has tanked as others mentioned, but I was very disappointed last night. I'll go again on a weekday when the food looks better, hoping for tastier results.
Ok, I have no idea why you guys recommended I eat this. One word: heartburn. Yes, I know I shouldn't expect too much from cart food (and lunch in Midtown is almost always disappointing unless you're willing to spend a fortune), but seriously, within minutes I thought my innards were going to fall out of my body in flames. The food tasted like it had been made on a grill that hadn't been cleaned in weeks and everything in my kati roll seemed like it had been sitting out for hours. A bit of diarrhea later, I'd have to say I'll never eat here again. I'm only giving them two stars because they say the kati rolls are spicy and they actually are. And I love spicy food. That said, try the cart on 53rd and 6th ave. instead.
I had the combo kati rolls for $6 -- as everyone else has indicated, delicious and a super value. Will return.
I ordered lamb Kati Rolls and was disappointed.  The meat in the lamb Kati Roll was like the stuff on the spindle on every other street cart.  I would suggest sticking with the original Kati Roll Company for lamb rolls.  For the record, I am Indian too!
So I love street vendors, and the biryani cart reminds me why. At 2pm on a weekday, there was a 4-5 person line, but it took me only up to about 10 minutes from getting there to taking my first bite of their food. i got the 2 for $6 kati rolls. Chennai and king kati. It was yummeroo, perfectly sized, cleanly wrapped for munching on the go, and can easily be finished on the streets once you have walked to where you're going. I liked making walkersby jealous by dunking this stuff into my mouth. The rolls' breading is especially moist and juicy (maybe it was the oil that was engaged into it, but if you put your heart healthy diet on standby you're all goods). I'd definitely come back to try their chicken on rice because the yelp pictures have won me over.
Its the worst meal that I have had in New York and I mean it.. The Kathi roll tasted like a sheet of rubber on which chicken (i hope it was chicken). It was cooked alteast a day back. And the chicken biriyani was just bolied rice in which bolied chicken was placed. If you have any other option to go, please please please DO NOT visit this place.
this is not the real biryani, just some long grained rice with few spices by bangla dada's. original owner was supposed to be from calcutta, but i doubt you can call that bland rice biryani. i wudnt though.but the kati rolls are amazing, they are must try and thei chicken tikka on rice is nice.it is otherwise run by bangla dada's who cant talk to you and there is no proper line formed. ppl just crowd the place.
I am in love with this vendor! I walked through the snow to get some kati rolls during my lunch break since it had really good reviews.  It was a few blocks away from my workplace and I ordered King Koti Kati Rolls ($6 for two rolls).  I opened my mouth wide enough to get a first good bite of this roll. OMG.  The chickens were spicy, tender and seasoned very well.  I am going back here again to try out other choices for kati rolls.  I don't mind eating outside even though it is cold outside.  In th future, I might get the Bombay Spicy Chicken after I try out all the kati rolls. Let you know how good it is!
seriously, this is one of the biggest steals ever!!we had the lamb kati rolls and the spicy chicken biryani before rushing over to watch "In The Heights!" Service was quick and the total came out to $12 - one of the cheapest and most fulfilling meals during our stay.the kati rolls had lamb, lettuce, and was drizzled in some really spicy sauce, all wrapped in a crispy naan which really pulled the kati together. because it was fried, it made it THAT much better with that buttery taste, and much more flavorful! just amazing!! the spiciness was almost unbearable which is a plus in my book! the spicy chicken biryani was also very savory. consisted of yellow rice which had a yummy aroma of indian spices, spicy chicken, and came with a salad on the side. was also drizzled with some sauces! this was our first food cart here and we loved it and the food cart scene definitely did not disappoint!i know we will make it a point to come here the next time we visit!!
Three words.Spicy. Kati. Roll. OMG- they are so good. They are great at 12pm when the bread is fresh and great at 3am when they taste less fresh but soak up the booze better.I am having withdrawals in a big bad way.
I just went to this place (a 10 block walk) after reading reviews and maybe I made the wrong decision of going there! I am pretty tight on cash for the next month or so because I am a student. So I figured why not just get 2 plates of food and have enough for today and tomorrow. I know what all this food usually tastes like because my family cooks it when I am back at home. First of all I asked if he could put the sauces somewhere on the side (because I would like to re warm up the food) and he said he couldn't and kept pouring the sauces, so that didn't make sense to me. Anyway I just got home and started to eat the biryani, it has clearly gone "bad". Its like rotten tasting. Its hot out and Im sure its been in the cart all day. So now Im screwed. I wish I never got this. Ugh.
So this is the Biriyani Cart that won the Vendy Awards in 2008. I decided to get the Bombay Spicy Chicken Biriyani. The spicyness can be made to order and he put the perfect amount. But the rice in this biriyani didn't seem to be the same as my friend's order which was just the Chicken & Lambo combo over rice. His rice had some peas and green peppers which was more tasty. The chicken was great though. And the lamb meat tasted like lamb sausage/gyro meat. We were stuffed. One order for $6 feeds 2 ppl! This is better than the 53rd St/6th Av cart. But I still like the Kwik Meal cart at 45th/6th Av best because the rice doesn't taste as oily.
Updated this to reflect their new Juicy Wings Cart that I tried today.Its right across the street from the OG and Sandwich Land Cart on the NW side of 46 and 6th.4 flavors: "Tripple" X Fahrenheit is soaked in spicy naga chili and habenero. Texas Ranch is Jack Daniel's BBQ sauce.Sweet Wasabi is a honey glazed horseradish.Sriracha is self explanatory.I went with the tripple x farenheit. When I ordered them Meru gave me the "they're really hot" warning and I acknowledged but said press on! They were spicy definitely, not the hottest I've had but definitely packed some heat. I'm not sure how they are prepared. I didn't see a fryer on the cart but I could have missed it and these are indeed fried. I'm guessing they are fried ahead of time then grilled on the flat top and then coated in sauce. That works fine since these aren't breaded. You also get a little packet of blue cheese and salad with celery. You can also add naan, or rice, or a larger salad for $1 more. So how'd they taste? Well, they're like middle eastern hot wings. They have all the familiar spices we love from Meru and his other carts as well as a lot of heat. I would imagine getting the BBQ or sriracha wings would be a waste since they would offer no advantages over anywhere else but the Tripple's and the Wasabi Rooster have Meru's spin on it. I also tried to figure out why it was "tripple" and not triple. I came across a company with the "tripple" name that sells spice extracts and Meru might be using some of their extracts to flavor the wings. Thats just a guess though and it was too damn cold to have a conversation with him about it! For $6 though this would not fill me up like his other dishes. It was fun to split an order with coworkers.Matt
The Biryani Cart is one of my standby lunches.  I get there on the early side since I don't have the stomach for the crazy crowd that I do for their kati rolls.  I'm a creature of habit, getting the Chennai roll every time, and it's never done me wrong.
As one who truly appreciates a good food cart (I have slowly been trying the various Vendy nominees and winners around the city), stopping at the Biriyani Cart was a must.The first time I came I had the chicken over rice which was good but not the best I have had.  Still, I decided to give the cart another try and went for the kati rolls this time. Let me just say this -  the kati rolls are amazing (5 stars) and a must try for anyone with a fairly strong stomach (or that doesn't care about the potential impact eating a few of these delicious rolls may have).
Had my first kati roll today. Friggin awesome! I had the chicken which was spicy and tender. The best part was the roti wrap. One of the rolls was a little bony so watch out. At 6 bucks, totally midtown lunch worthy.
My favorite food cart in NYC hands down!!! The Kati rolls are the absolute best. Way better than the Kati roll company.Just check out the lines outside the cart during lunch hour and you'll know what I am talking about.  The chicken kati roll and the spicy burradi are my favorite. The chicken over rice  - also great.The reason why I gave 4 stars is the lack of consistency at times. The rolls taste different based on who is cooking them. The chef at the non-busy hours is ok. But overall, their Biryani is average. But the rolls and chicken over rice are awesome.
This place is right outside my company's offices in NYC.  When I visit that office, I usually eat in the cafe in the building, but wanted something different this last trip.  So i walked outside, opened up Yelp on my iPhone, and Biryani Cart popped up as the first listing just as a wonderful smell of exotic spices hit me.Crowds congregate in NYC for a variety of reasons, from star sightings to street performers, buying the latest Apple product, etc.  But the crowd congregated around this cart was as impressive as any I've seen in NYC.  Since I'm usually a bit apprehensive about street vendors, I asked a few folks about the food and also observed what people were ordering.  It was clear the staff working in the carts (that's right, there's two of them) were not interested in anything but filling orders.After a few minutes of deliberation I ordered the Chicken Biryani and also the King Koti rolls.  Certainly more food than I need, but I just couldn't decide.  Within minutes the order was ready and I was hunting for a spot outside to enjoy my meal.I started with the koti roll.  Not exactly sure of all the ingredients other than chicken tikka masala (I think), some cabbage and other veggies, and a delicious sauce, all wrapped in lightly grilled, and sweet-tasting naan.  It was absolutely delicious and I was very glad the $6 order came with 2 rolls!I moved next to the chicken biryani.  Describing the combination of succulent spices is difficult, but there was a cinnamon stick in the mix, so I know for sure there was cinnamon along with a number of other incredible spices, some raisins, basmati rice, tender roasted chicken pieces, diced vegetables, and some yogurty stuff.  Each bite ranged from sweet, to sour, to spicy almost magically.  I could not stop eating, even though I was clearly full halfway through.I loved this meal so much, I joined yelp so I could pay forward the universe for introducing me to such a fantastic food spot.  Even a few hours after the meal, I was energized and not the slightest bit weighed down as I would have been had I eaten that much food of say an Italian or Chinese variety.This cart is simply awesome and I feel very comfortable recommending it to anyone that wishes to enjoy a literal explosion of flavors at his or her next meal.Long Live Biryani Cart!!!
My husband and I were very eager to try this place on our visit to NYC. The first day we arrived we went to this place after spending time on the times square. What a great disappointment. We have never been received in such a rude manner. Agreed the kati rolls we ordered tasted good. But the whole behavior of the cart owner/ chef was totally a "Never again" to us. We have always respected people despite their nation, religion and race. This guy seems to be someone who shows differences and that we don't appreciate at all.
It's a pretty good spice they use, but of three trips here I've had one good experience.  The last two times, they've included almost no meat, the food has been cold, and today there was a hair in the food.  Nice guys, and a tasty spice, but I'm not trying them again.
I agree with everything that everybody has said.  The line on the right was a little crazy and I didn't quite understand what was going on.  I went to the left to the woman who kep on yelling "NEXT, NEXT, NEXT."  I ordered the Sweet Chicken over rice.  The rice is absolutely amazing.  The sweet/spicy sauce is amazing.  The spices he sprinkled on top are amazing.  The chicken is cooked JUST RIGHT.  Even the salad, which is usually a letdown at most carts, is fresh and the white sauce is different (ok, maybe not THAT different, but definitely not like the the others).   Now that I know how good it is, I'm definitely going to go stand in that random mess of a line and try the rolls, etc.
"Next!... Next!.... Next!" The woman cried out from her cart, serving chicken over rice.I ordered. I paid. I enjoyed. Cant beat a delicious street meaty lunch for under 6 bucks. Food is fresh, tasty, and cheap. Great combination. Be prepared for a line though, never seen this place without one during lunchtime.
I didn't really like Kasa in San Francisco, but I like this place.
yep...still effing amazing! something i failed to mention in my initial review:...there are 2 carts: the original Biriyani on the right and 'Sandwich Land' to the left. the original cart is for the Biriyani and kati rolls and the like. Sandwich Land serves up the rice platters and pita sandwiches (along with, oddly enough, burgers and cheesesteaks). i just ate it about 15 minutes ago and writing this makes me hungry again.
Our first stop in New York was at Biryani Cart.  We had heard about this place from multiple sources and luckily ran into it as we were walking to another restaurant.  We decided to share one order of the chicken biryani.  While the biryani was tasty it was a little on the dry side.  The price was reasonable but I have had better.
I ate here twice on/around July 3rd and 4th.  That place is opened until 4 AM, and their lamb and chicken biriyani are great!  Slightly oily, but great nonetheless.  They don't use any saffron, from what I can tell, but that's OK.  The food is very inexpensive, very tasty, and very spicy.  This is the best street food that I've ever had.
Rainy day today, felt like having some biryani so stopped at this cart. Luckily it was not crowded about 5 people waiting in line, it was disorganized while ordering as mentioned here in the reviews.I took as look the posted Menue and decided to get the Veg Biryani and one veg kati roll, the guy ended up making 2 Kati rolls even though I only wanted One, he just took the 10$ and said that was fine.The Kati roll is defintly good, but not as good at the Kati Roll company. The wrap tasts good, what ruins it is that too much of white sauce and chunky potatoes, the flavours is nice, a little sloppy made (not bad for a cart)The Biryani has flavour but no too much vegetables cooked in them even though its a Veg biryani, but I would say the Quality is well above average for 6$ and you cannot complain. The quality of rice is good and not cooked clumpy or soggy, nice flavour of spices, they threw in some salad and half a slice of bread toast ( mild garlic flavour), Over all a positive experience, I would give it 3 + stars not quite 4 yet.. but for a budget meal one cannot complain about the quality and quantity.I will defintly repeat and try other items on the menu.
I don't know where people are getting the long lines/long wait stuff. I went there on an absolutely gorgeous day to where people were on the street all over the place and only had to wait a few minutes. The Chennai kati roll was fantastic as was the other one I had (some sort of spicy chicken). Overall though, its not necessarily 'soup nazi' good and its still a cart so I plunked off a star. It may be unfair but you really have to blow people away for that 5th star I think.Nonetheless, I work around 56th st and the 10 block walk was well worth it. Good stuff.
Wow. You can make biryani in a cart? And damn good biryani?? Thoroughly impressed.
5 stars alone for being open @ 2am during one of the largest blizzards NYC has seen. Food is seriously the shizzzznit. The Lamb Koti rolls rule! Tender, flavorful chunks of lamb with some strands of lettuce & a squirt or two of some creamy spicy schmear, wrapped up in a scrumptious indian flat bread (soft-taco like). Ate here 3 times and enjoyed every bite.
Cant imagine you can get such good food for pittance. This place is as good as it gets. Friendly folks serving you, and the kati rolls, biryani are the best.Can't go wrong at this place. Surely will be coming back again, and again.
The hype lives up to its name here.  I would give 5 stars except for the fact there is always a long line that can be very chaotic at times.  Otherwise, the food is great.  I love biryani and have been waiting to have a cart that serves it.  I am tired of the same old chicken and rice, the classic drunk food.  This is a new option which can be mild to extremely spicy.  And the extreme spicy is not for the faint heart.  Even indians/pakis here say its too hot!
Good food,good kati roll and good service. I will surely go there again to have some chicken and rice
Kati Rolls here  rock!  Tried the lamb and the chicken,  so tasty!
One word: ORGASMIC.  All the fools that still go to the late night Halal Cart on 53rd and 6th (AKA Chicken and Rice) are seriously missing out on this low key cart of awesomeness.  Now, kati rolls from "Kati Roll" are usually bland, and usually you could get chicken and rice from anywhere...but this place is different...mainly because everything tastes so much more FRESH.  This place uses fresh ingredients and friendly service to provide quality food for a quick, cheap meal.  I highly recommend trying this place after going out or even for just lunch....definitely get the Spicy Chicken Rolls...you will be back for more.  Plus this guy won the prestigious VENDY AWARD so you know he's legit!Check out this Youtube video of him:youtube.com/watch?v=WQ0k…
This place won a Vendy Award which signifies this is the best food cart in all on NYC.  As a result, I was anticipating great things.  I ordered the Chicken Biriyani which was adequate, the chicken had good flavor yet I am starting to feel food cart vendors in this city have no imagination - it's like being stuck in the movie "Groundhog Day".  Wherever I go it's always the same - rice with chicken or lamb along with an iceburg lettuce salad with yogurt sauce.When I got to the cart I was served by the Indian "Archie Bunker" - I think this guy would rather chew broken glass than smile or express any semblance of a personality.  I was there at around 7 pm and you could have shot off a cannon and not hit anybody so I don't have any idea why I receieved a side order of attitude.  I'll pass on visiting this place again.
Do not believe the hype.  This was not even the best cart I tried that day.  Don't get me wrong, it was perfectly ok street food, but I don't think I'd go a block out of my way to try it again.  The flavors just didn't pop - shoudl have moved down the street for a hot dog.
i had a dream last night that i was at this cart ordering everything they had off their menu (i know. these dreams excite me. im lame), and i haven't been able to stop thinking about it all day. this is by far my favorite cart in all of nyc. super tasty during the day, even better when drunk. their kati rolls are phenomenal.
my third street cart review.damn this place is good.  its serves some tasty indian dishes such as kati roll, chicken tikka and of course biriyani as stated on the name.  i still can't in my right mind give a street cart 5 stars.  but this is as close to a 5 star cart as they'll be.  there are two carts with the same name, each serving different foods.  the one on the right is the one to go to.i strongly suggest the kati rolls ($6 for 2, either steak or chicken) and the chicken tikka.  The biriyani never seems to give me enough chicken, altho it is tasty.  $6 for the tikka and biriyani as well.  they have just the right amount of spice and is very flavorful.  its a party in my mouth everytime (that didn't sound right at all).the service is quick and rude but what do you expect.  4 and a half stars rounded down.  cmon yelp, half star and zero star options please.
Tasty and unhealthy, but its cart food =)  It good but I gave it 3 stars because I don't think I'd have a craving for this particular cart anytime soon, the kati rolls were a little too greasy for my liking and the briyani rice needed more meat!
This review is solely based on their vegetarian biryani! I can finally say that I have found a cart food in NYC that reminds me of my good old days in Mumbai! Awesome biryani (a bit spicy)..love the side salad and piece of bread (my favorite part). Great quantity for the $6 price-tag ! I usually end up having two meals from that box!Cant wait for the next time I am out late night again and can stop there!:)
ASK THEM TO PUT YOUR KATI ROLLS IN A BROWN BAG, NOT THE STYROFOAM!  So unnecessary!  They can just wrap them in foil and put them in a bag, and you then have a clearer conscience.  (or yourI go here nearly every time I'm within 6 blocks.  Even when I'm not hungry.  They're that good.I get the kati rolls.  The spicy buradi.  choose lamb or chicken.  I used to get lamb but decided chicken is better b/c the lamb really is half fat and the sauce flavors the meat well enough anyway.  I tried the other stuff once but nothing beats the kati rolls in my book.  I'm not a huge fan of that other halal stuff, anyway.  They've started a lunch/dinner special i think- 7 bucks to choose rice with something, then one kati roll and a samosa.  haven't tried that yet; plan to get the fish one.
working around midtown can be so convinient when you want to try all the famous food carts~but still, sometimes you can run out of lunch ideas. So I asked for a foodie friend for advice as he also works around the area.so here I went, kati roll, one chicken, one lamb, spicy  -- ordered using the exact words my friend told me.Wow, the chicken and lamb are both tender and juicy, the sauce reminds me of the white sauce from the famous chicken over rice. And the spicy sauce just gave it a kick, love it! I wish there were more spicy sauce in the lamb though~only downside? it's very greesy and full-filling, I was so stuffed....but happy!
This place is pretty good. Kati rolls are on point and so far have never been disappointed. Biryani is amazing as well. Sometimes they have a special combo platter with half Biryani and one roll- definitely try that.  Best of both worlds.
On a weekend trip to NYC, dined at a lot of food trucks and carts. I want to make everyone aware that there is another imposter named Biryani "Car" (notice the T missing) right across from these original cart guys that many tourists mistakenly go to after reading Yelp reviews. Please make sure you look at the cart to eat at these "carT" guys. Their cart has newspaper articles about the rave reviews and the Vendy award unlike the clever imposter across the street. I also urge the Biryani Cart folks to advertise prominently so that tourists do not confuse the vendor across the street with you. This authentic chicken Biryani will have an egg in it so you know which one is real. Great taste, good food, value for money.
I just zoomed down here on a quick lunch break and it was AMAZING.  Very fast service (but it was 3:30 so maybe there would be a longer line at a traditional lunch hour), and great prices.  I had two chicken kati rolls for $6 and am so full.  One could totally have one for lunch and save the other for dinner.  I am definitely going back.
I was looking for an alternative to pre-theater fair.  I found this through here and was not disappointed.  Great prices and everything was delicious.  Sometimes food trucks are greasy but to my surprise it was at a minimum.  Bring it to Bryant Park a few blocks away if it's a nice night out.
No question about it -- this is better street food than 53rd and 6th.  53rd and 6th has massive portions, which is great, if you are a drunk mess (not being critical at all btw, if it were 3 am i might want to go there too).  If you aren't inebriated, however, and just want a normal portion of great tasting food, this is the place.  The chicken tikka masala is so unique and delicious.  It's a "dry" tikka masala -- all flavor.  Delicious.  Their kati rolls are amazing too, but I prefer my meat with rice. As far as the biryani is concerned, it's great, but frankly biryani is just not my thing compared to their other choices.The guys behind the truck are super friendly.  Finally, the lines are never too bad here.  A really amazing, totally NY place.
I'm quite a regular at this cart, as in everytime I'm at midtown, I would trek down a handful of blocks to get the wonderful tikka masala rice. Today was no different except something terrible happened to the food. The rice was not the usual Indian rice, but the tasteless yellowy rice like the rest of the halal cart out there, and the chicken had a foul spoilt stench to it. It was that strong smell of spoilt chicken that I chose to discard the whole package. That's one thing, but as for the rice, I hope they don't continue selling yellow rice as Indian rice.
Great chicken and lamb Koti.  Grabbed following a show at 10:30pm. Was not busy.  Open all night.
I wish i could give these guys a 4.5 star (the .5 being taken out for unhealthy food). This is the closest you can get to Indian food on a halal cart. Food is sumptuous and better its made fresh. The thing that beats the 53rd and 6th cart is the fact that there are no long lines and yes the food is less oily. i feel a little better that i am not eating unhealthy food (though i have heard this is about 1500 calories). Still havent tried the katie roll but am sure it will be good. Go ahead give it a try.
I work midtown near 30 Rock which seems like it has the highest concentration of street carts in the entire city.  There's halal food guys on just about every corner for a 20 block radius.  Unfortunately, unlike men and women in our great country, not all street meat carts are created equal.  Some stand head and shoulders above the rest.  The Biryani Cart at 46th and 6th is one of those righteous defenders of deliciousness.I've been eyeing this cart for a long time from afar.  I can see the crowd from 47th street on my way to one of my go to spots (El Rincon del Sabor).I finally made it there today and jocked for position among the crowd.  It's a bit confusing as there is no clear line.  I'm not sure how the staff manages to keep track of the orders.  I am pretty sure they got mine right, although I have to admit I didn't know which of my rolls was the Chennai and which was the King Kati.In either case, the concept of these little bundles of joy is amazing.  I was afraid they might dissapoint because of all the hype.  I took my first bite and the first thought that popped into my head was:HOLY CRAP THESE ARE AWESOME.
Sorry to be the one to start the backlash, but this cart is just OK. First off considering it's called the Biryani cart, the chicken biryani is by far the worst thing to get. Barely any chicken, all rice, dry...just not a good look. Kati rolls are great when they get the order right, which is rare. Chicken tikka...don't get me started. If I wanted a plate full of grizzle I'd, well, I wouldn't ever want a plate full of grizzle. I feel like these guys are just coasting on their Midtown Lunch fame. Best thing to get is the lamb (over rice or pita) from their second cart (owned by same guys, right next to the original Biryani one). The lamb is generous and tastes good enough that you won't mind the hourly trips to the bathroom for the rest of the afternoon.
Lunchtime is absolute chaos. Don't expect to get what you want when you show up on a weekday lunch hour. Large mass of people surrounding the front of the truck. No line, just a mass of people. No one knows who has ordered or who hasn't.  I must have asked for a spicy buradi kati roll at least 3 times with no acknowledgment. Finally after waiting for him to take my order I realize what is going on here.The cart guys are just putting preparing one dish at a time but making around 5 of them at once and selling to whoever is willing to buy them. I thought when was handing them out, people had specifically ordered them. If you actually want something on the menu (like how normal carts operate) you'll probably end up waiting 15 minutes. Anyways he yelled "chiken tikka, chicken tikka" and I just ended up grabbing one of his handouts for $6 and left. I'll admit, it was tasty, but shoot, I like to have choice when ordering. And if they're going to do this haphazard mass distribution / free for all handout style, at least say something to us! Bunch of clueless customers are standing around!
The chicken tikka kati roll was just okay.  I preferred the chicken tikka masala dish, which was packed with flavor.I personally liked the food here better than at the 53rd and 6th Cart, but it might have been because I came hungry. The food was good, but nothing life altering.
This cart hits the spot!  I had the chicken tikka kati roll for $3.  They advertise 2 for $6 but you can get the same price if you only buy one.  First of all, the roll was delicious.  The paratha is lightly fried and generously sized and the chicken was extremely juicy and tender and perfectly spiced.  Second, this cart is cheaper than both the Kati Roll Company and Desi Shack (near my office/apt and offers a smaller kati roll for $5-$6).  I will definitely be looking for this cart next time I have a volleyball game in this area!
I really wanted to like this cart. I did. I went on 2 separate occasions to try this cart. The first time I went around 2 pm and they ran out of the chicken biryani so I tried another chicken and rice dish. I thought it was mediocre at best but I gave them the benefit of the doubt since it wasn't their "specialty". Fast forward a couple of months and I came again with my friend. I ordered the chicken biryani and it looked like a mess. It was about 3 pieces of flavorless chicken, an egg, and handful of rice that was unevenly spiced. While I was eating this mess, there was a piece of spice (about the size of a peanut) in my rice and it was really spicy. I bit into it without realizing it since it was buried within the rice. Ugh! I pretty much stopped eating after that. Safe to say I would not give this place a 3rd try. So many better food carts in the city.
2008 Vendy Award Finalist. They didn't win an award and rightfully so. They fall short in my eyes as well. How you ask? Read on. Today I only saw one cart vs their usual two after their Vendy Award nomination. They also offer Kati Rolls (2/$6), which looks like a cross btwn roti and tortilla. 3 guys work inside the cart while one guy outside the cart takes your order and the other guy collects the money. There should be an option to substitute basmati rice w/ biryani rice for +$1 or something. I expected a lot more based on all the hype generated. Ordered:-Chicken Biriyani ($6) - the rice was tasty, but there is barely any meat in that dish (MINUS HALF STAR). For $6, I was expecting a lot more. -Chicken Tikka ($6) - In contrast, their Chicken Tikka w/ rice had a shitload of meat in it, a notch too salty though IMO (MINUS HALF STAR)-Chicken/Lamb Combination ($6) - What chicken? I just tasted all lamb, it was good, but my friend, you got my order wrong (MINUS ONE STAR)link: newyork.seriouseats.com/…Total came out to $6/pp after everythingPics: meetup.com/teamfoodie/ph…
Had Bombay Spicy Chicken Biryani it was pretty good given the fact that its just $6... But Chicken and Lamb kathi roll was awesome... One of the best Kathi rolls i had in NYC... Would love to go there again...Cheers
I think the quality of the cart has gone down a little bit over the past year. I use to come here whenever I wanted a cheap lunch. The food is still pretty good especially the lamb with rice. I love the rice.. its lightly seasoned with cardamon. There are huge chucks of lamb. They don't skimp on portions here. The downside now is that they use Sirracha.. don't get me wrong, I love Sirachha and it taste great in the dish. It just made me sad that they no longer make their own hot sauce.I also got the Kati rolls, one chicken and one lamb. The chicken itself was not as good as the lamb. Its mainly dark meat. My favorite part of the Kati roll is the wrap... its buttery and chewy and probably really fatty but totally delicious. If you're in the mood for some cheap greasy filling halal food then is is a good place to get it...
i love the lamb kati rolls for lunch!! they are super tasty and delicious. the only problem is that it takes so long to get your order...even when no body is on line before you. at least a 5-10 min wait to get street cart food.
kati rolls r not as good as the kati roll company; will try biryani next time
This place used to be awesome, with really good chicken tikka, and they even had a side cart that made chicken and lamb over rice, which was amazing as well.  But I noticed that the side cart was getting bad, a few times my food was either luke warm or slightly cold, so I stopped going.  I recently went back, and the side cart is gone, and the owner is gone too.  The main cart is still decent, but not as good as it used to be - and its slower.  I dont know what happened to the owner, but he should come back and fix this place up again.
The reason why I'm giving this cart such a low rating is because on my last two visits they've given horrible service, and have turned me from a frequent visitor, to someone who will not make another trip there.In the past this has been one of my favorite places for street food in the city.  The prices are great, and the food is tasty.  When the biryani is fresh, it's excellent; when it's been sitting for a while it's not great.As far as the rolls, Buradi is my favorite, but they're all good, even the veggie one.Now onto the terrible recent visits:The first time, we waited for an exceptionally long time, and we ordered 3 buradis and 1 veggie.  Yet somehow the guy gave us mixed-meats, and I don't eat lamb at all.  When I complained and asked him to re-make the roll, he told me "I already made it," and I had to force him to take it back.  Then, as he was making the new ones, he grumbled to me that the messed up order was my fault for having ordered the buradi.  I then had to read him his own product description for him to understand that the buradi does not contain any lamb.  Really ridiculous.Still, as I'm a frequent patron, I decided to give the cart another chance.  Big mistake.This most recent trip , i was with Muslim friends who watned to break fast.  We began waiting in line at 7:30; the time to break fast that day was 8'oclock.  We thought we'd be fine.  Instead, the man took, no exaggeration, 45 minutes to make food for the next 6 people in front of us.  In addition to being starving by the time we got our food, (again, 3 chicken rolls, 1 veggie) we, got 3 chicken rolls, zero veggie, and 1 lamb.  I had to give away the lamb roll and my friend didn't get the one veggie roll, because the line was so long, and the service so slow, we decided we couldn't wait.The coup de grace came when I started eating my last roll.  I nearly choked on waht I thought was a bone.  This stuff occasionally happens; it's not pleasant, but you can't expect street meat to be 100% boneless.  I pulled it out out my mouth, set it aside on a napkin without even looking at it.  2 bites later, I choked again, this time, the "bone" scratching the back of my throat.  When I pulled it out, I examined it and the previous offender: they were burnt pieces of PLASTIC.  IN MY ROLL.  Unbelievable.I could sue this place, but if their style of service is any indicator, proceedings would be too slow to make it worthwhile.  Proceed with caution.
The biryani was good, super spicy I must add. Although there were very few chicken pieces in the biryani, the flavor of the rice was amazing. The spicy buradi was not from this world. I genuinely think these koti rolls were better than the ones we get in India(Bangalore). The combination of mint chutney, red sauce and white sauce was mind blowing.
EAT-AT-YOUR-OWN-RISK!  I went to buy Kati roll, and I was disgusted what I saw.The shot indian guy who is cooking - was sneezing and coughing over the food he was making.   I should have know, since the owner is no longer there, the guys who are just plan nasty!  No sense of cleanness and hygiene  -- I  should have know this place is going to the dogs since, there were no lines, and in about 10 minutes, they only sold 3 meals.  when the original owner was in the cart selling, everything was prepare well, and the food was good.  Now -- I say, ETAT at your own risk, and stay away for these nasty fellas.
Working in Midtown has its benefits, especially the selection of food carts located on the side streets along 6th Avenue between 42nd and 50th Streets. The Biryani Cart is located on the southwest corner of 6th Avenue. In fact, there are two carts, but the one that every seems to congregate around is the one closest to the corner. There are three friendly guys working the cart who seem to know their Food Channel notoriety.I have only tried three different rice plates, the Chicken Biryani, a Goat Biryani - which I believe was a special order that they accommodated me on -, and finally the chicken curry. All three of these dishes were served on the same base of yellow-hued basmati rice and lettuce. You could asked the guys to add more or less of each. The star of the dishes that I tried was easily the chicken biryani. Here's why: some food carts serving the same dish tend to get a few things wrong, namely soggy, over-steamed rice, bland white and red sauces, and poorly spiced chicken. On all three counts, the Chicken Biryani does much better. The rice is nice and soft, the sauces were very rich and had a creamy taste when mixed in with the rice, and finally, the chicken seemed to be marinated for several hours. I might add the Chicken Biryani was even really pleasant to look at because of the vibrant colors. Because of the rich tastes, reasonable portion and low price, $6, the Chicken Biryani is the top choice.The Goat Biryani, however, may have been made with processed goat meat - gyro-like - and didn't really resemble the kind of goat you would see in a schwarma. That was the only disappointment, but otherwise the taste was fine.The one dish to avoid here is the Chicken curry. Although some may like the lighter taste, the sauce was just too thin to be enjoyed. I know people come to the Biryani Cart for Kati Rolls, so one day I will try these, but for a first impression, you must come here for a top rate Chicken Biryani. The Cheap Guy would approve the $6 price.
Probably the best cart food in the city. Awesome kati rolls, awesome chicken and rice. The biryani itself was OK (being a hardcore hyderabadi, any other biryani would seem just OK to me I guess :D)All in all, awesome inexpensive food, that you will never get bored of.
I really don't bother leaving reviews if I don't love the place, but I'm going to from now on! About this cart- really mediocre food, actually what was I thinking I was gonna get from a cart!! Had the spicy buradi with lamb, or at least that's what the dried out cubes of something brown were called! No juicy lamb chunks here, meat had been cooked at some point somewhere and reheated on a grill- dry and flavorless ! The hot sauce was mild, not spicy! Overall - some heartburn, not awful, but not worth it!
I had the $7 Zach combo (chicken biryani, samosa, chicken Kati roll). I really liked the Kati roll- very savory and flavorful.  The samosa had been made with thin sheets of pastry dough. The biryani packed quite the spicy punch, although a little low on the chicken; little beads of sweat formed on my nose as I ate.I want another Kati roll from this cart and try some of the other items next time.
I went there twice this week. Once on a weekday, once today (sunday)When I was there during the week, it was mayham. pushing, shoving several shirt and tie folk getting orders for EVERYONE in their office.There wasnt even a line, u just had to inch forward until you caught the chef's eye, who by the way was THE OWNER featured on TV (thought that was cool)The average wait was 15 minutes. Delicious roll. 2 for 6 bucks. I got the chicken and lamb rolls. the spice bites you back, but it is eatable.Today (sunday) there was no line and two random guys who made my delicious rolls lickaty Split.Try the Chennai roll, the thai sauce is AMAZING.
2 delicious kati rolls for $6? Why don't I live closer to this cart?!? It's slightly greasy but oh so tasty. I love the buttery bread and the chicken fillings are wonderfully seasoned. There are a lot of different kinds, and I think the only way to figure out your favorite is to try all of them. Just do it.
Post super bowl Monday.. too much booze to drink the night before.  ate a nasty breakfast at the company cafeteria and in search of the PERFECT lunch if there is such a thing.so, putting my work aside because there are more important matters to take care of, i read food blog after food blog, sometimes getting so lost in my google search that i'm reading about foods in different states..okay need to focus, and so i go to the trusty midtown lunch blog and read about these so called delicious kati rolls and chicken biryani.  I'm no indian food expert and i'll probably insult indians when describe a biryani as being similar to fried rice.   i finally decide to finally get my lazy ass out and walk a couple blocks to a plethora of food carts everywhere.theres one good thing about midtown other than the crappy chain restaurants and tourists, is that theres  a big market to satisfy the cravings of business professionals in quick and cheap way, such as these food carts.  i ordered my chicken biryani, ask for extra white sauce and hot sauce and speed walk to my office, almost getting hit by multiple cabs and stepping in a  giant puddle of water.i get to my cube, throw my work aside once again and crack open the Styrofoam box and eat like i have never ate before.   i probably stunk up the entire office, or maybe motivated some other poor soul to venture out for street food and throw his wheat and turkey sandwich in the trash.I finally had the PERFECT LUNCH and it does exist.  i will be back for more!
So.  Freaking.  Good.Had two Kati Rolls selections:2 Pune Rolls (Chaat Masala Chicken) and2 Spicy Buradi Rolls (Grilled Chicken w/ Very Spicy Mint Habanero Sauce).Ate them while walking over to the Eugene O'Neil Theater.  PERFECT lunch before a show.  I only wish we had more time to EAT MORE KATI ROLLS!Tip: There are carts on EVERY corner of this intersection.  Accept no imitations - go to THE Biryani Cart.  On the SW corner.
Why is there an egg in my Biryani?  That's what I first asked.  Do not call your cart a Biryani cart, because it is anything but that.  Second of all, your Katti roll sucks.  How is anyone supposed to taste anything if it is oily and spicy?  Only reason people make stuff so spicy is because it is old/stale food.  I'm glad I do not have to try this guys cart food again...what a major dissapointment  man.  The guy making our food barely spoke Urdu...I mean, if you are going to call your place Biryani...at least get your guys to speak some Urdu.  Hao...or something.  Oh...BTW...pay your workers a bit more, those guy look like they will pass out in that roach box of yours.
Food cart Fridays! This place inspired me to create a Yelp profile and do my first review. Must be pretty good, eh? After reading some reviews, I decided to give this place a try and opted for a veg kati roll. Yes, just one. Not the two for $6 deal. I didn't want to go crazy on my first trip. The roll was quite tasty, filled with yummy veggies like carrots and potatoes and other stuff I didn't bother to figure out. It had a nice subtle spice to it, I could've done with a little more spice but not bad. The one thing I will say is that the potatoes were a tad hard but not so much that it slowed me down from devouring it in the time it took to walk two blocks. All-in-all, it was a great snack to hold me over until I ate dinner some hours later. Would definitely return and probably splurge and get the two and tell them to not skimp on the spice!
The reason I am giving this place 4stars not 5 is because I heard so much about this place and it didn't blew my mind with the Kati rolls and tikkah masala over rice. But it is halal and I can eat here when in mid town is a great plus.
I'm surprised there aren't more reviews for Biryani Cart considering it's nominated for the second year in a row for the Vendy Awards. I'm used to halal food carts, but a real Indian/Pakistani cart? That's something special.The Kong Kati Roll is delicious, full of raw onion, lettuce, chicken tikka, and white sauce. The flavor is robust and the roll itself is ridiculously good. It's also a lot less greasy than Kati Roll's bread. You do get two for $5.50 but honestly, I could've eaten four - no problem.I also got the chicken tikka over rice and the taste is great, but reminds me of all the other chicken and rice dishes I've tried over the years. The white sauce and hot sauce are both much thicker, though, and the ingredients seem a tad bit fresher than 53rd and 6th.What I liked was the cart owner and main cook seems to be working all the time. He was featured in the video for this and last year's Vendys and it was kind of a trip to see him in person. I guess Biryani Cart offers one of those rare opportunities to eat at a chef's establishment and have them actually take your order and cook it for you. He's no Gordon Ramsay, but he's not bad either!
Came here with very high expectations; they didn't have the roti to make a kati roll and there wasn't anyone else working. The line kept getting larger once we got there but the food was very good
This cart has the best kati roll ever!  I have never been a fan of kati rolls until this guy put it on the map for me!Thinking of the oily chicken kati in the multitude of flavors just makes me drool!  I only wish he would have a location downtown.  I don't frequent that part of midtown too often to enjoy his food enough.
Thanks to Yelp, this was the first stop for my friend and I on our quest to eat our way through NYC.  I was highly skeptical dining at a food cart, since most in the city seem totally sketchtastic.  I am SO GLAD WE WENT HERE.  I'm not exactly what sure what Kati rolls we got, but I asked for one chicken and one lamb.  For $6, we figured if we didn't like them, we'd go back and try something else.  We had to stop ourselves from going back for more because they were that good.  Go here, you won't regret it!
Love the Veg and the Egg Kati rolls :)It is in midtown, so steer clear of here around weekday lunch hour if you can.
Worst vegetarian Kathi roll ever.  These guys use frozen bread that smells like it has lot of prizervatives. Never going back.
We went here on a food tour. Awesome.This was my 1st taste of Indian food and if it's all like the food from this cart, Ill be a fan for a long time.I had mine and my husbands Kati Rolls (hes not a fan of spicy stuff, i love it), they were so good! We were told that we got the mild seasoning, man did it have a nice spicy kick! I'd definitely recommend stopping for a small bite if you see them.
I loved the Kati Rolls. I tried one Pune and one King roll. They load their rolls with amazing flavors. When you're done take your food a few blocks south to Bryant Park for a great lunch spot.
Absolutely lives up to the hype. I went on a rainy Thursday afternoon, and was actually surprised at the lack of a line. I ordered a lamb Kati roll and the chicken Biryani. Both were delicious, but for something really special you have to go for the Kati Roll. The Kati roll has a sort of thick crispy pancakey wrapper, filled with crispy bits of lamb and shredded lettuce. I was happy to have it be nice and simple, with no other veggies getting in the way of the flavor. I opted for just the white sauce because I don't like super spicy food. Next time I go, I will probably forgo the Biryani and get an extra Kati roll instead.
Mmmm. Tasty. Fast. The veg biryani was enough for two people to share. The veg kati rolls were great. Better than the kati roll company, imo. Also, pretty reasonably priced- $60 for a huge plate of food.
This review is strictly for the chicken biryani.I am Indian, and biryani is my FAVORITE Indian dish, so I had high expectations when an Indian friend of mine recommended this place.SO DISAPPOINTING, and I pretty much give everywhere 4 and 5 stars!A pound of rice and one small piece of chicken, and pretty bland at that. TerribleI would much rather go down 6 blocks and get chicken and rice from The Halal Guys - worlds better than this. Couldn't be more let down. If you are going to eat at this cart, I suggest ordering something else.
Very authentic Indian food! Went with my coworker for lunch and you can also order smaller portion for lower price! This is a go-to place for Indian food!!!
chaotic service but great tasting food. I say that is service sucks, i dont care how good the food is. Service is not that bad, its a street truck =, no standards of service. you get there, no line and u see a lady screaming which im going to assume she is saying next in a really broken down english. My pronunciation is bad, but hers is off the chart, but it does not discourage me from going there :)The food is great, when they get your order correctly. sometimes in the chaos orders get messed up and u end up with something else..The zack combo is the one to get for $7. you get biryani rice, with kati roll and samosa.
Lost my Kati roll virginity at this cart. I am now addicted. And yes, the guy wore plastic gloves. This is now a must visit for me each week I am in NYC.
Best lunch deal. Two Kati Rolls for $6! They have 6 different kati rolls to choose from - 4 chicken and 2 vegetarian options - with varying degrees of heat, from mild to spicy habanero (which will set your tongue on fire). I'm coming back to this cart and order their combo platter. The combo platter consist of a Kati Roll and a Samosa for $7!
After halal guys, this is probably the best food cart I tried while in NYC. Great food. The chicken was really good.
Food-wise, this is one of my favorite carts. The kati rolls are super tasty and the biryani is delicious. The best option is Zach's Triple Combo (named after Zach Brooks from midtownlunch.com). It includes a kati roll, a vegetable samosa, and chicken biryani. And for $7.00 it's a bargain.However, the ordering process is another story. When there is a line (and there usually is during lunch time), it's a mess. Ordering is a little confusing and if you have are any special requests, don't bother. It's probably not happening. Then waiting for your food is also confusing. They don't take names so you have to estimate when your order should be ready. And it's not unusual to have orders that were placed one right after another come out far apart. So if you feel like you've been waiting for too long, you should just remind them about your order.All in all, the food is definitely worth it, but prepare to be annoyed while getting it.
After a long walk through Central Park the kati roll from this cart right outside my hotel was the perfect snack to keep me not hangry before dinner.
First of all, best Kati Roll I've ever had in the city, and the 2nd best one isn't even close to Biryani Cart's. They use their Chicken Tikka Masala as the meat and the white and red sauce is good, but I'm pretty sure it's the wrap that makes this Kati Roll so damn good. The wrap just tastes really flavorful and unlike any wrap of a Kati Roll I've ever eaten. I could eat these rolls all day long.I also tried their Chicken Tikka Masala over Rice. It was an interesting take because I usually get regular seasoned chicken over yellow rice when I order chicken over rice platters. Biryani Cart uses their special Biryani rice that looks white. The chicken was good and flavorful, but the platter as a whole was a bit on the salty side for my liking. Overall it was good and filling, but didn't have the same wow factor as the Kati Roll. Weirdly enough the platter tasted better after sitting in the fridge overnight and microwaved. This Cart overall is amazing and it's easy to see why they won Vendy Awards. I'm looking forward to going back and trying other items on the list. Highly Recommended.
Boryani Cart definitely offers compition to the other cart vendors on 6th Ave.  The reason I like this cart is because of the Vegetarian options as compared to the other carts that give you lettuce, rice, and white sauce (some falafel if they have it) others offer.They have started to carry more stuff and I never get to hear I am out of Veg Stuff.The options include - Veg Biryaani, Falafel over Rice, Kati Rolls.  Kati Rolls are good but fall short in options in taste to "The Kati Roll Company".  For Vegetarians, they have mixed vegetables.  Two rolls come for $6.  You can ask for only one roll for $3 (not on the menu but just tell the guy you want just one).Veg Biryaani and Falafel over Rice have some indian spices added which make it delicious. They have the regular white sauce, hot sauce and bbq sauce.  In addition, they have this special green sauce which is unique to this cart.  The food quanitity is more than I can ever finish that late.Usually it has no line late at night which means you can eat and get to bed quicker on those crazy drunk nights.
The amount of food you get for $7 bucks is insane. Biryani tastes okay, a little moist for my taste. Biryani tastes much better when made with basmati rice and is not sticky.
Kathi rolls were delicious. I forget which 2 chicken ones I ordered, but I ordered the first 2 on the menu. They have just a bit of spice to them which I loved. $6 for two. If your goal is to eat your way through NY, then I suggest sharing. Two rolls is a meal - one roll would be a big snack. Grab napkins they get greasy!
So good. Great before show quick meal. Everything is $2-6 with 6 being a full meal. This is one of the things I'll try to do again next time I visit NYC.
Love the chicken kati rolls! Definitely worth the wait even on cold winter days
I've been here several times and the quality is very consistent for a food cart. The lamb kati rolls are my favorite-- the flatbread of medium thickness is golden brown with a chewy inner texture. The spicy sauce really brings out the lamb flavor. It's a real treat, especially if you're at Times Square. I even took my picky mom while she was visiting and she enjoyed every bite of her kati roll.The spicy chicken biryani is good too, although for some reason it never comes out hot (temperature) enough for my taste. You can ask for the sauce on the side and heat it up at home.
This is the The Best Chicken and Rice Cartin NY!!!Yes, I did. They are better than the 53rd and 6th guys. The chicken is tender and juicy and the rice is light and fluffy. I will admint that the guys on 53rd have awesome hot sauce, but that simply is not enough.Their Kati rolls are pretty awesome too. I only had the super spicy chicken and felt them this morning, but they are so good that I am walking up there for lunch today too.
I was totally skeptical when my buddy told me to try this because "even though he was drunk every time, it is seriously bomb." So I did, and it is. The first time I had the chicken tikka and king kati. Good, but what I remembered the most was the plain lamb roll. It's true, there's beauty in the simplicity. The flavor is awesome: from what it looks like (you can never be sure these days) halal lamb, gorgeous savory sauce, and some lettuce for the sake of adding vegetables, all wrapped up like how you'd mold yourself into a burrito on a cold night. To make the story short, our experience with these left us nodding like idiots with our mouths full to one another.
Indian Food?  If you know Indian Food then you know the stuff they serve here is pretty lame, and by lame, I mean not good.  I went to this cart after seeing all the rave reviews and I'm quite shocked.  Of course, this cart has all the rave reviews emblazoned on their cart but the food was not up to par.  First, the rice they gave me was that bright un-godly gold color reminiscent of kraft mac n cheese.  The food tasted alright, but they are way cheap on the amount of chicken they gave and the portions are kinda small compared to other carts.  The Kashmiri Chicken was basically chicken covered in lentils, lettuce, white and hot sauce.  The food wasn't particularly spicy and the flavored rice wasn't all that flavored.  They were also especially cheap on the amount of chicken, I think I had maybe 6-7 pieces of chicken and that was it.  At the end of my meal I had at least a handful of rice with nothing to go with it.  Severely disappointed and won't be going back to this cart.
Had the Chicken Biryani and it was pretty good!  The portion sizes are fair for the cost.  Chicken was pretty juicy, somewhat fresh.  Rice was flavorful.  The dish was very spicey so go easy!  I'd go back, but nothing amazing.  Good stuff!
I have been going to this cart, right from when he opened shop. Delicious food. Love the biryani.  For cart food, it is good quality, and you don't have to worry about having "side-effects" after eating here.The chef, is also really friendly (when he is not busy!), and I know his team works round the clock, really hard, to serve the hundreds of people who flock to his cart everday.
I stumbled upon the Biryani Cart.  Since I was hungry and vaguely remembered mostly positive reviews from Yelp, I gave it a try.  There were two Biryani carts sitting side-by-side (expansion?).  Threw me for a loop at first since there were many imitation food carts that built upon another's success .. but after some observation, it was clear they both belonged to the same entity.The cart where the "executive chef" (it was embroidered on his chef's coat) cooked was plastered with many accolades and pictures of him with Bobby Flay, Andrew Zimmern, etc.  For $6, I came away with the chicken bryani that included 4.5 pieces of tender and nicely marinated chicken, loads of rice, side salad with some white sauce, and an egg. I started to compare it with the chicken bryani at the Indian buffets, but didn't think it would be a fair comparison given constraints of a cart.  For street food, it would've been acceptable and perhaps even good.  But it was stone cold!  Come on!! ... what a huge disappointment to bite into cold rice and cold meat.  Took away one star. Yet to decide if I'll try them again.  Perhaps the buradi rolls might be a better bet for post-lunch hours?  Although they look a little greasy.
I had heard about this cart since it was a Vendy Award finalist. I had also read other people's Yelp reviews to see what I should get. I ordered the Channai and the King Koti kat rolls. I thought they were both delicious.. full of flavor.. however.. spicer than I expected.. but still enough for me to handle. The meat was really tender and juicy.. the wrap was really soft which it something I really liked about them. 2 for $6 is definitely a good deal considering I normally go to Kati Roll and it's like $9-10 for two.. but then again.. this place is a cart and probably doesn't have to pay a lot in rent.The line is long and the ordering system is pretty disorganized.. it consists of one guy asking everyone their order..which he doesn't even write down and everyone standing around waiting for their food. Hey, I got what I ordered.. I can't complain.. but the process could probably use some improvement. I'd go again.
Why is this place not busy? I have no idea but their chicken tikka masala is enough to bring me back! I was skeptical at first because I yelped food carts and saw three stars and two reviews but I was in a hurry and had no time to hit up the Biryani Cart on 46th and 6th. I'm really glad I tried their oven baked chicken - was very soft and tender. They also gave me a stamp card - once you reach 10, you get a free meal! Awesome.
I rarely try street food but after seeing a new fabulous musical drama, "Tin Pan Alley Rag" , on July 11 at the Roundabout on 46th St, we saw the Biryani Cart across the street and decided to try it instead of waiting for Utsav to open for dinner. We took the Spicy Chicken and the Combo plates home, rewarmed them in the MW and ... WOW ... OMG .... fabulous ... my mouth is watering even  as I write this. Tender moist chicken and other meats in the combo, spices that could keep you eating forever, even the rice was great. . Can't wait to get back to try other dishes. 5 stars  .... looks like I forgot to make this review official back in 2009 .... well its 2011 now and we just fiinished another Biryani cart take home order for dinner .... this time the chicken tikki masala plate and a spicy lamb plate  ....  still super deicious. The biriyani cart has won many awards and IMO deserves them.
Amazing!  I love street food and tasty dives.  First of all, this place is cheap-- $6 for two Kati rolls, or a full styrofoam container of rice and chopped meat.We ordered two Kati rolls and lamb + chicken over rice.The way it works is like this:stock meats (chicken or lamb)+ grilled with seasoning and mixed vegetables (onion, bell peppers)+ lettuce (not grilled)+ optional white sauce (mint chutney = mint + yogurt)+ optional red sauce (stock habanero chili sauce)served over a roti or riceI'm not sure how he seasons the chicken-- it looks like a combination of spices I can't separate.  There's cardamom in the mix.  The lamb is the reconstituted Halal stuff-- delicious because it's fatty, with spices like pepper and anise mixed into it.The Kati rolls are served over a roti, and the rice they serve is proper long-grain Biriyani rice.  All the food has something very savory in it-- I'm not sure EXACTLY what it is, but my guess is that it's butter.Butter.  It does make things better.  Or whatever it is that tastes like butter.
Better biryani than most Indian restaurants, but lacking the spice factor. If you want really spicy, you need to ask for it. Also good to try their kati rolls - very different from the rolls offered at the infamous Kati Roll Co. Try the cart on 44th and 6th for a slightly spicier / different take on biryani.
I work in the area. I love this cart! I'm pretty sure that if I ever find a new job, I will have to make sure it is in midtown so that I can easily access this wonderful place for their kati rolls.A friend of mine recommended it for lunch today. We each order two and then traded one. We had the Pune and the King Kati Roll. They were both awesome! I love Indian food but I had never had a Kati Roll before this experience. Even though I am still full from lunch, I find that I am still craving their food now.Go, go find this cart! You can't miss it... you know the one with the huge crowd in front every afternoon!
There are two carts - the one with the biryani and the one with felafel. The biryani cart gets a 4star. The felafel one get's a 2.5.The biryani is decent, but given that there's no better biryani in the area this place is great. Their paratha's are pretty good and their kati rolls are very good (I think better than Kati Roll Company). The chef is very accommodating, and I always get my veg biryani with a paratha, extra spicy. I'm very glad that the incredibly irritating skinny kid that got the orders wrong and seemed stressed out all the time has been replaced by the chef (or whoever the really sweet large Bengali dude is).Just for the record this is definitely not "authentic" biryani - I don't think the spiciness of a serious Hyderabadi biryani would be tolerable by the default population. But it's sufficiently spicy to be in the "still authentic-ish" category ;)The women who yells "Next Please. Next" from the felafel cart next door is fucking annoying (it's the owner for both carts). She get's my order wrong most of the time (I intensely dislike the mayonnaise crap that passes for "white sauce" that most carts use instead of tahini/yogurt sauce). And every time I tell her no white sauce, even when there's nobody there, she STILL gets it wrong. I like the guy that makes the food - he's always frustrated with her as well it seems. The felafel over rice itself is ok (it's an indian dhal-wada style felafel).
The Kati rolls are good though I think the one at mcdougal is better. Biryani is good but you need to ask them not to pour white sauce on the rice. One should never have white sauce on biryani. The rolls are priced nicely with 2 for 6 $. A very good place to grab something on the go! Be ready for a wait of at least 15 mins on weekdays lunch time!
Tried the chicken tikka masala and on another day the chicken tiryani and they were both really tasty. Hotdogs were also good. Didn't have to wait too long for anything - I am only in NYC for a week but I am already a repeat customer!
The Chicken Tikka Kathi Roll here was the tastiest food item I ate in NYC during my weeklong stay
Chicken biryani and chicken tikka masala. You'll enjoy it way more than the nearby cafes which charges 2-3 times more for an egg salad sandwich.
Kati rolls.That is all that needs to be said.  Indian "burritos" with some of the most delectable Indian fillings.  2 for $6 sounds steep until you take that first bite, mmmmmmmmm..... Chennai, Chicken Tikka Masala, King Koti, I could eat them by the dozens...
It is ok! The kati rolls are good but the Biryani was same as any other place in NYC or jackson heights. i didnot understand the fuss about this place. The service is poor. You can try it once but i had better before.
So, it's been a few years since my review of Biryani Cart and I have an update for you. Though the food is still pretty good, the service has gone waaaay down over the years. The owner used to be there most of the time and that's when they had awesome food and fast service. I haven't seen him lately and hoo boy are they slow! I really wouldn't mind the wait, but they also get the orders wrong all the time now. Whatever I ask for, I get something else. If I ask for a lamb kati roll, I get chicken. Sometimes they forget about me altogether and I'm waiting there while everyone else gets their WRONG order except me lol. With so many choices in the area, you would think they would get it together. Of the last four times I've visited this cart, I've walked away three times because of the disorganization outside AND the extended wait. Very nice people but good food AND customer service is what pays the rent guys!
went in search of this cart close to times square after we read alot of reviews about it. and the search was more than satisfying. briyani thats so tasty and authentic! i would say its almost as good as you get in india! i got the chicken biryani..that was server wtih a sauce and boiled egg.. and DH got the veg biryani ! both of them were real good.yumm yumm yummyyy!
Best cart I've been to. For a measly $6 you get TWO Kati rolls. I enjoy mine the most with lamb, but the chicken is a quality choice. These little bundles of joy are very very messy, but my god......it's worth it.
After all the glowing reviews, I was excited to try the Biryani Cart for lunch this week--esp as one of my New Year's resolutions is to explore better lunch options in Midtown. But I'm bummed to say that it was incredibly mediocre, at best. I got the "Zach" special which was a spicy chicken kati roll, some rice, and and a samosa. Perhaps I was expecting too much from a cart, but all the food did not taste very fresh (dry kati roll, dry rice, mushy samosa). I used to get amazing kati rolls from food carts in New Haven, and these did not compare. Strike one for Midtown lunch.
Well.......Temperature outside is 14 F and pretty windy.... Me and my wife decided to try this Biryani Cart which just appeared in NY time out.  So enough reason to go out and try out....\We had Vegetable Biryani and Chicken Biryani and lamb Kati roll.. and as name says Biryani cart their biryani was up to the expectation.  But Kathi roll was below average and that's why they are loosing a star for that.  It was too oily and difficult to hold as it was a bit loose because Kati wasn't cooked well.Never mind............. for all of this we paid only $18 so value for money.  and it managed to get the cold away for few hours so will definitely go again.
A friend of mine used to live on 46th Street and one night, he insisted that I try this cart.I have been returning ever since. When it's available, order the chicken tika. It is delicious. I also usually order the sweet and spicy chicken. Their rice is flavorful and not mushy - nice and fluffy. The vegetables are crisp and fresh.Very good prices and good sized portions. Check them out for sure.They also won a Vendi Award. I know why.
I love this cart's kati rolls (2 for $6). Since discovering it a few months ago I've sometimes gone more than once a week. I've had all the chicken rolls and the veggie, and they're all great.The disorganized line situation is a little confusing for people, but I sort of enjoy it. You'll see a bunch of people standing around the window in no discernible order. Put yourself into the mix, making sure the guy behind the window can see you. Be ready to make eye-contact with him. When he acknowledges you, call out your order. If they're busy he probably won't really remember what you asked for at this point, but I think it establishes roughly where you are in the line. Once they're ready to make your food, he'll probably ask again what you ordered. Once your food is ready you pay.
King of the Food Carts.  Was a regular for years but moved offices (and nonetheless make the trek when the desire rises).  Kati rolls are fantastic - great combination of warm and slightly oily paratha bread, generous and fresh fillings, and a variety of sauces from mildly spicy to rich.  The long waits aren't great but ironically guarantee high turnover and freshness of product - they are a far cry from the generic Halal stands with abandoned meat piles.
Had a couple different chicken kati rolls from the cart and they were both good.  Service was really friendly and quick.  Will come eat this whenever I'm in the area.
Cheap, tasty, and surprisingly filling.  Perfect.I had the Chennai and King Koti.  The Chennai was good but I'd have to be in the mood for something that sweet for lunch.  The King Koti was yummy!  I definitely recommend it.Only drawback is the disorganized ordering system.  Not sure why it's so hard for people to get into an Order line and Pick Up line but oh well.
For the price, this place is great! $5 for a plate with rice and salad and your choice of falafel or meat. All in all, a bargain for decent street food and especially for a vegetarian or vegan!
MMMMMMMMMM the veggie kati roll with potato is excellent.  so is the chicken tikka one, but the veggie is better.
I've been in a rut with trying new places, which thankfully ended when I had this for lunch today.Wow, can you say YUM?I had Kati Roll in the village once a few years ago, and I remember liking it, but not LOVING it.  But the kati rolls I had here were delicious!  I had the pune and channai rolls.  Both were good, but I'm glad I ate the pune first, since it was kind of boring.  The channai was slightly spicy-slightly sweet and oh so yum.  For those of you who don't know, kati rolls are basically yummy Indian-style marinated and spiced meats (here, you can choose from chicken, lamb, or a mixture) and lettuce/onion stuffed into a starchy wrapper, which reminds me of a softer, thicker, scallion pancake.  Tender, flavorful meat paired with the crispness of veggies rolled inside a greasy-but-yum-greasy, slighty-squishy-slighty-crisp shell?  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh.  I can't wait to try the other, spicier options!For you vegetarians, they have two options: one with potatoes and chickpeas (I think), and the other with eggs and some kind of veggie.Two rolls of deliciousness for six dollars.  Now that's a steal.My coworkers who got the meat over rice didn't seem as satisfied following lunch as the kati rollers.
I'm a vegetarian and there are only a few veggie options, but it was delicious. The 2 for $6 Kati rolls were yummy.  Imagine Aloo Gobi wrapped in a fresh roti roll.  Yeah, delicious.  Plus, they seem to have added a second cart right next to their first one, so the line isn't long at all!  I'm definitely going back again.
Normally, I will run out of my office for 5 minutes to grab something to eat at my desk and I will put up with the same food for a while.Then...I got hit with the urge to have the Biryani Cart Kati Rolls that my boyfriend enticed/teased/mocked me with one lunch while I ate my homemade/slightly pathetic turkey sandwich. So I was daring and spent 20 minutes getting my lunch one day.It was worth it. The line is a little disorganized but the dude does a good job of keeping track of who ordered what and who hadn't ordered. For $6, my belly was stuffed with deliciously spicy chicken and lamb (though lamb was def a winner over the chicken as BF concurred). The paratha the meat was wrapped in though was greasier than when BF had it, which kind of disappointed me because I had liked that it wasn't so greasy when I first ate it.The lamb biryani also gets thumbs-up. Just thinking about Biryani Cart puts me into the food coma state I'm in post-lunch.
This is probably the best cart food in midtown. I had kati rolls and biriyani and they were very tasty. Roti had very nice texture and buttery flavor but were not greasy at all. They were filled with lean and tasty chicken and were very satisfying. Great deal just for $6. Biriyani was extremely tasty too. There are hardly any casual and good lunch places in this neighborhood so this Biriyani cart is by far my top lunch choice in this area. It will not disappoint.
Drove into the city for a late lunch after getting off work early. Decided to try out this place, after learning it won the vendy awards. I got there, ordered the biryani, was really good. It definitely is worth trying and a nice simple biryani. Only one thing I didn't like was the salad and pickle thrown on top of the biryani. That was my only complaint. The biryani is lightly spiced and very simple, not overly spiced like some places do it. I defiintely will go back to try the kati rolls, after being disappointed at the kati roll place on mcdougal.
This is the best Kaati Roll I had. Period. Biryani is also very good. When I'm in NYC, I go out of my way (Sometimes walking from Penn to 46) to eat here.  There are several carts that say "Biryani Cart" but look for one that has chef's picture on it (look for the pic here on Yelp) at the end of 46.
This place has great Biryani.  Very flavorful and an excellent yogurt sauce. The kati rolls are mediocre at best.
Good food.  The white sauce is as good as everytone says it is but the line is usually ridiculous.  Thee price is right and on a beautiful night it just may be worth the wait.
The first time I stopped by this cart, I had the chicken tikka and rice.  If my review was based on that meal, I would have given a 2 star rating as the chicken was okay but the rice was horrendously bland.  Not what I would have expected from a Vendy Award winner for Indian food.Shortly afterwards, a few friends suggested I order the Chicken Kati Rolls instead.  I should have sought their advice beforehand or at the very least consulted yelp.  The super spicy and hot chicken wraps were excellent.  The Kati rolls would get 4 stars.  If you try anything else, 2 stars.  You've been warned.  As such, I averaged it out to a 3 star review.One thing you may also want to note, the food is super spicy.  Even if you enjoy hot spicy foods like I do, Indian food "hot and spicy" is at a whole different level.  A normal Kati roll will probably be too much for people that are not used to eating foods flavored with habanero peppers.More importantly, I didn't get sick from eating food from a street cart.  Lol.Saturdays are better since you don't have the lunch time crowds of business workers.Cheers!N.
My New halal cart guilty pleasure.  And also located on 6th ave! These Kati rolls are just amazing.  It's kinda like a fried Burrito, but the wrap is similar to the bread from the Roti Canai found in Malaysian restaurants. You can choose either Lamb or Chicken and they're only 6 dollars for 2, or if you just want one it would be 3 dollars (In case you needed help with the math).  Very filling with just one though. If you look at the pictures located on the cart you will see Andrew Zimmern's has tried this place too.  and with a quick web search, I see that he announced this cart the winner as Carts in the Parcs during the NYC Wine and  food festival in 2010.
I ordered the Biryani chicken ($6.00) and although it tasted good, it had maybe 3 very small pieces of chicken! It was 95% rice, 4.9% salad and .1% chicken (and a hard boiled egg). There was so much rice that I couldn't finish it. Cut down on the rice and put a decent amount of chicken and I may have given 3 or 4 stars. I couldn't really taste the chicken since there was only just a bite or two at most. I know that there were many rave reviews and I respect everyone's opinion but if my first experience was so negative, it doesn't give me much reason to go back, sorry.
I was hoping for a 5* worthy experience, mostly judging on the food, and I must say it was 2* at best.  I totally understand justified cockiness when it comes to food, especially out of carts, but make sure your food lives up to it and also your customer service.  Just because you won a Vendy does not mean you can act like a biryani-nazi... totally ignoring someone standing in front of you and then waving them to the side as if you don't deserve words.  Honestly, I could have let all that go, if the food lived up to the hype but sadly it did not.  I got the chicken biryani, and for $6 is quite the deal, but not when it comes with 3 small chunks of grey, bland, unseasoned, mystery chicken.  My plate was 90% rice, 5% egg, 5% meat.  While the rice was mighty tasty, I ordered a meat dish, not rice with chicken!
Chicken Biranyi, for $6.00, Best Deal for Lunch/Dinner in Midtown Manhattan!!! Also, they open at 1130 am.  So enjoy the fact you can have a great Indian meal for such a low price in the middle of NYC!!! :)
Probably the best cart food i've had in midtown. If your craving Indian food this is the go to place. Don't walk but run to this place during lunch hour as there is a line at time but well worth it.Must orders the Bombay spicey chicken biryani. You know it's the real deal when you see cloves and saffron in the rice. Full of great flavor. Chicken is spiced up well and it comes with a hard boiled egg. For kati rolls i'm always going to this place and its a great lunch deal. I usually order the King Kati, tika glazed, and the chennai roll, sweet glazed. For $6 where can you go wrong. The flat bread wrap goes great with the chicken or lamb mix filling.Great cart in the middle of corporate midtown and a welcome lunchtime spot. They are open at night too right before heading out to a bar.
This is the most confusing place ever to order. I literally just stepped back and let my more experienced friends take care of it...The food itself is not bad but nothing extraordinary. I liked the spices but was not a big fan of the texture of the rice. The lamb tastes the same as you would get at the famous chicken & rice cart, and the chicken is okay too. It is a huge portion for $6 though, and most of us couldn't finish it.  I'll probably go back to try the kati roll but not get the chicken/lamb and rice again.Also, can someone please explain to me what a Jack's combo is!?!
My first kati roll experience and I loved it! 2 kati rolls for $6 is a bargain for lunch in midtown! Be prepared to get some grease on your fingers when eating these rolls.
Listen, I've been to the Vendy's and I know that winning the People's Choice award is a good thing.  But I've also eaten far better biriyani than this.  (Try Bukhara Grill in Midtown East for the absolutely most amazing lamb biriyani you've ever had.  It's expensive but worth it).  This cart's rice was little more than some good yellow rice with barely any blandly spiced chicken.  It was ok, but I wouldn't seek it out again.  I would still go back to try the Kati rolls, since every other one I've tried has been a disappointment and these ones seem to get goof reviews from everyone else.
Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's horrible, and now, I have figured when are those times that it's horrible.Avoid going to the Biryani cart on holidays or off hours e.g. Sunday evenings is a bad time, because this guy isn't considerate enough to not use left over Chicken. A Bangladeshi at the end of the day, he's just too focused on profits, unlike the Halal guys, who always make sure that they serve you junk food, yet good quality.If you want to witness stomach upsets, Sunday evening is the best time for that, but if you want to enjoy good quality food, best days are Tuesdays through Fridays since there are a lot of offices open, etc.Avoid long weekends by all means!
I still remember the first time I had street meat (at another location I can no longer remember). It smelled wonderful, it hit the spot, but then my stomach rebelled. It felt like I had consumed rocks. So generally speaking, I don't eat street meat. But this cart? This cart may change my mind. My only pet peeve? I couldn't tell which cart was the right one. I read the reviews, cross-referenced Yelp photos and found two carts on the SW corner. After going back and fourth (much to the amusement of onlookers), we settled on the cart that was closest to the corner, with a family waiting in line. There were vendy award stickers, Time Out NY stickers and pics from previous press events attached to the cart.  I didn't have to wait very long for my veggie kati roll + chicken tikka kati roll and my husband's chicken biryani. Both added up to $12.  Strolled over to Bryant Park and dug in. YUM. The Kati rolls had the perfect level of spice, the meat wasn't bone dry and the sauces were delicious. I stole a few bites of the biryani and now I know why someone had ordered extra white sauce. This time around, my stomach did not complain!
WARNING : make sure you go to the right Biryani Cart. This is the one you're looking for and don't be fooled by the imitators closeby like MyBiryani, I fell for it. They are not even close to comparison. This is heads above the other carts which usually taste like slovakis glopped in white sauce.
Tried the pune and king kati rolls -- two for just $6! Great value considering the portion size. The wraps are greasy without being overwhelming, the veggies add a nice crunch, and the chicken was well-seasoned. The gentleman manning the cart was friendly even though it was getting rather chilly on an Oct. evening. Not a bad place to grab a snack or small meal if you're around Times Sq.
Yums - I get lost whenever I am around. Where am I?Luckily, S was around and said we're going to the Biryani Cart. I said, what's that?S wasn't sure where it was, but I looked it up on Yelp and hellos, I had this place bookmarked.So we came here and I got the lamb kati roll - soooooo good. The wrapper tasted like a good Taiwanese "pull" scallion pancake, except there were no scallions or pulling. I wish they would sell the wrapper by itself and add it some curry dipping sauce like a roti canal.There was no line either - love.
Previous reviews did not match to what i got as chicken biryani!! The rice was soggy, chicken was hard with no flavor At all!! Put me off to try other food trucks or even experience other food truck culture in NYC
A while back, I attended HR mandated training on management, teaming and motivation skills.  While drinking the corporate Kool-Aid, we discussed how Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs fit into motivation strategy - essentially how we can self-actualize our existence through high performance at work.Generally jaded and somewhat cynical;  meeting/exceeding personal metrics and goals sometimes isn't enough to make the drones truly happy.  On the other hand, the prospects of a lunch time plate of chicken biryani from the Biryani Cart is all the motivation one needs to trudge into work and behave pleasantly.  Savory, spicy, warming, satisfying, a simple plate of chicken and rice has manifested itself as the 'meta-therapy' that Maslow preached.  Yes, chicken biryani is the ultimate motivator.  Fortunately or unfortunately, HR hasn't caught on to that yet.More Biryani Cart coverage:midtownlunch.com/categor…
WOW! Amazing, amazing, amazing!!! All of their kati rolls are to die for but my favorite is the spicy buradi roll, the first time I ordered it, I didn't find it spicy enough but still delicious. Now every time I go I say I want it very spicy and it's ON POINT! Don't go to any other cart, go to THIS one! Make sure it has the "biryani cart" emblem from the pics. There are other carts that say biryani cart but it's not this one!! LOVE IT!!!!!!!!! And you can't beat 2 rolls for $6!
I never thought I would eat from a cart, let alone enjoy it. I absolutely love this cart. I could eat it every day, all day. The only disappointment is that there's no place to sit and eat outside close, so I have to take it back to the office (except in warm weather, Bryant Park is three short blocks away). I always get the vegetarian options; however, I have tried the chicken, and that is good, too. 2 kati rolls for $6!! They have combo platters that include a samosa, too, for $7. Some things to note: -it gets super busy during lunch hours, so if you don't want to wait, go after peak hours.-it's a freaking cart, don't bitch because they won't accept your credit card.-if it's your first time, tell the guys what kind of meat you want (or veggie) and how spicy, and they are super helpful at making recommendations. You can even mix your rolls (i.e. one veggie, one chicken; or one chicken, one lamb, etc.)-this review is for the cart on the SW corner of 46th & 6th.-order and step the hell aside; i'm hungry. Can't wait for lunch tomorrow!
I have been looking forward to trying this cart for a long time, especially after reading so many good reviews and seeing all of the publicity. I have to say, the experience was not that great and the food was just ok. We got a spicy chicken biryani and two chicken tikka rolls. With the biryani, the rice was great, but the chicken was kind of cold and there wasn't that much of it. Plus it was kind of bland which is unheard of for an Indian cart. The Kati rolls were just ok as well. Chicken was fine this time but the bread was soggy. On top of this, we placed our order and he forgot half of it so we had to order a second time. I accept that I may just have had a bad experience so I am willing to try it again. I just won't be going out of my way to do so considering how many other places there are to eat.
Great quality for $6. Loved the spiciness.
NYC has so many food cart... Biryani is one of the best one!!!What's good about the cart:- CHEAP-kati roll 2 for only 6 bucks...- Awesome location- NYC Best street food - in NY Times- Authentic Spicy Indian Food- The service is really fast.. I don't have to wait for more than 10 minutes for Chicken Biryani and the kati roll-different choices of kati rollWhat I dislike:- Too oily.. (I guess most of the Indian food are like that?)
I wandered around each corner of this intersection before I finally found Biryani Cart on the SW side. (So many identical carts!!!) I had an intense craving for kati rolls that would just not go away. Ordering got kind of weird; there were three guys inside and they all seemed to be taking my order while somehow ignoring me and taking the order from the guy behind me at the same time. Umm and I tried to specify which chicken rolls I wanted but that went disregarded as well, and the guy handed me my two identical (but delicious!) rolls in a flat 10 seconds. So fast, yet so confusing.For $6, I got two sizable chicken rolls that were juicy, warm and had just the right amount of spicy zing. The only thing I'd change is that it'd be better if the wrap were just a bit softer, but overall it didn't make a huge difference.
3rd stop on the Mid-Town Food Cart Tour, by Sidewalks of NY. We got to taste a Kati Roll. Never in my wildest dreams would I have ever tried this item, if I were not  on a Food tour. I'm glad I did and I just broadened my ethnic palate.
Not sure what the hype is all about ! I tried the chicken biryani and it was an utter disappointment. It was basically half cooked plain bland  boiled yellow rice with chicken served along stale lettuce. C'mon folks biryani is an exclusive Mughal cuisine with exotic blends of spices cooked in yogurt and chicken in basmati rice. This place is a shame to biryani and fraud to non- native Indians by passing something else as biryani.I will avoid this business !
Food was tasty, slightly spicy and flavorful, glad I was near the food truck when I was looking. The hungry box appears to have the same/slightly less food in comparison to other orders but it was only 5$ and still filling!
Go there 2 - 3 times a month.  Love the Kati rolls, ask for chicken and lamb mixed (though sometimes they complain about it).  Awesome.
Man, the Kati rolls are mouth watering goodness.  I was really sad moving from NYC and was literally going through withdraws not being able to eat another Kati roll.  I even did a backpack around India and have not found a better Kati roll.  Don't miss this place!
Delicious! So glad I discovered this place soon after starting a job right across the street. A colleague and I enjoyed our Kati roll lunches very much and will return very soon.
I was looking for something quick, worth the money and a place that doesn't take 20 min. on the line to check out.. So I found this biriyani cart on yelp.. Most of the reviews complemented the cart so I went to take a bite at what the big fuss was about.. The cart is famous for its Kati rolls. Its was ok!! It was basically a halal gyro w/ a Malaysian paratha bread rolled into a sandwich.. The food didn't stand out to me. It was pretty filling.. But nothing out of the ordinary..
Two words: Buradi RollsI usually don't write reviews but when I do, it's cause it's truly amazing. Skip the spicy chicken biryani, the people raving about it need to get their taste buds checked cause it ain't got nothing on the Buradi Rolls. Sweet, spicy, soft, chickeny goodness. Best thing I've had in a while.
I'm a regular of this place since I work and live within walking distance.  I may get crucified for this but - I believe this food trumps the all-mighty 53rd and 6th Halal cart.  There.  I said it.  Good thing my home address isn't listed on yelp.Major differences:Their chicken are bite sized chunks and seasoned very well with spices.  As a contrast, most chicken and rice carts cook their chicken by the wheelbarrowfull and dice/cut/pulverize the pieces into smithereens.  In the end, you feel like you're eating chicken with the consistency of ground beef and pulled pork, which is weird for chicken.   /Ending rant on typical Halal cart chickenTheir Kati rolls are amazing.  It's almost like a scallion pancake wrapper instead of a thicker pita.  Expect your hands to get oily.  The chicken and rice is also fantastic.  Like I said above - whole chunks of chicken seasoned well with spices (they even have a shaker to add more spices at the end for flavor...such perfectionists!).  I do wish they gave out white sauce by the truckload like the other carts though.  But I guess with really tasty chicken you don't need as much.Ordering here during lunch (12-2pm weekdays) is another story.  It's hell.  Sometimes, I wake up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat, screaming out "that's mine!"  There's usually a mob of people outside the cart, with the 3 guys inside scrambling to take in orders.  There's no system here.  You scream it at them and hope they're cooking it.  Sometimes, person #10 gets their order before person #1, even if it's the same thing.  Keep your ears open and be vigilant.  All in all, the food is spectacular and one of the best chicken+rice carts I've had in the city.  Go for the food, not the service or ordering system.Quick tips:1.  Don't be timid about ordering or reminding them of what you ordered.  Timid people are hungry people.  Use your elbows if you have to2.  Count your change before you leave.  Once they shorted me 10 bucks off a 20 (I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume they were super busy)3.  Zach's combo (from midtownlunch) = chicken biryani, kati roll, samosa for 7$ during lunch.  It took me forever to figure out why everyone kept asking for "jack combo"
Decent variation to the Chicken and Rice platter... adding a little bit of the pickled mangos and chutneys.  Not the best Biryani I've had but pretty good for the price.  The vendor also threw in a Dahl Puri for free as a sample.  Good guys overall.  Would go there again...
I've tried dozens and dozens of these halal carts over the years and keep coming back to these guys. They have 2 carts, side by side. Leaves 53rd & 6th in the dust by far, and there's no crazy line either! They've won Vendy awards too...these guys definitely know what they're doing.Get the chicken tikka over rice, mild if you're not partial to spicy food (but first ask yourself why you're not). 53rd and 6th is run by Arabs so the food isn't as heavily-seasoned as Biryani Cart's food, which has an Indo-Pak flavor (yellow basmati rice that's scented with cumin, moist tandoori chicken which is grilled with fresh coriander and onions, white sauce, hot sauce, AND green sauce too...my mouth is watering just thinking about it!). The biryani is great too (comes with some complimentary achar aka pickled vegetables, as well as a hardboiled egg), and I love their sweet chili chicken over rice and their kati rolls as well (tandoori chicken wrapped in parathas, what's not to love?).
This was a late night meal after a few beers at some beer bars in Hells Kitchen.  It was pretty close to my hotel.  They dish I had were almost like little burritos with spicy meat.  It was quick and delicious.
Great place for lunch during work.  $6, great value.  I prefer this  food over the chicken and rice on 53rd and 6th.Line is usually pretty long so leave some time for that.  I had the popular spicy biryani chicken w/rice plate.  Very very flavorful.  Could have more chicken in it though, and the egg was... a bit strange.  Just a boiled egg in the middle of your food - didn't really go with it.  I would eat here all the time if I could handle it.
Yummy!  This was basically my first time trying Indian food and I was really nervous.  But the chicken tikka masala was great!  And only $5 for a huge portion!I came around 5pm so there was no wait.  The guy working there was super friendly.  I asked for it medium spicy, but I think I could have handled the regular spicy.  Don't get me wrong, it packs a punch but in a great way.My only concern was about the chicken itself.  It was extremely fatty and made me a little nauseous by the time I got to the end.  Of course, this could also be because I wolfed the whole thing down in one sitting.  Either way, I guess you can't be too picky when ordering street food.
Located at the South West corner of 46th and 6th street near Times Square.  My wife and I showed up at 12:30am on a Friday and no one was there.  238 reviews, 4/5 stars... I was expecting something awesome.  Instead the food was good, not great, just good.  But again this is 'cart' food.  I wouldn't recommend this spot to anyone but if they did ask 'hey where can I go to get some NY cart food' I would tell them to go here because everyone on Yelp said so.
Got food poisoned by their food. Definitely some health code violation must have been flouted in order to have gotten me this sick over a katti roll. Here is some advice to the owners, charge a little more slow down improve ur cleanliness. am never going back it costedme a whole night of violent throwing up! disgusted
***Review written by an Indian for Spice lovers***The Chicken and Lamb Combo with all the spices and sauces is "The Best in the Town". Kati Rolls are delicious.. Depending on the time you go there will be a huge queue and service is a bit slow, but if you want your tongue to have foodgasm, it's worth the wait..I won't suggest their Biryani for my Desi Bros as its a bit bland...
I got the spicy Bombay chicken biryani. Like other reviewers have said, they give you very few pieces of chicken- it is mostly rice. The chicken itself was pretty bland and the food overall was really not spicy at all. I was not impressed. After reading all the good reviews, I was expecting much better. Maybe I'll go back to try one of their rolls but , I'm not in a hurry.
Kati Roll, pretty bomb, pretty legit.Enough said.
This review is solely based on their chicken biryani.Did they go downhill since the Vendy Award?  I had never been there prior to that, could only imagine that it used to be better?  The chicken was bland, it's almost like they just boiled the chicken and threw them on top of the rice, no seasoning whatsoever.  The rice was cold, not much flavor either.  The fried pickle tasted like a glob of salty mushy object.  The egg was a regular hard boiled egg.  The salad was... yeah, salad.  To top things off, I found a hair in the rice.Needless to say, not impressed at all, and a bit grossed out.  Maybe I should've gotten the kati rolls?
I had been looking forward to eating here for a while now.  Since I found out that the Biryani Cart got the vendi award in 2009, I figured it had to be really good.  I went on a Sunday evening (Father's day) and there was no line; one guy was working the cart.Summary -- For lamb and rice, stick to 53rd & 6th.  The service was very slow (only one guy working the cart).  Kati roll was good; would go back for that.Below is what I ordered and my associated review:Combo Platter, Chicken Platter  --  decent sized platter (this is where the good ends).  The chicken and lamb pieces in it were not too flavorful.  The rice was very bland. The hot sauce was not hot at all.  The white sauce was watery and disappeared into the food within 5 minutes.Bombay Chicken Biryani  --  Ok, I have had biryani before and I remember it being very good.  When I opened the carton and looked at the Bombay Chicken Biryani, it looked very good.  The rice had the chicken cooked into it and then he put some some of the same gyro chicken (perhaps with a different sauce).  But, when I took the first bite, it was all downhill.  The chicken that was cooked into the rice, had no color, it was bland.  It was almost as if the chicken crawled into the rice and died in there.  Disgusting!!  I could not even finish it.Kati Roll (lamb)  --  I have never had a Kati Roll but it looked good in the picture so I decided to get one.  I have to say, it was made very well.  Wrapped in a burrito style, with just the right amount of hot sauce and meat.  I devoured the roll in under 30 seconds.  The presentation of the Kati roll was also very good, it was wrapped in a wax paper and it held together very well.
I was going to be adventurous and try the kati roll, but I chickened out and got the biryani instead (in my defense, I was in the mood for rice) :p it was as expected: a lot of food (although not a whole lot of chicken), and tasty, spicy biryani. I ended up getting two meals out of it, so I'm extra happy ;DWill be coming back to try the chicken tikka and the kati rolls.
Decided to go into the city Monday to enjoy the great weather, I thought I'll stroll down 6th ave and try out the cart.. Got a Chicken and Lamb Kati roll and also the chicken biryani..  The Kati rolls were good and had the right amount of spices to it.. The lamb is the same lamb you get from all the halal carts in the city..  So its not some special lamb as I thought it would be, having said that I like the halal gyros so I wasn't disappointed.  The chicken biryani was a letdown.. The spices from the rice is overpowering and the chicken was barely to be found.. If I were to eat just the rice I would've headed over to 53rd and gotten a mixed platter..
That was incredible.Combination over rice. Spicy, complex, quality meat that was tender. That was damn good. I came at night. Only but one person in front of me. Didn't take long at all. Everything was fantastic. Great food for the right price.
I asked for chicken biranyi. When I opened the box I saw that it was rendered inedible because they smothered it with white sauce (h/t; biranyi is never doused with sauce). I asked for another one and he refused.
The lines are no coincidence.  It isn't just a great corner location. There is something almost unholy about how good food from this cart can be.  Fortunately I diet obsessively, otherwise this man's food would have easily added an inch to my waistline and removed a decimal place from my bank account.   I've tried their Kati Rolls which were so tasty, I had to stop and talk myself down from eating the all too quickly.  I've also had their Biriyani and it was toe-curlingly delicious.  I can't remember much more after that.  Its likely that I passed out.Whenever I pass Biriyani Cart or its kid brother Sandwich Land, I need to stop and repeat to myself one of my dieting mantras.  If you are freer about your waist and money clip and find yourself in this man's line, consider yourself a lucky bastard.
This cart is a good one.  I got the chicken biryani and was pleased with the whole experience.  I must say however, it is getting a 3-star because it is not anything exceptional.  Maybe I need to try the kati roll that everyone is raving about, but their Biryani itself is nothing to go crazy over.  I will say that the veggies, mango, spiciness, and hard boiled egg make the meal and is definitely a differentiator among other carts; but still the chicken and rice itself could be better.I'd probably be more of a frequent visitor if I didnt have to walk to from the East side during my lunch break.
Absolutely loved the kati-rolls here. Exceptional taste and quality and cheap. 2 kati rolls for $6!! I wish I had also ordered the biryani. maybe next week.
Words cannot express how much I love eating at this cart.  Their kati rolls are awesome and their meat is delicious with tons of flavor.  It has become a place I need to stop by whenever I go to NY.
Everyone in my office who's been there has been a fan of it. This is my first time there and I'm very impressed with the kati roll. I ordered the kati roll special, which comes with 2 kati rolls, either lamb or chicken. I ordered both. At first I thought the rolls maybe too small for my appetite, especially I didn't have breakfast today, but I'm surprised that I actually feel full, although my mouth says it wants more. The roll itself is a little sweet and tasted like coconut. The coconut taste is very subtle, like how coconut rice tastes like. The chicken was a little spicier than the lamb, but both taste great.I will definitely go back and try the rest of the menu, my coworker had the biryani chicken with rice and he said that was good.
Food cart like this one is what make NYC, NYC!!!!! If you want to save a buck, something delicious, (hands down the best kati roll that I'd tried), and be in the middle of everything this is the cart to go to!!!!
Wow, this place is one of my new favorites.  I used to go 53rd and 6th Ave for chicken and rice all the time but that place can't hold a candle to the wonderful taste and freshness that is kati rolls from biriyani cart.  To bite into this Kati roll is to experience sweet, spicy, crunchy, and soft. The bread and spices are so unique. It's great, especially the lamb kati roll.  However I've heard the biriyani is actually not that great.  The food is fresh and cooked to order so the service takes a little longer than 53rd and 6th but I'll wait for it because it's phenomenal.
So I actually saw this Biryani Cart on the Travel channel several months ago before I moved to NY and I was dying to try it, I have searched and searched for this cart and with so many food carts in Midtown Manhattan it was very tough to find it and at last I found the right cart, I ordered the Veggie Biryani and man was it ever worth the search! First of all the portion for the price is a steal, so much flavor, OMGEEE, there is great balance of curry, sweet, spicy, all going on at the same time without being overwhelming, there where many people ordering the Kati Rolls, I assume this is probably one of the most popular items ordered, I'm not too familiar with Kati Rolls so I stuck with the Biryani, if someone would have brought this to my house and put it on a plate in front me the last thing I would have thought was this is from a cart in Midtown. Bottom line, if your into Biryani go seek this cart out.KEY TIP:There are many many carts in Midtown in fact there is another Biryani cart on 44th, this is NOT your cart, you are looking for the cart on 46th and 6th, your tell sign that you are at the right cart will be all the write ups and reviews posted on the cart and there is a picture of Anthony Zimmerman from the Travel Ch. tasting this carts food.
Lost my kati roll virginity to this cart and now I'm obsessed. The chicken biryani wasn't shabby, but it was a little bland.
We flew all the way from San Jose, CA for Kati Rolls and Biryani. It's the best ever so get in line cause it's worth the wait!!!!
Love their p.w.c.d egg roll, lamb kati roll, combo over rice with extra spicy sauce is awesome. Chicken biryani, chicken kati roll is ok.Will return for their egg kati roll.
I am not Indian. Most of my friends are and I can say with decent confidence that I know good vs bad Indian food. I will review what I've eaten at this cart below. Chicken/Lamb Kati Rolls: I've never had them before this cart food and I don't really know what they're supposed to taste like. The concoction that I got was pretty much chopped meat, veggies and other stuff rolled into a pita (or nan?). It seemed like the pita was doused in oil and put on the griddle a tad too long. It was burnt yet still really oily.  They put a spicy green sauce on kati rolls. It's delish. I felt the Kati rolls were just too greasy and pretty messy on top of that. I wasn''t impressed with the taste/flavor either. I don't plan to get them again. Chicken Biryani: This is not even close to biryani. It's more like a halal food chicken over rice with lettuce on the side. The marinated chicken is supposed to be cooked in the same pot as the rice, allowing the rice to soak up all the yummy marinade. This was a hack job with everything made in separately. The taste wasn't even that good and why was so much sauce squirted on top of my food? It just wasn't what I was expecting. Definitely recommend that you don't try this. Save your $6 Chicken Tikka: This is the only reason Biryani cart is not getting 2 stars. The chicken had very nice flavor. The pieces of meat seem more drumstick/thigh than breast. Every other piece had some fat on it. Very nice texture/flavor contrast to just eating hunks of pure meat. The flavor was very good. The rice actually isn't basmati and it was a little overcooked (soggy) but it was still yummy. I thought the lettuce visually detracted from the dish, but the crunch keeps the rice texture from getting monotonous. I would definitely recommend this and I would certainly consider getting this in lieu of 53rd/6th halal food next time I'm out for a late night snack in the city. If this was the only thing I ever tried at this cart, I probably would've given it 4 stars, but it's too late for that.
I was pretty excited to try this place out based on the relatively good reviews. It totally doesn't live up to its hype. I got two chicken kati rolls for $6 while meeting a friend for lunch around 12:15PM. There wasn't much of a line, so I got my food relatively quickly. The kati rolls were soggy and the meager portion of chicken inside didn't seem very fresh. More alarmingly...I found bits of plastic cooked with the chicken filling! I know that it's a cart and all, but that still really grossed me out. Never again...
Right now all I had was the Kati Rolls, and that is enough for me to give this cart a 5...the Kati rolls ARE FREAKING SLAMMMMMINNNNGGGG...seriously...its just roti wrap with either lamb or chicken and some lettuce and sauce in it...and it is just freaking awesome..i ordered 2 and then wanted to take another 4 home...seriously good stuff...next time will try some of the other stuff...but the Kati rolls by themselves were worth it...
The kati rolls are very tasty. For $6 you get two kati rolls, everyone gets one chicken and one lamb. All the ingredients in the roll come together very well to create a fine tasting wrap. The meat is very flavorful. The texture of the wrap is very good, it is not like a tortilla, it is more doughy and thicker. The sauces inside the roll is like crack, it's pretty frickin good and addicting. Two will get you full enough to enjoy the city, but not full to where you can't breathe. The only drawback with the kai roll is that it is greasy, but don't let that stop you!
This is the money spot.  One of the best investments one can make this side of financial midtown.  Though your gut may beg to differ.  Chicken Tikka Marsala ($6) and and Sweet Chili Chicken Kati Roll ($3).  The bomb!  Drinks are $1.  Price-wise, taste-wise, one will be hard pressed to find a better deal that bangs the buck and makes love to your taste buds.   I will be returning for an encore performance very soon.  Awesome.  I feel fat now.  Thanks Biryani!
THE quintessential halal-style food cart.  Get the biryani chicken with red sauce AND white sauce if you're feeling particularly crazy.
My go to lunch spot a midst the confusion of the midtown lunch crowd gathered among the select trucks.. without question I always opt for my Indian food. Love my Kati-rolls made with chicken. One roll is made so delightfully and savory that it's enough to fill me up until the rest of my day. It's also real nice to know that you can still get a real good bite for under $5 in the city. Sold!
Good food , Flavorful. Would pick them over the Halal Guys anyday .
I am from India, so of course I have better Biryani & Kati rolls in my life, but going today I kept an open mind considering it is in a country of varied flavor palate. We were pleasantly surprised for one there were no lines and literally no one around lunch time on a Sunday!! We anyway went ahead & ordered the popular kati roll and biryani. The kati roll was medium spiced and we quiet liked it. We later found a place to sit down to savor the biryani - the flavor of which I must say was very good, but a little into our biryani meal, we found pieces of what looked like mutton & I being a strictly chicken n fish person, couldn't eat another bite. Also, the pieces of chicken in the biryani seemed like left over bits and pieces of meat.It was totally disappointing, considering all the publicity the cart has gained over the years. PS: There is a cart called "Biryani Car"bang on the opp side of the road, we almost went there & then realized the clever guy is trying to make a buck off the original "Biryani Cart"
Very indulgent.  Worth every calorie.If you are in the area make sure you try the Kati rolls or if you're really hungry the Chicken Biryani.  The spices come together really well and the meat always juicy and tender.  This is some yummy stuff and the ppl love it as evidenced by the always existent line (also read: safe to eat street meat).
By far still my favorite cart in Manhattan -- have converted friends and family to give up on 53rd and 6th and come here instead!!  You want Chicken over Rice they got with a tons more flavor...You want a Kati Roll or two with some good flavor and variety they got it....You want some of the best (maybe only) Chicken Biryani from a cart in the world! They got it...I keep coming back, it is definitely my default stop when I am around Midtown.Thank you for bringing really good food to the streets.
I love this place.  I used to wrk around the corner in the years it won the peoples choice awards at the vendy's.  The Kati Rolls and the Chicken Biryani are amazing.  Even today I stop by every now and then and still have great experience.  Its a lunch spot and the lines used to be crazy, less so now.  They were masters at taking orders and it was 10 deep and they still remembered who ordered what and when.  I miss working in midtown.
They used to be very good but their quality has definitely gone down. Thankfully i have have found a better biriyani cart...in downtown...next to the bank of america cube on broadway....way better....hopefully the vendy awards guys will notice the difference.
Today I finally was able to check out this hyped food stand in the midtown area. Since I rarely go around 46th and 6th, I went all out and made two orders: a chicken biryani ($6) and an order of kati rolls (2 for $6). The guy in charge was very friendly and made good small talk with him while he was slaving away in that tiny kitchen area. The first thing I ate was the kati rolls (spicy buradi and a sweet chili), the sweet chili kati roll was definitely a nice blend of sweet and spicy and probably sticks out from the Biryani cart, in terms with the Kati Roll Company. The Spicy Buradi was also very good and definitely hit the spot. It may not be 100% filling, but makes a good snack/ side dish. Unfortunately, the Chicken Biryani, which is an Indian variation of Chicken and Rice did not live up to the hype, as I read in other reviews. There isn't much chicken and the rice was meh, the white sauce and hot sauce helped the dish provide some flavor, but in the end it wasn't worth finishing. I should have ordered the Chicken Tikka, which I probably would order next time and what you should get instead.Overall, this gets a 4 out of 5 because the Kati rolls definitely made the trek to this cart worth it. However, the Biryani dish did not live up to it's namesake.
We decided to take a nice walk from 53rd and Lex all the way to this place and it was worth the walk... I got the bombay chicken biryani and it was very tasty. I would have given it one more star as i got very few pieces of chicken. Else all was very good.
First let me start off by saying I was very torn when considering my star rating.  As far of street food goes it's hard not to give this place top notch ratings for taste and price.  $6 for lunch in midtown is a steal and it definitely fills you up.  There tends to be a line, but this never bothered me much.  Join the masses, yell out your order and step aside, wash rinse repeat.  My biggest issue has been one of consistency.  When this cart is on point the food is great unfortunately I've had a few experiences with grisly chicken (it's cart food what do you expect) less than warm rolls, overly sauced and sloppy rolls, but again it's cart food so don't expect fine dinning.  They do tend to get slammed around noon till 2p for the lunch rush and this is where I've had the most problems.  I've seen them pre-box a few of their more popular rolls to speed things and this contributes to the issue.One stand out is the PWCD which is basically a fried egg with spicy potatoes. They cook the egg to order so this one always satisfies and rarely suffers quality issues.  Another favorite is the Spicy Chicken Biryani.The Kati company might have a higher quality product, but at half the price it's pretty hard to beat the Biryani Cart.
One of my favorite street meat spots.  I don't get this very often but when I crave it, this is where I go and it certainly hits the spot!  It's cheap, filling and delicious!  I always get the chicken over rice with hot, white and BBQ sauce.  Although I always try not to finish the whole thing (because it's huge!) I usually end up eating most of it anyway.The Kati rolls are good too.
I wanted to give this place a 5 star review. I swear I did. I just haven't tried enough things here! I will, just give me time...Chicken Kati Roll - AMAZING! Chicken is cooked nicely and the chutney is to die forLamb Kati Roll - LOVE LOVE LOVE ITChicken Biriyani - what it should be. 100% authentic Indian biriyani. Stay tuned....I'm going to try the spicy biriyani and the goat biriyani next! Oh and I want an egg roll tooooo!!!
The news of the day is: Pigeons are cannibalistic.Some chicken fell from me and my friends' meals and they ate it up! They ate it up eagerly! They ate it up like a supermodel at a celery convention!But within reason: the chicken was delicious! I ordered the King Koti Kati Roll (say that ten times fast and I'll buy you one. [Not really... unless you pay.]), two for six dollars, and was amazed at how delicious it was.Somehow, the rolls were moist without being greasy, the bread was the perfect texture, and the chicken was covered in a spicy tikka-like glaze... spicy for the meek, delicious at its peak.Service is okay, but people in Midtown apparently have no conception of a line...
Biryani Cart definitely has my favorite kati rolls in the city. To be fair, I've only had kati rolls at one other place, but I personally think these blow Kati Roll Company out of the water. Great flavors and the chicken is tender and moist (maybe a bit on the oily side but not prohibitively so). 2 for $6 FTW!
Delicious and affordable! A friend and I tried chicken biryani and two kati rolls. Biryani was okay but the kati rolls really took it home. I would go back just to try the other kati rolls they offer. I think I got spicy chicken and I forgot the other one. A little oily but it was worth it. Around 9pm, there wasn't a line at all but I saw an identical truck next to it. I'm assuming it's there to accommodate the long lines they usually get.
I am in love! We stopped at the Biryani Cart for a quick lunch on a freezing Sunday afternoon and got the Bombay Spicy Chicken Biryani, King Koti Roll, and Buradi Roll. The rice was very moist and flavorful, and easily as good if not better than what you get at a sit down restaurant. The rolls, though, were the star of the show. Both consisted of juicy meat, marinated in yogurt, smothered in 1 or 2 spicy sauces, topped with lettuce, and wrapped in a thin, rich Indian bread. We gobbled everything up as fast as we could while huddled against the side of a building trying to shield ourselves from the frigid wind. It was extremely messy, I had sauce all over my face and dripping down my chin, and I couldn't feel my fingers by the end,  but it was totally worth it. It was literally so good that I had a this-is-what-living-in-NYC-is-all-about moment.
Man I truly love this place. Visiting NYC on business and was looking for some authentic food and not wanting to spend a fortune. Read about this place and said lets venture down (was staying on UWC). It's about a 30 minute walk from where I was staying. No number to call so not sure if they were even going to be there but took my chances. How glad I am that I did. The briyani is so tasty. It hit the spot really well. It just has this flavor that cant be explained but when you eat it you know that you are eating the good stuff. Alot of chicken too which was surprising cause the cost is only $6.00. Of course it's a truck so no where to sit to enjoy your food, etc but that won't stop me from coming back to this place whenever I am back in NYC. I do with the portion size was a bit bigger. It tasted so good that I could have easily eaten more (I got two Kati rolls to go but they weren't as good as the briyani).
The only reason this place is getting 1 star is because 0 or negative stars aren't possible. Where do I even begin.. horrible selection of food. The guy looks like he's doing you a favor by selling you food. If you know actual Indian food and actual Kati rolls, this place is shit, Literally. The rolls had no salt, no seasoning, no taste. The chicken biriyani was missing chicken chunks. It was just white rice and 4-5 pieces of what looks like chicken and was incredibly tasteless. Never going to be back and will discourage everyone from going there. I know food...and that wasn't it.
The best biriyani cart food I have ever had. Koti roll is too good too. Love the taste. They take only cash. Its a little spicy and good for the cold weather.
Since I've lived in NYC for the past 5 years this is by far the best street food I've ever had. Every time I've brought a friend to try it with me they have fallen in love just like I did the first time.
This.  Is.  The.  Shit.My cousin took me here after a tour around Manhattan and Times Square and he definitely saved the best for last.  I didn't care if it was 3 in the morning.  It was all worth it.I ordered the Kati Rolls.  You can order either lamb or chicken, but I ordered both because I'm a G like that.The wrapping they use is very reminiscent of a Green Onion Pancake, a Taiwanese Delicacy.  Being a Taiwanese person myself, this was already a win.  The meats were both cooked to perfection but I think the lamb version wins it out of the two by a very narrow margin.  However, both were very flavorful and delicious.I can recommend this after a heavy night of drinking.  It is an oily, flavorful dish that will satisfy even the craziest drunken munchie.  It is also cheap so it isn't a hard hit on the wallet after all those rounds you bought.  2 Kati Rolls are $6.
Disappointing. I work right by the biryani cart and everyone raves about it. I've read the articles about it and I don't see the hype. The spice combo was good and I did really enjoy the flavor, but the chicken biryani was really just a plate of rice with a few vegetables and a couple pieces of chicken. For the value I'd rather get a chicken over rice at any halal cart
Decent biryani for 6$. It isn't too spicy but it tastes good. The rice tastes like Indian biryani and chicken tastes like the one from chicken over rice carts. Overall it is a decent place and is worth a try if you stay nearby and are bored of your regular lunch.
PROBABLY ONE OF MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN NYC, definitely top 10!!!  Randomly happened to run into s Biryani cart and yelped them, decided to give them a try after all they have 4 stars! And BAMMMM I was hit by the almighty holy Biryani! And the kati rolls is the best in the city forget the halal guys and the Kati roll company those are for tourist! If you want authentic Desi food this is the place to grab a bite at! Grab this and go to Times Square!
Chicken tikka masala, hi :)
Best Kati rolls in town.  They won a Vendi award for their delicious cuisine not that long ago.
2 years ago this was a five, in the last few months I have noticed a dramatic decline. Their kati rolls are what you should have. DO NOT deviate! Although they are a little greasy, 2 for $6 is a good deal and they are filling. Pass on the Biryani which is only chicken these days no more combo... and it's a lot of rice and 2 chucks of chicken and you have to look for the chicken. Veggie Biryani is just rice, no veggies at all. LAME.Look, lots of people like this spot and I used to but it isn't what it once was and now I go less often. They need to keep with the quality and finally instate some kind of system for taking orders and dishing them out.My visit today was less than spectacular flavor wise, barely any chicken at all and people are yelling that they get the wrong order. Also, someone out there is going to get a really spicy Biryani whether they ordered it or not.
Not sure what the hype about this place is - I just got lunch from here and I think I might have gotten the wrong dish. The chicken biryani I got wasn't anything like the pictures here, mine looked like pulao with 3-4 small bite size chicken pieces on it. The rice was really soft and flavorful - but not sure whether what I got would be considered a biryani.....
Another delicious food cart review! I had the Zach combo most recently which consists of chicken biryani, samosa, and Kati roll for $7. I normally just get kati rolls from here. The chicken and kati rolls are very flavorful and yummy. As for the samosa, it was ehh for me. very thin, somewhat crunchy/soggy and not much fillings to my liking but its my first time ever having samosa anywhere so I can't really say much or do any comparisons. They are a little cheap with the quantity of the chicken chucks in the biryani and the rice isn't the best so if I do come back, it will only be strictly for the kati rolls. Would add another star if they gave more meat on their combos. Overall, still another choice for a delicious tasty cheap lunch but personally I'll choose chicken and rice on 53rd.*Tips*1. There is not really a line so you will have to scream your order and do check up on it if it is taking too long.2. Can be very greasy.3. Combos have a lot of rice and kinda cheap on the meat so you might want to add extra. (Never tried asking it but tell me how it goes).4. There are sauces there for you if you need..
The cart was located on 46th on the west side of 6th unlike all the other food trucks on 46th street.Items are cooked to order, so you may have to wait a bit for your order to come out.  The chicken biryani is rice served with a hard boiled egg, chicken and lettuce.  Overall the flavor was good, but my serving only had about 3 bites of chicken in it.  If it's called chicken biryani I was expecting a lot more chicken.  The rice was wonderful.The chicken Kati Roll was quite spicy and tasty.  A paratha type pancake rolled and filled with a some kind of condiment, tomato, lettuce and chicken.  The chicken reminded me of tandoori chicken.All the chicken was cooked well and was tender.  All in all it made for a good lunch.
(2.5 stars)I was so excited to try the biryani from this cart because of all the glowing reviews. What a let down! Tried the chicken biryani and it didn't look or taste like the typical Indian/Pakistani biryani at all. At best it was a chicken pulao/pilaf with some green sauce thrown on it for good measure. The taste wasn't bad at all (a bit on the bland side) and it was fresh. The chicken quality was strictly okay - a mix of white and dark meat.
Omg these Kati rolls are soooo good. They're so moist and chewy yet flaky at the right places. The chicken is soooo flavourful and juicy. Two of these amazing rolls for $6. I got the pune and chennai bc my mouth can't handle spicy all that much but they were still kind of spicy... I loved it it was perfect.
I stopped by to try the chicken biryani here. It was not bad but was only just okay for me. You get basmati rice cooked with many spices in it such as cardamom pods, pepper, cloves, and there was even a cinnamon stick and a hard boiled egg in it. Then he tops it off with some hot sauce, a little white sauce, and this spicy green sauce. Taste-wise it was honestly not much different than the generic halal chicken and rice you find anywhere. It just had a little more spice and seasoning in the flavor. It was alright to try but I would not return.
Place should be Renamed "Famous for three small pieces of Chicken" because that is all you get amongst a pool of rice. I had Chicken Baryani from the cart.  I wish I had the reviews before and ordered the roti because although the baryani was pretty good but it was just swathes of rice and tiny three pieces of Chicken. I was going to go there again to see if I just got the wrong end of the bucket but after reading these reviews they are quite notorious for giving only 3 tiny pieces of unseasoned chicken.I'm kind of glad I only gave the guy 5 dollars because that's all the hard currency I had at that time with me. It was definitely not worth more than 3-4 dollars.If rice and chicken is what you are after walk over to the HALAL guys a few blocks up.Update I went there again to give it another go since it has great reviews and I was disappointed again.One thing I noticed all the pictures hanging on the cart of news reviews was someone else in the pictures. Maybe it's the secret agents of the bad food whose job it is to bring me bad food conveniently got rid of the real cart guy and brought in a serial bad cook. Dun dun dun...
Tired of halal guys? Think they're way overhyped? Finding yourself a bit farther downtown? Then come on over and check out biryani cart! Although the workers aren't nearly as friendly, they won't be getting lost in conversation with themselves and neglecting your outstretched hand with a wad of cash. It's a real cart too! Where there's space inside for the workers to stand and everything. None of that New York cart nonsense where the cook stands on the same side as you. It must be nice to be so close to the hot food in the winter, although probably not as much in the summer. Anyway, this place is pretty cheap too, two kati rolls (their main, famous thing) for $6. It's nowhere near the insane portion size of halal, but it's good enough for the average person. They're pretty tasty too, with lots of options! And you don't have to rely on white-colored sauce for the majority of the flavor. Come here for a change of pace from halal and you'll be happy you made the choice. Your wait will be much shorter too!
Excellent Indian food card by Rockefeller Plaza (an area far too diluted by other lackluster carts).  Spicy food served with a smile, and you can actually see the different ingredients rather than one large glob of chunky meat.  Added star for throwing in a free kati roll with my order towards the end of the day...thanks!
Traveler from Los Angeles..have tasted the best Indian cuisine around US..this place is up the charts..finger licking street side food!!
Was wandering around NYC, looking for something interesting for lunch, refusing to eat the ubiquitous streetcar hotdogs my son and wife chose - and even skipped the ice cream treats they had in the middle of central park, knowing I was destined for something better.Walked down 5th Ave a ways, sat down in the shade, and checked Google maps to see what was near me.  Not 40 yards away was the Biryani cart.  Most reviews were pretty positive, and I'm a sucker for good Indian food, so gave it a shot. Ordered the Chennai Kati Rolls (they come two per order).  They were only $6, so I figured I needed to order something else (I eat a lot), so I also ordered the combo kabob for another $6.  Add a bottle of water and I'm all set for $13.  The guy making it was super nice, so I dropped the $2 in change into the tip jar, and strolled back to my hotel to feast.I've never had Kati rolls before, so had no idea what to expect.  I suppose it's not unreasonable to think of them as India's answer to the gyro.  Whatever you call them, they were phenomenal.  Just the right amount of spice and heat.  Just excellent.  The two of them would absolutely be a good sized meal for most people.  However, after eating the first one, I moved on to the kabob.Now, I'm a bit confused, as this "kabob" was not the chunks of meat and vegetables on a skewer that I've so often over-cooked to oblivion on the grill.  Here's what this is: put a healthy bed of rice in a 6: dish, add a layer of lettuce maybe some onion), and then spread over that a good sized portion of small, marinated chunks of chicken meat with some pieces of onion and spices.  Squirt a couple kinds of sauce over the top, add a dusting of dry spices from a shaker, and you have a good size dish of flavorful awesomeness.  It was damn good.  I finished that off (I don't eat much rice, so left most of that - though it was excellent, too), and then finished off the second Kati roll.  Burp.All in all, a great experience.  I'd order the same thing again.  In fact, one of the reasons I'm writing this review is so that I can easily find this place next time I'm in town!Hope you have a great experience, too.
Great fan. They kathi rolls are better than the Kathi roll company. Get the kathi rolls without fail. Biryani is not an actual biryani. It more of a fusion between indo-chinese fried rice and biryani - its good too. The cook is very friendly and gives good suggestions.
If you're visiting here, the first word of caution is that (like many other well-known NYC carts) there seem to be imitators. Make sure to order from the one on the southwest corner of 46th and 6th, as this is the 'authentic' Biryani Cart.I had the kati rolls, which are appropriately priced at two for $6. Other options available include the titular biryani (chicken and vegetable) as well as various platter dishes like chicken tikka masala and fish curry, though I can't personally vouch for the quality of these (yet!). I ordered the Pune and Buradi rolls. They were pleasantly flavorful, but I have two critiques. First, the exterior of the roll could have been more crispy, as has typically been the case with most kati rolls I've had. Additionally, while the rolls were marked as 'spicy' and 'very spicy,' respectively, on the menu, I found them to be a bit more mild than I would've liked. On this latter point, I suspect that it is because the cart caters to a more general, non-Indian client base with less of a palate for very spicy foods.I liked this cart and would probably eat here again if I was in the area, but it's not the best kati roll I've had and I'd probably describe the food as "decent, but not spectacular." My personal favorite still remains The Kati Roll Company, located 7 blocks away at 39th street. However, if you're not inclined to walk that far and in the mood for something decently tasteful, come here.
After watching a play (Dinner with Friends - RECOMMEND!!) at the Laura Pels Theatre located on 46th street between 5 and 6th Ave, I ended up grabbing 2 buradi chicken kati rolls $6 and a spicy chicken biryani $6 for dinner/tomorrow's lunch.The Buradi chicken kati rolls are delicious and totally worth the 5 minutes wait in the freezing cold. There were no other patrons there but with the wait, i knew I was getting fresh food. The kati rolls were a bit greasy, but it has an awesome spicy sauce with a nice kick, lots of chicken (dark meat... the good kind) and lettuce that complemented the spicy sauce. It was a perfect wrap. The chicken biryani comes with boiled egg and lettuce. Haven't tasted it yet (will update once I heat it up) but looks to be a nice portion.  There's an imitation across the street.. this one has news reportings on the cart and is in front of the Europa Cafe. The guy didn't seem too friendly but then I'm not looking for him to cheer me up, so good food is all I need and my needs were definitely satisfied by the kati rolls. :)
Many reviewers for the Biryani Cart either mention they got a lot of food or only a few bits of chicken. I am of the latter as I only had a few scraps of chicken meat. Understandably the rice is the star of a biryani dish and it is really good and flavorful here. Love the saffron and cardamom pods for extra flavor. But for $6.00, I needed a bit more substance. They work quick and my order took just a minute so this place definitely comes up whenever I think of ordering food cart food for lunch. But their location in midtown is like food cart capital where every street corner would have a vendor selling something similar or of better value.
Sorry guys! I've tried the food truck twice, and, I'm not soldI and don't get the hype. I've had the kati roll and the curry chicken plate. I've waited in line, and wound up completely unsatisfied. The Kati Roll bored me...maybe I should asked for more dressing, but, it was dry.  The plate of chicken..the powdering of dried spices completely overpowered the food itself.
Very reasonably priced and delicious!I spotted Biryani cart amongst numerous food stands while I was on the way to a job interview. I liked how customers can choose two rolls for $6. I had the pune roll and veggie kati rolls and both tasted great! I expected the thick wraps that were used for gyro wraps. However, the wraps were surprisingly thin and crispy on the edges, which made the rolls taste much better than I thought.
Step 1: Order foodStep 2: WaitStep 3: Asked for what my order was again.  Confirm order.Step 4: WaitStep 5: Asked for order again.  Confirm order againStep 6: See the 6-7 people who ordered after you get their foodStep 7: Asked to clarify order againStep 8: Told that it will be ready in 1 minuteStep 9: Time goes by. Asked to clarify order againStep 10: 30 minutes, zero food. This wasn't even a busy line.The order was not complex, it was simply ONE giant kati roll.
I'm sure the food must be delicious but the 40 min + wait makes it a harrowing experience when all u want is one chicken biryani! The guy is poorly organized, takes orders haphazardly and ends up taking back orders which slows him down. Do not recommend at all !Thanks but no tHanks !!!
Super spicy. Got the Pune Kati Roll and it was supposed to be non spicy. It was tasty but it was spicy!  The biryani was spicy too. Much more rice than chicken. 2 rolls for $6 and biryani $6. I ate at the other indian carts a block down on 45th and they are better; yummier too (and a little less spicy). This cart is meh.
Looking for indian food near my hotel at times square.. Next day  tried this biriyani cart once and we loved it. Chapli biriyani was awesome. If you are near times square try this cart , you will not be disappointed.
Chicken biriyani with 3 piece of chicken? Really disappointed. Chicken tikka masala looks better though.
Biryani itself could have had some more meat though - but the scraps of chicken tikka were a joy (I wish there was more of it though)I tried the lamb kati roll (the one on the lunch specials) and that definitely seems like more meat for your buck - equally tasty!
Definitely Overrated. The Biryani rice was decent but the chicken was dry. I now know, looking from the photo-ops, that Andrew Zimmern and Bobby Flay wouldn't know a good biryani it if smacked them square on the face. And the so-called Kathi-rolls? The lesser said the better.Why is it so "famous"? Tourist trap near Times Square. That's why.
After a long journey on the bus from Pittsburgh, I trekked ten blocks with luggage just to see Times Square and have chicken biryani at this cart. As always, Biryani Cart did not disappoint. Fresh, spicy, and I love the white raita mixed in. After a day long slog it felt like pure heaven. I have to try the kati rolls next.
I was torn between the vegetable kati roll and the vegetable biryani. I asked the cook what he recommended and he said the vegetable biryani. In addition, he made the biryani spicy by adding special sauces. For $6, you get a lot of biryani. I thought the biryani was okay. I think everyone states that their biryani is the best.  I've had better biryani in India. I should have gotten the kati rolls since that is what everyone raved about on Yelp.Cheap dinner though. Cash only.
After a week-long trip to Italy, this brown girl was READY for some traditional South Asian food! I had a 22 hour layover in NYC before I got home, so what better place to satisfy my craving than Biryani Cart?! I actually had no idea this cart existed until I opened my Yelp app and saw that I was two blocks away. Driven by my biryani-crazed stomach, I made the 3 minute walk from Times Square to satisfy my craving, even though it was only 11 am! Let me tell you, I was NOT PREPARED AT ALL for this. Like, I didn't really have high expectations for biryani coming from a street cart. First, I was floored by the quantity of food you get for $6. You could easily eat two meals worth of biryani with their generous serving size. I opened my container, and it is filled to the brim with tender chicken off the bone, and perfectly seasoned rice that was cooked to the perfect texture. My mom makes (in my opinion) the best biryani in the whole world, so I have really high standards, but Biryani Cart met every single one. The chicken-to-rice ratio was on point, it was spicy, but not too spicy. Remember when I said that they give you enough for two meals? Well, my container lasted about 10 minutes, it was that good! My only suggestion is that they should give a little complimentary side of raita, in case the food is too spicy for some. I was so obsessed with this cart that I went back two hours later, and took two containers home to Florida with me. Biryani Cart has found a new loyal customer in me! Definitely do not miss this when you are in NYC!
they only have chicken and lamb Kati rolls, no paneer. the chicken and lamb rolls were both better and more filling than Kati roll company. it is also a lot cheaper ($6 for 2 rolls). he stuffed the rolls with a lot of chicken and lamb, respectively. the Bread itself is thicker than that at Kati roll company.
The chicken tikka was so good, I went back the next day to get the same thing! Very flavorful basmati rice topped with well marinated chicken with lettuce and a tomato slice garnishing the sides is covered in delicious white sauce. *Drool*. Saying this was the best chicken tikka I've ever had is an understatement. My friend also tried the falafel pita after also having falafel the day before from a different stand (He liked falafel so much, he had to get it the next day, too!). He said he liked this place better! Friendly customer service, and open 'til 4am. 5 stars.
Underwhelming. Honestly, was a waste of time. We waited in the line for 35 minutes, just to know that they were out of biryani and any sort of veggie rolls. My wife is strictly a vegetarian and had to find another cart after that. I had the jumbo chicken roll, was terrible, especially because the indian tortilla they used was really not good. There was only one person working there, and he worked super slow, chopping onions and lettuce slowly while people waited. At the least, he should have announced that they were out of biryani and veggie rolls, as we had at least 5 more people behind us who were waiting for 45 min. I only went there because Andrew Zimmerman reviewed it, but totally not worth it.
Chicken and rice with "white sauce"...Yes, please!This little cart is a gem and great quality.  Much better than the more famous carts in the West 50's.
Probably famous for its kati rolls, only 2/$6! Unbeatable price! Things are great until I tasted the meat---that doesn't taste like meat at all. I don't know maybe I'm not used to Indian meat? It tasted like, fake meat. The sauce and combo is good tho :)It's crowded during lunch hour so you have to wait. Line up and order, then wait at the sides for the guy to tell you your order is ready!
Disclaimer: The rating is based solely on the limited vegetarian food that the cart offers.I don't understand why this cart is rated as well as it is... I would not call those veg "kati rolls" kati rolls at all. There was too little sauce and the ingredients just did not jive together... The veg biryani was slightly better. And by slightly better I mean that if for whatever reason I am forced to eat at this cart, the biryani is what I will go for. You are not missing anything by not eating here.
Omg that place is disgusting. I always eat n buy food from street vendors but I found a cockroach in my food when I bought food from Biryani cart. I bought chicken over rice and two Kati rolls. My wife ate the rolls but I found the roach in my rice. I felt like throwing up. I already ate half of the food than I saw it. Thank god if I didn't pay attention I was going to eat rest too.I don't know if there was any cockroach in my wife's Kati rolls but u can't see stuff that are inside the rolls. I complaint to 311 n hoping some one take action about this
Everything was great, I have a problem finishing large portions or any portion in general. But no problem here! I tried the Chicken over Rice (the best), Kati Rolls (lamb and chicken) - both delicious. And the briyani was OK. I think they should change the name of their Cart -- since the Briyani is not the best thing they offer. How do you get bored of this food?
I my g-d amazinggggggggg!!!! I love the veg briyani. Advice do not get it around lunch time too busy get it around 2pm love it !!!
We were in the mood for Indian food today and so we checked out a few spots on Yelp. This was one of the closest spots nearest to us and had some of the best reviews. So off we went to go check it out.There are two Biryani Carts. One apparently serves Philly cheesesteaks and sorts and the other indian food. Oddly enough the food pictures outside of the carts with the prices were on the wrong carts. (i.e. I wanted Indian food and it was on the Philly cheesesteaks cart) Small problem as we just walked two feet over to the next cart.We ordered the Chicken tikki Masala and naan bread. As soon as we got back we took a bite of our chicken. Intially our taste buds were overwhelmed by how HOT it was. It was a good thing we had naan bread and water by us so we could drown the fire in our mouths.Getting past the HOT factor, the chicken was well marinated and tasty. For $6, this was certainly an easy and quick meal in mid town.
The biryani is $6 and it tastes really really good. It comes with some hot sauce on it and lettuce with sour cream which is surprisingly a great combination. The biryani was made fresh after I gave my order; so I had to wait about 10-15minutes for it but it was definitely well worth the wait.
Lol, are they messing with me? This time, I went with no line, and I ordered a Pune roll and a Spicy Buradi roll for some variety. I actually get my order this time. I open it up in the office, and what do I get? Two regular chicken kati rolls with wilted lettuce and the roll stuck the the wrapping paper. They gave me a couple of rolls that have been sitting there for a while.Extra star for actually giving me food this time!
This cart deserves all the hype it gets!!  Had the spicy buradi lamb and king koti chicken, and they were soooo good.  Meat had great flavor and was tender, and I loved the chapati.  The chapati had a subtle sweetness that was perfect for the spiciness of the kati rolls.  I just can't wait to go back and try the biryani.
Most of the time when you here about a food cart in the City what comes to mind is usually the near death experience of the several days of dysentery that follow."Biriyani Cart" defies that reputation with good quality, fresh food that satisfies your hunger. I ordered the Chennai Rolls (Lemongrass chicken with a sweet chili sauce) on fried paratha bread, of which you get two for $4.00. They were flavorful and delicious. Slightly sweet and hot they had all the makings of Middle Eastern comfort food. My friend ordered the Chicken Biriyani Special. I didn't taste it, but she reports it as very good as well.In midtown were good food that doesn't cost a fortune is rare, "Biriyani Cart" is an oasis.
My go-to if I want something Indian, cheap, flavorful and filling! Totally love this cart for their kati rolls. 2 for $6 for all kati rolls is a great deal. My usual is the Vegetable Kati, of course. Buttery paratha, Aloo gobi--potatoes, cauliflower and red onion w/ pungent spices and yogurt. The heartiness balanced out by crisp lettuce. Spicy chili sauce. Just the right amount of heat (and I do like spicy).They have other kati rolls, biryani platters and other Indian dishes all reasonably priced. There's always a line around lunchtime, but it moves fast and worth any wait.Give it a try. Solid. Filling. Delish.
Where do I even begin.... The food is to die for...! I usually do not go overboard complimenting my food experience during a review, but i simply cannot resist this time...!!!!  I did not come across this cart by chance or by word of mouth....  SImply for my daughter's 3rd birthday bash, we thought of doing something different as far as food was concerned... So, we researched and came across a few final choices... And from the 1st phone call, the owner Mr. Meeru was a delight to deal with.  For a taste of the food, we ventured to the city and tried a few of the offerings... I was simply blown away by their Kati Rolls... Having a spice fetish, i jumped at the Buradi roll and i was not disappointed and felt the heavenly flavors running down my forehead, lol... The biryani was above average and the chicken tikka were moist, flavorful, and simply better than most places in Jackson Heights...Anyhow, the party turned out amazing, the food was delicious and the service was 5 STARS.... Thank you guys for making the night memorable as each guest called me and pointed out on how amazing it was to have the Biryani Cart at the house...! Simply put, amazing food, amazing people, and an amazing experience not to be missed...
i don't know if This is the best or authentic Indian food, I think this is just good enough for the quick lunch bite. Although there are always lot s of people waiting in front of this cart, I can't find anything special, anything bad either though... For me, both chicken biryani and chicken tikka tasted average. Maybe it's just that this is really competitive area for food vendors and I'm spoiled while so many vendors can be found on every corner in this area.
I guess its ok,  I am more on the spicy side and felt that the chicken tikka was kinda bland.  I like strong indian flavors and this was just ok. I wouldn't go back for more.  On the other hand the Kati rolls were pretty good, again not spicy enough and a little bland.  Hey what can I say I like my home made indian food.
Somehow, Midtown has become food cart central, and this place should definitely be at the top of the list.  2 for 1 kati rolls that were sooo good.  Yes, they're a little greasy, but they're the perfect food to eat at your desk.  Not too small, packed with meat and flavor, and all for only $6!  Their cart next door, Sandwich Land is also a great bet with $5 sandwiches.  If you're tired of spending $10 minimum in Midtown, or tired of plain old chicken/lamb over rice, give this cart a shot.
Wow, the comments were right. I had the Burundi rolls. Habanero and Carmelized  onions were amazing. 2 nice size rolls for $6. Great!
Kati Rolls--1 Chennai, 1 Lamb.  Get it and eat it.  You will become a better person for doing so.You're welcome.
Just stick with the Kati Rolls, everything else is mediocre at best
After hearing about this for months, I finally went and loved it! There was huge line (or crowd rather) around the carts which is always a good sign. The chicken biryani wasn't as amazing as the kind you can get in Queens, but still pretty darn good. Next time i'll definitely try the Kati rolls and chicken tikka masala.
This place has to be the best for Cheap, Good, Delicious, Sumptuous food!! in NY (yeah beat that!) Pros:- Centrally Located, 46th and 6th Ave- Cheap food- Supreme taste- Quick Service-Can order online for Take-out-Authentic spices-Winner of NYC Best street Food 2008/09 (pardon me if I screwed up on the year)Cons:-Should have a delivery option-Quality of meat and veggies can be questionable (for the finicky ones)-Wait time (if not ordered online) can be more than 10 mins (not much, but try standing on a cold winter day for that long). Online orders are highly recommendedVerdict:This place is definitely worth a try if you somewhere nearby 46th and 6th Ave. If not, Relocate ;) 5/5 for me!Highlights:-No doubt, the cheap yet delicious Kathi rolls are to die for, but they have so many options in the menu.-The Combo Kabab (Chicken Tikka+Chapli Kabab) takes the cherry I.M.O. It is the most unique combo I have ever had. And every dime worth it!
The first time I came here I wasn't all that impressed with their chicken/lamb over rice. I thought it was good but over-hyped by everyone to the point where my expectations were maybe too high.I then quickly found out that I had ordered the wrong thing. If you come here you should definitely get the kati rolls. Get one lamb and one chicken and you won't be disappointed.  I hate almost every lamb dish known to man, but I loved the lamb kati roll here and next time I come I'm going to get two of them.The line ups are a bit nutty but like someone else mentioned, just make sure you make direct eye contact with one of the workers or else you may find yourself lost in the crowd.If you're part of the midtown lunch crowd, it's well worth it.
First of all line is crazy and moves pretty slow.I had two kati rolls.  One lamb and one potato.  Pretty darn cheap at $6 yet filling.  The lamb was tasty so I like that one.  The potato to me was ok but not as good as The Kati Roll Company.  I wished they made both them spicier.  Again The Kati Roll Company used to slice fresh hot peppers into theirs which I loved.  This was more like a milder hot sauce.I'd like to go back and try the biryani.
I have been frequenting this cart for close to 4 months now. It is right next to my work and they serve some of the best chicken over rice / Gyro etc..Their chicken is grilled live and is crispy along with the flavored rice which has real aroma in it. Try their chicken over rice meal with White Sauce, Hot sauce (which is not at all hot as compared to the folks at 53rd st) and ask them to sprinkle the spice mix over the final product. The taste is quite unique and me being from India it resonates the right way with my taste buds
I've come to expect greasy rice and meat from street carts, but the Biryani Cart on 46th and 6th is quite the exception!I wanted to try the goat biryani but was informed that they were out of the meat, so I opted to go with the lamb instead.  After giving my order, I was pleasantly surprised to see the guy throw pieces of raw lamb on the grill since most rice carts precook meat and just keep it in a warmer.  5 mins later, he chopped the meat up and dumped it on some rice.  Little white sauce, little red sauce and boom my order was complete.The meat was marinated and tender, the rice had some seasoning of its own, and the white and red sauces complemented both perfectly.I will definitely be a returning customer.
So I was planning on writing a scathing review after having to wait 40 minutes for my food and having the seven people who arrived AFTER me get their order before me, but after eating this biryani and kati roll...I just can't! XD For $12 I got a HUGE biryani plate chock full of rice, sauce, chicken pieces, salad and a hardboiled egg PLUS two kati rolls! The flavors are awesome and the spiciness is perfect.Be warned...be ready to wait if there are more than a couple of people in line ~_~
My lamb over rice was indeed flavorful but doubtful that I'll be back. I don't understand the set up of this vendor - I was sent over to the smaller cart housing 2 staff members w/ the LONGEST line ever. The larger cart w/ a staff of 4 people had no line. Excellent usage of resources. My order took FIFTEEN min. This wait time would've been expected if I came around 12 or 12:30 but I came at  2! No more midtown lunches!
We had food here couple of times in night while going back to our hotel. First night it was amazing. The biriyani and chicken roll were so delicious. But the next time it was just ok. The biriyani rice was not the regular yellow stuff and tasted like a bit of fried rice.
AWESOMEEEEE is the word!!!New York overall was great...reminded us of streets in Bombay, India...everything was so nostalgic..the crowd, the busy streets, walking, crazy cab ride..and the best, Street food...Nothing like having spicy, lip smacking chicken Kati rolls on a chilly night on the sidewalk of a street...Yummmm and a great experience..we felt so much at home...The rolls were fresh, chicken was perfectly cooked, flavors were bursting in our mouths, perfect balance of everything...take it from an Indian!Mom loved her veg biryani too..she had the spicy one too and it was just so so flavorful...portions are huge too..great bang for your buck!! Must Must try!
I went here after much talk on yelp about this little cart. Since my husband is paki I had wonder if he would give the consent to this biryani (knowing his mom's biryani is out of this world gooood). I ordered the chicken biryani and it tasted amaing and he actually killed his whole tray of food meaning it was AUTHENTIC to him =)Cons: They give 4 small pieces of chicken in the biryani
I remember a time when I used to come here and would have to wait 15-20 min for my order.  I guess times have changed and New Yorker's taste buds have moved on to all the fancy schmancy food carts now.  But these guys are still pretty good.  Nothing beats the Kati or Chennai rolls.  For street cart food, this is solid.
I agree with RY. This is one of the worst meals I've had. The chicken is all gristle, the three pieces the biryani actualy has in it, and it is overwhelmed with a citrus/floral flavor that usually isn't there. It hasn't been good for about a year, but I'm done with it for good now.(and I will NOT miss the woman screaming NEXT! NEXT! at the adjacent cart)
Stumbling out of a happy hour(s) at Jimmy's Corner last night, running only on $4 Sam Adams pints and free pretzels, I came upon this surprise food cart on 44th Street near 6th Avenue.Oh, hey, cheap Indian food with no line. I asked for vegetable biryani, the fellow looked at me for a moment, nodded his head, and got to work. He asked if I liked it spicy; I eagerly confirmed. I watched him move the rice around on the griddle, added some aloo gobi/chickpea-type mix, sauces, onions, lettuce, and spices; gently heat and cut the bread, and pack it all tightly in a foam box. As he was handing me the bag, he asked if I liked egg. I nodded in agrement, and he re-opened the box, fished out a hard-boiled egg, and nested it deep into the rice.I found a table at Bryant Park, lightning over the Empire State Building, and joyously gorged myself on this feast. Perfect spices and certainly not healthy; this was magic, filling, post-bar food for $6.And then I looked it up online and realized everyone else already knew this.
In my opinion, best kati rolls in the city. That chapati bread is so...My favorite is the lamb rolls (even my mom, who usually finds them too gamey, loves 'em), although you really can't go wrong with any of the chicken varieties either. And at $6 for any combination of two, you could conceivably have enough food for lunch AND dinner.If you go during the midtown lunch rush hour, be prepared to wait 20-35 minutes to order and get your food. There is no real line system, so huddle around the cart and try to make eye contact with the guy inside.
Huge disappointed! I wanted my $$ back! I was really looking forward to try this cart which won the Wendy reward. I debated between the recommended Kati roll, their weekly fish curry, veg combo or veg biryani. I picked veg biryani bc it was described as including fresh organic garden veg locally and around the world but what I got was just a pile of flavorless rice tossed with uncooked lettuce on top! Not even one single piece of the garden vegs that I was being promised! I have a urge to go there and demand my $$ back! For a cart with biryani in it's own name sake, I can't believe it is turning out such poor quality biryani!
This is no doubt one of the better places to have a quick bite in midtown. The-rice-thing-they-call-Briyani (because it's not really Biryani) is ample for a lunch and flavorful. My friends in Connecticut always ask me to get a takeout whenever I am in Manhattan. I love their Kathi Rolls as well, far better than the over hyped Kathi Roll Company. I do think they have a slow service and even though there is constant bee-line of customers, they can do better. They shouldn't let their new found fame over shine  simple and good food.
The first time I stumbled (literally) across this place I was wasted, and was completely seduced by the smell. I am usually NOT one to go for late night drunk food, but the smell was that captivating. My friend and I ended up ordering one of the chicken tikka king Kati rolls and one vegetarian kati roll, and the things were so delicious that we were actually exchanging "Oh my God's" for some immeasurable period of time. To put this into even more perspective, my friend who is a vegetarian ate meat for the first time in 6 years because the chicken kati roll smelled so good. I swore I would come back.Today I decided to pick up some take-out from this cart in order to see if it would be as good sober as it was when I was drunk. I picked up a lamb Kati Roll along with the same Chicken Kati Roll for my boyfriend, and we feasted upon it. Even after surviving a half hour subway ride, the things were still absolutely delicious. Totally worth the money and the hype. I also learned that you can order from the cart online and pick it up ready-made, which is a pretty good plus. Thumbs up for this drunk, sober, and boyfriend-tested food cart.
Again, I went by the recommendations here. I tried chicken Kathi Rolls - it was really flavourful. Next, I tried chicken biriyani - again, the rice and chicken were very flavourful. And the best part - Really good food at a very low cost!!This is one joint that one should try when in NYC/5th avenue!!
New York's food cart culture is so fascinating to me. As far as I'm concerned, everything looks the exact same, yet this particular cart had a line while the identical ones around it were begging for customers.It quickly becomes clear why this cart is a winner, though. The chicken biryani I ordered was fantastic and HUGE. The flavour was incredible -- the spices were strong, unique, and not too overbearing. They gave me plenty of meat, too, which was surprising given how cheap it was. I also tried the kati rolls, which were amazing. I'm not sure which ones I tried, but I could've eaten 10 of them.Definitely the best food option in the area.
I know everyone talks about the Kati Rolls here (and they are delicious) but I think my fave is the Lamb Pita here. $4. Can't beat. So delicious that I think about it even when I'm not in NYC. Grab one and sit in the park on the other side of 6th Ave, or on the benches across the Roundabout Off-Bway theatre, or head over to Times Square. Great quick, cheap and delicious eat, especially convenient in Times Square area.
Being Indian I'm always skeptical to have Indian food outside. But, this cart does Indian food justice. The chicken biryani is delicious and full of spices, and you must try the chicken or lamb Kati roll as well. As an extra a samosa on the side ties everything together. You can get white sauce and/or hot sauce added as well.
I ordered Chicken Biryani with all the sauces and I got a flavorful meal! It did not taste like traditional biryani (spice mix was different) but it still had its own flavor. I was surprised to see an egg in the biryani but it contributed positively to the meal. The rice is atop a small salad of green lettuce and tomatoes. I got this meal  and a mango juice for $6-- what a steal! Overall, if you want a quick, satisfying and cheap meal  -- stop by here!
Prices are great but the quality of the food is horrendous. A lunchtime meal that costs only $6 in midtown is a steal, but if the subsequent hours after consuming said meal you are keeling over with stomach pain and gurgling guts, and you wish you could detach your tongue for a thorough cleaning...that six bucks is a total loss.I got two kati rolls, (though I explicitly asked for only one), and the chicken tikka and was averse to both orders. The chicken tikka is fatty, low quality meat and the kati roll was very dry and bland despite being billed as spicy.Considering how many carts are around, I can't see myself making the trip to this particular one. The food left a very nasty taste in my mouth and I was sick within two hours of eating here. Buyer beware: that which saves you a few shekels will cost you in TP.
Someday, in 100 years, when Ms DiFranco - Buffalo's most important musician - passes away, she will be loaded on to a hearse which will take her to her final resting place. The place where she will be buried. That hearse will be known as the "Bury-ani Cart."And if the attendees of the funeral are very, very lucky, this mobile eatery will still be around, and will cater the entire event in her honour. Because Biryani Cart's Chicken Tikka is one of the best dishes you will ever eat, anywhere.What to get: Chicken TikkaWhat else: Chicken Tikka Masala, or maybe BiryaniAnd: It's occasionally inconsistent, so if it's not as good as I say, it may just be an off day.I don't discriminate when it comes to boys putting their thingies in me. I enjoy all of them. You can "buryany" of them in my special places and I'll be totally fine with that.But let's get back to the food. My goodness, the food. I've had the Biryani, which is messy, saucy, juicy, covered in an egg and odd spices, and was good but not what I was expecting, so I didn't love it. I've had the Chicken Tikka Masala, which is similar to the Biryani but with the heavenly pieces of Chicken Tikka contained therein, and it's extremely good. But in my opinion, skip those dishes, and get:Me, from behind. Oh wait. Sorry. That's not what I meant. Come here to get:Chicken Tikka. Oh. Wow. It is absolutely, utterly incredible. It's like the most heavenly aromatic sauteed marinaded bright red succulent juicy delicious pieces of chicken heaven that you've ever had the pleasure of tasting. Melt-in-your-mouth Indian chicken over spectacular aromatic rice. It's not too dry, it's not too heavy, it's exactly positively perfect. The tragedy is that it's not always this good, but most of the time, in my experience, it has been. And when they get it right, my goodness, it's so right.And if it were the "BlurryAVI Cart" then it would be frequented by gamers who have no idea how to properly design an Avatar, and so use ones that aren't in focus. Although around here, RPG stands for "Rice Portion Guy", as in the guy standing next to the chef guy at Biryani Cart, that rations out how much rice you're going to get with your Chicken Tikka.On its day, this cart can be even better than Sammy's Halal in Queens which is my favourite cart, and a different type of food (Afghan, rather than Indian), but because of consistency, Sammy's Halal inches ahead as my fave cart food (and probably meal in general) in the city. One thing is for sure though. Sammy's Halal and Biryani Cart are two of the best meals in the entire country. They are 2 of the 5 best food trucks in the nation if not two of the top three. They may even be the top two, of the many that I have tried, anyway.And if this were the "Bellyalley Cart" then it'd signify that the only place I'd rather be other than eating at this cart, is on my belly in an alley letting some dude have his way.I could not be a much bigger fan than I am of Biryani Cart. It's orgasmically good. Every single visitor to New York City should come and try it and see for yourself. It's fairly-priced (well under $10) and will fill you up, but more importantly, with the most delicious chicken and rice you may ever eat. It's open pretty late too (sometimes close to midnight) which I appreciate. So get down here and give it a try and let me know what you think.The homosexual references in today's 9 reviews are dedicated to today's wonderful and long-overdue US Supreme Court Decision to make Gay Marriage legal in all States. I guess you have all realized by now that I'm really not into the chicks. However if by "chicks" you mean Chicken Tikka from Biryani Cart, then hell yes.In the words of Phil Collins:How can you just close the cart on me,When all I can do is watch you closeFor an hour I've just been standing here,Hoping you'll re-openYou're the only cart that makes food this good at allSo tikka look at me nowThere's just an empty plateThere's nothing left here to remind meHow damn good your Chicken tastesTikka look at me nowThere's just an empty plateBut you opening up again is against the oddsAnd that's what I've gotta face
Did the owner change? Who's cooking? While the service has always been bad to poor, the food's always been good to great (for a cart). However, the chicken biryani I had today for lunch was horribly bland for being so overspiced. The rice was clumpy and the chicken tasteless. The only flavor came from the hot sauce and yogurt (white) sauce.
4 stars for this cart?! I shudder to imagine this cart even being called this by any self respecting owner from the Indian Subcontinent. It's completely & utterly a hogwash of the same white & red sauce flavors that comprise the majority of NYC middle eastern food carts. This sauce is turning all the flavors into the same, or as my Thai friends say, "Same Same".Also, there were just 3 tiny pieces of chicken which is fine, but the ratio to authentic flavors to rice was off. Furthermore, that hard boiled egg messes it all up.All you chicken biryani lovers, business owners & chefs come & cook up what you do best, then serve it to all of us in a food cart all over NYC. I hail you, & frankly I'm speaking for everyone else as well. Show us how fancifully delicious this dish can be: from Karachi biryani to Hyderabadi biryani & to student biryani to Delhi biryani. Again, there are vast kinds of chicken biryanis with subtleties of flavor & nuances alone. This one doesn't fit any kind whatsoever.
If you are Indian and love authentic indian food rather than the altered tastes to suit American taste buds,then you are in for a major disappointment.We had their best selling chicken kati roll spicy and it was very ok.Their chicken biryani was like some chicken  rice with white sauce and boiled chicken and low spice and no where close to authentic indian food.It was not even the regular basmati rice but more like the larger grains with no flavour.I'm thoroughly upset I travelled so much and waited so long.Perhaps it was wrong of me to expect indian food when the name suggests so.Go to Kati roll company on 39th street and have an Unda kathi roll especially on weekends to get the best ever!
A friend recommended this place to me. Becareful there are 2 carts on the same street, one s "Briyani Car" and the other one is "Briyani Cart". I assumed Briayni Cart is the legit one and went with that one. It was pretty cheap, though I was not a big fan, I got the chicken Kati roti. The roti was very very oily and doughy, seemed like it was undercooked, I was not a big fan.
I have been to NYC for last 2 weekends as my wife started her new job over there. Both the times, I had food at this place and it was delicious. Had kathi rolls, chicken kebab, samosa and poori. Next time will try biryaniPositives:Good FoodGood ServiceVery CheapLot of optionsNegative:Only negative was that the poori was hard.The spicy sauce is toooooooo spicy
Food was not exceptional nor above average. Had the chicken tikka masala over rice and I appreciated the fact that they had the selection unlike the regular halal carts. The CTM was dry and a bit bland. I would have it again to fill a quit craving and for bulk hunger buster but not for satisfying a flavor craving. Price was very fair at $6.00. Note: I had yelp voucher/offer for a free water or soda from them and they did not honor it. They said they couldn't do it.
2 Kathi Rolls for $6!!!! Thats a freaking steal, especially when it is only a 5 min walk from Times Square.  The food is good....Not the best Kathi Roll I have ever had, but the combination of the sauces with the chewy roll....damn it makes my mouth water.  It is messy as hell to try to eat while walking down the streets of NYC, but I didn't care.....I had sauce dripping down my face and loved it.  I knocked one star only because the chicken tastes good, but the quality was just OK.  I don't want to say it was bad, just a few pieces that were not the best quality of chicken...but for $6 what do you expect.  Overall, the taste was reminiscent of Frankies in Hyderabad, India....pretty damn good.
The lamb kati rolls are wonderful!!Much bang for the buck!!
Stopped by while I was in the city. 4 stars because the service was very slow. Food was good. Would go back, but after checking kit some other places.
A great little food truck. They have a great cauliflower veggy option for those who don't eat meat. Great price and really tasty food.
Love, love, love the flavor.  Simple street cart food that is just damn good.  Got the chicken biryani, and it's worth a stop.
We ordered chicken biryani and chicken tikka .... how did that come to $30!?!? The only difference between those 2 dishes was that we got an egg in the biryani and they totally chinced out on the chicken. WON'T COME BACK AGAIN! You can't charge different prices for different customers and get away with it. Absolute ridiculous.
The food is good. The problem is they always discriminate against me - a white female. It has happened multiple times where a male comes after me ( they did not pre- order) and they get him his food first. I ignored it a few times, but today was so obvious that I mentioned it to them. This was my last visit.
Good food considering the money you paid and the portion you get, that too in the midtown area of NYC.I had had chicken biriyani, curry and rice and other dishes from here and they are generally good. You can tell them if you have specific customization in mind (I ask them to make my food super spicy).
This place is amazing. You will not find the flavors and taste in upscale restaurants. The beauty is flavors are not over powering. He could increase the prices by 50% and still not lose customers. A must try in NYC
Extremely soft n spicy kathi rolls with lots of meat... Try the lamb one... Price - $6 for two rolls...
Prices are good and the food they sell is undeniably better quality than the average Halal Cart, but I don't find them as amazing as some other people do. As someone who as tasted authentic Biryani, it's easy to say that the one they offer is far from the best Biryani you can have.
Have napkins ready or just be ready to lick all the delicious flavors.
Sorry this is simply not a biryani if u care about spicy Indian biryani. Essentially plain rice is mixed with some cooked chicken nth at was taken out from a plastic grocery bag. The veg biryani was a joke. Because it was plain rice with some falafal. Please do not call this biryani. I tried the lamb gyro which was okay. It didn't anything look like the one in the photo. I thought it was lamb shik kabak but it was some flat grilled lamb. The chicken kabab was bad too. Please try something else.
YummI go here way to often for lunch. Always tasty and the crowd is fun to chat with while waiting on the best Kati Roll i've ever had.
KATI ROLLS!!! I finally had a chance to try Biriyani Cart's infamous Kati Rolls thanks to a generous friend who suggested the idea and went to pick some up for us before the lunch time herd attacked. I tried the lamb roll and a sweet chicken roll.  I was truly blown away from both.  Neither was uber greasey and both were tender and flavorful and just the right amount of spiciness. This cart has become an instant favorite.  I must return to try more of their Kati Rolls and their Biriyani rice dishes.
Ordered veg briyani as nothing else was available. There wasn't any vegetable at all in the briyani which only had some color from chilli powder.Very disappointed!! Would rather walk a few blocks away to get lunch or dinner from curry hut.Do not disappoint yourself going to this place!! Will never go there!
Yummm... kati rolls... sooo good. Soft and chewy and oily (but a good kind of oily) and deliiiiiiicious.
Best lamb/chicken and rice cart in the city! These guys don't overcook their rice and they dust the plate with a delicious spice mixture that puts the flavor over the top!The kati rolls are delicious as well as SPICY!
O.M.G. best food cart ever. I first ate here last summer when my office was around the corner, and since then I crave their chicken biryani and pune rolls on a weekly basis...no joke! Food is on the spicy side..so non-indians beware. And its cheap too! Definitely give this a try but remember to bring cash and avoid coming in from 12 - 1 pm.
Okay, liveblogging the experience:They were friendly but a bit disorganized, got there just before 1, no line.We got samosas, decent, a little chewy and tiny, 2 for $1.I got the Spicy Chicken Biryani, which in the picture looked amazing with roasted peppers and lovely chicken, but IRL was bland, had no peppers and tasteless not-spicy or seasoned chicken.My boss got the lamb over rice which he has confirmed is quite tasty, with some nice peppers on the side and good light rice.In the end they figured out our order, charged us like $5 less than they should have for some reason and that was that. Certainly won't be back again and apologies go out to Meru, the original, over at the real Biryani and Kati roll cart (and sandwich land).
$4 lunch in Midtown? Yes, it's possible at 46th & 6th! I found this place last year on one of my trips to NYC and it was so good I had to track it down this year to take my friends.We ordered the Lamb gyro with tzatziki sauce and the Spicy Chicken gyro. The lamb was tender and not gamey at all and oh so flavorful. The spicy chicken had a nice kick to it but it was balanced out with a nice sweet sauce. This place was so good we went everyday during our 5 day vacation- once we even went twice!! And the best part is they are open 24 hours! Seriously, what's not to love!!!
Meh.  This cart was better in the past, but their signature biryani has gone down hill.  Haven't tried the kati rolls, I admit, and some of the other dishes -- eg the kashmiri curry -- are still ok.  But it's not called Curry Cart, it's called Biryani Cart.  And the biryani has become meh.
I just finished participating in the NYC No Pants Subway Ride 2010 and was famished.  I guess being pants less for a few hours makes a person hungrier.  Must be the higher metabalism the cold causes.I decided to go check off another place I was interested in my Yelp bookmarks.  When I got here there was no line at all. It was Sunday today so I guess this cart is only really busy during work days since I read that they usually have long lines.I chose the Chicken Masala on rice and it was real good.  It reminds me of the Halal Chicken over rice but Indian style.  The rice was real soft and buttery.  Much better then rice from the Halal carts that I've tried and that includes the one made by the very famous Halal Guys a few blocks further up.The chicken is very moist and amazingly tender.  They also give you lots of it for six bucks.  It's also big pieces of thigh leg chicken meat too, not chopped up itsy bitsy pieces.  Like the Halal version, this place puts in some kind of white sauce, a hot sauce, and I saw them put in a third sauce of something but I didn't know what it was.  The hot sauce is very mild, especially compared to the one used by the Halal Guys.  Warning though, my version of mild might be your version of hot.  Mileage might vary depending on your tolerance.I can see why they won the Vendy Award a few years back.  Highly recommended, especially if you wanted something different from all those Halal Carts everywhere these days.  Heard the Biriyani was real good.  I'll be back to try that soon.  Will update the review at that point with pants or without pants.
These Bangladeshis sure know how to make a mean Kaati roll. I have had Kaati rolls in Kolkata and these come about as close as one can hope to get in New York.The biriyani is yummy too. The people were really friendly.Though people who are super picky about hygiene, should give this a miss. I don't remember seeing the guy making the rolls with gloves. But being from India, Kaati rolls and Biriyani of this quality on the streets of Manhattan made me jump up with joy....
This place is legit..and for the price, you can not get better food, period. Absolutely delicious!!  I had the chicken tikka with spicy sauce and it was different then most chicken tikkas ive had at other places.  Not smothered in the butter sauce at some places, just pure flavor.  The chicken was not dry as well.  Probably the best chicken tikka I've had ever.   My wife had one of the kati rolls and could not stop raving about it.    The kati rolls are around half the price of those at the kati roll company, and are arguably better.  I just wish they had more locations!!  The people are not that friendly (most cart food vendors arent just to push ppl through), but they ARE accomodating, they are willing to customize your food the way you like it.  Food: 5 stars Price: 10 stars  service: 3.5 stars  Location: 4 stars (still relatively close to me)
4 Stars for food only.Ok, so this place is pretty famous, and by now everybody knows they have better Kati Rolls, than what product their name is selling! lol!Biryani is ok, because basically its chicken over rice, with rice being the best you can get at a 'cart'.Period.About the Kati Rolls, all are good..the spicy Buradi Rolls are my favorite, and even the vegetarian rolls were not bad!Going for this one, soon again!(Did I mention its super cheap--everything almost $6, with 2 rolls for $6)
Firstly, let me just say one thing - wow! The chicken and lamb combo over rice is deliciously flavored with spices that leaves a lasting impression of taste even hours after I inhaled the entire container of rice and meat. The lamb and chicken were both very tender and juicy. The rice was just a tad on the dry side,  and in one occasion,  some (chicken) bone pieces were found in the rice. So be forewarned. Ultimately, the bottom line is that the flavors and spices more than compensates for any minor shortcomings.Though container portions are modest, the wonderful combination of spices, sauces, and flavors will hit you the illusion of overwhelming abundance. Compared to Little Morocco, 53rd and 6th, Kwik Meal, XPL, the Biriyani Cart offers the undisputed, best chicken/lamb over rice. While 53rd and 6th offers the biggest portions for the same price ($6), the food is bland and empty without the sauce. Quantity should never me misconstrued as quality!
Umm, honestly, I didn't think the biryani cart was anything special.. but maybe I over-estimated the hype surrounding NYC's food carts! And this even one those Vendy Award things! So first time, I tell them I'm vegetarian and they ended up packing me some meat kathi roll. Fortunately I realized before biting into it, and went back to tell them! They then made me another one with alu-gobi in it, and too much sauce, which was really very average. I decided to get some of their biryani too because that's what they're known for after all, but didn't like it much either. Maybe they just don't do vegetarian too well?
on southwest corner of 46th street. very tasty indian food. like their colorful and aromatic rice a lot. I have had the chicken biryani and kebab combo. chicken tikka is nice and spicy. the biryani has white raisins in it which adds an interesting texture and taste. for $6, you can't go wrong. if you are really hungry, this might not be enough though as the portion size is moderate. there's always a line, but it moves pretty quickly.
I seriously don't get the hype. Maybe it was because I came during the evening, and thus my chicken in my chicken biryani came out dry and tough, the rice flavorful but overly moist, and the hot sauce/white sauce too sparse?The kati rolls were a little more interesting. I like the sweetness that accompanied the wrap, but the meat suffered from the same dryness. The only meat worth getting is the one doused in the spiciest sauce. The sauce helps to add moisture and strong flavor to mediocre meat.
Best cart food i've had.  Not to say I am a hugely experienced cart-food eater, but man - their chicken tikka was amazing.  Flavorful, no sauce even needed.  Also, tons of food for $6.  You can tell a ethnic place is good when you look at the cliental and they are all of the ethnicity of the food.  We were the only white people eating from here - the rest were Indian.  And yeah, it was goooood!I know i'll be stopping here a couple more times during my stay!
This cart gets 5 stars for the food and 1 for the service for a net of 3 stars.  The service has deteriorated significantly with the new crew that runs the place.  Service is much slower than it was in the past and they never, ever have correct change to give customers.
Excellent taste, efficient service and smiley face!! Biryanis and largo rolls rock!!!
ZOMG, the Kati Rolls here are like crack! If you're asking what in the name of Aunt Bertha is a kati roll, they're basically Indian burritos, with curried meat and vegetables wrapped into parathas. The Kati Roll Company is the place in the city most known for these, but do yourself a favor and try Biryani Cart's. They are definitely more delicious, and cheaper too! You get two decently sized kati rolls for $6, and I'm thoroughly full after eating them. I've been known to walk 20 blocks out of my way to get these.There are several varietieiss of spices to the kati rollshere, but my favorite are the Buradi rolls, which are the spiciest on the menu. Hotness aside, they are also spiced the best. Second to them are the King Koti rolls which are a little blander. The chicken used in all the rolls are a good quality mix of white and dark, very juicy, and evenly spiced. There are onions, cilantro and some other vegetables on each wrap The paratha wrap that is lightly fried is also mouth wateringly delicious and really makes the meal. As a fan of the spice, you can also ask for "extra spicy," and they will add a hot green sauce, though ask for this at your own discretion as I have a higher spice tolerance than 99.9% of people.All of the staff here are super-friendly, patient with the drunks, and they tend to be very warm to me since I speak Bengali with them. If you want to have arguably the best kati rolls in the city, go to Biryani Cart!
The best food cart I have ever tried so far. I am a regular customer now. Not all Halal cart are not same and this is one of the best. The Biryani taste better than even some of the expensive restaurants that I ate. The freshness of the food reminds me of authentic Bengali and Indian cuisine. My favorite is Shish Kebab gyro (only 4$). Since the price is same compared to any other Halal cart around, I don't see a reason to spend the same amount somewhere else for a lower quality service. This place needs more recognition and anybody curious should at least try out this place once.
This was a pretty big disappointment. Greasy. The"biriyani" was fried greasy rice, samosa was made with wonton skin and contained pockets of...you got it. Grease. The Kati roll was chewy but the most edible thing in the box. Stay away. I was told to go to Utsav next time.
Need something quick, pretty good, and cheap.  This carts Kati rolls will do the job.  They are not out of this world or mind blowing but they are good and good for what they are worth.  Come with realistic expectations and leave happy.
Have been there twice since last month. My friends from CT have actually recommended this one to me. When we went for the first time they didn't have any vegetarian biryani so we had the kathi rolls which were out of the world. Last weekend we went back again for their Biryani and ended up eating kathi rolls again. We got the biryani packed to eat next day for lunch. My husband got chicken and I got the veggie briyani for myself. Both of them were full of flavor and sizable portions.We are definitely returning soon.
I went here after reading all the good reviews and got the spicy chicken biryani.It was a big disappointment. There were just 2 small portions of chicken which was completely bland. There were parts of rice which was lumped together.There was no yogurt dressing (Raita) which is a crucial part of the biryani.
I've been here few times, but they seem to have gotten down hill.I normally come here for King Koti rolls- $6 for 2- and the wrap was not fresh. It tasted like it was sitting in the open. The chicken inside tasted good and the sauce was just as good as I remember. Still, the wrap was a disappointment.Also, I ordered lamb over rice - $6- and the rice tasted like it had WAAYY too much chicken stock absorbed into the rice. You ask can the rice have too much chicken stock flavor? Yes- you should've tasted this rice. Also their lamb taste different from before. It had very strong lamb smell and taste.I stopped by here around 9pm during the weekdays. Maybe that's why, but I have been here late nights and I don't remember the food being this disappointing.Well, I'm hoping it was fluke and to go back and try it once more because I remember the food being 4 if not 5 stars in the past.
So glad this is right by my work place! Kati Rolls. That all you have to order. Chicken or lamb wrapped in bread made out of manna from heaven or something similar. Everything is so good! But you would probably die afterwards. It cant be healthy! I had my friend bring kati rolls from the kati roll company to compare to biriyani cart. Biriyani cart won hands down and at 2 for 6 dollars, it was a much better deal.Now I tend to order their chicken and lamb over rice because their rice is better tasting than 99% of the other carts i've tried. The food is really filling, they give you a lot! They actually have two carts during lunch, both side by side. One does the kati rolls while the other does rice. Pros: Cheap, tasty, quick.Cons: Not quick when theres a line during lunch. Go at 11AM!
Delicious but inconsistent.  I used to love this place, and after a while the quality really dropped off.  I still go back every now and then, and in fact went twice in the last week.  The first time it was *really* good, as good as ever, perfectly cooked fresh tasting Paratha wrapping a well spiced Kati roll (and ask for the extra extra spicy sauce if you're a spicy lover).  I got so excited I went back just a few days later, and was greeted with staler Paratha that was actually hard to chew it was so tough.  I'm going to go with a 3-star because it's either a 4-star or a 2-star depending on how things go that day...good luck, it's worth a stop off.
I bit into a cardamon pod while eating the rice from the cart.  A. CARDMON POD.  IN CART FOOD.  I've had to pick out a cinnamon stick from my rice once.  A CINNAMON STICK.THEY USE REAL SPICES.  The food has a depth of flavor that is difficult (dare I say impossible) to find from its neighboring halal carts.  The meats are tender and flavorful, the briyani is deliciously spiced, the kati rolls are crisp, delicious and full of fantastic fillings, and I can be full as a mofo for six bucks?  Bangin'.
Atypically, I don't judge the food/restaurant based on reviews that are excellent and then horrible. Because all of us have different taste buds/experiences. But, in this experience, my stomach came before my logic.I was starving and I had just finished work so what do i do? I go and fulfill my craving as a pat on the back. I read these reviews on the biryani cart and i decided to rush over there for some "mouth watering biryani"First things first....!This... ain't no biryani honey. Sure, this is street food. But I would expect that they would season the rice/chicken/ whatever meat and cook it properly. What I got: An order of Khati rolls, and chicken tikka biryani.The biryani tasted like chinese fried rice topped with chicken and random sauces.The khati rolls were better than the biryani. But they were still joe shmoe.I don't think I got what I paid for. The man was nice. I applaud him because I actually got to chat with him for a bit. I appreciate that you know? Engaging with customers and asking them about their experience.But all in all man, put some effort in the food!
The Kati rolls are tasty, but far from the best kati rolls in Midtown, let alone all NYC. The different Kati rolls are just variation in sauces. Compare that to the Kati Roll Co. in Midtown who have truly different recipes for different rolls.The biriyani is tasty, but not really 'true' biriyani. tastes more like 'Chicken Polau'.Note: Just like so many other Indian restaurants in US, this one is also owned and run by Bangladeshis masquerading as Indians. Not sure what that tells you about the authenticity of the cuisine.
I think Biriyani Cart is just about as close as a cart can get to a 5-star rating for me.  I know there are many others who do rate it that highly, and I respect their opinions.  Because yeah, it's really good.Naturally, the Biriyani is good.  If you call yourself the Biriyani Cart, it better be.  But not only that, but other dishes are good too.  Two Kati rolls for six bucks is a good deal, and they're tasty.  Sort of difficult to get the paper off, but worth the slight struggle.The chicken tikka is solid too, and writing about it now is making me slightly hungry.  They're also good about ratcheting up the spicy.  If they say it's spicy, it is.  And not just with a bottle of Tabasco or whatever the Indian version is.  The spicy is good spicy.Wait in line for it if you must.  The food here is rock solid and cheap.
i insisted on finding this cart before going to watch Avenue Q and it was definitely worth speed walking around NY in the freezing cold. I ordered the chicken biriyani and it was SO good. For $6 this is definitely one of the best Indian meals I've had. Then again, I'm not Indian and haven't been to India. All I know is that my taste buds were jumping for joy. The chicken was a bit on the dry side, but there was such a good balance of flavors that I didn't mind.This is something I'd definitely hit up the next time I visit NYC
I made the trek with my co-worker to grab some kati rolls. I know it might have been better to get the namesake biryani dish, but we were in need of a snack.So we both ended up grabbing two chicken kati rolls for $6 ($3.50 individually).Each kati roll was wonderfully constructed with a carefully marinated chicken and vegetable blend (lettuce, tomato, etc.) served on a crisp paratha topped with the cart's signature white and hot sauce. The roll was tightly wrapped and the real trick was eating the roll without losing any ingredients. In the end, we both decided one was stuffed with enough chicken and vegetables that it had satisfied our temporary hunger. Cheers to the Biryani Cart. Next time I'll actually try something you're known for.
Thank you Biryani cart for introducing me to the Kati roll. How i haved lived in NY for over 5 years and generally avoided most Indian food locations is beyond me, but these Biryani cart Kati rolls have changed that. Since discovering the amazingness that is Biryani cart Kati rolls I am on an Indian kick now, but the Kati rolls here are still my favorite.They have somewhere in the neighborhood of 5-8 different roll options and i love all the meat ones (haven't tried the veggies yet). 2 rolls for $6 can't be beat for a midtown lunch. They are greasy and messy and delicious. my favorite is either the mint habanero one or the sweet chili ones. i recommend trying them all.Be warned, it is a weird process. when you walk up there is always a small crowd, but most of the people are waiting around for their food. There doesn't seem to be a system to ordering, I just get close to the window and make eye contact for a bit and then place my order, they bang it out in a few minutes and BAM i have two tightly rolled Kati rolls in my hand. Good luck finding an area around 46th and 6th to eat them. At least they are somewhat easy to eat on on the go. Enjoy and be sure to grab a drink, some of them pack a bit of heat!
The Kati roll is India's answer to the burrito.  Good, not great.
Not sure why it's taken me so long to try this cart considering I used to work right across the street and still work close in the area. The Kati rolls are amazing. Wonderfully spiced and the perfect price and size. Have tried the pune, the Thai chili spiced and the king lamb roll, you'll have a hard time keeping me away from here, they were amazingly delicious. And 2 rolls for $6, how can you go wrong?
Biryani is cheap, good and most importantly not too greasy. It has real spices in it, I found a few stray cloves and cardamom pods and that is essential for a good biryani.However, I find it a little plain without lots of sauce; i would either up the sauce or switch gears to the spicy tikka. They gave me a 'preview' by giving me a few extra pieces of tikka chicken on top of my chicken biryani!And the biryani comes with an egg, though it is really quite hard boiled, not quite my taste. But eggs are nice!Nice guys work here for sure. Get to know them and they will make it the way you like it.
These people make the really good biryani according to our taste . Reminds me of India, this cart is owned by an Indian he makes really spicy chicken biryani and gyros. Very pleasant guy and very good Service. Must try for street biryani .
I have ordered the chicken and lamb over rice with a pita tossed in for good measure from this place several times. It is so good! It's just the right balance of spicy-to-meaty.I have eaten at other Halal carts and ordered the same thing and have found that the red sauce they add to the meal (by request) is so spicy it lessens my enjoyment of the whole meal because I spend it trying to find something to kill the spice. Here, the spicy sauce (I also get the white) adds a much-needed spice to it without completely overpowering the rest of the meal. For a measley five or six bucks you get plenty of delicious food.And, unlike some carts where the cook is standing on the street cooking up meat on an open grill facing the customers, this place is at least enclosed. It may not actually make a difference, cleanliness-wise, but I can pretend.
Havent eaten any better biryani in the whole of Manhattan. Finger licking food. Thanks guys!
I come here for lunch sometimes since this cart is cheaper than both of the kati roll restaurants that I'm near. Usually there's already a wait by the time 12:05 comes around. I generally get the normal pune roll with chicken and then a spicier chicken roll. I'll be honest, both rolls usually taste the same to me so I always wonder if they get confused and give me two of the same roll. Either that or the spicy roll just really isn't very spicy at all. The rolls themselves taste really good and are completely stuffed with chicken and when I pick them up, there's so much the chicken is falling out. My coworker also gets the kebabs, which come with a ton of meat and rice. I've never tried it but they look pretty good.
Saw the Vendy award sign and wanted to try out this cart's 'chicken and rice'. Unfortunately, there isn't enough chicken in their Chicken Biryani. It was a plate of rice with only 4-5 small pieces of chicken.
This cart is a hit and a miss depends on what Biryani cart they have during that time of the day. In general their biryani eventhough its not the traditional biryani is flavorful and has a different taste to it from the conventional biryani we eat at Pakistani/Indian restaurant.Overall for the price its decent and worth trying.
Best kati rolls in town. The spicy chicken kati rolls (2 for $6) are flavorful and have just the right amount of spice. Tonight I tried the Kati Roll Company brick and mortar store to try them out and was so disappointed in how dry it was. I now know to get good kati rolls I have to come back to the Biryani Cart where they are half the price and twice as tasty.
oh gawd what made me try this cart again. i ordered before realizing i've been here a few years prior. got chicken biryani, ong barely wanted to consume it it was so not good.u know when each ingredient has its own off flavors something is just wrong. i couldn't even eat the slice of cucumber. chicken was varying tastes and levels of done-ness and old- ness. never again.
One of my favorite Kati Roll stops! I always order 2 King Koti Rolls ($6) which have tikka glazed chicken inside and ask for white sauce on the side. Much better and cheaper than The Kati Roll Company. Tastes better than Kwik Meal Cart Kati Rolls as well.
This is a pretty good food cart to stop by if you're in the immediate area for a cheap, filling meal. Although, we didn't get the chance to partake in the kati rolls, next time we definitely will. SX tried the biryani and I tried the chicken over rice. Chock full of flavor and spice, with a nice spicy heat coming from the hot sauce. We did have to wait a bit for it (due to wait time for the meat to cook), but at least we got in before a large crowd. The rice here is spiced quite nicely with flavor, though be careful with the cardamom pods and such, as you may want to avoid ingesting them. The meat here is tender. The pickle added into the dish on the side is a nice touch, though may offer a sour zestiness of a pucker face if you're not ready for it. Overall, a great meal from a food cart and both rice items did not seem overly greasy.  Just be careful, as there are many food carts on the various corners of this intersection. So, just make sure you pick the right one!
I'm sad to give this place only 3 stars; I had really high expectations after reading the reviews and knowing that the bizarre food guy has been here. The Kati rolls are significantly cheaper (half the price) and has more meat than the Kati Roll Company restaurant...but unfortunately the flavor doesn't compare. It's spices are for more muted; their roll is thicker and, sadly, buttered; they rely on mayo/sauce to add flavor rather than using spices. I also got the biryani and chicken tikka and the rice was soft and had less texture unlike real biryani :( I wouldn't be opposed to stopping by the kart again but I'd prefer to pay more $$ for better quality at the Kati Roll Company restaurant.
We came here as part of a street food tour, and I have to say, this place has really good kathi rolls. In fact, it was probably the best stop on the tour. I got the chicken kathi rolls, and it was really tasty. Glazed chicken, with yellow rice, and some yummy sauce all wrapped up in a thin parantha bread. My boyfriend, an Indian who's picky about Indian food, agreed that the rolls were both really good, and truly authentic.We had a few people ahead of us, so we had to wait in the cold for our food, but as others have said, it's totally worth it.
Omg this place never disappoints!! I always get the chicken with "salad"... Whiles it's true that their so called salad consists of little more than shredded lettuce, they more than make up for it with huge chunks of boneless well seasoned thoroughly cooked chicken tosses with onions, peppers and cilantro. Theirs also rice available for those with hearty appetites or a preference for carb options... But trust me when I say I'm never left hungry. After more than a dozen times, I've tweaked my custom order to include a hard boiled egg and occasionally some pieces of cooked Kati on top.... A generous amount of all 3 sauces for a delightful spicy and flavorful combo makes this one of my favorite spots to eat... And that best part?!?! All for under $10 with a soda!!! Where else can you possibly find a deal like this, for non fast food dish a couple of blocks from the heart of Times Square!!!!
Their kathi rolls are superb. Even calcutta street rolls (vintage chicken rolls from the streets of Calcutta, India) will find them extremely competitive. However I also had biriani which was just alright, not as good as kathi rolls were!
Did I miss something? Is there another 46th St. and 6th Avenue corner in Manhattan that I should be going to? I am pretty sure I was at the right cart in this area, amongst a swath of other carts (it said "Biryani Cart" on the sign, and it made sure to emphasize it's numerous Vendy awards).I was flabbergasted with the myriad positive reviews on Yelp. With "biryani" in the name, I thought that would be a good start in terms of what I should try first. Poor choice indeed, mate, poor choice..."Chicken biryani". My expectation here would be "more than 3 tiny pieces of unspiced chicken", and "fragrant rice cooked with a decent amount of Indian spices". Perhaps my standards are too high, or perhaps this is just a plain 'ol ripoff! Mounds of flavorless rice, tiny pieces of chicken and a tiny sparing of sauces that barely kissed the rice.But, wait, there is also a hardboiled egg added. There must be some hope, right? Abso-fuckin-lutely NOT! The egg...oh the egg!!! How I wish you did not scathe my eyes like so (fortunately, I spared my belly from your rot!) My way of eating a hardboiled egg is to peel of the egg white and eat that separately from the cooked yolk. That method of eating saved me. Upon peeling the egg white, I noticed a disgusting grey layer (looked like mold) covering the cooked yolk. Look at the picture posted.I should have heeded the "warning" when, while standing in line to order, another dissatisfied customer stormed up to the window (after checking his food) and demanded that he get more than "plain rice with no chicken". To which the cart operator / owner meekly replied: "but there are vegetables there too". The customer was having none of it and snapped: "when I said 'plain rice' I meant 'plain rice'...there is no chicken nor are there vegetables". Sums it up nicely.
Needed to eat cheap today and had already tried some of Midtowns Halal Food Carts, which are alright, but you don't think twice about why they are cheap. I love Indian food and was glad I came across this place! The Saffron Chicken Biriyani was the best take-away food I have had while in NYC! (And it cost $6!!)
Went to the Biryani Cart specifically for the vegetarian biryani, however they were out so opted for the vegetarian kati roll. The Kati roll was delish!! The spice level was on point. Friend got the chicken biryani (very spicy) level and heard no complaints from her. Biryani portions are big so you can definitely share. Fantastic street food for $6..can't go wrong with that!!
I was looking for some good Indian food on the go carts for my lunch. I stumbled on to this guy(Bangladeshi) very humble n generous. They serve Super biryani rice either veg or chicken. The best part is that the rice has a very nice flavor n aroma unlike other places which are very  bland. The icing on it is the 3 types of sauces that he offers The red chilly, The green chilly&mint, the white cream. Trust me have all of them on our plate and get a bit of masala (salt, pepper, Cinnamon powder) sprinkled on top of it.  The output is a very tasty n delicious Biryani. He has all the other options too like chicken over rice etc. The cost is just 6$.
Cheap and delicious. The three men who run the cart are incredibly efficient and were particularly nice to me. I was handed my two Kati rolls for $6 in under 5 minutes. Not sure how authentic this is but it did remind me of normal halal food with an Indian spin on it. The bread around the Kati roll was slightly sweet and paired well with the spicy chicken. Would definitely go again.
i heard about this place after leaving a review for Kati Roll on MacDougal St. from another yelper and after seeing the pictures online and the price, i had to go. walked up from west 4th street up 6th ave to 46th street (make sure you go to the left when you make it to 46th street). There are so many food trucks there, but I finally found the Biryani cart :)There wasn't a long line and there were 3 guys inside the cart who were super nice to me. I ordered the chicken tikka masala that was light on the spice. Waiting time was around 7-10 minutes and my mouth was watering. I took my food to eat at Bryant Park, only 4 blocks away and was amazed by the Chicken Tikka Masala's beauty when I opened it. The chicken was a beautiful ruby color lightly drizzled with white sauce (like the one at Halal Guys) sitting atop a mound of yellow Biryani rice. When I first dived in, I was shocked at how heavenly $6 could taste and for a perfect portion. Despite the delicious chicken, I was little weirded out by the redness of the chicken which looked artificial. The red wasnt a sauce, it was like the skin of the chicken which almost made it looked candied. It looked like cheap mall Chinese food like chicken teryaki or orange chicken. I was a little taken back by this because the chicken pictures I saw on Yelp looked full and juicy and the Chicken Tikka Masala didnt looked candied. I knew the Biryani men had good intentions so I will overlook that. I will go back to Biryani cart to try something else, and I have faith that the Chicken will be better next time :)
HOLY SMOKES!THIS PLACE!!KATI ROLLS!! WOW!We had just stopped for a quick snack as we heard a lot about the street food NYC! We got 2 kati rolls and it just blew me away.If i could, I would give it more than 5 stars! The rolls themselves are packed with chicken and "tortilla" like wrap is so fluffy and soft!! The chicken had been fried in the pan, so it was nice and crispy and teh spices were a little hot but were amazing!!! The rolls flows together so well!I would definitely recommend anyone and everyone to try the kati roll!! Please do yourself a favor and try it!
Was excited to try this place. Definitely better than most of the other carts in the area, and for $6 you get chicken biryani, an egg and a drink which is great *they could use a bit more meat though*. Overall, it's worth trying this place out!
I have been here before as well.Love the chicken biryani and the chicken on rice.
First time today and I really enjoyed the Chicken Tikka.I asked for spicy but it is very little spicy, it's good, rice is also very good. Wish it had more onions and the white sauce for a bit more creamy.I will go again and try the other options.Bring $ change... $6 chicken tikka. 6th ave on west side!!"oooooooorder!!!"
Great food and reasonable prices. This is specifically the cart on the south side of the street. Twice during our visit, my wife and I got two Kati rolls for $6. Each had tender, tasty chicken, lettuce, mayo (or something similar) wrapped in warm, soft partha bread. A great way to enjoy some Indian food on the cheap and on the go.
We had chicken biryani and mutton & chicken rolls. Rolls are juicy and tasty. Although Biryani is not so spicy, it has a good flavor to it .....
Biggg fan of the kati rolls here. You can order 2 for $6 and that's usually sufficient for a meal, so you can get a little variety too. I have heard that the rolls can be hit or miss depending on the time of day you get them, but every time I've stopped by I've never been disappointed. Gotten the King Kati and Burado rolls, and both had good depth of flavor, on top of a perfectly flaky and buttery roll that I could honestly eat on its own. Apparently the chicken tikka on rice is delicious as well, so that may be on the list for next time. Well...if I can give up the kati rolls.
Don't recommend for veggie eaters, no option at all, veggie biriyani is horrible, not sure about meat.
Dont bother visiting this place.  Falafel over rice was such  a let down. Falafel was  soggy , not crisp and had a  burnt taste. and the rice felt like plain cooked rice. Simply Tasteless. Its worth a  miss and find something new .
Pretty decent cart.This is more of an Indian food cart than a halal cart. Their meat and rice has a different taste than what you might be used to.I got Chicken Tikka over rice for $6 and it was a bit average.The rice has a different flavor which might be off putting for some people... I personal didn't like it,  and while the chicken looked delicious, it didn't have much of a taste even if it was tender.They have a new $5 giant kati roll special which comes on a 12 inch wrap.It definitely seems like a better deal than the two tiny kati rolls for $6 they usually have. Way more meat inside.The lamb here is delicious and I highly recommend it
I returned to the Briyani Cart after more than two years away. In that time much of the hype seemed to have faded around the place.When I worked around here towards the end of the last decade there was breathless coverage of each new menu item and development. The success acted as a bridge between the traditional dirty-water dog and meat stick trucks and the traveling restaurants that have taken over the streets of the today.Briyani Cart tried to keep up for a while. There was a wing spin-off and a longer list of combinations and appetizers.I eventually moved downtown to work, so my visits became more sporadic. When I did eat, I eventually noticed a retrenchment. This was very much apparent on my most recent visit to the shop, at around 7 p.m. Dinner has always been far more pleasant here, without the lines of lunch. The cart stays much later than the typical cart, meaning that it is possible to work a full day and still enjoy a meal.Several items on the already reduced menu weren't available - only lamb, rice and kati rolls remained. I was thrilled to see that the slightly sweet Thai chili sauce had survived the trim, even though it wasn't listed on the menu.Taking my order of lamb and rice across the street, to sit on a bunch where I had eaten many times before, I was pleased to realize that this is still a quality preparation. The spice blend is top-notch and the rice not dry or chewy. Hype or no hype, it remains a solid choice.
Really like this place! One of the two places I want to go back to. The chicken tikka and the chicken biryani are awesome. Full of spice, and the sauces are also great. I have not tried the kati rolls but they look delicious. You cannot really compare this to Halal Guys or any other middle eastern carts because it is NOT the same. This is an Indian food cart, so the spices and flavors are definitely different. I am Indian, and I actually rarely eat Indian food out and do not choose to eat it unless it's catered or home cooked, but this has been pretty good to me! Plus the price is not bad at all for the amount you get.
The buradi roll is absolutly delicious!!! Our hotel was right around the corner. I went here 5/6 times to get a midnight munchieFor 6 dollars you get the buradi roll. I don't think it's spicey, but i eat very spicey normally, maybe that's it.I also had one giant chicken roll, that also was good!
Surprised at how many good ratings this cart got - maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Tried the chicken tikka masala and it looked promising even though it wasn't the tomato sauce based tikka masala I thought it was. Definitely more chicken and rice style with lettuce and white sauce. The chicken pieces weren't too bad - most of them moist but lacking flavor. The reason for the bad review? The rice - nothing ruins a dish more than bad rice. I'm Asian and yes I go w the stereotype - I eat a lot of rice! Doesn't have to be perfect but it does need to be edible. As I ate through the rice I noticed it was mushier than rice should be - even those that have more water content. Then I noticed more and more globs of mushed up rice - melted together to the point that it didn't even look like rice anymore - and I'm not talking little pieces - these were big chunks. I mean I understand chunks of chicken but chunks of rice? Very unappetizing and pretty gross.And then to top it off I noticed something crunchy when I was chewing - turned out to be a small plastic piece of some sort. Not one of my better lunches and I'll leave it at that.
It is really exciting to have another cart that doesn't taste exactly like all the other carts in the city.. but I had higher expectations. The service was a bit slow, granted there was a very chatty customer who was slowing the guy down, and the following girl before me had ordered a very large order. (I think I waited a solid 10-15 minutes after placing my order before receiving my order, which can feel like an eternity in food truck time.) The biryani turned out to be pretty good, but more spicy heat and much less flavorful/chicken-y than expected. The Chicken tikka was pretty darned good though, tender chicken with lots of flavor. I probably would give the place a 3.5m but I rounded down for the awkward service situation that evening.
With all the hype this place has and having won the vendy award at some point, you would expect this place to have he best biryani around.  I found it to actually be the worst ever.Why?  Because when you order a chicken biryani, you expect a certain amount of chicken.  Guess what - I could count about 7 pieces of chicken in my mainly rice and lettuce dish.  Of course this could have been due to bad luck - maybe the guy before got all the chicken and I was left with all the rice.  But I ordered a veggie biryani for a colleague of mine and his was also mostly rice and lettuce.  Given that, I'm going to have to say that this place is hardly worth the $6 they charge you unless you really to pay $6 for rice with a few pieces of chicken.  Some people might say that it was the person who made it for you.. also not the case.  I saw the guy that is in the posters plastered over the cart with famous people.  The owner was there - Mr. Biryani Cart himself.  It was somewhat comical watching three people squeeze into a tiny cart though - they really should upgrade.I'm only giving 2 stars instead of 1 because the saving grace was the kati rolls.  Don't bother wasting your time with the biryani.  Get the kati rolls only from this place.  Or if you're in the mood for rice with some meat or something, look around you and you'll see many other trucks and carts that give much better portions.
A cart with a 4-star rating on Yelp surely captivated my attention and boy I was not disappointed.I have heard about the famous street foods of NYC and tried out one randomly before this one which was so bad it made me wonder do New Yorkers have such low standard!Then someone suggested this cart and never in my imaginations would I have thought a cart would have such reviews on Yelp.this guy has some of the best biryani I had after coming from India and the price made me wonder how on earth is he sustaining himself in one of the priciest localities on earth!
This place is a million times better than the kati roll company. If you want kati rolls, go to the place that is named after a different dish. Makes total sense.Pro tip: eat your rolls at the little park area on the next block east down 46th st.
My wife and I loved the rolls and biryani. The food is not expensive and very tasty.
Lamb/chicken combo over rice with extra white and a little red. this cart had the busiest line on the block, but it is well worth the wait. They are very fast and friendly, just order what you would like and wait to pay until they have prepared your food. Make sure you listen to the order and remember what you had, so it isn't confusing with the other people waiting.
For the hungry soul looking for his cheap, delicious lunch, or quick snack before a show, this is it. Kati rolls are perfectly, if greasily, scrumptious. However, they need our support! They're under pressure from the City and apparently they're not being allowed to stay there 24 hrs like they definitely should! Where else am I going to find deliciously fatty and spicy chicken sauced with exotic Indian spices and chillies? Don't tell me you want me to keep buying my food at overpriced unimaginative delis like the one they're parked outside of? Please! Let freedom roll!
Biggest food peeve: cold foodCame here after the lunch rush because I had a short lunch break. I ordered the special that day, which was 3 items of: chicken biryani, kati roll, and samosa for $7! What a deal! My food came out surprisingly fast. I went back to work and dug in. I dug into cold, nasty food. My food looked and tasted like leftovers from the lunch rush. I was thoroughly disappointed. The samosa was crap. The spicy chicken kati roll was surprisingly delicious (after I reheated it). The chicken biryani was OK but there could've been more chicken. I just couldn't get past the cold food and it ruined my meal. I might give this cart another try on a good day.
The Chicken Tikka Masala is so unique and delicious. It is coming for an individual who ate Chicken Tikka from Countless places. However, this is one of the best and only for 6 dollars.
omfg I have missed you, Biryani cart.  Lamb kati roll, for the freaking win.
Tired the Kati roll (both lamb and chicken) on the food tours of ny food truck tour. Love it! Both the tour and the food was great. Have been back several times since and have even taken our out of town friends by to try it. You should try it too!
Cart wasn't busy but dude that took my order clearly couldn't be bothered to pay attention. Ordered a Spicy Buardi and a Veg. Got two spicy buradis. They weren't spicy and the chicken was poorly butchered and low quality. The Kati rolls themselves were not crispy on the outside or particularly flavorful. Meh all around. No reason to go back.
Best street cart in NYC. It's Food Network's Andrew Zimmer's 2nd favorite street cart. And he's as credible as it gets. I haven't seen many reviews on here about their best item: Spicy chicken Buradi rolls. It is honestly like no food out there. There are so many Halal food carts that all serve the same stuff, pretty much. But the Buradi rolls ( a type of Kati roll I assume) make the other stands' food taste like potato knish...yeah. It's packed with spicy, juicy pulled chicken that kicks you in the mouth with flavor. Inside there's lettuce and other toppings, but those aren't what's important. The spicy mint sauce (the chef's specialty) is what places the rolls on a different food level. While consuming the rolls, I thought to myself, "I literally have never had food that tastes like this before." Phenomenal. The tortilla-like shells that they're rolled in have really good flavor as well. I'm not sure what they're made of because they don't quite taste like flour. Maybe corn. It's a great deal: two Buradi rolls for $6. So if you're in Midtown, if you're not you'd better get there quick, go to the corner at 46th and 6th for a lunch far above other options.
BEST STREET CART IN NYC (located on 46th and 6th)! I had a simultaneous taste-test between the Biryani Cart's Kati Rolls and Chicken & Rice (on 53rd and 6th)...and I must say, the kati rolls win out (I still love Chicken & Rice though). Honestly, my mouth waters just thinking of the kati rolls. They're probably not too healthy for you but my GOD, the taste is absolutely amazing.If you're a Biryani Cart virgin, I would suggest getting 1 of each kati roll. For example, 1 chicken and 1 lamb (since you can get 2 rolls for $6).
I work pretty close to this place.. and I have tried some of the carts in the surroundings... I tried this after a co-worker recommended it to me.. I have to say that the flavor it isn't bad.. for the price you pay, you get enough food.. Although the service can be pretty bad... At night there is this guy who doesn't bother to ask you what kind of sauce you want and if you don't tell him in advance (at the moment of ordering) he won't care at all... I have also experienced a couple of heartburns from that particular place.. The price of eating from carts I believe.
Cheap great lunch option. Didn't give 5 stars simple because of the inconsistency. But overall a decent biryani for $6. What more can you ask for?
Tried Chicken Kathi Today:Thumbs Up: Homely Kathi Roll straight from bangla-land (Almost there)Spicy on the positive side :) ( I have grown up with spices all around the plate)Well Marinated Chicken with all Masalas shouting to come out.Thumbs Down:Serving was already Prepared and was not "hot" as I like itLittle bit on greasy side
Yum...just yum. Ordered a veggie biriyani at about 8:30 pm, got a hot, fresh container of very delicious food. Falafel was mixed with the rice, and the chutney added a good spice (next time, I will request more!). The cook was incredibly friendly! Food + coke = $8 - not bad!
This cart is also good. Indian Biryani for $6... Chicken biryani is good. I didnot liked the veg biryani. Other items in the cart also good. You can give a try and taste the Indian street food cart in the Manhattan.
This could potentially turn into a 5 star review. I gave it only 4 because I haven't tried enough on their menu to really justify a 5 star review.All I have to say is: Chicken Tikka Pita!!!! *droooool*They have a chicken tikka plate on the menu but if you want the pita you have to ask for it. My god... an explosion of deliciously seasoned meat, perfect amount of spices and sauces, and all other goodies that make a tikka what it is. Man it was a combination of perfection.(Thanks local-NY-Working-Businessman that suggested it to me!And now I recomend it to the Yelp community.)Hands down the best biryani/halal cart in NYC! You won't be sorry.
Meru (the owner) is the man. Going here is like being back in India in terms of the street food, except without the threat of dysentery! The kati rolls are excellent, as is the biryani, but I also love the fish curry. Try to order online ahead of time, as the line there can be kind of crazy.
Yesterday I saw a girl on the street shrink w/ fright at the sight of a pigeon in her path. She seemed to have some sort of issue w/ pigeons I guess? But, if someone were to have seen ME today w/ my Biryani kati roll, you would have seen me kicking my foot in the air to discourage a nearby pigeon from making a bee-line for my kati roll. And if that pigeon were to have even touched my kati roll, I would've karate chopped that bird in half with no regrets! That is how good these kati rolls are. They're worth putting up a fight for. The wrap is unlike any others I've encountered- so soft and doughy. And the filling... oofa. I ordered the sweet chili chicken roll and it was the bomb diggity. I also ordered the Chicken Tikka Marsala, in addition to my 1 kati roll, which was kind of a bad idea. It was waaaay too much food. I think I only fit in about 4 bites of it. Either way, it was tasty but if you're going to make your way down to this cart, just go w/ 2 kati rolls and you will have no regrets, my friend.Sidenote: If you're looking for a place to sit and munch your meal at, cross the street (directly behind the Biryani Cart) and head left for a few yards, and on your right hand side is a curved seating area.
Delicious! The kati rolls are really good here even though theyre a little on the small side. The line is a little disorganized and we kind of just waited in a group and the guy calls names out. No idea how he remembers who has what but it seems to sort of work. The King Koti roll was probably my favorite, but next time I'll be back for the really spicy one which looked interesting.
Place was very easy to find...It was right across from West 4 st. Subway station. Food..Eh !!! The chicken Biryani was just too salty !! It's more of a chicken over rice you eat from those halal carts. Really nothing to get so excited about! I wouldn't go there again !!!
