Man really torn about this place. On the one hand, it's the highest quality Chinese restaurant in the area...on the other...it's really not that great. The quality of the ingredients is definitely higher but it caters too much to the Western diners. I'd think it'd do even better if they were even more traditional.I had fish fillet's and shrimp - both were so heavily sauced. It was a bit much. This is definitely the best Chinese food in the area, that's for sure.
This is the best Chinese food I've had in Brooklyn. Everything I have so far tried on the menu is  really good. If you are watching diet and/or weight, watch out. Helpings are large and, like much Chinese food, heavy on oils, fats, and so on. But it is delicious.Prices are great, especially given that Hunan Delight is in Park Slope. Delivery is pretty rapid -- not the fastest, but definitely not the slowest. Staff is perfectly friendly.One commenter said that they cater a lot to Western diners. I think that is probably true.
I've really enjoyed ordering from here. The vegetarian dishes are excellent, as are the meat dishes. I could do with a little less oil in the sweet and shower chicken but overall this is a go-to Chinese place.
One of the better Chinese food options in the neighborhood for dine in or take out. The lo mein is the best I've had and contains a generous amount of veggies in it.
I eat here all the time food is yum and veggies are crisp. This is important because a lot of Asian restaurants give you rubbery frozen veggies. I love the soup and the little crispy noodle chips they put out for the table as well.  Actually never had a drink here so I can't speak for that part. There is no actual bartender so if you do it's probably best to stick with wine and straight mixes...The portions are big, I always have leftovers. The staff is not rude but very quiet. They don't say much besidesHello, Thank you, you're welcome, see you soon. Never had any issues and I've been coming here for years. Also they have a little outdoor seating on side.
Sometimes sugary-sauced sesame chicken, pork fried rice and fried pork dumplings are the only things that can ease the pain of the Rangers losing yet another overtime game. Hunan Delight has you covered here. It isn't winning any awards, but it's cheap, delivery is quick, and it's the best of its ilk in the Slope. Also, eating it on a regular basis will probably speed you on your journey toward obesity, if you're getting impatient.
our favorite chinese for delivery, I would say the only one we call so far.Must order?! shrimp dumplins, huge, many, good. Boneless ribs, or bone-in (boneless are many, smaller pieces, different marinade), Singapore Mei-Fun, chinese garlic broccoli. Yummy. Service is always perfect, always 5 minutes ahead, never a mistake so far.
They are very good for American Chinese food. Highly recommended for lunch. The staff is very friendly and the service is good
It's okay. It seems less greasy than a lot of Chinese restaurants around here, which I like. The service is good. The food is fine, just not very flavorful, and dishes that are supposed to be spicy are not.
Loved the Peking duck and the pork fried rice. The fried dumplings are also perfect. Great service, clean and decent portions.
Defiantly was a long Love/Hate relationship with this place, but have to pull the trigger on hate at this point having experienced the slow decline over the years first hand. Unfortunately, decent food can't make up for horrible service, imperious owners and gross indifference to hospitality. Spit in the eye of the restaurant industry that I hold so dear. I won't be back.
Great Chinese food, that's spicy and fresh. Good portions as well. I would definitely recommend this place. However, their service could be improved i.e. cleanliness and waiting time for menu could be improved.
Probably the best Chinese food in the area. My favorite guilty please is the wontons in sesame sauce appetizer. It's like pasta in peanut butter sauce, which sounds crazy but trust me if that idea got you to even remotely turn your head you need to try. For delivery, don't bother trying to find them on seamless, but don't fret, they are super friendly over the phone, they store your address by phone number for next time, and you can pay with credit card at your door.
I'd ordered delivery from here a few times.General Tso's Chicken was crispy and juicy and the lunch special portion ($6.50) was so big that I ate it for two meals.Twice cooked pork was subpar and basically not the twice cooked pork dish at all. Rather than fermented black bean sauce, this was cooked in a brown sauce with green bell peppers, and they used some kind of tenderized lean meat instead of thinly sliced pork belly.Mooshu pork was delicious and a gigantic portion as well.Their menu is not online. I was informed by the lady who picked up the phone that the website posted is not one that Hunan Delight had made themselves. But, someone had taken pictures of the physical copy and uploaded it for us on yelp (see images). Thanks!
Best dumplings I've ever had. I moved in across the street 5 days ago and I've already eaten here 3 times. Highly reccomend this place
Came here for a late lunch ! Lo Mein Chicken is yummy! We ordered fried chicken wings as an appetizer had great seasoning! Do NOT order the Pad Thai not good had to send it back! Service is okay very quiet maybe only 6 people there the neighborhood is nice about 10 min  walk from Barclays
Took 1hr 30min for delivery. Food was cold. Called twice while waiting and they claimed "the driver just left". Obviously lying. When asked for an explanation they hung up on me. Won't be ordering from them again. Consider yourself warned.
It pains me to write this as I've been ordering from Hunan delight for years. As of lately the recent orders have been a hit or miss But today I found a huge bug mid completion into my pork fried rice. Instantly everyone tossed their food out as I had ordered for a whole office. What a waste and I'm left disgusted and embarrassed for suggesting Hunan.
Hunan Delight is my favorite for Chinese takeout.  I usually get vegetable dumplings and some type of veggie entree.  They are always more than happy to cook something without sauce, steamed or water sauteed.  Everyone that works there is really wonderful, always pleasant and very helpful.  I have never been disappointed!  Their delivery is really fast and they even deliver for me when I am outside the neighborhood.  They have delivered all the way to Crown Heights for me on multiple occasions without a second thought.
Not sure how this place got four stars, but it's sub par Chinese food. I've been there a couple times and it's been very disappointing. Would not recommend.
Saturday, when you wake up on a friend's couch, mid afternoon, this is an awesome place to get delivery from! You know why? Cuz they have lunch specials on Saturdays too! Hooray!I got me some General Tso's, and it was quite nice. Tender chicken, always a good thing. The egg drop soup is fine, but I find it hard to understand how you could ever screw that up anyway. Heat soup, whisk in egg, you know the deal.The beef sticks are good too, but getting four of them for $7 feels like a bit of a rip off to me. But a yummy rip off nonetheless.
We ordered from here after reading the reviews. The food is ok, but really Hing L. that we order from is better and quite cheaper. Would not do take out from here again, but if you want to eat out and you want chinese it's ok.
Best in the area. The only reliably good Chinese restaurant in BK I've found so far. Nice atmosphere, and the chicken isn't rubbery like most Chinese restaurants I've had in the area. My only complaint is the dumpling sauce. It's not bad, but it's a little too much like soy sauce. They could do more with it. But everything else is terrific!!
I've been there a few times and overall it's a pretty good American Chinese restaurant. Good food and atmosphere. Definitely worth stopping by.
Been going here for years. Love their shrimp fried rice and the singapore noodles. One time I order takeout and I forgot what dish I ordered but it didn't look good at all. After going there for years that's my only complaint with them. Love the food and although the prices did go up the food is still reasonable.
This place used to be a favorite in our house.  They were pretty consistent with their food & tasted good.  So, we occasionally ordered in.  Recently, we noticed they added a new ingredient: MSG.  Sadly, we won't be ordering from them anymore.  This place was one of very few Chinese restaurants that didn't have MSG, but as of late that has changed.  My husband & I had long-lasting headaches due to this change.  Not a good move!
Who can go wrong with delicious, Americanized Chinese food? Seriously, I find it funny that people are always bashing these restaurants for lacking authenticity. I would like to try one of the fabled, genuine homeland eateries, but have yet to find one. Do they exist?Meanwhile, back to Hunan Delight: It tastes good. Just eat it. The chef's specials I particularly recommend. And they have a nice patio area looking out onto Union.
when i have to work late hunan delight always delivers msg free delicious food. takes credit card at your door. delivery guy likes cracking jokes. thumbs up.
My wife loves this place! While I can't say I love it as much as she does, I can say I've never had a bad meal here and enjoy eating in or getting delivery. Very tasty!
I can't vouch for the dine-in experience, but my friend and I ordered dinner from here recently. Their steamed shrimp dumplings are from heaven. I was glad they accommodated my request for the chicken and vegetable meal I ordered to be steamed, not fried. It was really delicious, too. I can't wait to order from them again.
Take out can be rather trying here: I didn't tip the guy enough one time (was he expected a $5 tip on a $21 order?) so he cursed me out in Cantonese. The last time I ordered take out, the same guy came and acted like I was imposing on him by asking for a food delivery. Hunan Delight's food is rather mediocre, too much salt, oil and grease and I won't be ordering from them again. But if you do order, order for the delivery guy, he makes you sorry that you ever bothered calling them in the first place! What a treasure!
Very good Chinese in the Slope. Usually go to them for takeout, but the food is much more delicious when eating in. Restaurant is actually nice, and they have a small outdoor seating area in the summer.
I read the positive reviews of this place here on yelp before going. Several described the food as fresh-tasting and among the best Chinese in Park Slope. So, off we went.Oh, what a sad disappointment! We went on a Sunday afternoon and there were only 4 other people in the entire restaurant, yet our food was cold. The sauces were the consistency of glue and the tasted as though they had come from a jar. There was a hair in my rice. And, they had no green tea. So, the cons of this place would be: terrible food.The pros were quick service and relatively inexpensive food. Portions were reasonable. They had a very extensive menu, but in my experience the longer the menu is the less likely it is that any of those dishes are going to be prepared expertly.I really wanted this place to be good, but it just wasn't. Anyone who has ever cooked Chinese food themselves or enjoyed a meal in any sort of (even marginally) authentic Chinese restaurant should steer a wide berth around the Hunan Delight.
Can't speak to the dine-in experience. I've only done it once and it was neither pleasant nor unpleasant. Take out? Big fan. Always quick and I've never had a screwed-up order. The Vegetarian General Tso's Chicken is fabulous, as is the Tofu with Black Pepper sauce, Cashew Shrimp, and egg rolls. This place is not for health nuts - lots of frying and salt and other fattening things going on but they're pretty good about taking modifications so if you want something good for you I'm sure you could work it out. However, as others have said, the Vegetarian General Tso's Chicken is so good you probably won't ever order anything else.
As many others have already stated... The General Tao's Chicken is quite lovely. Another plus that they serve Brown Rice... I have never eaten IN HD, I always get takeaway, but its the best chinese in the hood, if you avoid the more esoteric dishes.
I really like this restaurant.  There are other places that are closer to me, but this one is worth the travel.  Their food always tastes great, prices are reasonable, and the wait is always short.
Had takeout from  here at a friend's house for pre New Year's Eve lunch.This was the first time, as we normally  use a different  restaurant in the neighborhood for Chinese food.The five of us shared a half dozen dishes plus 2 types of rice and soup. I thought all of the dishes were very good but not outstanding. White rice and brown rice were average. What really caught my attention, however,was the egg drop soup, which I thought was fabulous. Last night I made a special trip there in the freezing cold to take out a large egg drop soup order, which once again was superb. I also ordered beef Szechuan style. It was good but  not outstanding. While waiting for my order, I noted the pleasant, quiet atmosphere for dining in, with subdued lighting in place of bright fluorescent which prevails in many Chinese restaurants. Prices were a little higher than the competition. Takeout was prompt and friendly. Besides the egg drop soup, highly recommended, I spotted a nice bargain: lunch specials every day consisting of soup, entree, and fried rice for $6.25. ( Roast pork fried rice is $1 extra.)
Love their vegetable dumplings and vegetarian meat dishes. I get it delivered to the bar I work at allll the timmmmmmme.
I actually like the clean, nicely designed interior and lighting and it's a totally pleasant place to eat in. I thought the service was fine and the food was tasty. I liked that the veggies were not over cooked and fresh.I've ordered take out, and consider this place an asset to this sleepy 'hood.
When I lived in Park Slope, this was my go-to place for takeout, and to visit for a nearby bite. I'm impressed that they made it through the transition from a really basic place to a charming enough restaurant, and still kept the prices very, very reasonable, especially in a neighborhood that's ever-gentrifying. The lunch specials are a good value--and the takeout portions are even larger.
Fresh & Fast food!  This place offers very, very good food. It is not your take-out chinese place on the corner. They have pretty inventive dishes & will listen to your annoying dietary needs like it's not a big deal.  The currys are my favorite & the vege bean curd soup. It can be romantic if needed.. I once had a date there and it was perfect atmosphere.  But.. it can also just be family fun. Christmas this is where we go! I will miss it when I move!
Had to go back to this place at a friend's request.  It was his birthday and all he wanted was chinese for lunch.  Well, it was TONS better than we got my take out.  The chicken was tenderoni, the vegetables crisp and nothing was too laden with sauce.  What's to complain about at these prices?
Shrimp dumplings are incredible! Chicken soup.... Not that good.
hunan delight is a-ok in my book. definitely solid.  their delivery is SO fast, they take credit cards, they're really nice, and they have soooo many choices - even for the veggies in the crowd!the bean curd general tso's is delish. and i'm gonna go in and say the egg rolls/spring rolls are also top notch.don't know what to eat? want that quintessential ny experience of ordering in chinese?  hunan is your place!!
The conspicuous dearth of decent Chinese food in brownstone Brooklyn makes this tasty spot particularly welcome.
Definitely the best (American) Chinese food in Park Slope.  Fast delivery, fresh ingredients and always delicious.  The broccoli is always perfectly cooked, crunchy but definitely cooked through.  The garlic and brown sauces are salty but have flavor other than salt.  Great pan-fried pork dumplings too.  Highly recommended.
americanized chinese food is awesome. i totally agree with the former roomie, pat g, that there ain't nothing wrong with it. helllooo, I AM YELLOW and i still love this stuff. i went here last week to treat a friend for a belated birthday dinner (who's also yellow, mind you). since i am now unemployed, my only stipulation was that the restaurant of choice not break the bank. hence, the decision was made to hit-up hunan delight because 1) we were ravenous and 2) only two blocks away.about 7:30PM, we strolled happily into the restaurant and asked to dine al fresco since it was the perfect spring night. because there's a massive amount of things on the menu, it took awhile for us to make a decision (well, to be fair, it was mainly the birthday girl who couldn't decide).our waitress apparently wasn't used to indecisiveness and asked us if we were ready at least 974835435 times - kinda annoying, but i give her brownie points for attentiveness. ultimately, we decided on the fried bean curd for an appie and for entrees, the cripsy honey chicken, perfect match (shrimp with scallops and veggies in garlic sauce), buddhist delight (a mix of veggies)  to make up for the lack of fiber in our other orders. all were served with brown rice. i liked our order, but didn't LOVE it. the best thing was probably the scallops, but i only had like a grand total of 6 on my plate. granted, i have a high standard for americanized chinese food (i.e. joy yee's in chicago - illinoians, take note) and this didn't meet my expectations. we ended bagging up the majority of order for home. i'll give the place the extra star because we were fussy customers (e.g. we had to be moved inside because my friend was bothered by the flies outside).
The orange sauce at Hunan Delight is the best I've ever tasted. You will always get seafood that is always fresh and vegetables that are never overcooked. They also have a huge variety for vegetarians, seitan and tofu galore. The spices are just right and it is never greasy. One of my favorite restaurants in Brooklyn. The orange fish, honey chicken and soups are all delicious.
Best vegetarian/vegan chinese food in the neighborhood - and that being said knowing about Vegetarian Delight and Dao Palate.  Their scallion pancakes are the best I've ever had, and if you like sweetened iced tea, theirs is awesome.
Excellent service, and nice decor, this restaurant has been a neighborhood staple for more than 10 years.  In a neighborhood and city completely packed with Chinese food restaurants, this one really stands out.  As an appetizer, the pork dumplings are amazing, with a freshly fried consistency and a delicious dipping sauce.  for a main course, the beef in garlic sauce (I live on garlic) and General Tso's ( which I realize is NYChinese) are delicious as well.  In the end the bill was really reasonable, especially considering where the restaurant is located.  I highly recommend this place.
It is a good place to eat. Not outstanding, but about what you'd expect. Beats other Chinese restaurants around it. I love the atmosphere too.
Very tasty.   Always speedy when having delivered.One complaint, HUGE COMPLAINT - One time when I had it delivered there was a super long hair in my chicken & broccoli w/garlic sause.  Needless to say, I don't order from there very often anymore.  Only when I'm dying for Chinese food, as I haven't found another decent place nearby yet.
Not recommended...I should have been suspicious when my order arrived 5 minutes after getting off the phone...but it was late so I at the Sesame Chicken anyways and got really ill.
I've never eaten in the restaurant; I usually order and have the food delivered. The food is usually very tasty.  I want to suggest this place but there is one thing that is stopping me... the delivery person.   The last time I ordered I gave him my credit card and he ran it through, I signed the receipt and handed it back to him, he placed it back in my face as told me I forgot or rather I need to put the tip.  I found this to be really rude and ungrateful.  While I placed a huge order, I was going to give him cash instead of including the tip on my credit card.  How dear he tells me to put a tip.  I tip is compensation on a job well done it is not mandatory.  Trust me I am well educated and versed in the restaurant management industry and I usually tip extremely kindly.  I hope management see this and speaks to their delivery person but you've just lost me as a customer.
Large wonton soup, add some Sriracha hot sauce. Mix it up. You have a bowl of winter magic.
My go-to Chinese restaurant. Chinese food is everywhere, but good Chinese food is hard to find.  Hunan Delight is delicious and relatively healthy, with fresh veggies and white meat chicken. And they offer brown rice for no extra price. I've never eaten in the restaurant, but the delivery has always been amazingly fast as well.
Four strikes you're out!!  After many years of eating here solely because it is convenient, I'm quitting because of four recent incidents.1. Delivery man "rounds off" total on check (rounds UP that is) to make things "easy" for me.  Don't discover "mistake" until  long after.2. No plastic utensils on take out food for weekends. Don't discover this until long gone and ready to eat in car. Cashier explains later that people "eat at home and are not in a hurry" on wekends.3. Ask for crispy noodles (wide ones that are served when you eat-in) with delivery order.  Response:  One dollar extra!!And the coup de grace...here goes:4.While dining in, near a table with kitchen personnel cleaning string beans, one of the women sneezes audibly (and wet) INTO HER HAND, continues with the handful of beans she has, then gets up, picks up a paper napkin, wipes her hand and throws the napkin away! NUFF SAID????   The pedestrian food is hardly compensation!!  Avoid!!
I am convinced this is not only the best Chinese I have ever had, but quite possibly the best I will ever have. I never guilty after I eat here (and I usually eat everything on my plate!) because the ingredients are so quality and they don't pile on the MSG. The veggies are never from a can or bag, always fresh with so they have a satisfying crunch to them. The sauces are superb and they use only white meat. You can also substitute brown rice if you choose--and you should do it at least once because they use a really gourmet kind of brown rice. It costs a little more than your average Chinese joint, but it's so worth it. The lunch special is a real deal, with everything around $6-$7 (with soup of course). If you eat in, you'll enjoy the atmosphere...a spare, dark wood room has a classy Asian appeal.
This place is THE WORST.   A friend and I came in with our babies for lunch and the staff didn't lift a FINGER to help us in any way.   Barely took our order, the hostess actually ROLLED HER EYES when we apologized because a friend was not going to join us, didn't even try to help us lug the high chairs over as we grappled with our little ones.   Meanwhile, mind you, the restaurant was ENTIRELY EMPTY.   And speaking of the food, it was really bad.   My friend got the "sesame (faux) chicken" special and it was pieces of something from probably 2 days before battered and deep fried.  The soup she ordered congealed almost instantaneously.   I forgot what I ate because it was completely forgettable.  We NEVER went back and it was so appalling, don't know what to say.   It was actually pretty surprising considering that we were very pleasant, low-key, and just wanted to have a nice lunch with our babies in an empty restaurant.
Yummy in my tummy! The pork dumplings were very delicious! The veggie lo mein was scrumptious! The egg rolls were huge! The hot & sour soup was huge for a small & good! Funny thing...the fortune cookies were so light and fluffy, not like most fortune cookies that are hard and stale! Fast delivery too!
This is the best Chinese food I've had... EVER  Usually Chinese food scares me, but not Hunan Delight.  I know it will be fresh and delicious and acutally chicken.
Not on my usual way to find food fast on a Saturday night with 2 small hungry children but my husband didn't want the same old Chinese restaurant so we ventured down Union St and we were pleasantly surprised to find fresh fast good food.  My picky two ate everything down to the oranges at the end.  The Singapore noodles had the right amount of curry (at least for my taste) and the chicken w/eggplant was excellent.  Everything coming out of the kitchen looked great.  The atmosphere is low key, clean and very urban.
Tasty and good vegetarian options. They have fake meat dishes! AND, to top it off, they have a wide delivery range - they deliver all the way down to South Slope.
I love it.  I live in Bayridge and order pick up and drive to Park Slope to have some of the vegetarian general tsos chicken and veggie wonton soup.
Good chinese. I wasn't enamored of the Vegetarian General Tsao's many of the yelpers rave about, but I do find their vegetables very fresh, and the sauces not too greasy compared to many places. Love the free brown rice.  Have eaten in and done delivery, the restaurant is fairly nice inside, never crowded.
It's near my house so it has that going for it. But I have to say the price has gone up so much since the renovation, and the quality hasn't improved at all. No complaints for the usual dinner-and-a-video fare, but not a stand out by any means.
The veggie General Tso's chicken tasted so real that we asked the waiter to double check. Very greasy but better fake meat than I've had anywhere else.
Whenever I'm in Park Slope, this place is a must for me.  They have vegan and vegetarian "meat" offerings.  I particularly love the General Tso's Chicken (vegetarian version).  I crave it.  The service is quick and dependable, food is always hot and delicious and the price is right - 8 of us - $65 - great value especially in this section of town.  Can't tell you how the real meat dishes are because we've never had any.  My husband had the basil "chicken" (vegetarian) and it was really good, too, but I like my General Tso's chicken the best.   It's always packed when we go in, so I figure, it's got to be good.  Oh, the steamed dumplings are delicious.
Hands down my all-time favorite take-out place.  I was sad to move out of the neighborhood because of it.  They have great fake meat, good real meat, they are fast and cheap and you get enough food for two meals.
They have a whole page dedicated to vegetarian dishes, don't use oyster or fish sauce and apparently don't fry their vegetarian spring rolls with the non-veg spring rolls.  Woohoo!  The spicy sesame "chicken" (also great with tofu), bok choy with garlic and black pepper tofu are among our favorites.  Spring rolls are okay but the dumplings are a good bet.
Better than most of the other Park Slope choices.  Very decent food without being outstanding in any way.  One thing to watch out for:  if you click on the menu here it  does have a complete list but the prices are very out of date.  Expect to add at least 20% to what is show there.
Quite good Chinese food for the Slope. Not cheap, but food is generally of high quality--not greasy, and chicken isn't fatty or tough. Definitely of higher quality than most of the other places in the neighborhood.
One of my friends who is a lifelong Park Slope resident recommended Hunan Delight to me, and I haven't gotten Chinese Food anywhere else in downtown Brooklyn / Park Slope since. Their food tastes super fresh, and I love their tofu dishes: the sizzling tofu, house special bean curd, and General Tso's are all great. I also like the Buddhist Delight, double sautéed pork, dry sautéed string beans, duck and ginger, pepper steak, and sesame chicken. Their pork dumplings and vegetable dumplings are both very good, as is their wonton soup and egg drop soup. The restaurant itself is pretty quiet on the weekends, and they are pretty fast with delivery of take out.
Quick and Easy. Everything arrives hot with no leaks. Great menu and great service. Highly recommend white meat for all chicken dishes
I just started ordering from this restaurant, the food is good and the delivery is usually on pointI do recommend the general chicken with shrimp fried rice:)
In the search for the best Chinese delivery in my neighborhood (Cobble Hill), my girlfriend and I one night took the 3 best reviewed places that could delivery to our address and ordered the same thing from all three places (pork fried dumplings, chicken lo mein, and general tso's chicken with brown rice) and had a taste test. We tried Happy Garden, China Wok, and Hunan Delight. All three had the same size and quality of brown rice and arrived in 26-32 minutes. Here I present the other conclusions of that test:Happy Garden: In the middle in terms of pricing (China Wok was $17ish, Happy Garden was $23ish, and Hunan was $27ish). They used reusable plastic containers for 2 of the 3 dishes but they were too thin and cheap to actually use again. The general tso's chicken was made with bite sized pieces but was very average in that there was a lot of breading that was not crispy and they used cheap cuts of chicken and included very few pieces of broccoli. The sauce was sweet with no kick or real flavor to it. The lo mein was also very average. They were our number one choice for dumplings. The dough was properly thin and they used tasty meat and included a decent dipping sauce. Unfortunately they were no longer crispy but that could be expected from delivery I suppose. China Wok: This was the least expensive of the bunch. Everything came in the typical disposable tin containers. The general tso's chicken had larger pieces than Happy Garden and more broccoli but was also average at best in terms of quality and taste. The lo mein wasn't that good as the noodles were thin and not chewy the way lo mein should be. The dumplings were also extremely doughy, the meat had little flavor, and they did not include any dipping sauce. They too were not crispy at all and did not seem like they ever were. We threw these away. They were the only one of the three to include a can of soda but did not let us know this ahead of time so they chose Pepsi for us (which neither of us drinks).Hunan Delight: At over $27 this was the most expensive of the three places. It did end up being our favorite of the three but not by much. They included a nice thick reusable plastic container for the two main dishes. They were the only one of the three to include fortune cookies. Their general tso's chicken also lacked a crispy texture or high quality chicken but their sauce had slightly more flavor to it, though not by much. The lo mein came with properly thick and chewy noodles with the best flavor. It also came with a bunch of mushrooms which could be a pro or con depending on who you ask, we're not big mushroom eaters but picking them out wasn't a problem. The dumplings were disappointly doughy but had much better flavor and better seasoned meat than China Wok and came with a dipping sauce. The downside besides the non crispy thick dough was that they only gave 6 dumplings while the other two had 8. The conclusion was that if we're hankering for dumpling delivery Happy Garden is the way to go, if we want chicken lo mein then Hunan Delight is the best choice, and if we want general tso's then it's really a crap shoot as no one in our neighborhood seems to excel at this dish, a slight edge goes to Hunan for flavor while if price and having a bit more broccoli is important, China Wok would be the better choice. We'll definitely have another round with the next best 3 choices but it will be awhile before we can justify gorging ourselves on Chinese like this again.
I have been doing takeout from here for years and while the food was never spectacular, it was better than it is now. Not sure what has happened? It's mediocre at best but continue to take out from here because of convenience.In the plus side, delivery is always quick.
Ordered delivery, I open the box and it was burnt general tsos chicken. Not mildly burnt, like BURNT. Tasted like charcoal. Couldn't eat it and threw it out. They must have known it was burnt when they packed it. I'm surprised they care so little about their product.
THE BEST chinese food I have ever had, and I've had lots of chinese food in my day. Not only are the dishes cooked to perfection, but the dining experience is really relaxing, and not rushed. This is the best chinese food in New York.
So sad how far this place has fallen ... Used to be the BEST around and superior to the rest in park slope, now its just a sad sorry excuse for Chinese. Came for lunch on 4th of July, so apparently we could not order lunch specials due to the holiday. Before we even got a chance to order, we weren't given any water OR noodles. Had to ask for both, the noodles were asked for well after our order was placed. Cannot substitute fried rice. Wth goes on¿?Ordered dumplings, they were OKAY. chicken and broccoli was alright, NOT FOR 13.50. except for the nerve I chewed on.  USED TO BE SO MUCH FOOD FOR LESS NOW YOU PAY MORE FOR LESS FOOD.Fried rice okay. AND AGAIN, LESS FOOD FOR MORE MONEY. Insane.This place has raised the prices and both, quality and quantity has gone down. SmhI'll stick to 86 noodles. Good prices great food!!!!!!!!!!!I missed this place for NO REASON!!!!!!!!
Grabbed a dinner combo when we were moving into our place. The guy was there within 10 minutes of hanging up the phone. The food was great and fresh (orange chicken with fried rice).The only downfall for me was the soup. I ordered the egg drop soup and while hot (blindingly hot - wait a while) it didn't have a ton of flavor. I plan on trying some other soups too.Food is great, service is lightning fast, and it's right in my hood.
Very good. Food quality has differed slightly in the two times I've been there over a week, but overall a great spot.
I love Hunan Delight! I've been living down the street for almost 10 years and besides 86 Noodle, this is Brooklyn's best Chinese take out food! Everything is delicious and fresh. My favorite dishes are the orange chicken, black bean chicken... I suppose all of there chicken is good! The soups are great and the delivery is fast. If you decide to dine-in, the restaurant is clean and the service is fab. Prices are definitely fair.
Solid Chinese joint, great wonton soup, delivery is always quick with no issues, you can charge your card when they deliver the food to you.Recently tried Moo Shu Chicken for the first time, very tasty and different with the pancakes.Can't go wrong with their honey chicken, lo mien or sesame chicken!Only complaint is I wish their egg rolls had roasted pork in them.
Hunan Delight is the only place I have consistently ordered Chinese take-out from in Park Slope for over twelve years, because the food always seems clean and fresh, not to mention they have an EXCELLENT vegetarian menu with LOTS of HEALTHY options. Sure, there have been a few Larry-David-Curb-Your-Enthusiasm-style arguments over how many hot mustard packs were given or how rice was packed -- but they were few and far between.  I have tried other Chinese restaurants in Park Slope, but have been disgusted. I order in mostly, but Hunan Delight has a nice dining area. If you can't make it to Manhattan's or Brooklyn's Sunset Park Chinatown, and want to stuff your face late night, order from here.
The reviews are right-- this place definitely serves up some delicious American Chinese food. In fact, so far, it's the best I've had in Brooklyn! I did have to jump on a train to get there and could have just as easily made it to Chinatown (and probably got there faster) ... but I'm a Brooklyner now, and I want to support my borough and explore the best of the best right here =) Plus, this place is very nice and modern inside, and atmosphere makes a huge difference to me. On my first visit, I saw a couple of Asian women prepping fresh green beans near the kitchen, so I ordered Chicken with Green Beans with Egg Fried Rice and an egg roll. Everything was fresh and above average... and quite delicious. Also, note that I had food envy looking at other patrons' tables--that is, everything I saw being delivered to other tables looked amazing. Needless to say, I'll definitely be back to try some of their other dishes... even if I have to jump on a train to get there.
This spot is ok, nothing Extraordinary, and nothing bad either. Good spot for some local Chinese food, it sure does beat any fast food Chinese restaurant around the area.I am very familiar with this establishment, although I've never got a chance to write a review. I don't visit frequent but when I do I stop in for the Lunch special. I stopped in today and decided to write a review.Their Food is ok, but nothing great, one thing is for sure... you can't beat that Lunch special price! Pretty inexpensive at $6.95 you have a variety of menu options to choose from, all Lunch specials comes with a Soup, which i love (Soup in general that is).I probably will stop by again one day since it's so near to me, but not too often lol. If it werent in the area I would never travel to come here, i only travel to China Town for some Authentic Chinese Food.The best part about the whole experience at this restaurant is the Complimentary crispy noodles accompanied with Duck sauce on the side for dipping, you get this delight as soon as you are seated.
After not being about to find decent chinese takeout in Windsor Terrace, I finally tried ordering form Hunan Delight after a recommendation from my sister. First of all, how crazy is it that theses guys even deliver here? Second, this place is pretty delicious. What makes it better is that it's cheap and they deliver pretty quickly. It can be a little salty, but who doesn't enjoy swollen feet?
Came here for a quick dinner with my family and heard (from said family) that this place was decent.  I guess I'll start with the pros: the staff was extremely warm, friendly, and accommodating, and the service was pretty quick.  The prices were also pretty reasonable as far as Chinese food goes and I can see how this might be an easy neighborhood spot for families (many people had kids with them on a Friday night). Additionally, there is an ample vegetarian section of the menu (which was particularly helpful as I was dining with both of my brothers who are vegetarians).  Most of the veggie stuff looked pretty good. I tasted the vegetable lo mein and it was fine.  The scallion pancake was also very good.  I ordered the egg drop wonton soup and sesame chicken.  The soup broth was just sort of a cornstarchy viscous tasteless glop, and the wontons were a bit thick (the jackets) for my liking, with sort of bland fillings.  The sesame chicken was cloyingly sweet and jerky-like (SUPER dry).  It's unfortunate because a good Chinese place is a good thing, and the people who work here are so nice.  That being said, I probably wouldn't come back.
This is the best Chinese takeout in the area. The food is not greasy at all, always fresh and flavorful. The chicken dishes especially are always made with white meat (besides a specified few) and fresh veggies. They listen to request too... we always order "light oil" because we like the flavor of the sauces but not all the added oil and cornstarch. The Ginger Chicken is our favorite, it has just the right amount of ginger spice. The honey chicken is also very good, but definitely not as healthy. I love, love, love their wonton soup here. I don't know why it tastes so much better than other places in the area but it just does!When you eat at the restaurant, they give you a complimentary pot of green tea and some crispy noodles with dipping sauce.-1 star because the prices are definitely higher than the other Chinese takeout in the area. Two dishes will cost you around $30.
This place is amazing. The people there are always so nice and the food is delicious! I highly recommend the crispy honey chicken or the pan fried noodle dish!!
Best Chinese in PS. As another yelper wrote, not fancy, not dirty, just right.Only thing I would do for five stars is take away a little grease.Excellent scallion pancakes,Great chicken lo mein,Wife loved her beef Szechuan style. 20 min delivery time.Will def order from there again.Wish it was on seamless.
My go to spot everything is fresh I usually get the chicken and broccoli with the egg fried rice  Its in a prime location and the staff is very nice.
They are VERY good. The best vegetarian fake meat general tso's chicken. They also have fancy rice.  Prices are a little steep ($15 for vegetarian general tso's) but it is very good quality food and the staff was attentive.However their online menu lies and shows the incorrect prices.  They posted much cheaper prices on their website...
Agree with other reviewers -- this place used to be very, very good but now it is nasty. Avoid at all costs! Just ordered from there and everything tasted the same -- salty, soy sauce. None of the interesting, different flavors they used to have. Something is wrong at Hunan Delight!
Delicious food! Everything I've tried here is always so yummy! My faves are the sesame chicken, chicken w broccoli, lo mein, chicken fried rice, and their steamed chicken dumplings are awesome! The service at the restaurant is always great. Food comes out pretty quickly and is always so fresh. Delivery is fast and most importantly the food gets to u still hot! This is definitely my family's favorite Chinese place. We always recommend it to ppl looking for good and fairly priced Chinese. Not really expensive but not as cheap as the take out places. I mean you get what u pay for right? I personally don't mind paying a few extra dollars to know I'm eating the good stuff. The portions are big too which make for great leftovers or in our case, hubby's lunch the next day lol, which he always loves! Love this place!
Finally, a reliable Chinese place.  No filthy windows, grease on your plate or C rating from the Health Dept.The scallion pancakes are the best I've had in a long time.  Delicious and crispy, they hit the spot.  The bean curd was also very good, as was the honey crispy chicken and the General Tso's shrimp.  Definitely want to try the sesame chicken soon.  Downside: prices are a little high, and I got a really mean fortune cookie!  The fortune told me to tone down my personality!
This is BY FAR the best Chinese food for this area of Brooklyn. I live in Carroll Gardens and the delivery was fast, woman on the phone was also very nice. You can sub dark meat for white meat at $1 and definitely worth it. Broccoli in Garlic sauce was extra tasty as were the soups, egg rolls and General tsos entree. This is my new go-to place for order-in Chinese!
Some reviewers say this place is good but inconsistent. If they're right, I guess it was my bad luck to catch 'em on a dip. The Mu-Shu pork was ok, nothing spectacular like I'm used to in the San Francisco Bay Area, and there was not enough plum sauce. The Cashew Chicken had a decent amount of chicken and cashews, but lacked flavor. Or perhaps the more positive reviews come from people who like bland and extra-Americanized Chinese food?
Hadn't been here for a while but didn't disappoint. Over the past 27 years since they hosted my son's Kindergarten graduation luncheon for the family we have enjoyed every meal since then.  Friendly staff, consistent ownership, wonderful eat in or take out experience.  I have never been disappointed.  Love the Spicy Bean Curd in Peanut sauce appetizer and the spinach and bean curd soup!  You have to try the house noodles so make sure to eat in on an occasion.  I also enjoy the shrimp egg foo  young.  Parking is a challenge but the neighborhood is accessible and pleasant for walking or public transportation.
I had the best lunch here by myself on a warm and rainy Xmas eve. The service was exceptional even though I was the only one sitting outside. I got the spicy sesame vegetarian lunch with hot and sour soup. Both were extremely flavorful and well done. Definitely the best Chinese food I've had in the slope! It was also rather inexpensive. I only wish they delivered to Windsor Terrace!
Craving Chinese food on a rainy Saturday night  my boyfriend and I stumbled on this place. We ordered a wonton soup, which was very good, but the portion was extremely small. Pork Dumplings, just ok. The skin of the dumpling was a  bit to thick for my liking. Chicken and broccoli, delicious. Perfect ratio of chicken to broccoli. Veggie fried rice, was just ok and lacked in flavor. The noodles they give you were fresh, yummy and addicting. Our server was very attentive I just wish he would have smiled more. However, it won't prevent me from coming back. This place is a little more expensive than your average Chinese food but the quality of ingredients is better than your average Chinese food. Can't wait to come back!!!
Hunan Delight is one of two places I've found in Brooklyn that fills a void that exists in my part of the borough, which is decent Americanized Chinese food in a clean setting.  I mean mediocre hole-in-the-wall places seem to be common, but they all suffer from poor reviews and look seedy, too.  I found the menu here to be pretty extensive, there's definitely something for everyone.  While there is no wow factor here, there's also nothing to complain about as far as the food goes, but I do feel it's a little overpriced.
Very very friendly service and food quality very good. Seems like the portions are small for the price. When I ordered General Tso Chicken, it was great but so cheap with broccoli portion. Ordered a duck dish $17, crispy and yummy and good amount of duck, hardly any broccoli(~4 spears) and tiny bowl of rice; for $17 bucks throw me some veggies. Maybe this is Chinese food for the wealthy and you need to order a side of veggies. When they forgot my egg-roll on a delivery the guy came right back and was nice about it.
Three stars isn't meant as disrespect. This place has generally solid, Americanized Chinese food. It doesn't approach some of the better Manhattan and Flushing Chinatown places, but it's not trying to.The decor is nice, the location is excellent, and the staff is generally very helpful (even if they seem a tad gruff). If you're ordering takeout, they might buzz you even before you hang up the phone (they aren't on Seamless or delivery.com, but their automated system keeps your address on file based on phone number). This super-fast service, though, indicates that few of their most popular items are cooked to order. Very good Cold Noodles with Sesame Sauce, and the Hunan Chicken is my go-to (just wish it came in a smaller size). Vegetables are usually well-cooked but still crisp, and the salt levels only sometimes go off the charts (such as on a recent Pork Fried Rice order). Avoid the soups, however. They're overly corn-starched; viscous and congealed at anything close to room temperature.
Hunan delight has never done me wrong. I come here every week and I have never had an issue or a disappointing experience. The food is amazing, staff is friendly and the prices are great. Very nicely lit cozy spot. I highly reccomend the shrimp dumplings they are always fresh, plump and have great flavor!! I feel lucky to have such a great place to eat in my neighborhood. Just a tip if you are eating at hunan always bring a sweater they tend to keep the AC on super high could be a little too cold in there at times
The food is alright here; nothing fancy but it does the job.. sort of.I usually love general tso's chicken but I couldn't finish my meal. The soup was a bit bland for my taste but at least the workers were friendly!
The food here is definitely better than the little hole in the wall places. Everything I've ordered seems to have extra flavor. They have chow fun and its good. Their hot and sour soup is off the chain. The beef is cooked tenderly and the portions are generous.This is the place to get Americanized Chinese food in Park Slope.
Best fried pork dumplings I've had in Brooklyn. Extremely fast & friendly service. Lots of space. Really hits the spot when its Friday and you're looking for a pig-out date night for cheap. I shall return.
Friendly staff but the peanut sauce should not taste like peanut butter and the fried mock chicken should not taste like cracker jacks.
The atmosphere is wonderful and romantic like- great for like a date or jus a bunch of friends- jus to hangout n eat some delicious food!!!!! Everything I order is tasty!!!! The food is AMAZING  The service is AMAZING! The window view is beautifulThe seating is comfortableThe bathroom is nice and clean.Must try, this place!!!!! If you love good chinese cuisine.
This is my regular chinese go to in my hood. I work in Flushing so this doesn't really compare to super authentic dishes but its still very good. Quick delivery (call them directly, seamless/grubhub etc charges them a fee) I love the hot and sour soup, shrimp dumplings, chicken or shrimp with broccoli in a relish garlicky sauce, peking duck, eggplant w garlic. Will make it reeeeaaaly spicy if you ask. Great place.
Had the double cooked pork. It was really good. Friendly service as well.  I reccomend.
Probably the best Chinese in Park Slope, though that's not saying much.  It's definitely aimed at gringo tastes as even the "spicy" dishes are tame.That said, they are quick, nice and efficient (plus nicely priced).For better Chinese, your gonna have to head South of Sunset Park or into Chinatown.
Not sure how people think this I the the best spot for chinese in park slope.  Waaaaay below mediocre...
Since we moved to Brooklyn, we have been dying for a great Chinese restaurant.  We finally found it!  We ordered take out last night for 7 people.  The deliveryman was nice, prompt, and got everything in our order correct.We had:Egg Rolls - crunchy, not too greasyHacked Chicken - We have been looking for this everywhere!  Not soggy and big pieces of chicken.Peking Duck - We ordered 2 whole peking ducks - we were a little nervous about it.  It was fantastic!!  Big pieces of succulent duck, perfectly cooked, juicy, not oily, skin was crispy,  large amount of pancakes and all the trimmings. Sha Cha Shrimp - fresh shrimp, a little spicy but not too spicyBuddhist Delight - not oily, good variety of vegetablesDried Green beans in garlic sauce - fantastic, not soggy, very freshHoney Walnut Chicken - Not too greasy - perfect amount of crispiness.  Even though it was just white and brown rice, they were fantastic too!  Fluffy and not mass produced.  This will be our go - to Chinese restaurant!!  So glad we found it!!
I love this place. Great Chinese food, although it's a bit pricey. I like to go for their lunch special. Yum...
Staff is always so courteous! Service is fast and the food is ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC. Best in Brooklyn.
Just dropped in for some hangover-recovery dumplings etc. The shrimp dumplings were just right. Outdoor patio was super chill. I'll definitely be back.
I was really unimpressed with this place and am surprised by the four stars it received on yelp. I came here with my mom. She ordered duck noodle soup and I ordered shrimp pad thai. Both were extremely salty and unappetizing. We ended up ordering a side of rice to dilute the taste of the pad thai...I've never had to do that before. The service was good but the food was not. Although I live a block away, I will not be coming back here.
Good food, fairly priced, quick delivery. Been eating there for years. Would be great if they included more savory vegetarian dishes
This is as good as it gets when it comes to Chinese takeout in the neighborhood... I'll admit I've even eaten IN the restaurant when my friend and I were feeling adventurous enough to walk down the block one night, and it was pretty nice inside! My go-to moves: hot and sour soup, crispy honey chicken (YUM), roast pork fried rice, dumplings. All pretty exceptional. If you're going to Seamless some Chinese to accompany your Netflix binge (or if you're a Jew on Christmas), this is the right choice, even if sitting on your ass and eating yourself into oblivion isn't (but then why does it feel so good?).
Came here for a quick bite so this review is only based on one visit and one dish - the sauteed broccoli. It was great! I thought it would be chinese broccoli, but it was just regular broccoli. Nevertheless, it was very tasty. The place is a bit pricey but definitely worth checking out. I'd come back here to try out some other things.
Yelp you did it again! Did not disappoint at all!!! Ordered the basil shrimp with little oil (as recommend by another yelper), wonton soup, and  egg roll. It was amazing!!! I highly recommend this place!!! :) will definitely order again!!
I've been coming here with my family for the last 25 years and will continue to come in for another 25 years! Scallion pancakes are awesome, and there are healthy steamed options
Finally Chinese that isn't the one of the 2 standard Chinese options of New York:1. Stand n Wait, dingy spots you always feel shame going to.or2. Frouffy, avant-garde often fusion spots where you get jacked for Szechuan shrimp.Yet, thank heavens, Hunan Delight is the odd one out. A straightforward, non-gross, easy, reliable neighborhood standby. It's got a large seating area and it's very fairly priced.Eating there can be convenient or annoying, convenient in that there's always space. Annoying in that this place can be crawling with strollers and annoying kids. But picking up food in the area is great. I order the lunch specials all the time and there about 30 different options. You get a good amount of food: entree, rice and soup. One thing I always like is that the entrees always have something extra in them, something you wouldn't expect, sauteed pork has tofu and mushrooms as well. Chicken and cashews also has vegetables. You never really know, I'll call it--a bonus! Food is always fresh, nothing soggy, I'm into it, yay, shall keep returning.
Moving here from the Bay Area where some of the best Chinese food can be found (SF China Town) I was happy we stumbled upon this restaurant. They deliver via call in only and food is delivered got and on time. We ordered Lo Mien, dumplings (HUGE), steamed broccoli, brown rice, and Mandarin Chicken. Food seems fresh & their black bean sauce is really, really good! Recommend for solid Chinese take out. Never dined in there - but I am sure that is great too.
If you are shut out of a hipper place that is too hot to trot, this is a great alternative. Hunan Delight is a real underrated superstar. First of all it occupies incredibly envious corner. It is on a serene block on a quiet, beautiful brownstone avenue. They have gorgeous outdoor seating in the summer months. And although the name suggests a lame Americanized Chinese experience, it's actually not that at all. They have some Chinese-American standbys, but this is by no means in that category. No fried crunchy noodles here. There's dim sum, a good selection of mandarin noodle soups, and everything is generally cooked tasty and fairly light. The large vegetarian selection is also really phenomenal. It's rare to get this combination of comfortable and sophisticated atmosphere and very good ethnic food. A hidden gem, no doubt.
One of those times when I realized yelp reviews are always going to lead me to right restaurant.  Ordered lunch take out from here.  It was really mediocre and I really had no enthusiasm to finish it.  Ordered shrimp lo mein, chicken and broccoli...with egg drop soup.  All standard Chinese dishes, and not tasty.  The only thing I liked was the shrimp dumplings.I probably won't order from here again.  I've had tofu in past and it hasn't been good.  Bummer
Not bad. They deliver and it's easy to get. The food isn't the greatest, but it's also not bad. I do recommend their sesame chicken. It's pretty on point.
Great on the apps, the dumplings, totally yumm, and the veggie wonton soup, oh so great, but the veggie bun unparalleled it all. The chow fun was bland as hell, and too expensive!
I had work done in my mouth that all I was allowed to eat was soup so I ordered a large Egg Drop soup, easy and harmless enough I thought, until I could have solids. I had a small serving for dinner and saved the rest for the next day. I woke up to this solid blob of who-knows-what! I called the place up and asked what they put in it - cornstarch! And based on the solidity of this "thing" I am guessing it is mostly that, not much else. Do yourselves a favor, if you care about your health at all or what you put in your mouth - SKIP THIS PLACE! They don't care about you, plain and simple.
I've tried the General Tso's Chicken with white meat, the vegetable fried rice, vegetarian hot n sour soup, and the vegetable lo mein. I'd recommend any of these dishes. I picked the food up myself, it was ready within 10 minutes of placing my order. The restaurant seems clean, which was a big deal for me.I'd be surprised if someone disliked the food, it's exactly what you'd expect out of Chinese take-out.
Great place, consistely good service and food. Ive had a few things on the menu, but my fav is their version of the sweet and sour chicken. Give it a try and decide yourself.
Great food at decent prices. I needed to find a good sit-down Chinese food place in Brooklyn with  vegetarian options, and I found it! Great place to come for dinner.There are a good amount of tables for any size group, and outdoor seating for the warmer weather. The service was great - the staff were very helpful and patient, as well as incredibly accommodating.
Yum yum, best Chinese in the slope for sure. Almost as good as my favorite back home in PGH (sesame inn woot woot!).The lunch special is super cheap ($6.95 for entree, rice, and soup), and can last 2 meals if you do it right.I love the general tso's and sesame chicken (who doesn't love fried meat covered in what is basically savory candy), but the lighter options like Chicken & Broccoli or Buddha delite are yummy too. The egg rolls are BIG and def worth the $1.50 if you're feeling like a big spender.I've only ever ordered take-out, but my meal is usually ready within 10 minutes. I'll have to dine in the good-looking space sometime!
I visit this place often wether it's for dining in or taking out. It is always a pleasant experience for me here. I order the general tso's chicken, shrimp curry friend rice and the steamed shrimp dumplings. It is soooo damn good. I have turned a lot of my friends on to this place and they all love it as well. Can't wait to visit this place again. Oh, and parking is a b****. It isn't the restaurants fault tho.
Very inconsistent. Sometimes the food is great and like tonight it was just horrible .  The roast pork and mixed vegetables we terrible.  The pork was like chewing leather and the veggies were waterlogged and soggy .  The vegetable dumplings were soggy .   The vegetable fries rice tasted rancid and burned . Never returning.
This is one of the few places that offer Peking duck on their menu in park slope and we always get this dish when we either order take out or eat in. It's pretty delicious with fresh spring onion and cucumber but the best part is the pancake they offer which is my preference over the steamed puffs. The rest of the fare is yummy american style and traditional Chinese dishes. Seafood dishes are exceptional and presentation is also impressive if eating in. Delivery is fast, no seamless but they will swipe your card at your door which is nice when cash is low. Yummy food here.
Ordered delivery on a friday night. It was quick (about 30 min), generous sized portions, and very tasty. I especially enjoyed the boneless spare ribs.
I remember this place when it was your regular Chinese take out joint. My how the years have changed them. Hunan Delight is now a fancy Chinese food restaurant with outdoor seating and table service; however, they never got rid of the take out service, which was incredibly brilliant. Keeping in line with the yuppy-fication of Park Slope, Hunan Delight gave their place a hefty make over and I like it. I decided to sit down and enjoy the Chinese food I usually eat from the container and I was pleasantly surprised. The one down side, for me at least, is the increased price of the food. I typically opt for Chinese because it cost less and is filling. A quick easy fix for dinner. I guess the cost of renovation, and increased value of the neighborhood, has increased the cost of chicken lo mein as well. Bottom line: Good Chinese Food, in a great setting. Whether eating outdoors, or indoors, you won't be sorry you stopped by; although your wallet might think otherwise.
More expensive than your average chinese food restaurant, but worth every penny. Consistent & delicious. the mushu dishes are worth trying!
As many have already pointed out in their reviews, and two friends from my building (she is from China and he from the USA) pointed out on their way back from celebrating the Chinese New Year at a local Italian restaurant (!?!?), Hunan Delight is a step above the other Chinese restaurants in the Park Slope area. Dishes here cost a little more, but the quality increase is worth the price increase.  Unfortunately began with a disappointing order of chi bau (steamed vegetable buns). The bread was perfectly steamed but the vegetables inside were brown and tasteless. But from there on everything was good including our other appetizer, wontons in hot sauce, which we very much enjoyed.  We then split a generous portion of chicken and Chinese eggplant.  I eat this dish quite often in Chinatown and the quality of what I had last night at Hunan Delight blew the Chinatown dish out of the water. The white meat chicken was moist and flavorful and the eggplant was fresh and served almost too hot to eat!Yes, the food is Americanized but look around, we are in America!
Consistently good.  Meat always tastes right; veggies firm and fresh; fast and tasty.  Lo mein is legit: noodle to meat to vegetable ratio is spot on (not too much cabbage).  Their chicken and broccoli with white sauce is perfect.
I tried this place out and I did not find the food or service outstanding. I ordered scallion pancakes and chicken in black bean sauce. The scallion pancakes were SOAKED in oil. They were disgusting. The chicken was ok but I left most of it on the plate. The place is better than most local fast food Chinese restaurants but I wouldn't go again.
Who doesn't like Chinese food?. Wow, I ordered the General Tso's chicken, mad good....oh man, along with a spring roll, and some veggie fried rice...finger licking good,followed by food coma.......and wake up the next day and do a couple of hours at the gym.I can't speak for the venue, cause I only order for delivery.
I am simultaneously disgusted and delighted by how quickly my food is prepared from when I call in a take out order to when I arrive to pick it up.  It is literally ready in 10 minutes. With Chinese food, it's best not to think about it that much.  Because, guess what?  Hunan Delight has fucking great food. Order the following: -Pork fried dumplings -Vegetable Lo Mein-General Tso's ChickenAmazing.
this spot is the perfect in between Chinese place. it's not an actual dirty Chinese take out but not a fancy expensive one. it is perfect for a fast but delicious meal. when we want that in between Chinese food fix we come here since it is right down the street. their shrimp dishes are really amazing. I have tried the shrimp with walnuts and mayo and also the shrimp with sweet and spicy sauce. they were both sooo amaaazeeeeee! I do not know what breading they use for their shrimp but it is so good. their portions are pretty decent and they come with white or brown rice. I have also tried their beef with string beans. super tasty too. the beef was actually really tender and the string beans crunchy and flavorful. it was not too salty like how it usually is at Chinese food places. their wonton soup is decent, nothing to be excited about.if you dine in it is really nice and clean and modern. service is good. take out is fast and efficient. this place is really awesome and really great. the food is quality. price range from 10-15 per entrée. although im a huge fan of dirty Chinese food places (I think the grittier the better), this place is on the top of my Chinese food list in Brooklyn.
As a traveler with a taste for good Chinese food and a restartaunt that took my AMX Credit card, Hunan Delight satisfies!! I had a chicken/ vegetable combo platter with pork-fried rice and an egg roll as a takeout meal. Service was good and fast. Even after a 10 min walk back to my hotel, I found the rice to be seasoned just right (not over salted) and fluffy. Portion size and taste was delightful. I will definitely make another visit and highly recommend this restaurant.
Food is ok not too bad. They forgot one of my order so they sent it out again and when the food got here the delivery guy was a different guy but right away he was rude and seemed really pissed that he had to come.We order food that total to 13.60 gave a 6.00 tip. The second guy expected to get tipped again so I told him that we already tip and that we shouldn't be forced to tip again for a mistake that they made. So he began to say things in his own language which I simply just ignored. I would normally order from this place for the interns which will be around 110.00 at least once a week after this happened I will not be ordering from there any more. Its a shame that a business gets hurt because of who represent them.
I found my 2nd Chinese I deal with in Brooklyn. I used to just order from Kum Kau . But I am hooked on this place too. They have some of the best Sesame chicken I ever had. I had  3 small helpings at lunch. I had to stop myself. The fried rice is good. The jumbo fried shrimp is fresh and tasty. The chicken lo mein is good. They have fast delivery my clients loved it. I will be back,
yummy! I read the reviews first because I am always skeptical of a new Chinese restaurant.  This establishment was spotless (well from what i can see) and the food was really fresh and well seasoned. We had the Chicken and Broccoli, vegetable lo mein,General Tso's Chicken and brown rice.  I will definitely come back. :)
The most solid Americanized Chinese food joint in Park Slope. They're quick, they deliver to the far South Slope and their drivers take credit cards without complaint.The food: scallion pancakes are killer. KILLER. I love their sesame chicken and the General Tso's chicken's kickass as well (and not terribly spicy, either.) It's not authentic by a long shot, but not much Chinese food in Park Slope could meet that standard. The food's good. You'll have plenty to eat. Enjoy it!
Hunan Delight is a delight.Pretty good food and excellent service. I didn't see anything outstanding in the menu, but we were in the mood for tried and true. The chicken with pan-fried noodles was fresh and tender and flavorful. The noodles were crispy without being greasy at all. Their black bean sauce is one of the best I've ever had and their moo shoo chicken was flavorful.
I live around the corner and have eaten from here dozens of times. Unfortunately their food is adequate at best - not bad per se, but just not much flavor. Service is great, people are nice, restaurant is clean and notches above your typical n'hood Chinese...but the food... Meh.But it's close, reasonably priced, reliably mediocre, and the kids like it so there ya go. Unfortunately you've got to go 60 blocks or so south of here to get really good Chinese food in the BK.
Hunan Delight lived up to most of its yelp reviews. It is definitely a better than average Chinese American food, with a lot of vegetarian options. I especially noticed their shrimp was high quality, the steamed shrimp dumplings were full of big pieces of shrimp and the sesame shrimp was made from jumbo shrimp. All of the appetizers I had were good-scallion pancakes (not too greasy, just greasy enough), boneless spare ribs (good, but small portion) egg roll (I can't remember the last time I had such a good egg roll-usually they are full of gross super red tiny pieces of pork and some other unnamable items, this looked 'real' and was not full of grease) and I really likes their cold sesame noodles. Everyone I was with enjoyed their food. I had the egg foo young special which was hearty with 3 large pieces, and better without the sauce, which I found too salty. Their Chinese broccoli with garlic was fresh and cooked just right, perfect crunch and nice bright green color.  It is more expensive than a basic takeout place, but I have no problem with that when then quality matches up. The only thing qualm I had was that wine, at $7 a glass was nothing special and drinks were definitely pushed. My friend and I both had wine left before they started asking if we wanted more, and I was asked twice before I finished. In fact, my other friend had half a beer left and they were ready to give him another, putting an undue pressure to drink fast, and hence buy more. The place itself looked clean, but the women's bathroom had no soap.In the summer it is nice to sit outside.If I liked Chinese food more, this would be my go-to Chinese place in the area.
I order lunch from this place often because it is some of the best authentic Chinese food I've had in Brooklyn.  I'm not talking quick Chinese takeout, but real home cooked meals. I'm vegetarian so I've mostly had the vegetable and tofu dishes, all of which i was really happy with.  If you are in the area and in the mood for Chinese, I recommend this place
The steamed pork dumplings and hunan duck are hands down two of the most delicious dishes I've ever had at any Chinese restaurant.
The food at Hunan Delight is decidedly good. I'm giving them a low rating based on service. I placed an order for delivery recently and asked for extra hot mustard (one container). I was told that there would be a charge for the extra container. To start, their prices are already higher than any other Chinese restaurant in the area. Charging for condiments? That would be like going to a burger restaurant and being charged for ketchup. The person who took the order said that for small orders ($25 isn't small) they only give one container. They are stingy with condiments for take out orders as well. This might sound like a trivial complaint, but bad customer service is a deal killer for me. I'm put off and will probably not order from here again. I hope the money they save on condiments is worth the money they have lost in my business.
SUCH A FAN!They deliver to Cobble Hill/Carroll Gardens which is awesome, and the delivery is really, really fast! Also you dont have to read out your credit card number over the phone because the delivery man has an old school credit card swiper with him! Awesome!Anyway, the food is simply really really great Chinese food. Not greasy, delicious, flavorful, and a good value. I always get the 'combination' dinners which usually involve some type of meat, pork fried rice, and an eggroll. Of this type, the broccoli in garlic sauce combo, boneless spare rib combo, and sesame chicken combo are all highly recommended.Their pan fried dumplings are YUMMY! And so are the scallion pancakes.Super quick delivery, great value, great quality food, delicious food- you can't ask for any more out of an awesome Chinese restaurant.
Best chinese in the neighborhood by FAR. The lunch special in particular is a fantastic deal. Service is good, the food is great - what more can you ask for?
The food here is so tasty!! Things taste so fresh and not oily, like many Chinese Restaurants. They also have a great assortment of vegetarian options which fantastic. Highly recommend this place!
I love the lunch specials here, and appreciate that the staff tries to remember your name if you come every now and then.The orange- and general Tsos chicken are amazing here. I hate to say it, but dinner is a bit overpriced though.  I mean, its GOOD, but not artisan.  Better than Mr. Wonton and the others on 7th, but not an absolute must-go kind of place.
I love Hunan delight. This experience however has prompted me to write, negatively, about the experience. 1 hr 30 min and counting for pick up. They should have warned us this was going to happen. Instead they have repeatedly said, I don't know how long it's going to take. Come back when the place is empty they can cook up some mean food then...
It's not easy to find good Chinese take out. This place has some of the healthiest Chinese food I've ever eaten, and it tastes excellent. The service is speedy and thorough. I enjoyed a nice conversation with the lady at the cashier (she may be the owner), and we both shared our loathing of the increased parking meter prices. It's more expensive to park in Park Slope than it is in Manhattan now. I've never eaten in here, but the place was clean and inviting. I would definitely dine in at Hunan Delight. I drive all the way from Bed Stuy to get my Chinese food fix. Definitely worth the trip.
Best Chinese food in Park Slope, no questions asked!I have gotten take out numerous times, but I finally ate at the restaurant last night and had a wonderful experience.  It's very nice inside, and the service was lightening quick.  Definitely worth it if you want to go out but don't have a lot of time.  For two entrees and a bowl of wonton soup, it came to $34 with tax and tip.  Love it.
How have I not reviewed this place? This is one of the better Chinese places in the slope. I am still bitter as hell about the demise of the once great Red Hot.Ordered takeout from here last weekend-it is okay-i got a vegetable dish and they could have been more liberal with the amount of rice they gave me. It all tasted pretty good. The staff is not super cuddly. The prices have gone up since the renovation and it never seems exactly the same.
Look, the food here is delicious and very well-executed. Many Brooklyn chinese food places end up with soggy fried things and watery soups. Not here.I had the General Tso's Chicken lunch special, with fried rice and hot and sour soup. The chicken was fried crispy and used large, clearly-chicken pieces of chicken. Hot and sour soup was chunky and full of vegetables and tofu (and lacked pork, which is a plus). Fried rice was high quality and had little clumps of white rice in it -- making clear it had been fried just for me.Service was good. And since I spent less than $7 bucks (before tip), it was a terrific deal.
Hunan Delight, in my not-so-humble-opinion is one of the only edible Chinese restaurants in Brooklyn that has yet to be shut down by the DOH*.  And this is a great thing.  Sure, they are more pricey than your average yellow and red sign sportin'-order by the quart-MSG all in your grill- hood Chinese place, but I would rather pay a few bucks extra for Moo-Shu that doesn't taste like my neighbors' dog stepped foot in the wok.Everything I've eaten here has been good.  They even have more 'upscale' options such as crispy duck and lobster.Delivery is speedy and the owners as really nice.All in all, a great place to order Chinese.*Mr. Wonton used to be my go-to place, since it's cheaper and closer, but once the DOH got involved, I moved on to Hunan Delight.
Food is usually good (with some misses) and delivery is quick.  Lots of veggie options.  Delivery guy I had last couple times could be friendlier- i.e no thank you for tip (and I usually overtip!)
Yelp says it best: "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"   When I am in the mood for Chinese food, this is exactly what I have in mind. Hunan Delight does it perfectly. The ginger fish was delicious, surprising, a bit unusual. All the ingredients were quality and the dishes fresh for us. The waitstaff was friendly and efficient. If you look at this restaurant's review history, you can see it's been awhile since they've had any negative reviews. There's  reason for that. Highly recommend!
I love this place! I order from here maybe once a week. This is one of the best Chinese restaurants I've eaten at in a long time. Before moving to Brooklyn, I lived on the border of Chinatown for three years, and I could never find any decent American Chinese food. It was either too oily or the flavors were completely off. I found myself reminiscing about my childhood when I ate amazing Chinese food in New Jersey. Really sad, no? Anyway Hunan Delight blew my mind. Finally a good place! And it's near me! I was really excited after years of subpar Chinese. The flavors are right and it's not too oily. But somewhat oily...it is Chinese afterall.I've only gotten take-out, but the restaurant looks rather nice to dine in.
The reviews are all accurate.  This place is clean, nicely decorated, and mid-level price range.  The food is excellent and served with panache.  My waitress was super sweet in indulging all my concerns about food allergies, and the vegetable lo mein, which was recommended on Yelp, lived up to its raves!
Visited on a Tuesday evening with my 72 yr old father & 14 yr old son.  We were looking for a neighborhood sit down Chinese food restaurant.  Place was cute.  Only 2 other people seated in.  Seated within seconds (obviously) & our waitress Gigi took our oder.  We ordered Chicken & Broccoli, Chicken Fried Rice, Scallion Pancakes, Boneless Spareribs ( we requested extra crispy) & Wonton Soups.  EVERYTHING was DELICIOUS!!!  Ask for fried noodles when you sit otherwise theu dont bring them.  Bill came to $52- not bad for 3 people.  Can't wait to go back!  So yummy! Service was so fast too...maybe a little too fast, we ate like gavones!!!
Best "Americanized" Chinese Food in Park SlopeConsistent, Clean, Reliable, Big Portions, Cheap, FastComfort Food at it's BestLunch Special - Oh Yeah!Look Elsewhere for "Authentic" chinese food
Listen here people, this joint is by far the best Chinese food place in the slope. I was starting to lose hope and shy away from my Chinese food obsession after several failed attempts at success, than I found this place! Not only is the food great, it's cheap, fast delivery, and a cool ambiance if you do decide to sit in rather than take out. I will be going back, and I will refer to my fellow Park Slope dwellers
This is a place that my family and I used to attend for many years. Easy to get to, and in a great location in Park Slope. However, many things have changed about this Chinese restaurant, but not for the better. Upon entering the restaurant, it is hard not to notice a SWARM of flies, flying around the main entrance of the restaurant. This is something that is definitely not hard to notice. Even within the restaurant itself, there are small flies flying around, from table to table. The service people were adequately polite. However, the same could not be said for our male waiter. What was appalling to me, was that my daughter noticed a dead bug on the plate of her chicken and broccoli meal. She took pictures of her plate as well as I did. Thus showing the waiter, who did not seem apologetic, but annoyed that we even showed him! He mentioned something in Chinese to the women in the Customer service area. The check came, and I was charged for half the meal, which leads me to ponder? What is it that I missed on MY plate, and what is going on in the kitchen that we, the customers, cannot see? Upon leaving the restaurant, we showed the picture to the Customer service reps, who then apologized for the unsanitary meal that my daughter partially digested. To make amends to what just took place, our lunch was now free of charge. An A grade was posted outside the restaurant's window. Which leads me to question, have the standards for an A grade declined?
Good grub make great thai food too!
Oh Hunan Delight - I still love you. You're my go-to when I feel like ... any kind of Asian in Park Slope really and you continue to deliver. Everything I've gotten has been great and aside from the Lo Mein, we've never ordered the same thing twice yet.The meat dishes, the noodles, even the wonton egg drop soup - they've all hit the spot and been great as leftovers.But this last time, craving some veggies that weren't swimming in a sauce, we ordered a side of bok choi. Awesome bok choi - also $9 and a dish in and of itself (in amount and price). Just beware when ordering a side of something peeps - that's all.
Yummy! A nice little chinese spot in the slope.  Quick service and good variety. They have done wonders with this place.  It used to be a take out spot and now--outdoor eating and the whole shebang.  Date night with the hubby or lunch with a group of friends.  The staff is on it either way!  The food is good and the prices are great.  Lunch specials are appealing and I will be back in the summer time.
About three months before I moved out of NYC in September, I discovered Hunan Delight just a few blocks from my house.I am of Asian descent and have had my fair share of good and bad Chinese food over the years. Park Slope is full of pretty awful take-out and delivery joints which might do in a pinch, but are far from fresh and tasty. Hunan Delight is the one place that is truly a HUGE cut above.The food is your typical Americanized Chinese cuisine, but it is very well executed. I never had a bad meal here out of the 10+ times I ate or had food delivered. The Garlic Chicken, General Tso's, Mu Shu Pork, were all some of my and my girlfriend's favorites, and even their fried rice was delicious (and the proper color of soy sauce, indicating it was made freshly unlike the premade neon-colored rice you get at the other takeout joints).Even the interior of the restaurant (yes, it actually is a sit-down place) is very nice and classy and even worthy of a date. The prices are surprisingly cheap for the quality of food although they are maybe a buck or two more expensive that those gross delivery joints in the hood.HIGHLY recommended for anyone wanting Chinese food in Park Slope.
I was expecting a better meal because this place is so highly rated. Honestly, I think there are several other spots in Park Slope where the food is as good for ~$5 less/entree. It is nice that they have daily specials and outdoor sitting, and the service was great. I just wish the food had been less salty, and had had more vegetables - I drained several big glasses of water during dinner and then was thirsty all evening.  I ordered the Ma Po Tofu and my date had the Sesame Chicken. Both were okay, but not standouts. The dry-sauteed string beans were our favorite, though.
Any time before three months ago, I would have given it 4-5 stars.  My husband and I have been eating there at least 2x a month for the past few years. The last 4 times we've had it delivered it was not nearly as good as it use to be.  The service IS speedy and they have never, in all these years, gotten the order wrong.  We're wondering if they have a new cook. Their sauteed vegetables with fresh garlic use to have a delicious, fresh from the wok taste. Last night we got an order and it had only 2 pieces of garlic and no real taste.  It still beats most of the options in Park Slope, but we've noticed a drop in the quality over the last few months.  I hope it'd just a temporary glitch.
First the service. It seems to be a family run place, but the service is excellent. The young asian guy waiter is super attentive and the food comes out at a good rate. The food itself is delicious. Love their veggie chicken, which is much better than the generics in the supermarket. I'm a big meat eater but if I'm feeling healthy, I go there just for the veggie chicken, it tastes that good. The bok choy is delicious as well. Also, special notice must be given to the hot and sour soup. It is simply heavenly, especially with the crackers (fried wontons?) provided with it. Even more-so on a cold winters day.Finally, I've never had a bad fortune cookie there. No "to fly, you must first run" bs lol. It's always solid advice ;).
Ordered food from this place at a friends house.  The meal was pretty decent.  Their hot and sour soup was really good, one thing I liked, they gave us alot of sauce, which is cool.
My new go-to Chinese restaurant when I'm home! Honored all my special requests and fast, friendly delivery, not to mention great food! I order Chicken & Broccoli and Egg Drop Soup. Main dish was a little on the oily side, maybe next time I'll ask for it steamed. Pretty good prices. LOVE that brown rice isn't an extra charge...keep it up!
I found the food to be a little greasy, lacking in real flavor ... typical unhealthy NYC Chinese food.
I crave their steamed shrimp dumplings all the time. In fact, I'm craving them right now.I'd have to say, in terms of quality ingredients, this is the place to go. The vegetables are vibrantly colored, the shrimp are plump, even the fried items like scallion pancakes don't taste greasy. The fried rice is also flavorful and non-greasy. And I like the space, so it's not a take-out-only joint. Sitting down for a meal there is quite pleasant. (No fluorescent lighting here!) So yes, I'm totally a fan.
They agreed to deliver at 10:22pm!  Best Chinese food in the Slope vicinity, AND they deliver to the other side of the park!
Great pork dumplings and beef BBQ skewers started our meal off right. The pineapple ginger chicken hit the right balance between spicy-sweet and the bite of ginger. Others enjoyed their scallops and sweet and sour dishes. Would definitely return.
Great Chinese food, quick delivery, reasonably priced...what's not to like? I'd definitely recommend.ETA: The Vegetarian General Tso's is as good as everyone else has said it is. I've had both the chicken and the "chicken," and much prefer the "chicken." It is good. It sounded gross to me (not so into fake meat), but I stand corrected. Do yourself a favor and order it.
Got the sautéed vegetable medley dish. It was pretty terrible, not to mention overpriced. Vegetables didn't taste right, and there was tofu in it (which was not asked for), which was unseasoned and honestly inedible. Probably won't be going back anytime soon, if ever.
After F-ed in Park Slope gave this place the thumbs up, I was pretty sure this place would be good, but I didn't realize it would be this good. We got to sit outside on the (slightly crampled) patio and service was super quick. We took Yelpers' advice and got the brown rice which was really great on its own - usually I feel like rice has to be soaked in some sort of sauce to be worth eating, but not this rice. We got the Pineapple Ginger Chicken which was quite good - just make sure you don't eat the giant slices of ginger. Could have used more veggies, but the chicken itself was really good. We also ordered the Moo Shu Pork which was delish!!! The plum sauce was amazing. Bonus points for including a fresh container of plum sauce in our left-over box. I will definitely be back (or ordering delivery) soon.I also got an awesome fortune in my fortune cookie: Ideas not coupled with action never become bigger than the brain cells they occupied. Whoa...
Place was cozy and wait staff was a little anxious as if to rush you out but besides that the food was great and the atmosphere was awesome.
Good Chinese food. Clean spot. Better than your average takeout. Not worth traveling too far out of your way for. Wish they had better beer. The end.
Go to for greasy, MSG loaded Chinese in Park Slope when I'm feeling masochistic.  Appreciate them not using Grade D meat, but if you're never going to want sugary, fried chicken, hop on the R train to Sunset.
I'm happy to have across this restaurant.  I like Chinese food but I'm not a fan of the fast take-out kind,I rather pay a few extra bucks for better quality food.  It looked appealing when I passed by and decided to give it a try...  I'm very happy I did, because I had one of the best fried rice in the longest.  I will definitely be returning!
This place was REALLY good. Went there with a co-worker after a big day of neighborhood basketball, meeting his wife, and getting some grub. I enjoyed everything I got as did my cohorts. We sat outside with a nice cool breeze as pedestrians strolled by. Yes, it was a nice meal and I'd go there again.
Very good Chinese food.  For the first time ever I was served fried wontons and sweet/sour sauce in a Chinese restaurant.  Like chips and salsa.  Without asking.  It was odd.  And I didn't really want them.The steamed dumplings are very good.  Thumbs up.  I also had "The Dragon and The Phoenix" at the server's suggestion (prawns and chicken with pepper, peapods, baby corn, and mushrooms) and really enjoyed it - and the brown rice that came with it.  The mushrooms in it were particularly flavorful - YUMMMMMMM.  Portions are very good sized, so there was plenty to take home, and the price extremely reasonable.  I like that they're open until 11:30 on Fri and Sat.  Makes things a bit easier after you've been schlepping around the city all day getting stuff done.
Being a member of the tribe and so charmed by the Chinese-American restaurant association's lovely Letter to the Jewish People (happyplace.com/13009/chi…) when my holiday went all pear-shaped and Traditions were Trashed the only thing to do was to order Chinese on Christmas. After reading several Yelp reviews comparing Hunan Delight favorably to my own personal standby Mr. Wonton I decided to see if I would in fact be Delighted. Overall, I was at least Greatly Pleased. I have to say they delivered hot and tasty renditions of American Chinese standards -- very good General Tso's and Scallion Pancakes with a note of 5 Spice Powder added to the dipping sauce that gave it a distinct and delicious note -- and gave the Malaysian Curry Noodles a surprising amount of heat that made this 4 star review a no-brainer.
So my husband had been in Brooklyn before when he was a single young lad 15 yrs so and was excited to be visiting Brooklyn again after all those years.  We haven't had very good Chinese food since we moved to Boston.  So I was completely stoked to walk by this place!  We walked in and decided that we are going to order general tso's chicken because in Boston it does NOT exist!  It was exactly like how I remembered it.  The chicken was crispy and the sauce was spicy whole tangy at the same time.  We also ordered fried rice with beef and that was really good also.  The only thing I was slighty let down was the table next to us had the same fried rice and they had huge pieces of beef and ours was kinda skinny.  The chicken lo mein we ordered was good also.  You can taste the soy sauce and I like having bite sized chicken instead of huge chunks that you have to cut up with your knife.  The only thing that I didn't enjoy was the pork dumpling.  I ordered it steamed and I was expecting to see dumplings that had the skinny wonton skin with a good amount of stuffing.  Well the skin was thick and not appetizing since it was doughy when I bit into it. The pork filling by itself was good when I tasted by itself.   Overall, my experience with the food there was good and satisfied my craving for good Chinese food that I haven't had for like a decade.  We will definitely visit this place when we are in Brooklyn again!
Hunan Delight came to my door in a weird way. Or maybe not so weird, anymore. A while back, I was on twitter, happily #LOFNOTC-ing away, when I realized that it was getting late, I was hungry, and I had NO IDEA what I wanted to eat. We lofnotc-s are a friendly bunch, so I did what any sensible twitterfreak would do: I polled my community to determine my cuisine of the evening (Chinese edged out Ethiopian, largely because I mistakenly believed my local Ethiopian place wouldn't deliver). I even let someone else determine the menu. My only guideline: no pork. I was curious to see what I would end up ordering at the behest of another twitterer, and figured it was a pretty decent way to check out Hunan Delight for the first time as well. The menu: Eggroll, fried rice, sweet &amp; sour chicken. The food arrived pretty swiftly and plenty hot (aside from the sweet &amp; sour chicken which could have used a slight temp boost). The eggroll was delicious and spicier than I expected. Their veggie fried rice is okay. I think perhaps I'm just not a fried rice fan. Their sweet &amp; sour chicken was awesome though...
I live in the North Slope and this is the Chinese restaurant I order delivery from the most.  The food is solid, but nothing spectacular (which is how I feel about Chinese in the Slope in general).  I actually find the food in general at Mr. Wonton to be of better quality, but most of my business goes to this place because of their Scallion Pancake app.  They're irresistible  --  nice and big -- crispy on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside, flavored with a hint of cinnamon. And unlike most other restaurant scallion pancakes that are thick and gummy, this one flakes apart in your hands and is fun to eat.  The only downside is that it's often a bit greasy (paper towels can help) and has gotten salty over the past couple years (try skipping the dipping sauce). But I still love them and can never get enough.  Other things I order frequently include their ribs (nice and meaty) and their moo shoo whatever, which has a unique smokey flavor that I don't find in other chinese restaurants' moo shoos.  I find their entrees such as General Tsaos too sweet and gummy and if I am in the mood for something like that, I plan to order from Mr. Wonton.  But then I realize I can't have my scallion pancake, and Hunan Delight  gets my business yet again.....
Awesome General Tso's delivery, and giant menu.  Also the portion's are good, you get a solid amount of food but it's not overwhelming.
This place is a treasure! SO truly vegetarian friendly! They have an entire section of their menu that is vegetarian and no fear of any meat or meat products getting into our meal. They have a lovely outdoor area for dining and they are family friendly, custom-making kid-friendly chopsticks banded together for easy use. The food is delicious. The staff is attentive and friendly. The bathrooms are really clean. A little more expensive than your average take-out Chinese food, but this is a quality sit-down place. Veggies are never overcooked and everything is fresh. Yummy!
Lunch specials are pretty reasonable. The food was a better than your standard Chinese take out in New York. I tried the Kung Pao chicken and the Sesame chicken, both of which were decent.
I'm completely addicted to their vegetarian General Tso's chicken. Actually, everything on their vegetarian menu (which is quite large) looks amazing. But the faux General Tso's has crept into my dreams, and occasionally haunts me throughout the day. I crave it constantly; the crispy, chewy little balls of fried tofu, and the spicy-sweet sauce with just the perfect amount of garlic caressing your tongue and infiltrating your nostrils... MUST. EAT. NOW.
although i'm new to the area, this is the best chinese food i've had in New York.  Great area, charming service, nice atmosphere.the scallion pancakes are amazing and the crispy honey chicken is amazing.
Man, let me tell you guys about this place!!! Whenever I'm craving  delicious steamed shrimp dumplings, I will walk the 7 blocks to get it from Hunan Delight! Their food is just all around good. Ok, so back to those dumplings. First of all the dough is just delightful! The filling is chocked full of shrimp and watercress and the dipping sauce is good although I find myself not even using it sometimes. An order of six of those bad boys are enough to make my belly full. Their other dishes are good especially the broccoli rabe and the fried rice. Even the vegetarian options are tasty. A vegetarian can come here and eat lovely! The food is fresh and it doesn't have that weighed down greasy taste that many Chinese spots can have. I consider this place a lil more upscale in my opinion in terms of location. But the prices are decent and they have a nice lunch special. Don't sleep on this place and take a stroll into this spot and get to chomping!
This place is incredibly quick, and although americanized versions of chinese food, tastes better than a lot of the other chinese food places nearby.  This has become my go-to chinese restaurant if only for the fact that it is pretty consistently good and the food is ready SOOOO FAST for takeout.  I can call getting off the train and have it be ready by the time I get there 10 minutes later.  I do agree with some of the other reviewers that it is americanized and the potstickers were mushy, but in general, this place is pretty good (I have been back, which is more than I can say for other places).
Um, i'm kindof in love with Hunan Delight. So much that my friends make comments about my adoration for it. So, i have a problem. Do i care? no. It's always so delicious, and even when i branch out from my usual and try other things (but the sesame chicken is soooo good...my favorite) it's always so good. Between my husband, my friends and myself we've tried a good number of dishes, and we've all been satisfied, and never had a bad meal.Now this is really putting me in the  mood for some Hunan Delight....
My favorite Chinese delivery of the area. The lunch special is a pretty good deal. I love how many vegetarian dishes they have. Brown rice at no extra charge? Thank you! Also, it's SUCH a treat to be able to get  their vegetarian won-ton or hot and sour soups. I've missed those soups oh so much since becoming vegetarian and now I can slurp it up without a guilty conscious!Note: Don't be turned-off by their very terse reception when calling in a delivery. I think it's more about efficiency than about them hating your sesame chicken guts.
I foolishly waited a year to try this place. The vegetarian General Tso chicken is extraordinary.
I ate here for years without any problem, but just recently returned and got pretty violently ill after ordering the Coconut Curry Vegetarian Chicken.
Good service and atmosphere; however the food was only okay.   As the review indicated, the scallion pancake was good. We ordered shrimp with black bean sauce and general tso's chicken as main dish.  They weren't bad but just bland....
I have yet to find a better Chinese-American restaurant than this one in nyc. My husband and I've been coming here since 4 years ago and we get the same dish every time - Sesame Chicken. It's not cheap Chinese food (sesame chicken-$14) but wouldn't you rather pay a few more bucks for good quality? I also don't feel gross after eating a meal here because you're actually eating chicken and not fried batter.
We had our Mapa Tofu, Hot & Sour Soup, and Shrimp with Mixed Vegetables delivered to our home yesterday. I must say, the deliveryman was nice and the food was hot and ready to eat. The vegetables were fresh and loved everything about our meal. I just wish the Hot & Sour Soup wasn't as vinegary...but other than that, I'd definitely order from them again.
We have lived in the neighborhood for ten years and this is our go-to Chinese but, did they get new owners? the sauce is definitely the greasiest we have ever had, and the shrimp are minuscule, not the usual tonight...
I find the wanton soup broth here particularly clear, light, and fresh tasting.  In addition, I order their vegetarian spicy sesame "chicken" of my own, free, omnivore will.  That's saying something.Food 6 + ambiance 5 + value 7 + service 6 = overall 6.0 / 10 (decent)
My new go-to place for greasy (but not too greasy) Chinese food. I ordered the General Tso's combo and it was great - much better than the same dish at Mr. Wonton.
I have been to every Chinese restaurant imaginable and I couldn't quite find that one restaurant that food made me want to keep coming back. I found that place when I ate here! it is amazing. you have to eat here!!!!
Their dumplings are amazing. The rest of their food is excellent as well. They are quick to deliver, even all the way over towards Windsor Terrace. I have never been remotely disappointed. They're a standby for a reason. Get the dumplings.
I really love and enjoyed the food here.... the dumplings were good my bf had chicken and shrimp and I had the honey chicken and we loved it.. the setting is very nice and the waiters are very polite
Best Chinese in Brooklyn. Hands down. Good meat, tasty selection, scallion pancakes, and good chance you won't finish so you will have left overs for tomorrow.
Nice corner Chinese food spot; the food was good, the atmosphere was minimal.
Good, solid Chinese food.  Great for delivery.
1 out of 4 because of the 4 dishes we ordered 3 were inedible, worst Chinese I've had in a while.
After trying so many different Chinese places all over Brooklyn, I can safely say this is the best one. I like my Chinese spots to be a little on the dive-ier side, and Hunan Delight is certainly not a dive, but it's also very reasonably priced, so I can't complain. The staff is super attentive and really friendly. You have to try to hunan chicken if you like spicy food. There's never a wait for a table either, which is awesome. Check it out!
No chinese restaurant meal is complete unless you find a hair in your food! I had an eyelash in my wonton soup. My sister said it was good luck and that it could have been far worse. I cross my fingers and pray to God that it was not a nose hair. Gross!But I'm nasty so I ate it and enjoyed it. Hunan Delight was quite delightful. They've got one of those Yelp round stickers already so that's better than any health inspection or Zagat rating right? The tables are small. This is the type of place where you get individual servings. Hello! Why does the East Coast not embrace the concept of "family style"? Oh well. On a Saturday, Hunan Delight offers lunch specials which is awesome because what a deal you get your dish, rice and soup for $6. These are ample servings on modern rectangular white plates. The chicken with green beans was outstanding. The beef szechuan style was pretty good with loads of carrots and celery. I would have preferred Mongolian Beef but that was not on the menu. The beef was only a little spicy. The soup was good even if it did have a hair in it and for appetizer we got fried pork dumplings. They were miniature and the kind you can find at 99 Ranch or the RIP International Market in Jersey City. Good stuff with the soy sauce and vinegar.I will come back to Hunan Delight. They accept American Express and I feel fancy when I eat there.
Best take out Chinese spot in down town Brooklyn for sure. Have been ordering for years and the food is always consistent and delicious. Order it  now, in 25 minutes youll see what Im talking about. Sleeper pick #111 Chicken w/ Hot Pepper Sauce w/ Peanuts- Real fresh vegggies in this dish with a solid spicy kick.
It's american chinese, greasy and delicious. I love the fried pork dumpling, and pork chow fun.... Mixed veggies were also good, and everyone liked the egg roll. I'm a fan....
It was a rainy day and I was craving Chinese.  I looked up Yelp reviews and decided to order from Hunan Delight.  I am a vegetarian so based on other Yelp reviews I ordered the Vegetarian General Tsao's "chicken", Vegetarian Dumplings and vegetable lo mein noodles.  The restaurant estimated 30 minutes but the food arrived 15 minutes later!  It was piping hot and everything was delicious especially the "chicken".  So glad I have this spot close by.
