NOT A DINE IN that they haven't mentioned. . Went there for Jersey only to find out it's only a take away.  The food was very average and not the level of Dehli food that they claim.  We ordered  chicken biryani mutton biryani and chicken and beef kabobs.... mutton in biryani stinked. Kabobs were too spicy rather than chat pata... giving them 2 bc of service and they are better than Dera
5 stars for amazing chicken kebabs and chicken patties. Its a tiny hole in the wall but the quality of food is what I am loving here.
The staff is friendly and the food is alright. however they are very pricey for such small portions. Overall not worth what I paid
This is my favorite kebab place in NYC. Whenever my friends visits from other state I always bring them here. Always the best, counter staffs are friendly and helpful.Every time you visit this place surprise you with different dishes. Has lot of variety, love the roti, one of the very best place to try the goat meat. Gola kabob is the special part, please don't miss it. Close to the subway, open until 4am, only disadvantage is only 3seats at this place. Highly recommend for folks who love meat and kebab.
I never write reviews but this place deserves it.  I had the chicken kabad and chicken samosas and the goat curry with rice and it was phenomenal.  This is the best indian/pakistani place in all of NYC by far.  But the reason i am writing this review is because i was eating my meal on the bus bench outside as there was no room to sit down and eat in the restaurant and the gentleman in the store offered me to have a seat in the back of the restaurant as he saw me freezing on the bench outside.  That reason alone is why you should come to this fine eating establishment.
This grungy, fluorescent-lit takeaway shop is little more than a back kitchen with a display of curries at the front. There are two stools for eating in, but used plates and napkins aren't cleared and kind of define the scene.The curries look rich and squidgy (exactly how curries should look!) and I don't doubt that they do great catering. The two things we ordered were OK:- Gola kebab is a Pakistani dish and Kababish's specialty: meat pulverized with spices into paste, formed into a sausage shape, and grilled. I'm not sure what meat they used, but it is legit pureed: the texture is akin to pate. You'll even find a string in your kebab (don't be scared) since the whole thing disintegrates on the grill otherwise. Spiciness level was good, but they're incredibly heavyhanded with the garam masala/coriander seed. There wasn't much grill flavor, either - the meat was more a blank vehicle for spice paste. It was almost a waste of meat + a grill.- The garlic naan was also just all right, despite being freshly made with sliced garlic and cilantro and slathered with butter. The garlic turns sweet and gentle. But the naan itself was too doughy, with a texture more like Greek pita than the textural, bubbly glory that I want from fresh naan. The naan from nearby Delhi Heights beats this one, hands down.It's not as cheap as it could've been. One gola kebab (crammed into a 8oz container) was $6, garlic naan $2.50 - similar to prices at sit-down restaurants with choicer real estate.Open 24 hours. Service was very friendly. During a downpour, a steady stream of locals came in to pick up dialed-in orders while we waited for our food. Not a single order included gola kebab or naan. Their regular kebabs are probably a better bet.
The prices here have increased but they're still totally on point. I always get the chicken tikka. The chicken is firm and boneless yet still juicy. I've had there signature kebab, it too is delicious but beware of the spice. The owners are friendly and they accept credit card with a minimum. There's no seating here so get carry out. Yum!
We ordered for our 15th Wedding Anniversary & Vow Renewal Reception; We love it and really enjoyed the food really tasty , we strongly recommended Kababish foods in Jackson Heights, New York.
The best chicken samosas ever!!! I never knew these existed until one fateful day last summer when I happened upon the yelp review. I crave these things. I will drive from Williamsburg, Brooklyn and buy a dozen (I especially love when they are freshly fried). The kebabs are delicious too but make sure you order the naan as well ( I thought the kebab came with the bread but it's literally only a kebab with onions, lettuce and yogurt/mint sauce). Both kebab and naan are made to order so they are super fresh and delicious. Great find!!!!!
Really good food. Unlike other Pakistani restaurants they were not stingy with food and everything was fresh.
A friend brought biriyani and some other food from this place.  After eating the biriyani and some chicken dish my daughter and other family members got food poisoning!  Plz be careful with food here.
I wouldn't try and eat much there.  The employees are very rude and cat call.  The food is lacking tasteThere store is very small. It 1/2 the size of my roomNot only that. The equipment are dirty and u can see the black on the fire house thingy They do NOT WEAR GLOVES. and then they touch money.
This was my 4th or 5th attempt at trying to enjoy South Asian cuisine and based on the other Yelp reviews I saw, this looked like a good place to try.When I got there there was a bit of a line and like some of the other Yelpers had mentioned, it was crowded, service was slow...and rude. I was the only woman there, and in the eternity it took to place my order and get my food,  local men regularly pushed past me and went to the counter to order. When I finally got to the counter, the guys behind the counter blatantly ignored me and took orders from some of the men behind me instead. I was really annoyed at this and should have just left (especially when I saw how DIRTY that floor was) but since I had waited so long to order I decided to just tough it out.When I finally placed my order, a garlic naan and a beef kebab, it then again took forever to get my food. They did seem really busy and a lot of guys were coming to pick up food they had ordered by phone and if it wasn't for the rudeness mentioned before I wouldn't have minded as much.Anyway, the naan was very bland and underwhelming. Even with all those chopped pieces of garlic I saw on it, it did not have much of a taste. As for the beef kebab, well I couldn't eat it. Like I mentioned above, I've tried to eat and like South Asian cuisine before but I just can't. It's a matter of personal taste I guess but that heavy masala taste most of the food has is just too much for me. And they were definitely heavy handed with the masala in that kebab. So I cannot say if the kebab was good or bad for someone who would actually like the taste.If the naan was good, I might have gone back just for naan. But since it wasn't, the service was awful and seeing how dirty the place was, one time at Kabbish was more than enough for me.
The food is yummy. I got the wrap and chicken patty. Wait can be long because they're usually poppin' and busy, but it's because they make the food for you on the spot. You gotta be pro-active and place your order, it's busy so workers won't hold your hand through the process, don't be shy! Maybe not the best place for germaphobes because they're pretty hands-on with their food, but if you're used to community hole in the walls, give this place a shot. Bare bones interior tho, Just 2 stools for seating, so take it to go. The hours are a plus!
It's similar to kebab, but not quite. In that sense, it's Kabab-ish. Kabab-esque. Kabab-lite, maybe? Or pretty heavy as it turns out.For my second Queens food review, it's one of my worst food experiences in Queens. I have to say though, that I did all my least faves and mediocres in Brooklyn and Manhattan and it took ages... there were 40 or 50 in each borough. In Queens... there were *six* bad ones. That's it. And that's out of a total of more places I've tried in Queens than I've ever tried in Bklyn or Womanhattan. Wow. Queens is freaking awesome dude. And none of my Queens places get 1 star, either.So Kababish... I got the Gola Kebab that everyone recommended, and not only did it miss the gola, the ball went out of the stadium. It tasted like some sort of sludgy nastiness. I couldn't eat it. It was tied up with string, so I un-did the string and tried to eat it and wanted to puke. Maybe it's just not my thing. I'd give it a 3 because it's a family business, but it took a good 30 mins to wait for this kebab when they said 10 or 15, which meant I had to skip a bunch of other places I wanted to try. But everyone should try it and see if you hate it as much as I did.Ahh never mind. I don't have the heart to give them less than a 3. They were too nice. Be warned, though. You may hate this beloved mooted Gola.
parathas are amazing, just like mom makes. not crazy about anything else. (than again, i dont really care for kababs)!! I suggest calling your order in, my bf usually ends up waiting awhile for take out
Hungry and in Jackson Heights at 3:00 am? No problem. After coming home from a job, had to drop off the car, I was famished. This little gem popped up on the radar and decided to try it out after seeing a ton of people coming in and out. The smell radiating from the meats was intoxicating. We tried to Gola Kebab and the Chiken Kebab with fresh made naan and paratha, Raita and salad. It was SO JUICY and tender, cheap and fast. Not to mention they're friendly. I can't wait to go back and try more!
What can I say for $11 on a dinner for two?  It was a memorable meal.  We had the gola and beef kebab to go.  Everything was individually wrapped in its own aluminum foil and the garlic naan was on a styrofoam plate.  It was nice and dry and adequately packed so the sauces didn't spill.  I like the deliberate packaging, so that everything stays dry as well as retains its freshness. I was not a big fan of gola kebab (reason being that this kebab was very soft and super spicy).  Both kebabs were flavored with onion and strong herbs.  These choices were really tasty.  The meal came with three small containers of slow burning spicy  yogurty sauce.  It was great.  I thought my beef kabab went well with the garlic naan for $2.50.  The garlic naan was definitely made with 100% real garlic, and it is great if you like huge cloves of garlic, the herb, not the powdery stuff.   The oven roasted garlic naan was amazing.  The flavor is overwhelming!  I always pass by this place and wonder if I should try it...and I did!  I am so glad that I came here. I guess the reason for the loss of a star was the fact that it is a grab-and-go kind of place, so it's quite cozy and small with two seats and a small metal side table.  It is close to the 74th street train stop.  It has 7 staff workers working inside.  They accept all kinds of credit cards.  Cars are double parked to grab some food to go for their family dinners.  It is a small hole-in-the-wall joint, but don't underestimate the awesome finds.  I am absolutely going to come back.
Hole in the wall but amazing food!! Highly recommend the freshly baked naans, chicken kebabs and gola kebabs!!!! Oh not to forget the keema naans!!! Consistent quality and taste every time I visit it.
I used to come here for the occasional curry. Taste was ok. And I never expects white glove service from a hole in the wall kinda place this is. But the new younger guy who serve the front today treated me like a lost fart that he just wanted to get rid of. He didn't bother to explain much of the menu when I asked. Come on, you think everyone in the world should know intimately your menu of Pakistani cuisine??? I can see the same owners/chefs cooking in the back so hope the food quality is the same but I'm not coming back here to be treated this badly. Skip and go to another place in Jackson heights.
70% of the times they've given me spoiled food (especially haleem and nihari). Their naan are thick as american bread and swear totally tasteless and kebabs are HUGE but full of pockets of spices which makes eating extremely impossible and extremely full of spices. TOTALLY TASTELESS FOOD. NOT A FAN ANYMORE. AND THEY ARGUE OVER IT LIKE A SPOILED DONKEY KE BATCHE.
Nice place to come to get kababs. 1) I got the gola kabab, beef haleem, and beef paya nihari. 2) All the items were good and affordable. 3) Only down side is the ambiance (dingy); and the food is packed with oil.
This is a hole-in-the-wall, workingman's lunch eatery that serves pretty good rolls, kababs, and curries. The food is authentic and cheap. The rolls are quite heavy, and make sure you ask for lime. It's standing room only, but best eaten right at the counter.
awesome hole in the wall restaurant, dirty looking as all hell, but food was great! business here is ridiculous, the workers must be stressed out / tired, cause they definitely do not stop here. there are only two seats in this establishment, which is okay since most of the people here order take out anyway.had the tawa kata kat after seeing it on bizarre foods with andrew zimmern, and I was not disappointed. they used a variety of spices and herbs, the ginger on the dish was a great compliment to the flavor, although i was slightly disappointed that there was not enough lamb brain. be warned though the dish itself is enough to feed three people, so don't try to take it on yourself in one sitting.along with this i had the garlic naan, which was baked fresh on premise, the dishes I had were done hot and fresh here, and it really showed when i bit into the dishes they prepared.that being said, this place is on the dingy side and extremely small, also they had food that they prepared and left out buffet style which I'm not really a fan of, but definitely come here if you want to eat what the locals are eating and to get an authentic experience
Service is atrocious. There is so much demand that the whole system (from order taking to getting the food is in chaos). Food though sigh, delicious. Meat is perfectly cooked, go with the more expensive options than the standard kebab (I got the chicken bihari, do not regret it).  Ask for the spicy option as well.
man there is chaos and it's slow as a mother-F-er. BUT the food is truly fantastic. so good that i overlook my usual insistence on fast or at least ordered service. these guys are insane they're all over the place no one will take your order you wait forever there are dudes streaming in and out picking up orders you have no idea how anyone knows anyone's anything and you just wait politely as they make you the beef sticks of some of the best marinated beef i"ve ever had and this like SPECIAL tea with sugar cream spices cinnamon it's unique and a must-have experience. chicken biryani, vegetable fritters, naan, everything is spectacular. we know, because this awesome dude in front of us the first time we went told us everything to get and he was a genius. PROPS dude never got his name but he was a good man
I saw this place on yhe food network..The Food is amazing!!! I like stopping by this place for lunch or dinner..
I love their Kebab rolls..It is well spiced, freshly made and very juicy...!!It is a gem for kebababs...love their goola kebab, chicken shish kebab and boti kebab...Been coming here for years and never disappointed..Btw it is a take out place and after you order they will start cooking in front of you.... Hope they remains the same..
A good meaty but uncooked Kabab at a price similar other places around. Naan were too dry and felt like rubber. Bad customer service.
Food here is awesome. Stopped in on my food adventure and ordered the chicken kebabs, beef kebabs, vegetable samosas, chicken samsosas, and a garlic naan. Unfortunately, they were out of lamb kebabs. The beef and chicken kebabs were hot, fresh, and spicy. Spicy enough for me to call it spicy means it's probably too spicy for many people, but I greatly enjoyed it. They were cooked as I ordered, I could see the guy putting the seasoned meat mixture on the skewer then throwing it on the grill. The samosas were premade and reheated, but they were good. As usual, I still like the potato stuffed vegetable samosas more than the chicken one. I think the samosas at Rajbhog in Jersey City are still better though.The garlic naan was made fresh to order. Mine went straight from the tandoor, to foil, to my mouth. It was excellent.Knocking a star off for service. For such a small spot, (standing room for less than 10) they need quicker service. People need to get in and out. I was ignored for a few minutes when the rest of the line had ordered (I like to think it's because I'm big and intimidating). Maybe keep some meat grilling and some naan baking since it seems like what everyone orders.
Usually crowded and the wait for food is seriously annoying but well worth it. The first time I went here, my order came out after 15 minutes but waiting to place it was a pain. The guy at the front seemed to have blinders on if you don't possess a Y chromosome. Anyway, 2nd visit, I messed up and came here during peak dinner hour + fast breaking time (Ramadan) so a normally 20 minute order stretched to about 46 minutes. But... the gola kabab was sooooo good it made my eyes water. E liked his chicken kabab even though it was still spicy (after I specifically told them to make it as mild as possible). Cheap prices and huge portions. What's not to love? (wait times aside)Takeout/pick up option is better as there are only 2 counter seats.
Awesome chicken kababs. Great naan.
I went to this place because it was in weird eats. The kababs were mouth watering. The naans were not soft and very tough to eat. This place knows kababs. I hate to give it a 4 stars but I feel I should because its so dirty. That's the only thing that prevents me from going back. It doesn't hurt to wipe down the glass with some Windex and mop the floor. Everyone who wants to taste some authentic kababs should visit this place at least once.
I love their kebab rolls. There no secret order. It is what it is. The meat in the roll is large enough for the full size of naan stuffed with onions and lettuce. You cannot go wrong. Yum!!
This is a hole in the wall take out place. The food here is delicious and flavorful! After trying it out a few times we decided to have them cater for my husband's sisters wedding. The guests raved about the food and we were so happy because what do people remember about weddings? FOOD! Def 5 stars!!!
This is where you should come for your samosas and kabob carry-outs. The flavor and spice are perfect, the service not so much. It's not a sit in place, so don't make plans to bring large groups.
Great food for the price. Their lamb chops are not exactly the typical lamb chops you get at afghani or Turkish place.
Good for fast food kabab. U gonna get the uthenticity of kabab. Sometimes the rice gets sligtly stiff.  Seems like a day or so old kind but may be its my perspective only. Over all u get what u paid for.
5 words for you. Golo kebab delicious & freaking hot! Be open minded and be prepared.
The tikka and biryani were awesome. we were craving desi food while in town and headed straight here. However, the second time my sister got biryani from here while on her way to Laguardia and caught real bad food poisoning, which is very disheartening because the biryani was awesome the first time we tried it. I will still give this place 3 stars because the seekh kababs and chicken tikka are pretty awesome. Call ahead for the chicken tikka as they make it fresh for you and it takes about 15 minutes to make.
Excellent. Best kabobs I've had in the States!!!! Extremely tasty, a little spicy and made to order. Friendly staff members, cheap prices and very authentic. What else could you ask for? Check this place out and I promise you will love it.
Wow just tried Kababish for the first time. OMG. Delicious. I tried Kata-Kat. Sautéed goats liver brains and kidney. This dish isn't for everybody, but it's darn good. The also have kebobs for the less daring. This place was on Andrew Zimmerman. Great place
Best Pakistani food in nyc. Authentic, delicious, and very flavorful. Get the haleem, biryani, and any korma! This isn't a dining in spot - they do catering and take out. They do have like two stools in case you're looking to have a quick bite.
Legendry chicken biryanni, the spices is sooo good. The flavour of this biryanni is so good. Def. A must try for spice lovers.
What deliciously filling kababs! It's spicy, but absolutely worth the burn.It might be an acquired taste but I really didn't understand the gola kabab. It was just really, really mushy meat with pieces of string in it that you're to pick out prior to eating. It costs about 4 times as much as a regular kabab but I didn't like the texture or taste at all. The regular chicken kababs though are incredible with naan and yogurt sauce. It felt like I was in kabab heaven with each juicy bite..I was actually at work and falling behind.I would love to come back one night for fourthmeal.
This is a really tiny take-away joint. If you're getting here especially to try the Gola kababs, you might have to consider standing on the road and eating it or taking it back home & risking the fact that by that by the time you reach, it'll be stone cold and lose some of its flavor. We tried the Gola Kababs (beef) and Chicken tikka and both were very good. Never had the Gola kabab before (it's a Pakistani specialty and haven't heard of it in India) and it was really spicy, but delish. Try it with the naan - makes a great meal. The chicken tikka was pretty good too, spicy  and well done. We asked for a chicken biryani as well, but they forgot to give it to us. By the time we checked it was too late to go back. Check your bag before you leave their premises.
I can't believe yelp only has 50 reviews of Kababish. This kebab place is much MUCH better than any kebab place in Manhattan. Their food tastes and smells a lot better than the pictures shown on yelp. All kebabs and flatbreads are freshly made and grilled inside their authentically made super brick oven/grill! DO NOT MISS THIS HOLE IN THE WALL!
Best gola kebab ever!  If your craving something meaty and spicy wrapped in deliciously wrapped and freshly baked naan - look no further !
One of the best restaurants in nyc.  Their food is cheap and very very good.  Try beef gola kabab, chicken seekh kabab and chicken biryani.  However,  this is only a takeout restaurant.   One tip:  beef gola kabab and other food is spicy.
After momos at Tawa Food, I made the short walk around the corner to here for a Gola Kebab. It is quite a meal. A long cooked piece of meat, falling apart with flavor, parts of it almost mushy. Put it on some nice crispy naan, delicious. Could be more spicy, but very good. Took a little while, naan was fresh baked. Not the friendliest place you will go to, but a good stop.
I would give them 5 stars if it was a bit more bigger and actually had a place to sit and eat. But then the portions would be smaller. In Jackson Heights, if you eat Halal and looking for good south-Asian food...THIS is where you go!! Food is always on spot during the day. Later at night, few times I did get bad food. Their chicken biryani is amazing! Their kababs are huge! Best "take-out" Indo-Pak restaurant in Jackson Heights at reasonable prices!
Compared to other South Asian restaurants that serve my usual chicken kebab and warm naan, this place hits it on the spot. The well cooked, good sizing of the kebab fits really well with the price. The naan is probably the best naan I've ever eaten. Not to mention that the prices are low!
Only thing I like about this place is amazing chai... It's just perfect! Food I personally did not like... Not such a great experience. But I'll never forget their chai
Awesome kababs, but their new kima-naan is my all time favorite. Tips: call and place the order ahead, it takes 20 mins to make it.
This place is the joint in Jackson Heights. A small pocket store hidden from the masses, not for the "faint of spice" as this is the way Desi food should be. From the kabobs, to the grill tikka's and gravy dishes they all have a kick and I just love it. Cooking the way our food is meant to be cooked. A lil breakdown on the food or what i usually get. The kabobs, beef or chicken are plump, juicy and have a good kick. The tikka's spicy and large in size, one portion is good for 2-3 peeps but I could eat the entire container. That is how much I love this food. Chk makani, the western way is to make it sweet, the kabobish way is to make it spicy. The only thing I don't like is the Nan, very thick and soggy and over chewy once it's wrapped in foil. You gotta eat the Nan literally right after it comes out of the tandoor. Overall the food is outstanding and worth the money and sometimes the wait( for some reason regardless of the time they tell you on the phone it still takes longer). Be advised the restaurant might look unsanitary but I don't give a hoot cuz the food makes up for it.
Squealing like a little girl, he agitatedly got up from the metal stool and held up the thread he had just discovered in his Styrofoam plate."I didn't expect this place to be very hygienic", said Boss-Man. "but, is this your way of sticking it to me?""Relax. That thread is supposed to be there", as I explained the dish to him: 'Gola Kabab' is the softest (and perhaps most delicious) Kabab you can possibly have, with an absolute melt-in-the-mouth texture! (Since that day, Boss-man is also a big fan).The meat is minced (beaten into submission would be more like it), a plethora of fiery hot spices are added to it, it's put around the skewer and tied together with a string. Basically, the meat is so soft that it would fall off the skewer, if the string weren't holding it in place. You need to eat it hot off the skewer, otherwise the magic's gone.Kababish claims to be the first restaurant in North America to offer Gola Kabab, and I have no reason to dispute that assertion. This is (almost) a lost art with few practitioners remaining in India (Delhi) as most skilled 'Kababchi' (Kabab chef, much like a pizzaiolo) migrated to Pakistan at the time of India's independence from the Brits. The skilled kabab chef at Kababish is a humble, soft spoken, bearded gentleman from Karachi (Pakistan), who is respectfully addressed as 'Chacha' (Uncle) within the place. He is leagues ahead of other practitioners in the U.S. It's a skill that few fully appreciate. The Kababchi has to be both good at the proportion of spices used and knowing when to take the skewer out of the oven, to avoid it being over/under cooked. Chacha is simply brilliant. You can tell the difference between his work and that of the others, and so I don't advise anyone to come here on his day off (usually Thursday).Kababish is almost a catering kitchen (though by intent: a take-out restaurant) and sadly, there is no seating capacity like most 'street food' places in India and Pakistan. It has many claims of distinction, including the introduction of Haryali Kabab, and using charcoal to barbecue and bring out the smokiness in the meat. Other than Bihari Kabab (specialty of the nearby Kabab King Diner), they rule when it comes to Kababs.The food is consistently fresh, even for the curries that are on slow heat up front. Selection is limited to ensure rapid turnover. Some of these are greasy, but if you're in the mood for curry I do recommend the Chicken Achari, Karahi, Nihari, Brain Masala, and on the weekend: the Matka Gosht (slow cooked overnight for extra tenderness).Their desserts (Ras Malai and Carrot Halwa) are competent, though not the best around. But, you won't find Pakistani food in NYC as good as this. I was pleasantly surprised to see Jeff O's review as these guys don't hold back on heat. 5 stars to him for handling it, and appreciating the quality food, despite the obvious inconveniences (lack of : seating, wash room, table ware, etc. etc.). He knows exceptional value when he sees it!Be nice to "Chacha". You too will walk away bowled over by his hospitality, and craft.
I'm not really impressed by their kebabs. To me, they use too much spices (maybe it's authentic) in kebabs, and even salad. Their naan is great though. Hope they can have a larger and cleaner space.
Delicious food. I can taste home in every bite. Affordable price for students. The portions are pretty good. I can get two to three meals out of every dish which is a relief in this city. They really don't have seating. It is best to call in advance with your order and pick it up since the service is slow and the place is usually packed with customers waiting for their food. I wish they had seating, the service was faster and the place was cleaner. The staff is friendly though.
The Gola Kabab is pure heaven. I have honestly never had any kabab (or really meat product) as insanely delicious as this. It's spicy, it's tangy, it's flavorful, it's ridiculously big (seriously, the skewer is 12" long and about 2" wide) and you will not need to eat meat for years.I am still fantasizing about that kabab now. Most delicious thing of meat ever.
The Gola Kabab has been made much less spicy and has increased in price over the past few years, this is true.  The bihari and chicken kababs are still amazing.  A year ago (after spice downgrade but before quality downgrade)  or 2-3 years ago, I may have given this place 4-5 stars. This is still a great kababish. However, their service has gotten worse (possible?) and the food less consistent as well.  Cleanliness was never a strong suit but it makes itself more apparent when you are waiting 15 before the service even acknowledges you.  This has happened to me when I was the only customer in the little place.
Pretty good in terms of flavor but I waited for about 20 minutes until my food was packed. The lady let other locals get their food first, which I felt slightly discriminated! For a take out only place, the price seems a bit high.
My boyfriend saw this place featured on Andrew Zimmern's show, so he bookmarked it. It's open 24 hrs, so if we ever get hungry, we can always come here. Plus, we love saying tawa-kata-kat, and would always scream it at each other. Tawa-kata-kat was one of the dishes featured on Zimmern's show. It's minced goat brains, kidneys and hearts. I'm not a fan of innards at all because I hate the metallic taste. However, I'm a pretty adventurous eater, and I've never had brains before, and my boyfriend doesn't mind eating hearts and kidneys, so we ordered this dish in addition to the gola kabab, the chicken kabab, and the naan. The tawa-kata-kat took 45 minutes to prepare. Was it worth the wait? I'm not sure. It was nicely seasoned with lots of ginger and other spices, but I really tasted the kidneys and heart! My boyfriend loved it though and he was literally orgasing when he ate it. The gola kabab was really odd. The texture was that of pate. It was tasty, but I'm not a fan of the texture. The chicken kabab was delicious. I would come back here to get more the normal fare such as biriyani and other kababs. This place is really a hole in the wall, with 3 seats on the left side, and when you order, you can see a bunch of men preparing the foods in the back. It's kind of dingy looking, but these are the only places where you can find great food.
The gola kebab was not as spicy as I remember it. Maybe they read these reviews? Regardless, it was still delicious but pricier than I remember at $5. Really enjoyed the chicken kebab (juicy and flavorful) and my boyfriend liked the beef. Also got to try the saag and chicken korma from the trays up front. Definitely preferred the kebabs.
This place is so good I was craving it the next day and had went 2 days in a row. Their chicken kabab and chicken tikka were on point! Only problem, and slightly large problem is the wait.. The place is so busy the wait for even a small order was over 30 mins. I called in my order in advance on day 2, got there after 30 mins went it and they didnt have the order :/ The price is very cheap so for the price and taste its worth it!
The name says it all! A small shop that specializes in various types of Pakistani Kebabs. If recommend checking out the chicken and beef kabobs with some garlic naan.
Kababish is more of a meat lovers paradise, but they have a couple tasty snacks a vegetarian can enjoy too! Don't worry, that naan on the counter is for display, not sitting around to be eaten. They make all their naan here fresh to order. Seriously, where else do you get that!?! The naan is freshly cooked to-order in front of your eyes using their oven. Honestly, the oven makes the texture a bit tough and chewy to eat on their own for me, but I really like to use them as wraps for other indian goodies. The flavored naans smell amazing. The garlic and onion are SUPER pungent. A vampire wouldn't come in a mile radius of your breathe after the garlic naan. Somehow, the Onion naan is even stronger and spicier! If suggest if you go for the garlic or onion naan, use them to pair with less spiced dishes. The sesame naan looks like it would pair perfectly with the spicier foods but they were out of sesame the last time I tried to order it. Unfortunately the vegetable rice is not actually vegetarian. The regular rice is vegetarian though :) The vegetable curry is vegetarian, but it really should be renamed "Potato Curry" because I didn't see any other vegetable in there. That being said, the flavors of the fresh spices were great. It had a lot less tumeric and coriander than I'm used to in Indian curries. It was also extremely oily. My picky boyfriend, Brian C., LOVES their kebabs. Did I mention he's picky? They must be good.
Got a chicken Karahi and it was very good and filling a little on the oily side but hey it's paki food so I guess that's expected. It was cheap and portion size was pretty big. This place is definitely a take out kind of place, with a small table and 2 stools. Went there during an off peak hour and worker was really nice and food didn't take long. I did see a gentleman come back to say his bread was still doughy but worker was nice and gave him a new one, Thankfully my bread was all good. I really wanted to get the brain liver kidney dish but it was a whopping 30 bucks and it's a regular portion size. Plus it takes 1 hour to make I believe, but come on seriously 30 bucks, if you go to a middle eastern deli those are the cheapest parts of the lamb. I understand it's NYC and I wouldn't be complaining if it was 20 but 30 is ridiculous. I will definitely be back however to try their kabob and if I like it I'll add the 5th star
Returned to try some of their chicken and beef kebabs. The chicken was juicy and spicy, while the beef kebab was too dry.  Loved the spices in all their food. Their samosas were all very tasty, but greasy. Now I gotta go back and try their curry. The yogurt sauce that comes with the kebabs are a lil weak - watery, so we used some of our Ronnybrook's yogurt and it was delish.
Kababish is a great takeout place, and easy on the wallet. I've been on many occasions, but just recently stopped over to try out the gola kebab. It was good, but I was expecting it to be spicier. I usually get their chicken kebabs, and they're just as spicy. They are a good deal less expensive too, at just $1.75. I order two of these and nan, it's a giant piece. Nan comes in your typical varieties, but they also have a sesame one that's nice.  I've sampled some of the other items, but this is my go to. Everything else looks good though. It gets busy around 7pm, you'd be better off going earlier.
Thank you to Yelper, Atif I, for a very detailed review of Kababish.  Bf went by to pick up 1 order of Gola Kabab.  I have to say, it was pretty darn good!  I'll be coming back again the future to pick up some more.I also found an old Serious Eats article on Gola Kabab:newyork.seriouseats.com/…Btw, there is a restaurant.com $25 certificate that can be used.  Also, Kababish also boasts themselves as the "first and only desi restaurant in NY with BBQ made on charcoal".
Yummy + inexpensive = My Kind of PlaceWe called ahead to order since Kababs are made fresh.  We ordered the regular Chicken kabab and the Gola (due to the rave reviews) to go.  The chicken was very juicy.  It had almost the texture of sausage but bursting with flavor.  Great deal for $1.75.  We had high hopes for the Gola Kabab ($5).  While it was a mouthful of spice and tender meats, it is definitely an acquired taste.  We've had more than our share of indian and mediterranean cuisines, so pakistani was a new territory for us.  The Gola Kabab is almost like a very fine meatball (threaded to keep it together on the stick).  The inside has texture of pate (accent mark).  It is spicy yet you can taste the depth of the spices within.  We also ordered the garlic naan and regular naan.  Both were served hot and fresh, fluffy, with the perfect mix of soft and crunchy.   We will definitely go back to try more meats on a stick.  We will probably skip the gola as we cannot handle the spice :XLast Note:  Credit Cards accepted for orders over $15.
Basically a small take out place. It is pretty busy with folks coming in all the time to pick up so I guess it must be good. They start making the kabab's only after you order so there is a small wait. They have biryani and other vegetable/meat dishes that you can also partake.The food is spicy to be careful if you are not used to the spices.Note the sitting area is a couple of stools. B
Very good staff... Kadai gosh and shekh kabab are the best over here..   A cup of tea over here is the best tooo .... :))
Best food ever ...really worth your time and money. Everything must try specially chicken charga and kababs....affordable prices with the taste can't be beat. Very friendly. I would recommend to any 1 who wants to try real pakistan barbecue. Don't forget the yogurt sauce. Don't forget they don't have dine in
It's one of my favor quick snack place at JH. might be a bit spicy for some people.
Neighborhood gem...explore their various offerings...a culinary journey and delight
Most reasonable and  delicious Kebabs hands down! Yes they are hot and spicy but also very flavorful. We ordered 4 chicken kebabs, Chicken tikka, 2 onion naan's, kulcha and a tea. It all came out to be $21...very cheap for the quantity of food you get.  The chicken was very tender. The onion naan has distinct taste of onion's and some other herbs and is HUGE in size...so beware of over ordering. It's a pick up place and looks like a small family run business. We tried to heat the naan when we got home but I would suggest against it. The naan looses it's softness and becomes hard and chewy if you re-heat it. I wanted to try the gola kebabs but realized that they only make gola kebabs with beef and I don't eat beef. However, they will make chicken gola kebabs on order (I think a minimum of 25 pieces). Didn't try anything with curry/sauce as it looked extremely greasy. Would want to try their biryani next time. Will surely recommend this place for all kebab/meat lovers out there.
The food is still good, my naan was a little too thin and crispy for my taste and they raised the prices (boo).
A solid 5 star review for awesome kababs. The gola kabab is my favorite. The bihari kabab and chicken kabab are also very tasty. Everything was spicy and bursting with flavor. Can't wait to come back!OH, and they have the best chai in Jackson Heights. Hands down.
Kababish has become a regular stop on my journey through life.  I have taken dozens of people there and they've all loved it.   Their specialty is the Gola Kabab and it is, hands down, the best kabab I have ever found.  The best way to eat it is to order it in a roll as it will come wrapped up ready to eat in a Paratha.   As a fair warning, this kabab is not for the faint of heart.  As others have mentioned, it is rather spicy but the flavor is simply amazing.The kababs are made to order, so if you're in a rush, call in your order and they'll have it waiting.There are all of two seats in the place so be prepared to stand, quite possibly on the sidewalk as I have done many times.
I have been a regular at this joint for over7-8 years +. by far this is One of the most , if not the most authentic Indian / Pakistani restaurants in the US. The seekh Kababs/ gola Kabab other tandoori delicacies are out of the world. Their Nihari  with fresh naans are the best you will ever have. I hope the quality continues to remain consistent. Definitely an A+ experience hands down.
The uncle behind the counter is perhaps the most happy old man I've ever seen at a restaurant.  He was really sweet and friendly, the kabobs were delicious and well priced.  My only complaint was that since there's not really any space to sit down (and we were super full from our culinary tour of jackson heights), we took our food to go...and didn't realize that the beef kabobs were a bit underdone until we sat down to eat them later.  No one got sick - but they were definitely iffy...
As you all know, I love me some Indian food. Today i was looking forward to it and decided to stop by here. But things didn't turn out as well as i had planned... I walked by the place and noticed the "Grade Pending" sign in the window. This definitely was not a good start to my lunch. Once i was inside, the lady behind the counter asked to take my order. I showed her a restaurant.com coupon i had and she said I could order whatever. After i placed my orders of kebabs, curries and breads, a guy in the back, who i guess was in charge, said i could only use the coupon for chicken or goat curry. The terms of my $25 coupon says that I have to purchase at least $35 to use it. The lady tells me that the curries are like $7. As much as i love Indian food, I'm not ordering $35 of it. What the hell am i going to do?!? Put it in the freezer and eat it til 2012?!? I had a choice to make. I ended up walking out based on principle and will eat lunch at one of the many other Indian restaurants in Jackson Heights. I hope you will too...
The gola kababs are deadly. I love spicy food but these kababs killed me. They should be reserved for TV shows or drunken dares. The gola kababs are made of finely minced meat with tongue searing fiery spices. I'm sure pepper spray has a lower scoville unit. The only thing hotter I ate was some crazy ass wings from Brooklyn. And that place was on Man vs Food.This restaurant is busy but the orders come out quickly. I guess this is considered fast food Pakistani Style. It's fun watching them shape the minced meat around the skewers and wrapping them with a string so it doesn't fall apart. Kababish is tiny but they have an interesting menu. Good stuff.
Best chicken tikka in the continents of north america and asia, and im sure the remainder of the other continents as well.  If you're looking for a place with 100 dollar a plate decor and actually terrible food, you should stick to some clown shop in manhattan, if youre looking for the best tikkas ever, this place is a national treasure.
Only giving this four stars because i was told when i got there that it takes an hour to make the tawa-kata-kat dish. The chicken kabobs and chicken naan were awesome, very SPICY. I like spicy and am accustomed to khmer, thai and other spicy foods on a regular basis. Make sure to ask for extra yogurt sauce, as it goes quick.
I tried to be productive today with Hana working, but a series of things got in my way.  Returning the phone I could not sell on ebay to Best Buy was a delay, and MTA was a series of delays that got me to Jackson Heights, my first multi service stop, to a closed store.  I only have pics and my first Jackson Heights experience to show for today.  My head is still shaking after Jackson Heights, because I want to visit again and again, so I can begin to process something I can comprehend.  I ate in a Pakistan place that was not a degree warmer than the outside even though a tandoori kept baking naan.  Where does all the tandoori heat go?  I see the baker flash his arm down the chimney to punch the naan dough to the inside wall of the tandoori.  He has to be quick so not to burn his arm and face, but I feel no heat.  I sat on my bucket as an alternative to the stools that would have placed my food at my knees on the little stainless-steel table along the wall from the serving counter to the window shared with the sidewalk.  The stainless ledge end to end was no more than four feet, and I was the only one eating though at times the space was shoulder to shoulder with people.  A mom who talked so much in Hindi to order I would have guessed she was feeling a several-generation family, but the results only feed her two boys who stared at me while mom ordered.  The little brother teased the older brother, "are you texting your g i r l f r e n d"  The food, mannerisms, and language of these people are very different from me, but the little brother "g i r l f r i e n d" comment was spot on with my life -- God Allah it was fun, food was great too.
Kababish transports you to a side street stall in Lahore or Amritsar. It's super authentic, way delicious northern Indo-Pak fare (more so Pak), in a ramshackle place off the Little India grid.I followed in the footsteps of Atif I. and had to get myself an order of the Gola Kabab, which as Atif describes it, is an extremely rare dish outside of Pakistan. The kabab is made of the most tender pulverized beef, spice, and green chilis that you can imagine. So delicate that it needs to be stitched together with thin strands of thread when cooking, only to be unwrapped upon eating. The experience was quite exciting and the taste was one to be reckoned with. I knew the kabab would be soft, but I never knew it would be THIS soft. I mean, seriously! It tasted like pure butter, spiked with a vengeful array of green chilis. Combine it with a simple plate of raw veggies and yogurt dipping sauce, and it was a decadent snack. Four stars for being unique and delicious. The one star shortfall from mere perfection is only due to the fact that I probably couldn't stomach such an intense (and greasy) kabab day after day. Be mentally prepared. One word: gola kabab.
This review is strictly for the gola kebab. I read about it a few times on here before sampling and it certainly lives up to the hype! A nice smoky flavor and a pasty consistency wrapped up in a buttery paratha wrap makes this a delicious and rich sandwich that I enjoyed immensely. As mentioned previously, but needs to be said again, it it so tender that its held together with string (still amazes me how tender it is). Still haven't tried their other options, but its hard to pass up such a rare delicacy!
Wow.  5 stars. Hot and spicy. Just melt in your mouth. Best I had in a long time
If you have to wait 45 minutes and still give 4 stars, just imagine how good the food is!!!! Only one advice, don't stand inside or you will smell smokyyy!!!! Call ahead, order your food and go 10 mins late-you will be fine and don't bother to argue with them if you don't get the food on time!! they don't give sh....t.  they have plenty of business!  I am still giving 4 stars- because it is so good!!!!!!!!! Btw, if you can't handle spice in your food, please don't bother going
"Hole-in-the-Wall" halal---which often indicates some of the best in the boroughs!  Kababish doesn't disappoint, no matter how crowded it gets. Their plump, juicy chicken kebabs are and always will be my "hot dog" of choice; hot they are, especially when their creators pack in extra cilantro and slip some chopped jalapenos in with the onions. It's $1.75 a piece, and you GET what you pay for.
Went to Kababish after seeing it featured by Andrew Zimmern on Bizarre Foods America Queens Ny.  Arrived at 2pm to try to avoid any crowds.  First and foremost for any fans of Andrew Zimmern out there,  this is a takeout place, as there are only two stools.  Plan accordingly.  We ordered the Tawa Kata-Kat which was the item Andrew Zimmern ate.  Also ordered the tandoori chicken, Garlic Nann and the Golal Kebab.  We were advised it would take 30 minutes to cook the Tawa Kata-Kat which is made to order.  You may want to consider calling your order in.  That was fine with us, as one of us went out to find some beers.  While waiting the two stools became available and we enjoyed the beers while watching the regulars come in and out.  Quite entertaining.  Even midafternoon this place is quite busy.  The wait was well worth it.  The Tawa Kata-Kat was incredible.  You must love exotic spicy foods to enjoy it.  The Garlic Nann was a perfect complement.  Also very much enjoyed trying the Golal Kebab.  Did not try the Tandoori Chicken but my friend said it was very good.  We were lucky to enjoy the food while sitting.  That is the only knock on the place, with only two stools.  If you are a tourist using the subway, try to come early or midafternoon.  Will definitely return to pick up an order of the Tawa Kata-Kat and Nann bread, and bring home to Glendale Queens.
I didn't like Gola Kebab as much as everybody else rave about it.  It's too spicy hot for me and maybe most people.  Instead, I love Haryari Kabab with no garam masala.  It's very mild taste and fresh grilled.  Their curry is super spicy hot.  So watch out if you don't like super spicy hot stuff.  This place is a great find in Jackson Heights.
OMG this place has the best kababs (North Indian kababs) EVER! AND it is ridiculously cheap, I don't think I've ever spent more than $5-7 here and I've always been full! The place is borderline "rustic" in appearance, but perfectly hygienic. If your don't enjoy your mouth being on fire from time to time, I wouldn't recommend this place to you. Spicy and delicious as hell though, so if that doesn't float your boat, that's too bad because you totally missing out.
So totally agree with the previous reviewI dont want to mention that the food is cheap or that the place isn't as pretty as it could be, as that might distract you from the rest of this review ;)Kababish is about food authentic, delicious and without frillsThe biryani I had was nearly perfect. But what makes a perfect biryani? Here is a primerBiryani is not one particular dish or recipe much like 'pie'Biryanis from the north and south of the subcontinent are very differernt. To me the northern biryani should not be dry in the mouth, yet it should not be slobbered with curry. The grains of rice should not stick to each other. The biryani must have the right amont of fat - enough to feel in the mouth but not see on your plate.The meat should stay on the bone while cooking- but it should be tender to the bite. The meat should be infused with the same spices and aroma as the rice - In a good biryani the meat and the rice are separated more by texture than taste or aroma.Biryani should be well spiced but delicately so.. anyyone who has chewed on a cardamom pod while eating a spoon ful of biryani knows what i am talking about.Biryani is something you are supposed to (tongue in cheek) eat more than your fill - like chinese buffet.Hence an important criteria for a good biryani is that it should sit well in your tummyAs you can probabaly guess I set some high standards for a biryani. and the biryani at this place is just right..Now let me tell you about the kababs' .. may be someother time.A rave review but still only 4 stars... thats cos Many things on the menu are not available most times. It is dissapointing to make up your mind .. ask for it and then being told that its not available... its even more dissapointing if this happens 3 times on a single visit. The saving grace is that even my fourth pick was delightful.
wanted lamb or goat kababs but were unavailable.  had beef and chicken kababs plus garlic naan instead.  chicken was better (juicier than beef).  garlic naan was really good (a touch of salt would have made it excellent) just as i remember from my travels in pakistan.  since it was midafternoon, i had the whole place to myself- lucky, as there are only 2 seats at the counter.  the day chef is from a town just south of passu.
This place is great for a quick meal on the go. I go here for kebab sandwiches all the time. You really can't go wrong with a $3 chicken kebab sandwich. I highly recommend if you're passing by.
My rating is based on food alone.  I tried various Pakistani Kababs and Kulchas here recently.  While this is not really a dining experience (it's just a small shop with two seats), it was truly one of the best kebabs I've ever had.  The Lamb was good quality and well-spiced.  It is also an excellent value, with many kebabs priced around $1.50 per piece (and they weren't small).
