Its the most legit Szechuan food one could find in the area. I am a regular here. Almost once or twice a week. I usually order off the authentic part of menu. Some of my favorites are: Double-cooked pork, Sliced pork with garlic sauce (try it it's really good), Fish fillet with chili oil (it's very good. But your stomach might disagree with you the next day lol)
I'd give this place 3.5 stars...its bordering on 4, but not quite there...one of the best take out Chinese joints in the area of Regs Park and Forest Hills.  Food is delivered super fast and is good.  Some times they are inconsistent in certain items, but overall 2 thumbs up.  I like the chicken with peanuts, beef and broccoli, egg rolls, etc.  You wont go wrong here especially if you are looking for that American Chinese take out experience.
There are multiple Grand Sichuans in NYC. This is not my favorite one, but it is very close to my home, always smells so good when I walk in to make a pickup, and is staffed by really lovely and professional people. I'm in no position to judge how authentic this place is, but I love the fact there's a handful of reviews from Caucasians saying this isn't genuine Sichuan food, while there's a review from a Chinese woman saying this place is legit. To each their own, I guess. I just know I love the numbing sting of Sichuan peppercorns and the yummy accentuating heat of red chilies. My favorite dishes aren't super adventurous: I adore the spicy chicken and Chinese broccoli, and the minced beef (or pork) with sour long beans is so good that I've actually attempted to ferment long beans in a spicy brine at the bottom of my closet in order to recreate the recipe at home. Thankfully, I don't have to cook it myself for the time being, when a superior rendition is just a few blocks away. I've had a number of other dishes. The whole braised fish is particularly memorable, but I had it as takeout and I think that's the type of dish you're far better off having tableside. The only dish I ever objected to was crispy pig intestine, but that's more a question of personal taste. I have fairly broad gustatory proclivities but just can't seem to warm up to offal and organ meats. I hope Andrew Zimmern forgives me. Anyhow, the fare here is solid and the service is great as well. It's a block from the train station at 67th ave, so it's also accessible. If you like spicy Asian flavor, this place is a great pick.
Delicious neighborhood gem serving authentic Chinese.  Always clean and flavorfully consistent. A definite go-to when I'm craving chinese food.
Brahhhh.  I ordered soup dumplings and what they sell is a regular dumpling with a soup dumpling look. Like seriously. Those are not soup dumplings! Everything else was tasty, I just felt robbed on my soup dumplings
What I ordered:Orange chickenPork dumpling soupEgg rollImpression:Overall impressed. The orange chicken had great texture and flavor. The soup was flavorful and had lots of dumplings. The egg roll was crispy and flavorful. The staff was attentive and the price was right. Will definitely make this a regular spot.
Great value for less price! This one is the Grand Szechuan's branch. The chili fish (Fei Teng Yu) with red soup was not so spicy and the soup is tasty if you like hot food. Chili pork (Yu Xiang Rou Si) was not authentic, because it was a bit sweet. Nothing special with the Chicken vegetable.
Horrible customer service. Disgusting receptionist. The wait for delivery is always longer than 40 minutes. They placed my delivery today and then just canceled me 25 minutes in my wait. Never going back. So upset.
Really great Chinese in Rego Park. Highly recommended.
2.5 stars.It was really just okay. We needed to take some family members to eat after they had been stuck waiting at the nearby hospital for hours. Since L's father wanted Chinese and this was the closest 4 star rated place, it seemed like a safe bet. They serve Chinese American and Sichuan food. Well I'm Chinese American but I'm not a fan of Americanized Chinese food in general, but L's family is used to it.We ordered a wonton soup  just for his father and we all shared the General Tso's chicken, Shrimp with Broccoli and a Shrimp with Lo Mein. I had a few pieces of the General Tso's chicken and it tasted a bit off. The lo mein was okay but it came with really small baby shrimps. The shrimp and broccoli was insanely salty in a brown sauce. The shrimp was a bit overcooked. The place was empty at first but after we received our food, some customers came in for take out. Service was good, refilled our water glasses multiple times. The food was really salty and sweet. I had a headache later at night and L's father had to check his sugar lvl before he went to sleep and it was quite high. I'd would've suggested an authentic Cantonese restaurant in Elmhurst, but this was within walking distance from the hospital.. I wouldn't return since I don't live in the area, but seriously the food was so salty that even fast food Chinese is a better option, I guess stay away from the Americanized menu and stick to the Sichuan side. I wouldn't have suggested this to my party that night since they would've been totally clueless and would've wanted the typical safe dishes regardless.
this is what I found in my mapo tofu . Metal!!! I have been their most faithful client .. not anymore!
This is our go to chinese spot in the neighborhood. Chicken chow mei fun and sesame chicken are the best! Not necessarily for the health conscious, but if you're looking for a cheat meal - this is a great option!
Living in Kew Gardens has been something of a chore where authentic Chinese food is concerned -- true, there is East Ocean Palace in Forest Hills, which is actually rather good on the dim sum front, but it's also very expensive (most entrees are at $18-20) and not that appealing to a chili-head who craves spicier fare. Having eaten at Grand Sichuan II over the weekend, I'm now kicking myself for having lived in this part of Queens for over a decade and not having come here sooner. Who would have thought that authentic sichuan cuisine in all its fiery glory could be found three subway stops away?Service: The place is on the small side -- we arrived around 8pm on a Saturday and it was packed, but were promised only a "10 minute wait". To their credit, the service was extremely fast and they seem to be well acquainted with making room for new customers in a timely fashion. I ordered the Dan Dan Noodles and the Gui Zhow chicken (breaded chicken sauteed with whole red peppers, Sichuan peppercorns and scallions); my wife had Crispy Shrimp in Sichuan sauce and Dry-Sauteed String Beans, along with American lo mien for the kids. All dishes were brought out in probably less than 15 minutes, steaming hot and prepared to order. Fastest service I've ever seen. The Dan Dan noodles and Gui Zhow chicken was simply amazing.  My wife considers preparation of "dry sauteed string beans" a standard by which she judges all Chinese restaurants (most fail, insofar as they don't live up to their name) -- according to her, this restaurant delivered to satisfaction. On one hand, I'm lamenting the fact that this place resides in Rego Park, as each time I'm tempted to order Chinese I'm hesitant to spend money on what passes for typical 'American Chinese' fare. On the other hand, it's probably a good thing -- for my wallet, at least. If they lived in close proximity I'd be ordering from them every other night.Next time we go I aim to try 2-3 more Sichuan appetizers.
This is definitely the least authentic Sichuanese restaurant that I have tried in New York.  Without a doubt, the chef is not from Sichuan, but from Fujian or Guandong province.  All the dishes were drenched in heavy sauce and on the sweeter side.  I guess it is a good place for Americanized Sichuanese, if that is what you are looking for?
A hole in the wall place -it is all about the food with this restaurant. No frills although service is prompt.Parking is the pits - good luck with that.On to the food review.Ordered the Guo Chou Chicken - BINGO, finally a chicken recipe that is hot as in sweat-while-you-eat HOT. - I requested it extra spicy and boy did they deliver.Also ordered the sauteed spinach with garlic - - no clue why this is so good, it has spinach, garlic and oil. And that is it as far as I can tell, got to be the oil they used.it comes with rice - not enough tho, so we ordered extra.Definitely my NEW goto place for chinese food if I am in the area. Puts all chinese food to shame - I REALLY LIKE MY FOOD SPICY.Will try the noodle soups next time.
An above average neighborhood Chinese restaurant. Delivery can take long, but the food is consistent.
The best Chinese food since since my arrival back to New York back from Virginia. The schechwan curb good, shrimp wonton good really good and really spicy, beef broccoli realy good, arrange shrimp good, fried rice, chow fun rest good. The skate rib tips good. This is more our place to eat.The only thing that want all that wad the ssh ??? Sone shrimp dish to much Dow.
The dumplings here are absolutely the best ever! I had the wonton dumping, the place is always clean and happy vibes all the time
This is by far the best Chinese food in or around Forest Hills. Every time I've moved, the only thing that's ever been a concern to me, is whether or not the Grand Sichuan will deliver to me. I love spicy food, and they really deliver. Their garlic sauce is absolutely amazing. The Singapore Mai Fun, delicious! I dont think Ive ever had a bad dish here.
Never disappoints. The food is hot, and the rice is always cooked well . Go to place for really fresh food without a huge price tag for those tired nights
Been here many times before, usually it's ok but today ordered sesame chicken to go and the taste was horrible. It seemed like they fried the chicken in the old oil cause it smelled pretty bad and the fried rice wasn't hot at all.
The food caters to American taste buds and it is not authentic. Taste like fast food take out.Pumpkin soup is watery and taste like chicken stock or msg was used, not the normal Chinese healthy natural broth.Scallion pancakes is thin hard and burnt, not enough scallion flavor or texture.I might try other dishes but the ones above are really below average and will never order again.
For a little hole in the wall restaurant, the food was incredibly delicious and affordable. Especially loved the dried tofu and pork lunch special. Yum! Will be back!
There is great Sichuan food (outside of Flushing) in Queens!  We struggled to find acceptable Chinese food in Sunnyside and are so happy to have found this place in Rego Park.  The Sichuan dishes that we ordered were fantastic--great Sichuan flavors and spicy too, fresh vegetables and flavorful shrimp, pork and chicken.  The restaurant itself is kind of downscale and so we took our dinner home.  The menu is half "American Chinese" (which we haven't tried yet) and half Sichuan.
Small place with comfort Chinese food. The noodles were tasty with less oil. Very good service as well
I've been going to this restaurant for years. the food is really good and it's not expensive.
Overall pretty good food here, waitstaff very nice and friendly and delivery service are great as well.
Best. Scallion. Pancakes. Ever. Nothing else we've had here is particularly special but the scallion pancakes are outstanding. Not greasy, flaky, light, crispy, perfectly seasoned and served piping hot. We put up with the decent but otherwise unremarkable dishes just so we can come and enjoy the pancakes.
* Take-out Review Only *Husband and I have been looking forward to NY Chinese food since we have moved back from AZ. Sichuan had the highest reviews within walkable distance. However, the chicken & broccoli and general tso's were lacking flavor. The restaurant is always filled, so maybe it was just a bad night?
Been ordering from here for years and occasionally go to dine in. After some time they already knew us and if I was ever in the mood for Chinese this was my go too spot.. You would think since we were regular loyal customers they would treat us better but no the service has never been great but slowly it started getting worse and worse and today it boiled down to me having to write this review just to relieve my anger. My husband ordered chicken with broccoli and extra brown sauce and I ordered shrimp with mixed veggies in garlic sauce ( I hate extra sauce) They mixed it up and gave me more sauce and my husband regular .. I said I really don't like extra sauce if they can please redo mine and my husband asked for alil extra sauce we were very calm and polite and the waitress seemed willing to help.. When they brought it back my portion looked less but atleast it was fine so I started eating..when they brought my husbands dish they deliberately but so much sauce that the chicken was practically unseen and looked like a giant plate of brown sauce this made me so furious! And I asked if they were joking and if they think this is presentable ..the guy said no so they redid it which came out alil better but still way too much sauce.. Now is that theway to treat any customers? especially returning customers that they know.No apologies no manager no nothing when I approached them after we payed the bill i expressed my concern they showed no sympathy and all I got was shrug and quick "thank u bye" to brush everything I said off.. And at the end one of them said to my husband you always too picky.. Unbelievable how some restaurants get away with things like this hopefully this gets to the owner so he could rethink  who he has working thereWill never return to this place! Horrible service mediocre food and completely left me furious with how they treated my family!
this place is awesome! it is right under my apartment. I  promised myself that every time I come here I'll order something else. so far I literally loved each and every dish here.the food is very authentic ,my favorite is the spareribs and the crew is supper nice and quick. I will definitely recommend it to all..
Just got in from having dinner here. First of I want to talk about the flies not fly flies! It was like I was in a farm. If you want mediocre food and swapping flies as a workout by all means this is your place. Nothing special, I won't be returning.
No shortage of "Garbage" in Forest Hills! - This was a "Fresh Breath" of air. Very good food! I didn't get sick after eating it to boot! I will definitely come back & order from them again. Plenty of choices in Forest Hills - I would suggest these guys. The food was freshly prepared. Try the Chicken Noodle soup it was excellent.
I love this place! the General Tso's Chicken taste amazing. service is also really good.
I cannot live without this place! Chongqing Spicy Fish fillet is better than any other places like land of plenty.
This is my go to spot for Chinese takeout. I usually get chicken and broccoli, brown rice and lo mein, they're my tasty and trusty standbys. I've eaten in there a few times too and it's even better. Try the crispy string beans if you're eating there.
Was hoping for more authenticity but was disappointed... Obviously they have to cater to local population taste. But for my chinese taste buds, they fail.
Years ago I used to frequent this place. I was in the neighborhood with my sister-in-law and we decided to get Sichuan food to go. I got my usual: cucumber with fresh garlic, dan dan mein and ma po tofu. These dishes hit the spot when I am craving Sichuan food. Sometimes it can be a little salty but overall it is good. My favorite dish there is the cucumber with fresh garlic.
Few years ago I was having lunch there with a friend as I was paying at the end of our service I dropped an envelope with $300 dollars in cash out of my bag and I left ..... I realized I lost it when I got home and almost had a heart attack I called them the next day and they told me they had it, I went back the next day to pick it up and they didn't touch a single dollar!!!!!! I don't know of any genuinely honest places out there anymore who would do the same exact thing! On top of all that they have the best Chinese food in queens hands down!
Good solid chinese food and that's coming from someone who has eaten chinese food growing up.    I actually really like this place and their food tastes pretty good and its all pretty inexpensive although their portions could stand to be a little bigger.   The service is excellent, I've been here twice and both times they have been extremely nice to me and chatting with me while I wait for my take out.  The first time I came with the husband and he had sweet and sour chicken and he really liked it, he says that the breading was perfect and well seasoned.   I thought the meat and vegetables in my dish was also very fresh and had just the right amount of sauce on it.  The second time I went, I ordered shrimp dumplings in hot oil and although I ordered mild, I did feel it was too spicy for me.   I probably would not get that again.   I also got beef and string beans, again I felt the meat and vegetable tasted very fresh.  I also think their price was fair.  In fact, I think i've found my Chinese take out place in Queens!!!  Remember that they only accept credit cards for orders over $10 so make sure you have cash if you are ordering less.
Holy too much salt!!!  I ordered from here last night and got the same thing I tend to always get - crispy tofu in garlic sauce and bok choy with fresh garlic.  Both meals had soooooooooo much salt they were almost inedible!  I only had a tiny bit and was drinking tons of water the rest of the night.  I will continue to order from here because their food really is better than the rest, but I will have to tell them very little salt.  Wow!!! I had to throw out half my food because of this!  I don't have any health problems related to salt, the food just tasted awful last night.
I've eaten at the restaurant and the food was tasty so I decided to order delivery for the the first time today.  Delivery time was reasonable, but portions are SUPER SMALL - half what you get when you dine at the establishment.  While I will never order delivery from them again, I would probably still go eat at the restaurant proper because the food is still tasty.
This place has great Chinese food. Lo mein, fried wontons, wonton soup. Can't go wrong. It's conveniently located near 67th avenue on Queens Boulevard.
This is our second time order delivery. First time was good. This time we ordered fish, specify beef and a cold pork( an appetizer). Right after finish eating, me and my boyfriend stomach start hurting so bad. Will never order again.
The goodThe place was super clean and the beer was cold after a long day .The bad The honey ribs had no meat on them and lacked any taste The uglyThe many dish with chicken and shrimp was lacking any flavor .The shrimp were small frozen ones from a bag and the chicken was cut up the size of a pea .Find another place unless you are a dumb bimbo who knows nothing about decent food like the ones who posted here it was good ..
I ordered takeout from here today, for the first time. I was very disappointed with the food. The Crispy Shrimp with walnuts was awful...I had asked what kind of sauce it would be served in and was told that it was a sweet orange sauce. It was swimming in KETCHUP...the dish should've been called "soggy shrimp in a ketchup slurry" instead. Also tasted shell fragments near the tail end of a couple shrimp...yuck. Additionally, I had ordered the vegetable mei fun which tasted as though the noodles had excess flour on them...so all I tasted was the grittiness of flour. Aside from that, the dish was extremely bland. I doused it in soy sauce and duck sauce and it still lacked flavor b/c there was hardly any oil or seasoning added to the noodles and veggies. Lastly, I had ordered a shrimp spring roll and while that tasted alright, it was shaped strangely. Instead of being in a roll shape, it was squashed completely flat like a rectangle. Not sure if that was intentional or happened during the delivery. My 2.5 yr old seemed to have liked it, but that's not saying much cuz he also likes stale Cheerios  that have been inside the couch for God-knows-how-long. That spring roll was the *only* reason for the second star. Grand Sichuan, when I can get better Chinese food from Panda Express @ Queens Center Mall...that's not a good thing for you. At least they know how to make Honey Walnut Shrimp without dumping half a bottle of Heinz into it.
I used to order from their dinner specials a couple times a month.....until that AWFUL case of food poisoning I got from them! It was the most sick I have aver been as an adult from food poisoning. I really should have sent them my doctor's bill.  I was up sick all night, dehydrated and could not hold anything in. It was a terrible experience. I will say that their food is tasty they do have fast delivery, and their prices are reasonable. If you have a strong stomach, and think their food is good go to them. If you air more on the cautious side I would stay clear. Their food is good, but not good enough to risk being sick like that again!!
This is real Chinese Sichuan spicy food around area... I live in forest hills and they deliver it within 45 mins and it taste so good.. Don't have to go to Chinatown for Sichuan food anymore
I'm from Sichuan. But the food is totally different. Maybe it's American taste. If you just want to eat the real Sichuan food,you should find other one.
Probably the best Chinese resturant in this part of Queens, consistent, clean and professional. Food adequately spicy for my taste as well!
Food is consistently good and reliable. I stick to the "American" Chinese favorites. Shrimp wontons in red oil. chicken with asparagus, and noodle soups are amongst my faves from here. You can request most typical items steamed with sauce on the side. Tried a few of the "Authentic" style dishes but was not won over. I found them to be kinda strong in flavor. It must be an acquired taste. Cute place with booths for dining in.
Very tasty food.  Quick delivery.  Servers are polite if you decide eat in.  Highly recommended.
I would give this spot six stars if I could - a few of us decided to go at last minute as we were visiting Forest Hills.  The wait staff were extremely friendly, food came out quickly and on top of it tasted perfect.For approximately $15 per person it is well priced - would definitely come back to this restaurant.
while Mr. Tong's is my primary choice for Chinese food in the neighborhood, I was feeling adventurous the night before the hurricane hit and decided to check out Grand Sichuan.as it turns out, it's pretty solid. the menu was the usual Americanized Chinese food with some specialty dishes, and all the prices were reasonable. 8 bucks for dinner special, cha-ching!I got one dish that I believe was called guochow chicken. lightly fried, nice and spicy, but the heat was a slow burn. oh yes! the fried rice was good. the wonton soup hit the spot on a chilly night, and wasn't TOO salty.while I still prefer Mr. Tong's for having more specialty dishes and a lot more space, Grand Sichuan is a great backup.
Great restaurant, very comfortable and great service. Food taste amazing, it's a special place to eat Chinese food.
Great food! Fast delivery. My new fav place. The orange chicken was great. The soup dumpling were good, but not the best.
Best Chinese hands down! Been here twenty times since I first tried it. Always leave a happy customer
I have never actually been to this restaurant, so the review is entirely based on the quality of the food as delivered to me.  I order from them regularly.They offer pretty good Sichuan staples that I love, like spicy dumplings, dan dan noodles.. and their Braised Beef is pretty close to the best in NYC (WuLiangYe, imho).  They also make a pretty decent soup bun, which I did not expect in Forest Hills.  My son loves the less authentic stuff, like fried rice/noodles, sesame chicken..etc.  Something for the whole family.  Highly recommend the food :), cannot say anything about the place.
Everything is spot on. The dumplings in chili sauce is my favorite. Best chinese restraunt by far in Forest Hills
Came here multiple times (dine in and take out). Service has always been super fast in both cases. Food is excellent for the area. I highly recommend the pepper steak and ma po tofu. Their brown rice is also very delicious.
Have to admit, with no sanitary grade posted on the window I was a bit reluctant entering the restaurant but was craving authentic Sichuan cuisine. That being said I went with the beef lo mein combination. It was good hot but even better as a leftover! This place is great if you need to grab food on the run, my order was ready surprisingly fast. The lady's at the front counter are very friendly and welcoming. I will be returning.
A notch above the typical Chinese take out. This is an actual restaurant. The Xiao loong baos were okay not something I would go out of my way for. The chow fun was pretty good with chunks of flat noodles. The sautéed spinach was very good but way overpriced at $9.75. I thought the young chicken w ginger was way overwhelmingly spiced with no distinguishable ginger taste. The tab was over $51 w tip for two for lunch. Too pricey for lunch。okay if you're in neighborhood and have a yen for Chinese.
It usually takes me about a year to write a review (I'm not exaggerating), so doing a review immediately after visiting an establishment is a new benchmark for me.  I hope this continues, but at the same time I need to work on reviewing all the places I've been in the last 1-2 years since joining Yelp. On to the review... So I was feeling lazy (not wanting to cook), but energetic enough to pick up some neighborhood Chinese food.  Went on Yelp and did a neighborhood search for Chinese.  After checking out a few spots, reading some reviews and narrowing it down based on what was open after 9:15pm on a Sunday night, I chose Grand Sichuan II (There's another one in Manhattan apparently).  Got on my trusty longboard skateboard and skated from 62nd Ave & Queens Blvd, to Grand Sichaun (btw 66th and 67th ave) which took about 5 minutes.  There's an error on the profile for close subway stops, it says Rego Park & Woodhaven.  The closest stop is 67th Ave.  Woodhaven is about a 15 minute walk and 63rd Dr is 10 minutes, 67th is literally a minute or two walk away.  So please click on helpful after reading my review, as I just saved you 20-30 minutes of walking if you're planning on checking this place out. :)So got to Grand Sichaun II and was very surprised by a very attractive interior.  It was very bright and welcoming, not to mention over half their seats were filled with smilling faces, which made me want to eat there.  So instead of my initial idea to make a take out order and bring it back to my apartment, I decided to stay.  (Side note: I'm kind of weird in that I rarely order over the phone if it's my first time trying a place, I usually go there and check out the atmosphere before ordering).  I noticed that the 3 staff members were dressed very professionally and had on their smiling face.  Early bonus points. I don't know Sichuan cooking very well, so I decided on passing on it after going through the menu, even though that's probably the best items on the menu. (Duh Jason, the name of this place IS Sichuan Restaurant!!)  I figured I'll bring one of my Chinese friends who is familiar with Sichuan cooking and can recommend something good.  Even though this is a $ pricing restaurant, all of the Sichaun dishes are between 10-20 bucks.  So be warned, $5-7 lunch specials, non Sichuan and American Chinese Food (they actually have this labeled, haha) are under $10 but Sichuan cooking is over $10.  I ordered what I usually always try to find the first time I go to a Chinese restaurant, beef chow fun and string beans in garlic sauce.  The first thing that came out was an appetizer.  It was deep fried won ton sticks (not oily at all) that had tasted a little like Cheez its (which is why I loved them) with duck sauce to dip them in.  A winning combo!! The order of chow fun and string beans took less than 10 minutes and the time flew by as I was enjoying my crunchy little won ton snacks and surfing around Yelp.Just like things tend to happen to me, I finally found my go-to Chinese spot a week before I move out of Rego Park!!  I'll just stay that this chow fun with beef is what I've been looking for, for the past 2 years.  Noodles, were perfect, not too soft and not too hard, just right.  The sauce was flavorful, but not too salty and the beef tasted very fresh.  A few round onions and green onion just how I like it and the best part is they don't use MSG!! More bonus points.  String beans were also wonderful.  It could have been cooked a little less, but then again I like my string beans on the crunchy side, but the garlic sauce was amazing and it went well with my bowl of hot jasmine rice.  Both portions were very generous.  I ate til full and still had leftovers to take home. Felft like something sweet, so got some Lychee.  4 tasty lychee balls for $1. Not too shabby.  Next time I'm going to try the sweet rice soup dessert or fried banana with honey walnut.  Just didn't have the appetite for a big dessert. I still had a good size amount of deep friend won tons left, so I asked if they could bring me a container for them.  The waiter said "how about we give you a new bag to take home, instead."  Oh man, more bonus points.  The check came out to about $18.  Because the of the great quality of service, speed of food coming out and the waiter throwing in a new bag of won ton sticks, I decided I had to give them a good tip.  Ended up walking out paying $23.  Hey it wasn't the $10 take out I anticipated when I left home, but it was sure worth the experience, I'll be back even though I'm leaving the area and will bring back friends to share the experience. 4 stars only because I have not tried their signature dishes yet, but good chance will bump it up to 5 if the Sichuan cooking is as good as the food and experience I had as a first time customer. Aloha, JC
Sadly disappointed with this place especially after all the reviews. We ordered steamed pork dumplings, sesame chicken and pork lo mein. The chicken meat tasted stale and fatty. The lo mein was dry and sticky. The pork was rubbery. I expected much better based on all the good feedback. But I guess my hunt for good chinese take out must continue.
Came here with a friend who lived a couple of blocks away from here. I was so hungry that I just needed some fix, anything would do. Somehow we passed by here, so I said, "I want chinese food for my stomach!" Luv their Beef Filet with Chili sauce. It came with plenty of cabbage and meat and also some cilantro plus hot chilli. I couldn't ask for a better dish to fill my stomach, but the price is abit on the high side. This was one of the good chinese dish I've ever eaten honestly, especially the spicyness and the flavor, was very good.However, my appetizer of the steamed pork dumpling was a major disappointment, because not only the skin was very thick, the meat inside wasn't great either. I shouldn't have ordered it at all.My friend got a chicken garlic, which I think was okay, nothing really great about it, just like kung pao chicken actually, just with slightly garlicy and a bit of mushroom.Service was okay, nothing spectacular, but if I'm in the area and craving for anything spicy, I might walk into this joint.
Spicy beef tendon is delicious. Fish dishes recommended, especially sautéed shrimp and vegetables.  Don't miss the beef with eggplant.
I haven't had Grand Sichuan in a while, and was surprised to see a few new items on the menu.  I just had the Lunch Special Guo Chou Chicken, and once again, Grand Sichuan doen't disappoint.  All I can say is, it's HOT-- I mean burn your mouth hot-- but I love it.  It's not smothered in sauce hot, but it's a dry, yet smokey hot flavor of battered and fried chicken pieces, scallions and bamboo shoots, sauteed with dry red chillis on a bed of your choice of rice.  It really hits the spicy spot.  If you can't handle spice, I wouldn't get it, but otherwise, another win for Grand Sichuan in Rego Park.  Just be careful, because this is the hottest dish I've ordered that comes really spicy. I usually ask for extra spicy with my orders, but certainly no need here. :)
One of the cleanest Chinese food spots around. Food is spot on and spicy for those people that like it. Shredded beef was awesome with just the right amount of taste
Surprisingly good Schezuan cuisine for Forest Hiils. Delivery is always fast. Their food tends to be on the oily side but this is par for the course with authentic Schezuan dishes. Mapo Tofu is  awash with peppercorns and red chiles while their crab and pork soup dumplings are wonderful.
I ordered a takeout on the weekend and was kind of disappointed with the food. The dumplings were too thick  and the soup was extremely runny. I am not very keen on ordering again.
Loved it!!!! Fantastic food. Couldn't believe how great my food was!!! And ordered from the combination menu. Ordered the Shrimp with garlic sauce. The shrimp were huge!! The rice was great and the egg roll was also delicious!! My new fave. Whenever I'm in the area this is where I'm going.
This place is great.  It has the look of a regular chinese take out place but it's so much better than that.  It's an authentic chinese restaurant that also offers some of the regular take out staples.  Definitely recommend, you can taste the difference in the quality of the ingredients and freshness.
Got delivery from here for the first time after reading some the Yelp reviews.The food came pretty quick and I ordered the pepper steak and the Guo Chou Chicken. The pepper steak was alright but the Guo Chou Chicken was definitely worth it. There was just enough spice and flavor to it without being too spicy or salty. Definitely will order that from here again.
This place is really good and consistent. I've been ordering from here for about 2 years as never had an issue. I agree with other reviewers that don't order crazy non authentic stuff from a traditional Sichuan restaurant!
We order take-out from here pretty often. Its just take-out Chinese, but they are the best of the ones who will deliver to Forest Hills. The spicy beef noodle soup is pretty good - very spicy, a bit too oily, but lots of tender chunky beef. The seafood noodle soup is good too. The szechuan stuff we've tried is pretty good too, though a bit heavy on the oil. We don't eat the Americanized stuff usually but I had the chicken wings once, they were really good.
I lived in Rego Park for 18 years and this is the spot. You must sit down and eat inside though. When they serve the food fresh off the wok and straight to the plate, it tastes levels above what other Chinese takeout places taste like. When away from NY, I dream of the Grand Sichuan when I'm eating at other Chinese places. Nothing ever even comes close.
I really miss Grand Sichuan. We ordered take-out foods frequently when we lived in Rego Park.I have nothing to say after reading some reviews below....I don't understand why there are some people ordering General Tao Chicken from Grand Sichuan. Come on! It's a Sichuan restaurant, OK? What is General Tao Chicken? I've never heard about it when I was in China. It's not authentic at all!I really miss the fish fillet( shui zhu yu) and hot spicy beef with peppers. They are really tasty, and the price is reasonable.W never got disappointed in Grand Sichuan. If you live in Rego Park or Forest Hills and  love spicy Chinese food, Grand Sichuan is one of the best choices based on my experience. Actually, you don't have many choices of spicy food around that area.
In an area saturated with Chinese food places, this is absolutely a cut above the rest. We've done both dine-in and delivery many times, and every experience has been pleasant.I always choose from the American side of their menu, while my wife does the authentic side, and all of it is really good. Nothing tastes like it was simply re-heated, the chicken isn't questionable, and the portion sizes are fantastic! The prices are very reasonable as well.Also, their delivery is particularly FAST! But then again, all of their service is really good. The staff clearly work their butts off, yet they maintain courtesy to the customers at all times. Other restaurants could learn a thing or two from them.
This is some seriously great Chinese food. Not once have I been disappointed by them, so I can easily say that it is by far the best Chinese food in the area,bar none. I am pretty conservative and consistent when it comes to ordering takeout Chinese food, so I cannot comment on some of the more "authentic" offerings. The boneless spare ribs, Chicken Lo Mein, pork fried rice, Dan Dan noodles, dumplings in chili oil are all delicious. I will say that this place is probably one of the only typical takeout places where I would consider going outside my comfort zone. Some of the reviews here certainly seem to indicate I should. Whatever you prefer- I think you wouldn't be disappointed no matter what you choose to get.
The tofu was divine, this place is an incredible find deep in queens, I'm surprised more people don't frequent this location. Service was good, too.
Great food, clean restaurant, and most importantly the service is the best I have experienced!!
Food is so delicious. We love their appetizers, especially 蒜泥白肉. Fried rice and noodle soup are delicious too. I love to eat this place with my wife, place is small but not crowded. I think because most of the people are taking out or order to delivery. We once ate there with 10 people, their big table can accommodate us all and we felt comfortable. We had good dining experience here all the time.
When Asian restaurants not in the Chinatown or Flushing area claim to be "authentic" anything, it can be a hit or miss. I'm so glad that Grand Sichuan is a hit. Ordered the beef tendon in hot and pepper sauce app, chicken lo mein (ok, this is not considered Sichuan, but I loooove noodles!), and the shredded beef with green peppers. The Sichuan dishes were amaze. The flavors were on point and so spicy that the beef and tendon got together and had a little party in my mouth. Can't wait to try more items from this spot.
They're very fast, have great deals (especially at lunch), and they give you a lot of food. It's pretty standard Chinese food, but after trying some other Chinese places we realize how delicious this one is. Our favorites are the Orange Chicken, General Tso's Chicken, Sesame Chicken, and the Boneless Spare Ribs.We've gotten take out, delivery, and eat-in and have yet to have a bad experience. It's one of our regulars!
Rego Park has one authentic Chinese spot, and this is it.  Delicate wontons, really fiery spicy dishes, tasty egg rolls and shrimp rolls, and super fast and friendly delivery.  I'm giving five stars because relative to other choices in Rego Park, there's no comparison.  Otherwise it's a 3 or 4 star joint.  It's just that 3 or 4 stars is *so much* better than the one star Chinese which permeates Rego Park.  Hence, five stars, for not sucking.  Well . .  one time the boneless ribs were too fatty and not well done even though I asked for well done.  No biggie.  Take your stars, Grand Sichuan . . . you earned them.
I've only ordered delivery from this place. I've ordered over 15 times before I decided to write a review. Keep in mind, this review is in comparison to the other Chinese places in Forest Hills, I'm not writing about food in Chinatown and Flushing.This place is awesome! I'm Chinese, but sometimes I'm in the mood for Americanized Chinese food as well, this place doesn't taste like it's a typical Chinese take out joint. Grand Sichuan is the closest thing to Flushing Chinese food there is, and if I don't feel liking trekking to Flushing, I order from here.I've probably have had half the lunch/dinner specials on the menu, along with other items. I've enjoyed most items except:General Tso's Chicken, chicken is good, but it came with weird combination of veggies, rather than the usual Broccoli, and I've ordered this more than once so I know it wasn't a fluke.Ox Tongue & Tripe, the oil and sauce was good, but it was tough, maybe I'll try it again next time.Their food taste super fresh, and cooked just right, I like their Shrimp toast as well when I'm in the mood for something Americanized, even their fried rice is good.I've also changed my order afterwards a couple of times, when I already placed an order. They always get my food right all the time, never anything missing in my delivery. They are very quick, usually less than 20 minutes, and the delivery guy is friendly.
This is one of Rego Park's best kept secrets! If it says "spicy" or "with fresh garlic" that's how it comes, so be prepared. But the sauces are made by the owner every week, so the flavors are consistent, no matter who's cooking. The prices are more than reasonable and we always order family-style which is so much fun and really delicious.
Just finished up my dinner here. Been here a few times already. Its average chinese food. Its not out of this world amazing but its pretty good and theres always people in here. The main complaint I have here is that the staff struggles through the english they speak. I understand its a chinese place and that this is pretty common, but this isn't straight take out, its a restaurant. Out of the 5 servers, maybe 2 speak decent english. Some of the chicken dishes are a little over friend but in general the food isn't bad.
After seeing all the good reviews from this place, we ordered takeout on a late Friday night. The General Tso Chicken was soggy and bland. Sauce was lacking. The chicken and broccoli was better than the General Tso yet still mediocre at best. Maybe it was a bad night but will probably give it another try.
Pretty good Chinese food, great if you like spicy food.  Their spicy wonton and Dan Dan noodles are the best I've had in NY.  I can't say much about their American Chinese food, but their authentic dishes are definitely amazing.
Decided to try mainly due to the fact that it's right outside my door...and very glad I did!Two lunch specials for about $11 - NiceAmericanized Chinese food - typical fried, greasy and yummyDining area - Nice decor, clean, and comfortable compared to most chinese take-out places - you might as well stay!Staff - friendly and quickI will definitely add a star or two when I try their more authentic dishes
Great traditional Chinese food, but most are spicy and hot. When I stay over in my gf's apartment, we order for deliver. They are fast and the food quality is stable.
Not the best of Chinese takeouts in the area, but a decent meal. Ordered the Beef & Broccoli ($7.25 + tax = $7.90) from the Dinner Special which includes choice of soup/soda (Wonton Soup, Egg Drop Soup, Hot & Sour Soup, Egg Roll, or soda) and rice (White Rice, Brown Rice, or Fried Rice). Of course I had to get my usual favorites, Hot & Sour soup and Brown Rice.The Hot & Sour soup was served in your typical clear plastic container. Flavoring was good, not too bland, not too salty. It was your typical Hot & Sour soup, but I found it did lack any resemblance of spiciness. They definitely should have used more chili flakes. The fried noodle-shaped chips were ever so slightly stale/soggy, but throwing them in the soup did help.I was a bit taken back when I opened the Beef & Broccoli as 2/3 of the container was brown rice. I'd possibly even say as little as 1/4 of the tray had beef and broccoli. The broccoli portions were generous; fresh with a subtle crunch signifying they were not under/over cooked. But there was barely any beef in the dish which I found very disappointing and a rip-off when you're paying $7.90 for mostly brown rice and broccoli. Getting over that fact, the color of the beef looked a bit unusual, with a slight orange hue. Although it had an orange color to it, the beef was tender and flavors were on par to what you would usually expect, but again, I found myself stuffing my face with more rice and broccoli than any beef.The food was decent but take note of their frugal meat/veggie vs. rice proportions. It is definitely better than most of the Chinese take outs, but Asia (on Woodhaven Blvd.) still reigns supreme.
We are foodies. All of our out of town visitors look forward to us introducing them to great new restaurants we've found. 3 of our out-of-town friends have stopped going to new places and insist we go to Grand Sichuan!We occasionally keep trying new Chinese places, some fancy, some whole-in-the-wall, but we never,NEVER have found a place we like better in all of NYC!Even their "American style Chinese" moo shu just tastes so incredible! The waitress says it's because the owner comes in and makes the sauces himself. Most places, it's a craps shoot who's got the ladle in his hand. Not this place!Price Very Good!Decor  Not BadService Very Good!Food: Freakin' GREAT!
This is one of favorite Chinese takeout/restaurant in forest hills.  The food is pretty authentic and the service is excellent.  This is our default takeout place and I highly recommend it.
By far one of the best Chinese restaurants I've been too. Beef and Broccoli- Big slices of beef. Big fresh pieces of broccoli. Ribs - HUGE.Covered in a very sweet honey like sauce. Very very well cooked. Shredded beef with hot peppers - Very good!We usually order delivery and are always very happy. Dining in is 10 times better. Really.
This is the best Chinese food that is at the same time affordable. This place is a huuuuge step up from typical Chinese takeout spots.
Hands down best Chinese food I've ever had in queens. Can't go wrong. The food is served quick and the quality is amazing!
This is the best Chinese food I have ever had.  It is wonderfully spicy and well seasoned.  It is not greasy and you don't leave with a guilty feeling after eating a filling meal. The vegetables are crisp as opposed to the normal way over cooked vegetables you normally find at chinese restaurants. Ingredients are high quality and fresh.
Coming from Brooklyn, I guess I didn't really realize just how good we have it until ordering takeout in forest hills. I would say 85% of the places around here sucks and this place is included. Fast delivery one star, nice people, another...it ends there. Food was terrible. Who makes general tso chicken with carrots, cabbage and mushrooms?? Weirdest thing Ever. Sorry grand Sichuan. Not a fan
This is NOT your typical gross "Chinese-American" monstrosity that you often encounter when going for a Chinese dinner. The food here is simply delightful and the wait staff is INCREDIBLY helpful in assisting you with food choices and what have you.I noticed that they didn't have "Mabo Tofu" listed on their dinner menu, and when I asked about it, they said that they could make it. My god that was tasty. I could have inhaled the whole thing all on my own with a bowl of rice. Luckily I had my husband and roomie with me to help me scarf it down ^_^ The waitress recommended the Smoked Duck and even though I don't personally like duck, the guys said that it was insanely good. They ended up ordering it for delivery a few days later. The Sichuan dumplings were perfectly spicy and literally everything thing that we ordered was a party in my mouth. They were very quick when we ordered for delivery and the food was just as good as in the restaurant!
I'm not of Chinese descent, so those of you who don't care what a white girl thinks can skip over this post. My boyfriend and I recently moved to Rego Park, and this has become our go-to spot for take-out and delivery. Don't order off the American-Chinese menu. Go right to the Sichuan menu. I will NEVER go back to eating American-Chinese food - this place made me embarrassed that I ever used to eat it. I'm someone that has always been able to handle spice, but if you are not used to Sichuan peppercorns and other spices which tend to have a numbing effect ("ma la"), it can be really intense the first time you try it. Our spice tolerance has gone through the roof after ordering from here weekly. We love the pork and crab soup dumplings, the scallion pancakes (best I've ever had in NYC), dan dan noodles, gui zhow chicken, shrimp wontons with red oil, and the sauteed and dried string beans with minced pork.
I order from them quite often since I live in the neighborhood. I can't complain about the quality and speed of the delivery guy. I will say that their egg Rolls are different from the usual style you see at a Chinese restaurant so beware.
I've been trying out different chinese restaurants in the Forest Hills area to no avail. I settled for take-out places that were mediocre/hit-or-miss/sometimes fine. One night I did the take out Dinner special, which was very reasonable. Since there's really no good sit down chinese restaurants in the area, I went with a friend for a Thursday evening dinner and was very satisfied. My orange chicken was fresh and tasty. Speaking of oranges, the complimentary orange at the end of the meal was exceptionally sublime and fresh. Service was very efficient. Definitely a good place for both take out and dining in!
This rating is just for things off their Authentic Sichuan menu. I typically get the hot oil fish or beef, stir fried string beans, and "guizhou" chicken. AMAZING. Better than the Sichuan dishes that Flushing has to offer. I'm really surprised that a place that otherwise has pretty Westernized Chinese food has a range of such authentic tasting Sichuan dishes. The Sichuan menu is small, but definitely quality over quantity here. I absolutely recommend this if you love the deliciousness of numbingly spicy food, and don't want to venture into Flushing for a great Sichuan meal.
Havent written a review in a while but this place deserves it. OMG the BEST Chinese place I have been to in all of queens, and even some of manhattan. It's a bit pricey, but so worth it. One of the best egg drop soups i have tried, not too thick with cornstarch but just right and with the right amount of corn. Chicken and broccoli use REAL white meat chicken which is great. I have also tried then specialty sichuan dishes such as shredded ginger duck, shredded beef, shredded pork with garlic sauce, and gui zhow chicken. Loved everything. Not your standard Chinese take out, as they have some real authentic dishes other than the usual American adaptations.
I stick by my five-star rating! This is strictly for the Kung Bao Chicken! The other people who seemed to be disappointed were unhappy with their vegetarian meals. But if you eat meat, then you know that the meat at most "fast food" chinese restaurants is not very good. Here it actually is and that's why I still give this place five stars!Go out try the Kung Bao chicken!
I had a very positive experience there today. I ordered off of the traditional sichuan part of the menu, so I cannot comment on their "American Chinese" food. I ordered the double cooked pork and the string beans with garlic sauce. Both dishes were very flavorful; the string beans were particularly tasty. The restaurant is small, yet comfortable. The service was efficient and polite. From the number of mandarin-speaking customers I saw there today, it appears somewhat authentic. It does not offer much in the way of atmosphere, but that is not the purpose of the restaurant. The restaurant's purpose is to offer good food at good prices, and it certainly fulfills that purpose.   In sum, Grand Sichuan NY II offers an enjoyable and filling Chinese meal for two for $20. I wouldn't make a long trip for Grand Sichuan NY II, but if you're in the area, it's a solid choice.  Note: I ventured into the restaurant because I suspected that it may be part of the Grand Sichuan chainlet of restaurants throughout NYC. However, some brief online research reveals that this is not the case.
I eat here at least 4 times a week! Love this place! I really recommend their shredded beef with green peppers, you can ask for spicy or not so spicy
Good place to eat dinner with your wife.
They've fallen off the past few years. It's not amazing but it's not bad either, just lately I find myself wanting a bit more.
I don't know what the previous reviews are talking about but this small neighborhood Chinese restaurants puts the greasy spoon take-outs ones to shame Remember folks this is a Sichuan restaurant NOT Cantonese style one.The food is flavorful and fresh.   The wontons in the soup are made there and not weeks in advance.  The salt and oil levels are very low, you can actually taste the flavors.  The veggies are all so fresh.  I have stopped going to all the other area take-out places, this has been my Chinese go to place for the past year.The wait staff is very nice and will custom make anything you want. The decor is comfortable and very clean. Tables not booths.The have a great $6 lunch special (soup, choice of main dish and veggie fried rice (with egg),Once again, if you want Cantonese go to one of the greasy spoons across the street.
This place is the best option Chinese food for takeout/delivery in Rego Park that I've found. The American-style Chinese food isn't spectacular, but the Sichuan dishes range from good to amazing. Gui Zhou Chicken is an old reliable standby in my household; it's spicy but a real crowd pleaser. I have fed this dish to, honestly, dozens of people who have all enjoyed it (as long as they like spicy food). Cumin Beef, Double Cooked Pork, Dan Dan Noodles, and Wontons in Red Oil are also among our favorites. The staff are friendly and helpful; some of them have been there for years.
excellent soup dumplings and other sichuan dishes definitely enjoyed though some was almost too spicy but well made and also reasonably priced and a good solid reliable place to go for authentic sichuan.  Yes your waiter may not be fully fluent in english but your food is definitely done in a true Sichuan/ Szechuan  vernacular.   Definitely a step above much closer to what u find in areas like flushing or Manhattans Chinatown
My daughter loves it here. She has a dish they prepare special just for her and everyone greets us like old friends when we visit.
This is my go to place for Chinese much better than the usual take out stuff. The quality is much better for that economical meal.
I just love Szechuan/Sichuan Chinese food.  It is never the typical American Chinese food.  Had the braised beef, it was fantastic!!  Rice was good, not the best I've had but good.  Service was attentive but unobtrusive.  I will return.
The first 2 times I ordered was a good take out experience,  the food was fresh. The more times you order,  you get screwed over by the portions and the food itself. The dinner size is like 90% rice and whatever percent left is what you actually ordered in the container. They skimp out and shove rice to make it look big. That's why i prefer places that separate it. The sesame chicken is sub par compared to cheaper places. The shredded beef is drowned in carrots and the ratio between them is a joke. Mind you I have tipped handsomely and never been rude in the few times I ordered. This place lacks consistency and you just pray the chef that made your food is the good chef and not the assistant cook who graduated hotel management somewhere in the amazon and now can't get a job so he works in a restaurant tossing whatever ingredient he can find. Definitely not ordering at this place again, as I am turned off by their inconsistent service.
When you are not in the mood of cooking and want some Sichuan style food, this is not a bad choice. BTW their lunch specials are of low price.
Food is great. Portions are big. Prices are very reasonable. And staff is great, will never dissapoint you unlike other Chinese restaurants. A very nice and neat place to dine in as well. I highly recommend this place whether it's for delivery, dine in or take out.
After my week long holiday in Antigua and 2hr commute back from Newark Airport, I find myself starving and need some substance to get my gears ready for work the next day.We decided to order from here because they have the best noodle soups!Our fave orders are the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup and Chicken & Spinach Noodle soup. We also realised what makes these soups so great - they put TONS of garlic in it so it's wholesome and satisfying. The noodles they use are thick and chewy, but you can replace them with any type you like. We also complement the meal with an order of Yang Chung Fried Rice, which is just regular fried rice with bits of pork & shrimps in it. This is also very good and simple - not greasy.Be forewarned however, anything labeled as SPICY - is gonna be SUPER spicy so have your milk or water ready!
I give it a three star because of the service the food deserves five stars the food is fresh and taste like they really take their time with making it.  But countless times they have gotten my order wrong and taken 40 minutes to redeliver one dish (even though i live a block away) and a few times they have compromised my food. I'm highly allergic to all seafood and a few times they packed my food with seafood dishes after specifically asking them not to.  One time they even pretended to make me a new dish but just handed me back the original dish that had seafood juice all over it. I know bc after touching it my skin broke out in hives.  And a few times when messing up the order the woman who answers the phone has hung up on me and others when trying to get the order correct. Unfortunately after giving this place multiple times to be as amazing as their food and being disappointed I will not be ordering from them because of the terrible service received
I have had issues the last 2 times I have dealt with this place.  I ordered delivery. It took 90 minutes for the order to arrive  The bag was soaked with sauce and no fried noodle for the soups.  When I called they made a lame excuse about one of the selections having a lot of sauce.  Then, moron, don't pack it in a styrofoam box that leaks easily.  They do have plastic containers with tight covers.  Why not use them, Dr. Eiostein?  Do I have to mention that the food was cold?  Today is MLK's Birthday and I went to the restaurant for lunch.  No lunch special on holidays.  Really?  There were exactly 2 diners in the restaurant.  Can they really afford to stand on principles when it looks like they could use the business?  It's not like the phone was ringing off the hook with delivery orders.  I really like the food there but this obtuse mentality is keeping me away.  Lastly, be aware that shrimp with lobster sauce is made with baby shrimp which is the most ridiculous thing I've seen.  Next they'll serve just lobster sauce and serve it on a plate with a shrimp painted on.
Plus: the only Chinese place I have found in the immediate area that has any kind of decent vegetarian offerings (and the only place I have found in the immediate area that has scallion pancake on the menu!)Minus: the quality of the tofu dish I usually order varies wildly each time I order from them. sometimes it will be very good, other times I have to assume that the person cooking is inexperienced at cooking with tofu, which seems odd.
Ordered from them today for the first time. The food was ok, although compared to other Chinese deliveries it stands out. Even though the food is spicy, it is still bland. We ordered Mapo Dofu - nicely hot, but pork was not discernible. Also a bit greasy, but overall worth it. Pickled cabbage pork soup is very greasy. Baby Chicken with Fresh Ginger had sushi ginger, ie, marinated (not fresh) pink ginger that was slightly off. And I'm not really sure what baby chicken is. The last dish we got was Kung Bao Squid - the squid was cooked perfectly, not chewy or rubbery, but the dish was dry and again, bland. Even in spite of the spiciness. However, the service was friendly and quick, and I will likely order there again since they have the most interesting menu of all take out Chinese in Forest Hills.
This is a very good Chinese restaurant with good food and good service. Although food here is not so authentic Sichuan food, it does be better than many other so claimed authentic Sichuan restaurant in Chinatown or Flushing. I will continue frequently visiting it.
I have had many dishes from the ma po tofu to the pepper steak,  Every time I come in the service is great.  The soup is always very nice for eat in, the chicken is cooked the way I like it and I love the spicy fried tofu.  I have been coming here for a long time and when I want a Sichuan american take on food this is my place.  Most people order the General Tso's chicken which is a Chinese American style fried chicken.  The sauce is nice and spicy, the chicken crispy and moist and the brown rice that I get is always cooked soft.  This is a very nice local Sichuan restaurant.
We've been considering trying this place for years but were concerned it wouldn't be authentic or as good as the ones in Chelsea or East Village. We took a chance and went for Chinese New Year. The food was authentic and delicious, and the service, though slow, was friendlier than at the ones in Manhattan. Because it was our first time, we ordered the more standard fares: soup dumplings and scallion pancakes for the kid (both were meh but to be fair, neither is a Sichuan specialty), and for us the dan dan noodles, wontons in hot oil, whole braised fish in bean sauce (we added soft tofu, the creaminess of which pairs nicely with the spiciness of the sauce), and sauteed gourd (all were awesomely executed with the only hiccup being too much starch in the bean sauce). We will return soon to try out other more traditional Sichuan dishes (read: requiring more culinary skills to execute).
The food is pretty authentic, delivery is quick and portions are generous. They have good lunch specials even during the weekend. It's a good go-to place for delivery.
It is a restaurant that you get the food with quality over the amount of money you paid. Compare with the rest of the Chinese restaurants/takeouts in the neighborhood, it is the best in term of taste and freshness. I like their Sesame chicken, Pepper fried shrimp and squids (crispy and tasty), Sichuan style appetizers (small but mouth watering). Don't order their soups and noodles at the same time. Although the ingredients are fresh, I believed they prepared them from the same broth. You will get two dishes with exactly same taste!!!! Other than that most of their dishes are good. And their service is also nice.
In this area, you aren't hard-pressed to find Chinese restaurants. They are legion. However, this place is all I need. I am in a monogamous Chinese-food-take-out relationship with Grand Sichuan. I've tried this place a number of times, and the food is DELICIOUS, the sauces are incredibly flavorful, the spice (if you prefer hot dishes) is punch-y without being overpowering, and I swear to God there have to be delivery men hiding in the walls of our apartment, because the service is so quick. (Granted, we live fairly close, but still.) We tend to err on the vegetarian side of things, so I can't speak for most of the meat-based dishes, but their Szechuan Wontons are two-enthusiastic-thumbs-up, and anything that includes a vegetable is yummmmmy and satisfying. I'm also equally fascinated by the more authentic offerings on the menu. (Be not afraid of things like "Intestine with Chili Pepper" and "Kidney with Pickled Pepper". In fact, order them, and tell me how you like them. I'm intrigued myself.)
Most Chinese restaurants have become so basic and run of the mill, but Grand Sichuan NY II in Rego Park is authentic Chinese food. The restaurant is small and the decor is basic, but the food is excellent. We have been there 4 times on the past 5 months and every dish we ordered was outstanding. The service for a Chinese restaurant is good.
Food is pretty good, I never eat there though, just takeout. It's the only Chinese takeout place I go to in the neighborhood
Thank you to all the helpers!We walked past this place 100's of times, but never gave it a thought since we usually come into this area for Russian style food.Well, now that we tried Grand Sichuan, we are pleased to find it. Definitely, a head above your typically msg-ridden chinese take-out place.Several Google vegan and vegetarian options. Mixed Vegetables Noodle soup with your choice of noodles - excellent. Nicely seasoned and has very clean taste,  not often found in chinese places, and especially not in greasy-spoon joints.Vegetable dumplings were tasty, but too thick-skinned for our liking. Sauteed Spinach with fresh garlic - delightful. Portions are not very large,  but satisfying. We really wanted to try their fried banana with honey walnut,  but were too full for desert.No worries, we planned on making Sichuan our go-to Chinese place. It is a good alternative on days we don't feel like shlepping to Flushing.Oh, almost forgot to mention - very good, very attentive service with a smile. Again, not your typical brisk and uncaring fast food experience. Thank goodness.
Been going here for over 9 years.  Best Chinese in the Rego Park and Forest Hills area. I go pretty often that they know me by name, even when I call for pick up or delivery. I love their spinach with fresh garlic and their salt and pepper shrimp no shell. It's not on the menu but you can order what you want and they will make it for you.
you know this place is great because when you go inside you see chinese people eating there!  I've only seen that happen in china town.  Love the steamed dumplings, boneless BBQ spare ribs and the chicken & broccoli.  I wish the dinner combinations came with pork fried rice like most other places instead of veggie fried rice, but hey at least you get your vegetables.
The best chinese restaurant in rego park !!!
The food was AMAZING, delivery was super quick, and for the quality of the food, the price is a great deal!!
The Hunan tofu was bland even though they said it was spicy, but my boys thought it was hot (age 4 and 6).  They gave a thumbs up to their chicken lo mein, and they were kind enough to add some broccoli.  They were kind enough to add lemon to my nous water when they saw another table had it.  They brought out noodles and duck sauce before the food came.  Therefore 7 tables and it is small.  I often see children in here.
We love this place! Amazing Sesame Chicken, Fried Rice, and Fried Wontons! We never had a bad meal or regret about ordering in:-)
Decent neighborhood Chinese place. Small but charming. Yelp needs to correct the map location, it's off by 1/2 mile. The workers there are nice but please don't let hobos off the street use your restroom! Paying customers need to go in afterwards and use it!
Probably the best Chinese place in this area. Have been enjoying their food and attentive service for the past couple of years. Only thing I noticed lately is that it can get really noisy when large Asian crowds eat in. So loud you cannot hear the person in front of you. Too bad no one in the restaurant tries to do something to retain the nice and quite eating experience they used to offer. The food still tastes great but now I just order to go.
quick chinese at the corner
Since Tung Shing House closed its doors, unfortunately, this has become really the only good take out Chinese Place in the Forest Hills/Rego Park neighborhood. Their chicken with broccoli is really good and you get a choice of white or brown rice! Friendly service too, thanks!
Only had this a couple of times, and it was good, but not awesome.  I liked the General Tso's dinner special, tasty and good value.  Did not like the Lo Mein at all.  I haven't yet tried any of the Sichuan menu though, which seems to be their specialty...  Delivery comes pretty quickly - I've never eaten in.
Authentic Chinese, quality meat the General Tso's chicken is delicious and prepared in a unique way using cabbage, perfectly fried yum!! The most authentic Chinese I have had for fast food take out,and my husband and I are selective and we love this place!
I go here regularly for take out. The food is high quality and not expensive. Recommend the American Chinese food if you're like me and don't like spicy food, but you can also order the real Szechuan and get the heat.
Been eating at this restaurant for years. Only Chinese restaurant in the area I like. Don't bother with lunch/dinner specials. They fill "special" trays mostly with rice. Sometimes they serve tough chicken, which isn't totally edible. Most of the time they serve food that is decent enough to eat. Your best food will be served if you eat in at the restaurant. Take-out isn't as good as eat-in but still ok. Staff is very friendly. I usually eat chicken with broccoli, or bean curd family style. Scallion pancakes are tasty too. I don't like their egg drop soup.
I only order off the "authentic" part of the menu, but this is the best Chinese food I've found around Forest Hills. Great service and good prices.
