Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House is the shizzle. Don't expect a 5 star restaurant. It's a local shop with character. A little dirty and lots of chinese going on. When you walk in. The overwhelming smell of noodle shop will hit you and opens up your appetite. A little dirty but what good & cheap asian spot doesn't have a little grit and dirt around? It's a walkup counter to order. CASH ONLY. Seat yourself. Enjoy a piping hot bowl of noodles. Big bowl of noodles for under 9 bucks. My go to is the Beef Stew & Tendon for only 7 bucks. I also usually get a cold appetizer as I wait. The dumplings are popular also and reasonably priced. All noodles are freshly made. You can watch on the side as they make it. I wish I didn't live so far from this place but it's a good bowl of noodles. Just look at the other reviews. Portions are large Noodles are fresh. Appetizers are good. Dumplings are good. Cheap. PRO TIP - eat it there! spend the 5 minutes and down your bowl there. It is that much better when you have it there because the noodles are fresh and soup is hot. PRO TIP #2 - Related to the tip above - 25 cents per take-out container. CASH ONLY. Eat it there. You have 5 minutes just do it!
Don't really understand the hype around their dumplings. They are alright but pretty standard to other places in flushing. But what I really like from here is the ma la soup. You can tell them how spicy you want it. The soup has a variety of stuff in it. Highly recommend!
Absolutely love this place!Come here for their beef stew noodle soup (#23). The beef is tender and the broth is delicious. The noodles are hand pulled and they're seriously some of my favorite noodles ever. Perfectly chewy and al dente. You can witness the hand pulled noodles made in front of you. I've also tried their beef hot and spicy noodle soup (#64). I like how there is a variety of toppings including prawns, sliced beef, sliced rice cakes, spam, lotus root, zucchini, and bok choy. I was surprised to find out that this dish comes with glass noodles and not their hand pulled noodles, which was a little disappointing, but it was still enjoyable nonetheless. Beware this dish is spicy. I got the mild and it was borderline too spicy for me. That mala spice is no joke.Some other items I've tried: the steamed dumplings (good), scallion pancakes (not bad but prob wouldn't get again), and their cold appetizers (I'm a huge fan). The noodle soups here all range from $5.50 to $7 which is an amazing deal and you get a huge bowl. The dumplings are $3.75 for 8 dumplings and cold dishes are all around $4-6. Can't really beat those prices.This place is self-serve. You just walk to the counter, order what you want, and wait for them to call your number. Cash only, no need to tip.
Been here twice now. Fried pork and leek dumplings were decent. Not the most flavorful filling but cheap and good with the chili oil. I had the #27 noodle with beef and tendons both times and each time the tendons were on the tough side but overall enjoyable. Right level of salt and texture was good. Interestingly, the beef was really tender.  Why they don't cook down the tendons more is puzzling.Wife had the special #28 which comes with a huge piece of bone marrow.It's pretty good value for the price and the food is okay in its category.  Flushing has few places better than this but if you're in the area and don't feel like going all the way up to Flushing then this isn't a bad shout.
The fact that this place is so popular with a whopping 4 stars rating is ridiculous. Their prices are high and not what I call cheap eats when it comes to Chinese food/dumpling houses in Queens. $2 for 4 pork and chives dumplings is actually considered expensive, FYI. The skin is also way too thick causing the dumplings to be soggy. Their beef pancakes are weird, flat, soggy, oily and have literally 4 slices of beef inside. At $3.75, these are also considered expensive. But the worse is that their overpriced pancakes can't justify anything because they taste so bad. Onto their noodle soups - $6.99 is a pretty normal rate for a noodle soup in a Chinese joint. Again, not cheap eats. Noodle soup wasn't bad, but the broth was way too oily and the beef in my beef stew and beef and tendon soups were way too chewy. Noodles were decent, but nothing to rave about despite them being freshly hand pulled. Sorry, but anything above 3 stars is beyond generous and I'm seriously thinking the people giving them this hype that they do NOT deserve have no taste.
Food: A variety of hand-pulled noodles to choose from. Happy to see a lot of veggies alongside my noodle, but the side dishes are really what's got me going.Service: Located in the neighborhood of Elmhurst, the staff can get a bit...utilitarian--for example, I brought my food up to the counter to ask for a box and the server pointed to the end of counter where the boxes are and told me to get them myself. But it's fine as long as you go along with it. It's strictly business and good food.Price: $6 for a plate of noodles enough for two.
Fried dumplings are great and plentiful. The noodle soups are good and make you work for them. No prizes for cleanliness, but a fast, cheap and tasty hole in the wall Chinese restaurant.
Whenever I need my noodle soup fix, this is my go- to local joint. Inexpensive, made to order, and massive portion sizes. I usually order the beef stew noodle soup and the last time I was there, I left with a food coma! The unlimited jasmine and green tea are also a bonus.
Homemade Chinese noodle shop that has some delicious plates, not the most tidiest or attractive of spots. But, if you're looking for some good noodles or dumplings this place is a good option and definitely worth a try.
Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House has been around for quite awhile now. It's delicious, yet affordable which is good for everyone. Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House offers variety of noodles soup, side dishes and dumplings. Also, this place is well known for their handpull noodles. I tend to order spicy, but the problem with that would be how oily it is instead of actuallyenjoying the spice. There are condiments set for each table which brings out the flavorsfor the dishes you've ordered. I tend to get myself a Vegetable Tofu Noodle Soup whichcomes with thin clear noodle, broccoli, tofu skin, firm tofu, bok choy, rice cake and alsochopped cilantro on top. There are other options for noodles, side dishes and dumpling.The Clear Fish Balls Noodles Soup is recommended for children and non-spicy eaters. The food doesn't take as long and the order should be called by numbers (Not all of thenumbers are in order so, keep a look out) Most beverages are around a dollar each andthere's a hot tea serve for free to clear your throat up after eating a greasy noodle soup.
This place puts the "dump" in dumplings. Restaurant is depressingly dirty. Condiments etc on tables are sticky with gunk. Tables aren't cleaned between patrons. Someone carrying soup to a table spilled a bunch on the floor and nobody made any effort to clean it up. I had a plate of fried pork dumplings and they were fresh, hot, leathery and bland. Even the chili oil was bland (and the container was gross). Admittedly I made only one visit, and maybe ordered the wrong thing. But I wouldn't go back. If you want a dump with great dumplings take the 7 out to White Bear in Flushing.
I am going to start with the positives. The portions are generous especially with the price you are paying for the dishes. In addition, you can taste that the noodles are hand pulled because they are very soft. The thickness of the noodles are also perfect. I also ordered boiled dumplings. They are good but nothing special. I have definitely had better.My negatives are mainly with the beef stew soup noodle that I ordered. Again, the noodles are great. However, I did not like the broth at all. It did not agree with my taste buds. In a noodle soup, the broth is critical because it adds most of the taste. In terms of the other ingredients in the dish, the beef is decent but I have eaten better and more tender beef. The bok choy was also sparse, maybe a couple of pieces.In comparison, I ate at my favorite hand pulled noodle spot in New York, Lam Zhou Hand Pulled noodles, down in East Broadway in Chinatown a few days before I tried Lao Bei Fang. The noodles are comparable at both spots. However, Lam Zhou has a tasty broth, great and very tender beef, and a lot of boy choy in their beef stew noodle soup. In addition, they have some of the best boiled dumplings anywhere compared to the average ones at Lao Bei Fang.I mulled giving Lao Bei Fang 2 stars because the description for 2 stars matches what I feel about : "Meh. I've experienced better". Nevertheless, Lao Bei Fang still has great noodles, generous portions, and very good prices. For this reason, I kept my rating at 3 stars. It is a decent spot in Elmhurst for hand pulled noodles but I will probably not eat there again. I have had much better noodle soups and there are a lot of great spots in Elmhurst.
Food is great, but needs more work on the hygiene.There are many excellent reviews on food, so I would focus my comments on the hygiene issue. (FYI my fav: steamed dumplings, scallion pancakes, and wonton noodles.)This place was a hole-in-the-wall before. It was smaller, and the countertops and the floor were kept clean. Now, with more seatings, they don't seem as attentive to it anymore.Cleanliness should be one of the highest priorities at a restaurant. I once saw a table whose underside is smothered with chili oil. I noticed it before I sat, because I tried to move the table. I wiped it clean but it might have ruined customers' clothes if went unnoticed.About what customers are asked to do to the leftover soup: It is a mess, but it seems to be an effort to separate the solids from the liquids. They could make it more efficient (eg installing a small sink - as some coffee shops are doing) - but customers effort to not spill would help, too. Common sense and a good manner goes a long way. Again, I am a big fan of the food at Lao Bei Fang.
Definitely recommend their pork and leek potstickers. $3.75 for eight, all juicy and authentic northern Chinese thick-skinned dumplings, full of flavor. (They were aware that their potsticker is a best seller so they pre-prepared a lot. It means you will be momentarily served which is essential for a quick bite.) I also ordered the braised beef belly noodle soup but it is not as excellent as the potstickers. The noodles are passable. The AC was not quite strong and cash only.
Wow! Its a real deal. Cheap & delicious! We spent less than $20 for a plate of dumplings & 2 bowl of huge noodles. Yummy! I got the beef stew & my friend got the beef tendon & tripe noodle. It was delicious! From the soup, meat & noodle. It was perfectly cooked. We didn't even finish the dumplings since the bowl of noodle is huge & filling. Delicious food, fast service & cheap! What more can you ask for?! You must come here hungry & you won't regret!
Alright, I am in love with this place. $3.75 for 8 deliciously fried dumplings. Need I say more? Needless to mention those hand pulled noodles! My appetite doubles and my natural serving multiplies by 2. I am a firm believer in "you get what you paid for" but I can't stress enough how much more they give for so much less. The taste - fantastic. The wait - short. Convenient, fast, cheap and perfect to grab a bite.
If you are looking for Fried Dumplings, Boiled Dumplings, Steam Dumplings- this is the place to go and they are open late too. Have not tried their pulled noodles yet.Started checking into this place recently, and had cravings for dumplings. Who can beat the price. 8 dumplings for only $3.75. Like the filling too and fills my tummy.
Great dumplings. Preferred the fried over steamed. The soups looked really good.  Definitely a spot I'd return to. Cash only.
This restuarant is one of my favorites. The staff are always nice. I always enjoy the wonton noodle soup and the dumplings when I come here. I will continue to stop by again.
I've bookmarked Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House for quite some time and was super excited to finally come by on Saturday for lunch. This place is almost always crowded but luckily there were plenty of seats when I got here around 12:45pm - it did fill up soon after. You stand in line to order and pay, then take your receipt with the number and seat yourself. When your number is called, you get your food. Self-service, no tipping necessary. Help yourself to some hot tea and sauces, but strangely the utensils are behind the counter. As I wasn't particularly hungry, the husband and I decided to share 1 order (8 pieces) of steamed pork and leek dumplings, 1 order (8 pieces) of pan fried pork and leek dumplings, and a bowl of beef hot & spicy (#64 from the back of the menu). - Pork and leek dumplings: Very delicious, definitely one of the better dumplings I've ever had. Generous in size too. I prefer the steamed ones over the pan fried ones as I felt the skin on the latter was a little too thick and chewy. My husband said he saw the pan fried dumplings come out of a steamer so who knows how long these were fried prior to and just sitting there keeping warm until it's sold. They sell a pack of 50 frozen pork and leek dumplings for $13.50 - I'd definitely be buying them next time to make at home. Yum.- Beef hot & spicy: I was disappointed at first when I received the order and saw that this noodle soup does not come with hand-pulled noodles, but vermicelli. Nonetheless, I thoroughly enjoyed it and cannot wait to order this again in the future - perhaps I can ask them to see if I can substitute the noodles next time? The broth was perfectly spiced, there were a generous amount of fatty beef, and a variety of mumbo jumbos in there such as sliced rice cakes, spam, lotus root, fried tofu, cilantro, and miscellaneous veggies. Fabulous!This restaurant surprisingly has an "A" in sanitation letter grading - like, really ridiculously surprising. The restaurant is dark, dingy, and just sort of gives me the heebie jeebies. However as a Chinese-American I grew up thinking that the dirtier the place is, the better the food. Haha. I really like the food here and would certainly be back... very soon.
I love this place, it has the most authentic NorthEast Chinese food and it feels like back home for me. Plus, the prices are good, and they could customize your dish according to your preferences sometimes. It is the best of it's kind, I think.
Came here with hubby the other day when we were both in the mood for noodles. This is my first time here. This place looks so disorganized and messy, but the business is very good. I wonder why...The noodles were very good, it was chewy and full of elasticity.  However the soup base was very salty, I can just taste full spoon of MSG in every bite! Hubby said the same thing too so I know it wasn't just me.We sat right next to the cashier and I noticed that at least 2 people came back with their food because it wasn't fully cooked. It was dumplings... This is a self service place, so no tips needed. Your order at the counter, they will call you to pick up and then you dump the leftover and the bowls near the front door bin.
The "pork and leek dumplings" and the "scallion pancakes" are really good. Inexpensive and delicious? Count me in!
Love their fried beef noodle!just remember it's the "thin" noodle,come with alot veggies,yummy!
I feel like I have the globe in my belly. This tiny restaurant specializes in serving large portions of hand-pulled noodles filled with ingredients. It wasn't the best soup base but their noodles definitely had a very unique Northern Chinese taste.The owner seemed very eager to seat us but my party was unable to maneuver comfortably in this small busy space. Note that this restaurant is not good for large parties (5+ people). Also, be prepared to self-serve (get your own plates, chopsticks, napkins, and complimentary tea). But don't get me wrong; its still a great spot for traditional handmade noodles, especially if you're feeling like you have a big appetite.Main Course Selection:- Tendo & Beef Hand-Drawn Noodle Soup ($5.50)- Seafood Sauteed Hand-Drawn Noodle ($6.75)- Lamb Meat Hand-Drawn Noodle Soup ($6.50)- Beef Tendo & Tripe Hand-Drawn Noodle Soup ($5.50)- Meat & Bean Sauce Hand-Drawn Noodle Soup ($4.75)- Pork & Leek Fried Dumplings ($2.75)- Steamed Mantou Roll ($0.75)
This is my new favorite go to place. You place your order and they have tea out that you can help yourself to while you wait. The pork fried dumplings are amazing. It's so crunchy and soft at the same time. I also ordered the pork hand pulled noodles and I've never tasted noodles so fresh and delicious. I am definitely coming back here again. It's great food and portions for a great price.
I've been searching for a place for fried dumpling for a while and I've found it!! The dumplings are great and worth the price at $2.75 for 8. The dumplings themselves are huge and have a decent amount of filling, they're definitely not skimping. The place is decently clean,I  didn't see anything disturbing or un-appetizing about the place. Fast service. I  recommend this place for anyone who lives in the Elmhurst area and want a quick bite.
I discovered Lao Bei several years ago because I was taking a short cut down Whitney Ave. to avoid the weekend traffic. I took note of there yellow & red banner "Hand-drawn noodle coming Soon." When I did come my family became a fan and often lunch on there dumplings and hand-drawn noodles with assortment of add-ons. We usually order from the menu hand-drawn on the pink neon cardboards and just ask for dumplings by name.The noodle maker is usually the lady and the husband will all be at the store on weekends. Sometimes the two young sons are playing in or outside the restaurant.The seating area is short and very tight so watch out for bowl of hot soap being carried. I always get take-out and not really comfortable eating in such tight quarters. I just can't enjoy myself if I'm uncomfortable but if you want the freshness of the hand-drawn noodle experience then eat it right there!The noodles are great and fresh; you can watch the noodle maker stretch your noodles in less then a minute; she has it down to under 3o sec. these days and I finally was able to capture her flinging and stretching the noodles in middle air with my cheap camera. (see posted photo "Whip it!")The soap broth is tasty but sometimes on the salty side.  My favorite is beef flexor tendo noodle soup and fish ball noodle soup; both are only $4.95.The fried dumplings are good, the boiled veggie dumplings are OK; I think they over chopped the veggies (looks like they used a food processor because the pieces are so even).The sesame pancakes are great also; I have learn not to get to much pancake because it fills me up quickly.Enjoy...
I came to this area after I got my rental car from LGA as I was very hungry.  When I got here, i was fortunate able to find street parking about 1.5 blocks away.  Walked over, and was not overly impress as it's very small, and crowded.  I didn't feel like waiting, so I walked around and went to pho place instead for dinner.OK...so why am I writing this review?  Well, the pho place I went was a major disappointment.  Although my stomach was full, but my mind was still on trying Lao Bei Fang.  As I wasn't sure when I'll be back here again, thought I would stop by to see if they have something small as a take out and eat it later at my hotel.As mentioned earlier, this is a very small restaurant.  As with many of the restaurants here, I guess you just automatically share a table with strangers, or wherever you can find room.  As I was quite full already, I noticed their dumplings were their speciality as it was something like $4.50 for 12.  They had a list of cash prices on friend dumplings, based on how many you order.  I thought for under $5, this was a good deal.  Keep in mind, I'm stuffed already, so I had basically force myself to eat these 12 dumplings.So this review is really on just the dumplings, which is what they're known for.  I certainly would like to return to try other dishes as they all seemed very fresh and authentically made.  Just be sure to bring cash.
Great noodle soup and amazing dumplings.  Whenever we are in the area or in the mood for noodle soup, we make a stop.
I came here because of the great reviews on Yelp. You did not disappoint!One of the best Wonton hand pulled noodle soup. The broth was so flavorful, not the usual MSG filled yellow colored broths. The filling of the Wonton was flavorful with scallions. Seaweed, veggies were also in the broth. $4.75, you can't beat that. I'm sure I'll be here more often during the cold winter months.Totally Chinese comfort food. The pan fried dumplings were huge. 8 pieces for $2.50, not the best but very filling.
Started coming here 7 years ago, when they were at their old location around the corner. In the time since I have yet to taste better dumplings. Full of flavor, filling and great crispy texture(unlike many of the jelly-like dumplings you'll find in the area) at a reasonable price. I'll admit I've yet to eat any of their other dishes, with the exception of the scallion pancakes, but their dumplings are that good. In addition there is always good and quick service, with plenty of seating. Have brought many people here over the years and would recommend it as a must stop place if you are in the area. I only wish they would deliver.
My favorite noodle place :) they have the most authentic northern chinese noodle soups and hand pulled noodle. Most likely you will find me here every Sunday evening. The buns are okay, I have tried better ones. The dumplings are pretty decent. You have try the lamb bone noodle soup and ma la tong. Definitely recommend. FYI this is a cash only place.
These guys used to be a great place to fill up oneself on the cheaper side but they jacked up their prices recently in many areas, although not everything. The boiled dumplings are quite good but aside from that, this place just doesn't grab me as much as it used to. There are a lot of options for this kind of food in just Queens alone, so that definitely plays a factor in the relative goodness of this place.
I found this on Yelp and we went according to these pictures we uploaded October of 2010 and got take out and I left the pictures up and didn't review it until now. 3 stars is being generous. Due to the economy it is a good deal.  It's a sad, filthy mess! That is just  the restaurant. I think as far as the actual food goes in my opinion it is one and a half to 2 stars. You guys who think it's great I guess you never had dumplings before! But I get home made dumplings at home and have come to realize there are no great dumpling restaurants in NYC. I give up!
First step in, there was a horrible odor that raised and kicked me in the face. Going to give them a break because it was a raining day which might be the reason to the smell.. Good place if you looking for some good noodle soup that is fast, cheap and filling. As we sat down, notice a lot of the table were not wipe. As my boyfriend and I were slurping on the noodles, the odor of whatever it is was making us lose our appetite. Half way done we had to throw away the noodles an clean up after ourselves and I notice the cause of that smell... It was the garbage that was filled with undisposed (left over) noodles... The sight of it just makes me want to gag. I wonder how they manage to get an "A" on their window. The food was good but not good enough if I had to go through the same experience.
I've been getting soup and dumplings here for a couple of years now. Can't beat the fresh noodles. I drive 20 min to get their soup. If your taking soup out ask for the noodles separately. Their dumplings are tasty, probably the best around the neighborhood.
1 star for food. Went here to buy food for take out (bone marrow noodle soup & dumplings) was waiting for my order i was seated on an empty table,  one of their waitresses an old chinese lady started shouting at me talking to me in Chinese, I told her I can't understand her, took my receipt and was forcing me to stand to move away, so a family could sit down. Well i can stand up and move to a different seat if she asked me nicely, i stood up and felt embarassed, one of the younger waitresses thank God who can speak english looked at me with an apologizing face and I told her that woman was rude. Will never go back again no matter how much i like the noodle soup.
I honestly don't like dumplings very much, but this place has AMAZING dumplings!! And for a super cheap price too! I had the leek and pork ones and was blown away because I don't usually like leeks. The meal inside was juicy and flavorful and the leeks were nicely cooked. The skin was chewy with such great texture.I had their hand pulled beef noodle soup too and was again, surprised by the delicious noodles and soup base! Definitely add a bit of spice in there, it enhances the flavor of the soup and noodles a lot. For just $5 bucks you get an insane amount of noodles that will keep you busy eating and staying full for a while.
Lao Being Fang is the place to go should you ever crave dim sum in or around the Elmhurst area. Eight dumplings took a mere three bucks and some change out of my wallet--not bad at all! I usually order their delicious beef noodle soup, which is generously portioned and tastier than most pho around the restaurant's vicinity.
~~~3.5~~~There is nothing like raindrops and chilly weather to put one in the mood for soup.  I have been waiting for an opportunity to try the hand-pulled noodle soup at Lao Bei Fang and the weather proved the perfect time to do so.  As suggested by Roger F., I opted for #27, the beef combination noodle.  It came in a huge bowl, almost big enough for one to give an infant a bath. The fragrant aroma of basil and parsley merged with the scent of tender beef as I looked at the steam rising from the bowl gave so much comfort on this cold and rainy day. The hand-pulled noodles were al dente, sort of giving a little tug as you bite into it, which is a texture I appreciated.  Predictably, I was not able to finish it and had to ask for a container. At $5.50 ($0.25 for the container), it was a great and filling meal, perfect for the cold weather.  And I will certainly try to remember bringing my own container next time. ~_-
Had an awesome, off-hour lunch here on a Sunday.  It's a small, kinda dingy place, but the food was outstanding.  We ordered the noodles with chicken (like a lo-mein), boiled veg dumplings, and vegetable noodle soup.  Portions are huge and the noodles are thick and chewy.  I loved everything we got.  They don't skimp on veggies either - my soup was chock full of them.  Make sure to get some chili oil poured on top for extra kick.  Free hot tea was a nice perk.Bottom line: amazing and cheap food.  I don't live nearby but will definitely make sure to get back here soon.
This is probably the best deal you find around Elmhurst. (I have a hard time finished my meal every time!) Their noodle soup is perf for rainy and chilly days. I've had the mixed home style noodle soup, which is spicy. Although I appreciated the soup and the heat, I didn't really like how "mixed" the contents of the bowl really was... It came with prawn, calamari, some slices of beef, zucchini, bok choy, 2 fish balls and some 2 strands of thick glass noodles... Huh, what a medley! I've also had the brown sauce chicken noodle soup which had ample amount of chicken in it. (I believe the brown sauce refers to how they made the chicken? The cashier didn't really explain it to me well enough...) What really stood out to me was the noodles--duh. I love love love the chewiness of hand-pulled noodles. Don't wear a white shirt if you go here... These noodles are long and it's very possible that you will unknowingly have the soup splash onto your outfit, especially if you have to add like 2 tablespoons of hot oil into it like I do.I'm usually a fan of steamed dumplings but I had to try the pork and leek dumplings fried, thanks to the Yelp reviews. They left me satisified but I think I liked the chewy doughy wrapper more than the stuffing itself. (Do you see how important chewiness is to me yet?) They were very well worth $1.50 for 4 because they were a good size and juicy!One time I had to take home half of my noodle soup and they made me pay 25 cents for a the bigger plastic container? Weird, but hey, 25 cents won't kill me. And something else I found a little weird: this place got an A??? I mean the bucket, where you pour your leftover soup into, next to the regular trash ain't A status. But anywho, happy slurping!
The place gets pretty packed during lunch time, but the food is really good and cheap too. Noodles are on point, nice and chewy. Dumplings are great especially for the price. The service is really fast too. You don't have to wait long if you're really hungry.
I have been here twice in November and each time the noodle soup was excellent.  I have ordered the shredded pork noodle soup (#15 - $4.75), beef stew noodle soup (#23 - $5.50) and beef hot and spicy (#64 - $5.95).  The first two soups are hand-pulled noodles, but the last one is vermicelli noodles.  I liked the hand-pulled noodles, I mean the broth was excellent, but I love vermicelli noodles.  Not only that but the soup was very spicy and it had over 11 different vegetables in it.  If you are uncomfortable with eating vegetables, don't get beef hot and spicy.  The noodle are great, but there is a long wait.  It's probably due to the fact that they make the noodles as soon as you order it.  Also, you get free unlimited amount of tea and you do not need to pay tip.  Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House also have hot oil, so you can add more spice into your food.  If your soup gets too spicy, you can buy a soy milk for $1.50 to cool down your mouth.  Be careful, the hot oil is very spicy, so if you are not use to it, try putting a dot of it in your food.
I used to eat spicy beef noodles for breakfast and lunch almost every single day while living in China. After a bit of yelping, I trekked over to Lao Bei Fang with high expectations, but found the noodle soup (beef and tendon, #27) disappointing. Service was fast and you get a HUGE portion for $5.50, so the price is right. Unfortunately, I could barely make it halfway through before feeling like the grease was congealing in my stomach. I have no problem with grease when a dish is worth it, but the broth itself was pretty flat, with little dimension beyond the initial saltiness. They were generous with the toppings but the beef was average - reasonably so though, considering the price. Same with the noodles, fresh and homemade, but far from the best I've had. TLDR: Come to this bare-bones joint if you want to fill up on a hearty meal and free tea, but don't go out of your way expecting a culinary epiphany or hole-in-the-wall gem. I'll update if I ever come back to try the dumplings!
It's always busy here no matter the time of day. This is a hidden gem in Elmhurst, best place for had drawn noodles. Even better than any place in Flushing!
Four solid stars, regardless of the negatives that are about to follow.Lao Bei Fang was once my dumpling mecca in all of NY. Note: was once, but I'm not saying I've strayed for another. I'll forever have a spot in my heart for this place. You should've seen the state of grief I went through when I thought Lao Bei Fang had sold the place because I didn't see the original owners behind the counter. It was a very miserable few weeks for me until I noticed their new location. They unfortunately (yes, unfortunately) moved down the block to expand.Since moving from their original location on Whitney Ave to a bigger space on Broadway with larger tables, flat screen TV's, an expanded menu, and hot pot (OK, getting weird now), the quality of the dumplings began to suffer. Here's the thing -- at the old Whitney Ave location, the dumplings used to come out fresh from the frying pan, still hot with a crispy bottom crust. At the new Broadway location, the dumplings are fried and left to sit inside a heated enclosure, causing them to come out warm with a soggier bottom crust. Not only has the quality gone down, but the dumplings have also shrunk in size.So what earns Lao Bei Fang a solid four stars even though this dumpling house's dumplings aren't extraordinary anymore? Their saving grace -- the HOT CHILI OIL. I had to emphasize that. Lao Bei Fang: bottle it and sell it. I would still pay for it at the market even though I sneakily take so much from you as it is!The noodle soups are all great and very filling, too. This is a great spot for a cheap, but quality lunch.And for cleanliness: they have an "A" rating. Don't complain if your table hadn't been wiped down before you sat there. Be glad that their kitchen is clean, along with the food you're being served!
If you are used to the deep-fried mystery meat-filled dishes of most typical American-style Chinese takeouts in Queens, Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House is not for you. I'm not an expert in Chinese cuisine, but the food here strikes me as authentically Chinese, as Chinese people actually eat here. I suspect that is because the food is simply amazing. From the perfectly fluffy and succulent pork buns to aromatic and rich noodle soups, you really cannot find a dish here that isn't exceptionally tasty. My tastes are fairly simple; I usually order the chicken sautéed noodles and the pork-and-leek dumplings, but I've tried much of the menu, and have never had a complaint. My only quibble with this place is that it doesn't deliver. But it's worth the 20-minute walk from my place.
These dumplings are the real deal. Better than anything kicking around Manhattan Chinatown, for $1.25 you can be transported to 'hopefully pork but maybe mystery meat' dumpling heaven. Cover everything in their house made smoky chile sauce and you are ready to go.I haven't ventured too far into the noodle soups although just about everyone else in the restaurant is constantly slurping away, so I can only assume the best.
Came here with my brother and a friend who recommended this place.First thing I noticed when stepping inside was that it had quite a number of tables but with all the people standing on line it seemed smaller than it really is.  The next thing I noticed were the big garbage receptacles on the right side by the door.   Not sure I'd like sitting around that.  There are 2 receptacles marked "soup" and I guess the big one in the middle is for everything else.This place reminds me of lots of eateries in Australia where you go in, place your order, find a seat and then wait until they call your number to pick up your food.We ordered some fried dumplings to share and then both my brother and I had the hand pulled noodles.  I had the pork and my brother had the beef.  The pork hand pulled noodle came in a large bowl filled to the top.  Plenty of green veggies and slices of pork with some hot chilli oil over on the pork side.  I mixed everything around so that I'd get a good taste of everything in every chopstick full.  All utensils are plastic but the soup spoon is too small.  I've had bigger ones and for this kind of food, you really need a bigger one to get a good mouthful.  The hand pulled noodles were nice and fresh and was not overcooked so it had a really nice 'bite' to it.  I tasted the soup base before I mixed everything around and it didn't have that much flavor.  After mixing the chilli oil and the meat and veggies together, you really didn't get much of any other flavors coming through in the soup except for the heat of the chilli.The fried dumplings were OK.  The filling, pork and chives were good, but nothing exceptional.  The dumpling wrapper was too thick for my liking.  All in all, the noodle dish was good and the fried dumplings were OK, but the biggest selling point of this place is the prices.  The two big bowls of noodles and the dish of fried dumplings (8 pieces) came out to $14 and change.  Are you kidding?  That's old Chinatown prices. I'd recommend this place for a cheap, quick, filling meal or snack.
This is the best place that you can go to for genuine hand pulled noodles and freshly made dumplings! The food is excellent and the prices can't be beat!!! Most noodle dishes are around $6, and it's $2.75 for a dish of 8 dumplings... They have many other snack type dishes too, but I always fill up on noodles and dumplings! It just can't be beat!! You know it's good when you walk by and the place is packed most of the day... When I was there the other night, the manager/owner was walking around the dining area, constantly sweeping up after people and wiping down tables after they had left. Remember to take care of your own trash! The receptacles are by the door where you came in.
Lao Bei Fang is definitely one of the cheapest places in the area for noodles and dumplings.. I mean hand-pulled noodles AND pan fried dumplings for under $10? How could you go wrong, right?Well... Okay, I won't be sooo brutal. Yes, this cafeteria style eatery is is cheap - and you definitely get what you pay for here. I can't help feel, though, that they're trying to emulate three really great places in Flushing (one for noodles, one for cold-a la carte innards, and one for dumplings). The dumplings, while they are okay, are generally waiting for you to order them regardless of whether you want them steamed or fried. They will be pre-finished, even during peak time, in advance and will most likely be sitting in a warming tray way before you enter the establishment. This is such a fried-food no-no! The a-la-carte is.. okay. The usual fare includes pig ears, seaweed, etc. The hand-pulled noodles come in the usual varieties (lamb, beef, etc) but are usually rubbery from both the batter and from being overcooked. The only thing I love about Lao Bei Fang is their chili oil. Perfection. Too bad it doesn't make up for the food it's served with.To sum it all up, Lao Bei Fang would not be a go-to place for me for dumplings, for cold meats,  or noodles but more of a back up place to go to. There are better places a short distance away on the 7 train that would better satisfy me... and probably you.
I gotta drop this down to 3 stars. The food is still a great value but after coming here a few more times I realized that there's nothing in particular I love about the place. All the food is very good, none of it is great flavor wise to me.
I live in the neighborhood and have passed by this place MANY times. I didn't realize how awesome it was until I saw it on yelp and realized it's only a couple blocks from where I live. Tonight my brother and I went there for dinner and wow for $14.15, we got 4 (pork) dumplings, 2 buns (one veggie and one pork), and two hand pulled noodle soups (veggie, pork). My brother could not stop stuffing his face with the bun and the dumplings. When I asked him which one was better, he kept saying what ever he was currently eating. At the end, however, he decided that the pork fried dumplings were the best. He couldn't make a dent in his noodle soup. There was SO MUCH it's ridiculous that it costs less than $5 for a bowl of such large heaping pile of noodles and awesome soup. The veggie noodle soup was really great. It was loaded with vegetables and my favorite, mushrooms. They put in a couple of different types of mushrooms and there were leeks and bean sprouts. It was very refreshing. As I write this, I'm slowly going into a food comma, but a very happy one. I am so glad that this eatery is so near by to my house and that it's so hella affordable. DEFS bringing my boyfriend to this MANY times. Totally worth.
I've been going to this place since high school! Back in 2008 when they used to be a smaller restaurant around the corner. They have never lost their quality in food over the years. My favorite is both the beef and beef stew noodle soup. And the fried dumplings of course!
Great noodles!!! I always go for the pork n leek dumplings. Inexpensive n good food!!
Last weekend I made the trek through the crazy Saturday traffic on the L.I.E. to go check out Lao Bei Fang (what I wouldn't do for some good food...). I didn't even know there was a Chinatown in Elmhurst!!...and I wanted to check out some Chinese food that was somewhat off the normal beaten path.Anyway, Lao Bei Fang did not disappoint! Succulent boiled pork and leek dumplings (I picked up two orders), scallion pancake w/ beef (Mita's favorite), roast pork bun, beef & beef tendon noodle soup and lamb meat noodle soup, all for a little over $20. Even saw the gentleman behind the counter making fresh, hand pulled noodles. This is NOT your typical Chinese cuisine, and trust me it is VERY delicious! I will be back to sample more! And next time nice lady behind the counter...PLEASE don't forget the dumpling sauce on the take out order (lol)
This is definitely the place to go for dumplings in Elmhurst. Get them steamed. I know, everyone loves dumplings fried and I just can't figure out why. The skin can rarely handle the frying process, it comes out too hard and tough, sometimes it even splits open. But steamed dumplings are tender and cooked perfectly, are great with sauce- totally superior if you ask me. They do take longer though, I've stood waiting for them (because they're made fresh) for 10-15 minutes. You also have to order a minimum of 8, not 4, for $2.75. And it's totally worth it. I also don't know what the story is with the place around the corner on Whitney Avenue. Apparently that was their old location and this is their new one, but there is still a dumpling house on Whitney (Lao Kou Wei), so the whole thing has always confused me. What you need to know is that this location is better.
Had great pork and leek dumplings and a beef noodle soup recommended to me by the hostess. The half order of callion pancakes weren't the best, but it was a big portion I didn't mind! Cheap, delicious and nice employees.
Stopped by here to pick up some quick dinner after being in the area since cooking on the weekdays is a luxury with a little one running around causing havoc in the house.  The wife was in the mood for some good dumplings and hand pulled noodles and found this place on Yelp so we decided to check it out.  You have to order at the front counter where they will give you a ticket with a number on the receipt where you order will be called when ready.  We went ahead and ordered fried pork and leek dumplings, boiled pork and leek dumplings in a soup and one order of hand pulled noodles with pork and veggies.  Yes it was a pork craving night!I figured for this rather small order, it should come out quick since it doesn't take ages to make noodles and the dumplings were already cooked.  Guess I was wrong on that!  We waited over 25 mins for this which is completely unacceptable.  Even after asking the counter girl how long it would take, we had no choice but to sit there.  I told myself this better be well worth it.  Nope wrong again.  The fried dumplings were not hot and tasted pretty soggy.  They must have been cooked sometime during the day and left out instead of making fresh ones.  The hand pulled noodles also did not taste as good as other occasions from Flushing.  Only the boiled dumplings were acceptable even though I didn't have one because I was already so turned off with the fried version.  I'm still baffled and unsure why this place has good reviews because it's a complete let down for us.  Highly doubt we will give this place another go unless we are desperate for food but I'd much rather trek to Flushing for better quality food.  Cash only as well.
It's a no-frill, honest eatery. Opposite of glamorous.  We come here a lot for the hand-drawn noodle soup. My daughter eats A LOT whenever we come here. The lady behind the counter (owner, or rather, owner's wife) is very friendly, she sometimes gives a piece of dough for my daughter who then sits there and mimics the noodle maker. Our favorite is the noodle soup with shredded pork and cabbage, and the one with wanton. We have never tried the hotpot, though one of these days we will.
Very nice food. Love almost everything in this restaurant. Also, price is unbeatable. I usually get the beef noodle soup there with little spicy.
This is their second storeGreat dumplingsGreat hand drawn noodlesTraditional Chinese food not the fake take out food !!Seats so you can sit and relaxCan get crowded so be prepared to wait for your food during peak dinner lunch time
Big portions, lots choices, cheap, delicious -- why would I complain?The eating tables aren't the cleanest. Most people order to go. The hand pulled noodles are made on the spot, very authentic & fresh.A very Chinese place, it reminds me of those authentic restaurants in towns in China.
Recently my girlfriend and I were on a mission to compare the great dumpling houses in Chinatown and declare a winner. It was down to Prosperity and Vanessa's both on Eldridge St. Prosperity we thought had better and cheaper dumplings while Vanessa's had better sesame pancake sandwiches! But Now!!! The dumpling king in my book is Lao Bei Fang dumplings!!!!!! Oh Man were they tasty!!! The pork filling inside was so much tastier with huge pieces of chives and a thin and perfectly cooked skin, crispy on the bottom and thick enough not to fall apart but not overly doughy! The steamed dumplings are just as good too!You gotta dip then into soy sauce and their hot oil pepper flakes!! (they offer 4 or 5 different condiments! And they don't water them down like they do EVERYWHERE else!!!!) And I haven't even gotten to their HandMade noodles yet!!! Each batch is made to order! So you'll see a short show of stretching and twisting dough and it magically becoming thin noodles!! So with the handmade noodles there's a bunch of noodle soups to choose from, I tried the beef noodle stew while my girlfriend had the beef noodle soup. Both were pretty similar however the stew had huge pieces of meat as opposed to strips of beef in the soup. Portion sizes are huge!! It seemed as if the noodles were never ending! I just found my new dumplings and soup spot in Queens! So much closer to home than Chinatown!!! Life is good! ;)
It's always packed here on the weekends! They're known for their dumplings-which I havent tried yet. But my favorite is the Beef Stew Noodle Soup. Even though it takes a while for your order to be served, it's worth it cuz their portion is huge! Lots of noodles, tons of meat, veggies and the broth is to die for. Their dish can be a bit salty- but I love salty food! The bowl is a little less than $6 after taxes!
This place is OOOHHH OOOHHH OOOOHHH so goodBig portion, cheap, and tasty!My boyfriend said he wants to marry the old woman who made the dumpling, it's just that good..
Delicious chili oil, my bf and I are addicted. We try to scoop more chilis and not get too much oil (I'm already eating fried food for goodnes sake haha).My bf, Brian, grew up in the area and gets the Fried Dumplings (pork & leek) weekly. They must be good!There are somewhat limited options for a strict vegetarian but they have decent veggie dumplings, veggie filled steamed buns, OK egg scallion/leek pancakes and turnovers. The chili oil is really where it's at, regardless of what you order.
I think this place is has the best dumplings in NYC, apart from Joe's Shanghai that is.For the price it's a crazy steal.. Their noodles are just ok, a bit greasy.. If they can make a better broth, they'd really be putting those hand-drawn noodles to good use. I had a bowl with beef once but only ate half of it because I felt like the grease was going to pour out my ears.Just get the dumplings, nothing else, frozen is good too if you want to take em home
I wish they could help with the language barrier .  Preety awesome dumplings. Did I mention $2.75.
Nice restaurant, small cozy space.The good: The food is excellent, price is very fair (anywhere between 5-7 bucks for a huge bowl of noodles or $2.75 for 8 big fried pork dumplings)Friendly staff.The bad:I agree with the other reviews that it isn't the cleanest restaurant in the world, but it's not ridiculously filthy either. Either way, I don't really mind, but if you're a huge germaphobe then it might bother you.
Don't be fooled by its name. As everyone else has noted, its specialty is not the dumplings but the NOODLES. The long, chewy hand pulled noodles. MHHHHH.I always thought I wasn't much of a fan of soup noodles, but Lao Bei Fang proved me wrong. The soup was so delicious and savory, the beef flavor fully infused in the soup. The flavor was even infused in the noodles. I got the beef tendon noodle soup, which had ample tendon and beef. Highly recommended! The other offerings were meh. The green bean congee had basically no green beans and the dumplings were not that great (didn't like the filling). The side vegetables that we ordered were okay, but nothing special. But the noodles were amazing, and you really shouldn't be ordering anything else.Did I mention it was cheap? Oh, and its crowded and may be hard to find seating, but that's part of the experience!
If you want authentic Chinese food of high quality with good portions at reasonable prices, this is your go to place. You will not be disappointed .
I was at Taco Bell the last time I recall being able to feed a group of four with just $10. It was also during the early 90's. What a great meal that was. "Yo quiero Taco Bell" didn't become a catchphrase for no reason. Yo quiero Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House tambien! It's just as cheap and satisfying but better! The food is made fresh, there are no preservatives, and definitely no mystery meat. Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House is still fast food but tastes homemade. It's food for your soul and not your gut. Thighs for some people. Let's be real. A trip to Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House is all about carbs and will result in heftiness.I had the Beef Stew Noodle Soup and it was delicious. I have only had Chinese beef stew soup once before from Kar Won in the Upper East Side. Lao Bei Fang's is milder and friendlier to the non adventurous and scared eater. It's not very spicy and the beef cut used wasn't so heavy on the muscle and tendons. The noodles were soft and very fresh tasting. Get a load of the man hand pulling the noodles. It's a sight to be seen and one to admire. The soup turns out only as great as his skill. There are no shortcuts taken and he is a pro.I found nothing spectacular about the dumplings. The fried dumplings are better than the steamed ones. The steamed ones are fatter and taste watered down. Consuming the dumplings are an easy way to feel full fast. I'd recommend going for the soup over the dumplings. It's unfortunate Lao Bei Fang is a dumpling house and not a soup house. The strength is in the latter.A nice addition to any dish is the Scallion Pancake with Beef. This was new to me and I immediately took a liking to the filled pancake. I would describe it as a light flat sandwich, crispy, and oniony.   The next time I find myself with a few bucks in my pocket, cold, and craving comfort food, I'll be sure to park myself at Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House. And if I happen to come across a little chihuahua, there is no chance I will be tossing it bites of food under the table. People food is bad for dogs, or so I've heard.
Awesome place, discovered this place many years ago and just went back today and it's still awesome . Must try the beef stew noodle soup add a Little spicy oil in large containers on most tables ,and you are good to go. Enjoy the self served complimentary tea as well.
Come For The Food, Stay For The...Well, You're Here, Just Finish Your NoodlesDon't let the name fool you, the real reason you'll want to come to LBF is for the hand-pulled noodles.  And what good are noodles without a decent brothy ensemble?  They've got that covered too.  I've gotten both the lamb and the beef, and every time the meats were tender and juicy.  I'm normally not a soup-sipper, but I try to drain my bowl every time, though the generously-sized portions make accomplishing that a fair challenge.You're not going to come here for a romantic evening, the place has the rough-edged decor of a heavily-trafficked New York restaurant: loud, bustling, and watch where you put your hands.  If it were serving American fare, I'd call it a greasy spoon.  But that's totally OK, becauuuuuse...IT'S CHEAP.  Less than 6 bucks will get you a big bowl o' noodles.  For neighborhood fare, that's good enough to be an impulse choice when the question comes up, "So, uh, what do you feel like having tonight?" "Lao Bei Fang?" "Yeah, sure, why not?"With that question (and a high Yelp rating) comes another question: how far would I travel for this?  The noodles are great, but are they worthy of a hike?  I hesitate to answer this; I don't know how good the noodles are in your neighborhood.  I'm not sure if I would truck out here if I lived in Manhattan or even Flushing, but considering it's in the same area that we do our grocery shopping, I'm more than happy to be a regular.
Ahhhh.... isn't great to live in a neighborhood that Food, Laundry, Supermarket is within 5 blocks of distance.  LOVE LOVE LOVE ELMHURST FOR THAT!I always see this place packed and aside from Ravi's ROTD, I have decided to come here with 3 of my girls (Rachel A. Stella D. and Sara) to give it a try (and for some INEXPENSIVE dinner).under 30 seletions of food.This is what we all ordered:Pan Fried Dumpligs       (4 pcs)   $   1.25Steamed Dumplings       (8 Pcs)  $   2.50Scallion pancake with Beef           $   2.253 Beef Stew Noodle soup              $ 12.001 Minced pork noodles                   $    4.002 sodas, 2 waters                            $    3.50                             GRAND TOTAL     $ 25.50That means, $ 6.50 per person for DINNER?  - I enjoyed my minced pork with vegetable soup, it was a bit blend, but the noodle taste was pretty good.   - Fried Dumplings were tasty!, chunks of pork and veggies!  - The Steamed Dumplings were alright, but Less greasy. - A PLUS for Beef Scallion pancake, It reminded us of Pecking Duck since they put hoisin sauce in between the pancake following by thin slices of beef.  Place is very small, so i got bumped by too many people and the slapping noise from the kitchen (Gentleman making noodles).  Chinese staff screaming at each other ordering.
This place is always packed and hard to find a seat, not good for a big party. The food is quite tasty for a self service restaurant. They have homemade noodles, highly recommend you to try those. You won't see many restaurant around making their own noodles.
This place is terrible. The waiter takes order very slow, is extremely rude and keep on yelling at customers. The food is also awfully bad and the plates look really greasy. It is the worst Chinese restaurant that I've tried so far.
Really good noodles if you are into spicy foods, or if you are not, and prefer vegetarian, try the vegetables noodles. The Chinese buns, tea eggs and scallion pancakes are good, too. Sometimes, I would order sweet potato congee, just because I prefer plain simple foods to spicy and flavorful dishes.
People have been mentioning this place and I became curious.  With its 4 star rating, dumplings, and hand-pulled noodles, I felt like it was time for me to try it.  But after checking it out twice, I have banned the joint.  Let me tell you why....2 weeks ago i stopped by for lunch with PC.  Upon arrival, we figured it was a self serve type of place where you ordered and picked up food from the counter.  So we placed our orders and waited.  While waiting, I noticed how popular the place was with a steady stream of customers.  The focus of Lao Bei Fang appears to be low prices supplemented with a high turnover.  As a result, the tables were filthy from neglect.  Consider it a lucky day if the grime on your table was from less than three customers prior!!!  Needless to say (but i will because it's my review!), I took the time to wipe the table down...When our food arrived, we were glad to see it was plentiful relative to the price.  Here's what we ordered....1.  eight pork and leek fried dumplings for $2.75 (no tax charged):yelp.com/biz_photos/lao-…A lot of dumplings at a low price.  But  I'm not a fan of them.  The skin is too thick and it's like eating chunks of dough. 2.  eight pork and leek boiled dumplings for $2.75 (no tax charged):yelp.com/biz_photos/lao-…I thought they had steamed dumplings because it said so in the dumpling section header of the menu.  But in the list of items they did not and only had pan fried or boiled.  So I wound up ordering these pathetic boiled dumplings instead.  They were the same as the fried dumplings as in....TOO MUCH DOUGH.  Some people might like it, but i like thin skinned dumplings, packed with filling, and STEAMED.  I don't know why people are calling them steamed.  The menu item line says boiled and do you really think they took the time to steam when they do such high volume?  THEY ARE BOILED AND NOT VERY TASTY, people.3.  beef tendo & tripe hand pulled noodle soup for $5.25 (no tax charged):yelp.com/biz_photos/lao-…PC ordered it.  He said it was plentiful, but it was whatevers.4.  pork hand pulled noodle soup for $4.50 (no tax charged):yelp.com/biz_photos/lao-…I liked the soup as it was a little spicy and had good flavor.  I definitely liked the pork which was super tender.  As for the hand-pulled noodles, sure they were fresh, but i didn't care for them.  It was like bland spaghetti which proved uneventful.  I'm glad the noodle guy took the time to make them from scratch though.  But the hand-pulled noodles here are probably foodie hype which isn't warranted.So that was the meal.  We left thinking it was pretty lame for a place to be called a dumpling house to have such inferior dumplings and could do without the hand-pulled noodles.  FUN FACT: i woke up in the middle of the night with my stomach grumbling.  I believe the food had upset my stomach.  But I'm not 100% sure...BUT THERE'S MORE:  I went back last week to see if my experience was a fluke as I couldn't believe my opinion was so off from the 4 star consensus.  I decided on a takeout order of spicy beef stew glass/clear noodles for $5.75 (no tax charged):yelp.com/biz_photos/lao-…  They looked OK in the container.  But after I poured it into a bowl, not so much:yelp.com/biz_photos/lao-…If you're cheap, it's a great deal.  But there's way too many vegetables, roots and fungus for me.  AND WHAT HAPPENED TO THE DAMN SOUP?!?!....yelp.com/biz_photos/lao-…The soup was not a soup at all.  It  was just chili oil.  It was like eating a chili oil entree out of a soup bowl.  I tried the "soup" and it was the equivalent of drinking the chili oil condiment jar at an Asian restaurant; utterly disgusting...    I was raised to finish my meals, but I threw this out after finishing less than half.  Later that night my stomach was grumbling again.  It's pretty obvious to me that the food here isn't as clean as it should be and I won't be returning.  I'm giving the restaurant a well deserved 1 star rating.  I think other reviewers have been blinded by the cheap prices and overlooked everything else in-between.  But if cheap prices were the key to a high rating, I'd be writing 5 star reviews for Costco because they give free samples all day....
Didn't try their potsticker. Only making reviews on their beef noodle and vegetable dumplings. Noodle was just average, and the vegetable dumplings were okay too. Nothing too fancy as unread from the reviews. Another thing, the service is a little sloppy. The cashier girl was looking at my bill for 30 second to check if it's a fake.. A bit offensive. And place is a bit dirty. Good things:  price is very cheap.
The old Lao Bei Fang noodle house had moved to this location.Unfortunately they just raised up the price of all food, the original $4.95 beef noodles are now $5.25, unlimited hot pot is now $19.95 (tip included)The food is still great with a much better location..
This has become Church for us, we come at least once a week. Their food is cheap considering how good and FRESH the food tastes! Pork and chive fried dumplings were amazing. 8 FOR $3 (tax included). Dumplings are crisp and the filling is very tasty. Awesome value. Can't ask for more.
ordered the scallions, fried dumplings and 27. beef tendon/beef noodle soup. my friend got the beef tripe/beef noodle soup. my family is from northern china and the dumpling tasted just like home. as for the noodles, they give you a GIANT portion - my guy friend can eat a LOT and even he was stuffed after we ate it all. broth was good, noodles were good, and you literally cannot beat the price of this place. can't wait to come back and try the congee, cold appetizers and get more yummy noodles!!!!
The food here is amazing and so so cheap. I had the sesame noodles which were amazing. The scallion pancakes were kind of dry. I would pass on those next time. The vegetable bun was great and the lamb noodle soup was very flavorful. The boiled vegetables dumplings were also delicious, but I think next time I'd like to try the fried ones, which looked so good. Another pro is that there is free self serve green tea.The only con is that the place can get super crowded and people are really pushy. There isn't much order and it's a little chaotic. Definitely worth it though.
Great place in Queens! Tired of Driving into China Town for good dumplings.The food here was really good, and the prices were awesome. Would come here again to avoid the China Town drive! lol
Because of its 4 star rating on Yelp, I decided to visit the place since I was craving dumplings and couldn't get it from my usual place (Prosperity dumplings in Manhattan's Chinatown) because I moved to Queens. On a rainy day, I was hoping to get just as good dumplings as prosperity's with juicy meat filling. Aside from the fact that I got the 'leftover dumplings' that were already pan fried and left out for 1-3 hours?, the dumplings were not as good as I anticipated. --The skin was too thick (this depends on your preference but thinner skin tastes better and gives you the right portion of meat and dough).--Meat wasn't juicy and a bit toughI felt like I was eating dough with meat as a side order. If you want good dumplings, go to Prosperity Dumplings in Manhattan! The dumplings may not be as big but it's 5 for $1. And here, I bought 8 for 2.75...
Hey someone's stolen my recipe for Beef Stew noodle soup! Though this place tastes pretty darn close to home made quality of noodle soups, I can't give them 5 stars.  I've tasted similar quality from other restaurants in Flushing.The dumplings are awesome though.  After I placed my order, a line of 10+ people formed and they were just ordering the dumplings.  Though they aren't made to order, but kept in a large wok to stay warm.  They're still great tasting and so cheap for $1.25!  Quality vs Quantity, we have a winner!  I love chives and these dumplings have em, but how is it possible for only $1.25?  How does this guy make the noodles in such a tiny cramped kitchen?It's really a hole in the wall type of business though.  And you must pay first before being served.  The clientele ranges from all races and ages.
Dirt cheap and clean (a rare combo), offering noodle soups to warm you for days. Healthy this ain't- you can feel the salt corroding your veins with each slurp- but for warmth and sustenance on a cold day this is a great choice. Use the chili they have on the tables for an extra kick.
I have been trying dumplings around Queens and Manhattan and found this place really amazing. I have had their beef noodles, scallion pancake, fried dumplings, green bean congee, thousan-year-egg congee, and pork bone soup. I would say they have awesome dumplings, good noodles, and mediocre congee and scallion pancake.$1 for 4 juicy fried dumplings, great. I think this place can definitely compete Vanessa's Dumpling House in Chinatown.
Honestly, I was a bit disappointed. I first thought, 4-stars! Must be great, but my beef noodle soup was actually just OK. Now, I might have a high standard, since I am comparing to other beef noodle soup places in Taiwan (some of these places have been running since the 50's), and some other restaurants in Alhambra, CA. The soup was saturated with soy sauce taste, and it's not filtered. I also suspect that they added potato starch to increase viscosity of the soup. There weren't enough bok choy to strike a balance between vegetables, noodle and the meat. But they give you a whole lot of noodle though, so that will definitely fill you up for two meals. Unfortunately, my noodle was all tangled up, which is a bit of a hassle to eat.
This place is a hole in wall but the noodles are mad good! CHEAP and no tips! Epic winner! I got the beef stew noodles for $6. Ample amount of space to seat and eat! I was happy after the noodles!
This place is awesome. Cheap and tasty.A Chinese restaurant without the standard menu. No General Tso's served here.First off, the Dumplings are awesome. They also have a  number of soups.Ask for it very hot. Lots of greens added to the soups.While the food is awesome, the decor is $%&*.Chairs are cheap outdoor furniture, etc.Don't bring someone here on a first date that you would like to impress....
Very genuine Northern China style dumpling and noodle, all fresh made. And unbelievable price. 2 thumbs up!
So I just threw up after eating here, because I ordered too much food and tried to finish all of it.  I really thought the portions would be a bit smaller.  Two orders of dumplings and hand pulled noodle soup, way too much for one person.  I had to throw away half the soup and store four of the dumplings.  I really tried to finish all of the dumplings because they really don't store very well, kinda like trying to put McDonalds in the fridge.  I kinda thought the dumplings would be like the ones at the bank across the street, tiny and not filled, WRONG!  They were more like the ones at the construction site down the street and filled to the brim.  My one issue with the place, and the reason I wish you could give half stars, is because the fried dumpling skin was a little too thick for my taste.  However, I know some people like it like that so I won't punish them for my own personal tastes.  All in all, for roughly ten dollars total, this was quite a bit of food, probably could have filled two people.
Great dumplings. Overstuffed, excellent flavor, tons of meat, and crispy bottom. Skin is a teeny bit thick. But that's generally the style of northern dumplings. Noodle soups with overflowing amounts of noodles in succulent broth.  No signs of excess grease in the broth. And easy to order cold and hot side dishes. Just point and ask.  Much better than most places in manhattan Chinatown.
I almost forgot!! They have the best tasting Scallion Pancakes I have ever tasted! and with that chili oil all over it just makes it crazy good!!
did take out almost a year ago... didn't like it...however, we had it at the place tgis time...amazing... loved the dumplingand thr price is also greathighly recommended :)
Sadly, I am not a fan and I had such high expectations after reading the reviews.   I ordered the beef stew noodle soup.  It was overwhelmingly salty; and I love salt but I felt like I was eating salt soup.  That is, until I got to the chewy hunks of tendon  that were attached to the small pieces of beef. And the hand pulled noodles were nothing exciting. I was expecting this amazing revelation of "Wow!  This is what fresh, hand pulled noodles taste like!"  Instead I tasted some noodles that were rather gummy, bland and a little tough.  I am bummed because I really wanted to like this place.   I also ordered a steamed pork bun, nicely seasoned but very tiny bite of pork at the center.   Finally, very divey.....translation: dirty.
Hm. They're good for cheap eats, but I wasn't blown away by any of things I've eaten there. I've yet to try their cold dishes (pig ears and what not)Dumplings - Too doughy for me. Nothing too special. I honestly prefer the Chinese Cart ones. Pork Bun - AVOID. No flavor what so ever. The bun wasn't sweet. After the first bite, I knew I shouldn't have ordered it. Hand Drawn Noodle Soup - I believe I had the spicy Beef. The noodles were perfection, but the broth I thought was pretty bland. Once you flavored it yourself with extra condiments, it's good to go.
I still remember when this place used to be Oz Tea Cafe, which I absolutely loved. However, I decided to give this restaurant a chance the other day -- um, best decision ever.The hand pulled noodles are amazing and ridiculously filling for the price of $5-7. Whatever bowl you order, I guarantee you will be full. Someone had mentioned the staff before, but I just want to reiterate that they are extremely friendly! They speak English and are just really sweet.Bonus -- if you're at the counter, and you see a gigantic drink dispenser on the right side of the restaurant: IT'S FREE GREEN TEA. Oh gosh, when I found it, I was deliriously happy. So yes, great place -- sit down, eat, relax. I miss Oz, but I'm glad that at least a successful restaurant took over.Your first time?Cailin's Recommendation- Wonton and Fish Ball Noodles: $5.25 (trust me, you can only eat one bowl)
I heard the noodles were homemade, I was in a rush to eat something comfortable before I get my wisdom tooth pulled out. The meal was great!
I love how Chinese food can be a quick and cheap meal. Usually cheap Chinese food is at the sacrifice of quality, however this place does not disappoint serving a variety of tasty dumplings, buns, hand-drawn noodle soups, and soups. Don't be intimidated as they do a very good job of writing the English names just below each Chinese description. They go so far as to explain the tripe dish as honeycomb tripe, so you know exactly what to expect. When you're ready, order at the counter (the lady speaks Mandarin but also speaks very good English) and your food is usually ready in 2-3 minutes. If you order it to stay, there is a lengthwise table that seats about 8 people and another two high counters with stools seating another 6-8 customers. The seating is all very cramped and you'll be sitting back-to-back and side-to-side with one another, so unless you don't have a place to take your food to, I'd recommend taking it to go. In the summer time, it can be grueling, since you're eating hot soup, and there are only a few fans to circulate the air. On each table, there is soy sauce, watered down Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce, and a homemade chili flake hot sauce.I ordered the Beef Stew Hand-Drawn Noodle Soup ($4.95) which is a decently sized bowl of very tasty beef broth, handmade noodles, delicious cubes of tender and fatty beef, cilantro (my favorite!), fresh baby bok choy, and some sort of Chinese pickled vegetable. What really shined were the handmade noodles, which you can watch the chef in the kitchen prepare as he twirls the dough in the air and spins it multiple times to give it a nice and airy texture. As soon as he was done prepping the dough into noodles, he would throw it into the boiling water to be served minutes later. It don't get fresher than that! I also ordered the Fresh pork and Chives Fried Dumplings (4 dumplings for $1.25) which were greasy but very tasty. Quite a few people were coming in and making several orders of these dumplings to go, and strengthening the consensus that these dumplings were quite popular. I might even venture to say that these dumplings might be just as good as my favorite dumpling shack located adjacent to the municipal parking lot on 41st Ave. in Flushing.  I also tried the Beef Hand-Drawn Noodle Soup ($4.95) which is a variation of the latter, but with slices of beef rather than chunks of beef found in the beef stew. I'm definitely a fan of their noodle soup and dumplings and will be finding myself coming back here again soon. When you're done eating, make sure to pour out the juices/broth in the white bucket near the front entrance. Although some put their empty bowls next to the garbage by the front window, empty bowls should be placed on the countertop by a small opening just to the left of the soda refrigerator.
The food isn't expensive and it's great. My favorite thing to get the spicy fish ball soup with glass noodles. Before they used to put only a little bit of glass noodles but now they put more than enough. I love it and come here almost every week.
I love their beef stew noodle soup and their dumplings are also great. I'm still eating my way through their menu and everything has been good so far. Prices are very affordable. Don't forget to take some chili oil and vinegar, and drink some of the free tea (self service). Tipping is not necessary (says their sign).
I have been to Dumpling Houses in Flushing, China Town, Union Sq, none of which comes close to this one. The dumplings here taste GREAT, and their hang pulled noodles are made right in front of you. Great place to go if you want a quick lunch or dinner. The place is very small, so there isn't much room to sit or fit a big group. And if you don't want to feel cramped, just take your order to go, taste just as good later on.
This is it.  The experience I had in Beijing.  The same kind at Lao Bei Fang Dumpling house.  No wonder it is ambience is categorized as " Dive-y".  Sure being a Westerner and coming into this joint you will have no idea what is going on.  From the clientele looking sharply at you, to the lady at the register changing her tongue to english for you, and the wittingly looking man crafting those hand made noodles.  You are back in the heart of real Northern Chinese culinary cooking my friend.           I unlike the typical Westerner not just want, but need my food "Da La".  Extra spicy.  I ordered the Mala Tang , Da La.  That's right.  Even sitting down popping the "to go" canister open ( the lady mixed up my order and thought it was to go.  There were a lot of people there,  its her way of saying maybe go eat at home while I get more customers.)  I added more spicy hot pepper sauce.  That red hot pepper oil with all the sesame seeds floating a top in the middle of the table with the lonely spoon in it.  I am a condiment freak.  Condiments are there for a reason.  The reason being is to amplify the dish and make your taste buds implode from the joy they are receiving.          The Mala Tang is superb.  I must say it is not as good as the famous Laoma Malatang out in flushing...but hell, on a cold night in the start of March it was like a Saint Bernard rescuing a downed skier in the alps.  Yes that good.  The flower pepper broth had numbed my lips and mouth as it should.  When I thought there were not that many ingredients, I had started digging through the noodles to uncover the treasures below.  Frozen tofu, lotus root, mushrooms,rice cakes,cabbage,zucchini,and other marvels.  In my opinion, its all about the layering.  This dish is the opposite of desert but as delightful as cake.  Below the lamb which sits on top are the noodles, then the broth, and last but not least the jewels of this soup. I highly recommend this dish to any foodie or spice junkie.           Lao Bei Fang also least we forget has excellent dumplings.  They have a cold appetizer bar where you can get treats like spiced pig ear or intestines.  Not for the faint of heart but for a true explorer.  If it looks like a dive, then you know the food is good!
What a horrible place: the person who collects garbage there is also serving food!!! Definitely not going again.
I usually go to Lao Bei Fang for a quick, cheap meal before grocery shopping in Elmhurst. Lao Bei Fang is known for their potstickers/dumplings and beef hand-pulled noodle soups, as advertised on their outdoor signage. If you don't specify what kind of potstickers (pan fried) or dumplings (boiled) you'll get the pork & leek ones, though the boiled dumplings also come in pork & celery, pork & cabbage, vegetable, and more. I'm a fan of their pork & leek boiled dumplings because the skin isn't too thick or doughy and they're generous with the filling. yelp.com/biz_photos/3K7K… Mix Sriracha and soy sauce for dipping and voilà~ simple and delicious! I'm not as big a fan of their beef noodle soups because the broth is very one-note in my opinion. Yes it's beef-y but I don't taste any ginger or star anise. It's also a little too salty and a little too oily for my liking, but keep in mind that I'm very picky about beef noodle soup because I make it at home. That said, Lao Bei Fang's beef noodle soups are decent and I like that you can choose what kind of beef you want in your noodle soup (#22-27 on their menu). Aren't familiar with the different kinds? Or don't read Chinese? Well never fear! Here's my handy dandy guide to beef noodle soup at Lao Bei Fang:#22 NIU ROU - This translates simply to beef, but it refers to the meatier cuts with little fat like beef shank or boneless beef short rib.  #22a NIU WEI - Ox tail#23 NIU NAN - To my knowledge, niu nan can be either beef flank or brisket. Sometimes at Chinese supermarkets it's simply labeled "stew beef". It's a flat cut of beef that has the connective tissues attached on both sides so it has a chewy section attached to the meaty portion. yelp.com/biz_photos/3K7K…#24 NIU DU - Honeycomb tripe (cow stomach)#25 NIU JIN - Niu jin is tendon, but because it's been stewed, the texture will be soft enough to easily chew. #26 NIU ZA - Za means mixed. In the case of Lao Bei Fang, this includes tendon and tripe.#27 BAN JIN BAN ROU - Half tendon, half meatHopefully that was helpful. If you're a clever cookie, you've figured out that "niu" means cow/beef. #22, #23, and #27 are the most popular versions of beef noodle soup. If you want leaner meat stick to #22, if you want something fattier get #27, and if you want something chewier get #23. Since their hand-pulled noodles are really good, I've taken to ordering the preserved radish and shredded pork noodles (#16) instead of the beef noodle soup. yelp.com/biz_photos/3K7K… Besides dumplings and hand-pulled noodles, Lao Bei Fang also has a selection of pre-made cold dishes, malatang, and hot pot, all of which I have yet to try. Since I'm usually on my own when I eat at Lao Bei Fang I can't order too much, but I'd definitely like to gather a couple friends to try their hot pot. So far they're 3.5 stars in my book, but I'm bumping them up because you really can't beat the price!
I love this place. I have been going here since before they relocated to the current location. I buy bags of the frozen dumplings and can eat them all day with ramen. The hand pulled noodles are my favorite. I can eat those all day and are some of the best I've ever had. This is not a place for the prissy, don't come here looking for your ass to be kissed by some waiter. Come here for great food and even better prices.
I love this place so much. Just moved to the neighborhood and my previous homes were 1. Shanghai and 2. Asian-Infested Socal. There's something about chinese food in new york that hasn't struck a cord with me but Lao Bei Fang is amazing.  The guotie are made exactly how my grandmother makes them. The skin is perfectly browned and crispy yet chewy and thick (unlike most japanese gyoza). My boyfriend and I also got two bowls of noodles. Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup:Beef isn't that great-- it's not fall-apart but it's sliced thin and pulls apart quite easily, though I'm more accustomed to something more juicy. The broth is well-seasoned and very authentic though both broths are very light compared to the usual. Noodles are fresh, thick, and perfectly cooked. It's a huge serving for the price you pay. Wonton-Fishball Noodle Soup:The broth is light but well-seasoned. The wontons are hand-wrapped and the filling was wonderful. Fishballs were typical but not worth it. Next time I'll probably stick with just wontons. Heavy noodles and wontons are cut with bitter greens. It was such a homey dish and lacked the usual oiliness of most Chinese food which really does make this as good as it gets.Looks like a typical Chinese restaurant. Dingy but essentially as close to home as it gets.
Love this place. Everything is super flavorful and authentic. I usually get the beef hand pulled noodles or the fish ma la tang- which runs me $6-$7. Portions are very genereous. Definitely worth a try if youre in the area
LAO BEI FANG I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!I was in Morocco for a month over the summer and all I wanted while I was away was your tender loving dumplings and hearty noodle soup. Once, I was sick and too weak to make some homemade remedy soup, so I gathered my strength to head out in the rain for a bowl! The staff is super nice and cheerful too.I've never had a burned dumpling or overcooked noodles. Everything is always spot on and delicious. The fine herbs in my soup make me smile. I usually order #22 (beef slices) and my boyfriend gets # 26 (beef and tripe). Also don't be intimidated by the 98% Asian clientele. Ask for a fork and slurp up those noodles :)
It's a sliver of a place. *THWACK! goes strands of noodles pounded on the floured tabled by a proprietor long knowledgeable in good eats. *SIZZLE! goes the flank steak that comprises the beef noodle soup. *GROWL goes the collective stomachs lining up to the window awaiting the goodness that are dumplings. YUM. $2.50 for eight sumptuous dumplings is a no brainer.This unassuming place is really good value for the money. Best have your noodle soup served really hot and at the premises. The problem is the place is really tiny. I'm mean you don't have room to even change your mind. None the less, run don't walk to Lao Bei Fang, especially during this cold autumn. I guarantee you'll finish with a smile on your face.
Sigh... I was expecting so much more from this place. It's a bit more divey than I would have liked, but the food is priced extremely well. I supposed you take the good with the bad. I came here at the recommendation of a friend of mine, after I told him I loved hand-pull noodles. We ordered the pot stickers (8 for $2.50), the regular beef noodle soup, and a beef & tendon noodle soup. And really, my rating comes down to the food. The pot stickers were fine. Nothing special. But the noodles really missed the mark, in my opinion. You would think you can tell that the noodles are fresh and handmade, but I really couldn't. They tasted gummy and old. Probably among the worst handmade noodles I've ever had. The soup was all right, as were the beef and tendon in my order. But my boyfriend's beef noodle soup left much to be desired. The beef was different from the beef in my order. His were thin slices with fat in it... and not the good kind of marbling fat. If I ever come back here, I'd probably stick with the dumplings... the noodles left much to be desired. And the price didn't make up for it. Lam Zhou Handmade Noodle in Chinatown did a much better job, and we actually witnessed the guy slapping the dough into noodles.
Their pork noodle soup is the best! And their dumplings are to die for. I order the same set  every time. The place is pretty straight forward: they don't give a damn about ambiance. Lol.
So when I worked in flushing, I used to buy beef brisket soup on main st. Now I'm happy to say I've finally found an alternative that tastes similar and dare I say maybe better! It's the noodles. Now I didn't understand when I read other reviews about the texture but man oh man does it make it a difference. I really can't explain you really just have to try it :) Even the dumpling wrap is not as thick as in other places I've tried and they are not cheap with filling but the wrap is what makes the difference. Really yummy. Now for the soup, I'm in love. I bought the regular beef noodle soup and was surprised at the price and portion! It's pretty a big pretty portion and is only 5.95! Dumplings are really cheap too but I can't remember the price right now. All I know is I spent less than 10 dollars for a good meal.  The only thing that bothered me was the man who pretty much yelled at me when I asked for hot sauce. Apparently, you take a container at the register and fill it up with sauces on the table which is fine but there was need to yell lol. I will be definitely going back!
Is there anything left to be said about this place? I've been wanting to try it and went for it today. Once you realize that its a local noodle joint you stop asking  questions and start eating. And what a delight. Had the Pork Noodle soup which was pork belly with herbs and spices with hand drawn noodles. I really felt I had died and gone to heaven.  I could not  finish it. The best $ 5.50 I've ever spent in my life.
I love coming here for the hand drawn noodles, but there isn't much ambiance in the place. It was the first time that I actually had to go to the counter to pick up my food and bring it to the table I was sitting at with my friend. However, the food was very tasty. I've also ordered takeout on several occasions. The first time went smoothly, however the second time, the person who answered the phone was unable to communicate with me. I ended up receiving the wrong orders, but the dishes we picked up were still tasty. Overall, I keep coming back because the price is cheap and the food is good.
Delicious place for lunch or dinner.  Tasty dumplings and wonderful noodles.  I'll be back.
Summary: AVOID like the plaguePlus:The beef with tendon broth is very delicious and flavorful.The pork filling in the dumplings is deliciousNegatives:Place is dirtyService is crazy slow at 2PM Sunday. 45 mins to get our food.MSG is main ingredient in the soupThe noodle is too doughy.The dumplings are too doughy.Dumplings that were suppose to be fried, it's steamed soggy.My wife and I had food poisoning here. First time and last time coming here.Prosperity dumplings in Manhattan are less doughy, cheaper, and they serve you within 30 seconds fresh from the pan frier. Lanzhou Handmade Noodle in Flushing is not doughy/starchy, very light and flavorful.
While eating my meal, I saw a dead water bug (squished by someone).The food wasn't even that great.  The dumplings are NOT Joe Shanghai and their soup was okay.  The community pouring of soup in the garbage cans was repulsive.  The tables are nasty as well.  There were flies everywhere. I have no idea how they got an A inspection.  They must have paid someone off...
Good beef noodle soup, scallion pancakes, and potstickers.Huge portions, low prices.
BEST dumplings EVER!!!That's all I have to say. In the city you get 6 pieces of pinch size meat wrapped in floppy skin for what.. $8.75??HERE you get 4 pieces for $1.50! and I am telling you, the 4 pieces you get are STUFFED with super juicy meat and wrapped in sturdy, crunchy skin- absolutely enough to fill you for a meal. The only thing is.. interior is a bit uncomfortable. Small and cluttered. Not the cleanest space in the area. But I still find it great for a quick munch. No bugs, no rodents. It's tolerable.
I really wanted to give it zero stars but that wasn't an option. Came here after seeing a majority of good reviews on yelp. When we stepped in we wanted to go back out but we figured all these reviews must mean something so we went ahead and ordered the beef noodle soup and pan fried dumplings. While waiting for our food we saw a restaurant worker cleaning tables with a dirty rag, wipe around the trash, then the trays all with that same rag.  Gross! Just like its food..the beef is like mystery meat..didn't taste or look like real beef more like pieces of reject beef you discard. The dumplings were cold and hard. Yes..this place is cheap but we threw out EVERYTHING. Avoid!
I've been here 3 times now, and every time I've left very happy.  The funny thing is, I haven't even had the "star" dish yet (the noodle soup).  I've gotten the sauteed noodles with pork, which is reminiscent of Lo Mein, but the fresh noodles are the best noodles I've ever had in chinese food.  Just the perfect thickness, a little bit al dente and much less greasy than most places.  Their pork is is cooked in a more traditional Chinese fashion, thin slices of melt in your mouth pork, I think they're of pork belly but they're so thin it's hard to tell.The Dumplings are also fantastic as a snack or appetizer.  8 for $2.80 is enough to stuff you for a meal by itself.  I usually do the noodles and 4 dumplings, which come to $7 - and is more food than you can comfortably eat.I highly recommend this for anyone in the neighborhood looking for Dumplings and Noodles.  If you're a foodie, it's worth travelling to when you get the craving.  For someone in midtown it's probably about the same amount of time to get here as to get to one on Canal street, and it's cleaner and nicer than the Manhattan Chinatown places.
Absolutely love this place!! So it's not the cleanest place in the world and there's zero service. (You need to pick-up your own food, wipe your own tables and fill your own tea cups) They make awesome sauce panfried dumplings though! I love the thickness and texture of the dumpling skin! Their hand drawn noodles are really good too! The prices are even better! For 2-3 people, it'll only be around $20 (and that's if you're ordering an abundance of food). This is my go to place for panfried dumplings now... add some vinegar and hot chili oil and you're good to go. I'd say an order is filling enough for a meal. I would seriously bring my own napkins and wet naps. Also just in case, they do charge for takeout plastic quart containers (25¢) for taking home leftover soup noodles.
Craving for food on Chinese New Year my boyfriend and I decided to go to elmhurst for some handmade noodles.  What an excellent idea.  Even though you can sit and eat at the restaurant we chose to put in our order of fried dumplings, scallion pancakes, wonton noodle soup (ask for spicy) and house noodle soup (already spicy!) and the pancakes with beef and veggies.  They seperate the noodles and the broth so it is good to eat at home.  When we got home we quickly popped the soup in the microwave for a minute and sat down to an excellent meal. After stuffing ourselves and looking at all the food we had left over we both agreed that the house special noodle soup was sufficent for two people and much better than the wonton soup and that the pancakes with the veggies was to die for, espcially when it is liberally sprinkled with their homemade chili oil!The staff is very friendly and the woman behind the counter speaks english well so she helped us navigate through the menu.  Bring home some of their home made chili oil!Quite a delightful experience and all for under $20!  Can't get better than that!
Had the hand pulled sautéed noodles after a long time....... It was heavenly. At $6.50 you cant beat the price. Their veggie bun was was another soft chewy experience.
Cheap and good food. The place is not the greatest/comfortable spot for lunch/dinner, but for a fine for a quick bite or take out.PRO - Cheap food. Good quality noodles. Large portion.BAD - Self-Service. Messy. Squeaky chairs. Charges 25 cents for a container because we had left overs.
This place is a hidden gem in Elmhurst. I've been to a lot of places that offer hand pulled noodles, but this place has some of the best I have ever eaten. They also make steam pork and leek baos that hit the spot.There was a slap of grime on the windows and the seating area could use a good steam cleaning, but the food here is excellent and I highly recommend the bao and any noddle dish on the menu.
If you have had dumplings from chinese places like prosperity dumplings, Vanessa's and even Kai Fen Fu at brooklyn, this is just another typical dumpling house.  Its dumpling skins are thicker compared to previously mentioned places, quite flavorful that also comes w a fatty fillings price tags.  It's cheap and convenient if you happen to be in Elmhurst area!
The price is cheap. Fired dumplings got overcooked sometimes. Let's take it as a fast food place and not a decent restaurant. Sometime you need to pay taxes by cash.
I absolutely LOVE the food!! Let's get the bad part out of the way.  My reason for knocking off a star is because of the place itself.  There's limited seating, and it's pretty cramped.  And I'll be honest, it's not really the cleanest place.  The bucket of people throwing in their leftover soup right by the garbage is really gross.  So, I had  to knock off two stars.  Instead of eating there, I always get my food to-go.I've tried a few of their hand-pulled noodle soups, and my absolute favorite is the beef stew noodle soup.  The soup is salty, but in a very good way!  The flavor of the broth is excellent, and the beef is tender.  And the chewiness of the noodles - omg exquisite!  And it's only about $5 - FABULOUS!!!And the delicious dumplings!!  I've tried both steamed and fried, and I prefer them fried.  I love pouring that oily chili sauce (whatever that is); something about it just make it taste so good.  And 4 of these delicious dumplings for $1.25 - wonderful!The scallion pancakes are also very good - great flavor and texture.  However, I always get a bowl of soup and the dumplings; so, I never have room to get them.The people that work here are really nice.  The food is fantastic, and it's all cheap!I haven't been here for a while (since this past summer) b/c it's out of the way for me.  But now that I'm writing this review, I'll need to go back SOON!!
This place actually makes their noodles in house and not store bought. Good cheap eats, great dumplings (although greasy). Self-service. Free hot Chinese tea. This place is almost always full and sometimes you have to wait 10minutes to get a table.
I am officially a FAN! - The drive to this place was a bit hectic but when I finally arrived I was amazed by the organization at the front counter. They provide a number for all orders and call out when its ready. Order was ready in 10 mins flat!. Feel the need to comment on decor - small but spacious enough for a comfortable quick bite. Not a 5-star but sufficient. The garbage mentioned in other reviews is just nit picking - Its as clean as a garbage area can be. Did not see any flies either. Now back to my order of 12 pan-fried dumplings with a beef noodle soup. The dumplings are large and filled with extra meat for that full bite. They hold together well oppose to others where the meat falls out on the first bite. The even held their crunch after the 20 min ride back home. Beef soup - Nice chewy but not soggy noodles. Beef was a bit fatty but taste great! Overall, I am a fan and will be back to cure the my next dumpling craving.
I love this place. Seriously. Absolutely favorite. I'm not a big soup person--and the large number of soup options they have intimidates me. But everyone else is slurping away with gusto! My boyfriend told me they relocated from a smaller nearby space, and I can see why! I wouldn't say they're "pack" but they definitely are full especially during main eating hours. I also get the pork and leek dumplings--put some delish hot sauce and soy sauce and you're good to go! I'm also a huge fan of their noodles! So good! And you can watch them pull their noodles right there! It's fun. I wasn't a fan of the scallion pancakes. People there are nice. Tables are clean and when it's crowded you sit next to people and enjoy. My roommate and I went there and tried a pork bun and were looking at the sauce options. The couple next to us were more than happy to chat with us and show us the ropes on which sauce to select. Love the ambiance and the tastes. And--to top it all freaking off--it's SUPER cheap! If this ever goes out of business, I will actually cry.
After countless bowls of noodles, ma la tangs, and cold dish take outs, I finally got around to the hot pot that I salivate at every time I see someone else eating here. $20/person all you can eat includes drinks and cold dishes from their front display. Not a bad deal since all those plates of raw deliciousness can add up. They had a decent selection of your meats, veggies, tofus, starches, etc. Maybe 30 choices total. Not much seafood or any creative selections of pot base other than spicy and non-spicy though. I never care much for the non-spicy (boring!), but that fountain of magical spicy liquid always causes me to again, salivate on sight. Unfortunately, the taste itself, this time, was disappointing. Just lacked that ma-la spicy punch that should permeate anything that is cooked in the broth. Their sauce table located in the back had the standard stripped down fare, but the barbecue was extremely greasy. Combined with the overabundant oil sitting on top of the spicy pot base, my entire meal seemed to be coated with the stuff.Still, the pricing makes this a good deal for a first hot pot experience, as it allowed my roommate to explore this side of Chinese cuisine that few lao wei are bold enough to venture into, without having to worry about racking up the bill with things she would hate. Their cold dishes (fu qi fei pian, pig ears, seaweed, tofu noodles, shredded potatoes, plus 4 or so more) are all amazing and appropriately doused in fresh garlic. Probably won't be back for the hot pot, but will definitely be squeezing in as many bowls of noodles as possible before moving away from the area.
Every 15 minutes, it happens happens behind the counter again and again. It's on a timer.  Like the line at an amusement park. "I think I hear him coming!! Chainsaw?? I don't think I like Chainsaws... " (Adventureland anyone?). It's the watching to make us the unbored.  Here, it begins with a listlessness, then a rustling, a little assemblage of the elements, dough being pulled from wrapping, a little pensiveness, and then: Thwap! Thwap! A long, heavy strain of floured noodles hit the counter. Up and around, twist the arms to split, then Thwap! Thwap! Dividing by halfs each time, a thinner strain of noodle with each twist and pull. I was great at math when I was a kid, but I was still left wondering how it multiplied so quick. My bowl of soup. Choose from the many similar styles of beef, pork, or vegetable or little known/ordered rice congee. My advice to you: come hungry or you won't finish. Their famous dumplings are thick shelled, steamed or pan-fried with those beautiful little fried oil crisps on the bottom. The insides always taste so fresh, again, with a similar style combination of pork and some veggetable stalk. 4/$1.25. To get a handle on how cheap that is, think of it this way: No human can eat double digits worth of dumplings.Scallion pancakes are 2.75 for about 4 full cakes worth. Taste great torn and sunken in your soup, you scalawag. The wife and husband ownership are a cute team. She is talkative and stern. He is stern. Even though it's been written up everywhere underground, the customers are regulars and about half the time I've gone, people are buying in bulk.  Hey, it's just another ruby in the treasure chest of Elmhurst. It's good to be alive.
I wandered in here by accident. I was looking for some good noodles. It has a B rating now even though it may have gotten an A in the beginning.This place is a bit of a dive but no worse for wear than some of the authentic places or holes in the walls in Chinatown. I ordered the Beef and Tendon noodle soup and was not disappointed. The noodles for a perfect consistency and the broth had a lot of beefy flavor. It was nice that they actually gave you a good portion of beef as well. I'm pretty sure they use MSG. My MSG radar went all crazy but it was still worth it.As stated by other yelpers, the portion size of the noodles are large but I managed to finish it all... to my detriment but that is another story.The noodle soup was so delicious and so inexpensive that I had to pick up a few other items to take back home to munch on. Here is what I ordered.1. Pork and chive dumplings- they were o.k.2. Scallion pancake - these were very good and were just as tasty when it was reheated. Caution: a bit on the oily side.3. Beef tripe cold dish- you need to be used to eating this stuff or very adventurous to engage this dish but if you do it is very flavorful.There is one person that speaks English well here and will help you take your order. They out the order number in Mandarin and if there are no takers, they call it out in English. This place was well worth the trip. I definitely will be coming back for their noodle soup for sure.
Beef noodle is really yummy. My boyfriend told me the taste of dumpling is bad it has some type of soy-sauce with the dumpling meat.
I've walked by twice and never walked in and finally decided to trek out to Elmhurt JUST to try this place. Let's just say I wasn't disappointed.First thing I tried was the dumplings, which are $1.25 for 4 (not quite as cheap as Chinatown). They were really good, but I would have preferred a thicker skin, as it managed to fall apart quite easily. Filling was tasty though!Next dish was the ~$5 mondo bowl of Beef Hand-Pulled Noodle Soup (which would have filled me easily on its own). A dark broth that tasted of 5-spice powder and beef was the medium for relatively thin hand-pulled noodles, baby-bok-choy type veggie, and thinly sliced beef (you can also get tendon if that's your cup of tea). Can't say it's the best broth/noodle combo I've ever had, but it's one of the best I've had in NYC. Noodles were just chewy/springy enough and had pretty good "kou gan" (mouth feel) and broth was satisfying.Like many of its counterparts, though, the seating is limited and cramped so be prepared for that. Rumor is though that they're moving just down the street in about a month.4 stars for really good foodRevisit? Ya!
My first hand pulled noodle experience!  Fabulous.  Here's why...You get to SEE the noodles transforming from a big lump of dough into dozens of strands instantly right before your eyes.  No gimics, no smoke and mirrors, just straight up old school way of doing things.  No machines cranking out noodles here.  And you can taste the difference my friends.The noodles have a great texture.  Love love love it.  Hard to explain, but you can definitely feel and taste a difference compared to the factory cranked noodles, you'll have to experience for yourself...and you won't mind cause it's so CHEAP!  You get this gigantic bowl of soup for only $5.25 and that includes greens AND beef.  I was stuffed and I have a pretty decent appetite.I made the mistake of getting the boiled dumplings and not the pan friend dumps.  Big mistake.  These boiled/steamed ones DIDN'T taste home made.  They tasted like bad frozen crap that wasn't worth the $$ or the calories.  The pan fried version looked tastier and were longer and thinner.  Can't say if those were better because I was too full from my big bowl of hand pulled noodle soup to get another order of dumps....next time I'll know better.Ok, about the "ambiance"....there is none.  It's a little shack on the corner, no frills interior, kind of dumpy or dive-ish.  There's a sanitary grade "A" in the window.  I'll take their word for it.  I didn't see anything moving or "questionable" so....
Best noodle soups and dumplings in the city, and super cheap!I always try different soups when I go, and I'm never disappointed. The broth is deliciously beefy and not-so-salty. The noodles are cooked to chewy perfection and are thick which I love. Regardless of whether I order the beef, tripe, fish balls, or whatever, there's always a good amount of meat to satisfy my belly. The bowl is so huge and filling that I'm always stuffed afterwards even if I don't finish.The pork and chive dumplings are pricier than places in Chinatown (4 for $1.25), but they have the best flavor. The bottoms are fried to a nice crisp to accompany the softness of the steamed dough, and the pork is always juicy.Only downsides: No real A/C or heating, so the temperature outside is only slightly worse than the temperature inside. Also, it's a small space, but people move in and out a lot, so I've never had a problem with seating. Just be okay with eating elbow-to-elbow with a stranger.Love this place, and the trek out to Elmhurst is completely worth it for their food. Plus, you can get a bag of frozen dumplings to make yourself (though they won't nearly be as good as eating in-house).
Their beef stew noodle is super yummy. Pork and leek pan fried dumplings are pretty good too. People working in the restaurant were friendly. Though we didn't speak Chinese, they were very helpful.
The fried dumplings is what I come here for as they are the best I've found in the NYC area. Visiting this place is almost a weekly thing. A plate with 8 fried will only set you back $2.75 and add another $1 for a bottle of water if you go heavy on the hot oil :)
When The New York Times ran a story on Hung Ry recently, I immediately thought of Lao Bei Fang in Elmhurst, NY. They are sort of Country Mouse and City Mouse; Hung Ry in Noho, the other in Queens (right next to loud railroad). Hung Ry has a fancy Western broth maker or chef (Michael Hodgkins), Lao Bei Fang has worn huge pots. One brags about "finest organic" stuff, but the other one do not use that word at all. You can connect to Hung Ry via website or Facebook, Lao Bei Fang doesn't have any of those except Chinese character dominated brochure, which you can only get when you're there. No virtual world stuff. (Of course, Yelp talked about Lao Bei Fang)But you know what? Both of them are mouse! The two are sharing the core value; hand pulled or drawn noodle. Also, two Chinese noodle masters do not speak English, either. They communicate through whipping noodle. Lao Bei Fang is a small noodle & dumpling joint with about 15 seats. Noodle is the thing you have to order there. The noodle master will start to show off his magic trick right after you place an order. Quick hand tricks give a birth to this beautiful chewy noodle. Noodle could be thick or thin depending on noodle master's mood, but it's always chewy and springy. Hand pulled noodle tends to be thicker than factory produced ones; the beauty of irregularity of handmade. Above is vegetable noodle ($4). Clear broth with all kinds of veggie (including not-so-very-nutritious iceberg) would sooth you. Overall, it's pretty plain; no overuse of salt which highlights homemade noodle. If it's too bland to your taste, you can splash with hot pepper oil. It's not fiery hot, either.On a recent visit, I ordered Fresh Pork Bone soup ($4.25). This is what I got. Three huge pork bones on the top of freshly made noodle with a few bokchoy and cilantro, scallion. Its gigantic, barbarian looking surprised me, them calmed me down with clean, sophisticated broth. Pork bones didn't have much meat on it, but what a presentation!    This is regular Beef noodle ($4.25) that you can find anywhere else. This version is not too Chinese; so if you are not a huge fan of distinctive Chinese spice, this is the way to go. It has generous portion of beef as well. Lao Bei Fang's noodle is cooked al dente at first, but it continues to cook inside of the soup. So if you prefer firm noodle texture, you better hurry up and finish. Dumplings are not to be missed. This steamed veggie one was $3.25 for 8 pieces. What a bargain. Like noodle, dumplings are freshly made too. It's little doughy for me, but it's not so much comparing to regular Chinese dumpling's standard. Fried dumplings seems "a must" for every diner at Lao Bei Fang. For $1.25, you can add one to your noodle dish. Sort of side dish, it is. This one was pork and chive, which was juicy and warm.They sell frozen dumplings, too. For 50 pieces, it's only $11~13 depending on what kinds. So, why not make yourself travel to Elmhurst this weekends for comforting hand drawn noodle soup and dumplings? Then reward yourself coming home with frozen dumplings for next week? I would .
I went to this place because of the recommendations from all you Yelpers. I thank you guys! I really like the hand-pulled noodles here (I usually get the one with beef), as well as the fried dumplings. It's pretty nifty seeing the owner making the noodles right in front of you, although I have to say, the thumping sound scared me the first time I heard it.Very affordable and the food is more than worth the price.
WOW !!!  This was an experience.Parking in the area is almost impossible to find and my wife and I pull up and find a spot almost right in front of the restaurant. The seating is close and communal, so expect to sit with strangers.I ordered stir-fried noodles with pork and my wife ordered house special noodle soup. The pork was thinly sliced and prepared so well that it almost melted in my mouth and my wife's soup had a beef joint with meat that fell from the bone and a delicious buttery marrow. But the real star in both dishes was the noodles !  We actually watched the chef making the noodles !!!!  The texture and taste were astounding !!!! We ate until full and even had left-overs to take home...all for an incredibly reasonable price. (about $15 for both of us, including 2 sodas).FYI- the tea is self-serve and free near the cash register.Go here...don't be scared or put off. Enjoy !!!
I don't know about the other people who would frequent Oz like my friends and I, but we were pretty upset when Oz closed. Sure, the service wasn't fantastic. To us, it was familiar and it was a great place to have some hot tea and hot pot at a relatively low price. We would sit there for hours and never got kicked out. First, I was apprehensive about this new fangled place. And for the $18 price tag for hot pot, I wasn't exactly on board. But my friend was paying so I agreed to go to dinner here. We were pleasantly surprised. For that price we had many options of hot pot to choose from including pork, shrimp, chicken, beef, fish, etc, etc. That price also includes a drink, a cold dish, a pancake, a bun, and tip. I believe they recycled Oz's tables and chairs, so there was a sense of familiarity I liked. The changed the little stoves that the hot pot goes on, thankfully. They are electric and work nicely. My friends and I had a lot of food and I believe there isn't a limit to how many plates you can order. And the food itself was pretty good! I don't recommend the beef balls. They were hard, even after boiling them for 20 minutes. Everything else was great!The service was just fine. The waitress understood Mandarin more than English. Not that it matters since I always go with my Chinese friends! I'm definitely coming back.
I absolutely love Lao Bei Fang and I vigorously recommend this restaurant to all my friends and family.This place looks like absolute turd shet, their menu is pathetic, and on more than one occasion I was sitting next to a vagrant.  Because that vagrant knows good food.Why anyone would eat here is is for the amazing, authentic, and freshly made northern style Chinese food.  Chinese food that is more dirt cheap than most dirt cheap Chinese food restaurants.  Their noodles are hand made (pounded really) right in front of you, the dumplings are crisp and juicy, the scallion pancakes with beef are deliciously salty, sweet, crunchy and chewy, and the beef stew noodle soup has a broth that isn't bombarded with oil and grease.  The beef itself is cooked tender too.  Lao Bei Fang doesn't have a large menu and that's a good thing.  Everything I have ordered tasted wonderful.  The owners are friendly and I love the mom and pop work ethic.  I am very happy for their success as they recently opened another restaurant around the corner which is also very good.  If you want to enjoy this food in a nicer setting, you can visit that other restaurant which is down the block on Broadway.  They serve a different menu but you can also order from Lao Bei Fang which they would deliver over.  Lao Bei Fang simply serves fantastic northern style Chinese food that's quick, affordable, and authentic.
Great noodle soup and dumplings for the price!The dumplings are to die for, fried or steamed! the beef stew noodle soup is very very good. Although this place gets packed due to its delicious food it is worth it. I get it to go most of the time because It always seems to be packed when i visit!. They should really develop a line system cause at times it just feels like everybody crowds at the register and you order when you get the chance. Very old school i guess? But hey thumbs up for your cheap prices and delicious food! Boom!
They have ma la tang!!! Mmmmmmmm my fave!! Not spicy enough for me though.I do get my fave small eats here.. such as scallion pancake, pork fried bun, and all the other small bun goodness.I am curious about the hot pot here though. I will definitely come here to try it.
I completely forgotten about this place.I used to lived close by, so I ate here at least once or twice a week, specially in the winter time, great way to warm up your body with their soup noodlesAlmost 6 years ago I first discovered this place, they used to located on Whitney Ave in Elmhurst, QueensToday I was in the area and walked passed this restaurant but it was located on Broadway, Elmhurst, Queens.I walked in, and I saw it was the wife behind the counter and the owner sitting there taken a break, he recognized me I was surprised, is been a long while since my last visit.He got up, saying hello and asking I need any help, very friendly.He have approx 4 people behind the counter, he don't even have to got up in the first place, but he was kind enough to welcome a old customerNow, I know you all seen at least one of those really old Kung Fu movie.When I eat in this place, that is how I feel, because the owner actually hand made the noodles from scratch, yes, I said from scratch.To many of you might think how hard can that be, right?It is extremely difficult, it take years of practice, and he used his both hands started from scratch, started out from just a flour and water, and pull from side by side and pull from side by side many times until it turning into the little tiny noodles, watching how he did it, is just like watching the the Kung Fu Master practicing Kung Fu and is about to kick someone ass. lolJust like to let you guys and girls know ahead of time, this is no luxury dinning, and is not the place you take a girl on a first date. lolThis is a place you go during winter time, this is the place you go for a quick bite, this is the place you go if you needed to go and fast, this is the place you go if you have $5 in your pocket for dinner.Yes, $5 you can get a huge meal for dinner, is like you back to school cafeteriaSeriously!!If you're in the area, stop by, you gonna wondering why all the food in Manhattan charging so much. lol
For those craving amazing hand pulled noodles, dumplings and soup for less than the cost of a Starbucks grande blah blah blah...Be warned: tiny place, few seats, more of a take out joint, you can only eat so much before plotzing.
I work right near here and as a lowly doctor-in-training I'm pressed for time, money, and well-prepared food! I love their lunch options and always leave full and happy! Two thumbs up!!
This place has some of the best dumplings in town. They also have some pigs ear and tripes which is pretty good. Great food overall, but the employees are so noisy and the chinese people who eat here are so nasty.
This is still my Fave dumpling spot! Hands down the best I've had so far!  Since being introduced in high school!  good times with newtown  high  school wrestling team. NW Legacy!  We would often celebrate our wins here. Or just come by for a quick and cheap bite to eat!  I still remember when they were 5 for $1.00The dumping are often made while your standing there!  If its a weekend (fri-sun)  there is a chance that they will run out! Yes this place is that popular with the locals!  In college my roommate swore by the dumplings you ordered from the Chinese restaurant. YUCK!  One quick trip to this place and I had her and my other friends hooked! 15 in one sitting is my record lolPork and chives dumplings fried... not a fan of the steamed. I have yet to eat anything else here. Maybe I should try the rest of the menu...
I cannot express in words how much I love this place. The guy who stands behind the counter and pulls the noodles by hand is also fabulous, especially when you come at off-hours and he's singing Chinese opera songs. This place specializes in Northern Chinese style hand-pulled noodles and dumplings. I've read that the wife and husband owners came from Lanzhou in Gansu province where shou la mian (hand-pulled noodles) purportedly originated, but I'm not completely sure. Every time I come to New York, the first thing I always do is come out here to get hand-pulled noodles (usually the beef stew -- so good!!!! And it has fresh basil to make it even more fragrant!) and their fried dumplings. Everything here is so cheap -- a bowl of niu nan shou la mian (the beef stew hand pulled noodles) costs only $4.75, and 4 large, fresh, juicy and crisp fried dumplings cost only one buck! The noodles always have the perfect texture and chewiness. I get nostalgic for this place whenever I think of New York. It's such a hole-in-the-wall, but I actually love that about this place. All the utensils are disposable (chopsticks, forks, etc.) as well as the styrofoam plates. The only thing you have to return are the bowls for the noodle soups. You order and pay at a small counter, and there are just two tables and a counter where you can sit and wait for your food and eat. From the counter window you can watch the owner pull the noodles, which is pretty cool if you've never seen these noodles being made. Go see the photos I've posted! I love this place to death and tell everyone and anyone about it who is going to New York!
My wife and I use to live right around the corner from this place, and we were frequent visitors!! If you ever want to try fresh hand-drawn noodles, this is the place to go. The decor of the restaurant is a little run down...only a few tables and bar seats. As for the cleanliness, its so-so. The tables and seats are a bit sticky and I have seen an occasional bug, but we always take the food to go. As for the food, the noodles are delicious. Once you place the order, the chef will then began to make your order. You get to watch him pull your noodles from a ball of dough. They do have a selection of noodles on their menu, but we tend to stick to our favorites: black bean sauce noodle, beef noodle soup, and Chinese preserved veggies noodle soup. Besides their noodles, the dumplings (steamed or fried) are excellent. The dough is nice and thick, which is an indication that they hand-make the dumplings themselves. The price is also cheap!  Two noodles and two order of dumplings is less than $15!!!  You can't find a deal like this in NY.
Good old fashion Northern Chinese peasant food!  The Good: affordable, large portions, tasty, fresh, authentic, and no tipping required.  This is great if you're on a budget and don't care for the fuss.  The Bad: the place is a bit dank, tables are a bit dirty and the service is slow.  The later is because they do everything to order, so it takes time.  It's a good place for a quick lunch for workers or students.  If Mom only gives you $3 - what is the best place to spend it?  Here.  $2.75 will buy you 8 fresh handmade pan fried dumplings which are x-large and fills up the plate and your tummy.
The beef stew hand drawn noodles are delicious and so are the dumplings.  One time I ordered the pork bone noodle soup and it was huge.  3 huge "cracked in half" bones overflowing in the bowl was very average.  There's no meat on the bone, soup was basic, and the noodles weren't hand drawn.  I think I will stick to beef soup and dumplings.  I also tried the cold dishes up at the counter.  I thought the beef tendons, tripe, and pork stomach were good.  Although I'm not a big fan of the pig ears dish.  I usually go there once a week for lunch.You have to bus your own tables.  Throwing out the soup and leftover noodles into the plastic garbage pail is unusually.  I hate to be the person throwing out the garbage pails if you know what I mean.
Super casual, great traditional Chinese food. I'm vegetarian, usually get the sauteed noodles, veggie noodle soup, and always get the vegetarian boiled dumplings. Best dumplings I can find around here for sure. I probably go here the most out of all the restaurants in my area. They do not expect tips and have very modest prices. The service is alright, typical loud Chinese ambiance, its fun.
I want to kick myself for not coming here sooner. I've passed by it time and time again without giving it much thought. Yeah, I judged the book by it's cover ... and I was missing out.Finally stopped in to scratch this dumpling itch that I'd been having all day. All I got was the 4 piece fried pork and chive dumplings. I spent a whopping $1.25 and totally fell in love. I'm not a dumpling connoisseur, but I've tried my share of dumplings, and these are my favorite. Chewy and doughy in some spots, perfectly crisp in others and totally juicy the whole way through. What's not to like?
I'm a fan of any noodle shop that makes home made noodles. This place makes great noodle soup bowls. Tried the #22 beef soup ($5.49) and the #64 spicy beef bowl ($5.99). Both were medium spicy and they were pretty spicy. The #64 came with tons of veggies, rice cake, and beef but the only downside was the extreme over dose of MSG. The dumplings were mediocre but good for $2.75 for 8.  The pork buns weren't very tasty but huge and only a $1 per piece.
It is a unassuming small noodle shop...with the boss lady and her husband holding the forte at the big boiling pot. Scallion pancakes a tad bit oily. Plenty of slices though.Noodles overflowing, freshly made as you order. Not overcooked.The fish balls are fresh and chewy!Hot soup perfect for the cold weather coming up.Small seating area, good for smaller groups.Tip-bits:Bell on the drinks fridge = lady boss can hear and will charge accordingly.Porridge is half price at night! I got a quart size congee for $1.25!Self-service
I love their beef and fish  spicy soup. It has lots stuff in it. And the price is so cheap.
Hand drawn noodles in the US for less than $5, very hard to find but excellent taste despite low price. I would probably eat here everyday if I lived nearby.
The best part about this place is that they're cheap.  The pulled noodle soups are good I got the shredded pork, but fhe dumplings are just okay.  Good portion size but the skin is a little too doughy for my liking.  Is it worth the price, yes, but im sure you can find better in the area.
Good cheap food, I discovered this place because I went to church around here and someone one day said there's this awesome noodle place.Noodles? AWESOME.Dumplings? AWESOME AND CHEAPthe dinky AC while I was sweating and drinking my beef stew broth with my noodles? Could have been a little colder, but sure as hell doesn't stop me from coming back over and over again as well as craving dumplings no matter how much I ate everytime I stop by in Elmhurst.
Beef Noodle Soup & Dumpling Perfection.I was bored one night & looking into Chinese food options in the area & found reviews on yelp for this place. Figured, it wasn't what I was looking for, but why not give it a try? Much to me & my husband's satisfaction: it was exactly what we were looking for without even knowing it. It was our favorite kind of Chinese eats. Delicious. Cheap. No Frills. Hole-in-Wall sentiment. Makes you feel like you're in China (he's been - I haven't). And to our shock: perfect.It was hard to imagine that the perfect dumpling/hand drawn noodle shop was JUST down the road, but it's true.  It was even more amazing to us as we had frequently gone out of our way to hit up the Pho place next to NY Supermarket when we didn't live in the area & this place exists just down the block.Since our discovery of this place two years ago, we've tried other "authentic" hand drawn noodle shops in Chinatown & they don't even compare. And I'm not just being biased cause I live in the area.Stick with the Beef Noodle Soup. I tried the other variation, I think it was Beef Noodle Stew or something & it wasn't nearly as good. The noodles are long & chewy. The broth is delicious & deep. The bok-choy is never overcooked and mushy. The meat can be a little fatty, but does melt well in your mouth more often than not.The dumplings are almost always perfectly crispy on the outside with a good layer of chewiness before a delicious meat.The frozen dumplings are smaller than the ones served at the restaurant, but are still very tasty.If dollar dumpling places are your sort of thing, this place is worth the distance from the city, from Brooklyn...from anywhere really. Parking can be annoying & its not the cleanest place ever, but what great dumpling place is? Also: if you want to get the soup to go try to ask for separate containers. Just a short drive with the broth & noodles in the same container & the noodles do get a little soggy.
Dumplings are good... noodles are decent... nothing to write home about. I do like the fact that they make the noodles by hand right at the front counter which is great, but I'm not sure it lives up to the hype...the beef broth was pretty bland. Might give it another shot. Try it anyway, every restaurant has an off day!
I went to this place based on a friend's recommendation yesterday. I got there at around 3pm and this place was packed and almost ran out of seats. It's not a big place with only about 15 seats. In my visit, I didn't see any waiter that wipe the table or any customers who leave tips on the table. So the table might not be clean, but you don't have to leave tips. I guess that is the trade-off you get in a fast food restaurant.Since it's my first time here, I ordered its famous hand drawn beef noodle. For $4.95, I think it worth every pennies. If you are looking for cheap and delicious food, then this place is for you. It's definitely better to do a takeout than dine-in :)Next time, I will definitely try the dumplings.
Ordered the fried dumpling. It's BIG! That's it. That's the ONLY positive comment I can give! The skin is too thick and doughy. This is my third disappointing visit.  Not going back to this place anymore.
Great place. Have been re-visiting on a regular basis for the last three years. Always a great place to go for authentic "hand-pulled" noodles during the harsh, cold winter in NYC.
home style chinese spot for some fresh noodle and dumplings!its do it yourself style, order, get the ticket and wait to be called the number, clean the table after, quick easy meal and very fresh and cheap,
Lao Bei Fang is a blissful hole-in-the-wall dumpling/noodle shop in Elmhurst. To find it, just follow the scent of beef bouillon broth, scallions, soy sauce and star anise, which is kinda like Beijing in a bottle. I mean seriously! Lao Bei Fang has cracked the code in reproducing the faint smell that permeates the capital of the People's Republic. It's a distinctive "Chinese-Chinese food" smell, one that breathes authenticity. Pungent. Soy. Sweet. Anise. Delicious.But enough about smells.The beef noodle soup is amazingly simple, with a rich broth, tender slices of fatty meat, and hand-pulled Lanzhou style noodles. For less than $5 for a huge bowl, it's an experience that no one should forgo.The namesake dumplings themselves do not disappoint. $1.25 for 4! Medium doughy-ness, fried to a crisp on one side, soft and chewy all the way through, with the most amazing pork/chive filling inside. In my quietest of moments, I sometimes ponder the perfection that is Lao Bei Fang dumplings. How do they get them to be so good? The balance of crunch and chewiness. The saltiness of the pork, with the onion flavor of the scallions. All contrasted with the vinegar, soy sauce and chili dipping sauces. Yeah, they're THAT good.Food aside: the entire experience of eating in inside what is no more than a dirty take-out window is quite fun, if you come with an adventurous attitude. The husband and wife owners bicker endlessly throughout the night: he rolls out the noodles with loud thaps, and she barks orders to the kitchen and to customers. Place is crowded more with an Asian clientele, and you definitely have to bark to be heard.But the food is worth it.
I've only tried the dumplings here and they are AMAZING! $5 for 16 dumplings! It's a small joint but it produces the goods. The only problem I have with this place is the parking around here can be a bitch. But for it's price and quality of food, you can't really beat it. It taste great, the service is fast, and it hits the SPOT!
Their hand-pulled noodles were a novelty but the sauces are severely lacking in taste.  I had their version of a Zha Zhiang Mien (Noodles with Thick Meat Sauce) but it left me unimpressed.  Okay, so the noodles are freshly pulled but noodles by themselves are bland.  It takes a good sauce to really make them shine but their's was distinctly underwhelming--I've had better elsewhere.  I also tried the Guo Dieh (potstickers) and the Scallion Pancakes but both left me with a mondo case of the "Meh's".  What it's got going for it is the incredibly low prices.
DELICIOUS DUMPLINGS. 8 pork and leek fried dumplings for $2.75. There is no waiter service. You order and they call you out when your order is ready. The filling of the dumpling is really good, just as good as Prosperity in the city. The dough or the shell is much bigger than Prosperity's  but not thick that it's only dough you are biting down into. Highly recommend this place for dumplings.
I was here last night after work because I was too lazy to cook.  There have many choices of soups and congee.  I ordered the beef and tendon soup and my bf order beef soup we also brought dumpling and some pig ears.  The dumpling is great!!!  It was very meaty and juicy.  The pig ears is so well seasoned that I wanted to order more. By the time my noodle soup came out I was about full so I ended up taking that home.  I gave this place a 4 star because it looks a little run down and when I wanted to take my noodles to go they said that to-go containers cost 25 cent.  Overall, the food is good and very large portions.
Cheap fast and delicious. Just how most dumpling houses should be. For less than $7-10, you can get a pretty adequate meal. A set of 12 fried pork and chive dumplings for $4 and a hot pot soup bowl/ beef hand-pulled noodle soup for $5-6. Overall, this is a good HK street food gem in Elmhurst.
I tell people that the dumplings are the size of a Volkswagen Beetle, but literally, they are about 2 to 3 times the size of dumplings served elsewhere.I have tried the dumplings and almost all of the noodle soups on the menu, they are all delicious, the serving size of the soups is more than the average person can eat at one sitting.One caveat about the soup: the hand drawn noodles must be eaten immediately, any leftovers or take out orders which are eaten later on will have the noodles become mushy or partially dissolved in the broth producing a starchy slurry.  If you like your noodles "al dente", you must eat the noodles right away.My only issue with Lao Bei Fang was on Memorial Day weekend 2013.  I anticipated bringing back to Connecticut (I live in Stamford) an order of 64 fried dumplings to bring to a Memorial Day cookout.  I called ahead to learn that they closed at 11 PM.We walked in at 10:2OPM to place our order, they said that it was too close to closing time and they could not accommodate us.  They said they only had 16 dumplings left and were not going to make anymore for that day (POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!).Needless to say, we were disappointed and somewhat pissed off.However, we have returned since that unfortunate incident to enjoy this unique restaurant.  Perhaps in the future, a more proactive communications protocol will prevent this type of unpleasant event.
After having Indonesian food, I saw this place was rated 4 stars after 50 reviews. I had to stop in and grab 4 dumplings for $1.25. I was watching the man behind the glass making fresh noodles by hand when within 1 minute I received my lil post meal snack. The dumpling skins were thin, crispy like gyoza but they were stuffed as big as dumplings. I wasn't disappointed at all. I will be back to try the hand drawn noodles.
Ok, I've been coming back to Lao Bei Fang over and over again since my initial writeup and I might have misspoken. I initially thought the fried dumplings were there best dish. While, I do still get them quite a bit, I've also ordered a few more of the soups and have found that their pork bone soup (chai gu rou la mian) is DEFINITELY where it's at. The noodles are consistently amazing and the soup has generous hunks and pieces of pork and tendon in it and is spiced with small chunks of garlic and lots of cilantro. Oh, baby! Simply amazing.Note: the garlic is plentiful and you're gonna need a mint or something when you're done otherwise you're gonna have stink breath.
I've been there twice.  First time I took out and didn't realize that the noodles would become too soft and inflated.  That's why the lady at the counter asked me if I wanted the broth separately.  Now I know better!  Second time I ate in and ordered the boiled vegetable dumplings.  I had the vegetable steamed buns the first time I was there but found them  too doughy.  However,  the filling was excellent (but too little) so I figured the vegetable dumplings should be good and they were.  You get 8.  I barely managed 7. At $3.50 it's a good deal.   I can't wait to go back and try something else.  The staff there are very nice.  No problems with anyone either time.
The noodles, the pancakes, whatever, this place is all about the dumplings!!!! I have had the pork and scallion and the veggie/pork and they are amazing, delicious, I like to have my Trader Joe's dumpling sauce with them though, that's how they taste best.  You have to, have to try these.The people who work there are reasonably nice and the place itself is tiny.  Not a place to sit and relax/dine, get the dumplings, go home and watch TV.
I just got food from here and LOVED it!! It wasn't the most amazing dumpling and noodles I've had but the food is still very very good!They have 8 dumplings for like $2.50 and a wonton noodle soup for $4.50!And the noodles were great! They were hand pulling a fresh batch of noodles while I was waiting for my food. I like how you can see everything they are cooking behind the counter.And it got an A grade from the NYC deptartment of health!I will definitely go back!
First off, the asian to non-asian ratio is on par with an authentic, true-to-form dumpling house.  I haven't had the chance to sample the hand-pulled noodles because I had 3 orders of freakin guoties!!  Granted, it was a stop-over to a relatives house, so I couldn't go all in like I wanted to, but I definitely will hit this place up again when I'm in the area.The cramped quarters invigorate the sense, and you're just enveloped with this sweet aroma that calms and nourishes you.  I sampled the veggie and pork offerings and would highly recommend either.Do the knowledge...
this restaurant is so good,  fried pancake is so good and the cold dishes are delicious.  when i ever feel hungry, i just go there .
Up until now, I was certain my last dish on earth would be pho.   You know, the slivers of beef, tendons, tripe and rice noodles in a savory broth.  Can't reproduce that broth unless you have the secret ingredient dried sea snail.Life for me was simple.  Then I tried Lao Bei Fangs beef stew with hand drawn noodles and now everything is in flux again.  Hand drawn noodles, still firm, basking in the glory of the soy sauce and beef bouillon broth.  One must remember to break the trance induced by the splendor of this dish for with the passing of every minute the noodle gives away a little more of its resiliency.  Yes, the broth by itself is a little brash, but it is necessary to contrast and enhance the core ingredients: noodles and stew.  When you bite into the beef stew, the extruded juices soaked in by the meat and the notes furnished by the broth intensifies its texture and flavor.  Then it all makes sense.  A stalk of green and and fresh green basil makes it perfect--what else can a guy ask for on a chilly day?
So I've only been to this place ONCE so it could have been an OFF day~ but here's my experience.  I ordered the beef brisket noodle, it came piping hot and smelled fantastic! I started eating the noodle and found many noodles were stuck together, this is a no-no in my noodle handbook. The soup tasted good and the brisket was tender and yummy.   The fried dumplings are a good value, however I only wished that they came right out of the wok, I noticed that the ones I ordered were kept warm in their wok so the skin was not as crispy and light as I usually like it.  The place is of course a dump which I am use to being Chinese, however what I can't get over is when you leave, they expect you to pour your leftover soup in a big white tub next to the garbage can. Ick!    Even with that being said, I will give this place ONE more try, hopefully it will be different.
My mom always brings home Lao Bei Fang's malatang (spicy soup) and I love it. That is definitely my favorite thing from there along with their beef pancake. Very good and filling food and not very expensive! Would come here on my own.
I'll give them a 5 for now. I'd take off .5 just because of this little girl behind the counter staring at her nails meanwhile I'm standing there for a while waiting for her to look at me (even after some throat clearing). Just to find out she doesn't understand/speak English. Twas my first impression. I've gone back, but the guy who works the fryer and a older woman is quick with their service. No harm done.The dumplings! 5! Better than any cart I've had. Just as good as I would get from Chinatown without the commute. They're not overdone (that they would just fuse together) nor underdone (taste of flour?) If you have a dumpling fix, I recommend you to go here if you're nearby. I've gone twice this past week. Yay for cheap eats!My bf has been turned off by dumplings because of the mushrooms in them. But the pork and chive dumplings is strictly pork and chive dumplings and I'm just glad he joins me on my dumpling runs ^_^Scallion pancake. Not great. Might have to go back to Chinatown for that.I'm going to have to try their noodle soup.
Hearty noodle soups and the best dumplings on the planet. I have tried the beef soup and it can cure all ailments. The homemade noodles...will make you a believer. The scallion pancakes are soo good too. They miss five stars because the place is very very casual and walking around with hot bowls of soup while looking for table can be challenging when you are towing around kids too. The prices are very low and the service is  always pleasant and FAST.
I love this place....the noodles and dumplings are both incredible. I thave only been 3 times but i thnk about going here on a weekly basis.  You can buy frozen dumplings in bulk to go as well.....
Delicious! And cheap!The biggest steal is the 8 boiled dumplings for $2.50. Although in general I love pan-fried dumplings, I think the boiled dumplings are better here, even though they take a bit longer. They taste more fresh than the pan-fried ones do, and you can taste how delicious the dough is with the boiled ones.  And don't forget the soup -- that's delicious too.If you're going there and used to a clean restaurant, be forewarned that the eating area in this place IS pretty dirty, as others have said. (I like to think the kitchen is spotless though.)
Found this place with my dad whose a regular here. He made an illegal stop by double parking to run in and order some noodles to go. So a frugal chinese man risking a $60 dollar fine for a $5 bowl of noodles must mean this place is pretty spectacular. We walked away with 20 pieces of dumplings and two bowls of beef stew noodles and a wonton soup. The noodles are freshly made, so they soak up the flavors from the beef stew. It's best eaten right away since they get soft rather quickly and lose their texture. It was so good, like how my grandmother made it. This is a hole in the wall, but when you're in Queens, and you want to try authentic home cooking, give this place a shot. It's really cheap and tasty!
Mehh the pork and chive dumplings were subpar. The covering was waay thicker than it should have been with no flavor. Doused it in the vinegar, hot sauce and it was edible.
This is the best place I have found thus far for cheap dumplings and noodle soup in all of NYC. I am completely confident in saying these are the best "one dollar" type fried dumplings anywhere in town. I took a chinese friend here who grew up on beef noodle soup and she said this was better than her mother's. (!) I used to be a loyal patron of Fried Dumpling on Allen (RIP) until I discovered this place. Its probably the best example of some place one would discover in China and can be quite an experience in of itself. They are slamming and slapping the hand-made noodles all while you eat your food . They speak little English and the only table is a community style one in the middle of the room. As if that weren't enough to scare off the pickier westerners: as a bonus you get to dispose of your own soup broth/leftover food in a bucket in the corner and then bring your dirty dishes to the counter yourself. They have signs up telling you to do so - fun! Totally in love with this place and try to make a trip here about once a week. Leave your wimpy, picky non-adventurous germ-freak friends at home cause they won't be getting anything out of this place except for more of a reason to not eat great food. It's actually not really dirty - but it's not the cleanest looking place either and a bit run down. I would say for Chinese street food places its actually above average cleanliness despite what some people say on here. Most all good cheap eats in Elmhurst have zero traditional restaurant atmosphere - so I know not to ever expect anything in that regard. However, there is something to be said for atmosphere that is unusual and unique - I think too many people overlook that sometimes and just say it's "bad" or "dirty".  Also - I also believe their Mandarin sounds very Northern because I can actually understand a lot of what they say - no Cantonese heard here!
A lot of people come here for the hand-drawn noodles and even hot pot but this is my go to spot for pan fried dumplings.  Value aside, their dumplings are better than any place I have tried in Queens.  Even when they were a hole in wall at their old location on Whitney Ave, this restaurant did not disappoint.
5 stars because i fucking love the dumplings! 12 piece dumplings for about 4.50? Awesome deal. The wait time is about 5-10 minutes and the old Chinese lady is very nice. I haven't ordered anything else besides dumplings so i can't say much about the other foods. Overall i highly recommend this place if your looking for good dumplings :)
Such a nice place for northeastern Chinese food! Even though I don't live in the neighborhood any more, I always come back for this place. My favorites: Beef and Tendo Hand-Drawn Noodle Soup, Scallion Pancake, Mala bunch (vegetables and meat skewer served in a mala soup)...
After discovering elmhurst and all of the asian food there. I wanted to try this place after eating at pho bang because all of the review. We want inside and brought food to go plus it was snowing for the 1st time of the year so we didn't feel like going out again. We order the 20 piece dumplings, 3-4 cold dishes such as pig eggs, tofu noodle, etc. I didn't feel like trying anymore noodle soup so we didn't get that. The dumplings were dense but the meat inside feel and taste OLD. The cold dishes were better. Overall I would come back here when I feel like eating these dishes but it is just ok in my book.
One of the best hidden secrets in Queens. Don't come here expecting lavish seating or scenery. However, the dumplings are amazing and cheap, noodles to die for, and finally SO AMAZINGLY CHEAP. You can obviously tell that this is a small family run business and unlike other Asian restaurants they're are so nice. I applaud the owners of this establishment because the key to my heart is amazing service and nice people.
Beef Ma Lang Tang= yummyI always get It extra spicy and it's soooo good. Beef to veggies to noodle ratio is perfect and for $5.75, it's definitely width it. The pan fried dumplings are of course a must. I love the crispy hard layer of dumplings as oppose to the soft outer layer ones they sell in the corner dumplings stands in elmhurst. I always dip the dumplings in their hot oil pepper sauce and soy sauce vinegar sauce and it's delicious. However, I do remember when the dumplings costed cheaper when it was in their old location but what can we do? Economy is tough so it's inevitable, they're going to raise their prices. Another must try is the leek chive and egg pan-fried dumpling. It cost $1.25 for one and is about the same size as two regular dumplings. Inside it is leek, egg and the thin clear noodles. Soo good. Best part is, no tip. You order food, get it and just sit wherever. However, it usually is very crowded but that just means, the food is really worth it and good. For a good northern- chinese styled food, come here!!
Absolutely the quintessential hole-in-the-wall restaurant.  This restaurant serves hand drawn noodles and homemade dumplings.  Because their menu is so affordable it has become quite popular with the younger crowd.  Expect a line out the door around dinner time on weekdays.  The weekends typically have a lighter crowd.  Try the spicy beef noodles and the fried pork dumplings.  Enjoy!
The food was good and at low prices, the tables and chairs were nice (I know, odd things I look at in restaurants haha), and it was generally a nice setting to eat in.
Lao Bei Fang (LBF) has tasty guotie (pot stickers)! 4 guotie for $1.25 = Yum.8 boiled dumplings were $2.50, but they took much longer to prepare.  Stick with the potstickers, they are pre-fried and ready on the fly. I'm giving LBF a 4-star for now.  I'll return to try their hand-pulled noodles and if those delight, I'll quickly upgrade my rating to a 5. Although LBF has a cheaper rent out in Elmhurst, Lanzhou Dumpling and Noodle House in Chinatown has cheaper prices, and is in Manhattan!  Price comparison exmaple: 50 frozen dumplings at LBF = $11, at Lanzhou they're only $8.
DISCLAIMER: Two separate reviews, this one for the former location around the corner up Whitney that has since been replaced by Lao Kou Wei. I was hooked ever since that freezing January day three years ago, drawn in by the loud smacks of dough diligently pulled into the fresh noodles that filled my heaping bowl of beef tendon noodle soup. A side of fried dumplings that were at the time on top of the game and perfectly fried scallion pancakes that were crisp and flattened to just the right thickness. A smorgasbord of cheap, satisfying grub that was best served by bringing a friend or two to sample and share. All washed down with a cold prunella tea and this became a regular part of the rotation. However, this all changed about a year and a half ago when the Lao Bei Fang team had their "movin on up" moment and moved to their new, gaudier locale just steps away. True, it may be more visually stimulating than their former spartan digs, but call it an inverse relationship with what put them on the map in the first place - the dumplings. They are no longer the excellent made to order delicacies that they once were and the greasy walls and bucket where you would dump any residual soup broth will all just be fuzzy memories. I can only shake my head when I walk past the new location on the way to the cart outside of the former Elmhurst library that supplies me with what I need whenever I need my dumpling fix.
On a very cold snowy day like today.  There was nothing else better to have than a good bowl of hot  soup. a hearty one.  Didn't have any breakfast nor lunch earlier so while still seated on my dentist chair I  already have my mind fixed into heading to this hand drawn noodle place once I was done.  Ordered their House special soup which is a combination of all the different kinds of meat  with noodles and vegetables.  So delicious.. It was that good and I still can't believe I finished the whole bowl. Camille stuck with her diet and just ordered Dumplings soup to go.It was also fun watching the chinese lady make the noodles from scratchpulling the dough into strings until it becomes thin ..ready to be dumped   into the pot of boiling  soup ...add vegetables ..and poured into the  bowl......this  was not new to me ...I used to watched them make it in Hongkong way back when I was still living in Kowloon...The marketplace was2 blocks from where I use to.llive and  order some on my way home from work. .  Saves me the time cooking my own food.  ..Those were the days....My only regret I should have learned how to do it...who knows...I probably open up my own soup and dumpling place.   I guess its not too late isn't it...
I was in the area and looking for noodles. I saw that this place had the highest rating on Yelp, so I decided to stop in. I got the hand pulled noodles with fish and broth and my friend got the hand pulled noodles in a sort of lo mein dish. The soup was wonderful. The ingredients all seemed fresh and the noodles were delicious. I hate almost the whole bowl and was just the right amount of full. The issue I had with this place was that it was pretty dirty. The condiment tray on our table was disgusting and looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years. And the spoons in the tray were plastic, which can't be very sanitary. The other problem I had was when I asked for containers for the leftovers. The woman behind the counter told me I would have to pay $.50. I've eaten in hundreds of restaurants in my life and this was the first time I've ever had anyone try to charge for a to-container. It's almost like someone trying to charge for napkins. Obviously that stuff costs money, but the revenue for the food should pay for it. To be asked for money for a to-go container is downright insulting.
4 tasty, juicy, pork dumplings for a 1.25. More you buy, less you pay. 4 actually fills me up. How great is that? These pork dumplings have fragrant fennel like flavor.  For 5 bucks, you can have dinner for 2. I like the 'instantly ready' pork dumplings but I love the steamed veggy dumplings. They cost a bit more and have to be made to order but I prefer it over meat. 8 steamed veggy dumplings go for something like 3.75?This hole in the wall neighborhood joint is often filled with JHS and HS students filling up on cheap eats and adults waiting on takeouts. People eat and go / grab and go. This is not a place where you sit around and linger. Space is tight.
All-time fave place to grab a snack, usually on the way home from a night of drinking! Dumpling price was recently raised from $1-$1.25 for four - still a good deal in my book.I've never tried the noodles, though they look yum as well, and inexpensive. My friend swears by the the bowl of tripe noodles, but I think I'll pass on that one :)
This is truly a wondrous place. A hidden Jem. There is a variety of Cheap, good quality, and somewhat healthy chinese food here. Now, about this place, it's very different from Take Out; it's actually much healthier. Their signature creation is their warm, juicy, and delicious dumplings; and if you're lucky, you might hear a crispy crunch to your dumpling, yeah, good fried stuff.The Hand drawn noodles is their secondary signature creation where they make the noodles and they display it through glass. The noodles are hearty, tasty, and slurpy =) quite nice.My personal favorite item on their menu is the scallion pancake; it's special from all the other pancakes because it has meat and honey in the pancake which makes it terrific. I completely recommend this place, it's not a good sit down place, so order it to go. Also there are no parking locations, so if you drive, drop off someone to get the food and then meet them in the corner, the street in front of this place is rather narrow and congested, so prepare. Great place for your wallet and for your stomachs. Enjoy!
Never go back!! The service is so bad! The young waitress yelled to me when I finished becoz I forgot to bring all the bowls. You can remind me, but not yell to me..I do not think it is quite clean there.. The second morning I felt my stomach was hurt and I rushed to the restroom..
Fried dumplings were great - flavorful, juicy and larger than most.  Hand pulled noodles were phenomenal - just the right amount of chewy.
Been going here for years since they opened in mid 2000. Good and cheap food. Usually I get their dumplings or their wonton noodle soup.
Call me crazy but I will travel up to 40 mins for a good bowl of hand-pulled beef noodle soup. At $5.50 a bowl, Lao Bei Fang's generously sized hand-pulled beef noodle soup is certainly worth the trip. It's the next best thing after a flight to China. A lot of the local Chinese population come here for a quick, cheap bite - there's the stamp of authenticity. Dumplings are HUGE and while the the filling is delicious, the skin is too thick for my liking. But it's still dirt cheap, so why not spend the $2 to find out for yourself if it's up your alley?Okay so here's the thing - this place is definitely not the cleanest establishment... I suck it up and look the other way because the food here is just worth it.If you trust that 1) I'm a Chinese gal born in China, 2) I eat Chinese food all the time, 3) I eat 10 bowls of noodles for every half a bowl of rice, and 4) I have at least a decent opinion of good food - then there is no doubt; you must come here.
If you want a good bowl of hand-pulled noodles & dumplings, you CANNOT miss this spot! One of my favs in the Elmhurst area & so worth the trek!!! And w/ cheap prices, what's not to love?!Good for solo dining, cheap eats or take out! Hmmm... Slurp your noodles :)
This place is a total gem in this area! Great food and great price,  I cannot ask for a better Chinese food quick fix restaurant.  The only downfall is that it's a cash only place,  it's not a huge deal,  Im always prepare with cash when I am in this area. Hehe.  So how it works here:1) choose item from menu2) pay by cash3) keep your receipt and listen out for your number 4) pick up food at the counter and pig out!! Anyways,  they are known for their dumplings which are ridiculously cheap! I preferred the steamed ones,  but there are fried dumplings as well.  The steamed ones take a little bit of time to make while the fried ones are served right away.  It was my friend's first time there and he wanted to tried the fried ones.  The reason why I don't really like the fried ones is because they have way too much dumpling skin,  it's too thick for me and not enough meat to make up for the difference.  The steamed ones are more light and airy and tastier in my opinion.  I also don't understand why they don't have normal soy sauce... But a vinegar liked soy sauce,  which I don't quite enjoy as much.  So on to the good part,  their hand pulled noodles.  If you haven't tried hand pulled noodles,  this restaurant is a good place to try!! My favorite is either the beef or the lamb hand pulled noodles,  which cost me $7. Not a bad price for a really hefty meal! Let me tell you,  they don't go stingy on the Portion at all! We ate around 7pm and I was beyond full even after 2am! The soup comes with beef,  obviously,  and some vegetables.  The broth is absolutely delicious and so freaking flavorful.  You can't help but slurp your entire bowl! Ugh I just cannot say enough good things about this place! I hope you all get to enjoy this place at least once if you're in the area! It's definitely worth the trip!
Authentic  Northern Chinese Food. Has not been there for a long time.Great Taste. But it doesn't have any fans or ACs even outside is over 94. And it is cash only.
The soup broth was outstanding, hints of garlic, ginger, lemongrass...so delicious. We came here for the dumplings on a cold, rainy day. Man did it hit the spot. Will definitely be back. Don't expect anything fancy, seriously it's cash only, good dumplings and soup at a good price. I didn't get the beef, which seems to be what most reviewers are being most critical of.
Meh. Just meh. Ya, it's a little dirty but not lower-Manhattan dirty, so you're fine. Tried the chive and pork dumplings which were your average frozen type. You get a ton of dumplings for a few bucks. I would go back and try the hand-pulled noodles because that's definitely my type of schtick. What I am trying to say...try it or don't, your socks won't get blown off or you won't miss out. There you have it.
Good spot for a quick, cheap meal. Ordered two bowls of noodle soup with the pan fried dumpling all under $14. We forgot how big the bowl of soup was and how much was in it and should have ordered one to share! My favorite is the pan fried pork dumpling...SO GOOD. I think I would come back just to get that every time I crave it. Don't expect high end service or a clean restaurant. It's a down and dirty, get your food and go type of place. Works for me if the food is good!
I loved their menu! Look at all those pretty pictures! They got me...I was actually en route to a Taiwanese joint that I haven't tried yet, but walked in here instead, lured by the pretty pictures, enticing menu, and low prices. It looked pretty packed so I felt good about my decision. What a disappointment! Scallion pancakes are absurdly massive, which would be fine if it could have maintained some form of freshness. It was soggy, thick, not flaky, and not flavorful. Sauces on the table did not compliment it. We took a few bites and tossed it.Steamed dumplings took an eternity to be ready. They weren't bad. Skin wasn't super thin the way I prefer it, but it wasn't absurdly thick and doughy either. Fillings tasted decent. Sauces on the table were a better fit for dumplings. Steamed buns are massive. The pork fill in the pork buns were decent. The corn bun was way bland. We took a few bites and tossed it.Overall, not impressed.
Great spot for quick and cheap Chinese eats. The food is also delicious. Don't expect any service here. You pay in cash  and it's self service all the way. I love their tendons, cucumber and noodles.
Sure, it's a bit dirty and it's usually full of pushy patrons, but this place offers dirt cheap meals that also happen to be tasty. I usually get their veggie noodle soup. Seems like most people come for their noodle soups, but their dumplings (at least the veggie ones) are pretty good. They also offer rice dishes and a plethora of other offerings as well.Try to get your order to go, if at all possible. Otherwise, you're gonna have to battle with the half a dozen other patrons that will be willing to mow you down for a seat.
So disappointed! I needed a place for side dishes to add to our New Year's Eve party. The place has had some good reviews and so I ventured out for fried dumplings and scallion pancakes. It was a complete mistake. The scallion pancakes was hard, chewy and bland. You can tell that they did not knead the dough enough and did not care to make sure that the dough was even before frying it. It was also super greasy and lacked the most important part of a scallion pancake - scallion. I've never had such tasteless pancakes. We might as well have been eating fried chewy cardboard. The dumplings were not any better. The skin of the dumplings were super thick and the chef was obviously in a rush because they were barely browned. I had placed my order over the phone and told them that I'd be there in 1/2 and hour to pick up my order. When I got there, the girl behind the counter just finished cutting my scallion pancakes and shoved them into a plastic bag, which is stupid given that fried food needs to breathe in order to stay crispy. Then, another lady told me that we were still waiting on my 2nd box of dumplings. I waited about 5-10 minutes and by the time we got home (which was only 5 minutes away), one box of dumplings was completely cold and stuck together, the pancakes were cold, and the 2nd box of dumplings were drenched in oil AND white! For $30+, I could have gotten better dumplings and pancakes from the food cart. Maybe their noodles are better but from the way they treat their dough, I can't imagine it being any good.
Very good food. All portions are quite big. Everything about the place and the food screams homemade. Noodles are all hand made and cooked very well. Came here twice and each time left very satisfied.
I just love this place. Every time I come here the food has the same quality, meaning AMAZING!
Stopped here while in the neighborhood...so it's not local to me. But I will say that I'll gladly make the one hour trip back! Pork buns, veggie buns, dumplings, and noodles where on point and as fresh as fresh gets (they made most us it while we waited there. In any case, go if you want authentic Korean food that will leave you smiling. The one drawback is it's not exactly "fine dining". Very basic and straight forward set up, but...the tables/chairs are not why you go!
Seen this place on Yelp and decided to bookmark it. And finally on a rainy cold Saturday was able to come to try it. Found parking in front and wasn't so busy. At the counter you order food and then they call your number. We had 2 #22-Beef Noodle(handmade) Soup, 1 order of 10 pork and chive fried dumplings and a half order of scallion pancake. The soup was delicious!! The broth was great and you can clearly see the noodles are handmade since they were all different sizes. The beef was tender and the herbs were fresh. The dumplings are HUGE!(check out the pictures). They are light and not oily. And BTW 10 is A LOT! The scallion pancake was OK, I've had better. This was too thick. On this particular rainy day the soup was definitely the way to go. It's cold here but once your soup comes....you'll feel the warmth inside. :-) The have a spicy oil and your basic soy sauce for dumplings and soup. Oh and they have hot tea as well. It's included. This spot lived up to its name and yelp reviews. Will definitely be coming back...with friends next time.
With across the board price increases, price to food ratio kind of sucks now. Main selling point here was Asian street food at street prices. Not trying to spend 20 bucks for dumplings and lo mein lunch.
Recent price increase was disappointing. It wasn't a 25¢ or 50¢ increase, it was a whole dollar increase for a bowl of noodles. In my opinion, lao bei fang used to be my place for cheap eats but now it's not really "cheap" Anyways, their fried dumplings are made in bulk and left until they are ordered so sometimes (depending on when you go) the dumplings are a little crunchy.Boiled dumplings take 10 minutes to make but it's gonna be fresh and good.I'm sure all their soup bases are loaded with msg because damn their noodles are salty! Portions are huge though Something about this place has me coming back so give it a try!
Alright, long story short (and I guess.. the actual review):- Great prices for awesome food.- Awesome noodles.- Awesome steamed dumplings (I'm just not a fan of fried dumplings in general).- My go-to place when I don't feel like cooking and I'm hungry.- My go-to place when I don't feel like eating Thai in Elmhurst.- Feels authentic to me. Really authentic. This is the pushing point for the 5 star rating.Longer story (.... an explanation on how the place works.. because I somehow thought it was fitting to write down):Alright, so think fast food establishment, but restaurant-ish food. You order your food, you get your food (might have to wait a bit, especially if you want steamed dumplings-- and your food won't come all at once, they will likely give you as it is ready, so remember your number), you sit yourself down. If you want tea-- get the tea yourself, they have a little station with cups and a tea dispenser. You want more tea? You refill it yourself. You eat, you clean up, you leave.
I go there at least once a week for their beef noodle soup(#64). The place itself is just like any other Chinese restaurant but the food is amazing! The dumplings which is what they are known for are also delicious. The portion is big and what's even better is the price. It's very cheap and delicious!!
My sister recommended this place for hand pulled noodle soup.  She told me that this place sometimes gets really packed.  So our plan was either try to find a table and eat in.  If there were too many people we would do takeout.  I wasn't sure what to expect but since it was cold, raining, windy and miserable out.  It was really a perfect day for hot hand pulled noodle soup.        When you first walk into Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House you get hit in the face with this interesting smell of the meats or soup stock, I'm not sure what it was.  They have a pretty big space, small tables and chairs put together for people eating in.  There is a counter that is filled with food sort of like buffet style behind glass that I sort of recognized and some that were a mystery to me.  They have paper menus and menus posted on their walls with pictures and numbers next to them.  Talk about cheap eats. You can get a big bowl of hand pulled noodles with a choice of toppings all at a whopping price of $6 or less depending on what you select.  How can you go wrong?   Once you decide what you want you get online and put your order in and pay (cash only). They give you a receipt with a number on it and you go and find a place to sit.  When the food is ready they call your number and bring it to your table.  Everything came out very fast, under 5 minutes.  I started with their pan fried dumplings.  They were really tasty little suckers (8 pieces for $2.75).  The skin was a little thick but to me they were packed tight with pork and chives.  I also ordered their hand pulled noodle soup with wontons and fish balls.  It came topped with some vegetables, bit of seaweed with scallions and cilantro.  I was a little disappointed that their wonton's really didn't have that much filling. The rest of the soup was good.  I would have to say if I had finished the whole bowl of noodle soup I would have gone into a carb coma.  Next time I'm going with the beef tendon noodle soup.  Just a quick FYI, if you can't finish your soup and want to bring the rest home they charge you $.25 for each take out container.  By far this is not a fancy place.  If it was a bar I would consider it a dive but I can only say that this place literally offers really a cheap eats.  I can absolutely can see this place really getting packed we just got lucky because of the terrible weather.  This place offers good food, plus they have a decent menu which will definitely have me coming back.
Pro: Great food for the cost.  Hand-pulled noodles ranges from about $5-$7.  Super friendly staffs with broken English.  Free tea right next to the counter! NO TIP NEEDED. Guarantee you'll be full!Con: Pay $0.25 for a container if you cannot finish your food and decide to get it to go..
Back in its old location, I used to come for niu nan shou la mian. its nothing fancy, just good honest food
I went there recently and was surprised at all the non-Chinese people there. I thought, wow, this place must be on the map now! Sure enough, I found this yelp listing! I love how yelpers can find these places! I have been going here since it opened. I love the noodles, dumplings (and the sauce, yummy!), and scallion pancakes. I love the beef stew hand-drawn noodle soup best (niu lan shou la mian). In comparison to the flushing hand-drawn noodle place, this one has better noodles (the consistency is so good!) but the flushing one (inside the mall) has better soup. Oh well, the better noodles win. With the influx of more customers, now they offer tubs to put sauce to go, they pack soup and noodle separately so it doesn't get soggy, etc. Everyone go try this place! So they can make more improvements to the environment. Frankly, the environment is quite uninhabitable for me. On a 20-degree night, the restaurant is 30 degrees inside. I always take out because I'm a wimp. Steamed dumplings take a bit longer but fried usually is ready in an instant. Noodles are also ready in an instant. Yum!
If you are getting take out of the soup noodle, you should ask for the noodles to be packed separately from the soup.  This will prevent the noodles from overcooking and absorbing all the soup.  You also get more broth this way.
Come here for the fried dumplings!This place is a dive.  Like a hole in the wall but the fried dumplings are awesome and cheap-cheap!Hand pull noodles were great and the guy behind the counter is really good at his job :0)  However, the broth was a bit salty for me and i didn't enjoy it as much.  Overall, you can't go wrong with a large bowl of handpull noodles and broth, especially when its on the cheap side (about $4)Overall...yeah, would come back here for the dumplingsPrice: CHEAP!  $1.25 for four dumplings, $4-$6 for a large bowl of noodlesDecor:  Dive.  Place: There's limited seating.  It's more of a take out place.
all i know is that the pan-fried dumplings are some of the best i've ever had. AND at the best price i've ever had. love  you lao bei fang dumpling house!
There was a reason why my parents never brought me here: They did not want me and my sister to get fat. Yes, that's how good their stuff is. We live only a couple of blocks away.The place doesn't seem too clean. Upon entering, the smell of dirtiness kinda hits you. Smelled like my dad's fast food place, heh. Then I looked to the right, and there's a colander full of disposed noodles over a bucket full of disposed soup from the noodle soups. Did I lose my appetite one bit? Nope, the nastier the place, the more delicious the food. And that also means you get to eat for super duper cheap.Sis and I ordered the fried pork and chive dumplings, scallion pancakes and beef stew noodle soup. The fried dumplings were ok. Quite salty to me, but it was juicy to the max. Greasy, yes, but that means the more tasty it is. We failed to locate the spicy vinegar sauce, which was a downer. We also were too health conscious to drizzle the spicy oil over the already oil drenched dumplings. But we did eat it with Sriracha to get the spicy kick. The scallion pancakes were pretty good. Nice crunchy exterior, with the insides soft and chewy. Wish they put more scallions though. Tastes great with Sriracha. The winner for us was the beef stew noodle soup. The noodles were amazing! The texture was perfect. The beef was nice and tender, unlike other places where the meat gets stuck in between your teeth, and it hurts like a bitch until you reach into your mouth and pull the little sucker out of the crevice. The soup base was perfectly seasoned. I hate cilantro, but the noodle soup was so good, that I didn't mind it one bit. We were so stuffed afterwards that we couldn't even eat dinner. Seriously, it was a lot of food, and we only paid $9!! What a steal! Yes, it definitely put a toll on our bodies, but it certainly saved our wallets, and sent our taste buds on an exciting ride. And did we get sick? Nope, absolutely not. We will be back to eat some more.P.S.-I told my parents about this place, and when my dad doesn't work, he comes here to get their fried dumplings or their beef stew noodle soup. "I can't believe this dump makes such good noodle soups, and for so cheap!!", he exclaimed the first day he tried it. So basically he goes there quite often. Look who's getting fat now...
I'm not an expert. But you can tell by the crowd and how there are a lot of tables where the diners really aren't talking to one another, just enjoying what they came for that this is as awesome as I think it is. I'm going back to further my education for sure. The staff is super nice and I had this cold dish of tofu skin that was a real treat.
If Lao Bei Fang was situated in Manhattan, with the expert noodle showman slapping and smacking an elastic piece of dough in front of the house, they could've tripled the price of their noodle bowls.  But then again, I am so glad LBF is more about serving eaters in a local setting, with mainly locals having a hearty bowl of noodle for late breakfast, young teens stopping in for lunch, families spreading across the table for an affordable and filling dinner and the nonstop take out orders.  The atmosphere is cleaner than expected for a non-service restaurant and there's even a unisex bathroom as surely you might need to consume a lot of complimentary tea (why are the cups so small? To discourage people from drinking too much tea?) to wash down that 'ma la' taste from your taste buds.  Even when you ordered 'little spicy', you will still be hit by the capsaicin effect.  Due to some misunderstanding of the menu, we ordered the vegetable soup off the 'hot and spicy' section, which does not come with the famous noodle, but rather just mung bean threads. Disappointed that we did not get to try the doughy goodness, I voiced my lament to the young lady working at the cashier and asked (or begged) if the chef could just give me ONE strand to try.  She went to the noodle chef and he said if someone order a bowl, then he would give me a taste.  Elated, I prayed a customer would come in the door at this very minute and order a bowl.  Fifteen minutes passed and still nobody placed a noodle order. (Why did that high school kid order rice here???), but finally, I saw piping hot bowls delivered out of the kitchen.  Still, no sample. I started to be greatly disappointed by this false promise.  Really, do not make a promise if you cannot keep and then like a beacon of steamy air, the kind young lady brought to our table a small saucer filled with the famous noodle in beef broth.  She remembered! The chef remembered! I was so touched and thanked them continuously.  Look, it is NOT about the food anymore, but the wonderful food service the staff provided for us.  That is one of the reasons why I wrote this review because LBF deserves to be complimented for their attentive customer service at a no-tips setting.  Granted you have to clean after yourself, but that just makes the experience that much more homey, like eating at a friend's house.  We also ordered a side of fried dumplings.  Not the best because the skin was thick, but you do get your to satisfy your hunger at a cheap price.  Besides the noodles, there are another ethnic breakfast items, like congee, steamed buns, soups, and a selection of cold appetizers.  So, grab a bowl of noodle soup and bring home some appetizers for your next meal.
I've only had the dumplings and to be honest they are not as espectacular as they say yeah they are pan fried, tasty but not out of this world kinda good. Im still waiting to try teh soup, hopefully it will be better :)
One bite. That's how long it took me to fall in love with Lao Bei Fang's guoties.I have to admit, I was skeptical at first. I mean, just how good can potstickers be? I am sure some of us have been burned by the frozen variety usually found at Costcos... the tasteless, bland and microwavable type. But these guoties are pure joy. The meat is hot, juicy, compact and just melts in your mouth. The skin is deeply fried on the bottom and soft on top so it's not hard on the mouth. The perfect "simple food, simple pleasure" guoties. And CHEAP TOO!!!! And the best thing about them is that you don't even have to be hungry to work up the appetite to down a few. Just give it a try and I guarantee that your stomach will churn for more... unless you are a vegetarian. Deelicious. It's like having that perfect burger in dumpings!
finally made it to this place today and it was great.the people were super nice and friendly.  we got an order of the fried pork and chive dumplings which were crispy and delicious.  and ready so fast we barely had time to get settled at our small table.  (maybe a good appetizer option if you are waiting for a table at chao thai just down the street...hmmm?)then we had a sesame pancake with beef.  this was definitely yummy though i wished it had been crispier.  this could be my obsession with all things crispy.  the filling was good and had a nice sweet sauce.we also had a beef stew noodle soup.  the noodles are hand pulled and the broth is full of flavor.  in all, the meal was around 9 dollars which is pretty dang cheap.  i would definitely go back here.
The hotpot here is dirt cheap.$18 per person for all-you-can-eat (tax and tip included!).  Can't beat that.It includes unlimited meats, veggies, fishballs and a two-page list of other hotpot ingredients.  You can also choose from their buffet-style side dishes (such as marinated tofu), and pastries (like pork buns).  And if all that weren't enough, you can also help yourself to unending cans of soda.I took a bunch of friends here yesterday and we sat there for about three hours, stuffing ourselves silly and having a grand ol' time.  We filled our bellies with countless plates of food, and one my friend drank Diet Cokes 'til her bladder exploded.  It was awesome.You'd expect that with all-you-can-eat, they'd skimp on the amount of hotpot ingredients.  Not the case here.  You ask for a plate of meat; they give a large plate stacked with a pyramid of meat.However, the ingredients aren't always the freshest.  I don't mean food-poisoningly bad.  Just that sometimes you'll get a batch of thirsty-looking spinach, or unthawed clam ice cubes.Overall, well worth the money.  Eat 'til you can't eats no more in a homey atmosphere.
I am overwhelmed with happiness.  I can't believe I actually live within walking distance of this place.  My friend took me here just last week after having heard nothing but great things about this place and sampling their frozen dumplings she bought during the winter.  Lao Bei Fang's dumplings are the best I have ever had-here's why:they make their dumplings fresh the skin is thick (this is how I like my dumplings personally)the meat is juicy, well seasoned and full of flavor the dumplings are not only great fried but steamed (in the past i have found that most dumplings don't taste great steamed because the flavor isn't there)8 steamed for $2.504 fried for $1.25The pulled noodles are just as spectacular as the dumplingsI had the vegetable pulled noodle soup.  When you come here you will get both cheap food and a show, as the owner or his wife usually make the noodles fresh in front of you to order.  The process of seeing noodles pulled may be alarming at first, especially the slapping against the board, but this is the best way to experience noodles.  Seriously fresh noodles can't be beat. The soup is served in a large bowl and there are seasonings of many sorts in the seated area.  I love sriracha and chili oil with soy sauce for mine.  It adds some heat.  Just so you know, the seating there is limited and it gets crowded during peak hours.  Lao Bei Fang is something I want everyone I know to experience and I am convinced that no one can leave unsatisfied from this little hole in the wall.  You won't spend more than $7.50 to get full....no joke. The dumplings, again I can't stress enough, are the best ever.  I have dreams of them.  So......................... make the trip to Queens you borough snobs and experience all the jewels of ethnic cuisine it has to offer.  for those interested in Mexican food, you need to check out Jackson Heights.....no there isn't JUST Indian and Halal there.
LBF's everything was genuinely Chinese.  We had their dumplings -- steamed and fried.  Both are succulent and flavorful.  You can eat many more of these little pouches than you would think.And the hand made noodles -- you could literally watch them make the noodles behind a glass partition.  The freshly made noodles had a certain firmness that I would like to call:  an "al dente" Chinese noodle.And then there is the price -- you cannot beat the prices here.  Four dumplings for $1.25.  Love it!
4 Dumplings = $1.8 Dumplings = $2.They state the menu funny, the first few items are 4pcs for $1. The next few items are 8pcs for $2. I think they do this only to make things seem cheaper because of the $1 but really, they are the same thing. Whatever. This makes perfect sense to me, my stomach and my wallet.Don't get the seafood dumpling, it's fishy and salty. We didn't like. Every other dumpling was pretty good. Thicker skinned but still had a good amount of filling. Pan-fried was kind of greasy but still good. Soups were good as well.
My bf and I absolutely LOVE this place. We always order 2 orders of the fried dumplings and a bowl of noodle soups for each. We love the freshly made noodles by the man that just strings apart the dough and transforms it into strands of noodles. It's a very tiny crowded place, so best if you just order and take out. (Although, it would taste better to just eat there.)We go here for a fast and cheap meal.
Northern Chinese style noodles and dumplingsreminiscent of the Taiwanese noodle soups and dishes that I grew up with and often crave~Sadly, I can never seem to find any good Taiwanese style restaurants in Manhattan, or yummy restaurants such as Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House where I can get great hand pulled noodles and ho fun at a super low price - $3.50!They make their dumplings with a thicker dough which I normally find masks the taste of dumplings, but Lao Bei Fang manages to create tasty dumplings using the thicker skinned dough.  I am very impressed~Now if only they could open up a small dumpling/noodle house in Manhattan, I would be in heaven...
I am a bit ambivalent about this place.  Yes, it has cheap food.  Yes, the dumplings are delicious.  Yes, the hand drawn noodles and broth are very good.  However, man, I have just a few gripes.  First, this place is seriously dirty.  Dirt and grease and unidentifiable stuff everywhere.  There's a bucket next to the overflowing trash container where people dump what's left in their bowls after they've finished eating.  It's seriously unappetizing.  I'm not sure how often they clean the tables or counters.  Second, it's a really small place.  You will bump into people, and they'll bump into you, while you try to eat.  At the end of the day, though, I would like to come back when I have the urge to eat some good noodles--but probably not as often if the place was a wee bit cleaner.Solution: take everything to go, if you live nearby.
One of the best dumpling places and they serve a few different varieties, steamed (for the health conscious) or pan fried (which taste way better).  They serve really fresh dishes.  I mean you actually watch your noodle being made before you.  Although their prices went up a bit, the superb taste is still there.  I miss being closer to that neighborhood.........
This place is great! Lots of different restaurants claim them make hand pulled noodles. In Lao Bei Fang they show you they make their own noodles. Just watching the chef make them transports me back to China.Noodles here are tasty and cheap. Dumplins in my opinion are just an after thought. It's good - 4 for 1.25 but not great. But still a welcom addition to a tasty bowl of noodle with beef stew.
You know what? i actually thought this place was going to be a total dump after reading a couple of reviews stating that it was dirty and cramped. Instead i was very much pleased as i received a graceful salutation as i entered the joint. I was served by a very pleasant woman who youthfully and graciously took my order. Yes the place is very cramped, but you can get around, its not mission impossible, the only thing i didn't like was that they have their sauces  out in the open, very accessible to anybody to play with, not very sanitary. To top things off there was a bum ( yes a real street peddler) eating a meat dumpling, and carrying on talking to himself saying that he was the character Frank from the movie Scarface. Mind you he had only one good tooth in his entire mouth, and he was laughing blissfully after every other word he spitted out. For that reason i don't give them the five stars. As for taste, yes these little bastard dumplings taste just as good as their brothers in Chinatown. I personally drowned mine in some chili oil... very tasty. There isn't really a language barrier, they speak sufficient English and are very nice, besides they have the menu in English and in Chinese, so i think they will be able to answer you if any questions arise. Again i must say that the majority of yelpers were true to their word, and this is a very good dumpling joint.
Noodles are great and the dumplings are tasty. Plus everything is fairly cheap.
I go to Lao Bei Fang often not because it is near my house, it is because I found it the best place for pan fried dumpling and noodles. The price is very cheap (4 dumplings for $1.25)and the boss lady is very nice. I go there ofter for fried dumplings, noodles and tea eggs. The dumplings are good too but need to wait like 15 minutes to take out. Last year they took over OZ and now they have bigger and cleaner place to stay in for food.
Get yourself an order of pork dumplings and beef stew noodle soup! Tasty, cheap, and authentic.
Used to like it. But, my last 2 visits were disappointing. The broth doesn't taste as it used to be and yet the waiting time is unacceptable. "Cheap food doesn't necessarily meant to be bad quality." Sorry, I am not coming back!!
Good place to take a break and get some hearty snacks, especially when it is chilly out. Authentic Northern Chinese style.
Wow, what a bargain.  I buy dumplings in Chinatown (NYC), I buy them in my travels when I am in a rush to eat and I even buy them at asian supermarkets to make at home when I get that late night TV craving.  I have to admit though that these are probably some of the best around.  At $1.25 in Queens, what a find!!Been here several times.  The place is one of those holes in the wall that I consider a gem in NY.  It reminds me of why I Luv NY.Stop in and and have lunch, or dinner, for under $5.  If you are cold and have more to spend try the Beef Soup.  Try the seasonings in the jars to spice up your life!!Parking is tough here, so be forewarned.
I beyond love this place. I had just moved to Jackson Heights and decided to explore the surrounding neighborhood, and this place was packed so I figured I would see what was up. I got the wonton noodle soup, and it was fantastic. I've never had a better wonton noodle soup. They make their own noodles and you can tell that they're fresh, not out of a bag. The wontons were itty bitty, which was fine for me because they had put in plenty of veggies like bok choy and green onion, which for me is preferable to having a few huge wontons and no veggies. The second time I went I had the spicy noodle soup. They aren't lying about it being spicy! I had to buy a coke to offset it. But it was delicious! Full of weird vegetables that I have no clue what they were. I would go as often as twice a week sometimes. I recently moved to Seattle and this is one of the main things I miss about New York. Will definitely be stopping by whenever I go back.
Revelatory Niu nan shou la mian
The hotpot is kinda all you can eat so the price is very competitive, although no lamb meat is served. some other chinese snacks are also good. the owners were very nice. no tip is required
this joint is authentic and the people who run it are genuine. tell them you've been to shenyang (where they are from) and you've earned a friend for life. lao bei fang literally translates to the area of china where the couple orginate from. they immgirated 10 years ago and have not been back - talking about their home instantly transports them there as their eyes fill with wistful memories of friends and family still there(particularly the wife's).  on to the food. the beef noodle broth did not blow me away but it was good. what was outstanding, however, was the amazing noodles and the thinly sliced beef. we thought the steamed dumplings and fried dumplings were solid as well. and at $13 to stuff the both of us to the gills? we will be back.
Hubby and I went to check out their dumplings last night.  We got an order of 8 fried dumplings and they were delicious but a bit oily.  They fell apart when we tried to eat them but it is nothing to complain about since they're very flavorful. YUM!We also ordered the noodles with brown sauce- ja jang myun (sp?).  It is a very popular "Korean Chinese dish" in Korea so I wanted to try the original Chinese version.  It didn't have nearly as much or as thick of a sauce as the korean version.  It is still pretty good but I wouldn't order it again unless I could ask for double the sauce.The last item was a pork bun and I thought it was just ok.  All in all, we'll definitely make a return trip.  The total bill for both of us with a bottle of water was only $9!!!!
I go through withdrawal if I don't get my LBFDH fix at regular intervals. The dumplings are sublime. At the moment I'm partial to the hui xiang variety (boiled and containing some kind of wild fennel), but you can't go wrong here with anything that comes in wrapped in dough.
5 star food, everything is cheap and delicious. Love  love the noodle soup!The place is certainly as 5 star as the food... But I went  there to eat, not to look at the decor or anything else! So Yah, I am a fan!
Very good noodles. The quality is up to par and is what I would come to expect from hand drawn noodles. A typical Lanzhou hand drawn noodle shop that doesn't disappoint. The dumplings are on the ordinary side, but still yummy.
I went here around a month ago and I saw a poster that says they're moving, so some of the things I will mention might not be true any more.First off, the place doesn't look very clean, but is pretty much acceptable in my standards. I ordered a steamed dumpling and a beef noodle.For the price alone, the dumpling was very much worth it, it was packed with meat and the price/quantity ratio is very reasonable. As you would expect from cheap noodles, the meat toppings are a scarcity, but the amount of noodles served is pretty huge. I normally would have preferred to eat a balanced protein and carbo meal, but I will forgive this one for the tasty soup and chewy noodles.Overall, I would say that this is the kind of noodles I would expect from a good Chinese noodle store and top that with affordable prices, this place is definitely a good place to check out for noodle fans.
This place is small, with crowded seating.  It is not clean and has no bathroom.  This place is GREAT.  The food is off the hook.  Their dumplings are legendary but as I am a vegetarian I usually order the vegetable pulled noodles soup.  So cheap and SOOOOO good.
I specifically come here for the dumplings because I think they are delicious! My granny makes handmade dumplings and thankfully she doesn't know how to use a computer so I can safely say these dumplings are superior ;) My husband however, likes the beef hand drawn noodle soup more than the dumplings. To each his own. All i know is it's cheap, it's authentic, and you probaby should take your food to go, because the place is kind of cramped. If the weather's nice you can go sit at "Barney Park"..(You'll see firsthand why we call it that.)
The seats are so limited and the prices are cheap. I come here to get my fried dumplings and its the only one I like. Couple of times I had stomach ache from eating it, but it is probably the amount of hot sauce I put on my dumplings. If you are looking for a cheap and quick food, this is the place for you. It is a Chinese fast food joint.
Lao Bei Fang - they must be doing great business because they just moved to a bigger store around the corner on Broadway - 83-05 Broadway, Elmhurst 11372 (718) 639-3996 - the phone number is still the same. They got an " A" in the city inspection rating . They also have a bigger selection, like cafeteria style (like the Flushing stores) with stuff for lunch. My favorites - the pot stickers are still as good. By the way, in their old location is another noodle place. Their dumplings were not as good, so far.
cant think of any more best dumpling house around elmhurst.this one is a must to try and i have never find a way to complaint about this bussiness. very affordable and portion is more than reasonable.
holy smokes! that is what i have to first start with saying! ahahfrom all my reviews, i'm the type of person who likes to be waited on and appreciate the quality of fine cuisine and dining.  This is soooo not that type of place.  Not only do you order yourself, bring to your own table and clean up after yourself, you have to prepay and be a part of the community tables and condiments. Very interesting. But you know - this is ALL Part of the experience.  Inititally while i was sitting there waiting for my food, holding onto my bag tightly, i went through the yelp! reviews and noticed a loooot of stars and positive remarks.  I was a bit shocked but when the noodles came... those fresh hand-made, hand-pulled noodles in a beef broth - i took the first bite and have forgotten all about my 'dining expectations' and whatever flaws i can point out.... and realized why all these yelp reviews are the way they are.  (maybe there was one girl who had a bad day and gave a bad review..)  Otherwise, the freshness of the pasta type of noodles were not only superb but the texture and 'al dente' along with the quality soup base were amazing to eat.  While eating, i realized that i was originally having a bad attitude about things (i know i'm so spoiled. haha) but if the quality and outcome of the food dishes can make you alter otherwise, then everything else can be overlooked.. well, at least that's what happened to me! YEAH!
I would describe this place as a hole in the wall. It has really good homemade noodles and dumplings. I ordered fish ball homemade noodle soup. It was really good especially with their homemade chilli oil. You can tell the noodles is homemade because they make it in front of you. The homemade chilli oil isnt too spicy because I cant handle too much spice and this one wasnt spicy at all. I also ordered their fried dumplings which was also really good with some homemade chilli oil. The last thing I had was scallion pancakes, I only ordered half because the whole was going to be too much. The half had about 6 slices. I am going to say the place wasnt really that clean. The tables looked like they needed to be clean, but I didnt mind so much since the food was really good. They have free hot tea, near the cashier and you dont need to pay tip. The cashier spoke excellent english and if you needed any help understanding something she would help you. Overall, I really like the food.
Some of my friends consider me a food snob. I am proud to admit that I am, but not in the conventional sense. I love great tasting food, and everything else is ancillary. Case in point, Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House.   The food rocks. everything else doesn't, including the sticky floors, the lack of a bathroom, the 10 seats available for the 20 people waiting for those 10 seats, etc. Yet I enjoyed this joint immensely b/c..the food was delish to the max. And at $5 for soup, and $1.25 for 4 fried dumplings, you can't find a better value anywhere else. I would recommend the friend dumplings (just say 4 dumplings at the counter) with the beef noodle soup. If you don't mind looking like a caveman, ask for the pork bone noodle soup. Oh, I hate cilantro, so make sure to ask for NO CILANTRO. and like most chinese places that are non-americanized, they spoke to me in chinese (I'm korean). Don't be afraid to speak english though, the woman server is surprisingly fluent. ----Additional ratings: Food: 8/10 Decor: 1/10 Service: n/a* Value: 10/10 * the owner did offer a second bowl for my pork bone scraps, which was nice of her
i've been a fan and custie of lao bei fang before it moved to the bigger location on the corner of broadway, before all the hype and the non-asians found out about this place.  sadly, the quality has gone down quite a bit.  ive been to this new location twice and the first time, the dumplings were good, the beef noodles were good (just not AS good).  the second time, the dumplings were not so great because there was more chewy skin than filling and i gave their malatang a try.  not good at all! oh golden city basement i will never cheat on you again.  they also have this all you can eat hotpot special and their prices can't be beat.  i mean, there isn't really any other dumpling/noodle place around elmhurst so  iwill definitely be back but for dumplings, id recommend flushing mall 2nd floor where these hardworking korean ladies handmake these crack dumplings daily.
This place does have the biggest bowl of noodle soup i've ever eaten. Could hardly finish my bowl...i hang my head in shame. the dumplings are 4 pcs for $1.25. Noodles are around $5.Pro:InexpensiveBig bowls of noodles *slurp*A-OK noodlesCon:Hole in the wall, limited tables.you better perfect ur mandarinportions are huge (is that even a Con?) Not sure i'll go back but if i'm in the neighborhood for cheap eats and i have less than $2 in my pocket.
The food here is good. Great value for the money and they don't skimp on the quality or quantity. Yes, there is not much to say that hasn't been said about this place.
I've been wanting to go to this place for a while.  Finally went on a scorching Wednesday afternoon.  The place was hot as hell, but that did not stop my friend and i from scarfing down 12 fried dumplings and a bowl of steaming beef noodle and tendon soup.  With two drinks on the side, the total came to a little less than 11 dollars.The dumplings were okay.  I have had better but the consistency was perfect.  Crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.  Yum, pour a little hot sauce on it and you're all set.The home made noodle soup was another story.  Absolutely delicious.  It was a HUGE BOWL and it was the best tasting noodle soup I have ever had.  I am a big fan of vietnamese pho but this takes the cake.  It has a similiar taste to Pho.  With  a good portion of beef and noodles, it was enough to fill two people up.  Great Hole in the wall...Delicious. Can't wait to go back!!!!
Pro: Dumpling and Hand made noddles are pretty goodPrices are cheapCon: Small room and dirty
Great dumpling place!  I went here on 1/22/2010 in the afternoon, and service was very quick.  I've tried dumplings in Manhattan and in Flushing, and this is definitely comparable.  It is a little bit more expensive than the other places (probably due to less volume, less competition), but nevertheless the dumplings are wonderful!  Great place to come if you're in Elmhurst, NY and looking for some dumplings.
Delicious! And affordable as well. Not a good place to sit and eat during their winter month's. Buy it and bring it back home.
Lao Bei Fang gave me one of the better-tasting noodle soup experiences I've had in awhile.  I've wanted to try this place for a long time and finally got an opportunity to check out the buzz today.  Since I was hungry, I ordered 4 dumplings in addition to the standard beef noodle soup.  The dumplings came first, and they were crispy, greasy, and well-seasoned.  I've tasted better dumplings, but they sated my appetite as I waited for my bowl of noodle soup.  As I was eating the dumplings, my soup noodles arrived.  Boy, I wish I took a picture of the bowl!  It was filled with a generous serving of fresh noodles, copious chunks of beef and tendon, and assorted greens all simmering in a fragrant broth.  The broth was heavenly and packed a mouthful of spices and flavor without being too salty.  As for the noodles, they were firm and simply delicious.  Plus, I noticed that there was not as much broth compared with the other ingredients whereas many other places have more soup that drowns less "food" within the bowl.  I was stuffed and left Lao Bei Fang one happy guy!  I give 5 stars for the noodle soup and 3 stars for the dumplings.  Forget the ramen joints and Cantonese noodle soups: I've found the new noodle soup champ at Lao Bei Fang!
I was looking for those pork or crab meat-filled Joe's Shanghai-style steamed juicy soup dumplings that rumor says you can buy frozen from certain places. I walked by this place and its sign mentioned frozen dumplings. The language barrier was too strong so I ordered the 8 chives and pork soup dumplings to go for $3.25. Turned out to be dumplings in soup with some bok choy. I had just come from Hong Kong supermarket with some fresh bean sprouts, baby bok choy and enoki mushrooms. Reheated the soup, dumplings plus some of my bok choy and enoki.  WOW! DELICIOUS! Instead of an appetizer, my wife and I had a meal. Four dumplings are filling. The soup flavor was great. Now I'm going back to sample their other offerings. Maybe they do have the soup dumplings I'm seeking. But I agree it's best for takeout.
A jewel (a hidden jewel) of New York. All of its menu offerings are as authentic as it can get. Its hand-drawn noodles are hand-drawn right in front of you, and they constantly make it because that's how popular they are. Their dumplings are terrific, hot, and cheap; in fact, all of their items are cheap -- sample all of them. Their hot and sour soup is probably the best in Queens. This is a must-try establishment.
This is a hole in the wall secret! This place is SMALL, but OooOooO sOoO good. Just writing this review is making me salivate! Ok, so when you first walk in, you'll see a table or two in the center of the room, and bar-tables around the parameters. It may not look like the cleanest place to eat, but as Anthony Bourdain says, these are usually the best places to eat because it's "authentic". You walk up to the window and just tell the lady what you want. There are menus everywhere with descriptions on it so I ordered Number 9- beef stew noodle soup and an order of fried dumplings. It was delicious!!!! Great soupy broth, noodles had a good chewy snap to it, huge portion, lots of meat and very cheap! I would definitely come back again. When you are done with your food, there is a bucket to toss out your liquids and trash, and you need to return your bowl to the counter. You might thinks its gross, but hey, it's like Ikea, clean up after yourself to help keep the cost of the food down.
really good dumplings. the veggie food was good but the meat options around me looked a lot better.  oh yeah and its super cheap. its in a really funny area, kinda crazy but worth it.
Went to this joint, got two soups and dumplings. # 27 soup... way too salty and I like salt. Beef was tough and no flavor. Dumplings were ok, not as good as other reviews make them out to be. Place was crowded around 6 pm, good sign, mostly Asian people. Some of the food being served to customers looked good and very fresh... but I am not sure about taste. Joint was on the dirty side with a film of grease and shmegma covering the steam tables and front counter... typical for a heavily patronized by local ethnics. Got vegetable soup too... bland but didnt expect anything more...  hand drawn noodles served on side were cold and clumped together, not impressed. I cant say I wouldnt try it a second time just to be certain but I wont rush back.
I have to say, the food at this place was darn good; it has the un-fanciest atmosphere imaginable.  I had the hand-drawn noodles in their beef noodle soup.  It's pretty cool to see the noodles stretched out for you 1+1=2+2=4+4=8+8=16+16=32+32=64...dunk it into the boiling water for a second, add broth, beef, bok choy and cilantro, and presto.  It hurt my feelings when they forgot that I had ordered, and I was sitting there for a while wondering where my soup was, but when I got it, I was pleased. The lady who made my noodles was really nice too.  I was the only non-Chinese person in the place, and there were lots of good vibrations, friendly chatter unintelligible to ignorant me. What I could understand, however, were the unambiguous, unselfconscious slurps of satisfaction from every diner. If you can't get a hug on a windy, rainy Monday, I'd say this soup is the next best thing to warm you.
i had the beef noodle soup this time...much better than the beef stew noodle soup! add the chili oil for some kick.
definitely a dive. very small with 1 table.    there are  5 kinds of steamed  dumplings: all are 8 for $2.50--pork & chives--pork with celery--pork with cumin--pork with bak choy--pork with perserved vegetablethe fried dumpling are made of pork &chives--4 for $1.25the fried dumplings are fantastic and the boiled ones are good.the scallion  pancakes are crispy and tasty--sold in 2..the wonton soup is good--large for $2.50the jar jiang mien is on the bland side.their beef stew noodle is outstanding, though I think they overcook the noodle--$4.95.no bathroom. if you order out, ask them for containers  to hold the various sauces.
This place really stands out.  Why?  For the hand drawn noodles, quick service, low prices and of course the hole in the wall (dirty) decor.   I suggest you come here for take out as it is not worth having customers rub the back of your head w. their butt cheeks while you're eating.   The noodles are top notch and the dumplings are good and very inexpensive.   Give it a try!
this place is filthy but its some of the best pan fried dumplings I have had in NYC!
I am giving five stars for the beef stew hand-pulled noodle soup alone, which is absolutely delicious. However, this is different from the regular beef (not stew) hand-pulled noodle soup, where I felt the beef was flavorless. I also was not impressed with the zha jiang (Beijing-style?) noodles.
Great and fresh food for a very good price.  If you're craving fried dumplings and noodle soup, definitely hit up this place.  The beef stew noodle soup have cubed beef and beef tendon pieces while the beef noodle soup have sliced beef.  The decor is next to none but the food makes up for it.  Be warned, the hui xiang dumplings take awhile (~8 minutes) to steam and contain dill and a lot of it.
They serve hand drawn noodles, the cuisine that an area called Lanzhou (in China) is known for apparently. The chef noticed I hadn't added some of their spicy saucy which is on the tables and suggested I add some. I guess this is usually eaten spicy. I didn't do as he said but will do so next time.In addition to the noodles and dumplings, I noticed they also have their own brew of xiagu tea in the fridge. The chef explained xiagu is some sort of Chinese grass. Will have to try it on my next visit.This is a hole in the wall type place, decor-wise.Yet another amazingly affordable Chinese place with decent food in Elmhurst. Price range: $Absolute rating: 3 starsRating considering how much was paid: 4 starsfarm3.static.flickr.com/…
Hand pulled noodle was very decent.  This place may have the best hand pulled noodle in NYC.  Dumpling wasn't as good as I expected, or more like it wasn't my favorite kind of dumpling with thin skin and a lot of leek.  Very good spot to stop by if you are in the area
My husband had their dumplings last night and is now suffering from food poisoning.
If I had only eaten the fried pork dumplings, I would have given this place 3 or 4 stars. However I also ordered the vegetables noodle dish (which I didn't know would be a soup, since it didn't say so on the menu, like the other items). The noodles in it were pretty tasteless, the same taste as if you would make spaghetti and have it with no sauce. If you are planning on going for the dumplings, go for it, otherwise, there are several other places in the neighborhood that are better choices.
This is no longer a noodle house.  I recently tried to go there for some noodles only to find out that the store had changed.  I believe it is now some type of self serve hot pot restaurant.  Very disappointed.  Really wanted to have some hand pulled noodles.
I think I might be the first person to not give this place 5 stars.   Sure the food is inexpensive and it tastes good but I didn't find it to be 5 star good.  The noodles as other reviews have said is hand pulled and that's very impressive but I didn't really care for the soup.  Probably because I usually prefer it to be spicier.  If I'm ever in Elmhurst, NY again, I'll go back but I've had a better bowl of noodle soup.
it's so good!!! the price went up from 1 to 1.25 for four pieces, but still it's so worth it
Came here recently with my bf as we were in the area and wanted to grab some lunch. Ordered the spicy beef soup extra spicy ($6.99) and wasn't disappointed. The broth was very spicy but also on the saltier side. The amount of thinly sliced beef, noodles and vegetables definitely made up for that. There was everything you could typically order in hotpot in that one soup so no complaints in the hearty meal section. We loved that upon walking in we were instantly greeted with a "Pay first, no tip necessary," sign and the lady who took our order was quite nice. The place itself isn't the fanciest but it's a diamond in the rough if you're in the mood for very spicy soup with lots of veggies and protein. Definitely will be returning.
Yo the portions are naice~ I got the shredded pork noodle soup and bae got the beef noodle soup. Both broths were good on its own :D its prolly msg but it was put to good use. The meat in my soup was slightly unappealing in amount but real tasty. The dumplings were huge, filling, and cheap. They were like Chinese takeout dumplings. I've had better in Chinatown. They charge for containers for leftovers, 25 cents a pop. This is one of the places here you order at the front, pay, get the food from the counter and clean up free yourself. No tipping is OK. I would def come back to try the other soups like the beef and tendon one which looked real popular with the others seated nearby. They understand English!
Been a fan of this place since it was a hole in the wall on Whitney Ave. Amazing dumplings and hand drawn beef stew noodles. Those are my go-to's when I come here. I've tried other things but I like to stick to what I know. The scallion pancakes are pretty good but ultra greasy. I've had ja-jiang, wonton and beef noodles. They weren't as good as the beef stew. The dumplings are to die for. Prices have gotten high, but that's everywhere. If you're in the mood for dumplings or soup noodles, look no further!
This is what chinese fast food looks like. The place received an A for their health inspection so that makes me feel better. When you walk in it looks kinda iffy. You basically look at the wall and pick what you would like to eat. Pay for it, pick up the order, eat at a table and then put your bowl in the bin. It wasn't crowded when I went here with my dad but it was also around noon on a Monday.We got an order of boiled dumplings and the beef noodle soup. The dumplings were average. I personally thought that the dumpling wrappers were too thick but the dumplings were a nice size and eating 6 will get you at a good place. The beef noodle soup was a really large bowl! There was a good amount of beef slices in the soup and a few stands of veggies. The noodle was chewy and very well made. You can definitely tell that the noodles were hand made because of the texture. I also watched the guy hand throw the noodles in the back! My dad and I both agree we wouldn't have been able to finish the beef noodle soup on our own. Both the dumplings and the beef noodle soup cost less than $9! What a bargain. idk what I've never been here but this is a perfect place to go if you're on a tight budget and want a filling meal.
I got the beef & tendon noodle bowl.The hand pulled noodles were great. Perfect consistency.It's the broth that was toooooo salty. I didn't like how they cut the tendon -- big chunks instead of slicing thin, so it was just chewy and not super enjoyable. The beef stew is the way to go, unless you want a little lighter on the beef, in that case, the sliced beef wasn't bad either. But the broth sort of killed it.
One Word "AWESOME" Where else can you get a bowl of hand pulled noodles for under $5?? Go crazy and splurge for the pricier bowl of $6.75. Huge bowls of noodles swimming in a very rich and hearty broth!The people who work here are very polite and bilingual in Chinese and English. The interior décor is truly rustic and how should we say for a lack of a better word "Ghettoish" But its all good, because the food rocks and I can overlook some of the interior appointments.Place your order with the cashier and they will hand you your receipt with your order number. There is free self serve hot tea station if you so desire in lieu of buying soda or water. Have a seat and when your order number is called, go and pick up your food at the counter, find a open table have a seat and start to chow down.Must haves: The beef stew, beef tendon, lamb, fish ball and spicy beef noodle soups are delicious.  The pan fried dumplings were gorgeously filled with meat, though the skins were a little thick and the bottoms could have been seared a little longer on the flat top. I guess you can request the dumplings to be a little more burnt. The cold appetizers are very good as well, try the pork ear and stomach, beef tendon, tofu and cucumbers, cool and refreshing.When you're finished eating there is a soup reclamation area by the entrance. Pour all your soup out and throw away the rest in the trash.  People remember, throw out your own garbage! Mom is not coming over today to take care of you! Clean up after yourself, a little "PSA" for those certain individuals who feel that throwing away their own trash is beneath them.I noticed many foreign tourist dining here with map and backpack in tow. Even out of towners  know what's good. Come hungry, leave satisfied. I can still hear the sound of the noodles being pulled and slammed down on the table, music to my ears and stomach.
It was a cold rainy day so I needed something warm... TaDah the hot beef noodle with a good amount of beef was all I needed! Add some hot sauce for that extra flair! Don't be afraid be great!
I liked it but didn't love it.  We thought Lam Zhao Homemade Noodles in Chinatown is better, maybe because the broth is richer and we love the dumplings there.Anyhow, LBF is known for their Beef Stew noodles.  Maybe if I ordered that, my rating would bump to 4-5 stars but I wasn't feeling meat that day.  We ordered the Fish Ball Noodle Soup ($4.75), Wonton Noodle Soup ($4.75), Fried Dumplings (8 large pieces for $2.75 - juicy but a bit too oily for us), and loved the Garlic Cucumber Tofu side dish ($3.00).Still worth the try if you're in the neighborhood!
I was battling on how many stars to give cause the food is delicious but the place is nasty. Me and my bf went there and saw the chefs came out of the bathroom with his gloves on and he just went back into the kitchen. So possibly fecal matter in the food and may be that's why the food tasted good.
I must say, the best pull noodle spot in Elmhurst... And probably the only pull noodle place until Flushing or Les.   They give a lot of noodles.  Everytime I leave this place I get food coma.   The dumpling dish are Pleasantly done well and the price isn't bad either.  My only wish is that they have more clean cups to self fill the hot tea.   I strongly encourage anyone whom happened to be in  Elmhurst to give this place a shot.   This place will not disappoint.
Really wanted to like this place. Really did. Maybe it's because we took it to go but the dumpling skin was way too thick and hard and the house special I got, the tripe was too chewy :(. Maybe should've gotten the beef soup like everyone else
This place is redonculous. For the amount that you pay, you are getting A LOT. We payed something like $16 total for 3 scallion pancakes, two plates of dumplings (boiled and fried), and a big plate of noodles. So. Much. Food. A little bit on the oily side and can be a little ghetto, but still very good. If this place was closer to Flushing/Fresh Meadows, I might be going here all the time. Everyone must try this place.
To call Lao Bei Fang a casual eatery would be somewhat euphemistic; 'grimy' would probably be more accurate. With dim lighting and tables sticky from the meals of countless diners before you, the ambiance is obviously much less a priority than the food, which earned a solid 3.5 on my last visit. You order first at the counter, either from the few ready-to-go items that in pans, or from the more extensive menu. Much of the menu space is dedicated to dumplings and noodles, which is precisely why we chose to order one of each. I especially anticipated our stir-fried vegetable noodles after watching the designated noodle master in the back of the restaurant providing both dinner and a show as he tirelessly worked with a ball of dough which was pressed, tossed, spun, and whipped into fresh and chewy glutinous threads of hand spun irregularity - some as thin as angel hair pasta and others nearly as thick as udon. I found the non-uniformity endearing and a clear sign that these were made in house (yes! Down with homogeneity in the noodle universe!) though I recognize that not everyone might view it so favorably. Stir-fried with a generous medley of vegetables and covered in a sauce that was heavily redolent of sesame oil, I found this dish perfectly likable, though I was somewhat less pleased with how lukewarm it was. For a dish that had been made to order (and had required a surprisingly long ten- to fifteen-minute wait for a stir-fried dish, especially when others who ordered their noodles after us had already starting digging into their food), it was already on its way to becoming cold, which made me wonder if they'd forgotten to announce our number until long after it'd been done. We also ordered a plate of steamed vegetable dumplings (which took even a little longer than our noodles), and these were far less impressive. The dough was thick, the chopped vermicelli and cabbage filling proportionally small and lackluster, and it took some healthy douses of the supplied vinegar, hot chili oil, and soy sauce before we could begin to enjoy them. These were (also and unfortunately)  well on their way to tepidity by the time we got them to our table. Though this was far from a perfect meal in my book, two things were standout personal pluses. One, it is serve-yourself: you bus the trays of food from counter to table yourself and get your own hot tea from the provided dispenser. As such, there is NO tip. Second, there is a restroom available. Yes, it's just as dingy as the rest of the restaurant (if not more), but nothing's worse than slurping down a carafe of tea and realizing there's nowhere for it to go.
This is a no frills kind of place. Part of the charm is that it's a place where you can get good and filling food for cheap. I got the pork and leek dumplings and the beef tendon noodle soup. The dumplings were okay, it isn't the best that I've had. I really enjoyed the beef noodle soup, the noodles were cooked to perfection and the broth was flavorful. I would recommend this place if you want a quick and filling meal
Dumplings and noodles here are amazing! Their chewy wrappers and noodles are all homemade and fresh. You do not need soy sauce to eat dumplings because filling is already flavored but I recommend you to put roasted chili sauce (not hot or spicy at all).Only things you have to care about are restaurant is so tiny and no service staff. So, you have to find or wait a table, pick up your food when called, and bring compliment hot tea if you like.
Dont like the noodle taste, but the size is really big.And the cool dishes taste good.
Quantity was good, taste was bland. I got the pan fried chicken pulled noodles.  Chicken was super dry, I mean awefully dry, didn't even taste like chicken.  Leek dumplings hardly had any leeks.... There are cheap places like this in Flushing which are far better. This was a flavorless experience.
Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House has been a long time favorite of mine, having grown up in this neighborhood. This is my go to place for dumplings. Their pork and leek dumplings are really the best I've ever had and they are super cheap! The frozen dumplings are a good deal as well. 50 frozen dumplings for around 14 dollars; however, you may not achieve the same crust the first time you make them. For a long time I hadn't really tried the rest of their menu. After venturing out and trying their noodles, I couldn't understand why I haven't so already. Their soups and noodles are so flavorful and filling. And they are only 5 to 6 dollars! The Dumpling House will always be my go to place for an inexpensive lunch that satisfies my craving every time.
Inexpensive, delicious, fast and plenty. Service is ok, but when you just want food and fast delicious food on the go this place is the place! Pork dumplings are their best on their carte menu. Try them! This place can get a littleCrowed but is worth the hassle.
So my boyfriend & I were craving dumplings & soup. I went on yelp to see what nearby spots were open & this place sounded pretty good. I was not let down.  I ordered the beef stew soup. It was so good! The noodles were perfect & it had a good amount of beef in it. The bowl was huge! I couldn't finish it so I took the rest to go. My boyfriend had the beef noodles. They looked real good too. he finished them ALL (never happens). We also had an order of dumplings (8). They were simple but tasty. All of this food & 2 snapples for only $18!   The only thing I suggest is that they should clean up the place a bit. It looks a bit musty, but nothing a good wipe down could not fix. The cashier is also very nice. I will def be coming back here to try their beef scallion pancake & pork buns. I'm glad I found an awesome spot near home :)
My favorite Queens dumpling shop . OMG amazing and it's alway crowded especially during lunch time. Am always  satisfied when am here, the prices are great and the food is fresh and cooked when ordered . You defiantly get your money's worth here .
Very good restaurant with great ambience, nicely done decor.  The rest rooms were clean and tidy - yes, I judge restaurants based on their rest rooms.  I went for a work dinner around 5pm, by about 6pm the place was getting filled up.  It is a bit pricier than your average Chinese restaurant, but the service and quality of the food make up for the price different.  The food was good and the  serving for the price is upright, but the taste is kinda average.  Would recommend and return.
This place is awesome! Everything I've ordered from here have tasted great and you can't beat the prices here. It's my go-to place in the neighborhood.
The noodles were extremely salty, my zha jiang mian was cold, and the tables were extremely unclean. Do not come here.
Love the cold appetizers & lamb soup but not the decor! I am very effy about this place. I thought the quality of the food & the store itself have gone down over a few years because of the mainstream attention but it's still pretty good to try.I still love their selection of cold appetizers especially the seaweed and potato. Still very flavorful and great choices of side dishes. I am 50/50 about their Lamb-flavored hand pulled noodles. Lamb broth is very rich with that lamb meat taste & aroma. Quality of their hand pulled noodles varies - sometimes good and sometimes not that fresh.No waiter service and there is no tips required. However, just feeling around you of the environment of people trying to grab seats right when someone gets up, really makes you not want to eat there. Not to mention the dirty looking tables & chairs with dim lights... Not very appealing. I would do take-out.
I was not impressed at all.  I don't quite get the system here.  The dumplings took the longest to make and they were no longer hit by the time they called us.  Maybe we got someone else's order?  I am also not a big fan of the thick skin which apparently is northern style.  The scallion pancake was also a really big disappointment.  They were cold so definitely not fresh and also very greasy.The noodles are the saving grace but not spectacular enough to make me come back.
Been going here for decades! They have really delicious fried and/or steamed dumplings! I usually go for the fried ones.  Also their hand pulled noodles are so good. It's affordable and has big portions.  Love their Beef noodle soup... it's a MUST get.  Loses 1 star though for the slight price increase and they charged me $1 to get a to-go box when I realized that I couldn't finish my bowl and had to take it to go.
Good dumplings for an insanely (cheap) price! Their whole menu is pretty inexpensive. I haven't been back in while because the freshness of their ingredients can be questionable at times... But I'm really glad to see they have an A now. I'll have to come back and try them again!
So it was a toss up between Hainanese chicken or hand pulled noodles for dinner last night. Lao Bei Fang obviously won and that was a huge mistake.Restaurant is pretty spacious with a good amount of tables for "dine in" patrons. As soon as you come in through that door, you will get a whiff of what this place is about ---cheap eats.Read reviews comparing this place to Vanessa's or Prosperity in the city and someone said they're better. Ummmmmm you must be drunk! Yes they are in the same category. Serving cheap Chinese dumplings. But no. It is not better that those two.We got: 1. an order of pan fried pork and Chive dumplings that came with 8 pieces ($2.75). Skin was too thick. Filling was alright and in no way better than the others.2. Beef scallion pancakes ($3). This was served last. Cold, soggy and oily. I took one bite and wanted to throw it up.3. Beef stew noodle soup ($5 something). Hand pulled noodles were firm. I'm no noodle expert so I really can't tell the difference between hand pulled and machine made. I didn't get to appreciate it that much. The broth. A bit salty. 4. Beef tripe (&5 something). I didn't taste this. It wasn't appetizing. But fromThe looks of it, I saw more meat than tripe in there. Cheap eats. Yes. We spent about $15 on all that. Bf and I shared everything and I'm glad we did. There's no way I would have finished anything. Would I come back again? No. Cheap does not mean mediocre food. I'll be bringing my cheap ass over to Joju next time instead.
Ok, let's get some things straight:- There is no wait service.- No one will seat you/ take your order- If it is crowded the staff will making food and not wiping down tables as soon as a party leaves.Despite all that, this place is still my noodle oasis. This place is perfect because of the FOOD! That is what we are all here for, the food.The noodles are on point. Hand-drawn (you can see the guy making it) and fill up your bowl.The portions are perfect! This is for serious eating. No snacking will be happening here. If you want a place that leave you room for anything else, order some dumplings and then walk away. You are not ready for this level of greatness, padawan. The PRICES! Hurt when you look at prices for noodles anywhere in the city? Tired of places assuming you are obviously rolling in dough? Want to eat and also have enough to get back home? Welcome my friend! Take a seat. The prices are low and the potions are huge!Summary: If you want ambiance with your food, if you think that customer service is a staple you can't live without, this may not be the place for you. If you want food, good food, low-prices good food, hand-made lo-priced good food, stop on by.CASH ONLY
Don't judge a book by its cover.This place looks like a dive. But holy shit is the food crazy good. Dumplings. Fried. Get them. And get many of them.Noodles? I'm still working my way through the menu, but Beef Stew with Tendon and Tripe is my current number one.It's cash only.
It's a no frill kind of place. It's cash only. The food is good. They have tons of choices for hand pulled noodles with soup or without. The scallion pancake with beef is a little too heavy on the hoisin sauce and it has lettuce. The meat gets lost in it. The dumplings however are good. The skin isn't too thick.
When we were starving driving by, we all missed some kinda northern china noodles. Such as beef stew and fried pancake noodle(I just make up a name based on its Chinese)Great location, tax is not included. Not a common Chinese noodle house we've had before. The restaurant offers many kinds of noodles, which is heaven for noodle lovers! Reasonable price and service.
The hype is real. A huge bowl of delicious hand-pulled noodles in a hearty beef stew with bok choy for only $5 and a huge plate of pan-fried dumplings for only $2... food aside, you can't get a better deal on a meal anywhere else in Elmhurst. The quantity of food is insane for how little you're paying. The food itself is great too, albeit, the prices are making me a bit biased. You are definitely not getting anything super fancy or high-quality, but you are getting really filling, well-cooked food. The hand-pulled noodles are the best! I've had hand-pulled noodles several times before and I must say, the chef in the back who does the pulling is one talented noodle puller! To get the noodles to such a nice consistency, to get the chewiness just right, to maintain the same width throughout, and to never have the noodles break... that's art! Everything else is decent, just elevated to greatness due to the sheer quantity and dirt cheapness. To be honest, the broth of the soup was a little too salty and a bit too heavy on the soy sauce for me. The bok choy wasn't as fresh as the bok choy I'm used to but I'm just being nitpicky. The meat was mostly bone and tendons but then again, you are paying next to nothing for a huge bowl of soup noodles. The pan-fried pork dumplings were great though a bit over-fried/dry in one or two corners (probably cause they were reheated). But, once again, for the price, I don't mind. These dumplings were large, filling, and nicely seasoned. All in all, the meal left my bf and I quite satisfied. I'd come back here just for the noodles! One thing to note: It's an "order then seat yourself" place and you clean up after yourself afterwards at the trashcans by the doors. On a slight tangent, the trashcan for dumping soup is quite interesting, with a metal mesh separator that hangs over the top to catch the noodles... I thought it was clever, but my bf thought it was a bit gross. *Shrug* Hey, I don't see any better way of taking care of soupy substances. Besides, they're graded A (something you don't see often in Elmhurst).Food: 3.5/5 -- Decent food, made exceptional by the cheap prices. The noodles, though, are fantastic regardless of price!! I'd recommend this place solely for their masterfully pulled noodles!Service: 3/5 -- Fast, attentive, friendly, and a huge plus that they hire workers who can understand and speak fluent English. You don't usually get that at small family-owned Chinese restaurants.Atmosphere: 3/5 -- Nothing remarkable. Just a small, slightly cramped, casual deli-esque environment. Overall: 3.5/5 -- I'd give this place a 4 if the environment was a little tidier but overall, it's a fantastic pulled-noodles shop with decent food all around for super cheap prices.
It's a very good place to get Chinese food even though it looks a little bit dirty.....but I love it,really love it! You don't need to tip them but you know,you have to get food or clean tables by yourself. If they have delivery service, I will give five stars.
love this place for their authentic food in a hole in the wall setting.  i love their vegetable bao and the beefy soup. so good. i go here on a regular basis :)
Absolutely awesome food!Don't let appearances deceive you. This is my absolute favorite noodle house.
Great casual Chinese food spot.  Full of locals and great authentic hand pulled noodle.  Don't be fooled by the price!  It is very inexpensive but the food is better than other more expensive spots in the area.  Must visit if you are in the area.
Whoever says you need to spend double digits on really good food, that's a bliss mistake. Coming here in search of a good lunch, worth every dollar spent!Making my first step, I don't have to worry about flushings over saturation of ma la tong spots and mediocre dumpling houses cause Lao Bei Fang serves real Chinese food. Need to say really good service and a clean atmosphere for a Chinese joint. Moving on to the food, number 23 is a MUST here. Beef stew noodle soup with their own hand pulled noodles and tender beef and flavorful broth with crunchy bok choy and spinach garnished with cilantro and scallion. I call that a winner! One bite makes my palette fall in love. Not to mention the luscious 23 is 6 dollars!!!!!! Big mistake to turn that down. Fried dumplings are pretty good here as well. 4 pieces for 1.50 bursting with flavor and made from scratch. Need to say whatever you come for, worth the experience.
Numba 320. Numba 320. That's the sound you hear when you're waiting impatiently for your food. This place is hustle and bustle. I love my cheap, quick and tasty Northern style Chinese food, but this place failed me a bit. Not that it was terrible. It just didn't hit the spot. Beef noodles - okay, props for the fresh hand pulled noodles. Nice texture and chew. What went wrong was the broth. Extremely salty and no depth. Scallion beef pancakes. Cold and not very crispy. Pork dumplings with chives. Love me a pork chive burp but the skin on these bad boys were too thick. Beef tripe was more like tendon with 2 beef tripe. The tendon to tripe ratio was 20:1. Will pass on a second visit but others here loved it, so you might as well give it a shot.
Very authentic hand pulled noodles, beats all the LES Chinatown places. I can't believe I just found out after living here for 2 years. I had the house special all in one noodle soup, it came out so huge and it has some unexpected cuts of meat/bone and the flavor of broth is on point , it reminded me of what I had when I was 10 years old in central China. I don't recommend the dumplings only because I'm not into thick skins, But i like the pork&celery fillings.I won't recommend tourist to come here because it is a long journey from Manhattan. But locals do come! 1star less for the hygiene and collecting &cleaning after your own dishes ;)
I'm gonna go ahead and drop a 5 for Lao Bei Fang. TL;DR -- totally unpretentious, mostly self-service, giant portions of real Chinese food that's cheap as F.  Here's the long version what makes this hand-pulled noodle place so good:1) It's DELICIOUS-- I try to try a new dish every time, and I've never been disappointed. Most noodle places will use the same bland chicken broth for all their noodles and then just customize the bowl with toppings. However, this place has unique soups for each dish. For example, the Wonton Noodle Soup comes with a savory, briny, seaweed broth. On the other hand, the Lamb Noodle Soup comes with a thick, rich broth where you can taste the five spice. I am pretty salt-sensitive, and I've never felt thirsty or dehydrated after eating here so I'm pretty sure they don't use any MSG-- just natural delicious food.2) There's lots to choose from. They have 24 noodle dishes on the main menu. On top of that, they have a few specials which are posted to the side. You can also customize any noodle dish to your liking. Want to make it spicy? Just say so!They also have several side dishes, pancakes, baos, and boiled or fried dumplings to go with your noodles!3) It's made to order. As soon as the lady at the front takes your order, you will see the man in the back hand-pulling your noodles. It's fun to watch and he works fast! Because of this, the food is always fresh and the noodles are ALWAYS the PERFECT texture-- springy and al dente!4) The portions are giant. Seriously. Sometimes when they serve me my bowl or plate, I can't help but giggle at how ridiculously giant the amount of food is. I usually stuff myself with about half, and take the rest to go.5) It's cheap as fuck. Noodle dishes start at $4.50 and go to a whopping $6.50. An order of 8 dumplings will set you back $2.75. We can have a FEAST here for under $20.We find ourselves coming here most weekends, and when we don't... we sorely miss and crave it. It's safe to say it's one of our favorites in the area!
It's the only place I would go for spicy soup. Never get tired of eating it. The best thing is they open till late night and therefore it's always there when I wanted it even at 10:30pm.
I was really craving a ramen bowl and thought this would be a good stop. It's nothing special. I got the shredded pork which was ground pork and barely there in my meal. There is some sort of green vegetable aside from the bakchoy (fresh) which was clearly pickled and salty. The noodles were also a disappointment- void of any flavor and did not absorb any of the broth. The place also needs a good cleaning and I don't mean because the place is older. It just looks grungy as you sit and look around. Nothing a good solid top to bottom cleaning can't take care of
Hand pulled noodles all day. David Chang hasn't ruined this classic just yet (I think?)  I had #20 beef noodle, medium spicy and wifey ordered the beef tripe very spicy. Both were outstanding and for $7 a pop with a healthy portion of noodles.  Pork and Leek dumplings were dope as well. Just be prepared for them to be out much later than your noodle order.
I came here looking for hong shao niu rou mian (Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup), I ordered the Beef Stew Noodle soup, which was delicious, but not what I was looking for.$15 for two huge bowls of beef stew noodle soup ($5.50 each) and 8 potstickers ($2.75)!  This was a fantastic deal!Extremely fast and they make all of their noodles fresh in store (you can watch them do it).  They have quite a few sauces to choose from laid out on tables all over the restaurant, including huge tubs of my favorite, chili oil.  They also provide free hot tea.  Great little noodle shop!
This place has been on my to-do list for quite some time. People always raved about their dumplings. Finally decided to give it a shot. (CASH ONLY)My bf and I ordered the fried dumplings, and realized they weren't fresh. They already had a plate out before I could pull my money out. It's cafeteria style, so you just find a seat and wait til your food is ready. They were a bit soggy but tasted good. I would've given 5 stars if they cooked to order. They lacked the crunchy bottom fried dumplings should have. I mean it is supposed to be a dumpling house, no?I'm giving them 4 stars because the soup is on point. The hand pulled noodle soup is so delicious and fatty. I would definitely come here just for their soup.  Oh and beware, if you don't finish your soup and want to take it home, be prepared to pay 25 cents for a to-go bowl. But I can understand why they charge you 25 cents. It's microwaveable and pretty damn sturdy. So my tip is to order to go and just eat there if you don't think you'll finish your soup. Or just take the damn thing home. Don't expect a clean table when you sit.
This joint is the epitome of what Manhattan/Brooklyn/World are missing out on. Delicious food that's so cheap, it's unbelievable. As a Queens gal working in Manhattan,  I hear mad trash talk about there being no good or reasonably priced asian food in Manhattan. But then I remember this place and and all of a sudden .... long hair don't care haters!We got scallion pancakes with beef the size of my face, a huge veggie bun, 2 tea eggs, 8 veggie dumplings, an equator sized bowl of beef stew with hand-drawn noodle soup and chicken sauteed with hand drawn noodles...all delicious and ALL FOR $21. 21 BUCKS YALL, IM NOT PLAYIN!AND you get to watch the noodles being made which is even cooler than watching those huge candy canes being made...the end product is so much more delicious too. The free tea to top it off is on point too! Probably one of my favorite places to hit up on a chilly, wintery day.
I caved into my deep craving for dumplings and came back, even after I swore this place off.It wasn't that bad this time- besides the fact that they were out of dumplings and did not tell me. I only knew because I speak Chinese and overheard them (people assume I don't speak Chinese). My noodles were wrong- they gave me the wrong meat.. and since it had been sitting there for 15 minutes waiting for the dumplings, they were soggy and not very tasty at all.The dumplings were good- probably due to the fact that they were so fresh, after the ten minute drive/walk home they still managed to burn my tongue. And that I was craving fried dumplings really badly.I'm now open to trying them again- maybe the next time both the noodles AND the dumplings will have a good day?
I'm sooo hungry. But I have like, $8. :( What do I do???I come here. Right here. This place.And treat myself like the Queen that I am.With dumplings galore and hand-pulled wonton soup.4 freshly made dumplings, $1.25A big bowl of wonton soup, about $4Huge pork or vegetable bun, $1These prices are great! You would have thought everything would be pricey because it tastes amazing, but nope! It's the perfect price for the nearly empty wallet. :')It's usually almost packed when I'm there, if you're lucky you'll find an available clean table. So take the dumplings to go, or have a seat and treat yourself like royalty.** They have this "hot sauce" that tastes pretty good if you're not easily heart burn prone. Mix it with the soy sauce: YAS.
Oodles of noodles! I recently moved to the neighborhood and was craving something warm and hearty on a cold night. After reading the reviews on this place I decided I had to try it for myself. I'm glad I did. It's a no-frills restaurant with a takeout counter, and I probably would have easily passed it if I hadn't already known about it. Lao Bei Fang lived up to its reputation. I ordered the beef stew noodle soup to go, and am pleased to report that the extra generous portion at only $5.99 was chock full of flavor, noodles and beef. The best part was that you can watch the noodle man making the house-pulled noodles right in front of you! My only minor complaint is that there were quite a few fatty, inedible pieces, but it probably added extra flavor. Still, I look forward to becoming a regular there, and am definitely going to try their dumplings the next time I go.
Cheap place where you could buy dumplings, noodles and hot soups. Feel like they use lots of MSG.
I'm addicted to their hot & spicy soup (malatang). I don't live in the neighborhood but come every week.
Small family business with house made hand pulled noodles.  Def the main thing to get when you're here.  Soup noodles are good, tasty broth and huge bowl of al dente noodles.  I'd also get the stir fried noodles.  Only complaint is not enough meat in the soup noodles.Pan fried dumplings were mediocre, I preferred a thinner skin and crispier bottom.  Theirs was thick skin with a soggy bottom and the filling was puréed into a meat ball.  I'd to like to bite in a get some meat and chopped chives instead of a solid meatball with all the flavors mashed together.
Quality is subpar. The beef noodle soup tastes like a mix of hot water and soy sauce. The noodles are too thick. Pork dumplings are extremely greasy. Condiments are watered down.
Love their hot pot. I order vegetable mostly and they stock it full with vegetables! The soup is not too oily and very flavorful.
This place is shockingly good. I haven't really strayed far from the spicy soup but it is incredibly good and has a wide spread of things crammed in there for only 7 bucks.
The restaurant is usually always packed.  The spicy noodle soup is a great choice.  The noodle soup is a great size and has a good amount of food in it.  I usually share it with my friend.  The only downfall to this place is that it gets really hot in there.
You're not going to find custom made dumplings here like Tianjin dumplings or a menu with 100 dumpling options like Dumpling Galaxy, but the steamed and fried pork dumplings here are $2.75 for 8 huge dumplings, and they don't skimp on the meat.  A normal person would be stuffed after 8, and if I was being honest with myself I could have stopped there but I really wanted to try both kinds.The value here is unbeatable.  Plenty of seating inside so you won't be fighting for a table.
I ordered beef stew noodles. One piece of beef stew is totally black inside. I complained about this, but only got an answer that it was regular. That's totally insane.
Like this place needs more reviews. Dumplings are not all that. The noodles are great. Great prices. Minimal wait times. Always come right before close. Might be why they don't have all the items on the menu.
The best thing about this place is the price and their noodle soups on cold weather. They have dumplings (fried or boiled), various noodle soups, noodle dishes, cold appetizers (meat or vege), scallion pancakes and a few other items. My favorite is #27 beef stew and tendon noodle soup and meat appetizer dish (beef tripe and pig's ear mixed). I don't like their dumplings as much because of the thick wrapper but they are okay when you eat with chili oil.It's self service and the tables are not always clean. You can always request to clean the table for you.After tax:Noodles are around $6Dumplings - 4 for $1.50 and 8 for $3Meat appetizer dish - $3.50
love this place!!! one of my favorite noodle restaurants! Very authentic and the price is great!
I'm over this place. The first time I thought it was pretty great with the authentic atmosphere. (Likely reverse sticker shock.) After a few visits, I realized the veggie noodle bowl is kinda lame - the noodles are legit but the broth is just salt water, bokchoy and a dry fried egg that you really have to doctor up with the sauces on the table. The potstickers are hit or miss. Sometimes they're left out until cold and look pinkish on the inside - bad news! And there is this constant cigarette smoke in the air. 2 stars for still being an okay takeout option, as hubs loves the beef tendon bowl. For more hand-pulled goodness and other interesting dishes, I suggest Uncle Zhou's a few doors down.
CASH ONLY!It was our mistake for ordering 32 dumplings (for $11) with our beef noodle soup. The price for the dumplings was so cheap that we thought they were going to be small. WRONG. They are a good size! The texture of the dumpling (noodle) is different -  but in a good way! The pork filling is a good ratio to the dumpling wrap. The beef noodle reminded me of a greasier, saltier pho, but don't get me wrong, it was delicious! Definitely will be coming here again.
One of the only spots left in queens to get super cheap food. The food here is amazing. Whether you're getting the fried dumplings or beef noodle soups. You really can't go wrong with anything here. And for $5 you can pretty much get anything. And if you have some change leftover you can take it across the street or next door and get some bubble teaI really recommend the fried dumplings, you really can't beat these prices. I believe it was 4 for $1.25. How can you say no to that?! The meat is very flavorful and the skin is on the thicker side. T could get kind of oily but if you're looking for a healthy option you wouldn't really be in here to begin with.The decor is a little run down and kind of dingy. Not the best but to me these kind of places have the best food. The more grimy the better. But that's just me. The location is in the heart of Elmhurst on Broadway so if you're driving, finding parking could be a hassle. I would recommend to anyone looking for a quick and cheap bite to eat.
I've been coming here a lot when we get long lunches during my service in grand jury and I must say, the food very satisfying. Everything is self service. You walk up to the counter to place your order and there is free hot tea over to the side. Once they call the number on the receipt you grab the large hot bowl to a free table and eat. There are large tubs of condiments and an especially good chili oil on each table.There are picture menus above, behind the counter but try to look at the paper menu as there are more options. My go to is the Beef Tendon and Tripe Hand Drawn Noodle Soup or House Special Hand Drawn Noodle Soup (topped with Beef, Tripe, Beef tendon, Tea Egg, Pork Bone, and Bok Choy). The beef broth is what I found to be their best and most flavorful. The Lamb Mixed Hand Drawn Noodle has a different lamb bone broth base that gives a creamy consistency but not as flavorful as the beef both. The noodles are fresh, hand pulled and cooked to a nice consistency.The dumplings are your average meat filling but is a bit doughy. I personally prefer a thinner skin but still a juicy and flavorful filling. A perfect place for a quick and filling hearty lunch.
OK, if you go in expecting anything except good and inexpensive food, then you are gravely mistaken. The place has zero decor, English is limited but enough to get by, and the place seems kinda dingy/seedy, kinda has a Chinatown basement kinda feel. This place is super Chinese for better or worst, it's cafeteria style, you pay at the register and you wait for them to call your number. You even have to dump the food out yourself.The food:Dumplings- I am not sure if they offer different varieties but I always just ask for steamed or fried. The steamed is always really good, the filling to dough ratio is great and the chili oil or chili sauce table side are nice additions. The fried I think it's hit or miss. Either it's perfect or the outside edges are chewy. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Noodles- The noodles here are very good, the noodles are actually made in house. If you look in the back, you could usually see someone pulling noodles, it's pretty cool. I have had the beef noodle soup and the beef stew noodle soup and I really like both. I usually ask for thick noodles, I like that a little better than the reg noodles that they give.Cold Items- Last time I got beef tendon in chilli oil and it was really good. The chili oil has a nice kick, I only wish the tendon was cooked a little more.Scallion Pancake with beef- I thought the dish was good but oily, I still prefer the pancakes at Vanessa's.
The customer is wrong here. Arrived late, ordered a bowl and waited and waited and waited while others at at the table got their bowls. Every one at the table finished and I enquired again. They said we had received my bowl. They showed on CCTV a random bowl being delivered at the table and said it was my bowl. Now I was just a still hungry gui lo and I know I had not taken a single bite or seen my bowl and I was waiting attentively. They would not refund my $7.00. I should have called the police to settle the matter. They would not speak English and only yelled at my Chinese friends in Chinese. I was upset, still hungry but left before I would cause a scene. Quite simply I was robbed of $7 over a bowl of noodles that cost them $.50. I would not patronize this place again. The curse I wish on them is that they someday await their food forever.
I went there alone in some raining days. I ordered beef and tendon noodle soup and fried dumplings. The soup was very good originally but I added some rice vinegar and hot oil to warm up my body. For fried dumplings, it was too oily for me. Will order steam ones instead next time.
This is what a fast food restaurant in Northern China is like. Offering noodles, dumplings, pancakes, and cold appetizers, they have a large menu but people usually pick from pictures on the wall. We had noodles, vegetables and fried dumplings. The noodles are hand drawn, but not quite al dente as what you can get in China. The broth is pretty good. Their dumplings are Northern Chinese style, which means the skin is quite hard and a little tough. Take care if you are not familiar with it. Although I'm not very satisfied with their food, I'll still rate 4 stars for the large portion and super cheap price.
Interesting place. Good affordable noodles. Can't complain for $7 Lunch. Only improvement is they should get better soup spoons...would make the eating experience so much better.
I don't recommend this place to anyone. It deserves no star. I visited this place on 10/29/2016 and ordered some fried dumplings. The dumplings were not fully cooked. The filling was partially cooked and some portions were frozen. I brought this to a cashier's attention and was told either take it or leave the store, even after I showed the frozen portion to her. I am not sure whether their management team cares what is written here, but the button line is that they need to treat people with respect and manner, on top of clean food.
My boyfriend and I were in the mood for soup so we decided to try this place. There are no waiters, so you seat yourself and place your order and pick it up at the counter. The restaurant offers free tea next to the counter (self-service of course). We ordered the beef stew noodle soup, sautéed chicken noodles, scallion pancakes, boiled pork and cabbage dumplings and a pork bun. My favorites were the dumplings and pork bun. Both had very good flavor. The pork bun tasted like a dumpling, except for the white, soft bun. The bun soaked up the gravy from the pork. It was so delicious that I took one to go.I wasn't as impressed with the beef stew noodle soup, sautéed chicken noodles and the scallion pancakes. The soup base had a good taste (a little sweet). The noodles were hand-pulled, which was a plus. You can actually watch them pull the noodles next to the kitchen. However, the noodles were a little doughy for me. The meat in both dishes were a little dry. The chicken was sliced very thin, making it easy to overcook  it. The sautéed noodles dish was lacking in taste and was a tad on the oily side. The scallion pancakes were already made and sitting under the heat lamp; unfortunately the pancakes were not warm at all.
My favorite spot to eat noodles.. almost every Saturday, went with my brother : ) . The best part of it is you don't need to pay tips. They only accept cash though, but food are good. Almost everyone there for beef noodles.
I'm here far too many times than I'd like to admit. ..but the dumplings mannnnn! Not the tidiest joint and the A grade on the window is surprising but yo...if you've survived the original NYC street meat of the mystery hotdog in the gray hotdog water...this place is Le Cirque! Pan fried dumplings to go son! Y'all can stick around for the cheap soup/broth and stuff. ..that'll hit the spot whenever it's chilly out. O yeah, it's a trip watching them dudes slam that dough on the back metal counter and pull them noodles out. I'll bring my niece here one time so she can try to count how many they make when I get to babysit. Kinda like when u take kids to the zoo when they toss fish & feed the seals.
I really like this place for the chewy, al-dente noodles. It is delicious and super cheap for fulfilling meal. I crave their sesame sauce noodle on a hot day when I just want a simple and satisfying meal.  It usually comes with a few green leafy veggies and the sauce is so addicting. I especially love to add a few drops of the chili oil that are dispersed on different tables in this no-frills, no ambiance restaurant. Turn over rate is pretty fast as most people just get in, eat, and get out. There are lots of other restaurants in the area and bubble tea place across the street. Parking can be a bit problematic but usually I can find something. Other dishes I have tried before are the beef noodle soup noodle. They separate the noodle and the soup for you in different containers so the noodle doesn't get soggy. So thoughtful!!! Lots of meat too! Also tried the dan dan noodle - not as good as the zha jiang noodle. Noodles are between $4.50-$6. The cold dishes are awesome. The meat and vegetable cold appetizers are different pricing. Take out is also more expensive than eat in, but large (take out container) vs. medium (plate). They do load it to the rim. :) Chinese speaking mostly and the staff aren't the most friendly but I really don't care
While waiting for my To Go order to be prepared, I marvel at the bustling activity all along the Elmhurst section of Broadway. The food scene is quite active as restaurants are all full during my early evening midweek food sourcing excursion.Sixteen dumplings, eight boiled and eight fried took a good fifteen minutes to be prepared, but the prep time mattered not once I sunk my teeth into the bundles of deliciousness. The leeks work so well with the ground pork, a delicious combination with a dab of soy sauce which luckily I had in my pantry as none were included. At $2.75 each serving of eight pieces, I'm not about to split hairs, I just hope its not a  reoccurring theme which would be detrimental to my meal if I forget to ask on future dumpling To Go orders.The aroma drawn off the Tendo Beef & Hand drawn Noodle Soup coming from the patrons at the tables totally seduced ny nostrils and I slapped another $5.50 upon the checkout counter and ordered myself up one. As the night's are rapidly getting cooler, the meal provided a unusually enjoyable warm spot in my backpack, as I wove through traffic to get my dinner home while warm. Once at my dinner table and began the unwrapping and consumption process, I was not overly enthusiastic on the soup as the beef was a bit tough and the soup a touch salty. The dumplings were as wonderful as always.Throw the hard working staffers a dollar tip on orders if its within your means, they really appreciate it and are most deserving of it.
I've been here several times, cause I'm fat. And it's cheap food that taste good. I've had the wonton noodle soup twice with fried dumplings. I usually add the hot oil sauce to give it a little more taste. That's the best sauce in the whole damn place.Unfortunately I went in after 9 and they had no fried  dumplings. So I had the boiled dumplings. Damn, I had to be a bit healthy. They weren't that great but the pork tasted the same.Also had the pork bun... it was meh. Pork was good, outside was basic. Like bimbo white bread.Minus one star because a fly sat on my last dumpling, and I refused to eat it. And there's no fried dumplings after 9pm...on a Saturday.
I ordered the beef stew noodle soup, fried dumplings, half order of scallion pancakes, & pork noodle soup. Some reviewers said that the broth was too salty, but I thought it was just fine. The scallion pancakes were disappointing! The scallion pancakes weren't fresh, they're made ahead of time and kept warm. The pancakes were soft and only slightly warm, no crisp bite. I didn't finish them out of disinterest & rejection. My bowl of beef stew noodle soup was tasty, I wish there were more vegetables besides bok choy though. There's so much noodles!! My friend and I couldn't finish our bowls of noodle soup. The dumplings were fried well and had a great ratio of filling to dough. Overall, we both left super full and satisfied. The food here is tasty, quick, & cheap.
Cheap...so Cheap...but GoodFood: 3.5 StarsNo matter what you order, the quantity of food you receive far exceeds the price you paid for it. The overall quality of the food is solid as well. I would rate the food higher, but I have to value you it at the overall taste and quality and not let the price influence me in any way.Fried Pork & Leek Dumplings:Without knowing it I was served these dumplings over the course of many events (Super Bowls) and devoured dozens (don't judge) of them over that period of time. I have always enjoyed them and recently I learned they come from this restaurant. They are filled rather generously and while are a bit oily, the flavor is good.Pork Buns:I wish I had taken a picture of the dumpling to show the size of this monstrosity in comparison to the price I paid. Now the majority of the portion is dough, but the inside, like the pork & leek dumpling is filled generously. For $1 this was by far the biggest bang for my buck.Soup:*Note I ordered the shredded pork, but I didn't see much pork in there*Even though I was given the wrong soup I took it anyway because it looked good (although the vegetables were too high in quantity [Veggies are EVIL]). The broth had the same flavor as every other restaurant I've been to that serve similar foods, however it didn't have the overpowering taste of raw vegetables many other places have. Therefore the flavor was better.The noodles were mismatched and held a different overall consistency in every bite. Hand-pulled noodles are the best.Service/Speed: 4.5 StarsI received my dumplings within 5 minutes of ordering them and my soup approximately 2-4 minutes after. The orders are called out in English and what I assume is Chinese (don't know if Mandarin or Cantonese).While there is nothing spectacular about the service, the fact that they get the food out so fast tells you a lot about the efficiency in the kitchen. Throughout my entire meal there was always someone ordering food.Ambiance: 2 StarsThere is no waiter service in this restaurant. It follows a similar system to what you would find at a mall food court. Have a friend hold a table while you place your order and get a receipt. The kitchen looks clean, but the dining area is pretty grimy. The garbage and the soup dumping area are very close to some diners. Hearing the splash and plop of the soup hitting the bottom of a garbage can weakens the appetite a little.I expect the cleanliness factor to be a bit worse in a mall, not in a restaurant. I would recommend getting takeout because while the food is excellent, the restaurant itself could use a little more care.Maybe I'm a little spoiled in the restaurants I've eaten at over the years.Overall: 3.25 StarsIf you spend more than $10 here you either:1. Have a gigantic appetite2. You're having a party3. Your eyes are bigger than your stomach and you will have a lot of leftovers.I would recommend getting takeout because while the food is good, the restaurant itself could use a little more care.Note: The prices are perfect for takeout and large parties. Inexpensive and good taste.
Actually maybe four and a half stars but the food is really good (we got the beef noodle soup and pork and leek dumplings). Service could be better in terms of understanding what they're saying. In all, five star food and four star service. Will definitely be back !
Unfortunately my experience here was underwhelming and disappointing... I was so excited to try the food. First of all if you don't speak Chinese you are treated sort of rudely. I ordered the pan fried dumplings and they weren't fresh, before I even got to my seat they called me to pick them up. They were hard and dry like they were sitting there for a while. Which is a shame because the flavor was great and I'm sure if I got fresh ones they would have been amazing. I ordered a cold bean sauce node Which was ok nothing amazing and then another boiled dumpling which was also meh.... I've had better food and better service. Sadly I will not be back.
One of the best dumpling houses that I've been to outside of Flushing. I was there for a late lunch on a weekday. The service was fine, you order at the counter and then wait for your number to be called. I tried an order or fried dumplings and a bowl of wonton fish ball soup which featured home made noodles. What a great broth and the noodles were so tasty that I'd probably be fine with just a bowl of noodles and broth. Prepare for large tasty portions and a really cheap bill.
I discovered this place because I was looking for the nearest place I can eat good dumplings. This is kind of far from my place, but it's worth the travel time. Unfortunately, Jackson Heights lacks a spot for dumplings and should open a shop. Anyway, I made my way here, and I ordered pan-fried pork and chive dumplings. Those are the dumplings I always order. It was insanely cheap. I remember getting 8 pieces for a really low price. I walked home eating them, and it was so good. It fills you up nicely. I am aware of their noodle soups, and by the time it gets colder I will pay a visit again.
Our second time here. Food taste good. Reasonable price. We order beef stew noodle soup and beef sauted noodle. So far everything was great. Definitely will come back soon to try a dumpling and cold food.
It's alright but prices went up a lot in the recent years. I been going here for years but one thing is always true.... I have to take a giant dump after going here. Must be the chives or something in the dumplings.
I adore this place! They have the best dumplings in Elmhurst, hands down.  Most of my friends live I other boroughs or out of town, and any time I have a casual visitor, I bring them here.  It's not fancy, but it's fantastic and cheap.  Added bonus, it's  really fun to watch the cook make the noodles in the back corner of the restaurant!
Big price jump from what it use to be.  This place was decent food at a good price before the price hike.  Now that the price has jumped I feel like its not worth the money, it's doughy noodles...
Just ok as normal. Price is getting high and food is getting less. Means you need to spend more money. It's good for sometime.  Only when you make sure you have enough money.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! If you live in Queens and need to reconnect with your Asian side this is the place to go! I found out about this place through my older sister and I do not reget it. HEADS UP:- This place is a very traditional Chinese noodle shop. This means with is small, oil food, and uses every part of the meat, including fat. - They do not believe in waiters and you clean up after yourself! - This place is easily crowded during rush hours and you serve yourself everything( drinks included).THE GOOD : - This place has HAND DRAWN NOODLES! They make the noodle right in front of you, so you know it's fresh!- They give LARGE PARTIONS at CHEAP PRICES!- They offer fried food if you don't feel in a "soup mood"!- They offer FREE tea for those whom grew up by the Dim Sum lunch times.- They have fried and steamed buns!THE BAD:- They have thin sheets of meat in your meals and a lot more cartilage, especially in their soups.- It can often be so crowded that you have to wait for find your seat.OVERALL:- If you plan your hand correctly you can easily get meal that will fill you for the whole day, for only $6! - Good place to re-explore your inner Chinese side!
Authentic hand pulled noodles, broth is to die for and all you can eat chili oil...what else can you ask for?!
Finally decided to give this place a try... I wasn't disappointed! Only thing that's kept me away is that it's hard to get a table! Now I know why it's always busy... coz it's GREAT! Besides being generous with their hand-pulled noodles ... it was delicious & filling! The prices were A-ok too!!!  BEST BANG FOR YOUR BUCK :)
So its not a fancy or even that Clean looking but...  I had the steamed dumplings and they were pretty good.  I would not come out of my way for them,  but if your in the area worth the 3 bucks.
Be prepared for a long wait for the food to be ready if you arrive between 12pm and 1:30pm. I saw this couple who ordered by phone in advance and still had to wait 15 minutes or so. So while you wait, might as well entertain yourself by watching the chef make hand drawn noodles (reminds me of jump rope every time).I first ordered the pan fried dumplings and the cashier didn't think I would order a noodle for myself too. What I didn't realize is that for only $1.75, I will get a total of eight plump dumplings so I was pretty stuffed before my noodles are ready. Though, the dumpling skins were too thick.At a price of $5.25, I got a huge bowl of beef tenderloin hand drawn noodles. At first I thought they were stingy with the portions because I only see soup in the bowl until I dug up the noodles and beef from the very bottom. I was overwhelmed. The noodles were perfect and the beef was chewy yet soft which exceeded expectations for that price! I will definitely visit Elmhurst again just to have another taste.
I had the soup hand pulled drawn noodles before but I never had the stir fried kind but it was definitely not a disappointment. I liked how they put a lot of veggies into the noodles but I ordered the shredded pork stir fried hand pulled drawn noodles and there didn't seem to be a lot of pork in it. It was also extremely oily which is necessary to make these type of noodles. I would have given it a 5 if they had given me a tad bit more meat. Definitely recommend despite it's seating area inside.
stopped in for a quick dinner on a weeknight and they were quite busy! from the yelp pics we had the beef nom noodle soup, the small sized (menu only has large) cold spicy beef tripe appetizer $3.75, boiled dumplings and small wonton soup $2 for 5pcs. a meal for under $20 for 2! needless to say we ordered more to take out for lunch the following day! great find!
Love this place got the wonton soup both times. I came with another friend and she got the beef stew noodle soup and she loves it! Every thing is fresh! Cash only!
The big appeal about this place WAS the amount of food you get for the price. Since they raised all their prices in recent times it really doesn't seem worth spending $15+ for soup and dumplings.
The dumplings were cheap but mediocre.  The dumpling skin was too thick and the filling wasn't special.  They don't make the fried dumplings to order so they come out room temperature.  They were also too burnt for my liking.  No special sauce on it either.The place itself seemed a bit dirty.  I got a noodle soup and at the end, you dump the soup in a large plastic bin near the trash can.  I understand the efficiency of this place but that is something that should be done in the back by an employee, not a customer.
Amazing noodles! Cheap and fast. I got the beef noodle soup. The soup was amazing, giant portions. Will definitely return.
On a cold winter night, this is the place to go! I came to Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House just to try their fresh hand pulled noodles! That's a craft that's lost in the 21st century! I ordered the beef stew noodle soup and it is cafeteria style where you order and pay first. You get a ticket with your number on it and they'll call you. You get your own free tea that's on the side. It can get crowded with the dinner rush so try to hold your seat while you wait for your food. The beef stew noodle soup was great and of course fresh! Noodles are awesome. The broth tastes like it was cooking for a while to get all the yummy flavors and taste in it. Amazing!Also, just keep in mind that the employees' English are not that good. They only speak mandarin, which I don't speak so I have to speak to them in English. Well, if they don't understand, just point to the item on their English and Chinese menu. No biggie. And for them, it's not about providing the best service, but don't be turned away by it. I see a few non Chinese people coming in here to eat and they don't seem to mind at all since the food is great!I also ordered a scallion pancake to go. It is freshly made, but too bad by the time I got home, it was already cold. But it still tasted really good.
I always go here to buy my fried dumplings I get about 12-16 which is about $4.25 to $5. When they moved locations it was more convenient for me. I really loved their dumplings so I never really ate anything but dumplings. I may had tried something different once but I can't recall it much. I usually get the hot pepper oil they leave out on the table you'll see it in a plastic container. It's not as spicy as it used to be, in fact it is not spicy but it still adds flavor. I am eating their dumplings as I type this review. So good and so worth the money.
This is a great take-out place for delicious steamed and fried pork dumplings for a very good price.
Cheap and good. you cant go wrong here. it tastes pretty damn authentic to me!
I don't get why this place is popular. The hand pull noodles are too soft with no texture, the dumpling skin is too thick, the hot sauce is not spicy at all, the fried noodle has no flavor but soy sauce. The sauce containers are nasty, I was surprised that this is an A restaurant. However, the employees are nicer than what you would find at other Chinese restaurants who give attitude when you ask for things.
Delectable food. I would especially recommend the beef noddle soup. The place is always crowded but they will always serve the best noodle.
I really like their hand pulled noodles!  It's a bit chewy and doughy but flavorful. You see them pulling strings of flour in the back.Pro's-good food-huge portions-tables for dining in (no waiter service)-free tea (self-service)-nice staff-cheap and no tips requiredCon's-takes about 30 minutes to get your noodles-not a fan of the plastic spoon/forks (wooden chopsticks are fine)-a little off-putting to pour out soup and leftovers in a designated plastic bin next to the trash (it has a strainer inside though)
Cheap eats. Can't say it's the best.  This will satisfy your cravings. Order it and wait for your food.  Tables and floors could be cleaner.  Real soup spoon instead of plastic might have made it more enjoyable and more napkins please!  Kids enjoyed watching them make fresh noodles.
Been here twice already and I'm hooked. I love the dumplings and the beef noodle soup. The pork buns were also very good.  As soon as you hit the door you smell so many different delicious aromas of meat and broth.  Prices are very inexpensive too..
Best restaurant in Elmhurst. I would recommend the handmade noodles and spicy beef tendons.I came here twice in one weekend. It is a staple. All the dishes are cheap and portions are large.No alcohol tho.
I came here thinking it was gonna be amazing considering the glowing reviews and cheap prices, I was sadly mistaken.  I came with my friend, we ordered two beef and noodle soups, an order of fried dumplings and scallion pancakes. The soups were so greasy, it felt like they literally poured cups of cheap vegetable oil in the mix, and to make things worse the soup was so dang salty I felt my blood pressure rise, the noodles were good but thats about it.Next, the fried dumplings were, ok, very mediocre and dry and last but not least the scallion pancake was greasy and stale, not very appetizing I ate one piece and threw the rest out. I left feeling bloated and full of grease, not the healthy meal I was hoping for. To sum it up for you, if you are on a tight budget and don't care for quality this place will do.
My impression1. No tips for eating in their restaurant2. The Preserve egg with pork has very less of the egg which makes it difficult to taste anything except the water and the rice in it. In my opinion it isn't too bad, but I still recommend people to avoid this food item.3. If you like thick skinned dumplings this is your place, but if you do not like thick skinned I advise you to avoid it since the food carts infront of US Supermarket and next to the Queens Library is far better choices.4. A few of their tables are terrible because of the leg spaces and their tables aren't very clean5. I gave it a much higher rating because my wife love this place because it is cheap and require no tip
I was in the neighborhood visiting a friend and needed to grab a quick bite on my way to a concert in Brooklyn. I asked if there was a place with dumplings. My friend told me I was in luck, right near the Elmhurst subway station on Broadway. It was quick and cheap and scrumptious.  $2.15 for 8 pork leek pan fried dumplings. So good with their hot sauce. My order was ready in 3 1/2 minutes. I got a snapple too, I think it cost more than the dumplings. I will be back for sure!
My favorite Chinese food place to go for 8 yrs now. Best fried dumplings in nyc. I will miss this place when I go away for college :(
Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House does offer dumplings but what they mostly have are hand pulled noodles made right on the spot. There's nothing fancy about this place and they have a decent seating area but don't bring anyone here on your first date.  The great thing about this place is the service is fast, turnover on the tables seems to go by pretty quickly and for the price of a big mac you can eat a great meal without feeling like crap.  You'll feel good and so will your wallet.I tried the beef noodle soup and the lamb noodle soup.  I would highly recommend the beef noodle soup, the beef broth was simply amazing.  It was the best broth that I have ever had including any type of ramen joint in the city.  The lamb in comparison couldn't lay a candle on the beef broth.  I wish there was a bit more vegetables in the dishes but everything was very good and a hell of a good meal.
This place was a great find for lunch while at Elmhurst. I had the pulled noodle with beef which was delicious. Fresh with enough veggies and beef. It was very inexpensive coming in under $7.00 and was definitely way more food than one person could consume on their own. I took the remainder home.My group also had the hand pulled noodles with chicken and the pork and chive dumplings. Both were highly rated as well. You are able to see the noodles being made which was a definite plus. Quick service and cheap (and I didn't have to pay for the take away container!).
Came here and ordered the spicy beef stew hand-drawn noodles, meat & bean source (according to receipt) hand-drawn noodles, and pork & leek fried dumplings.The pork and leek fried dumplings were very delicious. Tons of meat and leeks. I did think the dumpling skin was too thick and as a result, a little soggy, but the inside was very flavorful. It tastes even better when you add the hot chili oil in the big plastic container on the table. The beef noodle soup was not spicy at all. The broth was just alright but once you put a spoon full of the hot chili oil, the dish became complete in my opinion. Yes the broth is a little oily and the chili doesn't help but I don't think you're coming here for healthy food. Despite adding a real spoonful of chili, the dish wasn't spicy at all. It was just a little kick and that was it. I am extremely surprised that the chili was not that spicy at all. The watered down rooster sauce was a little spicier, but not by much. The noodles were really good. A little al dente and it was thick enough. I think if the noodles had been thinner, it wouldn't have been appropriate for this dish. They give you lots of meat/ingredients.The meat & bean sauce noodles was okay. It's not a soup based noodle. You just have to mix the bean sauce into the noodles really well. I was surprised that this dish was not spicy at all. Usually this dish is. Again, just add the chili oil to this and it'll taste 10x better. They also have potatoes in here which is a little different from what I'm used to but that's probably because the origin of this dish comes from a different part of China than what I've eaten before.Service is just okay. You have to "fight" for your own table. You place your order, pay for it, then hope that there's a table open for your correct party size. You basically share tables with other guests. Once you're done, you bus your own table with soup going into one trash can and the rest in another. It's exactly what it's like in China in certain noodle houses. I would definitely come here again and would recommend this place.Note:  cash only
If you're walking in a cheap Chinese Dumpling house expect there to be a lot of MSG. I love their pan fried dumplings, but one can only consume so much before their stomach explodes. If you don't speak Mandarin, Cantonese, or FJ...Well..... Expect some complications when you order.#1 RULE when you come here,Just because your total adds up to less than what you expected, doesn't mean you didn't order enough food. I make this mistake all the time. I look at my receipt and think, no way can $8 dollars fill up me and my 200 pound meat eating boyfriend. Guess what? Oh yes it can. It probably has something to do with all the MSG.With that being said, don't save your unfinished food for the next day, its sort of like eating left over McDonalds. Like McDonalds, you shouldn't be eating this on a regular basis. Weekly or even Bi-weekly should be enough. If you want a healthier option, go to Uncle Zhou's. It's a couple of stores down, located next to JoJu'sFor the price and the portion, no one should be complaining about the MSG. As a broke High School student, I came here all time. Now as a broke College student, I still make my visits here because... well... it's all I can afford.
Their dumplings are amazing! Great food & cheap. You will def leave full, if your in the area check it out.
This may be the best hand pulled noodles I ever had. I ordered the noodles with beef. The noodles were deliciousssss along with the broth. Not extremely salty like other noodle houses, this one was perfect. I had a minor stomachache afterwards since I ate the entire thing in less than three minutes but it was so worth it.
Review just for dumplings. $3 (with tax) for 8 dumplings. Quick service, fairly fresh. The dumplings are tasty although a bit salty and the wrapper is a bit thick. Wasn't the perfect balance between wrapper and meat, but not bad.
Love their hand-pulled noodles and dumpling. Can't hurt that everything is so cheap. Will definitely come back very soon
I've tried the #15 Shredded Pork Hand-Pulled Noodle (the broth is really good), #43 Scallion Pancake (a little too dry for me), #55 Preserved Egg & Pork Congee (meh, I've had better). What actually brings me back here is the #1 Pork & Leek Fried Dumplings. It is so good Lao Bei Fang has been my go to place for dumplings - for this area. Pro: inexpensive, generous portion. Con: not as clean, can take a really long time waiting for food.
This is what I grew up on. NO JOKE I am 18 I started eating there since I was 4 The staff all know me which is kinda embarrassing but I can live with it the Noodles are AMAZING the Dumplings are HEAVENLY. 11/10 Would Eat again
Fried Pork dumplings are so yummy!  The filling is so juicy and tasty. I love coming here but sometimes it gets crowded which isn't a plus for me lol.
Food is tasty and good. I go there every week. Their spicy soup is so good. Price is fare.
After searching high and low for something inexpensive to serve at my bday party, came across Lao Bei Fang's reviews and read them carefully. Convinced by the majority of the reviewers' comments who were of Chinese heritage or who had traveled to China, this place won.So, I called to place an order for 48 x 3 dumplings. (uh.. math anyone?) They take only cash, so they couldn't place a credit card deposit, and I was on my bicycle all day. So I bicycled all the way from downtown Brooklyn to Elmhurst. A 10 mile ride.Needless to say, when I got there, I was hungry.I placed an order for 48 fried pork and leek dumplings, 48 pork and cabbage steamed, 48 steamed veggie, 6 veggie buns, and 4 scallion and meat pancakes. And a bowl of hand-pulled noodle soup with beef to eat right there. The price, a bit more than the other 4-5 star rated places, reflected the better quality. It still was less than $70 to feed 25 people including my soup.Lucy handled my order (see seemed like the manager or the owner). She was all about business, took care of my appetite, and treated me like a VIP.The soup rocked. And I don't usually like Chinese food.The next day, I drove a Zipcar to pick up my order and Lucy had 2 guys help load the car, parked in front of a fire hydrant right outside the door. I wanted to tip them, but the one guy refused.About 25 people enjoyed the food at a local watering hole (68 Jay Street bar in Brooklyn). I ate a scallion-meat pancake and some dumplings. The meat in the pancake was a little too sweet for my taste, but still yummy. Other people who ate the pancakes loved them.The fried pork and leek dumplings went first. Definitely the crowd's favorite. Afraid there would be leftovers, I had brought some small take out containers to the bar. Unnecessary.Everyone asked where the food came from. Unfortunately, I had to keep looking the name up, but it's worth remembering Lao Bei Fang. I think I'll type it one more time for memory: Lao Bei Fang.Worth the 20 mile bike ride AND the return car trip.
I find this place has fallen in quality and cleanliness. Dumplings were cold and noodles soup was super salty. Blech! Customers dumping all the leftover soup into an open bucket next to the customers who are still eating. It's disgusting.
It was a rainy day and I made the drive here to get the Beef stew noodle soup. It was really good- slurping up all the broth good. Only $5.50 to takeout. Well worth the price- very big portions. All the way in the back of the restaurant you can actually see the guy making the handmade noodles- pretty awesome. Their dumplings were huge and perfectly fried. Really happy with this meal looking forward to going there in the winter when one can really enjoy a nice hot soup.
I stumbled upon this place as I went on to my yearly strawberry shortcake pilgrimage to Du Bois Bakery. This place falls under my dumpling quest AND pulled noodle quest categories. Ambiance: There was a flurry of activity in the place between customers and employees giving the impression that this is a popular place.First Impression: It's kinda like a Chinese "greasy spoon" joint. You order at the counter and get your order when they call your number. So its kinda on the fast food side. Everything is designed to be self service, they are kind enough to offer free tea, but keeping the place tidy.seems to be a challenge since people are always coming in and out. The prices are very inexpensive, considering its New York.Food: First impression: I ordered the fried dumplings and though meaty and filling they were greasy. This is the kind of food you eat after a night at the bars. I also ordered the lamb with noodle soup. The challenge of lamb IMHO is to somehow mask its unique smell or flavor and bring out the lamb flavor that makes it yummy with the spices. They failed on the lamb, but the noodle chewy factor was good. Take note, I also find it entertaining to watch the noodle person make the noodles by the order counter.This is a place for a quick bite and to get a feel for the neighborhood (I notice all nationalities stop in for a quick cheap bite).
Accidentally stumbled upon this while browsing Yelp and so glad I did! Super delicious soups, noodles, and dumplings at a even more super price tag! Can't wait for my next trip back!
This place is the best! I really love the familiar, homely setting of this dumpling house. It reminds me of a fancier version of one of those hole-in-the-wall eateries in China.Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House, does NOT have the best dumpling I've tasted in my life. However, I do come here very often for affordable, delicious, and filling meals of hand pulled noodles. My top two favorite noodle soups would definitely be the Brown Sauce Pork and the Pork Bone. I can't believe I come here so often for a quick, cheap meal and have not written a review about it yet. It's one of those places you see at the corner of your eye, but end up walking past it as if it's just like any other Chinese restaurant. It is not!The cooks/cashiers will always be the same, and are very regular. They will be in a good mood when they feel good and in a bad mood when they feel bad. It doesn't bother me at all because I'm there for the noodles. If you are trying to lose weight, this is not the place to go.If you are eating healthy or trying to eat super high quality food, this is not the place to go.If you are looking for a good meal for a good price, this is for you.Full of flavor and yummy fats, Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House, ladies and gentlemen.
First time here, their food is good. But my first time experience was ruined by a beef noodle with a 'fly' ... Disgusting ...
Cheap, Delicious and Filling!My husband and I have been here twice so far.  We ate in once and ordered to go.  Eating there is good b/c you're eating your food while it's nice and hot.  However, as some of the reviews have pointed out -- the manager needs to figure out a better solution for throwing away leftover soup/garbage.  The stench from the garbage (near the entrance/exit) is not very appealing.   Food!This was the first place where I had "Sauteed Scallion Pancakes".  If you typically order scallion pancakes, you'll enjoy this dish -- it's chopped up scallion pancakes with chinese cabbage!  Noodles - you can see them making noodles from scratch in the back.  I love noodles + soup!  I got the 'shredded pork and noodles (#15) and it comes w/ a salty chinese veggie (sorry, forgot the name of it) and it's very tasty!If we lived closer, we would be regulars.
Oh man, this place is really good!We came here for a late lunch, around 3:00pm on a dreary Saturday.  It was today in fact.  Rushing in before us was a crowd of about eight middle school kids with no manners.  There was pushing and shoving going on until everyone is situated.  Looking at the establishment from the outside, it appears to be hospitable.   That is, until you meet the really sweet lady at the counter that will kindly take your order.  We had the Fried Pork Dumplings and there are four per order for $1.50.  The Meat Sauce Noodles (Jajang Mein) was the perfect portion for me, since I am not much a soup eater and prefer the amazing taste of these noodles just by themselves.  For my husband, I ordered the Beef Stew Noodle soup.  The broth was not very heavy and had a mild five spice flavor and tender bites of beef.  You want to eat this quick because the noodles will get a tad soggy from sitting in the broth.  The noodles are springy to the bite and the perfect texture.  I would love to eat them with just scallion and chili oil.  It is fun to watch the cook hand pull the noodles to order and throw them in the pot.  He makes it look so easy, but you know it is not.Out total was only $12 for the entire meal including two cans of soda.I love that the food here does not have much oil or preservatives, my stomach thanks them.  Much better than my past experience at Tasty Hand Pulled Noodle in Manhattan Chinatown, that place made me sick immediately.  If I lived in the area, I would be getting take-out from here daily.I read somewhere that they also own the Hotpot place around the corner on Broadway, hope it get to try it before I move.
Whoa, 186.... make that, 187 reviews for this rundown-looking yet, absolutely magnificent takeout / dine-in Chinese restaurant in Elmhurst!  I know this place has been ever so popular for many years, but I never came around to trying it out b/c it looked pretty dirty and shoddy from the outside.  What makes this place so glorious  then, is the fact that their hand-pulled noodles taste so fresh and clean that you just have to ignore the often times greasy tables.  Regardless of the aesthetics, the food is dirt cheap and super delicious.  Since discovering this place nearly 2 weeks ago, the bf and I have been back a handful of times.  We've placed our love of JoJu in the backseat and have decidedly gone for Lao Bei Fang's cold noodle with bean and meat sauce dish, or the shredded pork and noodle bowl, along with side orders of veggies (my favorite is the celery and mushroom), and even some fried or steamed  dumplings depending on our mood.  We've literally stuffed ourselves silly for less than $12-$15 each time we've been here.  I also love that they have free, hot tea if you decide to eat-in.  To have such hearty, and tasty, fresh meals at unbelievably affordable prices, is truly a modern marvel.  Needless to say, my 2013 belly is gonna be satiated with lots of meals from Lao Bei Fang!!
I absolutely love this place! First let me start of by saying the generic stuff like how friendly budget this place is, it's convenient location and it's great food. Personally I don't really come here to get anything other than the pot stickers (the fried ones are better than the steamed ones, but they're both good!). But I have tried their other food. I think that one main attraction about this place is that they make the noodles in front of you. There are seats right in front of the window that they make the noodles which is cool! The noodles itself don't really taste THHATTT amazing. They taste like something that you can get anywhere else.. Oh.. and they have a language barrier which pushed it down one star. For the most part if you can't speak Chinese you'd have to point to what's on the menu and if you wanted a special request like no cilantro or less spicy that's going to be tough on you. The receipt is also in Chinese.OH!!! And they have unlimited tea :D
Right along a street of savory Asian treats, this place actually tops the rest. The noodles, scallion pancake, side dishes, and dumplings are the best after-work reward you can give yourself. Should I mention all for a superb price?If you're a foodie and a wallet-watcher, this is your heaven.
I finally made it to Lao Bei Fang Dumpling House!  This place has been on my list for a while.... I just have too much to do and so little time!ATMOSPHERE:Hole in the wall type place.  Love love love these places!Very small and cramped.  SEATING:Communal style!There are 2 small counters with about 4 stools each.  There are 4 small tables that have 8 chairs in total.FOOD:1) Pork and Chive Fried Dumplings - nicely pan fried.  The skin of the dumpling is a little thicker than what I would have preferred.  I don't prefer the thicker skin dumplings.  If you like the thicker skin dumplings, these dumplings are for you!!2) Beef Stew Noodle Soup3) Fish Ball Noodle SoupBoth the noodle soups were pretty good.  The hand drawn noodles are delish.  If you happen to catch the guy at the counter working the noodles, it's a sight to see!  yelp.com/biz_photos/3K7K…On this particular instance, the noodles were a bit too cooked.  It may be because the folks behind the counter were too busy to keep a close eye on the noodles.... the line was literally out the door.  All the flavors of the noodles and dumplings were perfect.  PERFECT.  Not too salty... not too sweet.  YUM!  It's 100% worth a trip to try the food.PRICE:Cheap!CONCLUSION:Head on over to try their HAND DRAWN noodles!
