A+ for food, but be warned portion sizes are smaller than average and prices are higher than average.  But honestly, it's been a while since I've tried a new place and actually enjoyed every dish ordered, so no complaints from me.One of my biggest gripes about the sub-par Chinese food scene in NYC is that there is not enough specialization, and many restaurants try to do everything (e.g., a Cantonese restaurant serving soup dumplings), so all the food is meh.  I wasn't sure how I would feel about Pinch offering a pan-regional menu, but having tried a variety of things, I now realize that with the right chefs, a pan-regional Chinese restaurant can be great too.Soup dumplings -- I've been wishing for a Din Tai Fung in NYC for years and was nervous and afraid to be disappointed, knowing that the chef is from Din Tai Fung, but I'm happy to report that it was great.  The skin was thin as I had hoped, although compared to DTF, the dumplings are smaller, a bit saltier, and pricier.  They were nice and soupy though, and the thin skin is a winner.Cumin ribs -- I was planning on trying these anyway, but really had to order it after seeing that they quoted a fellow Yelper for the menu description ("'tender fall-off-the-bone ribs,' - Jocelyn, from Yelp")...literally lol...I wonder if she knows she's being quoted.  Anyway, they were as good as advertised.  The flavor was good, the meat was just slightly crispy on the edges while the meat was "tender fall-off-the-bone."Dan dan noodles -- this item is offered at so many restaurants, I almost didn't want to order it, but I'm glad I did.  The noodles were perfectly al dente and "Q," and the sauce was the right balance of salt and spice.Wind sand chicken -- apparently this chicken is marinated for 2 days, and it's the most expensive thing on the menu at $45, but I would not hesitate to order it again.  I started off with a piece of white meat, and it was juicy and tender, and the rest is history.  Skin was crispy (maybe could've been a little crispier), and garlic on top added great flavor without being heavy.Buddha's delight -- I needed some veggies so went for what I thought would be the lightest thing on the menu.  My husband made a face when it came out (it looks bland), but it was well seasoned, and he ate his fair share of veggies with no prompting on my part.Overall, very happy to find a good quality Chinese restaurant, and I look forward to going back to try more items on the menu!
9/10 I walked past Pinch Chinese on the street and couldn't help but take a few steps back to checkout the menu. New dumpling destinations don't come often. There is only so many times you can be let down by inconsistency in Chinatown, missing that perfectly portioned soup dumpling (from Din Tai Fung) that makes your belly ache. In this case it was destiny. Pinch Chinese is everything I want out of a Chinese restaurant in the city. Pinch Chinese brought in a chef from Din Tai Fung and you can immediately tell if you've ever visited the Taiwanese chain. The soup dumplings (XLB) are created in a kitchen with an open window to the dining room, inviting patrons to witness the process of creating the tiny dumplings with prowess.  The decorations are inventive with a contemporary Chinese feel. Between the menu and decor, the restaurant feels more upscale than the average Chinese establishment while presenting a varied collection of dishes. The beverage selection features a number of Chinese inspired ingredients, as well as a comprehensive wine list. We ordered a variety of dumplings as well as a few other entrees, all of which were high in quality and punched above their weight for the price point. Eggplant and peashoots are my favorite Chinese veggies and didn't disappoint. The house special shrimp packed a lot of flavor for fans of Kung Pao seasoning. I enjoyed the steak fried rice more than the dan dan noodles, which didn't stand out to me next to the other dishes.I'll be returning soon with any and all willing sidekicks. This is a welcome addition to New York's Chinese offerings.
MUST HAVE: Mushroom dumplings. Before I elaborate, please note that I enjoy mushrooms but have no particular preference for them. That being said, the Mushroom Dumplings BLEW. MY. MIND. What soup dumplings? That's what you'll be saying when you try these Mushroom ones!! They are presented on a linen cloth so that they don't break/stick, and the dumpling itself was beautifully made. 1 dumpling = 2 bites so that after you take the first bite and experience the smooth, rich sensation, you'll want to take a look at what's inside. Diced mushroom with the distinct taste and scent of truffles! The waitress told us we had 'refined palates' as she had been told that the truffle was an added touch not easily noticeable. *humble brag* - Mushroom Dumplings - 6 to a serving - $10Now, being that the chef of Pinch Chinese came from the Michelin rated soup dumpling chain, Din Tai Fung, the soup dumplings here were nothing to sneeze at. As expected, the pork soup dumplings here were delicious! Just the right amount of rich, flavorful soup for the size of the dumpling. - Pork Soup Dumplings - 6 to a serving - $10I'm a huge fan of pork belly; I have a 'Pork Belly' album in my Pictures folder, which pretty makes me a pork belly connoisseur, right? ... Anyway, the pork belly here was a perfect piece of lean meat with a fatty top, not too salty, too fatty, or too chewy. Served atop thin slices of fried tofu, which were also delicious and savory, with Chinese vegetables in a beautiful clay pot dish. I only wish that the portion size was bigger, for the price. - Dong Po Pork Belly - $18Something here for spicy lovers: the Dan Dan noodles! As someone that can't handle spicy foods on a regular basis, I'd recommend this for someone that likes having their mouth consumed with hotness, cause ya girl's mouth was on flames. I will admit though that the noodles were a great texture! There was shredded pork and garlic that you mix in but honestly can't comment on the taste because again, my mouth was on fire. - Dan Dan Noodles - $12 I overall enjoyed my meal, the only problem was that I wish there was more of it! Well worth a try if you're in the area.
It's exciting to have a great Chinese food option around this area, which was previously pretty lacking (except maybe for Legend nearby).The soup dumplings here are excellent, as are a number of the other specialty dishes, like the Mapo Tofu and the Dan Dan Noodles. The Steak Fried Rice is also solid.I'll definitely be back when the Chinese food craving hits and I don't feel like going down to Chinatown.
Stopped by as we strolled in the village at this unassuming place whose menu had only a few items. Soup dumplings caught my eye and we walked in. We were seated by the window to the kitchen where 3 chefs folding dumplings with amazing precision 21 to 23 folds each that when they were delivered to the table were the best and the most delicately flavored mouthful bites ever. I have had these in the Michelin stared places but nothing like pinch. one cannot even taste the wrapper. Pork and the subtle flavored surf and turf would be all I'd eat. However the Dan Dan noodles with a side of the garlic eggplant would come home with us to be finished later. Once again I would be the looser if i don't return.
This place definitely has good authentic Din Tai Fung style Taiwanese/Chinese food. The downside is that it's pretty pricey for small portion of dishes. I went with three other friends and we ordered a bunch to share. Pork soup dumplings and mushroom dumplings were divine. They were just like the ones from Din Tai Fung. We ordered the steak fried rice and seafood fried rice, which were wonderful as well. If you want more bang for your buck these dishes are the ones to order as these are slightly bigger portions. Talking about small portions.. Do Not Order Dan Dan Noodle! It's $16 and you can finish it in 3-4 bites. Dong Po Pork Belly wasn't big either. Overall everything was good except Taiwanese cabbage + bacon. There's definitely room for improvement for this dish. The bacon was too dry and the cabbage wasn't sweet like Taiwanese cabbage. The portion is TINY as well for this dish. We paid $38 per person including tax and tips, which is definitely pricey for Taiwanese/Chinese food. I'll come back whenever I crave for Din Tai Fung but I wish they could improve on the portion size and the Taiwanese cabbage + bacon.
Loved this place and so excited there these delicious dumplings in New York (and so close to our apt!)As a lover of Din Tai Fung (years worth of dining in Sydney as well as in HK) there are lots of restaurants that have a tasty broth and meat Xiao Long Bao but it was always the wrapper that was too thick - these ones are perfect! Things we loved and will get again:- pork dumplings- seafood and pork dumplings (they kinda taste like the pork ones, I couldn't really tell the difference) - pork belly (warning: kinda fatty but I LOVE that)- steak fried rice- cucumber dishThanks Raffy and Miguel for accommodating us with our little 17mo!We will definitely be back!
---Food (4/5)---Fantastic little spot. Already extremely popular due to the famous chef operating out of the location. The food great as expected. The Dan Dan noodles had a hint of Szechwan pepper in them, causing a small little numbing feeling, which I absolutely love. The only thing is that the Dan Dan noodles came out alittle under sauced, which was just a bit disappointing, making the noodles sparingly saturated. Alittle underwhelming with the lack of sauce. The Soup Dumplings were, as expected, delicious. All in all, the food was good, but lacked the pop of best food ever.---Drink (5/5)---So they have some great cocktails and the man behind the bar, Jesus, was great and very attentive. Made a great drink; however, there are two things that stood out: (1) Their drink list which Consisted of 1) Hey I Just Met You 2) And This is Crazy 3) But Here's My Number 4) Call me Maybe. and (2) that they had Wolffer's cider on tap. This little 6.9% cider has been one of my favorite new drinks that is just the best. It tastes like summer in a glass. If anything, I'd go back just because of their Wolfer's on tap.---Service (5/5)---Nothing really to say here except that it was expected and the performance was right on par. Thanks for a great meal guys.
Came here with a large group with dietary restrictions (no pork! at a Chinese resto! whaaa?!) and the staff was super accommodating. The mushroom dumplings and the chicken dumplings/soup dumplings were both standouts. Like, it wasn't a vague blob of protein filling inside the dumpling...you could taste big mouthfuls of delicious minced mushrooms! High quality ingredients wrapped in delicate thin skins.  And yes, that's what you pay for. I don't understand why all of these stupid Yelpers complain about prices but then say oh yeah the food was really good and then give the resto 1-3 stars. Like, do you only give 5 stars to cheap restaurants?? It's not like you don't know what the prices are before you order. If you're cheap, THEN JUST GO TO SHAKE SHACK. You'll be endlessly delighted.
Tasty food, just a little pricey for what it is. I stopped by on a Saturday for lunch at noon and didn't have to wait at all; there are plenty of two-tops, and it wasn't particularly busy. We split the soup dumplings and the mushroom dumplings, both of which had very delicate skins, although I preferred the soup dumplings. We also had the dan dan noodles and the cold chicken noodles, both of which were well prepared and not too heavy. The service was generally okay and the food solid, just a little pricey, but it wouldn't stop me from returning to have more soup dumplings.
Came here for the chef from Ding Tai Fung.Pork soup dumplings were solid - filled with soup, tender meat. Mushroom dumplings were new and exciting - strong mushroom flavor came through. Fish dumplings were forgetabble - not much flavor inside.The dan dan mian and taiwanese pork over rice were great comfort food dishes. They come with a soft boiled egg that you break and mix into the dish. The dan dan mian almost becomes like a carbonara. Prices are a little high for the food.
This place is wonderful ! I've never had such a good Chinese meal. The staff is really kind and the place is very cozy. Thank you for this succulent meal. You have to try the jasmine flower tea , it has become my all time favourite.Definitely coming back !
Not a single bad dish on the menu - everything is a must have - might as well order two! The duck is 100% worth calling 48 hours ahead.
Soup dumplings resembled Ding Tai Fung's quite a bit!! Everything was tasty and not too salty (huge plus). Giving it 4 stars vs 5 due to the price point. Will definitely return to sample other dishes !!
Growing up in Taiwan, I've always loved soup dumplings.  Unfortunately there's no Din Tai Fung in New York so I could only satisfy my craving by going to Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown or Kung Fu Xiao Long Zhao on 8th Avenue.  Needless to say, I was very excited about the opening of Pinch Chinese because the chef is a veteran from Din Tai Fung.The restaurant was not too crowded when my friend and I dined on Saturday night.  The overall ambience was very nice with great music playing in the background. We ordered:- Seafood & Pork Soup Dumplings- Mushroom Dumplings- Niman Ranch Cumin Ribs- Dan Dan Noodles- Three Cup ChickenThe food portions were small but definitely enough for the two of us.  The seafood and pork dumplings definitely did not disappoint - the skin was very thin and the fillings tasted amazing.  We liked the mushroom dumplings too but still preferred the seafood and pork ones.  The meat on the ribs was cooked so well that it was very easy to get it off the bone and eat the ribs in a very lady-like manner. We also really liked the Dan Dan Noodles and Three Cup Chicken but these two dishes definitely did not stand out in particular.  Overall, it was a great meal, kind of pricey but worth paying for the food plus the nice ambience.  The staff there was super helpful with suggestions, and they didn't rush us even after we finished and were just sitting there to chat.  I definitely will come back again!
The food was really good (especially the soup dumplings are very tasty): however, not so budget friendly...It was like $18 for three pieces of ribs, etc. The store was nicely designed.
I initially didn't believe this place is $$$, I thought it might be a mistake, how can a Chinese place other than Din Tai Fung have three dollar signs?But this place is indeed expensive. I got a dan dan noodles and xiao long bao, it cost me ~$35 and they did not fill me up (I would not complain about the price if they did). I went to a taco place and had 2 large tacos before I got full.But the food tasted great, especially the dan dan noodles, legit.
The best fried rice I have ever had in my life. As a Chinese, I have had so many fried rice in my life, but this one is definitely the top quality fried rice. Egg and rice are separated. Egg is not over cooked, and rice don't stick together (this means the rice is very well prepared.) It's not easy to cook the rice to this level, not too much water and not too dry. Overall it's not oily. And of course, authentic fried rice should come with scallion. I think this dish tells a Chinese chief's profession the most.
not your typical chinatown fare. (and the prices will show too)I started with the spiked bourbon milk tea. to share for 2, my friend and I had the pork soup dumplings, cumin ribs, king crab rice noodle, dandan mein, and 3 cup chicken. portions are tapas sized, so order about 2-3 items per person. (we had 5 for 2 people) and was very full afterwards. The food was good, and decor feels very modern. the place will satisfy your chinese food cravings if you're in the area!
Visiting NY to see some friends and was excited to hear there was a new place with soup dumplings that opened.For the night I had tried: soup dumplings, chicken dumplings, scallion chicken noodle, cumin ribs, dan dan noodles.  All of it was delicious.I'm recovering from being sick so I just had water but there was a pretty extensive list of wine, beer and cocktails to choose from.Atmosphere of the place was great.
My experience was tainted by the service ...We were so excited to have dinner here and we put in our order for dumplings as soon as we sat down while still deciding on our main courses.The Food:- pork soup dumplings: delicate little parcels, flavorful and meaty relative to soup ratio- chicken soup dumplings: chicken version of delicate little parcels - spicy wontons: my favorite! my friend inhaled these! Exciting flavor explosion and not overwhelmed by spiceThis is where it goes downhill...We put in our entree order....waited 30 min, had more drinks and still no food. It's difficult to flag down someone and when we finally got someone to check on our order, they had the wrong order so they had to resubmit our order at 10pm. The pork belly and steak fried rice was not stellar, not good enough to overlook the service. They were apologetic but I would suggest they send a round or drinks or comp dessert for poor service and gaffes on their end
Great experience and outstanding food! Perfect location and looking forward to returning. Go between 5-7pm and enjoy the wine and dumplings. I ended up staying longer because the food was amazing with a burst of flavor. Try it!
Soup. Dumplings. Need I say more?Ok, maybe a few more words. Pinch was absolutely delicious. I ordered from their prix fixe lunch menu--pork soup dumplings, the chicken sao bing sandwich, and seaweed with tofu. Everything tasted great and it was definitely a filling meal. The service was friendly and attentive. I also just enjoyed the atmosphere. Pinch felt warm and modern with a few fun touches like little succulents placed at each table and a cocktail menu named almost entirely after Carly Rae Jepsen's "Call Me Maybe". Buffalo is sadly lacking when it comes to places like this, so Pinch was a serious treat for this upstate New Yorker and I would not hesitate to return, maybe next time for dinner so I can sample from their insane wine list!
Loud rap music with explicit lyrics at 5:30 pm when my child was eating with me. Very limited menu and overall just not that good. Way overpriced for what is served. Disappointing.
The service is really weird. Our server literally asked us over 10/15 times during the dinner if we need anything else, sometimes even when we were conversing and he literally just broke off the conversation to ask that. It's not a pleasant dining experience because you feel someone was always hovering around your table and watching you, trying to clean the table when we were still eating, kept asking me if I want more hot water in my tea pot, reaching between us to pour the water even though glass wasnt even half empty. At the end another server came around and asked if we want the check even though we are still talking, and there's no other guests waiting and plenty of empty table. Food is not bad and the decoration is trendy - I like the chinese poems and jokes used in the menu. But definitely one of the weirdest/unpleasant dining experience I had in the city.
Well.. used to love this place. I live round the corner and used to come twice a week for the soup dumplings... tonight the waitress pretty much criticized us for ordering so many of them,,, these and our wontons and spicy shrimp all came at once with a sarcastic comment of "oh you ordered so many dumplings did you want these staggered?" Errr bit late love! I travel to la, London, Berlin, hongkong, etc etc for business and really just do not want to be patronized in my local go to spot. Too much competition in NYC for bad service - sorry!
This place is basically a cute little hipster Chinese restaurant. The soup dumplings are absolutely adorable since they are half the size of normal soup dumplings. They aren't as juicy as your typical soup dumplings but the filling is good, the skin also a great texture. We also got the spicy wonton, the sauce is definitely not what I had imagine and the sauce had a very light to almost no taste but chili oil. The pork belly was very good, very fatty so if you don't like that, don't order it, but to me, it was perfect. The snow crab with glass noodle was my favorite. They gave you a good amount of the crab and the entire dish was just flavorful and tasted like home to me. We got egg plant and garlic sauce for the veggies we ordered a side, so portions a little small but the eggplant and the garlic sauce they got right. Since the portions were so tiny, I was hungry and also ordered the dan dan noodles - a little disappointed with it. Dan dan noodles are suppose to have a peanut flavor to it but this one had too much and too large of chunks of peanuts which became a little over powering in the dish so I found myself picking out all the peanuts but the sauce barely had an essence of peanut if you remove the actual peanuts. Worth a visit for the pork belly and glass noodles but there are much better Chinese places with a lower price point and more authenticity to the flavors but this place, décor wise, is better suited for a first date.
New place, and awesome tasting food.  I actually had Pinch before jetting out to Seattle and having the actual Ding Tai Fung the day after so had a pretty good comparison.  I thought that the soup dumplings at Pinch are actually better!  They are more succulent and flavorful then at DTF.  Portion size is actually similar to DTF, which honestly is also kinda small.  The restaurant is in SOHO, so the price is actually pretty reasonable for that area (its the cheapest on the street).  (btw, DTF was also $10 for 6 dumplings).The noodles are awesome, very chewy and flavorful.  The cumin ribs were delicious, and very tender.  I've also had the mushroom dumplings which were super umami flavored and enjoyable.The decor is nice, and chic.  Bar has some serious wine selection and some interesting drinks.  The owner clearly spent a lot of time picking out good wines from all over the world.Overall very happy with the taste and selection of the food.  Understanding that it is in SOHO and all makes the price acceptable.  It's on the same level of service, and portion size as DTF, with better taste if you ask me.  Looking at spending about $35-40 a person without drinks.TLDR:Delicious, upscale Chinese restaurant.
As someone who has cycled the island of Taiwan on a culinary pilgrimage.  The holy grail of all the restaurants I sought nourishment from was Ding Tai Fung which is world famous for it hand-made dumplings in a dining establishment that provides 5 star plus food and excellent customer service.  Pinch Chinese is a pale imitation.  Higher prices for smaller dishes since everything is appetizer-portioned.  If you dine here, prepared to go broke and hungry :-)
Had a reservation and still had to wait 15 minutes. Pretty sure the table we were seated at was available when we first walked in, but whatever. They may have been trying to pace the kitchen because the table next to us was empty and the group that was eventually seated there had also been told to wait when it was available all along. Ordered the soup dumplings, green beans, eggplant, seafood fried rice, and wind sand chicken.First of all, I don't like how the waiter decided to serve us the food. I understand that there is limited space on the table but he should have asked us how we preferred our dishes to be sent out. We received our soup dumplings first which were good, but not $10-for-6-small-pieces-good. Then the green beans and fried rice came out. I really enjoyed both but again, small portions. I dislike small portions. I was waiting for the eggplant and chicken to come out because uhm... I'm Asian. I need to eat my dishes with rice. So I was trying to hold out on finishing the rice by eating slowly, and then eventually asked the waiter if the eggplant was coming out. He responds with, "oh I put it in with the chicken." To which I replied... "can you just have everything come out when it's ready?" Regardless of my attempt to withhold from finishing the rice and beans, the eggplant took too long and I ended up finishing both. The eggplant finally came out and it was very good (but not significantly better than what you'd get at any Chinese restaurant), and thennnn the chicken finally came out. The way that the chicken is prepared kind of reminds me of Peking duck (which I think is a good thing bc who doesn't love duck?). The meat was moist and it was definitely a lot of food because we took about 1/4 of the chicken to go. The food is honestly not bad but it's not amazing enough where the up-charge seems worth it. The wind sand chicken is by far the most expensive dish and I would say that this is the one thing (of what I ordered) that could not be found at another Chinese restaurant (chicken quality would prob not be as good and it would also prob be greasier). BUT is it worth $45? Meh. Conclusion: spot is decent but I most likely will not be returning.
s'ok spot for soup dumplings, but they are fairly small and pricey ($10 for 6) - the skin is fairly thin which is a plus, but the dumpling flavor was underwhelming. as were the spicy wontons that featured this 'crack sauce,' which was pretty good, but not nearly as good as the  spicy wontons from china cafe which are serious crack.the least flavorful dish we had was the mapo tofu - pretty bland though it offered the mouthnumbing spice, if you're into feeling nothing. the best thing we ordered was the cumin ribs, which are hella pricey ($18 for three ribs), but the meat was crispy, so flavorful, and definitely worth ordering over everything else we had.if you must have chinese and you're in this nabe, then sure, it's a decent spot, but if not, would recommend just heading elsewhere and getting your chinese fix at better and more affordable spots.
I see this place as an attempt to gentrify chinatown chinese food (with the added cost too). The food is okay but nothing special. You can get better versions of the same dishes down in chinatown for much less money, albeit in a much grungier atmosphere. Their soup dumplings were tasty and were bite-sized (although you should let it cool a bit before popping it in your mouth whole). However, they weren't better than taking a trip a little further downtown (and I don't mean Joe's shanghai). If you'd rather pay more money for a more gentile atmosphere eating your noodle soup, fried rice and soup dumplings, by all means. Personally, I'll continue to head to chinatown.
In every review of an East Coast Chinese restaurant, I lament over and over again how much I miss good Chinese food after leaving SoCal. But after going to Philly, I guess my biggest bone of contention is with NYC (except DC, but DC is missing a lot of things). Seriously, the Chinese people to good Chinese food ratio is way off. I have become like my mother every time I go back to SoCal, all I want to eat is Chinese food. With New York upping what I would consider expensive, and my constant hankering for something to placate my Chinese food needs, I often say I'm willing to pay whatever to just have good Chinese food within my vicinity.And well...Pinch offered, and I kind of have to balk at how much I paid.Don't get me wrong, I fully, fully logically understand that the area is not cheap, labor is not cheap, and materials are most likely not cheap as well; they've clearly not skimped on quality of food and atmosphere here. But there is something that is just deep within my being when a table of 6 (but technically 7 although number 7 didn't really eat anything) splits the bill for the food evenly and then pays for their own drink...I paid over $80 for my share. Yes that includes one beer and 20% tip. But seriously over $80, for just me.Another con for me is that they do the thing that I hate the most at normal fancy Chinese restaurants. They keep taking your damn plate away too soon. I guess most (?) Chinese people like that? Although I honestly have never personally met one. But you know how sometimes you're eating--say, crab, maybe--and then you have your plate set up perfect. Like the shells are on one side, part of a crab leg you're working on is in your hand, the other half of it is sitting on the plate. And so your happily working on that crab leg and then, swoop! Someone comes and takes that plate away. The plate with the crab leg you were working on. So with your mouth partly full of crab,your hands covered in crab juice, you yell after the guy, "wait! I'm not done with that plate!" And you spit bits of crab out as you're yelling after him, because it shocked you, and rather than choke, your body decides out is the best place the food in your mouth should go. And then there's the awkward dance of, he brings it back to let you take what you weren't done with, but things have moved, so the piece you were working on has now been covered by empty shells, and you're digging through the shells with your hands like an animal, with him 2 feet away from you holding your plate in the air. At a fancy Chinese restaurant.Some variation of this has happened to me a lot. And I hate it. I hate it with a passion. Like, ffs, I'm a civilized human being, I know how to organize my plate, and if I need another plate, I'll ask. But whatever, it's a thing, and I understand why Pinch does it, but I hate it.OTHER than those two things, I really like it here. The decor is cool, the music is soooooo good (nostalgic 90s-00s), and the food is SoCal Chinese food good (meaning, all the flavors were there). We tried almost everything off the menu, but things worth coming back and ordering here to me are: Chicken XLB (soup dumplings), eggplant in garlic sauce, dong po pork belly. Other things people raved at my table, that I was alright with: cumin ribs, three cup chicken, wind sand chicken, ma po tofu. I enjoyed the seafood fried rice more than the steak fried rice because the seafood one has more flavor, since they cook the seafood in with the rice. The steak fried rice has no steak flavor other than the steaks on top, but it actually works great with the ma po tofu. The dan dan noodles were good, noodles were Q, but size to price to quality ratio would not lead me to order it again.I'd come again for the right reasons: if family visited, or with a friend or two for a special occasion. I can definitely see this place as a good first (or at least early) date. I probably won't do a giant group again because ordering and costs can clearly get out of control really quickly.But I do appreciate them so, so much for existing. It is an expensive oasis resort in the desert that is NYC Chinese food.
Deceptively amazing... decor is a little meh, but when the food arrives, its great. One star off as its too pricey... but worth it every once in a while. Try the special chicken.
I'm so happy that we have a proper soup dumpling restaurant in New York!!! The food is amazing! Every dish I had was excellent and the service was impeccable! I'm definitely coming back again and possibility as a regular! I love this restaurant!
I was really excited when I saw an article about this place and it mentioned that the chef here used to be an executive chef at Din Tai Fung. Unfortunately, it did not live up to expectations. THE WAIT:The hostess told us it would be an hour wait max for two people. It turned out to be around an hour fifteen. Fine, whatever, this is NYC so waiting in line for food comes with the territory. Will I wait for it again, though? Hell no.THE FOOD:Soup dumpling - An order comes with six small dumplings. Thumbs up for taste. Thumbs down for price. Skin is thin, soup is flavorful, but $10 for six small dumplings? Definitely overpriced. Spicy wontons - This is the one dish that really sets Din Tai Fung apart for me. A lot of places have good soup dumplings, but the spicy wontons there are amazing so I was really, really hoping it would be similar at Pinch. Unfortunately, it wasn't. It was not bad, but nothing special. The search for amazing spicy wontons continues.Cumin ribs - very tender. taste was decent.Dan dan noodles - eh, it was ok. The noodles were too soft and sticky. Flavor was okay but nothing special.Sichuan fish stew - The fish was tender, but very little flavor. Only three pieces of fish for $23. Overpriced and super plain.Three cup chicken - we both enjoyed this dish. no complaints here.Our bill came out to be $120, before tax and tip, for two people and we did not order any drinks. I'm not one of those people who thinks Chinese food has to be cheap, but if it's going to be expensive, it has to be worth it. It was NOT worth it. There was nothing here that especially wowed me (except for the prices). If I can find the same food for half the price a 20 minute walk away in Chinatown, I'm going to Chinatown.
It's been a long time since I was so disappointed in a restaurant. I came with a party of 4 for a friend's birthday dinner, and the following happened: 5:25: Called to check if there was a wait. The hostess said we could be seated right away.5:40: We arrived and were told that the wait would be up to 1 hr 40 min, but probably shorter. We were suspicious after the earlier quote, but put our names down and went to Dominique Ansel for awhile.6:20: Came back to check in. Were told there were two tables in front of us that would be leaving soon.8:40: We finally get seated. Yep, it took three hours for us to get seated. After asking the hostess for updates and being repeatedly told that we were next, we found out that the owner had been seating his friends who had just walked in. I understand that it's the opening and the owner wants to welcome his friends, but it was pretty upsetting to be lied to multiple times. The restaurant is also terrible at turning tables over; there were multiple tables that were squatting there for hours while people waited.On the bright side, the food came out quickly and, as someone who grew up eating Chinese food, was very well-done. The soup dumplings were very close to DTF style - small, thin-skinned, and tasty, clean soup. The dongpo pork was also incredibly melt-in-your-mouth, and the cumin ribs were similarly tender and well-spiced. The mushroom dumplings, dan dan mian, and cabbage with bacon were pretty decent too, but they'd already run out of the wind-sand chicken by the time we got seated (no surprise there). The owner also gave my friend a free birthday drink and some riesling for the rest of us as a "sorry you had to wait so long" consolation prize, which was nice. However, the prices were really high for the incredibly tiny portions.I would not come back to this restaurant unless someone else is waiting in line and paying. It's simply not worth getting shafted by the staff just for the opportunity to empty your wallet for such tiny portions of food.
Nice scotch cocktail. I only had the mushroom truffle dumpling . I was waiting on a friend ,I would have explored more .Fyi they haven't started to go so must dine in.
You walk in to a trendy, cozy space that gives an intimate vibe without an over-crowded on-top-of-you feeling.Staff was friendly and efficient.  Made suggestions on the menu and a constant, rotating number of people were resetting the table, clearing dishes, refilling waters, etc.In terms of food, these were our picks, starting with our faves:1) Pork soup dumplings (absolutely delish with a few drops of soy and/or vinegar)2) Cumin Ribs (perfectly seasoned)3) Spicy Wontons4) Dan Dan Noodle5) Dong Po Pork Belly (order with a side of rice!)6) Vegetable DumplingsWe also tried sides of Taiwanese cabbage & pork as well as seasonal greens -- both perfectly al dente with a great crunch.I should mention that even though the food list is in descending order starting with our favorites, every bite of every dish was gobbled up immediately.  We were happy with every choice.We particularly enjoyed that dishes were brought out in stages: as soon as we finished one, it was cleared, new table setting placed, and our next item arrived immediately yet somehow without feeling rushed.  Fun to feel like we were having a legitimate dining experience rather than simply filling up and turning the table.The whole place was sparklingly clean including the bathrooms.Five stars.  Very much enjoyed.
Randomly walked in for afternoon cocktails and dumplings, and was pleasantly surprised! Great happy hour deals for beer and wine, as well as a variety of dumplings for $1 each. Our favorite order was the spicy wontons and the cumin ribs. Great flavors, and perfect for sharing. The soup dumplings were nice, but of course not the same rich quality as Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown. Still, the place is very affordable for SoHo, has a lovely are to sit, relax with a drink, and people-watch in the afternoon!
This place is amazing. We started with the spicy wontons then pork soup dumplings- on to Buddha's delight to finish with the dan dan noodles. Everything was amazing. This place is new - the atmosphere is awesome . This is my new spot in Soho.
Food is delicious, very small portions and not a very large menu.  Went with a group of 6 ordered at least 2 orders of everything on the menu (including 2 different noodle dishes and the steak fried rice) and some of our guests were still hungry when we left.  Service was friendly, the space is trendy with a cool vibe.  It's also nice to have this quality Chinese food in Soho.
best soup dumplings in town. looks really similar from Din Tai Fong in Taipei. slightly expensive but really miles away from anything you can find in chinatown or flushing.the eggplants are amazing too.
Literally every single dish we had was fantastic! After sampling the veggie dumplings and chicken dumplings, I thought things couldn't get better. And then they did! The eggplant was possibly one of the best things I've ever eaten and the three cup chicken was lick-the-bowl good! Not like any other Chinese food I've had. Everything had so much flavor and was perfectly cooked. Waitstaff was friendly and attentive, despite a busy Sunday night crowd. The atmosphere was warm and cozy, and I loved being able to see the dumplings being made in the kitchen! Music and ambiance added to the five star food make this a must-go choice. Would highly recommend to anyone!
It's really rare to find Chinese food that feels at once authentic, flavorful, and healthy, but Pinch Chinese pulls it off. The pork soup dumplings are perfect: they're beautiful, delicious, and manage to have wrappers that aren't too thick but don't fall apart, either. I also ordered the five colored vegetables which are lightly but excellently seasoned, and I'm tempted to describe the mixed mushrooms as just "perfect." The wine list is also serious. My fiancee and I ordered two of the contact wines and we wouldn't leave until we got a look at the bottles, very special stuff.I'll be coming back and highly recommend Pinch.
pinch of salt, pinch of pepper and a pinch on ur ass. the beef soup was splendid by the way, clear, elegant broth, beautiful presentation
Came here last night for dinner after walking around the neighborhood looking for something tasty. Decided on this spot after we spotted the soup dumplings on their menu (always down for some good xiao long bao). The space is sleek and much more upscale then your typical Chinese restaurant (cocktails around $14). We ordered the pork/seafood dumplings, kungpao shrimp, dan dan noodles and sichuan string beans (ended up also ordering the pork belly because we were still hungry at the end). The food came out pretty quickly, with the shrimp and dumplings served first. The waiter opened the lid to the dumpling basket and I immediately thought SMALL. My boyfriend pointed out that they are listed as bite-size appetizer dumplings on the menu but...why. The size of the dumpling keeps it from being able to hold much soup, which was disappointing, and the pork/seafood filling wasn't very seafoody. They were definitely tasty, but not as good as a full-sized dumpling dripping with soup and craby-goodness (now knowing the chef is from Din Tai Feng, I'm disappointed with what I got). This place is also pricier so I felt a bit ripped off paying more for less. The dan dan noodles came next and were a pleasant surprise. The noodles were deliciously chewy and much spicier than you'd expect. They accidentally gave us the Buddha Bowl instead of the Sichuan string beans and were quick to fix the issue, comping the bowl while we waited for the correct dish. The way they prepare vegetables here is fantastic, sauteed but not overwhelmed with grease and cooked in a way to keep a nice crunch. The pork belly came last because, like I said, we were still hungry after all that.The portions are definitely on the smaller side. The pork was soft and tasty, but not particularly special. Overall liked this place but still unsure if I would come back. The space is nice, the food is decent, but there are better Chinese restaurants for cheaper and with bigger portions. Perhaps this place is better for drinks and snacks more than full on meals.
Pinch certainly has some good dishes, but I was really surprised by the high price of the check when it came. LOVED the spicy string beans, they were to die for. Really enjoyed the snow crab and glass noodle dish. Not so keen on the eggplant side dish--way too sweet and slimy. Also was not crazy about the tiger shrimp. I want to come back to try the dan dan noodles and the dumplings, since those seem to be the signature dishes. I will give Pinch another try!
I ate here last night with two friends. Overall, I thought the food was okay, but definitely not worth it for the portion size and price. We ordered the mushroom dumplings, cumin ribs, dan dan noodles, special veg, and wind sand chicken, and each had two drinks (they have a good drink selection, although not cheap) - we ended up paying over $200. The staff asked us to vacate our table after a while. I didn't mind because we had been sitting there with our drinks for a while and understood, but my one friend still hadn't finished her drink and I think this is poor practice in general. FYI: Pinch does not have any happy hour specials. My friends and I asked b/c we saw another review on Yelp noting happy hour specials, but when we asked the staff they said no and that no happy hour specials are offered in the area (which I don't believe is the case, although I could be mistaken). Below are my thoughts on the dishes we ordered.Mushroom dumplings: We ordered these based on other Yelp reviews, but I personally did not think they were anything special (you could barely taste the truffle) and wish we had ordered one of the soup or other dumplings. Cumin ribs: Really good. The meat was crispy and tender and the seasoning was perfect.Dan dan noodles: Really good. Noodles were great as was the sauce. I thought the sauce to noodle ratio was fine. I'm glad we ordered them, but as other reviewers have noted, the portion size is very small. I wanted to order another one!Special veg: I always love snow pea shoots (or leaves?), so these were good but nothing special. Again, the portion size was small - they came in a rice bowl rather than on a plate.Wind sand chicken: Very tender and good, but too salty. The chicken itself looks small when it comes out, but it is definitely filling. I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I would order it again and especially for the price.I'm glad I went, but likely will not go back or recommend to others to go given other options in the city.
Outstanding on all fronts. Ambience is modern, clean and not overdone. Service was the best we've had in a very long time. Attentive, friendly, and helpful. The cocktails were perfectly balanced and the food was classic and simple but incredibly flavorful. Delicious soup dumplings, snow crab with noodles, Ma po tofu and fish dumplings were exceptional. We will be returning soon. Thank you for a delicious dinner and lovely experience!
The real XiaoLongBao in New York, though expensive. But if you wanna try real Shanghai XiaoLongBao, then go for it.
Soho doesn't usually have a good Chinese restaurant and we were very excited to try this new place. For rainy Saturday, place wasn't busy. Atmosphere was nice. Clean modern vibe Chinese.  And food was actually great. BUT the waiter and service was so disappointing. We ordered 4 dishes and got first dish (pork soup dumpling) which was so tasty. Reminded me of Din Tai Fung soup dumpling. And I asked waiter for a small spoon to put vinegar into my dumpling and the waiter says, 'We don't have small spoon, just pour the vinegar from the dish'. without even checking. That was that. But then, it stopped. No more food was coming out. We waited over another 15 min and still nothing. So we asked the waiter and he said he'll check with kitchen but then he never came back to us. I found him chatting up these 2 girls at the bar. Then I started to looking at the kitchen area, hoping someone will help us. Bunch of people including other waiters (not the one who said who will check on our food) were looking at us all confused. I asked another waiter again, to check on our food. He came out and asking what did you guys order? I told him what we ordered and he wasn't even sure what food we ordered, what we got so far and what we didn't get. I told him, we didn't get anything except 1 soup dumpling. He finally can back out with rest of our order. And gave us compliment dish as well. Again, food was great. I would totally go back except the rude and unattended waiter. He's demanding the reputation of this place. Funny thing, while I was wetting this, I spoke to one of my friend who works in soho, he said the exact same thing. 'I tried this place 3 days ago, food was great but that waiter was so rude'
This place is awesome. Not the cheapest, but the quality is high. Dumplings are obviously great, with a very thin skin that is surprisingly strong. The vegetables are fantastic. Ma Po Tofu was solid, Dan Dan noodles were good if a little heavier than I like.
I never even got to try this place, because the hostess tricked me into waiting by telling me "I will be right back with your quote" and after I asked her multiple times how long the wait was she never actually came back with a "quote" of the time, so after 30 minutes I left and she never even apologized but said "have a great night". I think before even focusing on the food this place should focus on the staff they hire, so at least people get to try it!
I ate dinner here on 06/16. I normally don't write reviews, but because it was so bad, I had to write.The food was ok, not amazing. It may be a bit more sophisticated than Chinatown Chinese food. That's all. We had a reservation, but when they tried to seat us they told us that they want the table back in 1 hour and 15 minutes. I told the hostess that we were not walk-ins and had a reservation and need to talk to the manager. She said "sure" and the manager came out. Both of them had very defiant attitude and were willing to kick us out. The manager was saying that it is written on Resy when I booked it. I never read it and don't think many people really read what it says. All we want is book a table. I've lived in Manhattan for 30 years and eat out all the time. I've NEVER heard that you have to leave a restaurant in an hour when you have a reservation. First of all, who can finish a meal at a restaurant in an hour with a friend. If you are eating alone, maybe. Second of all, their attitude was VERY bad. You can have any rule you want for your restaurant, but you can't have defiant attitude about it. We are the customers and no matter what, your restaurant won't exist without us.As they told us to get out in 1 hour and 15 minutes, I checked the timing. We sat down at 6:08pm.  They brought us the menu 6:10pm and started asking if we were ready to order in 2 minutes. They came again in 2 minutes. When we were really ready to order 2 minutes after that, nobody came for almost 10 minutes. Then the first food came at 6:35pm. The second food didn't come till 6:58pm. We ate normally, not very slowly, but still were eating at 7:25pm.  At this point, we heard our next table were being asked to leave as they finished the food. So, although we still wanted to eat more, just left. It was not worth eating more at this restaurant.What's the point of going to a restaurant where you can't take time to eat? We are paying for the meal. Now, if you go to Resy, it says we only have 1 hour for parties of 2. This is not McDonald's. We don't need to go this place to eat overpriced mediocre Chinese. And you should rethink your attitude. I wish I could give you no star.
We had a reservation for 2 people.  We arrived on time and the hostess told us we could have the table for 1 hr and 15 min.  I have never been to a restaurant where I was told I had to vacate my table in a certain amount of time when I had a reservation.  The restaurant wasn't that busy even for a Fri night.  The menu was very limited and portions were small.  I tried it because of the dumplings.  They were good, but I've had better.  I will go back to The Bao for better food and value.  I think Pinch was over-rated.
I'm coming back. This place makes the yummiest xiao loung bao!  I traveled all over Asian and this place is the best. The skin of the bao is tender and thin. Has almost a chewy. The filling is flavorful and the juices are flowing. Also got a side of veggies and it was so fresh. Small portion but cooked perfectly. Not too greasy and not over cooked. Green and fresh. The only complain would be the spicy wontons. They were not spicy! And the filling lacked texture. Was very mushy. I like to have a more of a chunky texture in my wontons.
Good upgraded XLB place. A little expensive, but good food. The fatty pork was really good.
Probably the most incompetent hostess in all of NYC. Couldn't figure out how long the wait was if her life depended on it. A one hour wait turned into a 2 hour wait and the excuse was they seating friends of the owner.Also - she thought it made sense to seat people that just walked in rather then get me and my group of 5 who had been patiently waiting for over an hour. When we asked her what the deal was, she laughed. This place won't last unless they fire that awful hostess. Wish I got her name. Womp womp. I'd rather eat dirt then deal with that lame excuse for a hostess.
Stopped in for a late/light lunch since I had dinner plans not too long after. Overpriced for what you get (2 pieces of shredded chicken in my tiny $15 bowl of scallion chicken cold noodle). Since it was late in the day before they close for lunch, the staff didn't even bother being attentive - took my order, didn't care to take away the menu, and took me 10 min to flag one of them down to get the check. Felt like I was inconveniencing them by giving them business, especially since they were more interested in chatting away with other customers at the bar. No need to explain further why I'll not be returning. Only reason I gave even one star is for the atmosphere and the nice host up front. And of course, that's the default setting by yelp. Overall, total BS experience.
Delicious Chinese food with impressive touches. I love their Dan Dan noodles and mapo tofu, mildly hot and with the right amount of tingling spice. My friends liked the pork soup dumplings they got too. The ambiance is very nice and the staff is friendly too.
Just came back from Taiwan and still dreaming about the Xiao Long Bo from DTF，heard about this place that is opened by the executive chef from DTF, I just have to come and try.Party of 3 and we ordered 7 dishes, which had a good sampling of the dishes on the menu. Though the pork dumpling and the mushrooms dumplings are better than the other dumplings such as Joe's Shanghai, they fall short of the ones from DTF. What separate them from the par is the skin of the dumplings which is lot thinner and refined. However, the dumpling is rather small and the meat inside did not have much of sweetness like the flavor exploded in your mouth. Rather, lacks distinctiveness in flavor. Other dishes we tried such as 3 cups chicken and porkbelly, Dan Dan noodles and the cumin ribs are nice but lacks wow factor. Plus, portion is rather small for the price as a matter of fact. Our bill  for the table without any drink came at $119 before tips so NY is expensive when comes to dinning.  I must say I am a bit disappointed.
I come here probably once a week or every other week. The service is always amazing. The pork soup dumplings are insanely good as well as the steak fried rice. The food comes out super quick every time. The wait staff is always very friendly and kind. I'm so happy I found this place one day after shopping in soho. I definitely recommend and will continue eating here!
This place is the real deal.  The food is excellent, XLB is the best in the area!  And the cumin ribs, wow!  I just wish the portions were just a little bigger, but I would come back again and again.
Everything here was delicious. I had the chicken soup dumplings, which were scrumptious, and then the dan dan noodles, which were perfect.
Food decent.  Service needs substantial polishing unless they want to be classified as a Chinatown dive.
Overpriced af.Everything is fine but not worth the price at all. If you want dumplings just go to Chinatown or or some for delivery--they will be as good and less than half the price.This place took normal dumplings, reduced the size of them by 30%, then paradoxically increased the price by 250%. I guess that's New York for you.
The portions are tiny so everything ends up being expensive at the end. For example, you get 6 soup dumplings per order but they are the smallest xlb that I've ever seen. That being said, the food was decent. Food alone would be about 3.5 stars. 0.5 star taken away for laughable portion sizes. Don't get the fish dumplings. Somehow very fatty. Tastes like pork fat.The service was all very awkward though. From the girl at the hostess who laughed at me when I asked if I could put my name down and then telling me I was late...when there was no reservation to the over eager table servers.
As a fan of the original Din Tai Fung from Taipei, the soup dumplings have this rich pork soup with thin skin,... it's fantastic. The Three Cups Chicken is like what it should be, in Taipei. The Dong Po Pork Belly is what perfectly braised pork belly should be. Will definitely be back to try the Sand Chicken.
Pork soup dumplings were the closest Ive seen and tasted to Ding Tai Feng in the US.  Braised pork rice was good but i would have preferred a traditional Taiwanese tea egg and not runny.  The string beans were better than what you would get at most Chinese restaurants in NYC but noy outstanding.
Portion sizes at pinch are small. For two people, we ordered soup dumplings and three other dishes.  In a typicalChinese restaurant I would expect to have more than enough food. We left Pinch hungry after spending $75.   I was hoping for something similar to DTF but not even close.
So...it's a Soho, off the beaten path kind of luck restaurant, but isn't that the best of life...the unexpected. The bartender said you are special and made me a special drink, food is a dining extravaganza, and tonight's company couldn't be better. Go to Pinch and ask for Jesus! You won't be disappointed!!!!
OMG. It's like Ding Tai Fung came to NYC.  (I still don't know why DTF have not open a location here.) The Executive Chef here used to be at DTF.  That's all I need to say.  This is now my go to place for Xiao Long Bao.
Din Tai Fung quality with a cool NYC vibe. Can't get enough. We've gone back at least 8 times in the first few weeks of opening.
Worse dining experience of my life. Food took over 60 min to come out. Why is everyone raving about the soup dumplings? They are ok. Not great. I have had much better. We ordered the whole chicken and it was totally gross. Nasty!!! We sent it back and we asked for something else but they said the kitchen was closed. Service was terrible as well. What a dump!! Also for wines by the glass they only 5 different types of merlot. And we hate merlot.
I heard that the chef here is a former executive chef at Din Tai Fung and I HAD to try the soup dumplings. We ordered the pork soup dumplings, chicken soup dumplings, wontons, and the dan dan noodles. The pork soup dumplings were everything I dreamed of. They were small (so easy to fit in your mouth and you don't have to worry about the soup squirting everywhere) and packed with flavor. The chicken soup dumplings, however, were disappointing. It lacked flavor and was nothing special. I wouldn't get this again. The wontons were delicious and the exact right amount of spice. But the dan dan noodles in my opinion were a little too spicy- still yummy though!I loved the design of the restaurant and how its super clean (so different from typical Chinese restaurants in Chinatown). The prices are a little high for the quantity they give you, but for the quality of food you are getting and the fact that their chef is so accomplished it makes sense. Beware though: the quantities are really small!
Best xiao long bao (soup dumplings) in the city by far, pretty much exactly the same as at Din Tai Fung.The fish dumplings are surprisingly excellent as well -- don't miss out on those.Dan Dan Noodles and Cumin Ribs were great too.Overall excellent food from different parts of Chinese cuisine. Will definitely be back!
Simply delicious! We stumbled upon this place by accident and we could not have been more pleased. The restaurant has been open for a week, the staff is super friendly, and the food... well it tastes almost like in China! The Dim Sum is perfect and the ambiance very laid back.
Good authentic Chinese food. Portions were a little on the smaller side but the flavors were all there. My husband is vegetarian so we ordered the mushroom , vegetable dumplings, side of greens, eggplant, Dan dan noodles and mapo tofu. The waiter was very accommodating and put the meat on the side for the tofu and noodles so I could still eat the meat and my husband could eat the dishes too. The mushroom and vegetarian dumplings were both delicious! It's the only place in the area with authentic Chinese food. I will definitely go back when I have a dumpling craving
5 star food, 1 star service... averages out to 3, because bad service shouldn't go unnoticed.Food is excellent:- Soup dumplings are flavorful, and bite-sized. So, worse value but easier to eat. Loved the seafood & crab most. 6 one-bite dumplings to an order.- Ribs are delicious, not spicy, perfectly done. 3 to an order.- Crab noodles were good, but not exceptional. Salty.- Fried rice was delicious, but could have been skipped, nothing unusual- Pork belly was delicious, but small. Three cubes of melt in your mouth pork belly, three small pieces of tofu, three small half pieces of baby bok choy.Service was inconsistent:Front of house very friendly and nice.Servers inconsistent. Soon after we sat down, server asked us if we were ready with drinks. We were. He asked if we would like to order some food with the drinks, we said sure, why not start with the dumplings and ribs - we hadn't really had time t read the rest of the menu yet. And... we got scolded - apparently he needed the FULL order only. I get it, but then why not wait for us to read the menu when you've barely just handed it to us? After that, he was gone. We waited a good 10-15 minutes for him to come back for the food order.Inconsistencies continued. We asked for chili oil with the dumplings. In fact, we asked 4 times, 4 different people. I don't know why someone couldn't just have gone to the back and brought it. The dumplings were done before the chili oil ever came, because they take the lid off, and after waiting five minutes and 3 requests in, we decided we'd rather eat warm dumplings without the oil than cold dumplings with. Someone stopped by every 2 minutes to ask if we needed anything. But what we needed took forever despite that.My drink came with a cucumber stick in it despite no description of such. I asked if I had missed that, I was told no, it's not in the description. I can't have cucumber, so I sent it back. It came back, basically the same drink with the cucumber fished out, because I could still taste it. Bad form. The server had to have noticed I didn't drink any of it, because it sat there till the end, full glass. Never asked, because he already knew. Bad, bad form.
I love their Soup Dumplings! They were the best I have ever had in NYC. I thought everything was really great, haven't had real high-end Chinese since being in Hong Kong. I also loved the wontons! But if you go, you have to get the soup dumplings. The Wine was also great and I didn't think it would pair so great but the guy helping us was spot on!
This place is a hidden gem in SoHo. Went here today when shopping at SoHo, and enjoyed the food and service so much. I'll definitely come back!
The spicy wonton soup is so light and fluffy and the spices just hit the right balance. Made my day! I went on a quiet night and barely had to wait. I would recommend it.
Great experience at Pinch! We went for an early family dinner Sunday night and everyone was very accommodating to our hungry toddler who wolfed down a whole plate of fish dumplings! Veggie dishes were very authentic tasting and reminded me of my grandmothers dishes. Also a big fan of the Dan Dan noodles. Nice and garlicky! Will definitely return!! Great addition to the area
Food is delicious. But totally overpriced for the food quality. One of those fancy Chinese places for Americans...
Beautifully built medium sized restaurant on Prince Street with terrific servers and great Chinese food. Four of us spent two hours sharing 8 dishes and were delighted by the flavors and textures of what we had. Naturally, we had two orders of dumplings and could have made a meal working through the list but decided to try a few of the noodle dishes too. We will be back though we have to travel from the upper east side. EXCELLENT. Note on reservation policy, your whole party must be there for them to seat you and they only hold your reservation for 15 minutes. If you're going to be late, call as soon as possible. Given the size of the restaurant, eminently fair.
I was really excited when I read an article about a Din Tai Fung sibling coming into town... but I left quite disappointed. First off, I was quite surprised there was no line during prime time on a long weekend on Sunday night. Huh? New Yorkers always flock to the hottest new ticket in town. Well.. unfortunately I quickly realized why this place was not too hot. It simply didn't live up to expectations. The dumplings were okay- the downfall? Very overpriced at $10+ for 6 dumplings. Sure the dumpling skin was really thin, but it really just ended there. The skin dried out very quickly, unlike at Din Tai Fung. They were not crave-able enough to justify the inflated NYC prices. The steak fried rice flavor was pretty good, but the steak pieces were quite tough... for $16? Not worth it. The spicy wontons in chili oil were ridiculously priced at $11, we got 5-6 teeny tiny wontons. The dan dan noodles were bad, they were wet and soggy and the sauce was odd + bland / watered-down tasting. Some dishes surely had the 'looks' of a few Din Tai Fung dishes, but it really can't hold a candle to the original. The food wasn't bad, but not good for the prices. We left hungry after spending nearly $80 for two people. I would rather wait to have the real thing once I year when I fly back to Cali/Taiwan.
Great service! Great food! Great atmosphere! I'm a big foodie and Chinese is my favorite cuisine. I have been to most Asian places in NYC and this is by far my new favorite. So glad it's here!!
The soup dumplings tasted great; however, they were small (think a little bit bigger than a quarter), relatively expensive at $12 for six, and did not have a lot of "soup." I'd go to Chinatown for a bigger serving and cheaper price. If you're willing to spend a lot of money, or impress a date, I'd order the soup dumplings. The Pork Belly was excellent. It melted in your mouth like butter. The seasoning was not overpowering. A novice chef could easily recreate the dish at home, and for a cheaper price, though.
I have been needing a restaurant like Pinch to open in NYC. I am a HUGE soup dumplings fan and Pinch had the best soup dumplings I have tried by far. The dough is so light but not too delicate that it would fall apart, the chicken filling was surprisingly delicious, and the broth was packed with flavor. My server recommended that I try the cumin ribs which were UNREAL. The meat practically fell off the bone it was that tender, they looked as if they would be dry but they tasted soo juicy. There are good options for vegetarians as well, the marinated cucumbers were delicious as well as the mushroom dumplings and the Ma Pa Tofu! I can't wait to come again and test out the dishes I missed. My boyfriend is quite knowledgable with wine and was raving about their unexpectedly clever wine curation. The decor is also hella trendy, one wall was covered with magazine clippings with some of my favorite sneakers! Great atmosphere paired with an incredible menu made an A+ experience for me. I'll be back!
My wife and I are on vacation from Chicago where we have some of the best Chinese food in the world. Pinch is one of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever been to.  It's modern take on Chinese doesn't stray to far from its roots.  We had the eggplant which might be one of my all time favorite dishes.  The service was impeccable and the beer and cocktail lists were also amazing.  We met the owner, Sean Tang, who was extremely friendly and had a passion for what he was doing.  The restaurant has only been open for about 6 months, but they are definitely seasoned in their service, presentation and food.  Thanks for a great time!
I was so excited when I read about the Din Tai Fung connection- really hoped the dumplings here would live up to my memories of the Best Dumplings Anywhere.  Unfortunately, I'd come at lunch when you can only order the$18 prix fixe menu, which includes at most a side of 3 dumplings. So I had the chicken sandwich - it was quite good, but I wouldn't come back for it. And then the three dumplings, which were similar to DTF...but just not quite as good. If I could come here and get a whole bunch of them for DTF prices I would definitely do it, but not with the current deal....
Incredible little treasure in soho. The soup dumplings are out of this world! The ribs are so tender the meat just drops off the bone. Everything from the apps to the drinks to the service was fantastic. Highly recommend you try this new Soho gem.
Service was amazing. Mapo tofu, cumin ribs. Salivating just thinking about it. Cant wait to go back!!!
When we sat down, our waiter informed us, "I am out of rice. Our rice cooker broke." My boyfriend suggested to me that we go someplace else, but there were enough non-rice dishes that sounded good, so we stayed. The food was OK. The wontons were too garlicky, and the pea shoots tasted kind of oily. The Dan Dan noodles and the soup dumplings could have had more flavor. Then the table next to us ordered the fried rice and we looked longingly at their dish when it arrived. Apparently, the rice became available. It had seemed like the lack of rice was a long-term problem but it wasn't, so it was disappointing that we had to order in a small window when rice wasn't available. We weren't informed that rice was available and we weren't offered anything--a free drink, a comp side--for not being able to order from the full menu. I was kind of surprised when our bill arrived and everything we ordered was on there. The dishes weren't worth the prices and the service was just the bare minimum. It was pretty disappointing.
Chinese dining finally realizes its potential at Pinch - delicious, authentic and uncommon Chinese dishes combined with an equally impressive wine list. The dim sum options offer a perfect start - soup dumplings were full of flavor but restrained for a perfect bite size explosion. The steamed fish dumplings and mushroom dumplings unexpectedly tasty. Other favorites were the 3 Cup Chicken and Cumin Pork Ribs. The vegetable sides all equally well prepared and satisfying. In addition to pea shoots, the cabbage and bacon  was addictive and devoured. We hope to have the discipline to order the Wind Sand Chicken next time - but regrettably, our bellies were just not big enough! I recommend asking Miguel - the floor manager - for recommended wine pairings. Like all great dining experiences, the wine elevated the food and it was fun learning about new grapes and vineyards from an unpretentious but very enthusiastic expert! Great meal. Great evening. We will DEFINITELY be back.
