Love, love, love. So good, family run.Really, really cheap.I had chicken curry and rice... tender, fragrant and spicy.I ordered a side of naan...  all for $9.50.They also do a stellar take out business.A must try.
I was craving Indian food and Raj's came to mind. Located right at the Queens Borough stop, we decide to try this local joint. It's small but can fit around 3-4 parties or 10-15 people most. At around 7, all the buffet rack is closed but orders in back in the kitchen are available. The cashier was friendly and suggested my order with a side of bread or rice with my chicken korma. We ordered rice, chicken korma, and samosas. Everything was well made and delicious as I remembered it. The chicken korma was generously made with a lot more chicken than some other Indian restaurants and my vegetable samosas were on point. I enjoyed my meal. My only complaint is the prices are pretty up there for Indian food compared to other neighborhoods in Queens. That be said, this is LIC and people pay ridiculous prices here anyway.I'm not sure if there's restrooms. Accepts card.Bon appetite!
AMAZING flavor, generous portions, I initially gave this place 5 stars after the first time I ordered from here. Update I placed an order for delivery at 12:45 and its past 2:30 and my food STILL ISNT HERE after speaking to the restaurant TWICE - especially when I could have just walked there and back in less time - UNACCEPTABLE.Now I have to get my refund from delivery.com
Raj's Indian kitchen is an affordable and tasty option for lunch or dinner in the Long Island city area. They have options for take out and delivery. We picked up food on a weekend evening, and our food was ready 10 minutes after we finished the call. For the price we paid, we got a considerable amount of food that left us full for the later half of the next day. The chicken madras (medium spicy) was sweet with savory overtones. The spiciness in the dish wasn't overbearing by any means, adding a nice simmering heat to each bite. Our vegetable samosas were packed with herbal, savory flavor infused into the pea, potato, and onion mixture. Great place to pick up food if you're in Long Island City. Would recommend!
Only bought 2 samosas for lunch today. Soo good!! The samosas were crunchy and flavourful, however it would've been better if they heated it up. They were only warm when I received mine. Will definitely return for full on lunch next time! Staff were friendly and quick. Came with green chutney and red tamarind sauce.
This is probably one of my favorite Indian restaurants in NYC. The food is not fancy and but is very well prepared and remind of the Indian food I had growing up (in India). I've only ordered delivery and the delivery is always fast and prompt. PS: the spice level is on point!
Surprise! Who knew Raj's had so much to offer? No one in LIC, that's for sure. At one point in time, this area was devoid of any quality Indian. Instead of making the trek to nearby Astoria or Jackson Heights for an Indian fix, Raj's does a solid job of putting together Indian options any South Asian food lover could appreciate. I'm not going to put it above anything I've had in the Lil India neighborhoods around town, but this place is worthy of a visit for all in the area. Raj's is not big, it's more akin to a takeout spot than anything else. It is an ideal spot for solo dining or someone looking to grab food for the road. They have a really good selection of various combos ranging from $5.99-$8.99. The most simple combo includes either two vegetable curries or one chicken and one veggie option. As a self-proclaimed glutton, I'm all about that 5th combo for $8.99, which allows for two meat selections, two veggie options with naan and rice. The latter is the best takeout food option in this part of LIC, the dreaded Queens Plaza where mediocre options surround the station.In terms of the selection, it's usually whatever they have at the counter. Call ahead of time and get anything with korma (almond based curry) or vindaloo. Spice seekers may be a bit disappointed at the hotness levels, but rest assured everything else is pretty much on point. Speaking of on point, their service deserves mad kudos for keeping it together and putting together a bangup selection of daily items.Their vegetarian samosas are a hit. Packed to the brim with potatoes, mashed peas, and delicious spices, the exterior also provides a nice crunch with every bite. If there is anything I come to get often, it's the samosas on the go. (Makes for a killer snack on the run)If you're craving Indian and happen to be in LIC, look no further than Raj's. For takeout and delivery, they are a quality option.
Raj's Indian Kitchen might offer one of the best Indian lunch specials in Queens. Starting at around $7 and not exceeding $10, you can't beat it. Unless you sit down at a lunch buffet and stuff your face for $12 plus tax & tip. The advantage at Raj's is you can take your less than $10 container of food to go or take a seat inside. While the food isn't the best Indian food in Queens by any means, it is tasty and will satisfy that craving for sure. I grabbed Combo #5 which is any 2 meats, 1 vegetable, rice, and naan for $9.50 but others start around $7. The set up isn't anything special, you're coming here for good eats that are cheap not the ambiance. It's a cafeteria style glass case where you choose what you want, pay at the end, and either leave or dine inside. There was a chili fish dish the day I went that was actually really good. Better than the chicken curry which was a bit dry. The naan was also a tad spongy and felt like it'd been wrapped up in the tin foil too long with its own steam. Who knows but again, its not the best Indian food in Queens by any means but it's a tasty deal regardless that hits the spot for lunch and keeps you full. I got two meals out of mine.
*Samosa Only*Got off the train to go to my hotel, passed this place on the way there and the smell of authentic desi food hit me. Its a smell that comes when you know its legit. The next day came here for an order of veggie samosa (original, beef is overrated) and it was awesome! Definitely missed having easy access to small things like this unlike in Cali where you have to drive far to get desi snacks.
We stayed at a nearby hotel and wanted to grab a nice dinner on a Friday night. We checked Yelp and Raj's came well recommended, and folks were right. From the food to the service everything was fantastic. Our waitress was knowledgeable,attentive, and friendly. She told us about how they make their mango lassi, with a hint of rose water, and it was divine! From our appetizers to our entrees everything was flavorful and the portions generous. Definitely give this place a try!
Really good Indian food for a really fair price. Also really nice mango lassi! The chicken was good, also the cheese! You can decide between mild, medium or really spicy. If I would live in New York, I would definitely come again!
Don't judge a book by its cover...in this case, don't judge a restaurant by its storefront or the bells and whistles other restaurants have that this one might lack. This place was amazing! I've been to several "upscale" Indian restaurants here in NYC and this was is by far in the top three. We will definitely be back!!
Flew in late and didn't feel like going out. Ordered delivery to my hotel. Absolutely fantastic. I ordered channa masala, my go to and then asked what they recommended. I ended up with an amazing malai kofta curry. Delivery was fast. Food was absolutely delicious. I may make late flights and delivery from Raj's my new routine.
This place has the best chicken tikka masala! I've been to full service, double the price Indian restaurants and their chicken tikka Masala is not even that good. Their lunch special is great (very reasonable pricing) except sometimes depending on whose serving, the portions are not consistent. Don't forget to get the complimentary naan and dessert for lunch only. The dessert is a nice way to end the meal! I get cravings all the time from here. The saag is great too! Oh and for dinner it doesn't come with naan. It's not a complete Indian meal without naan so don't forget to order that!
I don't know Raj, but I'm diggin' his kitchen. Melody C. and I popped by after a Yelp Elite event. I know, I know. The irony of Yelping at a Yelp event to find somewhere to go. This place is very close to the Queensboro Bridge stop, so it is VERY conveniently located. The menu is standard fare, but the samosas were tasty (a bit spicy for me, but I'm a huge spice wimp) and I could appreciate the seasoning. The portions are standard from what you'd expect from any Indian restaurant, but at half the price. I forget what Mel ordered, but we split a samosa, each got a curry, rice, and two orders of garlic naan, and the order came out to approximately $36 with tax and tip included. Suuuper great deal. Service was great and attentive and the food came out quickly. Oh, and about the ambiance? Probably not the most romantic space ever, given that there's not a ton of decor and the dining tables were not that sexy, but at this price/quality, who cares? Will be back again when I'm in the area.
I don't know what happened on the day I came here, but I certainly hope it was a fluke. Not for my sake, but for the health of New Yorkers.I work so close to here and finally after seeing this place for a few years, I finally gave it a try last week. But, man it must have been a bad day.I was very excited to see that a lunch special could be as cheap as $6 (rice, naan and 2 veggies). I ordered the yellow rice, Vindaloo vegetables and saag paneer. The woman that helped me was very disinterested in helping me, and when I asked for aachar, she looked at me weird and then offered up some hot sauce. The right answer to tell me is, "no, we do not have pickled vegetables." Fail. Another gentleman then came out the kitchen and packed a folded up naan into my package to-go. When I opened up my lunch at my desk and dived into the Vindaloo vegetable, my first thought was, "weird, I have never tasted a Vindaloo like this." It was sour and something was off-putting about the dish. So to distract that thought, I then ate a few bites of the saag paneer, which tasted fine. I then came back to eating more of the Vindaloo, but this time, I could not eat a second bite because I realized that one of the vegetables in the dish had gone bad. I think it was the carrots, but couldn't be entirely sure. Needless to say, I didn't touch the Vindaloo anymore. I was torn about returning the meal and letting them know that they were serving spoiled food, but my schedule was entirely too busy for me to do that, so instead, I just trashed the Vindaloo. I really hope that a manager or owner (or DOH staff) reads this review and rectifies this issue. I would hate to hear of someone getting sick from the food. Shame on you Raj's for serving stale food...
Food is delicious and cheap. Quality of meat could be slightly better, but can you really complain when a dish is sold at 8 bucks?
This place delivers promptly and the food is always delicious. Be sure to order a mango lassi.
I've never had the opportunity to sit down here, but have had take-out a few times. Each time, it's been Chicken Tikka Masala for me. It used to come with a little side salad, but the last time no such luck. The food is tasty & I've had no problems with the service.
I ordered delivery for lunch and the food taste so fresh and tasty. The only draw back is the limit for the delivery amount.
