Walked in here, one open table available for my big ass fam of 8. Got seated right away which was weird considering that this place is so popular! But then I realized they have a shared seating policy where strangers will share tables with you, which reminds me a lot of how they do the same in China so it's cool. I feel like the entire time that random couple was jealous of our food cause we ordered a shit ton of dumplings.Anyways! I've always been a fan of dumplings, but I've never had dumplings with this DELISH of a soup inside. MAN, I didn't even have to use soy sauce to dip the dumpling because the soup was so freaking bomb. My dad ordered 2 more orders right after his first bite. it was awesome LOL.I can't remember much about the other dishes, not because it wasn't good, but because the dumplings were definitely the highlight. We got the famous crab and pork one. MUST TRY!
Really really really bad service. And this is why Chinese restaurants get a bad rep. You shouldn't yell at your customers. This "younger" server literally YELLED at us for asking about the status of our dumplings. When I say YELL, I mean't YELL. The "older" server handled the situation much better in a much more civil manner. We ordered crab dumplings and it took them close to 30 minutes to give us our order. Of course we're not happy. I understand most people ordered the pork dumplings so crab dumplings take longer. But the guys next to us who ordered the same time as us also ordered crab dumplings. They got theirs right away. Therefore, something must have gone wrong. Anyway, the food is good. But service is unacceptable. You shouldn't YELL at your customers and think it's okay because you're some famous Chinese restaurant in NY.
After hearing countless people rave about Joe's Shanghai, I knew I had to finally make the time to go on down to chinatown and wait for a table to try their dumplings. Came here on a friday night right at dinner time so I knew for sure there would be a wait. I was told 45 minutes, but it definitely did not take the full 45 minutes likely due to people ahead of us being tired of waiting so they leave. At one point, a hostess came out to check which numbers she gave out was still even here.When we were finally seated, our party of 2 was seated at a shared table with 2 other parties and I'm impressed that they have a great system of keeping track of who ordered what. Foodwise, the number one rule for the steamed dumplings, or as people call them soup dumplings, is that the soup MUST not break out of the wrap. In this area, I give Joe's dumplings a 7/8. Quite literally because 7 of the 8 dumplings in the order managed to stay in tact but one sadly broke. We also got their noodles and an entree of pork chops which were up to par as expected of shanghainese food.Overall, definitely recommend the food here and it was worth the 30 minute-ish wait.
We got here around 3:30 and there was already a wait.  You get a number from the hostess and you wait until she calls your number.  We waited about 20 mins.  Once seated you will be sitting at a table with other patrons. It's definitely a little awkward but after a while you don't even notice the people at the table because you're busy eating.We ordered the pork dumplings and crab dumplings. Both were just ok.  The soup seeped out of the dumplings and the skin was a little thick on some.We also ordered scallion pancakes which were very delish.
TRY THESE DUMPLINGS! The best soup dumplings I've ever had in my entire life. You have to try these. Seriously, stop in and get the soup dumplings. I liked the pork more than the crab, but that may be a personal preference in meat.Still dreaming about these dumplings.
I realize I may be Yelp crucified once the soup dumpling experts get ahold of this review...I've had better. They were good, but I've had better.....(luv u Nom Wah) Pork dumplings 8 for $9, good broth but a little more fatty than I would've liked. (Pork and the pork with crab combo are the only dumpling fillings available). My boyfriend had white fish in white wine sauce with fungi and a side of steamed white rice. (See pic) Simple but delicious. I really appreciate the ambiance here. Kinda feels like someone's dining room. Home-y, family style and you even sit with strangers if there aren't enough of you for a large table. My boyfriend and I sat with 4 men who were already well into their meal. To our surprise, not awkward. Everybody just rolls with it. Complimentary tea throughout your meal (loved it, next time I'll ask what kind it is) and orange slices at the end of your meal. It was pretty good. Not spectacular as it is painted but solid. Give them a try. I'll return for other stuff & report back! Oh! CASH ONLY
I'd heard about this place from a few people and saw the reviews on Yelp. People seemed to like it and I'm not sure if that played a role into my experience here but I felt that it was really overrated. I love soup dumplings. They're so flavorful and delicious. And the ones at Joe's were incredibly delicious! but based on what we ordered, that was the only thing I can recommend here. We also ordered a whole fish and beef and broccoli. Neither were that great and the beef and broccoli was mostly broccoli. I'd say it was about 3/4 broccoli, not even kidding. So from that standpoint, it was a rip off. On top of that, we had an hour wait for just the two of us at 8:30pm. I know you have to expect to wait here, and I did know that was going to happen, but I was hoping the food would have at least been worth it. If I find myself back here in the future, I know to only get the soup dumplings and then leave. That's what the table next to us did and I think they already knew that everything else on the menu just wasn't worth it.
This place deff lives up to the hype! Being born and raised in NY, you always hear of joe's shanghai but mainly bc it's a tourist trap. I was craving soup dumplings one day and wanted them right away so I decided to stop by.I came for dinner a little after 6:30 and got a seat. Shortly after that, there was a line out the door! The only downside of this place is you have to share tables with strangers, which is a common chinese thing. It wasn't "awkward" but I would've loved my own table.My boyfriend and I got the crab soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings, and a beef rice cake to share. The soup dumplings are pretty big compared to a standard soup dumpling. It also has A LOT of soup. These are also the best soup dumplings i've had. Deff worth the price, since they're huge and you get 8 instead of the standard 6. The beef rice cakes were okay, pretty good but not amazing.I would deff come back! I love these soup dumplings. Nan xiang in flushing was my top 1 but now joe's shanghai replaced that title!
If you love soup dumplings, you won't find a better place to get them. Absolutely DELICIOUS and soup-y each and every time. My boyfriend and I always get crab/pork soup dumplings, fried rice cake, and scallion pancakes. Everything else on the menu looks appetizing as well. Do not come here if you're looking for an intimate setting. You will almost never get a table to yourself if you're only a party of 2/3. I can almost guarantee that you'd be placed at a table with other guests. It COULD be awkward especially if you're joining a very large party. I would also not recommend coming here for dinner time if you want to be seated quickly. You will probably wait about 30 min...but it's well worth it!
It's famous. It was a unique dining experience being seated around strangers, sharing a table trying to avoid awkward glances.The place is so crowded, understandably so, as everyone is trying to get a taste. But I felt uncomfortable and under pressure while eating. At one point all the others on my table were waiting for food when my food arrived. I couldn't not eat since people were lined up outside for my spot, and it wasn't fun eating with people staring at you hungrily, possibly judging how I lacked chopstick skills. It sucked when I dropped 2 of my 6 hot buns. Talk about embarrassment. I am a vegetarian by choice so pork flavors didn't seduce me. And I was actually delighted to have dropped those buns. You see, I can't fairly judge the taste of their hot buns. I don't think I tasted anything spectacular though. What I can rate is the ambience, quality of service and my dining experience. And they were far from great. The 40 minute wait outside wasn't worth it.
We took a spontaneous trip to NY and stopped by on a whim. On a cold Saturday night around 6pm the wait was around 15 minutes to get inside. I would recommend grabbing a menu and figuring out your order prior to sitting down. It's traditional Chinese where small parties might end up sitting next to strangers. Our xiao long bao order took ~15 minutes to come out but we had to remind the waiter about our scallion pancakes order. I wish I could review the pork xiao long bao we ordered but they gave us 2 crab ones instead. You can really taste the crab and if you leave with a burnt tongue then you know you got it fresh!The service is fast so pro means that you'll always get your refills quick but con means right as you're picking up your last xiao long bao, someone's going to swiftly take your plate away and hand you the check. We also got charged a 15% service charge. Surprising to us (a party of 2) and kind of put a damper on the meal (especially when we were looking for something warm and cheap)
I've been to so many restaurants during my visit in NYC. And I must have to say that Joe's Shanghai was THE best - cheap yet extremely delicious!!The restaurant is tucked inside Chinatown, so it was quite difficult to find it. I enjoyed sight seeing the many things in Chinatown on the way to the restaurant though. I've heard so many good reviews about this restaurant; hence, I thought there was going to be a long wait. But my boyfriend and I literally got a table within few seconds after we arrived!As soon as we got seated, we were given hot tea (no extra charge!). We ordered xiao long bao (pork soup dumplings), braised beef noodle soup, and a scallion pancake for appetizers. I thought the scallion pancake was too oily. But oh my goodness - the soup dumplings are so freaking delicious! They're better than the ones from Din Tai Fung! If only I wasn't full, I would've ordered another dish of the soup dumplings. My boyfriend enjoyed the braised beef noddle soup as well. Meat were tender and juicy. The broth was perfectly made - not too salty.Restaurant seems pretty fast-paced and loud. But that was what made my experience better here. Seating is limited, so I would suggest you to visit here with only one person. Try to avoid coming in with a group here unless you don't mind waiting for a long time. When we got out of the restaurant, we noticed a long line for this restaurant. I guess we came pretty early (around 11am) and were lucky enough to get a table right away.All in all, Joe's Shanghai is definitely a must if you are in NYC. The thousands of Yelp reviews explain how popular this restaurant is. It deserves a 5 star!
Walked by and noticed there wasn't a huge line, so I made it a deal to visit again.Last time I came to Joes Shanghai, I wasnt too crazy about the place itself- since the service was ok and I was being seated with complete strangers which got pretty awkward. However, the pork soup dumpings made it all worth it.This time around it wasnt as busy, so the service was better as expected. I was just with my boyfriend, so I had to sit with random people again. I guess since I knew what I was expecting, it wasnt awkward at all. The other couple at the table were actually visiting from California and didnt know what to order, and I found myself babbling about how great the place is to convince them to get the soup dumplings.After not much convincing (literally like 5 seconds later) the other couple also ordered soup dumplings. And we all sat and raved how great they were as we were eating them hahahSeriously the best soup dumplings ever though.
Forever gonna love this place. Best restaurant in Chinatown from my opinion but ALWAYS expect to wait. I went on Sunday around 3 and they told me we will wait 30 minutes minimum, and we waited about 15! Great! Food always comes quite fast and the servers are meh, but alas, incredible food. Highly recommend the soup pork or crab dumplings, Shanghai noodles, the noodles with curry, and the Chef's Special crispy beef (amaazzzzingggggg). Always lovin this place
Even in 40 degree weather, there were at least 20 people waiting. It took approximately 15 minutes to get a small table for two, and seating felt a bit cramped. I came with high hopes to try their soup dumplings (which is what Joe's Shanghai is pretty much known for). Not to say that it wasn't good, I'm just not sure that it matched up with all the popularity. Before we finished our food, the waiter dropped off the check with 15% tip and tax already included. Overall, food was decent but don't expect to stay there for too long.
I've got to say, for a place that is severely hyped, it doesn't live up to it, and I've been here twice to confirm that. However, it's still a good experience.The first time, we waited outside like a bunch of tourists. They got us seated in less time than I thought we would so that's a big plus - I think we might have waited for 20 minutes instead of 30 on a Friday evening. The second time we walked in at off-peak hours on a Sunday late afternoon.The place can be so packed that you might be seated at a big table with several parties -- just go with it, and it makes up for a fun and interesting dining experience. The first time we ended up with some obnoxious dude who thought he knew a lot about Shanghai food and kept imparting his "knowledge" on his family. It was a trip but also kind of amusing.The soup dumplings which we had heard many great things about, were, disappointingly, just okay. Certainly not the best I've ever had. Got a bunch of appetizers that were pretty good, especially some beef slices and the second time, some amazing lettuce wraps. I got a duck dish my first time which was pretty good, and the second time, a trio of us got a whole chicken which by the way, was awesome and highly recommend.So all in all, the food is authentic and good, as is the dining experience, but compared to the hype, it falls short is all I'm saying. But still searching for the best soup dumplings in NYC because I don't think this is it.
I will start by saying I do not think this place was worth the wait AT ALL. We waited approximately 45 minutes to go in.LAYOUTLike most places in chinatown this place is extremely packed and all the tables are close together. They have a "family style" seating arrangement. Expect to sit with others if you have a party of less than 9. PAYMENTCash only which sucks but, thats most of Chinatown.SERVICEBecause they are so busy they rush you out which I'm not a fan of. It takes the waiter a while to come back around but they are relatively attentive. FOODThe food is pretty good. Nothing crazy or out of this world but its definitely fresh. What i like the most is the fact that you can order things that are not on the menu. I wanted chicken and broccoli and for some reason it wasn't on the menu, but they made it anyway. They also have gluten free choices including noodles which was helpful since my baby cousin is allergic to gluten. Overall, I would recommend if there was no line
Located in an alley surrounded by tons of barbershops, this place consistently has a line out the door.  I went to this location for the first time (there's one on 56th and another in Flushing, too!) with a few of my friends visiting on a Friday night around 10:30PM.  My group of 5 was seated in about 15 minutes.  The place uses its space very efficiently, and the servers definitely work to get as many customers in and out the door as they can.  We shared a large round table in the back with another group of 5.  The pork soup dumplings here are an ABSOLUTE STEAL.  You get 8 gigantic dumplings for $6.25.  And they are, without a doubt, the best I've ever had.  No other soup dumplings, whether from a dim sum place or a Din Tai Fung (which is exclusively on the West Coast in the US) compares.  The dumplings are loaded with this piping hot, delicious broth.  We ended up getting 4 orders of these.  I'm also a huge fan of their Young Chow (Yangzhou) fried rice, and we also got a fried noodle dish with mixed vegetables (forgot what it was called).  Needless to say, we were absolutely stuffed.Even with how packed it was when we went, the service was still great.  We got our food a lot faster than we expected.  After we were done eating, they gave us orange slices as well.I would say going to either location is fine, but I personally liked this one more.  It just depends on what you prefer -- the one on 56th is a lot nicer and is much more spacious, but I believe the prices are also higher.  For me, I'm going primarily for the food, and 8 of these amazing soup dumplings for a paltry $6.25 is something I can't refuse.
I saw this restaurant and I had to bookmark it for my NYC trip. It would give me the opportunity to walk around Chinatown and have the chance to try their XLB. I love XLB, especially places that offer exceptional XLB. All the reviews and pictures here highlight how legit it is so I had to come. Due to our itinerary and tons of bookmarks, I didn't think we could eat here. Just by chance when we met up with an old friend of mine that lives in NYC, she took us here after checking out some other places. It was meant to be. Just a heads up that this restaurant is cash only. Hit up that ATM before dining here. She showed us around Chinatown and gave us tourist facts about some popular places there. Upon arrival, we saw people standing outside the restaurant. A wait was expected and she did tell us this place is popular. Not sure what she did but we didn't have to wait very long. She told us it'll take 15 minutes but only 1 minute passed and they seated us. That was awesome! We did have to share a table with other people but we didn't mind. Obviously we ordered their XLB (Crab Meat w/Pork Meat and Pork Meat XLB). They were both delicious but I loved the Crab Meat w/Pork Meat XLB. Must try restaurant and make sure to order their XLB.
It's been a while since I've dined here, but thing I do not understand is why this place is a "must-go-to" on city travel guides and food shows. This place isn't bad in terms of their food, but it's extremely overrated. I mean, there's always a crowded of customers waiting outside the restaurant. Any local would be sane enough not to eat here. There are places such as Shanghai Asian Manor and Shanghai Asian Cuisine located in Chinatown that offer just as good or even far better xiao long baos without the long wait. The service here is typically what you'd expect from any restaurant in Chinatown. You tell the servers what you'd like and they bring it to you. Then you'd never see them again until it time to pay. Aside from the famous soup dumplings offered here, Joe's Shanghai also offers more "traditional" dishes such as wood ear, different types of Shanghai noodle dishes and appetizers/ small eats including scallion pancakes. Overall, I've only been to this place once and I'd never go back again. The hype sure is real here.
It's no hype, their Xiao Long Bao are the best! I was a little confused though because their menu says bun but I'm sure they're dumplings. Any who, they are so amazing that don't be surprised if you end up ordering more. It can get a little messy eating those juicy dumplings that my waiter had to change my plate twice. The pork seems to be their most popular one but I really enjoyed their crab with pork meat more. Maybe because I just love seafood.The Shanghai Pan Fried Noodles were also delicious and not too heavy with the soy sauce. I just love how thick their noodles are too. The sliced braised beef was good too, but I just felt it was a bit too oily for my personal taste, but my friends enjoyed it and found it very crispy.As for the restaurant, expect a long wait time. It can get loud and busy, but hey it's an Asian restaurant. Will sure be coming back here again when I'm in town.
The wait takes forever. We waited for over an hour and the only reason we stayed was we waited for that long already so might as well stay. I'll go back and rate the food but they starved us.
We were told by one of our friends that this was a very touristy place that there were xiao long bao's better elsewhere... Regardless, we went anyways just to see if it lived up to the hype. The restaurant inside was very authentic, there were full tables of different parties eating together and busy workers running about. My visit here was a while ago so I can't remember every detail about my visit here. I only remember how I was mildly disappointed in the hype. We ordered 1 crab and 1 pork xiao long bao. None of them amazed me. It was just okay? The skin of the little baos constantly broke. A few of them in our baskets were already broken when we got them. I'm not going to blame it on our chopstick use since even using the utmost care, we broke them. I preferred the pork ones much better than the crab, while my sister preferred the crab. It might be down to just your own personal taste. It was an alright meal to be had, but it didn't get rid of my hankering for really yummy xiao long baos... Perhaps I'll just have to go back to my boyfriend's place so his mom could finally put my cravings to an end.
Saw this place with high ratings on yelp so we decided to stop by. Definitely didn't disappoint!! The soup dumplings were pretty delicious.
I always find myself going here whenever I am in Chinatown. I absolutely LOVE this place! I highly recommend getting there early so you don't have to wait too long because it gets packed! It is a very touristy spot, but I don't mind because the soup dumplings are so good!
Great food! You are served your food at community style tables with a lazy Susan in the middle. Loved everything we had. The only issue is the wait time. I dont mind waiting at all. However, when we gave our names they said 20 minutes. We heard them saying this to everyone. After just over an hour, we were finally seated.
Came here on sat for dinner and wait was about 40 min, they give you a raffle ticket that's easy to lose so dont lose it !! There are a few chairs and benches outside to sit on. This restaurant has gotten so popular because of yelp and word of mouth etc, there are peiple from all parts of the world eating here. You have to split tables with people, if you don't have enough of a ful table, so we ended up at a table with 3 other groups which I hate because it's kind of awkward sometimes. We ordered xiao long bao, crab xiao long bao, dan dan mian, garlic eggplant, rice cake with beef, and shredded pork with jalapenos and bean curd. My favorite dishes were the dan dan mian, and the crab xiao long bao. The crab xiao long bao had amazing crab flavor and was so savory and delicious. The dan dan mian was super peanut butter which I love !!! The eggplant was way too sweet, so I only had one piece. The other dishes were not really my taste either because they were too sweet. Must get the crab xiao long bao!!
Came here because of the high ratings on Yelp which explains the truck loads of tourists including myself. It really was not worth the 40 mins wait tbh. This place was already far from our Airbnb in New York so what ended up to be mediocre dumplings in a shady and smelly hood made it worse. I'm no expert when it comes to XLB and I don't have it often but XLBs famous to this caliber I really expected more. I think the only thing that stood out was the abundance of soup in each package. But when I think of crab I think of fresh, sweet and savoury. The brown soup that poured out was none of that. There was not much flavour and I told my boyfriend. He responded "...but the vinegar compliments it so well." Ummmm, if it can't blow my socks off on its own without a sauce to help... then it's really not that great. I was also creeping other people's dishes at my table (they are so packed here you gotta sit with randoms) and it's definitely not quality Chinese food. Would not revisit...
Waited all that time and didn't try the pork dumplings. Do they make the same mistake. A neighbor let me try one and holy moly they're moist, flavorful, and perfectly cooked.Be aware that if you come with a small group (there were two of us), you might be seated with other pairs. Our table was a 6 person party of strangers and at first it was awkward but we got over it. I think we were just glad to finally be seated. The sesame chicken was good but nothing out of the ordinary. My advice is to check the menu and the reviews prior to going there--the waiters aren't the most helpful and you'll be rushed so know what you want.Cool place. I'll be back for the dumplings.
Joe's Shanghai is one of those places where you feel obligated to go simply because the amount of reviews it has on Yelp. It's like a right of passage to NY. As much as I hate giving it 3 stars and going against all of the highly rated reviews, I think this place is completely overrated and overhyped. The wait time usually varies between 30 minutes to 1.5 hours, and you're not allowed to sit until all of your members are there. They give you a line number system but even if one person is missing, it goes to the next group. Weekends are the worst and so is dinner time, although even during off hours I always see a massive line out the door. The interior is pretty small and is insanely packed. Basically it's a tourist trap. Joe's is renown for its soup dumplings. These especially hit the spot during a cold winter day, or simply after a night of shenanigans. I will say the dumplings are reasonably priced! I came with a group and we tried a couple of varieties. The xiao long bao was soft and freshly steamed. The inside soup was pretty good, but I found I needed to pour some sauces inside to really amp up the flavor. It leaned towards the sweeter side, whereas I'm more of a slightly saltier broth type of girl.Overall the food is decent but the wait time is not worth it. There are much better places in Chinatown.
Same food, cheaper prices than the Midtown location.Soup dumplings are a must, I could eat these every day. I also enjoy the spicy green beans and salt and pepper friend crab.Underrated disk are the rice noodles with pork. Haven't seen this at other Chinese places ever, and it is an excellent dish. The rice noodles look like little wafers, very tasty. No ambiance here, and you often share a table with strangers - FYI to those that it matters. Not to me, I want good food. This is the spot.
I've been coming here since I was a teenager... less often when I was actually living in Chinatown, way more often now that I know how special their soup dumplings really are having moved away. Yes, they are known for their soup dumplings.. and yes, that's all I ever get there because if you are already in Chinatown there are far better places to get anything else on the menu. Some people might say that Din Tai Fung is far superior to Joes.. but I wouldn't go that far.. DTF is good, really good, but different from Joes. You come to Joes for the big juicy, impossible to eat in one bite dumplings.. you go to DTF for the small flavorful bites. With that said, I have yet to find anywhere that does the soup quite like Joes does. I will, however, say that Joes has been slippin throughout the years. What once was easily a consistent 5 star meal now has its 3-4 star days where the dumplings are overcooked, stuck together to where it's impossible not to break them causing all the juicy goodness to go to waste, or sometimes worse.. all the juice has dried up due to the overcooking. This seems to happen more often during off peak times when it is not busy.. perhaps they have their B-level chef running things during those times.. but anytime I come during peak hours (weekends, holidays, lunch, etc) they are always on point. Even with all the slippage, I will keep returning to joes for my soup dumpling fix bc I've yet to find anywhere else that does it better than Joes on a good day, and it's good enough for me to consistently come back knowing that I might encounter an off day. Get the crab or the crab/pork mixed ones over the plain pork ones.
Fast service! They know what you want and have the soup dumplings ready. They were super juicy and flavorful. I preferred the pork to the crab - too fishy for me.Know that you will be sitting on top of other people, but its a busy place.
I haven't come here in a very long time because the line is always so long, but today there was no wait since I went early.  However, I must say I was very disappointed.  I had to sit in a table with 2 other groups and we barely had any rooms for our foods.  I ordered two orders of soup dumplings and 2 sides, vegetarian duck and kau fu.  The bean curd skins were over cooked on top and there was very little mushrooms.  The kau fu was too sweet.  Most people probably come here for the soup dumplings so let's get there now.  First, the skin was so thick.  Second, the soup was also thick and my brother had some that wasn't fully cooked and he saw some red, blood juice come out.   Third of all, it was so salty I had to drink so much tea.  Then to end it off when I was leaving I saw that they had a C for sanitation.  Getting a C is really difficult, that means they must really not clean at all then.  It was especially disappointing because I remember how it used to taste and it tasted a lot better.
Heard that Joes was the spot famous for Dumplings and after the reviews decided to check it out.It was a bit hard to located as I didn't know my way around Chinatown well. The sitting in the place is interesting as you have to share the table with random people. The food here is pretty good and portions are pretty large and the price isnt too bad. Recommend it but its average compared to L.A. joints.
I have never had a bad meal here, and I go often! In/Out vibe, no frills. Wine is low quality but delish! Fast Service. Sometimes a wait, but worth it!
I wish I had done more research and realized that the dim sum (and all other plates for that matter) cannot be ordered in small portions here. So, we had the crab and pork soup dumplings because that seemed to be the must-have there. We would not have known how to eat them had we not been seated at an 8 top with a party of 6 Japanese tourists who seemed to know how to enjoy these pockets of fun. You use the soup spoon to take them out of the large bamboo steamer, pour the black vinegary sauce sitting on the table over them, then use your chopsticks to puncture them and let the rich broth drip onto your spoon. YUM! We also had some noodles that our waiter 9not the nicest guy on the planet) claimed to be the special (first ones on the menu) and they were good, not mindblowing. A couple of Shing Tao beers and that was enough food for the both of us. If you don't require super friendly service or refuse to sit with other people and not in the mood to sample lots of smaller plates and have CASH, then you might like this place. Next time we're in Chinatown, we'll look for cart service which I saw is actually a filter in Yelp!
I ordered the crab and pork dumplings . It was great and flavorful. The bathroom was clogged up . And it took about forever to order as well as get our food even though that's all we ordered
I came to Joe's Shanghai with my girlfriend on a beautiful summer day in August and had her favorite lunch ever: dumplings! They can be found on the appetizers portion of the menu. We had the pork dumplings and the crab/pork dumblings as well as a cold appetizer; chicken with vermicelli. Athe dumplings were the most flavourful i've had and my girlfirend went crazy over them. The vermicelli and chicken was not amazing but still passed as "really good" to us both. Servers were sort of unfriendly but they had a full house and managed to serve us very quickly and efficiently. All in all, this is a great place to bring visitors to NY's chinatown and a great place for authentic Chinese food.
Came here on a Sunday at around 12 and the place was jam packed.  Luckily ended up getting seated within 10 minutes but waiting longer would have been well worth it.This place is cash only and you most likely won't be getting your own table and sitting with complete strangers.  If you're fine with both of these things (or even if you're not), these issues are quickly overlooked by the food.Ordered the soup dumplings (8 to an order) which were scrumptious.  Each was like it's own wonton soup inside a pocket of a dumpling shell.  Next came the pork wonton soup which was so flavorful and quite substantial (gave you an entire other order of dumplings if not more in the soup).  Finally the entree was the spicy shredded beef.  It was so tender and had just enough spice to be flavorful while not melting your face into oblivion.  Definitely a worth while stop if you're in the area and enjoy reasonably priced, substantial quantity, and flavorful food.
Now it's really going downhill. Joe's in Chinatown is full on part of the tourist circle of life. It is on par with the out of towner ranks of the Carnegie Deli or even Serendipity in Midtown, where the waits are long and the food is overpriced. The kind of establishments where Zagat rates them as a "must visit."Folks who have never experienced the wonder of a soup dumpling are sure to  marvel at Joe's. The explosion of pork and crab juices in one's mouth is already an amazing feat, but soup dumpling cherry popping experience is frequent here. And despite it's rather mediocre results over the last few years, most folks simply come here because they know no other alternative. Being famous helps, in addition to the fact most of the staff speaks fairly solid English here.The prices are "generally"  considered inexpensive overall, but are definitely pricier than some of their competing neighbors. It's nothing absurd like the Midtown Joe's Shanghai (yelp.com/biz/joes-shangh…) and the food isn't nearly as tasty as its Flushing location (yelp.com/biz/joes-shangh…).One would think that with more foreign customers the restaurant would somehow attempt to differentiate itself by offering better service. Nope. It's still just as shoddy and as rough around the edges as ever. How's being rushed out after waiting an hour plus for subpar dumplings feel now?
Mmmm my favorite place to get xiao long bao in the east coast :)Back when I used to frequent New York often this was one of my favorite places to go! The xiao long bao here are not so xiao LOL they are like soup dumplings on crack! THEYRE HUGGEEE!!! However they're quite tasty, but I still think Din Tai Fung makes them better. So if any of you east coasters ever visit Arcadia, Ca or Seattle Washington then try a soup dumpling there because they're the delicate thin skinned sisters to Joe Shanghai's xlb.I was also a fan of the rice cakes (Nian gao) nom nom nom.Oh but I do find the tongs they give you to pick up the XLB a bit cumbersome. I would always pop a few...but maybe thats due to a lack of finesse? :) haha
Family style seating- long line but all of this was well worth it.You would be missing out if you didn't try the Xiao Long Bao. Didn't care much for the seafood one but regardless they are a must try. We had 4-5 orders of this and a noodle entree. All the dishes that we could see looked great and will definitely go back when I need something to warm me up.
Service was slow and terrible. We ordered our food and waited 45 min for it. Everyone who came in at the same time and after us all received their food before us. Soup dumplings were bland and the spicy Szechuan beef dish we ordered was nothing but a dish of oil and string beans. Total disappointment. Not even worth one star.
You will ALWAYS wait to be seated here.The dumplings are tasty, fatty, and fun to eat until the soup spills on your shirt.  Learn dumpling eating methods if you're new at this.  Personally I like the turn it sideways, poke a hole, slurp the soup, and eat the rest.  There are other goodies to be had on the menu. I suggest trying the pork shoulder, it's sweet and melts in your mouth.  Meat candy.
The moment I first sat down in this place:Waiter: "YOU WANT DUMPLINGS?"Me: "... o_O yes?"This is the one place my friend from the East Coast said I HAD to try so we stopped by on a cold winter morning. The four of us were seated on a big round table next to a couple who were almost done with their meal. I was lost so my East Coast friend came to the rescue and ordered everything we needed to eat. I didn't know what I was doing and bit into my first soup dumpling too fast so that it exploded on me. My friend had to enlighten me on the art of eating xiao long bao:1. Carefully put on onto your spoon2. Tilt the spoon and take a small bite from the side3. Sip the soup out 4. Eat the rest of the xiao long bao. The dumplings were hot and delicious. The soup inside tasted a little too sour at first but I got used to it after eating a couple. It was the perfect way to spend a rainy morning in Chinatown.We kept eating and the xiao long bao kept coming out: "You want more dumpling?" "YES." I'm not sure how many trays we ordered but by the end of it I was stuffed and happy.
A totally unnecessary review since Joe's is (in)famous, but just to put it in writing: sit down, don't ask many questions (prepare to feel rushed/confused), but order so many soup dumplings. Rinse and repeat. Joe's is perfect.
Wow!  The service was absolutely atrocious...in a kinda "in your face" way. Waiters -1. Rushed us to order2. Rudely plopped food down on our table 3. Only refilled teapot and water after we flagged them down4. Kept reaching to take our plates away even though we weren't done, leaving us to reach for the remaining portions as the plates were hoisted in the air. 5. Dropped check on table even though we didn't request yet. Things to know:1. Could have shared table seatings since mostly large tables. 2. 15% tip added to check 3. No reservations which means won't seat you until all present. 4. Cash only. Frankly, I don't care how good the soup dumplings are.  When the service is this poor, respect yourself and go elsewhere. Where I'm coming from -  born in NY, Chinatown native...believe me when I say there are better alternatives. I've been here 3 times, and disliked every single time. Each time because out of towner friends wanted to try, and I aimed to accommodate. I'm stronger and tougher these days and will now point others in another direction when this restaurant is brought up.
Best Chinese food in the city. Really fast, too. You may have to share a table, because they are so packed.
Eh. I don't get the hype. This is definitely one of those places that are famous for being famous...the Kardashian of the food world. Nothing that stands out about this place. While it is a nicer Chinatown restaurant, the food isn't better than other Shanghai places and nothing really shines here. Everything is just eh. Save your money and head down the block to Shanghai Garden. You'll get more for your money and your tummy will thank you.
Solid. If I visit Manhattan again I will probably go try some other places for the sake of exploration, but if I lived nearby I could see myself coming here often.I had the pork XLB (soup dumplings) and a plate of Singapore mei fun. The dumplings were super with some of their dipping sauce (which had to be some combination of at least vinegar, soy sauce, and ginger) and chili sauce. The mei fun was a little bland but nothing that the aforementioned condiments couldn't fix. There were many more things on the menu that I wanted to try, but they'll have to wait for another day!
I am confused why this establishment has such great reviews the food was bland, mediocre, and forgettable.  The service was okay and the waiter surprisingly told our group not to order a dish because it was frozen.  The dumplings were just okay. Stay away and do not be fooled.
I've been here a couple times before and really enjoyed it... After revisiting this place I will never go back again. What a disappointment. The worst part of the meal were the boiled pork dumplings. They looked and tasted like shriveled balls, I almost vomited after managing to gag it down. This place has good reviews for soup dumplings. NO WAY! They were frozen dumplings that were microwaved. Gross. The bok choy ( the seasonal vegetable) was sitting in a bed of gasoline, soggy as hell.. Also ordered them spicy and they were mild and stringy. Singapore noodles had the most gnarly shrimps with black veins. Also Singapore noodles should be spicy and they were not. The sesame chicken was the only edible thing... And they were mediocre at best. This place is overpriced and a sham.
Worst dumplings in New York. Soggy bok choy cooked in motor oil. Singapore noodles tasted like the inside of an old jar of curry. The chicken was dry. The shrimps looked like shriveled baby dicks with black veins. Overpriced!
This place gets PACKED! This is my 2nd visit. First visit, we had to wait for about 40 minutes to be seated at this BIG table shared with a few other parties. I have to say, it was brutal to see other people at your table with their food while you wait for yours. My 2nd time there, no wait (lucky us!!). It was on a Tuesday night, but the place was still filled! The workers know people go there for the dumplings, so before we even sat our butts down, the waiter already asked how many orders of dumplings. Personally I thought it was kinda rude but if I guess I wouldn't mind if I was SUPER hungry and ready to chow!The two of us got an order of the dumplings, Shanghai noodle and a shrimp noodle soup. Everything was delicious. The trick to eat the dumpling is to eat the top first, suck the juice inside, then eat the whole thing. Both times, I had very good experience with the service and the food. I'd go there again :)
Don't know what's the big deal with this place.  Had to wait 45 minutes to sit.  Their bathroom is an absolute war zone.  It's so disgusting.  One of my requirements for a restaurant is to have. Spotless bathroom.   This place was so dirty I felt like I had to go disinfect my whole body.  The soup dumplings everyone raves about were so whatever.  The Chinese food we ordered was a little on the pricier side of other establishments in Chinatown.  When it came to pay the bill, I didn't realize it was cash only and pulled out a cc.  They ran over like a swarm of bees and started yelling cSh only cash only.   Gottttttt it buddy.  Heard you the first time.  They were swarming around us like cockroaches.  Prolly cuz they have many cockroaches in the kitchen.  It is so dirty in there. When I was leaving.  The waiter started saying something directly to my face in passing.  Grrrrrr. I know what you said
Joes Shanghai is a must try when visiting China Town. It's always busy so expect to wait and/or be seated with strangers. The crabmeat soup dumplings are amazing and comes out fresh. The dumpling skin is thin so be sure to pick up the dumplings with the tongs at the top where the skin is pinched together to not break the soup dumpling. Remember to bring cash as they don't accept credit cards or checks. Ill definitely be trying other dishes next time!
We went to Joe Shanghai for 1 thing and 1 thing only: xiao long bao. There always seems to be a line in front but this time we were determined to eat here. You have to go to the lady in front to get a number and then you wait outside until she calls your number for you to be seated. If you have some time to kill, there's a bubble tea store right next door. They were doing buy 1 get 1 free (or 50% off) boba but I'm not sure if that's always the case.  We were seated fairly quickly and immediately told our waiter that we wanted 3 racks of pork xiao long bao. We also got an order of sesame noodles which were super sesame/peanut buttery just how we like and an order of green beans. The green beans were over salted and were a little friends instead of cooked in oil and garlic like we were used to. However that's not the point, the point was that the xiao long bao were delicious and filled with TONS of soup. Be careful for your first bite because you don't realize 1) how much soup there is in these things 2) how hot they come out from the kitchen. If you go on their website, there's a funny video about how to eat them and how not to eat them. As cute as the video is, it doesn't compare to how delicious the soup dumplings are.
The infamous 'soup dumpling' was just ok - not great.  Not sure why everyone thinks this place is 'to-die-for'...  I'd rather stab in the arm than return to this joint and get 'plates, cups, utensils, etc' thrown at me by those disgruntled workers!  They rush everything, from the moment you sit your butt down to when you finish your first bite, then it's 'boom' - the check is on your table, while the servers gwak at you to ensure you pay and leave a tip for them.  Seriously, there are better soup dumpling places..  when visiting Cali, go hit up Ding Tai Fung, so freaking good.  Much better services and larger variety of selections to choose from.
Easily could be Five stars, don't get caught up in the hype of the menu. The dumplings alone could be your meal of choice alone or anything else on the appetizers side.
For once we got really good Chinese food - soup dumpling was perfection. Other dishes were also very nice. My in laws from Mainland China also enjoyed it.
Ate here today for lunch. Of course, the soup dumplings are delicious but not worth the total lack of customer service. We also, ordered the crispy beef and Shanghai thick noodles. The crispy beef was crispy flour bits with almost no beef. The Shanghai thick noodles came out only partially covered with the sauce as if it were too much trouble to give them another toss in the pan before putting them on the plate. The servers give you little or no attention. And seem to congregate in the back talking amongst themselves. Two stars for the soup dumplings only.
I still think their xlb is the best in the world!!!  Despite the wait...  Other items worth having is the seaweed fish filet, maple tofu, crispy salt and pepper pork.  Don't forget a bottle of ice cold tsing Tao beer.They now take reservation for a table of 10.  So gather up your hungry crew and make your reservation.
We had the pork dumplings and it was delicious. We were struggling with the dumplings exploding when we take a bite and only noticed the how to eat them posters on the wall later. You have to put the dumpling on the spoon they provide when you eat so that the soup falls on to the spoon.
I've ordered Joe's Shanghai from Seamless dozens of times, but decided to finally try it at their restaurant. The dumplings were great as always. It was really crowded with a lot of tourists. My friend and I had to share a large round table, with two other parties. It was a little awkward but at least the food was good.
The crab soup dumplings are much better than pork! We three people had boiling fish, broiled duck and pork and shrimp. Not bad.
My girlfriend wanted to try this place a few weeks ago, thinking it was dim sum. I got there first, and was promptly sat at a big communal table with 4 other women. It was a little awkward, but I got over it quickly. My friend arrived a couple minutes later, and we decided to share food.We ordered soup dumplings, spring rolls, sesame chicken, and chicken with broccoli. Everything was amazing, and they served hot tea/water, which was very much appreciated with the cold weather we were having.It ended up being around $40-$50, I believe. They also put automatic gratuity on it so just be aware of that. I was about to give them a 20% tip on top of the gratuity, but ended up just giving the extra % to make it 20% after I realized this. :) Definitely coming back here soon!
Super disappointing. Flavor just wasn't there. I expected more because of the great reviews in Yelp. We didn't even finish our food.
Service was OK.Place is super busy. Food is Ok. Another place that is built on word of mouth rather than the quality of its food. It's like eating food cooked in 10-w30.
This is an updated review!I always come here with a big group of my friends and we are never disappointed with the food. The consistency that this restaurant has with the flavour of its soup dumplings is great!You have two choices for soup dumplings: pork and crab. Both are delicious, the crab is a little bit pricier. Aside from the dumplings, I recommend the pan-fried noodles because they are delicious! So are the scallion pancakes, tripe, and jellyfish. There are tables for everyone but if you are eating with a big group, there are big round tables in the back to accommodate big parties. This place is also CASH ONLY but a good think is that there's plenty of banks down the block and around the corners to withdraw money. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area!
My first experience with soup dumplings and I loooooved them! Apparently this is the place to go. We also had some thick noodles, potstickers, and green beans. All were fabulous. I will DEFINITELY be back.
Came here on a Monday night- no wait but was seated next to the cleaning supplies. Gross.  I've had Joe's before, but this visit really made me realize that I do not want to come here again. I ordered the pork XLB with the delicious soup inside. The only downside to the dumplings is that they smell like feet. Don't get me wrong, they are definitely tasty....but just smell horrible. I notice the same smell from Joe's Ginger's dumplings (which has the same owner). FYI tip is included in your bill.
My friends and I went here for our friends giving last year and my I can't wait to go back this year.So this place is in the back streets of Chinatown which kinda made it hard for my friends and I to find, but we were very glad we did. The wait was about 20 minutes which wouldn't have been bad if it wasn't pouring outside and the only place to stand and wait was outside the restaurant not ok when your umbrella is flying away and you weren't weather prepared.Anyhow we weren't able to be seated until all of our guests were present which made the wait a little longer, which was our friends fault. When we were seated we were immediately greeted by a waiter and he took our drink orders. The only problem was that we could barely understand him and vice versa ( good thing our friend spoke Chinese because One of my friends was allergic to peanuts and the waiter couldn't understand that in english.)The food was amazing we literally ordered 2 orders of Pork, Chicken and Beef dumplings, 2 orders of rice (fried rice, and chicken fried rice) The shredded pork soup was phenomenal! For approximately 8 of us the food portions were average and it did leave me personally full.The drink variety is slim but the food variety is amazing. We're having our annual Friendsgiving there again this year and I can't wait to try the duck this time!
Don't be a tourist. Follow these simple rules:1. Take the train to Canal street (parking is a toss-up)2. Only order the soup dumplings (get one order per person, e.g. one pork, one crab, if you're with two)3. Get Chinese beer with it4. Bring cash (they only take cash)5. Don't whine about waiting for a precious seat  (you're in NYC, no one's special)6. Don't show up with half your party (if you want to eat within a reasonable amount of time, limit its size)7. Do get a bubble tea from next door while waiting in order to curb your hunger8. Don't be afraid to eat the cabbage9. You can use the sauce if you like, but it isn't necessary.I was born and raised in NYC, yet haven't lived there in over a decade. I still come back just for the dumplings. Yes, they are that good.*** BONUS: A common game played is to take bets on who spills the least soup. The person with the dirtiest plate at the end of the meal pays.
CASH ONLY!   flushing location.  The soup dumplings were better than average here.  Service was really nice.  Workers were very polite and always kept our glasses full.  Other food we ordered were pretty good.  Music was great.
Place is packed 15 minutes after they open. It's so clear why! Services quick, dumplings are spectacular, and even the other dishes were really out of this world. Definitely worth a trip to Chinatown!
Beautiful and delicious soup dumplings! So delicious! They spill onto your shirt, but it is worth it. I am going to go back.
This xiao long bao is only one that my son will eat the filling.  He's an extremely picky eater, so any hint of anything besides meat is a no go.  Other places that only have meat fillings, the filling tends to be hard and chewy.  Joe's has the right amount of soup as well.  Also had the nan goa (Shanghai rice cakes with pork).  That was good as well.  Still one of the better scallion pancakes I've had anywhere.
Delicious XLB and more. I ordered the crab and the pork xiao long baos, which were very soupy and flavorful. The scallion pancakes were very crunchy and soft at the same time, but I wished they had some soymilk to go along with it or some porridge. The pea sprouts were too salty for my liking, but for $15 I had no choice but to finish them. The shanghai beef noodles were spot on!
This place is in china town, it was full , but the staff have an amazing way of directing traffic.  They sat all five of us in a table for 7 and then they sat two strangers next to us.  It was weird at first, but then we got used to it.  The food was good, a solid 4 stars.  Servers were not that good , they don't really communicate the menu that well, I felt a little rushed.
Ok this is the place for crab & pork soup dumplings! They are sooo good!!! We also had the beef and broccoli, general Tao chicken and salt and pepper pork chops and everything was excellent! Worth seeking out, it's located on a little side street in China town.  The tables are communal, so you may share a table with strangers but that's part of the fun, never know who you might meet there. Enjoyed the experience and definitely recommend this establishment!
When one goes to visit Joe's Shanghai one goes to visit based on someone's friend who told them about their amazing Shanghainese soup dumplings (or Yelp ;)). Everything you suspected was correct: their dumplings are in fact very very yummy. Perhaps one of the best in NYC. Despite that audacious claim, please understand that everyone has their own preferences and taste palate. Some people like a little more soup, some people like less soup, more sodium, etc... When I say "very very yummy" I mean that when I compare it to Jing Fong and Golden Unicorn. I'd also venture to say this place is almost as good as Nan Xiao Long Bao in Queens (which is  my top spot for Xiao Long Bao [XLB]).The wait is not super long at late dinner hours 7pm-8pm however it is cash only for you folks who love to use cards like me. The place is quite small so super large parties may have to wait longer.I'd come back to bring a friend that's exploring the city and all of the goodies it has to offer.
Back for the second time to take my brother and sister in law. Finally had the crab XLB. Oh. My. Soooooo good!!! Also ordered a whole sweet and sour fish- was ok, house friend rice was deelish! And of course we had to get shanghai noodles!
You definitely come here for the food, not the service. Felt rushed to order. BUt, you know the place is good when this is where the locals are! Came here strictly for the dim sum! Had the pork dumplings. SO good!We ordered their special fried rice - there was nothing special about it. White rice, egg, and scallion. Bland. We also had the sesame chicken. It was good.Would like to go back to try other items on the menu.
Joe Shanghai are you really worth the wait? When you are really looking for somewhere for Shanghainese regardless of the wait or not. This is one of those places you can't bring your first day date to, extremely noisy and crowded here (worst than Shanghai Cafe). I personally came to eat and be able to chit chat with buddies but we just quickly ate and found another place.I waited 45 minutes and the food was just okay. In Chinatown I would prefer to get the Xiao Long Bao from Shanghai cafe even though I think it is good but not great. Nothing is compare to Flushing's Xiao Long Baos or Shanghai of course. The fried noodles is average. I don't think this would be worth my time.
Highly overrated in my opinion. I brought a friend here and talked it up so much based on the Yelp reviews and was pretty embarrassed afterwards.The soup dumplings are not bad here, but I've tasted ding tai fung and it hands down has this place completely beat. In terms of other establishments in the vicinity, Shanghai Cafe had better soup dumplings in my opinion. Their dumplings here was a good bang for your dollar, but the meat didn't seem tightly packed together so had this sort of crumbly texture like it was shredding apart when I was eating it. Plus the soup had an odd sweet flavour note to it which I feel did not go well with the meat. I'm more of a salty and savoury kind of girl.Not tragic but seriously overhyped, there's a better option so close by! Would never return here for that reason.
A must have when i come to New York. I enjoy the pork soup dumplings more than I did with the crab and pork soup dumplings. Their yang chow fried was good but it was on the salty side. I like that they're fast so I can get a quick bite and go on to my next adventure. Downside is that it's cash only and it's very tight in there. You're very likely to accidentally bump into someone's chair just going in and out. But that's Chinatown NY For y'all!
A must place to go if you like Shangai noodle and a quick way to be served and fed, perfect spot if you are in a hurry. My wife's suggestion is to try out the pork soup dumplings. Cons No credit card only cash payments.
Not worth the hype.There are better places for soup dumplings like shanghai cuisine a few minutes walk away.Soup dumplings:-thick skin-soup was very thick+cheap+quick to the tableRice cakes were mediocre, too oily and not enough veggies/meatDine in:~ a lot of people, on the loud side-could be seated at a big table with strangers+waiters take away empty dishes quickly-feel rushed bc of the fast paced service
This place is awesome! Definitely best known for their soup dumplings, and I completely agree. The soup dumplings here are always on point. I'm pretty sure the prices for an order of soup dumplings were cheaper back then, but now it's around $8 for an order. They have two fillings, one with just pork, and another with pork and crab (more expensive, but worth). I usually come with my parents, so one of each is enough to satisfy our cravings because we get other items on the menu as well. On top of the soup dumplings, we usually order some beef stir fry rice cakes and some type of cold soy sauce braised fish (sorry I don't know the actual names). Only complaint is the rice cakes are a little on the oilier side, so if you don't like greasy food - stay away! Warning about the soup dumplings - be patient and gentle, you will burn your tongue if you eat it whole and you will break the skin if you don't handle with care.I have never seen this place empty or even moderately empty, it is always packed. Expect to wait 30-60 minutes for a table when it gets extremely busy. So bundle up if you come during the winter time. Sometimes if you come in a group of only 2 or 3 people, you might have to share a table with another small group. That's one of the few things I don't like about this place. Wherever and whenever I eat, I always want to sit with the people I come with, not strangers. Nobody needs to see me be savage on my food, that's for friends and family eyes only. Something cool I always notice is the amount of celebrities that have visited in the past. The walls are covered in photos of the owner (I'm guessing) with a celebrity. Most notably, in my opinion, is Jeremy Lin. I just wish I was around when he was there.
One of the best places for soup dumplings. Ordered one order or crab and one order of pork soup dumplings. Definitely prefer the crab over the pork one, the crab one was delicious. The Singapore mei fun was really good, a lot of flavor, had a amount of white pepper in it. Wish they included pickled veggies in it, but still good. Everything came out to about $30 including tips and tax.
They're a little too expensive compared to other soup dumplings around town but very good, fresh, piping hot burn in your mouth dumplings!! Also it was weird being seated in a large round table with 3 other parties in the same table! But I'd get the soup dumplings, the general tso/sesame chicken was regular tasting.
Absolutely amazing food. The tables are communal, so it's not a very intimate dinner, but is great for a casual bite to eat.
We went to Joe's as part of our NYC food tour.  I can't talk about the food other than the soup dumplings.  It is the one thing they are famous for and I placed it in our agenda.  It is definitely worth stopping by!!  This is unlike any other dumpling I have ever had: grab it, cut it, drink the soup and then eat the dumpling.  The flavors were fantastic and very traditional.  If you are in NYC try to stop by.
The 小笼包 here is definitely good. I used to come a lot, but now it's become a tourist spot and the wait is too long. They also put parties together at one large table, which is uncomfortable sometimes. While the food is good, the experience isn't that great, so it loses some stars. Also their other dishes aren't that great. There are other comparable soup dumpling places nearby that offer a better overall experience.
Their reputation for their soup dumplings stay strong. And they know that. Once your party has been seated down, the waiter immediately asks what soup dumplings you would like, already assuming that you came here with that sole purpose, which I am not going to lie -- that was my only purpose.I ordered the pork and crab soup dumplings and they arrived at my table in a piping hot bamboo steamer. I was so happy when I picked one of the soup dumplings up to see how plump it was, indicating how filled the dough is with the meaty broth. Now you have been warned to be careful with these intricate and delicate dumplings as they do break easily when they're hot (which was a problem for me because I just couldn't WAIT to eat it) and since it was heavier than most dumplings in terms of the filling and the soup.The pork meatball inside the soup dumpling was very tender and well marinated. You can just tell that they mixed all the ingredients very well. The most complicated part of the soup dumpling is the soup. It is actually a super gelatinous stock that has been cooled and cut into cubes and put inside the dough. The stock was very rich in flavor and it had bits and pieces of aromatics.Joe's Shanghai has definitely mastered the complicated dim sum staple. Every time I have their freshly made to order soup dumplings, my heart actually feels content. It just brings back memories from childhood.
The ultimate dim sum experience in Chinatown! I've never had a dining experience quite like the one at Joe's. The crowd was overflowing into the street so you kind of have to fight your way just to put your name down at the hostess stand. We went on a Saturday night and waited around 20 minutes. From there they call out a few names at a time and seat your party at a table that seats probably 10-12. We started off with the obvious...soup dumplings! We did the crab with the pork ($8.25), but the friendly family next to us offered one of their pork steamed buns ($6.25) and it was just a tad better. Just a heads up...if would be helpful to YouTube "How to eat a soup dumpling" before eating here because I'm sure we were very entertaining to the staff.We were so adventurous and got the sesame chicken ($16.25) and lo mein ($9.25), as well. (Kidding, on the adventurous part. Pretty sure our server chuckled at us). All 3 of these were split among 3 of us and it was plenty. But, honestly, when I go back, I'll be happy with just dumplings. They're little sacks of heaven!They serve beer and wine here and it's CASH only. Service was great, too! Thank's Joe's!!!
Came here on 3/3/16 and thank goodness my coworker dragged us here.  We walked! Walked a good 5 miles to get to this place thinking it was closer.  This restaurant is located in an alley of China Town.  Cobble stone streets that gave it an old world feel, pretty cool! We didn't wait too long to be seated.  Our table was a communal table, meaning we shared the round table with 2-other couples.  Which can be awkward.  We ordered two different dumplings.. and they were juicy, hot awesomness.  Loved them!! we also ordered a few other items but they were did not impress me as much as the dumplings!The place is small, and cash only!  Take a look at the photos on the wall, many celebs have dined there!  Would come here again when in town.
I don't give 5 stars easily, but their soup dumplings are actually that good. And everything else we had was very delicious. The service is super fast, you basically get the menu and are asked right away what to order, which I prefer bc you can get your dumplings ordered stat. Only negative is the wait and the street outside kind of smells like $hit, but you are stuck waiting there for 30-45 mins. Oh well, totally worth it
This place does not disappoint!  I savored every meaty, juicy, umami filled xiao long bao.  The Shanghai flat noodles and scallion pancakes are also delicious and satisfying.  Service is no frills and efficient.  I'd be here all the time if I lived in NYC!
Great, great, great! We had the juicy dumplings that everyone loves at this place, and the scallion pancakes! With 2 orders of the dumplings and pancakes we were full and left with our tummy's happy :) the whole meal for 2 people with tip cost us like $28.00. Will be visiting again soon
Overrated, overrated, overrated, did I mention overrated?I was super excited to try Joe's Shanghai after all the amazing reviews of how great there food is. I went there on a Saturday night and it was super packed. You go inside, give you're name to the lady and they give you a ticket....then you wait outside. Note: THERE IS A SIGN ON THE DOOR THAT THEY ARE CASH ONLY. BRING CASH.When they sat us we were only two and I assume its "family dinning" so we sat with 6 other people on a large round table. At first it was very awkward, the two of us sitting with people we have never met but they were very kind and we enjoyed this "temporary large family."We ordered scallion pancakes which were very good as well as the sesame chicken which I didn't see what was special about it. It was a standard sesame chicken. The rice they serve is really good, but the service was lacking. I felt myself needing to ask for everything from a cup of water, to a straw to napkins. The entire experience was overall okay. People rave about the dumplings but the only option was pork and we don't eat pork so that was a no go. Overall there was more hype surrounding the food than the actual taste. For the amount of men in the dinning room serving and walking around I would really expect service to be better. The oranges they bring at the end with you're check was nice. I believe there must be better Chinese food/dim sum in Chinatown.
Scallion pancakes, spicy szechuan style beef and soup dumplings - you can never go wrong with this combination.
Very good Chinese food, even among other restaurants in Chinatown. Oftentimes there will be a long wait, but there is little else to complain about. Prices are reasonable, service is good, and the food is delicious.
Coming from LA (aka the land of the dumplings/soup dumplings), I was expecting Chinatown in NYC to get it down to a science. Sad to say, I was not impressed with the food here. Was it good? Yes. Was it spectacular that it needs to be set apart from the rest of the soup dumplings and pork fried dumplings? Absolutely not. The waiters and waitresses working here are also not the nicest. I will say that whatever chicken dish they have on their menu is actually cooked perfectly.
Delicious! I recently traveled to Taiwan, where I fell in love with  Xiao Long Bao's at Din Tai Fung. After searching yelp for the best XLB in Manhattan, I decided on Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown. We ordered the scallion pancake and two orders of the pork XLB (it's pork buns on the menu). They were both fantastic! Personally, I prefer Korean scallion pancakes (pajeon) but these were excellent in their own way. The XLB was so good! Not quite as good as Din Tai Fung, but very delicious.
Best soup dumpling I've ever had! Soup is so flavorful and filling is delicious. Get crab pork soup dumpling and you are in heaven.
Coming from southern California, the best soup dumplings I've ever had was from Din Tai Fung, but Joe's Shanghai certainly takes the cake! I mean, not to take away from Din Tai Fung of course :)We ordered the scallion pancakes, pork xlb, crab xlb, beef stir fried noodles, and snow peas. The pork xlb was the best hands down! The crab was okay, I wouldn't order again though; I'd just get two orders of the pork xlb instead ;) the scallion pancake was nothing I've ever tasted before, it was sooooo damn tasty! (Definitely getting two orders next time) the snow peas were equally as tasty; my fatass was so full but kept picking at them lol. The noodles were mediocre I wouldn't order it again.The service wasn't so great, but I mean who comes for the service when the food is so bomb!? Treat me like a peasant I don't care just keep those soup dumplings coming :) LOLLL
It's been years and years and year since I've had soup dumplings in NYC and I really forgot how good they are.  We came on a Sunday expecting to wait for at least an hour or more, BUT instead we were seated within 5 minutes of showing up. After binge eating everything under the sun in NYC I wasn't overly hungry and came with low expectations. After biting into my first XLB (crab) I remembered how delicious the XLB was from Joe's. The soup inside the dumplings has a nice distinct crab taste. Also- the dumplings are massive. So.. I only had 2 soup dumplings.. I wish I could have more. The only complaint I have is the skin.. it was super sticky and stuck to my teeth. I came with mandarin speakers so I have no thoughts on the service as I did not interact with anyone.
I had the crab soup dumplings and it is by far the best ones I've had outside of Asia! There were real pieces of crab inside and the soup was incredibly savoury and piping hot. The dumpling skin was just thick enough and the right amount of chew. No staleness out here. Only thing is I wish the vinegar that comes with it wasn't already left out on the table and that I didn't have to share a table with others. It's kind of an awkward set-up which I'm not really fond of and much prefer if they had smaller tables. Aside from that, the prices are good and the soup dumplings are super good!!! Would definitely come back again!
XLB skin a bit thick, but the soup was flawless. We had pork and crab and plain pork. Cash only establishment, expect to wait at all times but the food comes out fast.
The food was ok. Standard Shanghai dishes and the taste was alright. Around half of the dumplings were stuck to the steaming basket and had no soup which was disappointing. The worst part of this restaurant was the service. We were a party of 2 placed on a table with two other parties. This was fine since the restaurant was mostly full. We asked the female server with glasses by the door if we could get some help to remove some empty plates from the table as the table became full. She answered in a very rude tone and said "No I can't". No wonder this place charges a mandatory 15% service fee.
I wish I lived in NYC!!! I crave the soup dumplings all the time and nothing comes close in the Bay area
My wife and I wanted to have a late lunch. I had read a review on this location and decided to stop. We were very lucky in that there was an open table for two at the front of the restaurant. Not knowing what is best, we ordered some gyoza and one order of soup dumplings. OMG we should have only gotten the soup dumplings!  The gyoza was ok but the dumplings...absolutely awesome. We ordered two more orders of these tasty gems. The richness of these juicy dumplings and the tasty morsels of filling were heavenly! When we go back it will only be dumplings.
It was a hot day and it took us a while to get here. Thankfully, their AC was on blast and there wasn't a wait. Yes, it's communal seating. It wasn't a problem though. We enjoyed the company of a New Zealand father/son. Of course we had to get the XLB- crab & pork. We also ordered wontons. The XLB were big and had a lot of soup. I enjoyed slurping it out. I would say I enjoy Din Tai Fung's more, but these were good too. I also like the wontons. They had a lot of meat and the broth was light. I would say our trek here was worth it!
What's super annoying is it's cash only BUT they add tip and tax to the bill. Otherwise would have given 3 stars. Soup dumplings were ok/average. The wrapper is too thick although they had plenty of liquid inside. Would like them more if we had never been to din tai fung (Still the best combo of size/wrapper/liquid).
A great no frills place to have some delicious soup dumplings. The staff is very quick and not very friendly. Don't expect them to go out of their way. I would say this is in the top 5 dumplings I have tasted. But they are not the best I have ever had. Still worth visiting though!
We came in for a pretty late dinner so the notorious line wasn't as long as usual which was nice! We ordered the pork soup dumpling as well as the pork & crab soup dumpling and they were both extremely tasty!! Soup was very flavorful, but the skin was a little thick. We also got the eggplant in szechuan sauce and the string beans sauteed with garlic and pork. Although they were both tasty, I must say that the vegetables were rather soggy and extremely oily. While I would give it a 5 for flavor, it's not the place to get fresh vegetables! Finally, we got the twice cooked pork! Again, flavor was good but it was extremely oily and they gave us much more cabbages than actual pork which was kind of a downer. Overall very satisfied with the food, it's definitely a place to go in NYC!
Sanitation was rated a C at the front door and it seems like its reflected on the food. I just shared one order of Pork XLB which comes with 8 pieces. It was not bad but it did have a "fishy" taste to it as my friends described it as. We didn't understand why as it should only have pork in it. I definitely wouldn't say this is the best place to get XLB, as there are better places like shanghai Asian manor, the Bao, etc. I wouldn't say this was a horrible place either. The only thing is that this place gives 8 pieces for ~$6. Normally you'll find places giving 4-6 for ~$6. Service was good and getting seated during the afternoon was quick. There's auto gratuity of 15%. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but maybe if I was nearby.
We came first, then another group of people came in and the waitress ask us to share the round table. We didn't want to seat with a group of strangers, so we asked to seat just our group. Then the waitress spoke in Chinese with others and just asked another group to share the table. There was No "excuse me", No "sorry". What kind of customer service was that? I didn't try the food yet, but with the way they treat customers like that, I don't think we gonna enjoy the food and services
I ordered the pork dumplings, string beans, and stirred fried noodle. I think the pork dumpling tasted mediocre. It also didn't have a fixed shape but more of a saggy look to it. The string beans was probably my favorite but could have been cooked with less oil and same goes for the stirred fried noodle. It was just too oily and gave such an unpleasant taste to the mouth. Overall, I think the food tasted good for its price but I'm not sure if I would come back here a second time.
The reputation is well deserved! Amazing soup dumplings, their skins filled with delicious liquid and meat ready to burst with flavor in your mouth...
Best soup dumplings in NYC. All the tourists know about it now which makes the line longer. Good thing I'm a regular so I don't have to wait!
After 3800 reviews, mine isn't going to add much. So I'll keep it short. But I loved this place. Cheap prices and generous portions. The soup dumplings were amazing. Add the scallion pancakes and Singapore flat noodles for under 22 dollars with a tip and we left happy. We didn't wait but we were there around 1115 or so. Great stuff!
The soup dumplings were very good however the rest was so so. I don't think I would come back. I would try something else. Our waiter was very nice and showed me how to properly eat a soup dumpling. They only take cash so be prepared.
FLIES IN THE FOOD. I used to frequent Joe's Shanghai over 4 years ago but this location suffers from quality and service. In the past, it was fine that the service was awful since the food was good but I waited over an hour and a half, like many others on Pell street, for soup dumplings with little to no soup in them. Go somewhere else, service is awful and they weren't apologetic at all when they moved the fly around and spread its wings in my bok choy. Yaso Tangbao in BK is much better with solid xiao long bao.
really amazing pork soup dumplings! highly recommend it. the dumpling skin is thin and very chewy, not thick at all which a lot of places could be, and the broth is heavy but not too heavy. it's light in a way and you don't really feel gross after. they give you a side of soy sauce ginger vinegar to eat with the soup dumplings, more heavy on the vinegar side, but it really helps and compliments the soup dumplings by cutting through all that oily fat.it does get really packed, so come at an odd time.
Best Chinese food in the country. Located in the heart of Chinatown.No reservations so be early and expect a wait, worth it...Last visit, Tuesday afternoon, I went around 11:45 sat down right away, it was packed with a waiting list when we left. Incredible in Chinatown where there are literally hundreds of choices.  Most other diners were native Chinese, I was one of the few "white" guys there.  My dining companion is Phillipino so they let it go... just kidding.My must have foods start with the crab soup dumplings. I could finish there but the young chow fried rice is the BEST ever!  The braised port shoulder is a delicacy.  Don't forget to get a scallion pancake, goes perfectly with the the rice or on its own.You will not be dissatisfied even if you have to wait....  a nice tea compliments the lunch well.
Soup dumplings are so juicy! Also recommend the scallion pancakes, lo mein, rice cakes, eggplant, and Shanghai fried rice.
I used to come here all the time way back when I was a consultant and traveled to NY 2-3 times a year.  Though not the best xiao long bao I've had definitely better.  Still way better than what din tai fung offers here in the States.  Bring cash and be prepared to wait in line for some of these super juicy xlb's.  Oh and don't be shy about sharing a table with other people as it's unlikely you'll get your own.  The rice cake used to be better from what I remember but is still decent.
This place is toristy trap, foods okay, service could be better. They seem to want to rush you out of there, definitely not a place for catching up with peeps.
Coming to new york, this was the first place my family visited. The service was okay, but our food came out in the weirdest orders. Once we finished ordering, scallion pancakes came out right away. We ordered two XLB, and it took 20 minutes after the scallion pancakes. However, only one reached the table and then it took another 10 minutes for the other XLB to hit the table. Flavor wise, everything tasted great, just wished both of them arrived at the table because it was sort of weird waiting for food once the dishes were done. Additionally, my family ordered noodles and soft shell crabs and they didn't reach the table for quite awhile. Everything tasted great, just wished it did not take so long for food to hit the table and was hoping they would the table all at once like a normal family dinner.
If DTF is the best Xiao Long Bao in the West, Joe's Shanghai is probably the best in the East. I think these are more memorable then DTF.This place is a foodie trap. Expect long lines. It is a small typical asian restaurant. Do not expect to sit alone though, they pack each table with people, 5 different parties could be at one.Service was decent but a little slow. Cash only. Crab Pork Steamed Buns - $8.25 - The soup inside these xlb was perfect. The dumplings were plump and full of soup. The crab and pork blend was good. Scallion Pancake - $2.95 - Had decent crisp and green onion flavor. Came out all torn up though. Looked like the pieced together a bunch of pancakes and made a whole one. Not very appealing to look at.
One of Chinatown's great attractions!Last night the dude and I were restless and hungry and very happy to live near Chinatown so we hit up joes for some soup dumplings.If you don't already know, they're awesome here. If you don't order anything else, get some of those.Communal seating and classic Chinatown environment (don't expect to be waited on hand and foot but service is friendly and perfunctionary if a bit rushed-after all, there's always at least some wait here) reminded me of my visit to Hong Kong. Definitely a NYC favorite of mine.
Let me start by saying, if you mind sharing a table with strangers, this is not the place for you. Joe's only has 10 person round tables, which they fill up, so unless you are a party of 10, you're sharing a table. But if that doesn't bother you, then by all means, if you are in Chinatown, you have to come to Joe's. And yes, the soup dumplings are famous for a reason. I am glad the the other people at our table got theirs before us, because there's a technique to eating them. I don't know how many they make a day, but the nine people at our table had 48. We also had the Shanghai fried rice and the crispy whole fish. The rice was good, not greasy like the kind you get at  many take-out  places. Simple, with egg and scallions. The crispy fish was cooked well. The menu says it's spicy, but it wasn't at all. I don't know if they made it less spicy for us because I asked how spicy it is. He said medium, but it wasn't . So a pot of tea, 8 dumplings, a platter of rice and a whole fish for $41 pre tip. Not bad. Oh, by the way, it's cash only. My daughter said the next time we're in New York we have to go back to Joe's. And, oh yes, we definitely will.
This review is for the soup dumplings PLUS some of the side dishes we ordered. Been here 3 times. Soup dumplings: 5/5-So I'm from LA and I'm Taiwanese, and the first time I had Joe's dumplings I was blown away. A good way of describing their dumplings is that I love them, young people love them, non-Asians love them, but your Asian parents and especially your grandparents who grew up in Taiwan / HK / etc might not especially like them because it's kind of heavy. We all liked the pork better because the taste is more uniform and it felt less oily. It definitely fills you up, so for $7 a pop, these are a great deal.-Joes vs DTF / "Traditional" dumplings: The dumplings are huge compared to what I'm used to, such as those in Din Tai Fung, which are small bite sized pieces that fit on your spoon with some yummy soup inside. Here, however, the amount of pork or crab-pork in there is very generous, and I feel like I'm actually DRINKING soup along with every dumpling. It's great. -Joes vs Nan Xiang in Flushing: The skin to me tasted better and thinner than Nan Xiang's, but it's definitely heavier and oilier Other food: 3/5Once we ordered the chow mein, salt and pepper fish, and an eggplant dish. I didn't like the noodles or the fish because it definitely tasted very heavy and oily. The fish was a little under seasoned and wasn't great quality, especially for the price tag. The eggplant was pretty good and traditional. If I had to rate it from your parent's home cooked meal, to PF Chang's asian styled american food, I would rate this in the middle, kind of like panda express. FYI:If you're here with a small party, probably 2-4, you may be seated at the same table as other guests. This is just how it is at many HK dim sum places, so my friend from HK told me. Don't be alerted. Be prepared to wait 1hr during rush hours. All in all, the dumplings are great but the other (very limited) dishes I've had were nothing to rave about. If you like heavier flavored food, Joe's would be a great place. Otherwise, Nan Xiang tastes a little lighter and cleaner.
Not impressed the second time around. Was there about 3 years ago and the soup dumplings were delicious. This time around the broth was salty as all hell and over reduced. Also most of them were stuck together making it a nightmare to get apart without breaking. And here's my main tip if you go here. Try the soup dumplings if you must but do not even dare ordering any dishes unless you like throwing your money away. It's clear they are hanging their hat on the mediocre dumplings and everything else is given absolutely no effort. There's much better places to spend your hard earned money.
As for me I don't like this place-- it looks like a cheap not very clean diner. We came at 1pm and had to share a circular table. I ordered my favorite orange chicken and it was not very good but not bad. The only thing that I liked was the pork dumpings. Also the restroom looked very dirty and there was a sign near the sink that said some man peed there, I think staff must do the cleaning work better. P.S. be careful they put the tip in a bill.
I love this place. The soup dumplings are so good, the pork and crabs ones are the best! I'm sure this is like 1000 calories but it's worth it. When I'm working in NYC and my friend come to visit I always take them here and they all love it! Even picky eaters love it here! All the other food is good too but I could just come here for the soup dumps! Make sure to bring cash!!!
Amazing dumplings!! Service was good and enjoyed the food. Went with a group of 4 so we all sat at 1 table and ordered things to share. We had scallion pancakes (awesome), dumpling (my favorite), shredded beef in a sweet sauce, green beans, and a chicken dish :). Good food and quick service!!
I dropped by for a quick bite cause I was in the area. I had low expectations because I expected this place to be very touristy, and I wasn't disappointed. The crab XLB tasted very average. Crab tasted kind of fake for some reason and the skin was too thick and chewy for my liking. The green onion pancake was pretty decent albeit quite oily. Bill already included 15% gratuity. Cash only. Would not come back again. There are plenty of other places with better XLB.
Joe's Shanghai has the best xiao long baos ever!I have never said that about a xiao long bao, and I might not ever say that ever again for another restaurant. Thanks to a recommendation from a friend who came here a few months prior, I'm glad I made the stop here for dinner. Came in around 6pm, and my friend and I were seated immediately. Because we're a small party in a trendy restaurant, naturally the servers would seat us at a big table to share with other customers. The restaurant has that typical Chinese restaurant setup, which I'm glad because a lot of popular restaurants would have probably conformed to a more modern look.My friend and I shared the crab and pork soup dumplings.YES, THEY CAME. Everything came out hot and fresh, and was just YES. Not even a dollar per dumpling, AND the dumplings were filled to the max with flavorful soup? How could anyone resist?! Even adding a piece of ginger and some vinegar sauce on the side made it delicious. I was extremely satisfied with solely the taste. It's hard to find really good XLBs like these too.WARNING: Soup is burning hot inside so be careful not to take a huge bite.Made. My. Day.
I love xiao long baos and Joe's are probably the best I have tried. Whenever I am in NYC, I will make my way out here just for the soup filled dumplings.I haven't really tried anything else aside from the XLBs, but the XLBs are absolutely amazing. A lot of places, the XLBs either have too much dough or not enough soup.Joe's dumplings are moist and filled with delicious soup, with the right meat and dough ratio. It comes out piping hot and soothing for the stomach. I love this place and every time I am in NYC I have to come at least once.
Cash only. Came here on the insistence of a friend who is a die-hard Joe's fan. I was kind of freaked out by the C hygiene rating (From Serious Eats: A letter grade of 'C' indicates more than 28 health code violations. For instance, sanitation violations at this level sound like "Evidence of mice or live mice present in facility's food and/or non-food areas;" "Hand washing facility not provided in or near food preparation area and toilet room;" or "Food item spoiled, adulterated, contaminated or cross-contaminated.")There's often a wait, you get a deli-style-number and wait to be called, you're often sat at tables with other guests. When you're seated, you'll be given hot tea and asked if you want to order the dumpling they're famous for while you choose other food from the menu. Choose from pork or crab, we had pork. The steamer basket comes out promptly with 8 plump dumplings filled with a savory broth and meat filing. Pick up a dumpling and place it in your soup spoon. Nibble a small hole or poke a hole with your chopstick and slurp out the hot broth. Very tasty. We also ordered a hot chicken dish with cucumber which sounds weird but was actually my favorite part of lunch. The scallion pancake was tasty. Flat friend Shanghai noodles were fine, nothing memorable. I would probably visit again but I'd like to see the hygiene rating improve. For what it's worth, none of us got sick :)
Hands down the best xiao long boas in NYC. At $6 for 8 they're cheap, but delicious. We ordered two orders of xiao long boas (pork and crab) and a scallion pancake for two people and we were stuffed.  While the crab xioa long baos were good, the pork ones are the best.
Dined here while we visited NY since my husband loves soup dumplings and Joe's Shanghai is known for them. I was actually very disappointed this time around. We got the pork & crab dumplings, pork dumplings, chicken fried rice and general tso's chicken. Nothing tasted spectacular. The dumplings were not the best this time around. We both recall them being amazing! The fried rice just okay, looked and tasted too wet though, not very authentic. Lastly, the general Yao's chicken. Typically I wouldn't have ordered this but my daughter's friend wanted it so we did. Chicken was a bit dry, sauce was tasty though. Wish we left satisfied :/
Joe's Shanghai is A-OK. Joe has been on my NYC to do for a while, and I got to experience it in all of it's glory on a Friday night.  I love that this place hasn't lost it's charm or been fully gentrified as it grew in popularity - the service isn't great, the menus are old and items are still spelled wrong but corrected with a few strokes of a Sharpie, and there is no ambiance.  I love it. We sat at a table of 6, and made friends with two Italian tourists who were visiting NYC for just a few days.  Love the communal seating arrangement.  Obviously the soup dumplings were ordered, and they were even more fantastic than I had imagined - $6.95 for 8? Sweet deal.  We also ordered some chicken dish, but it wasn't very memorable so I don't remember the name.  Our meal cost a total of $20 for two, and we could not find room in our bellies for anything else.  Except for the gratis orange slices that were presented to us with our check. Here's a good part of why I am subtracting two stars.  The Italian pair we made friends with had a bill of $78!!! That is an absurd cost for 2 at Joe's Shanghai - we paid $20.  They consulted with the waiter whether two entrees, and two orders of soup dumplings and two beers would be sufficient for the both of them - the waiter said yes, and had we of known we would have corrected him immediately.  I understand this can be a tourist trap and all, but the good person in me felt that was a bit unfair. Here is my CASH ONLY disclaimer.   We hopped over to Apotheke for a quality cocktail afterward, and recommend you do the same pre or post Joe's. Note - you can't bring your Joe's leftovers to Apotheke, no food allowed.
This place is awesome! I enjoyed the crab and pork soup dumplings, crispy beef and broccoli noodles, and crispy duck! I came here late on a Monday night and the place was packed (which is a good sign) This place takes cash only! Everything was delicious! I would love to return to try other things!
Slurp Slurp.The dumplings are literally made for Giants, or persons of really big mouths. I wished i took a picture of the dumpling placed on the spoon so you can see how enormous it was. But trust me, they're huge! I get disappointed a lot by XLB at almost every restaurants I've been to because 1) its too dry to be called a XLB or 2) its not meaty and flavorful.  However, cravings were definitely satisfied here! The dumplings (or what NY ppl refer to as buns) are full of flavor and broth!Between the two of us, we got the regular pork XLB and the crab XLB. If you're not a fan of roe, you wouldn't like the crab, but lucky for me.. I love roe and it was the best XLB I've ever had in my life. Din Tai Fung (from HK, LA, Seattle & the Bay Area) does not even come close to Joe's Shanghai. So glad that my best friend knew her way around and insisted that we arrive prior to opening time since the lines were starting to pile up. We got there ~15 mins earlier, and were the 10th party in line. Next time I'm in town, Joe, I'm coming for you!
Except for being an anchor in the heart of New York City's Chinatown, Joe's Shanghai was just your average Joe.Oh, the XLB are ok ... just far from amazing. Seriously, I've been to Shanghai several times. The XLB dumplings are so much better there (or in Taiwan) ... and even better in So Cal ... or Flushing. This can NOT be the best Xiao Long Bao that New York has to offer. Please tell me there are better XLB out there. Please.Ok, don't trust me? How about my wife? She was born and raised in Shanghai China. Her take is the same as moi: any Xiao Long Bao is better than none, but Joe's Shanghai XLB were just a-ok. There's nothing wrong with being an average Joe either. After about a 15 minute wait we were seated at a round table ... with another 2 couples and a single diner. Yep, 4 different parties sharing the same table. Luckily, they were nice and everyone was there with one thing on their mind: Xiao Long Bao. My wife and I shared a double order of Joe's famous steamed Pork and Crab XLB (Xiao Long Bao) and an order of fried egg rolls listed as Shanghai Spring Rolls on the menu. Three stars for the average Joe's Xiao Long Bao. Two stars for the Shanghai Spring Rolls. Two stars for the communal loud dining experience and two stars for rushed chaotic service. Unfortunately for Joe's Shanghai, Yelp ratings aren't cumulative cause that would make it a 9-star restaurant. Actually, I'm not even sure why it's getting 3 from me except I'm a sucker for any Xiao Long Bao ... even those from just your average Joe.
Overhyped. Always a long line. Waited approximately 20 minutes which is not that bad considering previous visits I've waited over an hour. Service is meh. Very cramped inside. Of the few times I've been there I had to share a table with another party..which made the dinner awkward. It felt more like a fast food restaurant than a family-style restaurant. The moment we were seated, a waiter came by to ask what we wanted to eat while we were still settling down with no chance of even opening the menu. As we were still deciding what to eat, the waiter came a few times before that too. We felt rushed. I also noticed on the walls they have autographs and photos of some famous Chinese celebrities. We ordered: 1. Shanghai stir-fried thick noodles w/ chicken - a bit too salty, noodles were nice and chewy2. Preserved veggie w/ meat thick noodle soup - my all-time favorite I always order at Shanghai restaurants. They use the preserved (possibly canned?) veggies (snow cabbage) which is dark green. I know it's preserved and should be dark green but because I've tried this at other restaurants that served the fresh green snow cabbage, I prefer the latter more. Just a personal preference, the dish itself is fine.3. Pork soup dumplings - the skin is a bit thicker than other places I've tried. Not as much soup as I expected - broth is kind of thick, but still tastes good.  I've eaten here a few times and probably won't be coming back on my own will since I prefer another Shanghai restaurant in the Chinatown area (Shanghai Cafe Deluxe on Mott St.). But I would still probably come if friends decide on this place in the future.
Overpriced, touristy soup dumpling. No need to waste your money here , the quality is just as good down the block at Shanghai manor!!! Get the crab and pork soup dumplings as well as the black truffle one of u wanna splurge a little. I did and I loved every bit of it!!! Also the Shanghai stir fried noodles and chow nin go is a must have too!
This is my favorite chinese anywhere. People are pricks, service sucks, but food is amazing. Especially the garlic sauce. And beef with black mushrooms and bamboo shoots.
Communal tables, cash-only, and screwy line system - this place is, HANDS DOWN, not my favorite place to be in. You come in, get a number, and wait outside with the masses. The annoying part was that they don't call the numbers in order, or at least that's what happened when I was there. The disorganization has nothing to do with your party size either. When you're finally called, you're seated with a bunch of strangers. I'm thankful to have been seated with two others on the half-table by the wall, but even then, they kept staring at us because they didn't know how to eat soup dumplings.The food here is pretty good and cheap considering the flavor and amount you get. I wouldn't say it's 4k+ 4-star reviews good, but still ok. Of course as everybody mentioned, the thing to get are the xiao long bao, or soup dumplings - but there are only two choices: pork or toilet. I mean, crabmeat. Obviously the crab one is my lesser favorite because of its fishy fishy broth, but it's ok! The pork one is cheaper so win-win!
Crowded as fuh.. . Filled with tourists and zero space between tables. We had to share a table or else stand around awkwardly waiting for one by the entrance. The soup dumplings were very good but a lot of places have good soup dumplings these days. What set this place apart from other Shanghainese was some of the other dishes. The giant meatballs had a great taste - I think consisting of worchister sauce and cumin. They were very tender and delectable. Just don't make the mistake of ordering Cantonese dishes here - the salt and pepper ribs were pretty mediocre. Prices are not exactly cheap for a hole in the wall crowded Chinese eatery but I'm happy for them to have "made it" with the tourist crowd. What's up with the "C" health inspection grade though?
Three stars.Pretty good soup dumplings. Very fattening, but sometimes you need that, especially on a cold winter night.Tip: If you go with a large party, you might end up waiting hours outside to get seated together. If your party don't mind splitting up in 2s or 3s, you get seated much quicker.Last time I was here, this place was rated B for their sanitary inspection. Not sure if this is true, but the restaurant within the same block under a different name is under the same management, with the inspection grade of A and no waiting lines. I'll update this review when I visit next time and find out more info. Till then, happy slurping!
Awesome restaurant and really cheap. I went on Chinese New Year, so It was jam packed at the restaurant and on the streets. I waited about an hour and 15 minutes to get inside, and you get to sit with other people because it was so packed. I thought that was cool because we made new friends and got some insight on what to order with another fellow yelper. The first thing we got were the Scallion Pancakes, which are very popular and delicious. Kind of tastes like a hash brown with a unique flavor and I loved it. The best part about it was they were only around $2. Not much food but well worth it for the price.Next dish that came were the spring rolls. This was the one thing not recommended and I would not either. It came with 2 small rolls, and they were not very big or that good personally. This is when I became skeptical about what I would give this place.That was until the soup dumplings came out. Known to be the best soup dumplings in New York, and they did not disappoint. Had a lot of flavor, and came with 8 dumplings. A must if you are coming here.Lastly, the shanghai pan fried noodles were my make it or break it 4 or 5 star review. And they were also exquisite. I loved both the texture and the flavor, and I 100% understood why reviews raved about them. This was also a must order at this restaurant. Overall this was an awesome experience and a very cool little Chinese Restaurant. I loved the fact that you got to sit with others and make new friends. Also, last tip of advice, they wont come to you to order, you have to wave them down. Would definitely come back here if I come back to Chinatown! All this (4 plates) was only $25 and filled up me and my buddy.
I think I was supposed to like this place more than I did or maybe soup dumplings just are not my thing. CASH ONLY establishment. Friendly takeout and it takes 15 minutes to get the dumplings to go. Soup dumplings are 8.95 for a nice portion.
For this place, you just gotta forget about the decor, the service, and the ambiance. Why? Because it's a Chinese place right in Chinatown that serves some pretty seriously delicious soup dumplings. And Chinese service is most of the time, pretty bad. Have you been to a dimsum place before? It's just the culture. There's so many people in there and waiting outside for their food they gotta turn them table quick. Been here many times throughout the years and this place never let me down on the taste of the food. Soup dumplings always come out piping hot. My favorite is the crab pork soup dumplings. I also get a fried rice dish that I can't remember the name of in English but it has all the meats in there plus shrimp and egg. The scallion pancakes are pretty good too.All in all its an awesome place to go for some good soup dumplings and don't be surprised if there is a long wait time.
Although this place is crowded and they sit you with strangers, I definitely enjoy the xiao lung bao! Perhaps the best one I've had so far. Big and super juicy with thick soup! Just to let you know, you have to get a number if you want to be seated. Then they will call you when they are ready.I had the xlb, pork buns, wonton soup, noodles ... basically a lot! When I came back to dallas, man, I miss this place! Can't compare at all.will be back!
Many believe that Joe's Shanghai has the best soup dumplings in New York City. Personally, I like the soup dumplings at Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao (38-12 Prince St, Flushing, NY 11354) in Flushing slightly more. Nevertheless, I would not argue with anyone that goes with Joe's. Their soup dumplings are legitimately that good. While the dumplings are definitely the star dishes, the other dishes are very solid too. I really enjoy the cold cut meats and jelly fish as another appetizer. The rice cake entrée dishes are excellent. The pan fried noodles are very good too.Joe's has two more locations: one in midtown Manhattan and the other in Flushing. I have been to the midtown location many times. Of course, it is more expensive because it is midtown. In addition, the Pell Street location has the better food. It is usually packed and there I usually a wait. Joe's Ginger is on the same block. It is not affiliated and the food is not comparable. As a result, I would either wait for Joe's Shanghai's soup dumplings or abstain from soup dumplings. From personal experience, I have eaten at Joe's Ginger, confused it for Joe's Shanghai, and sullied the good name of Joe's Shanghai by saying it was overrated.If you are looking for recommendations for good Asian food in New York, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my personal list in the city, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.
What an awesome dining experience. As we turned the corner on Pell street we know the people standing on the side walk was waiting for their number to be called for a taste of the famous soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, fried rice, and other dishes. We walked past the crowd out side and went inside for a number. We were number 70 they were currently calling number 41. Less than 20 minutes later we heard number 70 and it was like being called on the stage for the Price is Right Game show. Once we were seated our waiter came over with fresh hot tea and asked if we will be having the soup dumplings. Of course we were having them!!!!! The dumplings were amazing!! The dough was perfect and the pork, and crab was very well prepared. The soup broth was super yummy inside the dumpling. This will place will always be on my list of stops when I'm in NYC.
I was starving while in Chinatown and stumbled across Joe's. I only wanted to try the soup dumplings and I am so glad that I did. They were sooooooo delicious that it completed ruined all my other soup dumplings experiences at other restaurants while in New York. The dumplings are good size and the price is great. I will definitely be going back when in NYC.
While in NYC with family and friends, we visited this highly recommended restaurant and were blown away!  Great food and the family style seating was so much fun.  My favorites:  Soup Dumplings, scallion pancakes, Shanghai pan fried noodles... So much flavor in every dish we tried. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Enjoy it!!
This place is all it's talked up to be. You must get the soup dumplings and eat them first. They are best fresh and not worth taking for later. The green beans were delicious and the pan fried noodles were very good. The place is small and you have to share a table with other people, but the great thing about that is that the people you share the table with sometimes leave you their leftovers!
Came with a family 6 and the food was delicious! We had peking duck, soup, shredded beef and scallops
This place rocks! Awesome Chinese.   The must have were the long bao, the noodles were thick and every bit of deliciousness,  and the fried fish was good also.   We came here twice during our 5 day visit.   We loved this place and was better than anything I've had at other China towns across the country.
Positive:1. Food is excellent. I only tried crab/pork dumplings as most people reviewed about it on yelp. 2. Pepper fried duck was good too. 3. Service is quick. No bull shit. Negative:1. They do not have any dumpling without pork. Even the crab dumpling comes with pork. So if you do not eat pork, forget the dumplings. 2. Only cash accepted. 3. Overcrowded(due to popularity) 4. Tables are shared amongst strangers, so do not expect privacy
Their soup dumplings are amazing . However they had a C rating last time i went. My understanding of C means roaches rodents and food left out in improper temperatures. If they would just keep their place clean then maybe the food will be trust worthy enough to enjoy. I do like their pan fried noodles . But i will not go bAck until that letter is A
okay... anyone who knows chinese food needs to go here. Growing up in Southern California and living off of the food in Chinatown, I can tell you that this is by far one of the better places to go! There is usually a long wait for the food, so put your name in and go down the street to get a drink (just make sure to remember how many groups are in front of you!)Get the Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings) - they are so good and comparable to Ding Tai Fung. They are so good that it is worth the wait.
This place is definitely a tourist destination - and if you're a local like myself you know there are far more better dim sum / Shanghai places.With that said, the highlights for me were the soup dumplings. Which again, were good, but I've had others that were great.I LOVED their chicken fried rice. They gave so much, definitely enough to share for 2-4 people and be satisfied. I don't know if it's the seasoning, or what to put my finger on - but it's delicious and probably the best fried rice I've ever had.Didn't really care for the pan fried noodles. I got the beef option - and the beef and broccoli in the brown sauce was delicious - but the pan fried noodles were thick and became soggy because of the sauce. And instead of absorbing it and being packed with flavor - they become chewy and less desirable. PS. this place is cash only! heads up.
The Chinatown restaurant that put Soup dumplings on the map, but are they the best?My bf and I arrived at Joe's on a rainy morning, but they were still pretty busy; not surprising. We were seated at a round table with complete strangers (normal but totally awkward). Service was very straightforward and easy. Of course, we ordered the famous soup dumplings. Placed it on our soup spoon, pinched off the top, let it cool, and downed the dumpling, soup and all. It was very tasty and I do believe they deserve the good business, but in my honest opinion, it wasn't the over the top crave-worthy soup dumplings I was expecting. Overhyped? Maybe just a little.I know of some spots in Flushing that deserve more recognition, but Joe's definitely was satisfying so I'll give credit where credit's due.
This place was ok. The soup dumplings were good but just your average soup dumpling . (All Soup Dumplings are good) The Kung pao chicken was a bit of a let down because it didn't have much flavor. A little bit of a letdown because it wasn't that great despite the rave reviews.
Best in NY? Hardly. 2.5 stars but I'll bump up to 3 cause it wasn't all around horrible. My friend and I went here on a Saturday morning and were awkwardly sharing a large communal table. Just a warning for the odd sized parties - this could also be you.Here's the breakdown:1. CASH ONLY.2. Turnip cake - not what I was expecting exactly. You need to drench it in soy sauce for it to really be good. It felt like was missing something.3. Scallion pancake - emphasis on the pancake. It was overly thin and filled with grease.4. Soup dumplings (crab and pork/pork) - more thick dumpling dough than soup and filling. It was overly bland. The service is standard for a crowded dim sum spot. They serve you when you ask for something and are trying to clean our room as quickly as possible. I wouldn't come back here for dim sum. It's all hype, not worth it,
ordered Xiao Lung Boa, Guotie (fried dumpling), chicken in wine sauce, beef noodle soup. About 35 bucks.It's jumbo size Xiao Lung Boa, juicy, as expected good.The fried dumpling was very good, like the crispy pastry.The beef was made authentic, a tiny touch of spicy, noodle was soft.Noodle will be good for kids, if they made the soup non spicy, even better.There was an adorable toddler sitting in my table, customer sharing big table during lunch.Chicken in wine sauce, u must try the wing first, the chicken breast are good, just not as good as the wings. :pthumbs up.my friends said at least 10 times "the food is good" during the meal. It was that good.
Must try:- soup dumplings- shanghai noodles- scallion pancakesEven if you don't want anything else, you can get multiple orders of the above and still come out happy!It's community seating so you'll probably share a table with other patrons. Don't worry, it's not (that) weird :)
A must visit in China Town!  Of the best "soup dumplings" you'll find in NYC.  Be prepared to wait for a table!  However, the wait can be pretty quick if those enjoying at a table are conscious of the wait and don't hog up the table for a long time.  I was introduced to Joe's by a friend, and now we recommend it to everyone visiting looking for some great Chinese food.
Went two nights in a row. I have been dreaming about the soup dumplings. Just know that if you are going solo or in a small group you will most likely be sat with other people at a large table. Was awkward but then I made friends!
I went here with my boyfriend and his family so there was 5 of us and we waited around 10-15 minutes which wasn't too bad for a Sunday around noon. We were seated with another group of 3 people which is a little strange and awkward sitting with other people but you could always make friends that way. We got both types of soup dumplings and I preferred the beef. The soup was really flavorful and the consistency of the dumpling was really good. The waiters were pretty helpful although they were running around a lot.
Soup dumplings are probably my favorite food and I have to say these are some of the best I've ever had! The rest of the food I got was equally delicious.
Visiting a friend in the wonderful city of New York and had to make our way to Chinatown. Letting the power of yelp and hunger of our stomaches lead us here!  We waited what felt like forever (45+Mins) to finally be seated with our new family (strangers). What has me amazed is while reviewing my fellow yelpers I don't recall the system they use to sit you down at this place being mentioned... however all in all it was a fun experience and the food was good. The  (pork) soup dumplings are a must and (chicken) lo mein was authentic and so yummy! As for anything else I'm not won over...  the fried rice was ohhkayyy. I've had better and we tried one other dish that was not liked by ANY of the girls...
Dumplings are my all time favorite food, and I consider dumplings to be their own food group. These are *some of the best xiao long baos (soup dumplings)* I've ever had. Upon planning to visit NYC, a couple friends, and friends of friends, recommended I come here. While eating, I overheard a group at another table saying they were from over seas, and they made a point to come to Joe's to get their fix. I've concluded, this place is the dumpling destination in NYC...one might even say pilgrimage. With that said, I don't think there's much to say that hasn't already been said about Joe's. An unassuming name, but wildly delicious and reasonably priced. TIPS+ Order the xiao long baos (note: the soup is super rich and leans towards the fatty side). + Cash only! +Be prepared to wait.+ Seating is family style so you will likely be seated next to other parties.
Honestly I would give it zero stars if I could. We traveled out of our way to go to this restaurant based on all the rave reviews.Service: The service was horrendous. As soon as we walked in we were rushed to a table and the seating style is where you are seated with other patrons which is totally fine. As we were looking through the menu the waiter came by and was rushing us to order. we told him we were not ready. I asked a question about an item on the menu and again he rushed me to order. He explained that the vegetable stirfry was a mixture of vegetables but he did this in a way where he was yelling the items. Food: The food was abysmal. When the veggie stirfry came out all it was was very very greasy pile of spinach and nothing else. It was not at all how he described in his yelling description. When I explained the waiter that the veggie stirfry was not like he described he told us too bad and he would not take it back. The soup dumplings were nothing to write home about at all.  They were mushy and did not taste good. I saw the other people seated at our table not finish their food either.I would absolutely not recommend this place because the service and the food are very much below Chinese food standards. It was a waste of money and afterwards we were still hungry and had to go to another restaurant to eat lunch.
Joe's Shanghai has been my favorite go-to spot for soup dumplings in Chinatown. If it's a weekend, get ready to wait excessive amounts of time for a seat at a shared table with some happy strangers where you can enjoy some of the best xiao long bao (soup dumplings) with fellow food lovers.There's still that ongoing argument about where the best xiao long bao are in Manhattan, but rest assured you've found it. A perfect balance of flavor in every bite! If you haven't eaten these dumpling shaped gems before, take a peak around the table of your fellow foodies for an example. You'll surely need your spoon and chopsticks for this one. Trust me, you won't want to lose any of the scrumptious soup inside these dumplings by taking a sloppy bite. I typically stick with the pork xiao long bao, which comes 8 to an order.  It's usually the perfect amount for two people, but don't feel bad if you need to order a second! The staff seems to pump out xiao long bao faster than anything else in the kitchen. You may need to grab someone's attention however, as it always seems to be hectic with waiters running about. Some other favorites of mine are their scallion pancakes - 1 pancake per order, cut into 6 pieces makes a good appetizer. I also enjoy the tofu dishes with veggies, they are still very tasty but offer a lighter dish option. Things to remember...- Bring cash! As with many places in Chinatown, they are cash only- When it's crowded, you will need to wait outside with your paper number. They will come out and check to see if your party is still there every once in a while, and remove people from the list if they walk off (so it helps to have at least one person in your party waiting)- You will likely sit with a table full of strangers, which can be fun as long as you are friendly! (You can request to wait longer for a private table, but there are only a few so it will be a very long wait)
Love it!!! Dumplings are awesome!!Shredded beef was great, spring rolls great.. shrimp fried rice great!
We finally got to try their very well known pork and crab steamed buns. Wow! The flavor is amazing and definitely not what I expected. I noticed that the wait was long to dine in so I ordered togo! I only waited about 15 minutes.
I love this place! The soup dumplings are amazing. They're huge compared to others I've had and very tasty! I tried both pork and pork with crab and I think I liked the regular pork a little bit better but both were very good. I also had the crispy beef special which had an orange sauce on it. It was also very good but a little bit sweet.
I still think Din Tai Fung has the best soup dumplings but this place comes in close behind
Their service is so much better in the morning. They open at 11, i got there at 11:05 and half the restaurant was already full. Always expect to share a table with another party unless you have 6, which you'll fill up a whole table yourself. Left at 12:10 and by then, there were 8-10 parties on the waiting list. So COME EARLY. They're also more polite earlier in the day. Cash only.
I had an order of crab meat XLB ($8.25 for 8), which looked like pork XLBs ($6.25 for 8). They skimped on the crab and mixed in powdered crustacean shell to enhance the flavor. I had to ask if I were having the crab meat XLB and the staff said yes, with a peculiar look. For "the XLB experience" in general, go for pork XLBs instead - for $2 less. Just as flavorful and give you room for dessert (egg custards at an area bakery). Ask for extra sauce cups to catch the soup, as you delve into an XLB.Look carefully at the receipt - 15% service charge is already there.If you are into more "crab meat" and not mostly pork in your crab meat XLBs, go to Nan Xiang XLB in Queens. If they are still making XLBs like they did two years ago, it's worth the trip.
This place has one of the biggest and juiciest xiao long bao I have ever had. We ordered pork soup dumplings, pork and crab soup dumplings, vegetable lo mein, and shanghai noodle soup. My favorite was the pork soup dumpling; the skin was thin yet it still held onto the soup very well. The vegetable lo mein and shanghai noodle soup was okay. If I come here again, I would stick to the xiao long bao.
5 star dumplings 2 star service5 star value.Let's face it, you're not coming to joes Shanghai for a romantic quiet dining experience. If you're like me you want get get here, shove some quality dumplings in ur face, and then be on your way. The pork soup dumplings were literally mind blowing. The crab soup dumplings weren't too far behind. Be prepared to wait and don't even think you're getting seated without ur full party there. Do not expect a friendly staff. Do expect to feel satisfied when you leave. 2 other things to note: cash onlyTo my long haired ladies, beware that ur hair doesn't dip into the soup from the dumplings. The feeling it leaves you with later on is quite unpleasant.
Not really sure where to start here...obviously this place is extremely well rated, but I guess I had high hopes. I will say it was a 100% authentic Chinatown experience from start to finish, but I've definitely had better!Came here on a Sunday around lunch time so there was obviously a wait - we put our name down and waited about an hour (although they only said 30 min). You wait outside and listen for your number to be called. They have some seating outside but barely and it's a pretty busy street, especially when cars go by (the sidewalk is extremely narrow).Once we were seated, the service was pretty slow. It was communal seating and 8 of us (tables are for 10), but we actually had 2 parties of 1 sitting with us, which was surprising. They ended up chatting the entire time and when one didn't realize it was cash only, the other paid for his entire meal, which was so sweet and heartwarming to see. We ordered the soup dumplings which is what they're known for, which had a lot of flavor but were extremely messy to eat! The spoons that they had for them only fit about half the dumpling, so you ended up with soup all over your plate. It comes with 8 dumplings though, so that was definitely a deal. We also got the scallion pancakes, which, although not quite what they traditionally should be, were fantastic. The menu overall was pretty hard to navigate and didn't have many descriptions, so it was hard to know what you were getting. I ended up having better luck looking through the Yelp photos and asking what the pictures were and ordering based off of that. I ended up getting the fried Shanghai noodles, which were good but didn't have a ton of flavor. Ended up pouring sauce all over it to help! In general, nothing felt really clean and it was kind of a circus, but I guess that's part of the experience! Also, cash only, so be prepared) although you could easily have a full meal including tax and tip for under $10! I'd recommend coming with a group so that you can try a bunch of different things, but just note it's not super easy to get seated!The one thing that REALLY grossed me out was the C rating. I know there is controversy over how those are earned, but at a place that already feels very grimy to begin with, definitely left feeling nauseous just knowing it had a C. Hopefully they'll work on fixing it, but it seems like they had a enough business and are so highly rated that it clearly isn't affecting business much so who knows how important it is to them!
TL;DR: Shanghainese girl is not pleased with their pork XLB's. Also their twice-cooked pork "hui guo rou" (also not Shanghainese???) and the rest of their menu is not legit at all.SERVICE: Well-staffed, but since it's always busy/crowded, I get that it won't be perfect.FOOD: If you're looking for non-authentic Chinese food because you have a Western palette or don't really care to find real Shanghainese food, this is the spot for you.The place is called Joe's SHANGHAI, but when I looked at the menu, I could barely find anything other than the XLB's that made me miss the motherland. I was pretty disappointed, but decided to try the XLB's because I wanted to give them a chance.Going in, I knew their XLB's weren't supposed to be authentic, but it didn't even taste good. It was packed with heavy flavor, but lacked depth. The meat wasn't soft and juicy, it was like a hard meatball. The skin was okay, but not thin enough. I dropped my dumpling (rookie move) and it didn't break.There was a Shanghainese family sitting across from us, I think visiting from out of town. They ordered twice-cooked pork, string beans, and kung pao chicken (all not Shanghainese dishes btw, these are the classic dishes my parents and I order when we realize we got duped). Their faces when the food came out though, it looked something like this~  :|Also the people there, let's just say I saw mainly chicken & broccoli, sesame chicken, and orange chicken come out of the kitchen. Real adventurous bunch.Overall, L O L.
Just to give anyone interested in Joe's Shanghai a forewarning. This place has a C rating, but surprisingly this restaurant was packed. Not a seat left open.The service is that of what you would expect in Chinatown. It's rough around the edges in regards to manners, but you should be used to that given that you've made it this far downtown. The soup dumplings are the only thing to get here. My friend and I rounded out the menu with the Soup Dumplings, a vegetable dish, a seafood dish, and a pork Dish. They were all just OK, nothing great to rave about. The Soup dumplings were great, but severely lacking something. I can't put my finger on what it was. 15% gratuity is included and this place is cash only.
I've been coming to Joe's Shanghai for quite sometime although I've never really tried their soup dumplings (weird.. I know), until recently, when I started eating pork again. Boy, was I missing out! I am a huge fan of their crab meat soup dumplings. Perfect amount of meat, broth, & the skin was not too thick. I've also tried their vegetable fried rice and stir fry Shanghai noodles. Portions are generous. & the meal itself is extremely affordable. Be aware that most likely you'll have to wait/share a table with strangers but it's totally worth it! SOUP DUMPLINGS are a MUST!!
Really great soup dumplings!! Try the crab and pork dumplings - will warm you up and fill your soul with love! Definitely recommend!
I LOVE Joe's Shanghai. Must order the soup dumplings and scallion pancakes.  Kung pow chicken  and shrimp Lo Mein are also great. One of my favorite spots in Chinatown!
Very nice stuff Joe.  I've been hearing for so long about how good the soup dumpers are.  Now that there isn't a line out the door I finally get to try them. They really are delicious . Got lo Mien baby bokchoy tea seafood noodles and it was fun.  Blah blah blah.  Thanks Joe.  Also thank you to the wait staff.
We got here on a weekday lunch time and didn't have to wait for a table of 7! Perfect timing because the restaurant was busy but we got here just in time. We had to share a big table with another party though but that was totally fine.Everything we ordered was quite delicious.1. We ordered two juicy pork dumplings. It was a perfect amount to share amongst us. If you compare this to dtf, these are wayyyyy bigger. That means more juice inside the dumplings. The only thing is, you need to get used to picking the dumplings up and onto your plate. My first two attempts were unsuccessful and i disappointedly had to eat them without as much juice left inside. Regardless, it was still delicious!. I love the dumplings with a lot of vinegar and ginger so don't hesitate asking the waiter for more!2. The mapo tofu without meat was also really good as well. there wasn't really anything that went wrong with this meal. Even without the meat, it had a lot of delicious flavor.3. The minced pork noodle came with a lot of pork on top. Make sure you mix it around before putting it on your plate. It is pretty saucey. The noodle is different from other places I had this dish from. This place comes with a slightly thicker whiter noodle.. which is pretty good. 4. The green onion pancake was a very small portion in an order but the crisp of it was perfect and the flavor was very aromatic with the onion cooked into it.. slightly different from other places I had these pancakes from. This place was quite delicious! But there are so many Chinese restaurants in this Chinatown area, I would want to explore the other restaurants even though I would also come back here in a heartbeat.
So good and the 15 min wait was nothing. Get the steamed pork buns and dumplings.
I always have a craving for Shanghai food every other week. If I could I would eat it every week! I've been going to Joe Shanghai since I was a little kid and I loved it! Their staple item are their soup dumplings which is usually number one and two on their menu. I always order both the crab meat and also the pork since I'm always with a group we usually always devour the soup dumplings. Be careful not to have all the soupy goodness spill! Their scallion pancakes are always so crispy and good. I always like to dip it in their vinegar sauce or the sauce that comes with their fried pork dumplings. These fried dumplings aren't like the ones you get at a dollar dumpling spot because the sauce that comes with it makes it a million times better! For souls I always opt for the hot and sour soup. If you never had it before it's different but in a good way. It's spicy so be careful! If you wanted to opt for something not spicy their chicken soup with corn is good but a little basic. For vegetables I love getting their eggplant or string beans! I don't know what is it but the way they cook their eggplant is so good especially with the sauce they add. It's a little spicy but it's not terrible! I can never handle spicy but this was bearable. For noodle and rice dishes my favorite are their Shanghai noodles and fried rice cake! Those choices never let me down and it comes on a pretty big portion to share with a group. For rice dishes I always opt for their Singapore chow mei fun. It's a little spicy to beware but it's delicious! The only downside is that they don't have fun smoothie drinks or bubble tea. They have soda, tea, and beer so you'll have some options. But the service is very quick although it might be annoying to flag someone down when you need a water refill but they're very quick with taking your order. This place also gets super crowded during dinner so you might be waiting for a while. During lunch time on the weekdays it's not terribly crowded.
All these years I've been around Chinatown, I've recently tried Joe's Shanghai TWICE. It's sad, I know but the two times I went, I had good experiences. Both times I went with two other people. The first time, the wait was probably 5-10 minutes because it was during lunch time, and the second time we were seated as soon as we got there (it was during 5-6pm, before dinner time hits).The food were great both times! Bc we ordered the Shanghai chives and shrimp with meat wonton in broth. My friend and i fell in loveeee with this dish. The bowl was filled with wontons for the price of $8.25. It was very worth it. The famous xiao long bao were great both times but the second time I went, they were poorly presented as supposed to the first time. They were still delicious though. I liked how the dough of the baos were more thicker than the usual place I go to on Elizabeth St., but my friend begged to differ - oh well, we all have different taste. They were also large in orders of 8 xiao long baos - as compared to the Elizabeth Streets' Shanghai restaurant. The service were good both times as well. I would definitely come back as a regular! Especially for those wontons.. yum! And stay in a small group. Seems to me, it's harder for a large group to get a seat.
This review will also be jumping on the soup dumpling hype train that Joe's Shanghai so rightfully deserves.On top of the raving reviews already placed here, I'd like to add one more note about the soup dumplings: even if you are a baby in chopstick using years, the likelihood of you getting dumpling to face while retaining soup in said dumpling has gone up 100% because the top of the dumplings are rather firm and the skin is thick enough that if you pull gently but firmly, you will be rewarded with soup galore.Trust me, if you're going on a first date and you're going with someone who knows their chopsticks but you're not prepared for that chopsticks interview but you still want to pass off as somewhat knowledgeable of good food in NYC, order those soup dumplings so that 1) the most awkward part of the date is not that you don't have a table to yourself to create intimacy but it's that you might make a fool of yourself with lack of chopsticks skills but it turns out 2) any type of wiggling chopsticks will still get those dumplings where they need to be: your stomach, 3) your date will be so distracted by how fabulous the soup dumplings taste that your date won't even notice you struggling to convert dumpling to mouth, and 4) you haven't gone to the ATM in weeks but these dumplings are $7-10 for 8 per order and you had $20 in your pocket anyway so phew! you got this. Second date in the bag. Now go get ramen.
Came here with the bf and we ordered lots of crab xlb and pork xlb. Also got the Shanghainese fried noodles and scallion pancake. The crab xlb is definitely the best we've ever had and we've tried many places. The pork was just okay and I probably wouldn't get it again bc the crab is that good. Expect a wait and to share tables with strangers if you are a small party. Alsooo cash only.
This restaurant is completely overrated. Their food is not authentic at all and most dishes were "fake" Chinese food. The skin of the soup dumplings was broken when they came to our table and all the soup leaked out. What's the pointe of soup dumplings if there's no soup inside?! If you want some authentic soup dumplings, go to other restaurants in Chinatown like Shanghai Asian Cuisine or Noodle Village. They are much better.
The best Xiao Long Bao I've ever had. Visited NY two weeks ago, visited Joe's twice. The XLB was amazing! Big and juicy, very tasty. I'm a big XLB fan, after visiting Joe's Shanghai, Ding Tai Fung is no longer my favorite place to have XLB. Find no where to eat the best XLB at Los Angles. Definitely come back. Highly recommend!
The dumplings here were so so so juicy and delicious. The dumplin skin was also not too thick. We got there at around 10:00 pm, which was perfect because there was no line, and we were seated immediately. The waiters were very fast and our food came within 10 minutes. You'll probably be placed at a big table that is shared with a few other parties, but everyone minds their own business so it's not really an issue. It's very packed and busy though, so probably not the best place to go for a date.
Don't be fooled by all the reviews, the meal and the atmosphere was awful. When you go in they simply jam you into any seats that are available with other people. The staff is completely indifferent and only or in a hurry feeder order so you can get up and get out. Don't think that you're going to Chinatown for something special  or home flavor, this place is really bad.
O EM GEEEEE!!! This place has THE BEST soup dumplings ever!!!We ordered soup dumplings, crispy duck, and some sort of noodle! The noodles were tasty but on the spicy side! The duck however, was cooked to perfection! The meat was so moist and tender it would melt in your mouth, and yet the skin was so crispy it could utterly satisfies any crunchy lovers thirst for that crispy chipsy texture!!The soup dumplings are to die for, the soup inside is SOOOO tasty you wish you could just ask for a bowl of that on the side!!! The dumpling fillings are perfectly seasoned and are throughly cooked! In fact next time I go there I might just stick with the dumplings and get 3 orders of that! If I remember right there are 4 or 6 dumplings in one order, perfect to share as an appetizer, but you'll probably need more than one set if you are having it as the main dish!Anywaaayyy, are you on your way yet?!!! ^_^
Bring cash, they don't accept credit/debit. Their Shao-Lum-bao is incredible. I also loved their Singapore noodle dish. Spicey cabbage wasn't spicey at all. Service is fast. Sitting at community tables isn't ideal, but I got over it.
My bf and I came around 8:30PM and there were about 25-30 people waiting outside. That's how you know a place is poppin lol We actually didn't have to wait very long. When we got there, we found out it was a CASH ONLY (poor planning on our part). No worries, Chase Bank is less than 5 minute walk around the block. By the time we came back, we waited about 15 minutes and we were wondering how the receptionist was calling out a herd of people to be seated. Finally, they called us in and we found out they seat you with different people in big round tables. Our table was filled with cool people so our experience was great, but I assume if you have an annoying stranger sitting next to you, that could also make or break your experience.Food we ordered:Pork + Crab soup dumplings 5/5It's what they're known for, just oder it. Comes in 8 pieces. Recommend eating it with the soup spoon unless you want the extremely hot liquid to burst in your mouth.Scallion pancake 5/5I've tried several scallion pancakes here in LA (usually at kkbq places) and WOW, this is THE BEST!!!  Had to order it twice :)Crispy beef noodle 4/5When I order this dish in LA Chinese food restaurants, the usually serve it with crispy yellow noodles. Here, they use crispy rice noodles (white) and my bf and I enjoyed it. It was good, but the not the best crispy noodles I've had. Still hits the spot though!
Got some steamed soup dumplings at the OG. The juice is so thick and savory. Price and ambience is also fun
Decent grub - I didn't really enjoy the flavorsI don't expect fine dining but the xiao long bao just wasn't sitting right with me.Cheap prices comparatively to other joints but not so clear service . This may be a hot spot in NY but I just didn't like it so much :/
I'm not quite sure what the big deal about this place is - I tried their famous pork and crab XLB, and while they were the juicest dumplings I've ever had, they just weren't that good. The crab tasted stale and fishy, and was probably canned, not fresh. There was an enormous amount of broth in the dumplings, so if you have a XLB juice fetish, then perhaps Joe's is for you. However, I didn't think that the broth was that flavorful - it was kind of fishy and soupy, but not very rich. Joe's is not in the same league as Din Tai Fung, and it would be considered mediocre in the Bay Area.  That being said, as a San Francisco native, I do think that NYC Chinese (and East Coast Chinese in general) is pretty weird, so YMMV.We also had an order of seafood rice cake noodles, which wasn't that good, but was better than the XLB.  The service was actually entertaining, since they try to shove as many people as possible into their restaurant as possible. The two of us shared our large round table with 3 other parties. I have no problem with the service, since busy, crowded, and rude usually correlates to excellent food, however the food wasn't that great, and I don't know why people rave about this place. Perhaps this might be good for NY, it's pretty bad for LA or SF.
Food was amazing we ordered scallion pan cakes and chicken egg drop soup for appetizer .. pan cakes were on the grease side .. for dinner we had salt and paper shrimps , fish casserole , orange crispy beef , Singapore noodles, fried duck and squid with papers I have to shrimps and fish casserole were the best dishes hands down .. duck was very greasy but good Service absolutely terrible they automatically charge 15% service charge for no service .. and they take only cash No credit card
OVERALL 3 stars. Been here two times. They're all about their dumplings so right off the bat they ask you how many dumplings you want and what type of meat. The servers speak fast so it can be hard to understand plus their accent. I'm Asian too and I have a hard time understanding them. Servers seem overwhelmed and stressed. Hard to get something from them.  DUMPLINGS sure they're tasty and it's kind of annoying you bite into it and all the soup liquid comes gushing out so be sure to have a bowl right under it. But it's not where I'm back in California now craving them type of that tasty good if you know what I mean. But they're good sure. FOOD other food was ok good. Nothing absolutely mind blowing. INSIDE is not that big considering they PACK AS MANY tables and chairs. You end up sitting with people you don't know. It's hard to move around and get around. If you're claustrophobic you will not like eating here. If it wasn't so cramped I would probably like this place better. Photos on the wall of famous people who have eaten here are cool to look at. Bathrooms in the back are dirty and grungy one room toilet style, but if you gotta go you gotta go especially after drinking all the soup that comes out of those dumplings. Haha. WAIT yes you might have to wait a long time and either it's really hot when I came or really cold. Makes it annoying to wait around due to extreme weather conditions I'm not used to. Parking is street parking so expect to circle around and around looking and probably have to walk and keep track of the time to re feed a meter.
The xia long bao is to die for here. Extremely thin outer layer with juicy and extremely hot meat and juice in the core. Whether it's seafood or pork, all are delicious. One can serve as an appetizer for 2 but I would definitely get at least two. One seafood and one pork.It gets extremely busy and the seating is tight inside.Cash only.
I've been here twice now and both times my experience has been very similar. It's usually busy unless you show up around 3pm on a weekday but the wait is never too long. I've waited both times around 15 minutes. You are given a number and when they call it out your table is ready. There is shared seating so you'll be seated at a big table with a few strangers. They bring out complimentary tea, which was good but I also asked for water. They try to move quickly with taking your order so if you're there for the soup dumplings I would order them as soon as the waiter comes around, because apparently those dumplings take a little while to prepare. The servers aren't the friendliest but I think that might be because a 15% gratuity is automatically added to your bill. I've discovered that after looking at the last page in the menu. Also, it's cash only. The soup dumplings are a great dish, and they make for a good meal even if they are in the appetizer section. There are two options, crab meat and pork or pork and they both taste very similar. Eating them is tricky and they come out piping hot, so definitely exercise caution. Overall a great casual dining spot for a quick and easy meal. The menu is extensive but I would definitely recommend the soup dumplings.
The food was really good the place was very very busy but it was worth the chaos and wait
My friends and I had time to kill and wanted to snack on something. So we walked over to Joe's. Crazy amount of people out front waiting to be seated. I can tell it's a tourist hot spot. Let's just say there weren't too many Chinese people standing around waiting for some soup dumplings. Here's my tip, and what we did. Order to go. Just walk right in and go to the cashier. Order the #1 (crab and pork xia long bao). It comes with 8 and it's hot when you get it. We waiting around maybe 15 minutes for it to come out. Then we trotted outside and ate it right next to everyone who were waiting on line.lol. Needless to say, we got some salivating glances as we devoured it. The soup dumplings were good! Is something I would wait in that ridiculous line for? Not sure. It had crazy hype so I had high expectations but I've had pretty yummy soup dumplings elsewhere too. I was pretty content with ordering it to go and going on our merry way to the bar around the corner after we ate.
I have been here a dozen times (for lunch), they have 2 floors of seatinh. Delicious cuisine, I usually order the beef with broccoli and white rice. Very good, and the food is always consistent. The hostesses and phone girls are super sweet. I get my food to go. There is usually a wait to be seated, longer wait during the week between 12pm to 2pm.
Hands down the best soup dumpling (xiaolongbao) place! Have been here numerous times and the soup dumplings never disappointed me. My family and friends came to visit me in May from China and I took them here too and they LOVED it! We came back twice in one week lol - shows how much they loved the soup dumplings (especially the crab pork one). We've all been to Ding Tai Fung but we all agree that the soup dumplings here are way better! Other than xiaolongbao, other dishes are great too - my favorite is the bok choy with mushrooms. Service here is whatever but the food definitely makes up for it. Highly recommend and would definitely return!
I've heard a lot of good things about Joe's Shanghai, so I had to take the chance to eat here during my trip. I came here with three other people, and we waited about 40 minutes for a table during lunch on Labor Day. We were finally seated at a large table alongside another party of four, which was a little unexpected but ended up not being too awkward. We ordered both types of the xiao long bao (pork and crab meat pork), stir-fried veggies, squirrel fish and spicy chicken. The xiao long bao were flavored well, especially the crab meat one, but I wasn't a huge fan of the size and texture - I expected smaller sizes and thinner dough (like what they have at Din Tai Fung), and these seemed more like soup buns than soup dumplings. However, the squirrel fish was flavored well, and was probably my favorite part of the meal.Bottom line - the soup dumplings here don't taste bad, they just aren't what I'm used to - 1) they were way too big for the spoon and 2) the skin was super thick.
We were not fans of this place at all. It's a dank restaurant in Chinatown, except there's a lot of hype about the food, which I don't understand at all. We had the soup dumplings, the fried noodle dish, shrimp fried rice, and what was supposed to be this rice noodle stir fry dish (it turned out to be egg noodles). Everything tasted fine but was so overly greasy that I had a film of grease outside of my mouth. After biting into a soup dumpling, I had a mouthful of pork grease. Service was terrible, and we had to ask for water a couple of times. There prices weren't great, the food wasn't good, and the service was awful. Definitely not worth going out of your way for.
Very good, but maybe not worth the wait and the hype. Crab soup dumplings are something to search for...these were very good. The rest is just a dirty old Chinese restaurant.
Crowded with law fans and tourists. I think they soup dumplings got bigger and less tasty but still one of the best places for shanghainese food. Last time i was there we ordered crab soup dumplings, pretty good and crispy duck, it will not disappoint. The jelly fish was very bad. Tasteless, flawerless, waterly, not fresh. I don't think i had jelly fish so bad. I don't understand how they managed to get this one wrong.
Can people stop hyping things please?! I came here with my family while on vacation because it was soooo overhyped by my sister's boyfriend. We had to share tables with other tourist which I don't mind as I'm use to doing that in Chinatown dim sum places back in SF. We ordered their oh so famous shanghai dumplings, green beans, Shanghai noodles and some other dishes. Their dumpling's skin is way too thick and the soup base is way too oily. It looks like I smeared Vaseline across my lips - not sexy. I can honestly say it was one of the worst dumpling's I've had. My grandma steams better ones from prepackaged store bought XLBS. I'm not even comparing these to din tai fung dumplings just the local dumpling places in sf and it still didn't pass the bar. Don't waste your time here!
BEST SOUP DUMPLINGS EVER!!! We got there just before it open at 10:50 am. Good thing too because after like 5 mins later there was a line already 2 store front down. The place seem like the other Joes shanghai i tried a couple years back when I came. Not much that huge can fit a decent amount of people. The shine come from the resturant namely there soup dumplings. The best I ever had. Mainly came just to eat it again. Mouth watering..
Amazing Soup Dumplings and they are a great  price compared to most of NYC! I felt like the service was a little irritated and for what ever reason they kept rushing me to order so all I got was 1 order of pork dumplings and left.
Half star to this place! The service was lousy! They light up incense while we were seated right next to their worship alter! The food is no longer the same especially their well known soup dumplings! The flavor has gotten worse and they all tear apart when you try to nab then! We went there with a party of 3 people and they added tips to the bill without telling us and made us pay for additional tips unknowingly! Talk about losing customers fast! This place really have gone down the gutter! Good riddance! Will never go back!
Very tasty dumplings pork and crab in a informal place, little crowd but fast.  They offer the tea. Good place to try at least once.
Is there anything better than Joe's pork soup dumplings?  Nah, not really.  This was worth the wait, because lets face it, you are going to have to wait to get into here on a friday night.The service is so perfect you don't realize how they do so well in guiding you through their menu, making sure your experience is top notch.You will notice when you come in, a big fish tank, and pictures of celebrities that have frequented this place.We had two orders of the soup dumplings and they were magical.  Each basket is made to order and they gave us a tip..don't eat it all in one go, bite a little bit, drink the soup and then munch!
It was ok. It is a bit overrated. The soup dumplings were alright, but I probably wouldn't eat here again to be honest. We also had the shanghai fried flat noodles; they were decent, not a ton of flavor. All in all.... I won't be back when there are so many other good places to eat in NYC.
I had high hopes for this place since it's so popular but I was slightly disappointed.Went in just to order a simple pork soup dumpling to go. Waited a couple mins and two other people came in to order take out as well. As the first bag of take out comes out I expected it to be mine because I was the only one who ordered one item. But no the lady at the counter claims it's the other ladies first when I was standing right there as I heard her order and pay for the same item I did ONE PORK SOUP DUMPLING. It was not worth an argument but it's not hard to remember who came first when all you do is stand at the counter and place take out orders and collect money. Anyways my "order" came out a minute after and I just grabbed it and left because I know the first one should've been mine and the one I took was supposed to be the other lady's. Although disappointed from the poor service I still had high hopes for the soup dumplings I was about to devour. Open the container and all I see are sloppy flat looking dumplings with all the soup surrounding it NOT IN THE DUMPLING. (Maybe this wouldn't have bothered me as much if I actually got my order instead of the one that came out after). As I pick up the dumpling with my chopstick the top just splits open inviting more soup to spill out over the tiny spoon. The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is because the soup that I drank from the container, not the dumpling, was very flavorful. But the soup also left my lips really sticky which was very annoying. I didn't even finish all 8 dumplings because I just got annoyed with eating them. Maybe it would've been better to dine in but with those lines I would rather eat at other Shanghai places in Chinatown. But who knows maybe I'll be back to try some other dishes everyone raves about.
Love this place. Been here with my friends and we tried out the soup dumpling. It was delicious. This place doesn't take credit card, but they do have an atm next door. Overall it was a great experience, and I would def come back!
I came here after watching a Fung Bros video on this place. I never had soup dumplings and always wanted to try it out. Apparently Joe's Shanghai is the best in the east side so I was really excited to go! The store was really easy to find in chinatown and when I went inside the restaurant, half of the seats were filled. We were placed in a round table with two other families and I was surprised at how famous this place is! There were pictures of I'm guessing the owner with other celebrities like Jonah Hill and Emma Stone!When I saw the menu, it was like a typical Chinese restaurant menu with a variety of dishes like noodles, meats, and seafood. Of course we opted for the soup dumplings and I thought there would be a huge variety but there was only two! So there was a regular meat one and a meat with crab. We got both and the dumplings came in approx 10 mins, even though our waiter said it takes more than 20.Pictures don't do it justice but holy these dumplings were ginormous! I mean they give you tongs to pick them up.The soup in these dumplings were oh my god, heavenly! Be careful not to pop them and rip the skin! I loved the crab one because they put actual roe in it, giving it a really nice taste and texture.Only downside is the customer service. I felt like they were pushing us out even though the restaurant still had empty seats.
Have you ever walked into a restaurant already knowing that you're not going to like it? Yeah that was how I felt when I walked into Joe's Shanghai...But, because I'm a sucker for popular/trendy food places and this place is the most reviewed restaurant in Chinatown, I knew I would eventually make my way here. As soon as my group of 3 walked in, we were (not) greeted by an inattentive server and Justin Beiber being blasted on Z100. This is not, by any means, an authentic Shanghainese restaurant and you can tell because the majority of the clientele are not Asian. Because it was a rainy day, we had no problem getting seated but I have heard that there can be a line out the door on better days. Service, for the most part was meh but there was one server who was more attentive.Scallion pancakes- Flavor was alright but it was too greasy and not crispy enough. For good scallion pancakes try the ones with beef at Nan Xiang in Flushing.Pork soup dumplings- How is it even possible for people to say that these are the best soup dumplings in NYC?? The skins were so thick, the soup was bland AF, and the pork had impurities in it...Chicken pan fried noodles- ALL WRONG. I honestly don't even know what they served us but they were definitely not pan fried noodles...The noodles were completely off and the sauce on top tasted like Chinese take out sauce...Skip this one and try the one at Shanghai Cafe instead.There are a ton of Shanghainese restaurants in Chinatown that are better than this one. This one happens to be the most popular because it caters to a broader population of diners, not because the food is good. Well, I can finally mark Joe's Shanghai as "attended" in my books but I will definitely not be back.
I was not impressed with the XLB here :( I wonder why it got such great reviews?! My husband enjoyed the Shanghai noodles though. Wish I had room to try the crab, which was recommended by my cousin. We order waaay too much XLB for two people. Get the pork + crab, tastes almost the same as the pork, and save room to try other things!
This was our first stop on our first day in New York City this trip. My wife found this place on yelp and we decided to take an Uber there. We walked in this place and it was a full house. The soup dumplings are a must! Our meal consist of soup dumplings, two spring rolls, Beef fried rice, beer and sake! My wife also ordered some kind of soup noodle dish but I don't know what the name of it is. Overall the experience was good our service was great and the food was excellent.
Location: There are so many stores around Pell Street. Last time, I tried Hand pulled noodles. And now, I am here trying some real chinese food with my parent.s The store is unexpectedly tiny. They asked people to table together. So be prepared that someone violates your privacy during your time at Joe'sThe wall has many pictures, trying to show off how great they are.Food: we can xiao long bao. Celery with tofu, and one of their fish signiture food.The food is very.. too oily for people who enjoy salad all day long to eat. But the taste is alright.Service: is a mess.THEY ONLY ACCEPT CASH.BAD3.5 stars
The 5 stars are strictly for the pork / pork & crab xlb, they are absolutely delicious. I cannot stop thinking about their delicious flavor. Joe's is a must visit to eat as many dumplings as you can!However, I do not recommend the pan fried noodles with beef, the noodles tasted burnt and the beef in both my dish and my boyfriends was extremely chewy. We will be back, but just for the dumplings.
After a 20 minute wait in the freezing cold, we were awkwardly seated at a table with four others, and after they left-four more were seated there. Our seats faced a tribute to 8 or 10 different celebrities posing with whom we presumed to be Joe. Anyway, we were hungry and definitely over-ordered. We got soup dumplings, the scallion pancakes, the Steamed Chicken in Scallion and Ginger Sauce, fried rice, the Shanghai soup and a wonton soup, and sautéed spinach. We all gave our lunch four stars.
Word Of The Day "Soup Dumplings".Thats pretty much all about Joe's Shanghai.I have visited their Mid Town location the this particular one and none failed on the Dumpling THE BEST. Rest of the menu is pretty mediocre nothing out of the ordinary your sameOl sameOl Chinese Food. I mostly have my fill on the dumplings. The other dish that impresses me is the Fried Noodles the dish starts out with crispy fried noodles with your regular stir fry ingredients but a bit saucy in the center so as you eat your way in you go from crispy to soft a good play on textures.Only drawback Cash Only and 20-30 min waits always.FYI - There is NO wait for parties with pregnant ladies and preference for parties with toddlers.
The first thing I noticed when I walked in was that the majority of the customers are non-Asians (mostly white) which kinda made me suspicious. It sorta ruined the authenticity effect and expectations but I remained mainly optimistic. We got the famous noodle dumplings. About 8. They were good. Fun to try but didn't taste anything exceptional if you ask me. Reasonable price. Not really an authentic 'dim sum' restaurant with waiters going around with carts of food. Sesame chicken was mediocre. And please don't get the fried noodles! I'm so used to good Vietnamese fried noodles in Jersey City. The noodles here were a joke. Huge portion but absolutely terrible.
Oh my god, I will dream about the soup dumplings at Joe's every day of my life. Our wait was around 20 minutes when we arrived at around 11:30 on a Sunday. Service is rude and they aren't helpful at all but it just adds to the experience. I feel like it's better if you go in knowing what you want to order already, so all you need to know is that number 1 and 2 are the soup dumplings. My friend and I each got an order of the number 1, and a scallion pancake. We were stuffed at the end of the meal and only paid about 15 bucks each. CASH ONLY! I will be back when I return to NYC
The soup dumplings are very very good, and I like the ambiance and staff--it is a well run and efficient establishment.  My problem is with the rest of the menu.  It is all very expensive and the dishes are quite large.  I understand tourists are willing to pay and that this set up works for a big group sharing multiple dishes, but it is impossible to eat the dumplings and an entree with 1 or 2 people.  I wish they had a lunch menu with smaller portions.
Came here on a Saturday during lunch time with a group of 5 and the wait wasn't too bad! I was always hesitant about coming here because I was afraid of the wait time, but we only waited about 15-20 minutes (: I guess it's just about coming at the right times.We ordered:- Xiao Long Bao (pork & crab)- Fried Rice- Beef & Broccoli- Scallion Pancake- Rice Cake NoodlesEverything was fabulous. Yes, maybe some of the food was a bit oily, but not really. That's a fact that you kind of have to accept with a lot of Chinese food places. Taste-wise; everything was delicious. I am a scallion pancake junkie and I can say this was one of the best scallion pancakes I have ever had in my life. My biggest regret was not ordering more to take home. These pancakes were perfectly fried, where the outside crispy texture nicely contrasts with the inside. Scallion flavor was on point and I always love the special dipping soy sauce that comes along with the pancakes.All the dishes that we ordered were great and I'm sure the entire menu is the same. However, the real stars of the restaurant are the oh-so-famous Xiao Long Baos (soup dumplings). I'm Chinese and I thought I knew what soup dumplings were.. THESE ARE THE BEST SOUP DUMPLINGS EVER KNOWN TO MAN! LOL yes I'm probably over exaggerating, but seriously they were super good. When you first get a good look at them, you can just tell they're ready to burst with soup. This is the first time where I actually experienced the literal meaning of soup dumplings. Once you take the first bite, there's just a waterfall of soup that follows. It's amazingly delicious. I can't really say the same for the crab ones though... I'm not a big crab fan so that's possibly why I didn't enjoy those as much. The crab ones also had a yellow coloring to them (not sure what kind of spices were used), but that threw me off. Pork soup dumplings FTW!Tip: Cash only. And they group up parties together around large round tables, so you'll likely end up sharing a table with strangers.
My friend, who lives in New York, recommended this restaurant when I asked her good chinese restaurants.I've been here a few times so far. My husband and I went to New York for the weekend and came here for lunch for the first time.We arrived here around 11:30am and were seated immediately. People kept coming in, so I was excited for the food.We ordered shrimp fried rice, xiao long bao,  and sesame chicken. Yep, we ordered so much food! I liked their xiao long bao a lot. Sesame chicken and shrimp fried rice were good too. I really liked their food, so we decided to come back here for lunch recently. We arrived here around 12:00pm and had to share the one big round table with two other 2-people groups.We ordered xiao long bao, chicken fried rice, and dumplings this time. I was very disappointed that xiao long bao wasn't as good as the first time. Fried rice and dumplings were good though. Since all groups ordered so much food, we had to make room for the food.The service was okay. It's a typical chinese restaurant. Nothing spectacular. The portions are large, and the prices are okay. I wouldn't come back voluntary but I may come back if my friends wants to come here.
So I never make bad reviews but don't expect all the  great things you hear about Joe's Shanghai. We came for the XLB which were good but overcooked. They were all  stuck together so when we tried to get them with the tongs they opened and half the  soup came out in the dish before  before getting to our plates. But the real problem here was that the service was beyond horrible and I know not to expect great service in Chinatown but this server was the rudest. He didn't even look at us while ordering, he knocked my tea over (which is complimentary but just tastes like hot water) when he brought the food and didn't apologize, and he snapped at me when I asked a question and then when I snapped back he acted like I was the rude one and told all the rest of the staff and they all circled my table like a bunch of vultures and he got someone else to give me my check. I have never seen something so ridiculous there are other places in Chinatown with food that is just as good without the shit service. Joe's Shanghai is super overrated.
Don't buy into the hype. Just don't do it, especially if there is any sort of a wait.  Good soup dumpling: thin skin but doesn't break when you pick it up with chopsticks.  Juicy, but not greasy or oily.  Flavorful, and the skin is not doughy.Joe's Shanghai: opposite of everything I just listed above.I been here several times with groups of friends and always thought the place was "meh" (but then I think that of the majority of Chinese restaurants on the in New York... ).This time, I was nearby, missing Soup dumplings, and decided to give it a try myself - and realized I must've not paid much attention to the food as I did the conversation those previous visits because the food is as other reviews have mentioned... So oily, so greasy, and just overall not of a good quality (why are parts of my soup dumpling yellow?  From the grease?).  The overly aggressive service didn't help either, though I was one of only 4 tables filled at the place, they came by to make sure I still had my last two dumplings left four-five times so they could clear me out.I flew back to LA this week and made it to a good soup dumpling place just to do a comparison and make up for this meal.  And wow...  Night and day difference.  Hungry Kat does not approve.
We came for an early dinner on a weekday and there was no wait time. Of course we ordered some xiao long bao/ Shanghai dumplings / soup dumplings / little dragon buns. We also got some scallion pancakes and fried pork dumplings. Everything was delicious and nostalgic, and not so nostalgic.While these soup dumplings from Joe's Shanghai are delicious, they are very different from the xiao long baos I am used to eating. I'm not a xiao long bao / Shanghai dumpling snob, but I've been eating these dumplings ever since I could consume solid food. They just aren't 'authentic.' I hate using the A word, because it's so vague and meaningless. Food trends and even food traditions are changing all the time. In my opinion, these are the deviations from a typical soup dumpling. - Super-sized type dumpling. Each dumpling is nearly the size of a small burger. - The flavor of the meat filling also tastes a little different, could use more flavor.- The skin is too thick. What I do like: - The meat in each dumpling is a generous amount- There is plenty of soup encased in each one, - Very good price, so I did walk away feeling full and satisfied.It is a cash only establishment, so once again, I have to plan out a visit to the ATM first. Just an extra step that cuts into my eating time. I'd still come back for some very affordable, extra large dumplings again.
Delicious but I like going to the Midtown location! It goes without saying, you come here for the soup dumplings.
The best thing were the soup dumplings.  We had seafood and pork and were really good.  We also had a seafood noodle dish and it was OK, but really, the best were the dumplings.  It was very busy on a Sunday night but the line went quick.  Worth the trip.
They're soup dumplings were delicious. I don't remember much except we were gobbling those things way too fast. I tried a couple other places in NY but this place stood out. But overall the 3 hour wait in the winter wasn't not worth it. If you catch this place with a short wait time--go ahead. If not--move on. It's too hyped even for good soup dumplings.
I have been waiting to come here and am so excited I finally got to try the soup dumplings! First of all they were huge! And so delicious and soupy! I only tried the pork dumplings so next time I'll have to try the crab. We also shared the Shanghai flat noodles.... YUM. I was stuffed and couldn't be happier.Couple of things to note: if you're in a small group or pair, you will get seated with other people at your table. It's very busy and tight inside the restaurant but then again you probably know that coming in. Before even asking you what you want to drink, the server will ask you if you want dumplings lol. Oh and the food is super cheap! Most importantly you won't regret it. The soup dumplings are awesome and I can't wait to come back!
Not worth the hype. Very greasy and not memorable.The only thing I would recommend is the scallion pancake but you can find those anywhere so don't make a special trip for them here.
SO HAPPY we got the chance to try this place out. The first time we came to New York, we heard the wait for this place is ridiculous so we avoided it at all costs. This time around, we decided to give it a shot since we were in the area. We lucked out because we were seated in 10 minutes, tops. We were seated at a large round family table. Confused at first, since others were already seated, we realized they sit as many parties as they can at each table. Efficient.Also to my surprise, Joes isn't a dumpling house. I expected the menu to be a variety of dumplings/dim sum but instead it was a typical Chinese restaurant menu: fried rice, chow mien, beef, etc. What you're looking for and what they're most famous for is an appetizer. Crab meat with pork meat steamed buns.Now, you would think we knew how to eat the buns correctly since we've had Din Tai Fung back home... But idk if we were just hungry and not thinking straight but we both bit right into it and it was a huge mess!! LOL so my friends, make sure you bite the top off first, let it cool down a bit then add your soy sauce and/or hot sauce into the dumpling and devour!We also ordered the scallion pancakes which were a HIT! Be sure to try.CASH ONLY!! Thank goodness there was an ATM nearby or else we would've been washing dishes to pay for our meals.
We came on a Sunday night for dinner and we ended up having to wait around 30 minutes before getting a table which is not bad. This place is pretty efficient in what they do so they get patrons in and out pretty quickly so the next group can get on in. And no seat was empty -- they would seat couples at a large table with a family if two seats were available at the table! AWKWARD! But anyway, the soup dumplings are freakin' huge and freakin' delicious!! We ordered the crab & pork -- each was full of delicious liquid!! Just amazing!! We also ordered a plate of the Shanghai noodles -- so greasy but so so so good!! This seriously was an awesome meal for 2 at only $20 total. You can't beat that!
Joe's Shanghai is a good place if you want XLB, soup dumplings and other northern Chinese food. The XLB is savory and flavorful with a chewy outer layer, a lot thicker than Ding Tai Fung XLB if that's what you're used to. Shanghai fried noodles come in big portions at a decent price about $8. The drunken chicken might be a little too drunk for my taste, but the it is flavorful as well.The service is efficient here. Servers are attentive and bring out the food in a timely manner. The only issue I have with this place is the cash only policy. It's inconvenient because the food is priced more than the normal amount of cash a person would carry. Other than that, this place is a decent Chinese food joint.
Hype Hype Hype!Soup dumplings were OK at best. The skin was kinda tough. Though, it looks like the dumplings were overcooked instead. FYI, if the skin sticks to the steamer or to each other, its likely the dumplings were overcooked. overcooked sink becomes sticky and tears really easily. Portion sizes were reasonably large. Each dumpling was bigger than the spoon. Mostly soup and skin, not too much filling. The dumplings were not made that well either. A couple of them opened up while steaming so the soup just all leaked out (probably cuz it was over cooked).  The crab filling still had bits of crab shell.Other than that, all the other dishes were mediocre.  The sliced beef noodle soup was bland. The noodles were a tad too hard and chewy.  The sesame chicken had way too much batter. Some of the batter wasn't fully cooked.I guess Joe's Shanghai is one of those NYC tourist locations milking as much of their own mythology as much as they can before it's gone.Bottom line, this place is just another old school tired restaurant. If you care for soup dumplings, you can definitely find better places, cheaper places, more interesting places, more authentic places in NYC.
You know what? After eating the dumplings in the Lan Zhou hand pulled noodles couple doors down and the XLB from real kungfu little steamed bun, I feel like the dumplings and XLB from Joe's Shanghai was not that good at all. I did see a lot of people waiting outside of Joe's Shanghai two nights ago. It sure is a popular restaurant and that's why the host was not as friendly as I would like. I remember the waiter we had was very nice. The food is not good enough though. I don't think I will come back again.
I've been dreading coming here. It's been a year since I moved to New York, and what was once a twice a week ritual for me in Singapore came to a grinding halt. Why? New York is notorious for having sub par soup dumplings. I just needed this visit to finally confirm my suspicions.First of all what I noticed was that the dumplings are much too large to fit a Chinese soup spoon. Why does this matter? It means that you're likely to make a much bigger mess if you use the bite-a-hole-in-the-dumpling method while eating, the juices are more likely to fall all over a plate instead of getting in your belly.I prefer using the sit-in-vinegar-dumpling method to cool it down, then eating it whole. Allowing the juices to burst in my mouth. Immediately it was clear to me that the vinegar used in this restaurant sucks balls. The size of the dumplings also meant that cool down time was longer, taking away from the true enjoyment of perfect Xiao Long Baos.The saving grace of these dumplings (which they called buns in the menu btw, another peeve), was that the skin was acceptable. It was thin yet pliable, mostly able to carry the weight of the fillings. At a 2/16 broken dumpling ratio it was acceptable.I sucked it up and ate my food since I didn't want to be wasteful. Between the two of us we ordered 1 crab and pork, and 1 pork dumplings. There wasn't much difference other than the ghastly color of the crab and pork dumplings. Both tasted heavily of MSG and caused an unclean taste in the mouth and unnatural thirst.Maybe it became difficult to discern in the depths of my despair.Also this place is filthy the tea jug was gross.We were so unlucky to be sitting next to a girl who was so annoyingly peppy about being a foodie, and that this would be her last meal on earth. Her friends seemed unimpressed as she kept trying to hype them up about the dumplings. It was fun to watch. Girl you don't know shit LOLWe paid and hustled out of there. Will not be back. 3 stars for good dumpling skin, which is really hard to master, but minus 1 for filthiness.Sorry to pop your dumpling bubble! Supposedly it's the best that New York's got. That's sad.
We all come here for the xiao long bao and it was worth the wait. When I came here in the afternoon, we waited for almost an hour but our party was 8 people. They had seating available for waits.The restaurant is located on a tiny street that has cars and trucks still passing by so be careful with that if you are not familiar of New York. Inside the restaurant, the first thing I noticed were the pictures with the Chinese celebrities that have been here before. We sat next to an old photo of Gallen Lo, a part of me died. This is a huge indicator that this place is not only popular for tourists but Chinese people also. Xiao long bao I tried the pork one and the crab ones. Crab was a lot better. Didn't have to wait long. How you eat it is to place it in your spoon, take a small bite to slurp up all of the soup then eat the rest of the xiao long bao. It's really hot.We also ordered the scallion pancake which is also really good. There were vegetarian options too, but not vegetarian xiao long bao.
Amazing soup dumplings, a little bit of a wait but it was lunch time on a Friday. It gets packed and you are seated at a large table with other people, that was different for me. But I was in good company so we kept to ourselves and enjoyed the food. Service was speedy, but it can be hard to get the servers attention at times. The price is great for the amount of food that you get. I would come again.
Upon arriving to NY after a long tiring trip from LA, this was the first place we ate at. This was the beginning of what would be a cholesterol raising, toilet destroying, 5-day marathon of eating. And it did not disappoint.We ordered the pork juicy dumpling and the pork & crab juicy dumpling and the scallion pancake. Starting with the dumplings, they both tasted very good; although, beware, the insides are lava so if you want to keep your taste buds alive, I would advise taking a little bite out of the corner and then letting it cool. Also, eat it out of a spoon so that you can save the juices that flow out. Tastes really good with that vinegar stuff they have. Also those pancake thingies are really good too, wish we got more.If you don't believe me, they have pics of Jonah hill there on the wall. If Jonah likes it you know this place is dank.
I hate to give them a 5 star cause the wait and the service was horrible. But they were that good. We got to Joe's around 6pm on a Sunday and there was a crowd already. Hostess said 30 minutes so we waited. LIAR!!! took us an hour. But oh well. We were seated with another party of two on the same table. It was super awkward but after the food came out we didnt care. We had the128. Singapore Chow Mai Fun - AHHHHH DONT GET THIS!! we tried to be adventurous and we failed. Miserably. The Crab soup dumplings and the scallion pancakes were bananas. Twice as big ad Din Tai Fung. The soup is also way more dense. It was too delicious. We were moaning after a couple bites. Sorry table next to us. We messed up with the order and they cancelled our pork dumplings but we were too stuffed . Next time Joe's! Also, we left around 8pm and they were calling numbers saying some people wont be able to be seated so get there early.
It's no wonder this place gets the award for one of the best cheat eats in New York. You can get a set (8) of their signature Shanghai soup dumplings (xiao long bao) for only $7. Don't make the mistake and order your typical Cantonese dishes since this place is known for their Shanghainese and dim sum cuisine. Whether you choose crab or pork, you have to order a set of the xiao long bao if you come here. The other items on the menu aren't spectacular so the dumplings are really the star of the show. Pass on the Peking style noodles in minced pork - the noodles are mushy and the sauce tasted like hot and sour soup with ground pork. The dumplings are still as good as I remember but I might try another place next time I'm in New York's Chinatown.
He best Xiao long bao in New York. This restaurant has become a soup dumpling institution. You wait in a long line and are seated in mixed large circular tables with strangers. A waiter comes around and takes everyone's orders. We order the soup dumpling obviously, with pork and pork with crab. These soup dumplings arrive in bamboo baskets steaming causing some major salivation. The process of eating soup dumplings is specific. 1. Start by picking it up carefully with your chop stick, trying not to tear the skin, and place on the large spoon provided. 2. Next bite a small hole in the side of the dumpling to let the steam out without spilling the soup. You can blow on it to cool it down and drink some of the soup.3. Add the black vinegar to the dumpling via the hole you created. Your finally ready to indulge in an amazing soup dumpling, hurry and crush it in one bite. Now repeat until your satiated.Now I hope none of your dumplings tore in the way out the basket or stuck to the basket, there's no retrieving the lost soup (I've tried). No use crying over spilt soup (that's what I tell my self while I cry). I hope you enjoy your soup dumpling because this is some of the best out there. This is definitely worth the trip if your in New York. Any other faults this restaurant may have are completely forgiven for the amazing bao. Take my money!Atmosphere: 3/5Food/drink: 5/5Cost: 5/5Service: 3/5Overall: 5/5
Best soup dumplings in town!  Crab with pork steamed bun is the number 1 item on the menu, not just literally. They have an extensive menu with a whole lot of items that can be overwhelming. Just focus on the soup dumplings and the kungpao chicken and you're good!The noodle dishes are greasy. There's usually a long wait. Also, you are more often that not, expected to share a round table with strangers - like in many Chinatown dimsum restaurants. It doesn't really matter once the soup dumplings arrive!
I went here with a party of 5 on Saturday evening. The wait was about 40 minutes which was probably the longest time I waited for a Chinese restaurant.The menu consisted of a mix of Chinese-American dishes and more traditional dishes. We ordered noodles, scallion pancakes, chinese vegetables, egg fried rice and of course, the soup dumplings. I don't really eat pork but I just had to try one and omg! It was so good. It tasted a little MSG-ey but it was still good. I also enjoyed the egg fried rice, but it was a little mushy. The rest were just okay.The service was quite good as well. I found it funny that most of the diners here were NOT Chinese or any kind of Asian, which was strange considering that this place is super popular and is in Chinatown. Nonetheless, it was still good to me but I would not go out of my way and wait 40 minutes for this place. Plus, my native Shanghainese friend claims that this place is not authentic at all. Oh well!
Din Tai Fung, I think you've just found a worthy contender. I know that's a pretty loaded statement to make but after trying the xiao long bao here, I dare say it's pretty up there with our beloved DTF. This restaurant is located in the one of the small alleyways of NYC's Chinatown. Word of warning: be prepared to make new friends as this place is so popular you're likely to share a table with other diners. We had plenty of food locations to visit for the rest of the day so we only ordered their potstickers and crab and pork xiao long bao. Bigger does not always mean better but the crab XLBs are a little larger than DTF's and even juicier. The soup from the dumplings is very flavorful with an even more pronounced crab flavor that almost punches you in the face upon first bite. The potstickers were just okay. The skin wasn't too thick but the pork filling inside was sort of bland yet salty. As someone from the 626 with plenty of dumpling choices, I'm not sure if I'd return just for the xlbs at Joe's Shanghai but it's definitely worth a try for first-time NYC Chinatown visitors.
Avoid going here during prime lunch and dinner hours. I suggest going here around 3/4PM and that's about a 15 min wait. You most likely will share a table with strangers and I personally have no problem with that. You can just say hi and mind your own business. With the amount of traffic going in and out of here, it's efficient for them and cuts down your waiting time tremendously. So I'm not complaining. We had a party of 5 and 4 orders (3 crab, 1 pork) of the soup dumplings were enough to comfortably satisfy us. The crab ones are absolutely bursting in flavor (careful, it's hot) and it's a must-try if you come here. Do yourself a favor and don't bother ordering lo mein and orange chicken here. You're in NYC. You can order that kind of takeout back at your hometown probably. Or somewhere cheaper in Chinatown. Not here.
Very good food but poor service and too many people for what you get.Pro:- Great soup dumplings- Other menus are pretty good tooCon:- unfriendly and unresponsive staff- unreasonably long wait during peak hours- place is too full of people (uncomfortable)
** Come here early or be prepared to wait. We waited ~30 minutes. ** Bring CASH. They do no take cards. ** 15% gratuity is included in your bill. I can only review the soup dumplings, as that is all we came for. They were delicious! They were very juicy and flavorful. Worth the wait in my book.
Horrible! The staff and servers are SO rude and dismissive that it truly is a problem. The food is greasy and unimpressive. Just skip it! Not to mention the bedraggled ambiance - ok i get it that it's what you get for that price- but with so many spectacular options in NYC- why suffer this?!The servers were soooo rude and inattentive that we had to go and ask the hostess for our check and she also didn't seem to care one bit. Just pathetic!Spare yourself the waste of time and subpar food- go around the corner to NY Noodletown instead!
I know this place is a tourist trap, but the soup dumplings here were pretty darn good. When the dumplings came out, they look like they had been flattened since there was so much soup inside of them. Be careful, as always, when you bite into one since it literally explodes with hot soup. We ordered both the pork (original) and crab dumplings, but I must say that the pork ones were simply better than the crab ones. The crab ones tasted strangely fibrous and were not as juicy as the pork ones.Joe's Shanghai is CASH ONLY so make sure you have enough before you decide to dine here. Since this place is a tourist trap, expect to wait in line for a bit before making it inside. Another thing to note is that there is communal seating--different parties will all be seated together at the same round table (we had three groups sharing one large table). I've experienced communal seating before, but never at a round table. Since everyone is able to see everyone else, it is a little bit of a strange experience...but most people will be so focused on eating their soup dumplings so it all turns out okay.
Stumbled upon Joe's while in China Town, only to find out it was an acclaimed restaurant with plenty of reviews and high praises, which came as a delight! The concept was hilarious to me - tons of people crowded outside, one woman screaming numbers and giving you nearly 5 seconds to get to the door before moving onto the next. Amazing. After about 20 minutes we finally entered the restaurant to find a packed house. The restaurant moves quick, you're shoulder to shoulder with the people next to you and your server is at the table before you have even sat down. All amazing. Unfortunately however, the food was lacking. My girlfriend is vegetarian so we asked what was on the menu for us. The vegetarian shanghai noodles were a must. Unfortunately, our vegetarian shanghai noodles came with beef and only after a few fork fulls did we notice. This kind of threw things off. I'd suggest laying off the vegetarian duck as well, as it was really just cold mushrooms. While this is a slightly unfair review, we had read plenty that said it was great for vegetarians. The dumplings, which they are famous for, only come with meat/fish, there are no vegetarian spring rolls and I mean aside from that, who wants a plate of steamed vegetables? Next time I will be returning and trying the chicken / beef dishes. I'm sure those are good.
I know there are thousands upon thousands of reviews. I know this place is super hyped, ridiculously crowded, and overpriced compared to other ChinaTown joints. However, despite all these things I wanted to add my two cents and say this place had THE best XLBs I had in New York.  Lucky for me, my husband speaks perfect Cantonese and decent Mandarine. This, in combination to his charming personality, gained us a decent wait time of only 35-40 minutes on a Saturday night. We shared a table with 6 other people and we expressed to the waiter we were in a rush to make our broadway show in an hour. Our waiter was really attentive and we received exceptionalservice as we really had minimal wait time from the time we were seated, to ordering, to our food coming, and the check. We ordered pork XLB, crab and pork XLB, along with the shrimp fried rice. - The pork XLB ($6.25) was everything I love in a soup dumpling and more. The skin was nice and thin, the pork packed a ton of flavor and was so moist, and that soup though. Man that soup was so good and rich. I seriously need to learn how they make this because I could eat these dumplings for days. You seriously need to try this with a hint of vinegar and each bite is perfectly flavored. I was really sad when I ate my last one because it really was that good. - The pork and crab XLB ($8.25) this was a close second favorite with pork of course being my favorite. The crab flavor really comes out and the soup inside was the perfect blend of pork and crab. As with the pork dumpling the skin was nice and thin and the flavors were there. It really is a comforting dumpling and my husband's favorite of the two. - The shrimp fried rice ($10.25) was the icing on the cake as it was cooked perfectly with each individual rice grain separated rather than mushed together or in clumps. The shrimp was fresh and cooked perfectly. My only grip was that it was quite overpriced, but hey it's Manhattan. Overall, this will be my go to place for XLB when in Manhattan and this has to be my top 2 places, second only to Din Tai Feng.
Came here with BF on a Tuesday night around 5:30pm. Crowded but we didn't have to wait for a table but we did have to share a table with two other guests. Asian restaurants always operate this way to cater to large groups/family-style dining. Anyway, we ordered the crab meat XLB, Shanghai Pancakes and Beef Pan-fried Noodles.- Crab Meat XLB - My fav thing on the menu. Chewy outer skin, delicious, rich, savory crab meat with pork. Delicious without the black vinegar, delicious with it. Highly recommend. I'd come here just to eat this.- Shanghai Pancakes - Crispy, fried to perfection pancakes. Tastes great with a dip of the sweet soy sauce and a dab on chili oil (on the table). Portion is small (it's $3) but perfect for 2 people to share. If larger than that, maybe order two. It will go fast.- Beef Pan-fried Noodles - My least favorite thing on the menu. We didn't even eat half of it. It's broccoli, carrots, onions, peppers and beef stir-fried in a sauce--more like a gravy and spooned over a bed of thick, pan-fried. The noodles are very spongey--definitely not chewy and it has this weird airy texture, almost like a stale cracker when you eat the "fried", non-saucy part. Would never order this again. Very disappointing and my BF had such high hopes. Needless to say he was in a funk after that.Overall, would come again for XLB and pancakes. Would probably stick with Shanghai Lo Mein for noodles next time. Sometimes it just doesn't pay to venture out.OH, also:- don't accept credit cards- 15% gratuity is included
THIS PLACE IS THE BOMB. I ordered the XLB and green onion pancake, both dishes were superb. The XLB were huge, filled with soup, and the thickness and texture of the dough was PERFECT. It reminded me of eating in Shanghai! The green onion pancake was super crispy and super oniony! Best green onion pancake I've EVER had for sure. The service is also great. The staff speaks English, Cantonese, and Mandarin and do their jobs quickly and swiftly.Highly recommend in you're in Chinatown!If they offer to seat you in the same table with other people, take it! It's a common practice in China and you can make friends over some dope Chinese food :)
Great place to get soup dumplings but I've had better. There is always a long line no matter what time you go. The restaurant always seems to be a bit crowded and hectic, so if you want to go here for a first date I would reconsider it.
Simply the best xiao long bao. Pull up next to some strangers and order an order right away while you look at the menu. The rest of the stuff is all right.. but make room for another order of the baos. Don't order more than one order of bao at a time unless you have enough people. Baos taste best hot but be careful biting inside. Service charge of 15% is automatically added by the way.
All time classic dumpling shop in Chinatown. I would say if it wasn't for the lines (tourists) I would give it a higher rating....I find it inconvenient because while it is good, it is not din tai fung good...and as such the line jockeying is not warranted.
Joe's Shanghai is my go-to spot to take people visiting the NYC area, and I always bring them to this location specifically.  You can't go wrong with any of the soup dumplings, but I'd also recommend the orange beef and the crispy beef. Portions are great.If you have a smaller party, you may wind up having to sit family style with another small party, which you can either see as a bad thing or an opportunity to make friends. Warning: Joe's is CASH ONLY so keep that in mind when you're coming in.
I've heard such good things about this place that I was really excited to go. There were a bunch of people outside waiting to be seated but my boyfriend and I only needed to wait around 10 minutes for the two of us. They do an interesting thing where if you have a small enough party, they do community tables and you share a table with another small party. I was pretty hungry so I didn't mind sharing a table.We ordered two orders of xiao long baos (xlb) and one order of potstickers for 6.25 each and 8 pieces which is pretty cheap! When we got the orders they were super hot and fresh! The potstickers were flavorful and luckily it didn't taste too oily like some places make it. The xlb were huge and very flavorful! Probably the best soup dumplings I've ever had!
This was suggested not once, but twice by folks I knew. I went in during a weekday and I managed to find it not as crowded as I was originally concerned. Especially being one person they accommodated me and knew immediately what I wanted to try. The Xiao Long Bao I had was Pork. The soup was fatty and delicious and really warmed me up. The issue I had was that the skin wasn't well put together and some did burst upon handling it but no worries, I managed to scrap up every bit of soup I could find. Still a solid choice but it's not there as my favorite soup dumplings, but I will come back and try again.
I don't understand why there are so many raving reviews when you could get similar soup dumplings elsewhere or even at their own chain restaurants on 56th street or 37th avenue where there is probably better service. In all honesty, I come solely for their soup dumplings but, it can get boring. Unfortunately, whenever I decide to venture off into other foods on their menu, I am disappointed. If you want to try their soup dumplings, then come here. They offer either crab pork or pork dumplings in a stacked bamboo container straight from the stove. Always piping fresh. It is best eaten with some soy sauce, vinegar, and ginger. It gives the pork a fresher stronger flavor. Make sure to use your spoon to catch the soup when picking up the dumplings! Now if you want to try other foods, I recommend other restaurants. Their portions are small for the amount they charge and their service is atrocious. To be tightly seated with other strangers is honestly unappetizing and with all the cash they make under the table while evading taxes, they could use a renovation. At least their bathrooms. Even their waiters could use some etiquette lessons.I would only come back to entertain friends who insist on trying out this infamous soup dumpling restaurant.
We coming for dinner she tell us wait for 20 minuets and we waiting for over hour and 15 mins and the lady with the ponytail have a bad attitude and never smile. So sad.
If you think the soup dumpling here is good, you should consider Xian house of dumplings in SF. Both are very delicious: the latter comes in a smaller/cuter size that you can eat it with one bite; the former comes with XL size and make you feel really satisfied with your dollar spent. The service is ok to terrible: the ok part comes with a 30-minute wait (which is fine if their food is actually good); the terrible part comes in when they serve me wonton with RAW/RED pork!!! Except for the food safety, everything else seems on the ok side.
Good soup dupplings. Xiaolongbao!!!
This is not my first visit to Joe's Shanghai, but it's the first time I've been here in a while. Usually when I crave soup dumplings, I frequent two Shanghainese places on Mott Street. This time, I was with a friend who is new to soup dumplings, so I decided to take her to Joe's Shanghai since this place is more wellknown (so I assumed better). The last time I had been here was 3 years ago and I didn't remember much about the taste. Came as a party of 2 and didn't have to wait, but we were also right before the dinner rush. Wait service was good for chinatown, but I think that is because they cater to a large foreigner customer base. The food: we ordered a soup, pork soup dumplings, and beef pan fried noodles. The soup was okay, friend and I were both happy with it. The beef pan fried noodles were 3$ more expensive than the other places I go to, and did NOT taste as good. Greasy, oily, not authentic at all. However, my problem was with the soup dumplings. The middle dumpling was already leaking, and the ones on the side were all stuck to each other or stuck to the side. There was basically no way to eat them without having them all break. Maybe it was because I had ordered in English, and they thought I wouldn't know how soup dumplings should look?Anyway, after some deliberation about whether we should just eat them or not, I called a waiter over and made the problem known in Chinese. The waiter seemed very surprised to hear me speaking his language fluently. He tried to be like "oh, it's only one that's broken. It's very hard for the entire batch to all be perfect." As he said this, he tried to move two of the dumplings that were stuck to each other on the side. As soon as he did, they both broke and started leaking soup. At this point, he gave up and just got us a new batch. The new batch was a little bit better but still had two/three that broke easily. All in all, I've never seen soup dumplings look that sad... at least the waiter was nice enough about getting us a new batch. These dumplings are definitely not the best in NYC; you get find better tasting ones for cheaper in many other places. Lesson learned -- more famous place does not mean better food. Everyone, go to Mott Street for your soup dumplings.
I'm sad to say that Joes did not live up to the hype. We went on a soup dumpling crawl to six different restaurants and Joe's was tied for least favorite. We might have had a bad batch but our dumplings' skin were so thick, all of the dumplings were already broken so all that was left inside was oily pork :( 21 Shanghai House around the corner had no wait and were so much better. Sorry Joe's :( Their scallion pancakes were amazing though!! Would go back just for them.
I've had some damn delicious Xiao long baos in my tiny life span and I was so excited to try these because everyone I know who has lived in NYC has raved about them. Except they really didn't live up to the expectation. My friend and I ordered 3 orders of Xiao long baos because that's all that I came for, haha! And while they were good, they were not amazing. The buns were definitely filled with soup and the meat tasted fresh but the flavor was only a little above average. We also ordered some veggies and rice. They served our buns intermittently through the meal and almost forgot our 3rd order of buns! It just felt like they wanted us to leave at that point. Regardless, I had a good meal, and would recommend this place to someone who is missing their soup dumplings while in Manhattan. Not a bad deal for a good meal!
Overrated. I might be a bit too harsh on this establishment but here's why I'm rating 2-star. For a place with thousands of reviews, I'm expecting some top notch food but Joe's just doesn't deliver. Arriving at 530pm, I was in a 30-40 minute wait. Once you're inside you'll get seated at a table with other people unless your party is big enough to fill one of those big round tables. Don't really mind it though, just something you should anticipate. It's as clean as you'd expect from a "real" Chinese restaurant. I had the Xiao long nap, scallion pancake, and general tso chicken. It's decent. I'm from socal and this place is just about as good as any 3-star place you'll find here but with a long wait and less spacious. If this is the best Chinese New York has to offer then I'll be avoiding it for the rest of my time here. Also cash only, but no tip since it's included in the price. If anyone knows a better place to get Chinese food, send me a PM!
Very testy food , makes me back to the home already, we will back again if we have time in the New York City
Delicious. The pork soup dumplings were really tasty, but my personal faves were the scallion pancake (OMG so perfectly crispy and salty) and the Shanghai fried flat noodles (great crunch from the cabbage, and the pork in it has a sort of smoky flavor). It's really efficient but sooo crowded. But def worth it.
if you're looking for authentic shanghai xiao long bao DO NOT COME HERE this place is an absolute joke. I'm from California but my parents grew up in shanghai and I spent many years of my childhood flying back and forth from Asia and California. I've eaten so many delicious xiao long baos I can't even count and I really take pride in my culture and heritage. AUTHENTIC SOUP DUMPLING: like the name suggests, they're supposed to be small and pack a light, flavorful punch. The soup is filled with flavor and dumpling skin is thin but strong enough to hold the meat and soup. The meat is also supposed to be tender and juicy as well. That's basically my description of an authentic xiao long bao. SOUP DUMPLINGS HERE: incredibly subpar. Skin was way too thick, the soup was overly greasy and heavy, and the meat was too fatty. The xiao long baos came out and were basically unrecognizable. These dumplings were massive and looked nothing like what they're supposed to be. We also ordered the beef noddles and, again, were given greasy, oily, heavy food that was bland and disgusting. Another thing about this place that left me completely unsatisfied was the horrible service. Waited almost 30 minutes just for a class of water and was not treated the way customers should be treated. I don't understand the hype of this place at all. They do NOT serve authentic xiao long baos, there's horrible customer service, and food is subpar to say the least.
It's always a long line in Joe's Shanghai. As a Chinese, I can say it actually serves really good food with good price just like the restaurants in China. Taste almost the same and reminds me of the real Chinese dishes. We shared a table with other strangers because there were too many people. Just don't expect good atmosphere and good service here but it's really good Chinese food though.
I have to disagree with a lot of my friends and say that the XLB at Joe's Shanghai is....... NOT the father lol jk NOT better than Din Tai Fung! And this statement is for the XLB overall-- the flavor of the meat (both crab and pork), soup broth, and texture of the dumpling.This does not mean that Joe's XLB aren't good-- they're pretty damn tasty as well. SO clearly-- to any real foodie: go to Joe's and you be the judge !
I've only ever head soup dumplings in Boston's Chinatown, so I can't say that I have much to compare to. However, the pork dumplings and the crab dumplings I had here were great! The service here was pretty quick as well, which I appreciated. I also recommend getting their fried rice, as it wasn't too salty and it was a great way to fill up after having some dumplings. Don't forget to sprinkle some of the black vinegar on basically everything! Also this place is cash only.
Came here on the Sunday of the Chinatown lunar new year parade + it was Valentine's Day + it was the coldest day of the winter this year. This place was still packed, with a line. We lucked out and got seated right away at a shared table (everyone waiting must've had more than 3 in their party). Sheer luck, really. Anyone who whines about having to share tables with strangers really should just go somewhere else. What matters here is great Shanghainese soup dumplings steamed to order, and maybe a side dish or two. This is Chinatown, not midtown.Customer service is pretty great given how busy they are and how small the space is. They're efficient, but still they don't rush anyone to leave after finishing their food just to turn over tables. My Shanghainese parents swear by Joe's for the soup dumplings. It's a solid spot for this side of the globe.
You know this place is epically awesome from the line of people waiting outside.  Joe's was recommended to me by a friend and did not disappoint.  There are a few things you need to know before you go.  First is, you'll probably have to wait a bit to get in.  I was in a party of two and we waited around 20 minutes or so.  Not bad in my opinion.  Second, the restaurant is family seating style around large round tables that seat about 8 or so.  So there is a very good chance you'll end up sitting next to someone you don't know.  Third, people come here for the soup dumplings.  They are absolutely worth it so be sure to order them.  Fourth, they only take cash.  Now that you're all caught up to speed you should be ready to go.  The food is authentic, flavorful and portion sizes are large.  Dishes come out when they are ready (i.e. not at the same time).  The atmosphere is busy and energetic with waiters constantly traversing around taking orders and delivering food.  I specifically loved the 80's background music that was playing.  An odd choice for a Chinese place indeed.  But hey, I like the 80's and Chinese food so it was great combination for me.
This communal restaurant is my absolute favorite it China town! I always order pork crab soup dumplings! If you're going to eat here, it's a must! My favorite thing to order is the Shanghai fried rice and kung pao chicken. I sat communally which I thought was pretty cool. We got seated after a 10 minute wait which isn't bad. The service was pretty quick and accurate. The portions are plentiful. I was full and the food was great!
We went here thinking it would be the best Chinese we've had, and it was terrible. Absolutely terrible. The lo mein tasted completed charred, the chicken (#69) we had was bland, the service was crap, and all together, it was a waste of $60 cash, because they don't take credit cards. I'm thinking this place was great at one point but lost its Mojo over time. Don't come here if you honestly want good Chinese. But you all prob still will so whatevs. Hopefully it's better for you.
Came here for lunch with my family. We had to wait for about 20 minutes but it was worth the wait! we were seated at a large round table (we were 7) next to another family which was a little awkward but we didn't mind. The service was a bit lacking but the food was amazing! We ordered sweet and sour soup, general tsao chicken (twice since it was so delicious!), szechuan beef, and beef with string beans. Everything was excellent and I hoe to return to this restaurant in my future trips to NY!
A very famous restaurant for soup dumplings, and rightly so. We went on lunar new year, waited about 30-40min for two people. Do not ask the lady what number she's called, she will most likely snap at you.They have big round tables which they fill up, so you will be seated with other diners. They are so famous for their soup dumplings that the first question they ask when you sit down is, "start with soup dumplings?" When you say yes (because you don't say no to this question), they'll ask you if you want pork or crab. The crab soup dumplings actually has pork too, so non-pork eaters, beware.Portions are huge. Better to come in a party of 3 or 4. For 2 people, dumplings + 1 thing off the menu is enough to be stuffed. They also include gratuity to each check already.Crab (and pork) soup dumplings 8 big nuggets of flavor await for you to tear the skin a bit, then slurp the juices. No wonder people wait in line in the cold for this.Seafood rice cakeMy first time having rice cake. It was average for me.Shiitake mushrooms and bamboo shootsThis I recommend! Flavorful shiitake, with a crunch from the shoots, drenched in oyster sauce. Yum!
I've been to the other location in the west side, and this one in Chinatown has the more authentic ambiance. Got the usual orders of soup dumplings and string beans. I haven't been to other NYC places for xlb, but these ones were great.
The best soup dumplings in the US. This place is a charming gem, unless you have a large group you will undoubtly be sat with strangers. By the end of the meal they will become friends. The tea was delicious and I have since been trying to get my hands on what kind it is that they serve. If anyone knows please pm me!!! Bottom line, go here. You'll love it.
We were surprised to be sitting at a family style table with a rotating middle portion but I have no problem sitting with other people just be aware if you hate people or something. There was no wait for us but the place was full of people, the waiters work quickly to get you in and out. The dumplings are legit and the rest of the food is very good too. Complimentary green tea as well.
Came here based on a friend's friend's suggestion. The soup dumplings is what we had to try according to most people. We ended up getting 2 orders, one of pork and the other crab. Both were tender and full of protein, but both lacked flavor. It was basically stuffed dumplings with lots of liquid in them and no salt or other ingredients. You had to use the soy sauce to bring in flavor. Maybe this was the intention but for me personally, I would've liked to taste more with just the dumpling and the sauce be an enhancer. The prices were reasonable for New York. Each order had about 7 dumplings each.Overall, flavors weren't greatest so I wouldn't personally recommend this to anyone. But while we were there, it was packed and filled with a very diverse group of customers. It was somewhere in between clean and dirty. It was definitely authentic Chinese, with servers, menus, decor and overall vibe. It was very much a get them in and out as quickly as possible. Everyone was rushing including hostess and waiters. They could work on the customer service portion of their business.Also, CASH ONLY!
I wasn't ready for this experience. I had never had soup dumplings up to this point in my life and I feel like I've been seriously missing out. Straight up delicious. Keep in mind that there will be a line and that other dishes can get a little on the pricey side.
Crab meat with pork meat steamed bun-delicious. So juicy and flavorful. Well balanced flavor of crab and pork. Shanghai fried flat noodle-good. Very chewy flat noodles with a small amount of pork and vegetables. A little oily. Sautéed string beans-average. Fresh string beans. Well cooked. A little oily. Huge portion.
Shanghai Cafe Deluxe is my go to spot whenever I'm in NYC but this time I was with some friends who wanted to try Joe's Shanghai so I bit my foodie tongue to go with the flow. I've always wanted to compare Joe's to Cafe Deluxe since so many people rave about Joe's. Overall, I still prefer Shanghai Cafe Deluxe since their soup dumplings are better. 1. The dumplings were like a young teenage boy where the skin is so thin the dumplings were prematurely bursting with the graze of a chopstick.2. The soup dumplings at Joe's are bigger but too big for the spoon where the dumpling skin flows over the spoon which makes it harder to eat. The flavor of the broth was good though with the Crab being my favorite. We also ordered the fried rice cakes and I liked Shanghai Cafe's better. These were pretty greasy. But the other items we ordered were actually really good.Service was satisfactory and it was great to finally try out Joe's but my heart lies with another.
Came here this past Sunday with a group of 10 people, around 1pm.  Around the corner, another dim sum place had over an hour wait.  Here, we waited about 20 minutes, which for a large group in the middle of the weekend, is a dream.Great food, quick, FRIENDLY service, and SO VERY AFFORDABLE!  We got TONS of food and only paid about $20 bucks each.  There are also tons of vegetarian options so fellow vegs need not worry.
I usually don't do pros and cons lists.  But in Chinatown I think its the best option especially when choosing between so many restaurants.Pros- Soup Dumpling is Good- Seating moves quickly*- Also has a large menu- popular bucket list spotCons- Most likely have to share a circular table with other people- *long line- May get over looked or ruched due to volume of people at table
We heard about this place from chef Robyn from the rumor's bar kitchen "palate party" in Wilton manors, FL. check them out!!! Upon walking to the place located in a Chinatown-esk neighborhood, in an alley. There was a huge line outside the door. Walk inside give the hostess the number in your party and she gives you a number. Eventually the same hostess will come and call random numbers to come in. It's family style seating so be prepared to make friends at a shared table if necessary. Small place, seats about 25 people. They are known for their soup dumplings so that is all we were there to try before our flight. You can choose from crab or pork meat with crab. These dumplings were the best I have ever ever had. Huge portion, 6 for $9. We got the mix of pork and crab. Full of delicious broth with so much filling. Steamy and heaven! 10hrs later on a flight back home to Fort Lauderdale, and I was still talking about them. The people we got sat with ordered other food, that also looked and smelled delicious!
Came here on a Sunday night around 6pm and the wait was 20 or so minutes. Ordered the pork soup dumplings to start -- delicious. They make the skin really thin, which is what you want in good soup dumplings. The soup is actually incredibly filling, so one of these per person can easily fill you up. Also ordered #63, which was a spicy chicken dish. Also great! Then we had the 水煮鱼片. It was by far my favorite. The dish wasn't too oily, and tasted like the "mala" flavor that Sichuan food is famous for. Lastly, we had the mushroom and bamboo veggie dish. This was the least inspiring, as everything was doused in way too much oyster sauce. I think it really depends on what dish you get here. I opted for the more Sichuan dishes even though this is a Shanghainese place.
Crab. Soup. Dumplings. Wow. The flavor is unrivaled. I can appreciate a good soup dumplings. Their crab soup dumplings have an extra oomph of flavor. Truly next level. Yes, the wait can be crazy. Yes, you might be sharing a table with strangers. However, these soup dumplings are very special and must be tried at least once. Their regular soup dumplings are good as well, but not as unique.
They were great, then they were good, now they are ok/good. The customer service isn't the best, its pretty much "you get what you get" and sometimes that's hit or miss. I've begun to go elsewhere for my soup dumplings these days...
Both the pork and pork & crab soup dumplings were pretty good! They're not nearly as good as the ones I've had in Asia, but they will definitely suffice if you're craving some sizzling hot and cheap soup dumplings to fill your cravings. Please note that these are HUGE (quite ironic considering xiaolongbao literally translates to "small" in Chinese). I guess larger portions aren't really worth complaining about, but the size does make picking up the dumpling without ripping the skin or spilling the soup much harder...so be careful!I also tried the Shanghainese fried flat noodles, fish and wood ear cooked in a Chinese wine broth (apparently very traditional Shanghainese dish!), and some simple stir fried veggies. Everything tasted fine but were a bit too greasy for my liking. Though the wait may look long, the line moves quickly as the restaurant is very fast at getting food out. You will unfortunately likely have to share a table. For some reason, the restaurant contains mainly large 8-12 people tables when the groups that come are usually between 2-4. If you're uncomfortable with eating so close to strangers, then you probably shouldn't come here.I'd eat here again if out-of-town friends really want to have a no-frills dinner at a popular spot in NYC, but otherwise, I'll stick to the many other options in Chinatown for my dumplings.
Of course we came for the soup dumplings. They were pretty good. And fun to eat. We also tried the shanghai noodle soup, which was hearty and comforting. The broth was a little too salty for me. I actually diluted the leftovers with water the next day and that helped. We also tried the chicken with rice cakes and the cabbage beef and mushroom dish served with tortillas. The flavors aren't complex. Generally everything is really salty. It tastes good (in a fast food way), but not exactly rich or interesting.
There's always a huge line here with people waiting outside. The wait time could be anywhere from 20 minutes to 1 hour. The soup dumplings are so worth it though! Out of the 5 times I've been here, there was only one time that the soup dumplings weren't that great.
Not sure how difficult it is to find soup dumplings in the city, but I felt that this place was a bit overhyped. The soup dumplings with crab meat were pretty good, but the plain pork ones were very average and didn't have enough soup in them. I tried a few other veggie/meat dishes as well, which all tasted just mediocre.The restaurant itself just seemed too noisy and crowded, but service was still prompt. Fortunately, all the food came out within a reasonable span of time. I just wish the quality were better.
I come here every time I'm in Chinatown and I assure you this place never disappoints. It's tucked away on a side street that's pretty packed. I will admit if you get there around lunch time you will be waiting. Don't be surprised if you have to wait for 30 mins or longer but it will be worth it. I always bring people here whether they are from the area or out of state and each time I get the same thankful response. I actually started coming here as a child with my aunt and I've been going for at least 10 years. The place is pretty big with individual and family style seating. Usually they mix match groups at family styles which is pretty cool since it allows you to connect with others. Service is always fast and courteous. I always order pork soup dumplings along with a scallion pancake and a Tsing Tao. I've known others to order chicken or noodles and those were also amazing. When I got with one other person my bill is always under $20 and that includes tip. Even in a group of six we didn't pay more than $55. Make sure you have cash as they DO NOT take card. Definitely a place to visit when in NY.
Every time I come to New York, I always have to stop by Joe's Shanghai. I've only gotten the soup dumplings here and they do not disappoint!
Has a C rating but we waited amidst crowds of mostly tourists with a good mix of Chinese families and groups for about 30 minutes to get a table. It's communal seating which I loved & the inside is drab and tacky but in the best way possible. We only got fried rice but it was just as good as some of the fried rice I had in China! Overall I would go not only for the good food but also the overall experience. It's super busy and chaotic but worth risking the C rating lol Also worth mentioning the food is meant to be shared. We had no idea when we ate there so my brother and I both got our own fried rice & our friend got her own noodle dish. We were the talk of the town for the rest of the table as they were Chinese and didn't speak any English. They visibly made fun of us the whole meal lol. We didn't mind though because honestly when we were in china we got the exact some reactions no matter how much we tried to blend it or how much of the customs we followed or the language we spoke. Felt like being right back in western China lol.
As average as it gets, what's with the hype?  The highlight was suppose to be the crab dumplings and even that was just average.  The rest of the food was greasy Chinese food, that had tons of MSG to it.  The seating is horrible, they sat us down in a large shared table, and we were blown to icecube with the horrible A/C vent above us.  The food got cold as soon as it hit the table.  Sorry not going back, there's gotta be better Chinese food that Joe's in New York right, very disappointing.
Freakin' delicious.But I don't need to tell you that...this is Joe's 4000th review on Yelp (literally I am number 4000) and it seems quite clear that the freakin' soup dumplings are freakin' delicious.On our first visit, we foolishly opened up the menus looking for the words "soup dumplings" and had to confirm with the waiter that number 1 and number 2 (pork and crab) were what we were looking for. Yes, he said, those are the soup dumplings. And they were every bit as amazing as we'd hoped. For my tastes, the pork was best.But a word of advice: if you don't know how to properly eat a soup dumpling, google it and watch a quick vid. In a nutshell, use the tongs to grab the dumpling from top (so it doesn't break) and place it on your spoon. Bite off the top, slurp out a little soup, and spoon a bit of that delicious vinegar on there. Now take a good slurp of the soup, and then eat the dumpling.FREAKIN' DELICIOUS.
5 stars for everythings here.. I came with my teacher and my classmates (we were 11 peoples). They were pack already. We ordered Pork steam bun(my favorite) Pork fried and steam, pork fried rice, house fried rice, shrimp lo mein, fried chickens (I like it too) and some soup. Lucky us that 2 of my friends are Chinese. Service was fast...
The best soup dumplings in the state. Recommend to stop in and get soup dumplings whenever in NYC! I only come here for this so I can't vouch for other items but the soup dumplings are a must!
I heard that Joe's Shanghai is famous for their xiaolongbao (soup dumplings), so I decided to drop by on Sunday to give them a try. There were no seats available so I asked for 2 orders of xiaolongbao (8 dumplings per order) to go. The dumplings looked very sad and deflated in the to go containers. The soup dumplings in the Yelp photos look very full and pillowy, so maybe the dumplings here are best eaten fresh. I did not enjoy the taste and texture of these xiaolongbao as much as the xiaolongbao from Nan Xiang Dumpling House in Flushing. The skin felt too doughy and the meat/broth did not taste as flavorful.I'd like to come back and get a table next time so that I can try the fresh dumplings that they serve here.
Long wait but totally worth it! This was the "it place" when it comes to soup dumplings and boy oh boy do did I love them! Our wait was about 30-45 minutes long, not too shabby, but keep in mind this was around 1-2pm so definitely not during the lunchtime rush. They give you a number and someone needs to stay close by to listen to them yell the numbers. The place isn't huge, so expect to be a little squished together, which isn't too bad. We had a Chinese speaker on the team, so communicating was definitely not a problem for us and so I can't vouch that they're English is good or not. The soup dumplings are a MUST MUST MUST if you come here. Soups are nice and piping hot, they serve complimentary tea, like most Chinese restaurants do, and we had drunken chicken (chilled). We had multiple "layers" of soup dumplings, most of them being pork fillings and 1 tray was crab filling.The idea of the place is they ask you first hand if you want soup dumpling. PLEASE just say yes (since I recommend it -wink wink-). The reason why I say decide NOW is that it does take them a while to make. They do make it fresh when ordered. So before you even finish your "layer" of dumplings. I highly recommend you order another set (if you want) when you are HALF WAY FINISHED! This way there's no long wait in between. Instructions for first timers with soup dumplings?First the tricky part if to get the dumpling OFF the bamboo steamer. This is hard because it slightly sticks to the bottom. They do provide a tong for you to use, but in my honest opinion, chopsticks were easier for me. So the really tricky part if to grab these suckers off the steamer and ONTO your SPOON!!! This requires some ultra awesome skills! After you successfully grab these wonderful buns onto your spoon nibble off the top and I mean it when I say nibble a small hole because next you're going to decide whether or not you want to put black vinegar inside the dumpling! I absolutely love the black vinegar with the dumpling, but if it's not your cup of tea don't do it! I'd recommend trying it with at least one to see if you like it or not. But if not skip the vinegar part and now onto the "sucking" part. What you want to do after you nibble off a hole on the top, you want to suck the soup into your mouth SLOWLY. Be careful not to burn your mouth! After you've successfully sucked out the soup you plop the entire thing into your mouth and chew. Make sure you can handle a bit of heat, because initially it's going to be HOT. After you're finished all these steps you have truly become a soup dumpling master! FYI for the crab dumpling, since it's nearly impossible to remove all the shells, there might be a tiny fragment of the shell stuck in the meat, make sure to chew slowly! Not that I had a problem with the crab dumpling here, it's just my word of caution when it comes to crabs! Overall excellent place to eat at! Definitely loved the homey feel of the restaurant and would totally recommend this place to anyone! I absolutely enjoyed my expereince here.
I will be back. Amazing culinary experience. "Xiao long bao" were so tasty I ordered two types, prawn and pork.
Definitely my top Chinese food spot. Come here every Sunday for the perfectly cooked sesame chicken and soup dumplings. The scallion pancakes are to die for!  Service is always on point, I never wait more than 5 minutes for the first dish to come out. Always recommend to and bring friends with me. 5 stars!!
Very clean environment and the food was very good.  The service was quick (perhaps because it isn't during hottest time of the day) and the food came out a lot quicker than expected.  The pot has a lot of things in it including crab, fish, mussels, etc.  I personally liked the Ma Po Tofu.  Highly recommend!
*Note: this place is cash only! There's an ATM across the street in a convenience store if ya need to get some $$$.I've been coming to Joe's Shanghai for soup dumplings since 2014. I just went this past Monday around 4 pm and the xiao long bao was still so incredible, holy moley. I was by myself, but at that time there was no line and no wait regardless. I ordered scallion pancakes with crab XLB and the scallion pancakes came out very quickly, maybe about 5 minutes after I ordered. The XLB took a bit longer, about 10 minutes after I finished eating the pancakes. There were 8 dumplings in the order (more than I remembered--was expecting 6) so it was a challenge to finish by myself, but I do not like to be bested by food EVER. I managed to finish everything and also down the entire pot of tea AND a glass of water. The meal came to less than $14 (incredible). Can't beat that price. Actually, just a quick note--this location is significantly cheaper than the midtown one. The vibe is much better too in my opinion. Even though you sit at a round table with strangers, it's never weird.Another thing I like about coming here is that it's very clean I never leave feeling greasy or nauseous--just very pleasantly full. There's a spot closer to my area (I live in NJ) that I don't go to anymore because it didn't have a clean feel and also the oil they use for their fried foods always made my stomach act up.
I'm putting aside the fact that the staff is rude because the food was awesome. When you sit down the waitor doesn't say hello, they ask you how many dumplings you want. They are very very good! Everything is good there, i'm a huge fan and everytime we're in town we come here.Cash Only... Beware
I am a XiaoLongBao - Soup Dumplings Connoisseur.I've had XLB from Cali to China to NYC and this place is one of the worst I've had ever. Skin - was so thin it was falling apart and not only couldn't hold the soup but could barely hold the meat.Soup - was loaded with so much pepper it make it taste almost spicy but not a good spicy.Meat - is on the same boat as the soup. I don't see how they can disregard how much pepper they are loading in there. It's like eating something and pouring a bottle of pepper in your mouth between each bite.Atmosphere - on top of that, they only take cash (which didn't affect me). They charge a gratuity on anyone regardless of how big is your party (which doesn't affect me if they would do their job and serve). Have you ever had. Group of guys joking and staring at you while you eat? It's pretty uncomfortable.Most XLB places hire females or a mixture, but they only wanted guys and for that they probably have people that don't want to tip them and they resort to charging it.Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against them charging a gratuity since it was stated. The problem I have is if you're going to charge one then actually do your job instead of standing there and messing around.P.S. This is my personal opinion but look and compare the reviews for the places around NYC.I will give any place a second chance but I just don't see myself ever liking this place. It lacks in every aspect of XLB with no positives at all. Also they leave their Black vinegar dip outside sitting on the table which is gross. I hope they change it between customers but regardless it's not sanitary to just leave it sitting there. At least have the decency to bring it from the back whether it's clean of not; at least I won't see it.Do yourself a favor and go to any of the hundred ones around there.
I've been dying to visit Joe's house to try some of his xiao long bao for the longest time now! It's been bookmarked on my Yelp for days, and now that my friend hustles around NYU, she finally took me and damn... Joe delivered the hot, steamy goods... woof.It turns me on just thinking about how good the xiao long bao is here! I've seen my friends go up and down on their reviews, and perhaps it's a combination of the chef cooking that day, or how long it's been since I've had these little dragon dumplings, or maybe the fact that I think Din Tai Fung is hella overrated and needs to step down.Yep, prob the later.But you must try the food here. The hour long wait? Sure, but just grab some ice cream or boba before hand and you're settled. When you are seated, whether you are sharing a table or not, know what you want beforehand. The servers are busy but they try to help as much as they can considering the mob rush during the evening hours.When you order the xiao long bao (pork or crab, either were great!), make sure you know how to eat it! Take a small bite on its side, suck it (the soup yo), and then swallow... or chew on the meat a little bit so that you don't burn your throat. Please dip it into the vinegar and ginger for an extra punch. The xiao long bao here are larger, have thicker skin, and are overall tastier.You're still reading my review? You either have a really dirty mind, or are just hungry. I choose both.Anyway, tag on a scallion pancake, some Shanghai Fried Noodles (which are not referred to as lo mein here), and you're all set! They even throw in some orange slices in true Chinese restaurant fashion when you end your meal.Thanks Joe. You gave me a fab ride for my mouth... and you weren't that expensive either! Keep it up and I'll be coming back soon for round two, hun.
The food looks better than some other Chinese restaurant I'm Chinatown. The beef Sichuan had medium amount of paper which was good for my taste. The pick probably not the best choice for a shanghai style restaurant. Usual folks try soup dumpling which is their signature dish,  but it does not have enough variety. Also 15 percent tip is already added to your bull. Downsides, small space,  decor is way old and rusty, only cash accepted. Servers do not attend regularly only when you ask them, basically looks like there is no assigned server for any table like some low key Asian restaurant.
Soups dumplings were amazing! We ordered both kinds but the pork we're our favorite. You have to share a table with whomever they seat you with. Not a bad thing, just a warning. The prices for this were much less expensive than most other NYC restaurants and the food far exceeded our expectations.
Solid food but overrated and not particularly worth waiting for. I went with a group of 8 and we waited 20-30 minutes since it was on a weekday and snowing outside. I've tried to go a few times before and the wait would always be 1-1.5 hours. If I even tried to wait that long, I'd end up walking around Chinatown and eating my fill at other places for half the price.Pros:- Lots of soup in the pork dumplings! They were yummy but fell apart rather easily. - Scallion pancakes were delicious.- Portions for other entrees are massive. We were way too ambitious when ordering and didn't finish 1/3rd of the food.- Decently clean bathroom! A rare find in Chinatown.Cons:- Long wait. Your whole group has to be there when called otherwise they'll skip onto the next.Tips:- Cash only.- Definitely get the pork dumplings over crab.
Joe's is exactly what you expect in china town. its small, cramped, loud, busting etc. Service is fast. They will try to seat you at a big round table with strangers but if you ask, you can wait for a single table. It just may take a few more min. The beef soup dumplings are excellent, the noodles and fried rice are excellent, as was a shrimp and scallop entire.  veg sides are very good too.
One of my favorite places to eat in Chinatown and the go to spot where I bring my non American friends from different states/countries. I love their juicy soup dumplings! It's only $6-$8 for 8 pieces on a wooden basket on top of a piece of lettuce so it won't stick. It comes with the vinegar soy sauce, which is the perfect combination! Well even without the sauce the soup dumplings itself is very juicy so I would recommend drinking the soup first then add the sauce. You should use the thongs to hold the tip of the dumpling then gently put it on your spoon so the soup doesn't come out. I always get the pork and the crab one and the black bean paste noodle - zha jiang mian. You can just say that to them and they know what it is. I definitely recommend! I swear these are the only things I eat there and I am satisfied! I'm sure the other stuff on the menu is just as good. The service is okay but I don't blame them because it's always packed and you always have to share the table with other people. Nonetheless, I still give this place five stars.
This place is awesome. The pork dumplings are amazing. The water spinach definitely compliments it. We even sat next to Japanese people who coached us though ordering and properly eating the dumplings. One of the best eating experiences I have ever had. I will eat here again if I can.
Gotta say this place lives up to the hype even as a a vegetarian! Wait: usually not more than 30 minutes as the service is very fast and there's lots of seating. menu: tons of choices and the dumplings are of course a reason to come here. I enjoyed a ton of veggie options and fell in love with the scallion pancakes and a mushroom veggie dish!!! Service: very fast, very prompt. Cons: cash only and they do family style communal seating.
Head to Joe's Shanghai Restaurant for the soup dumplings, or Xiao Long Bao (XLB). Take note, they are NOT called either on the menu, so they're hard to pick out on the menu if you're not in the know. They seat you at communal round tables and we actually had to ask our neighbors what they are actually called on the menu. Note: They are the first and second items on the appetizer menu and they are called "buns" on the menu.Stay strong with your order. As fellow Yelper Augusto mentioned, if you ask for a dish that takes 15 min to prepare, alternatives will be suggested -- this is totally true! Don't let them deter you from your initial order.We got one order of the crab XLB which come with 8 dumplings. They are absolutely amazing! If you come here, just stick to ordering these or the pork XLB. This is what they are most famous are and this is where they shine. We also ordered a beef noodle soup and the scallion pancake. The soup was just okay. The broth was alright, but the noodles were really mushy and not at all springy. The scallion pancake was nice though and that's pretty cheap and a decent add on. Don't make a mistake when eating the XLB. Here's how to eat one:Pick one up with your chopsticks, and put it onto your soup spoon. Take a small bite off of the top, and if you wish, pour some of the yummy sauce in, and then devour. Do NOT try to take an initial bite just off of your chopsticks, or you will get soup all over yourself! I may or may not have accidentally done that.If I came again, I would just share several orders of the Xiao Long Bao - one pork order and one crab order! Heed my advice! Their other dishes are pretty lackluster.
Note: This establishment is CASH ONLY and shared table dinning. and MSG laced.Ordered Crab Meat Soup Dumplings , Chinese onion pancake, General Tso Chicken, Chicken Fried Rice, Sauteed Choy sum with Garlic.Could not eat the Soup dumplings due to presence of Pork the crab meat was misleading as it turns out that it was a mix of Pork and Crab Meat how ever my friend ate it and loved the flavour. General Tso Chicken was dry and non impressive, the Sauteed Choy Sum was well flavoured, over all the food was plentiful but nothing out of the ordinary.Total cost of dinner for two was 63$ and a 20% tip which seemed mandatory to the already rude staff, an interesting thing to note is that the servers count the tip in front of the pardons and then react accordingly if they feel that it is not enough, be aware.The remainder of the evening was spent feeling upset in the stomach.Not worth a visit.SCOREFlavour: 2Presentation:2Authenticity: 4Portions: 3Cleanliness: 1Speed of Service: 2Value for Money: 1
YUMHaving zero experience with GOOD soup dumplings in CT, I was super excited to find out about Joe's.Victims:- Xiao Long Bao or "Little Dumplings in the Basket" (Pork version)- Scallion pancake (omg, try this, you won't regret it!)- Vegetable with bean curd (so'kay)Their hours everyday, are 11am-11pm. Arriving exactly at 1130am, I was not surprised to find out that there was a 30 minute wait. Bordering on being "hangry", it was well worth the wait. Seating is communal style -- there are about a dozen large circular tables of 10. It's fun dining with complete strangers! Our dining companions were mostly from New England, but we had a couple straight from France! Dumplings are fresh and made to order. They arrived at our table in piping hot bamboo steamers. Each plump dumpling contains a little pork meatball surrounded by a delightful meaty broth.To prevent burning one's mouth and to savor the dumpling, the BEST method of consumption is to bite off a little piece of the doughy wrapper, drip the broth to a spoon or suck the broth with a "slurp", and then down the hatch! It was really funny watching newbies and other diners fail so hard. Knowing we were going to spend the rest of the day in the City, we didn't want to overeat. Otherwise, I would have easily tried the spicy szechuan-style sliced beef, crispy jumbo prawns w/ lime sauce, or braised duck. If this is your first time in Chinatown, don't forget to try these guys out!
The place was crowded and the food was okay. The only good thing we got were the crab dumplings.
Guilty. Yes, I complained about the long wait on Christmas day but partially it was our fault for leaving for ice cream and coming back.  But I didn't think I was as serious as others.  Though it was concerning, one lady was shaking out of hunger or frustration for the long wait while she was specifically told by her family member it would be at least an hour wait.  Or another group that we ended up having to sit next to that had endless complaints.  Bottomline, come with patience and be prepared to wait.Once you arrive in Pellet street, you'll see mass people in all directions waiting. Ask around before standing around because like today, you have to go in and put in the # of your party and claim a # ticket.  Once your # is called, it will feel like you had won a small prize with envying eyes everywhere.  Inside, there's around 10 round tables and just note that you'll be seated with strangers if your party is smaller than 10.  And yes, dismay the long wait, food comes out super fast.We had the pork soup dumplings($6.25) and crab+pork soup dumplings($8.25), their most popular dishes.  My second time here and their soup dumpling is unbeatable!  So much soup in these tiny dumplings that will make your mouth dance!  Oh, but I do prefer the pork over the crab+pork~Pay at the table and you're all set. (Cash only with 15% service charge already included as well as tax - so make sure you have cash!)  Afterwards, I recommend walking around a block to the Chinatown Original Ice Cream Factory to get their egg custard ice cream or their unique flavors such as almond cookie, lychee, sesame, and more! Perfect ending to the meal and don't forget to walk around Chinatown! You'll find something grabbing your attention every store =)
Food is good as expected. But price is high. They also need to renovate. The furniture is old. But I think they believe in not changing anything because of the superstition that it will blow away all their good luck and blessings. They also need to get their city rating up from B. It's kinda gross to think that they're not clean back there handling food.
Hole in the wall with the most delicious soup dumplings. Every time I'm in the city I frequent this place! Meaning I come here 2-3 times even if I'm only in town for the weekend. The other food options are alright but I definitely recommend their specialty dumplings. Lunchtime during the week is always hectic but I do not care. I will wait around for a table for those dumplings. The ambiance is a little chaotic... expect to share your table with strangers! Don't bring friends that are picky eaters or don't like pork. This is not for them.
Go on a cold, bleak (but tbh when is NYC not one of those 2) or even rainy afternoon to cut down on waiting time.The food here is slightly better than all the fast and cheap joints surrounding the area. It's Chinatown, no place ever tastes terrible! At least from the price standpoint anyway. The winner here are definitely the soup dumplings, they ooze with salty soup and are packed with meaty deliciousness.The vibe is kind of hurried with the way they seat you adjacent to another group/couple that's eating. I didn't really mind though, the couple next to me was nice and even encouraged that I tried some of their dishes (they had a whopping 5 dishes while I waited patiently for mine).The tip is included within the check/receipt, so tip extraneously only if you wish!
By far my favorite food is Chinese. So, being new to NYC, I had to ask all my co-workers and friend what the best Chinese was in town. The consensus, Joes' Shanghai. Well, I must agree, hands down, best Chinese in New York. They have two locations, one in mid-town and the other in Chinatown. We of course decided that the better of the two options would be Chinatown, because hey, why not? As expected, their was a wait of roughly 30 min, which was true to form. Since visiting our first time, we have come back numerous times and brought friends from out of town. Note before you go, they are cash only, so make sure to stop at the ATM before. All in, its worth the wait and travel (if its far for you), you wont be disappointed!
The wait on a Sunday night for dinner was about 45 minutes and as far as the food was concerned it was worth it. My family and I had a few entrees and some dumplings and the food was great.To reiterate what a few other people have stated the place feels like a tourist trap and is way too expensive (even for NYC). Cash only is also a negative along with waiters who hover over you and watch you eat.
BELIEVE THE HYPE!!!#117 spicy beef tendon soup (with some extra chilli sauce to spice it up some more) has got to be the best soup I've ever had.
Good soup dumplings, although in my opinion it is not number 1 in the city. The soup dumplings here are juicy and satisfying, definitely worth a short wait if need be. Too bad it's a tourist trap now.
Went to try what I was told was the best soup dumplings in Chinatown. The dining area was full on a summer week night, so I was hopeful about the hype. Despite the crowd, we were seated immediately at a large table that we shortly thereafter shared with another group of 5 visiting from the UK. We were quickly attended to and served our delicious fare. The soup dumplings were tasty, though it did take a bit longer to receive our order of crab stuffed dumplings than did our neighbors across the table. The supporting dishes were also quite flavorful, especially the minced bean curd and eggplant with garlic sauce. Only one star removed for being a cash only location.
It's small, it's busy, it's dirty, but the soup dumplings are worth it. We've been countless times and whenever someone in our group orders anything other than the XLB, they always kinda wish they just had more dumplings. Make sure to use your vinegar and chili sauce, and order a side of scallion pancakes for good measure.
Not bad, but I think overrated. I'm a big fan of soup dumplings; Din Tai Fung is a fave of mine. So given the high ratings for Joe's, I was hopeful. We got the scallion pancakes, pork xiao long bao, crab & pork xlb, and string beans The scallion pancakes were pretty good - nicely fried and good thickness and crispy. Green beans were tasteless and a waste; don't order itOnto the dumplings... the pork ones were fine, but nothing special. The crab ones were ok; I actually just preferred the pork ones. A little too fishy for me.Service was good.We had a 10-15" wait, so it's fine, but i wouldn't wait 30 minutes for this. If the wait is short, you might as well try Joe's and see for yourself.
Supposed to be the mecca of shanghai dumplings in NY.  I just thought they were okay.  The service wasn't anything special.  Most dumplings broke when removing them from the steamer.  Had to share a table with another set of people, it wasn't a big issue, just something to note.The food came out fast, I just wasn't wowed.  Apparently everyone else loves this place, so give it a try for yourself.
As many have said, the steamed dumplings are really good. But be careful, look around and watch others eat them before you do because I never saw them explain to any of the newbies how to eat them. Invariably they would try with chopsticks even though the soup inside the dumplings are still too hot and it would invariably squirt out onto the eater. Use a spoon, poke some holes and give it a minute to cool. Other than that, the food was enjoyable, but better in a family-style sharing way. Nothing fancy, just good food.
Not thoroughly impressed based on the hype of this place. Servings are huge and service was fairly quick. But the soup dumplings weren't as good as everyone hyped it up. Friends ordered the beef lo mein.... Also a miss. Not a place I'll revisit!
Another place that has their service down pat. We arrived just as they opened on a Saturday morning and waited in queue. We shared a table of six with two other out of town couples and eventually shared our food as well. They will pack the restaurant to capacity, but have found a great efficient system of doing so. Service was quick and friendly. We ordered the soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and fried bean curd. The bean curd was tasty but not really what I expected, my own fault. Scallion pancakes were too greasy, but had a great flavor. Soup dumplings were the highlight of the meal. Hot and steamy, plenty of soup inside. The wrapper to contents ratio was on point, but I felt the appearance was a bit lacking. They looked a bit too baggy and large in my opinion, because I was expecting a smaller dumping, one that can be enjoyed in one mouthful. Tasted great though!
Came here after over-ordering at Vanessa's Dumplings. Vanessa's was a little disappointing and we were stupid for ordering too much, but we still made our way here to try the soup dumplings. Got an order of the soup dumplings with pork/crab filling. Also, decided to try the Peking style black been noodles. The soup dumplings were so good! Wish we skipped Vanessa's wahhhh so we could eat more here. The black bean noodles were thin and came with small soft tofu, it was pretty good but tasted different than the Korean style I usually eat. The place is packed, but I think we only waited 15 min before getting seated on a round table with a bunch of random people. Would definitely come back to eat/try more when I go back to New York.
If you come here, you MUST try their soup dumplings. The fried beef isn't very good. It's dry and hard. We didn't end up finishing that dish. The other dishes were greasy too. We came here earlier at around 5:30 to avoid the wait but we still had to wait around 20-30 mins. I came with a party of 9 and they didn't have a table big enough so we had to split up.  The service was ok. We were rushed but that was only because so many people were waiting. But the waiters were friendly.
Recommend: AVOID THIS PLACEMEHhhh...DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE. I have been coming to joes for the past two years and this last experience is my last and final visit. After venturing NYC Chinatown scene and trying out a number of Chinese restaurants, specifically serving soup dumplings,  joes quality of dumplings are now near the bottom of my list. The pan fried noodles are also not what they used to be. The service has always been bad, even at Chinese food restaurant standards. Ok, I get it, you want to be "Authentic" by treating non-Chinese patrons rude. But seriously, this last visit was the worst. After we sat, we were rushed to place an order even though the place was half empty. The food came out and tossed onto the table with no mind to placement. Had to ask several times for utensils and napkins. Water boy came out with fingers "in the glass" as he was trying to hold too many glasses at once...Yuck! We were rushed to pay the bill and as they were closing asked to get up and leave. There were still several other people still eating so with the effin rush? Bye Joe's... your staff is RUDE AF and give Chinese restaurants a bad rap.
Joe's Shanghai is world famous for its xiao long bao (soup dumplings). There are three locations in New York: the original restaurant in Flushing, the second location in Chinatown, and the third location in Midtown. This review is for the Chinatown location.Some say Joe's has the best soup dumplings in the world. Others say they're overrated and the restaurant is too touristy. Well, there's no denying the touristy part. Chinatowns in most major cities are touristy in general. In my opinion (one of over 3,400 posted on Yelp at the time of writing this review), I thought the dumplings here were pretty good.Joe's is your typical Chinatown restaurant. It's not the cleanest nor swankiest. It's old school Chinese in every way, from the dated digs (down to the carpet) to the smell and humidity of the place (amalgam of different dishes). It was expectedly packed out during our Friday afternoon visit around 3pm. Luckily, our party of two was seated immediately at the first two-top table just inside the entrance, next to the stereotypical Asian fish tank.There's no space to wait inside, but there is a bench outside on the sidewalk. The place hustles and bustles and tables turn over quick. We may have had the only two-topper inside. There are a few four-tops and the rest of the tables are circular tables that can seat about 6-8 folks each. Other reviews suggest communal dining, so be aware of that.Joe's offers two types of soup dumplings: crab and pork meat dumplings for $8.25 or just pork meat dumplings for $6.25. These are items #1 and #2 under the Appetizers section of the menu. Eight dumplings come per order. Joe's offers a whole host of other Chinese food (over 140 items total) including Shanghainese dishes, duck, jellyfish, sea cucumber, noodles (both cold noodles and hot noodle soups), red bean pancakes, and more. You're looking at about $6-9 each for most apps, soups, cold dishes, and noodle dishes, and about $12-20 each for most entrees.Cash only.Joe's Shanghai wasn't high on my priority list of restaurants to try in New York, but it happened to be on our way to the 9/11 Memorial as we walked through Chinatown from the Lower East Side. We ordered just one basket of the pork dumplings (I'm allergic to crab) for an afternoon snack. We ended up enjoying them so much we asked for another.Each order of dumplings was made fresh. They came out piping hot from the kitchen in bamboo steamer baskets. The dumplings were laid atop napa cabbage. They were served with a side of black rice vinegar with ginger slices to use as a sauce (yummy). The dumplings were so hot that I had to wait a few minutes to let their soupy insides cool down. The dumplings were also served with a set of small tongs, which was great to use for lifting the dumplings out of the basket. Not all restaurants that serve soup dumplings provide this.If you've never had soup dumplings before, you should definitely try them. These aren't the typical "dumplings" most Americans are accustomed to. There's actually a flavorful, meaty, and fatty soup that comes spilling out from the inside of each dumpling. Therefore, you've got to be careful and gentle when handling these things. When lifting a dumpling out of the basket, you don't want to accidentally tear its skin and waste soup.The dumplings are made with a meat gelatin solid that's wrapped in a dough skin and then steamed. The heat causes the gelatin to liquify and become soup.Joe's soup dumplings are undoubtedly the biggest I've eaten up to this point. They easily pour over a standard sized Chinese soup spoon. Soup dumplings can be eaten in a handful of ways. These dumplings were so big, I'd let the soup leak out into my spoon and drink the soup (and sauce) then take a bite out of the dumpling which I held up with my chopsticks and spoon together. I'm not gonna lie - I got a lot of soup spillage on my plate (which I subsequently drank at the very end).A 15% service charge and 8.875% sales tax is applied to every bill, so there's no need to tip unless you want to tip more than 15%.In the end, I'm glad we decided to stop by Joe's Shanghai. While the soup dumplings didn't blow me away, I thought they were still quite delicious and among the best I've had. This place is certainly worth a visit if you happen to be nearby. It's a good experience.
So after seeing various New York foodie YouTube vids/vlogs and reading the Yelp reviews, I finally had my opportunity to go and see what the hype was all about with regards to Joe's Shanghai and their soup dumplings (XLB). And here are my honest opinions...Coming from Southern California, Asian food is already good here. There's no doubt about that. But I was curious as to see what made Joe's Shanghai's soup dumplings unique versus the soup dumplings here Mama Lu's at Monterey Park or Din Tai Fung (I have yet to try DTF because I personally think that DTF's XLB is overpriced af). Plus, my friends and I wanted to visit Chinatown in NYC so that was one of the perks of coming here during our NYC trip haha.When we arrived to Joe's Shanghai, it was around 8:30PM and it was still packed. We waited for a good 15-20 minutes before we were seated. One thing that I immediately noticed about this place was how many tourists were dining at this place. And by tourists...I mean by how many Caucasians were at Joe's Shanghai. It was an interesting observation because I would assume mostly Asians would dine at Asians restaurants but like no joke, it was mostly white people dining in hahaha. Extremely touristy. When I noticed that, I kinda knew that this would be some sort of a tourist trap but hey, I wanted to give this place a chance. Interestingly, a passerby-er shouted out that Joe's was a tourist trap right in front of the restaurant and we should try somewhere else LOL.The wait wasn't too bad. Though, it was extremely packed inside. And extremely loud and obnoxious...like your typical Asian restaurant.There are a bunch of large, family style tables but you're bound to share a table with fellow strangers. From what I remembered, we ordered the XLB, fried rice, and orange chicken. The fried rice and orange chicken were alright. The orange chicken literally tasted like oranges so it was a nice version of this common dish. Though, nothing too special but a little overpriced in my opinion.As for the XLB, what I do like about Joe's XLB is that I do believe that their soup:dumpling ratio is on point. It was served hot when it arrived (as it should). In each XLB, there is a right amount of soup per each bite and it's extremely juicy. Prices here are fairly cheaper than DTF but Mama Lu's is still slightly cheaper, I believe. Though, my criticism of Joe's Shanghai's XLB is the flavor of the soup.The soup in the XLB at Mama Lu's is much richer and more flavorful than at Joe's Shanghai. Plus, I believe that at Mama Lu's, the soup dumplings contain more soup flavor than actual dumpling (so every bite turns out amazingly delicious and rich, which I actually like to be honest). The other food entrees at Mama Lu's are much more appetizing and affordable than at Joe's Shanghai. To be honest, I was missing and craving more of Mama Lu's XLB because I miss the complex, rich flavor of their soup dumplings.Overall, it was pretty meh and I was sorta let down of Joe's Shanghai. Indeed, it is a tourist trap. Honestly, I wouldn't go out of my way to get XLB here since I know that there are some pretty bomb XLB here in Southern California. It was a good experience though!
We decided to go here based on the amount of reviews this place had on Yelp. It's in Chinatown in an alley so it does look sketchy if you don't know where you're going. We visited from Dallas and really wanted to have dim sum and what better place than Chinatown? It was much to my disappointment that this is more a traditional family style Chinese restaurant than a dim sum restaurant. That should definitely change on Yelp because it misled me to thinking there would be carts circling around me while I ate. We went on a Wednesday night and the wait for a big group of us was about 30 minutes. I would say expect a wait if you're going for lunch or dinner. It's a small restaurant and only one story. We walked around Chinatown during the wait since there isn't a wait area inside. You come in and it's what a Chinese restaurant should be like, a lot of hustling and bustling. The only thing on their menu that reminded me of dim sum was their famous soup dumplings. These take awhile to make so be sure to order as soon as you sit down if you want to try these. Like I said earlier, we didn't know it was family style so we each ordered a dish. We were a group of 9 girls. That being said, I wish they told it was family style because we were overwhelmed with food by the end of the night, which isn't a bad thing. We just felt bad because we were leaving the next day and our hotel didn't have a microwave so there was no point in bringing back the leftovers with us. My friends thoroughly enjoyed their foods but I didn't think it was too special. I got the braised beef noodle soup with bok choy. I only ate the beef because it was the only thing seasoned. But I did enjoy their soup dumplings! I wish I could have packed these things with me. It was super yummy and a decent size. The good thing was that everything was super cheap. The downside, if you're going in a big group, just split up the check on your own and have one person pay because accepted payment is only cash. Would I go again? Maybe, but only to gobble up the soup dumplings.
Horrible service, the dumplings are good the rice sucks. No duck sauce and no fortune cookies. Servers look like they hate life.
This is a quiet smLl restaurant located in Chinatown but man do they have great Xiao long bao (soup dumpling). We also ordered one other dish which was good and I'd come back again.
YES, we luv Joe's!!!As one of the most low-key but delicious meals in NYC, gotta say we love Joe's because:* GET - Xiao Long Bao = Joe's specialty!  We got crab & pork and just-pork varieties, multiplied few times over...* GET - Stir-fried Green Beans = Yep in all their garlicky glory~* GET - Scallion Pancake = my Asian cohorts specifically determined this was one of the best they've ever had~* GET - Stir-fried Pork Rice Cakes = yeeees, so chewy and tasty* GET - Pork Flaky Pepper Bun = lmao, don't know what this is actually called but it was good* YES - Loud, boisterous "dinner" ambiance even at 9:45pm!* YES - We got lucky!!   Line was out the door with several parties ahead of us: we waited 3 minutes only (maybe worked my front-door charm?  LOL!)* YES - Since we were small party of 4, we ended up sharing table with this adorable Trinidadian family...ended up making new friends!   Ahhh New York...* YES - Good for large parties, although that may equate to longer wait* FYI - Yes, accepts credit cards* FYI - Yes, Chinese-joint so waiters are rushed, quick, but not necessarily polite* FYI - No reservations
When I go to NYC I have to drop by here to get my filling of the soup dumplings. Its pretty cheap and super yummy to me. One of my favorite place to have some Asian food. Only thing is its a bit small and most of the time I have to shared table with other people, which I don't mind only if the table were bigger.
These are the best Xiao Long Bao's I've ever had. What is a Xiao Long Bao-Soup Dumplings filled with hot soupy broth. You eat with a little soy sauce vinegar and thin slices of ginger. For the noob to this area, this is what you get when you come to Joe's Shanghai.Instructions: -Gently lift the XLB out of the steamed basket with tongs and place in soup spoon (careful they break easily)-Take a small bite off the top, sip the hot broth inside-pour some soy sauce vinegar inside the dumpling-consume the rest of the dumpling-REPEATCrab Xiao Long Bao ($8.25) "Crab Meat with Pork Meat Steamed Buns" on the menu. Eight little pockets of gold. Skin is thin, inside is super soupy and rich broth, and the meat themselves are delicious.Pork Xiao Long Bao ($6.25)"Pork Steamed Buns" on the menu. Again delicious. May I note too that these XLBs are pretty decently sized!GET IT YO.
Soup dumplings are good, not amazing or better than the streets of flushing. The food is really good, the decor is pretty bad. Old chairs and table, and waiters will watch your every move. It was a bit awkward. Food was delicious, if I'm in the area I will def go again! Food recommendations:Braised pork shoulderSoup dumplings Sea bassAny fried rice Hunan pork w shrimp Can't go wrong with anything honestly. There is a wait and expect to sit with a random group of people, which makes the experience fun.
My daughter took us there, and the half hour wait was well worth it. There were many people in line outside before dinner, as well as after dinner when we left, while the surrounding restaurants had no lines. The specialty soup dumpling was unique and tasty. We ordered two excellent dishes - shrimp and scallops as well as black mushroom chicken garlic. Wish I lived in NYC to come back more often. It definitely is on my list whenever I visit NYC. Also the service was good.
I'm probably spoiled by all the good eateries in LA, but Joe's Shanghai was pretty disappointing.  The hubs and I came for an early dinner but it was already busy.  We got seated with a family of eight strangers.  Kinda weird but this place is tiny.  So if you're not into dining with complete strangers, this might be an issue.  Scallion pancakes were bomb.  I would get it again!  Got an order each of the pork and and crab XLB/soup dumplings.  The hubs thought the crab filling was a bit too fishy.  I though both dumplings were okay.  I felt like the meat wasn't fresh and the dumpling skin was too thick on top but too thin on the bottom.  This was an issue when we were picking them up to eat.  They line the bottom of the dumpling basket with napa cabbage but the dumplings kept sticking to it. What a waste of the delicious soup!  Food was okay.  Staff was friendly and relatively attentive considering how busy it was.  Cheap prices!
I was sadly quite disappointed with Joe's Shanghai.  After trying Nan Xiang a couple of weeks ago, someone whose food opinion I highly respect recommended this place, so I was very excited to try it, especially being that Flushing is a hike and a half away for me.We went to Joe's on a Tuesday night.  The place was packed.  We were seated immediately at a communal table.  The service was a little spotty.  Although we personally had a pretty good experience, the people across from us would beg to differ.  Their server accidentally threw away their to-go food and then took ~10 minutes to admit it, while they were trying to leave. Awkward to watch - one of the drawbacks of the communal table situation. Part of the reason that it's annoying is that they automatically add gratuity onto the bill here.  We ordered the crab & pork soup dumplings, the Shanghai noodles, and a side of bok choy.  The dumplings came out first.  Even though all the flavors were there, EVERY SINGLE DUMPLING broke.  Not the best craftsmanship and made it very difficult to eat them.  Next were the Shanghai noodles.  These were pretty standard and this was a large portion, so we were overall happy with the dish.  Lastly, the bok choy came out.  While I love bok choy, it prompted both me and my dining partner to independently ask if bok choy was in season.  While there was nothing specifically wrong with the dish, it wasn't fantastic either.  All in all, for $36, this was a large amount of food, but it certainly did not live up to the hype for me.
The Skinny: Joe's Shanghai is the ninth circle of Chinese food hell; (1)service: barely existent, the worst ambience, definitely not kid friendly(1); value: do not come here...you have been warned.(1)My husband has a xiao long bao obsession. Normally I have no problem with this except for today when he chose to bring me, my parents and our 7 month old here. If thoughts were daggers, my hubby would be deader than Jon Snow with no hope of resurrection because I'd kill the Red Woman too. (I do not leave things to chance -I'd even birth an assassin shadow baby too).First of all, the ambience is terrible even by Chinese restaurant standards. By terrible I mean the hub's cheap vinyl chair had a massive rip in it with foam bits sticking out. Not to mention the fact you get seated at filthy crowded communal tables. I didn't go to the restroom but the hub's did and can verify how disgusting it is. This place is definitely not baby friendly by any means. The hostess made us store our stroller in the front so my baby was on my lap. This meant I couldn't sit comfortably the whole time. And I want to be frank... My child is breastfed. I am not ashamed of breastfeeding my baby in public but I do not want to be in people's face about it especially while they are eating. The communal table meant that the four young people sitting across from us had to watch me breastfeed and change my kid (which is out of necessity and because we had no stroller to do so). Totally awkward. This joint made me feel like an animal wanting to chew off its leg to escape.We ordered some pan-fried noodles, some soup, soup dumplings (regular and crab filled - 3 orders), green onion pancake and a dish of duck and vegetarian goose.The dumplings were mediocre. Too large, too thick skin and half of them burst when handled. The pork flavor was minimal and tasted a lot like filler. The crab dumplings didn't taste like crab. It was oddly stringy...kind of tasted like crab from a tin.The duck tasted old like some bad leftover duck. The vegetarian goose was horrible too. The green onion pancake was greasy and too thick.  The soup was a terrible mess of thickened salt water with peas and carrots floating around.The pan-fried noodles with seafood were stir-fried with a bunch of broccoli, snow peas and carrots (completely saturated with a goopy sauce). This is pretty much a sign that this place is not legit and caters to a largely Caucasian crowd.All of this terrible MSG ladened food set us back $75 before tip.Avoid this place. There has got to be better Chinese food in NYC than this.
Love Joe's Shanghai. Been to the midtown and flushing location multiple times, and this was actually my first trip to this one. The food is just as good as the other locations. I am always amazed at just how delicious the soup dumplings are every time I get the opportunity to eat them. While the soup dumplings are the main event, their twice cooked pork is also the best I've ever had.One small complaint. There's always a wait at all their locations. However, what I've appreciated in the past was relatively accurate wait times. For example, when they say a half hour, the wait is somewhat close to a half hour. At this location, this is not the case. We were told 20 minutes (which seemed impossible given the crowd), and it turned out to be well over an hour. If they had told us an hour from the start, we gladly would have waited, but it was a little frustrating seeing the clock tick way past 20 minutes. Also we were a party of 4, and were seated at a 6 top with another party. Not a big deal, but was a little unexpected.Overall though - this place is the real deal. You come for the food and not much else, and the food absolutely exceeds the hype. I cannot recommend Joe's enough to anyone looking for a delicious Chinese food experience.
Joes is definitely a Chinatown staple and rightly famous for their soup dumplings. They are the juiciest most delicious ones I've had when done right and I've had quite a few! Another random treat they have is the ginger ale. It's great for cleansing your palate after a nice salty meal!Happy eating!
I've had Joe's Shanghai bookmarked for quite some time and was looking forward to some delicious xiao long bao.  I feared that we would have to wait but to our surprise we were seated right away.  The tables are very close to each other and some parties share a table with others as well.  We ordered 2 orders of xiao long bao (8 for $8 and change) and an order of Shanghai chow mein (however they called it something else, like stir fried flat noodle or something).  The xiao long baos were big and full of broth and served piping hot.  So much juice that I even squirted some on the table as I bit into it, however, the dumplings were bland and even the vinegar tasted diluted and the ginger wasn't fragrant at all.  The xiao long bao held up pretty well with only one served punctured.  The Shanghai chow mein was standard, plentiful and had a little more flavor.Service was solid.  It's cash only and they automatically add gratuity on the bill.  If I recall correctly our bill was about $28.  Joe's Shanghai can't compare to my beloved Din Tai Fung in Arcadia, and I've even enjoyed xiao long bao more in San Francisco.  2.5ish rounded up.
I came for the soup dumplings. Delicious. Here's how you do it:-Pick up the dumpling with the tongs-put it on the spoon-poke a hole with the chopsticks to let soup onto spoonPour some of the vinegar mix on the hole Slurp and eatEnjoy
This is it... Chinatown's most popular place..  Finally turned right onto Pell St....  took awhile with all the one way streets..Line was outside Joe's already yet only late afternoon.  Across the street... nice Asian places.. no crowds.. It's all about Joe's here.What to do? Have to avoid that line right? Ok.. so you can go in past the line, order take-out.. and be out in 15 minutes.  Done.Tried the two recommended most popular Dumplings, added in some heavy dense homemade noodles (lo mein I guess).It was good. Authentic. Flavorful.  Headed over shortly after to Chinatown Ice Cream Factory... now that is a must return.
Food is great.  Service is unfriendly so be prepared.  Cash only.  Good if you want a China Town experience.   Soup dumplings a must.
This place can be summarized in one word..... OVERHYPED. Joe's  is certainly not bad but it is  not that good either. Considering the ridiculous amount of reviews I expected better. Two things to note are that Joes is cash only and you are grouped together with other people on large tables. Pros: The quantity of food given is quite a lot. Service is quick and the steamed pork buns are quite good. Cons: As I said before the food was underwhelming. If you want something nice and spicy this place is not one to go to. The food was bland and even the most spiciest dishes were not that spicy. Even the given hot oil was inadequate. It tasted more like oil then anything else. Also the servers can be a little rude and expect long waiting times. In conclusion, Joe's isn't bad but isn't good.I am certain if Joe's did not have such an "iconic" status it would be passed over. It tastes no different than an average Chinese resteraunt. Considering it is in Chinatown there are much better options..
I just can't justify giving this place higher than 3 stars. Yes, it's good. But 5-star, crazy-hype, mob-out-the-door worthy? No.CRAB & PORK SOUP DUMPLINGS/PORK SOUP DUMPLINGS (aka xiaolongbao aka xlb):The skin on these is thicker than at Din Tai Fung, but the plus side is that it allows each dumpling to hold more soup. The xlb here are certainly juicy, filled with plenty of meat and soup. An order per person will nearly fill you up, surprisingly. SCALLION PANCAKE:I was underwhelmed by these. They did the job of filling me up, but they weren't as crispy, savory, or flaky as so many other places offer.All in all, our total was only $10 each for 3 dishes! It's a good deal, that's for sure. But the experience...that's where it's lacking. EXPERIENCE:Plan to wait for at least half in hour in the mob that gathers outside. Once your name is called, you'll likely be seated at a communal table with other parties. Then, due to the large number of people and constant need to get customers in and out, you'll encounter some pretty unfriendly service. I've been to plenty of great Chinese restaurants with poor service, and I generally take it as a given. But here, it just seemed a step below. Water spilling on people, waiters bumping into your chair constantly, waiters ignoring you...This is largely due to the fact that they're so ridiculously busy, so I don't know how much I can really blame them. It's more likely the result of the overblown hype of the restaurant.OVERALL: What really irked me about my experience here was the fact that there are SO many equally good or better xlb places in Manhattan. You're in Chinatown, for goodness' sakes! Explore a little! It's certainly tasty, but you're missing out on the myriad of other options available. It would be different if they were serving a highly unusual dish that no one else has, but this is not the case. It's not like Joe's is the only place in Chinatown or elsewhere that has xlb, and I think a lot of tourists and others forget that. My recommendation would be to go if there's no wait, but if there is, skip it and try somewhere different.
XLB are the best in the city when they get them right, but every time I come, at least 2 in the basket have leaked out. Hostess gave us an attitude in the 3 minutes we had to deal with her. Servers were friendly (when I spoke Cantonese to them), but I also heard them giving other customers attitude, which is so not cool. There are much better XLB places, even in Manhattan, not worth dealing with the service and quality control issues.
This was one of my top foodies on my list to try while in NYC ! And I fell in love with their soup dumplings ! Omg the texture of the cute little dumpling was amazing, as for the pork and broth inside. It is heaven in my mouth. Very cheap also! I became addicted to soup dumplings ever since trying it here at Joes. The service was quick and the servers were nice and attentive. And yes it's very small inside and usually gets really packed that you have to share tables with strangers, but I don't mind as long as I get some soup dumplings in my tummy lol I will definitely be back whenever I'm in NYC again!
Soup dumplings/xiao long bao-5 starsAny other dish-2 stars (barely)Service-1 starTheir soup dumplings is excellent: chewy and elastic skin that holds all the delicious juice in while the filing is well balanced and seasoned.  And not to mention they are decently sized as well!But that's pretty much where it ends; eat your soup dumplings and run!  We made the mistake or ordering Peking style minced meat noodles and st sautéed shredded beef and they were both horrible!  The noodles was gooey and had no bite, the sauce on top was bland and has no flavor and was basically one big starchy mess with no sight of any meat.  I actually took one bite, and sent it back and didn't even bother asking them to pack it up or for a refund, just wanted it out of my site.As for service, I know that Chinatown is NOT known for it, but when your server who works at a place known for their soup dumplings tried to rush you but taking your last two delicious soup dumplings out of the steamer and onto your plate and BREAKS THE SKIN this releasing the purpose of the soup dumplings without any hesitation or apology, it is not acceptable.  Especially when 15% service charge is built in regardless of party size.Bottom line, come for the xiao long bao/soup dumplings and nothing more.
Wow is all I have to say!We ordered their dumplings - fried rice and Lo Mein (steak in both) and WOW!!It was 5 of us and there was so much food but kept on eating because it was THAT GOOD!!
Went there last night with my family. Don't really understand what the fuss is about the dumplings,  I found nothing good about them, couldn't taste the filling and really, to wait an hour and a half for these dumplings was not worth it.Apart from the fact that the place is dirty and the rest of the food is just average.We ordered fried rice and noodles and they were extremely greasy. Don't waste time and money in this place.
Don't expect good customer service if you come here and they will seat you in a table with other people. Must try the dumplings they are as good as the reviews here mention.Noodles were bland. Jellyfish delicious treat to try.
Absolutely in love with this place. They're super busy so they're customer service is unintentionally ok and not great but it's definitely doable. Of course the soup dumplings are out of this world. This time around we got the sesame chicken as well (among other things) and it turned out to be so so good. Gosh I wish they had a place like this here in DC... Hmmm, do they?!
Brought a ton of Asian parents here and got their stamp of approval (which means the food must be good right?) Still kinda pricey for Chinatown food though
As a foodie and someone who loves Chinese food, I decided it was time to start exploring Chinatown. I've been to Joe's a few times now and I haven't been disappointed. They don't take reservations and it's always crazy so I try to go at off times and usually the wait is only a few minutes. The smaller your party, the better chance you have at sitting. I'd say if you go with more than three people your chances of sitting relatively quickly are slim.I would give this place five stars but I usually always have some small issue with the service. I always have to ask at least two or three times before someone brings me water. From my encounters I've noticed the waiters aren't very good at catering to their specific tables so I try to grab whoever is closest to me but that doesn't always work.As soon as you sit down they ask if you want soup dumplings because if you aren't get soup dumplings at Joe's, why did you even bother going? They're always on point and delicious.I'd advise having some kind of idea what you want to eat before even sitting down so that as soon as the waiter comes over you can order your food and be done with it. Once they walk away, it's so difficult to get them back.
So good. My wife and I came here for dinner and were seated at a table with two other couples. It's always fun to meet new people. We all ordered too much food and shared with each other. I went with basically a sampler of some of the top recommended Yelp items and regret nothing. The soup dumplings are a must, pork shoulder was tender and delicious, and the scallion pancakes were better than I was expecting. Well worth the wait.
We came around 1pm on a Thursday for lunch. It was crowded and we had to get a ticket to get seated. We had 3 orders of soup dumplings which turned out to be too much for 3 averagely hungry women. The soup dumplings are larger than other dim sum restaurants and are very doughy. They taste like a hearty beef broth inside.Pluses:- Seems authentic- Food is goodMinuses:- Cash only, and they automatically tack on all the service fees- Servers are kind of rude- Very chaotic environment- Little conversational privacy since you're seated with other random people
Great soup dumplings or Xiao Long Bao! The pork ones were my favorite. The dumpling wrapper were thin but were strong enough to handle the soup. We also had the Seafood fried flat noodles. They were delicious as well! Will be returning
Very disappointing overall. The soup dumplings were quite tasty (although there were many shards of shell in them) and the cold sesame noodles were slightly above average, but everything else was quite below average and service was embarrassingly bad, even for a place not known for its service. Orange chicken was completely inedible (a shoe would have been more tender, had less gristle, and been tastier), the dried beef dish was so bland as to be utterly pointless (and so chewy as to be gross), and the third dish, which I cannot recall the name of but it was some kind of stir fried noodle dish, was mush. Our server clearly could not have cared less, we had to ask for waters four times before we received them, and then they added a 15% tip automatically (we were just a party of four, so not a large group). We were looking forward to it and will not be back. P.S. There was no wait at 6pm on a Sunday night, so maybe the place is going downhill and word is getting out.
The soup dumplings are yummy!  And bigger than I thought (which is not a problem!)  We ordered the seafood noodle too and it was delicious.  It's a cash only place so...bring cash.
Tried Joe's last week and had a yummy meal. The soup dumplings are obviously a must try. I also ordered the sesame noodles. The noodles were interesting, at first I wasn't sure if I liked them because the taste and the texture was not what I was expecting. However, as I continued my meal they definitely grew on me. Also make sure to bring cash as it is cash only.
I have been wanting to try Joe's Shanghai for years now. Finally, I was able to make it down to Chinatown to try the soup dumplings.We got to the restaurant and the people at the "front" asked us if we wanted to wait (about 20 minutes) or sit at a shared table. We didn't want to wait so we sat at a 6 person table and ordered quickly.  I do have to say that it was a bit awkward at first but we got talking with our neighbors.We got the scallion pancake as an appetizer and the pork only dumpling and the pork and shrimp dumpling. The scallion pancake was crispy and well cooked bit I just wished it was a bit warmer.Both dumpling orders (most of the dumplings with the exception of a few that were punctured) were filled with delicious broth. The dumplings itself are larger than the kind I have had at Din Tai Fung and definitely more soup (in those that were intact). The soup was fattier also. I was disappointed that some dumplings were broken and the soup had leaked out.  Definitely worth making your way down to Chinatown to try the soup dumplings!
The line is always super long for this place but that's okay. I waited about 10 minutes for a table for 2. Though the food was quickly served the only downside about this place is the waiters are super rude and they honestly don't give a damn.
Cash only!I agree with the majority - the pork and crab dumplings are incredibly delicious. For $8, u are served 8 hot, fresh, flavorful and juicy dumplings. I could have happily eaten all of them!We also followed the yelpers with the scallion pancake ($3), snow pea leaves ($17), Shanghai noodles ($14) and Moo Shoo pork ($16). I'm honestly not a beer drinker but enjoyed a swig of Tsingtao which was the perfect compliment.Service was quick BUT I strongly recommend u plan for a wait. We were lucky to get in but a line was forming out the door around 6pm on Tuesday evening.Minus points for the restrooms and decor/ambiance. Cash only!
CASH ONLY (ATM across the street in pharmacy) --Tip is included (15%) I come here all of the time- almost once a week. they have mostly community tables. If you come in a group larger than 2 expect to wait. Parties of 2 tend to be sat almost immediately. For larger groups, they tend to have no idea the expected wait time. On a Wednesday, for a party of 3, I was told about 20 minutes. After an hour (and several times asking where we were on the list) I was told 25 more mins. Very annoying and the reason I docked a star. If they had said over an hour from the beginning I would have walked around or something. Ended up going to Joe's ginger because I wasted too much time already. Otherwise everything is very good and service is fast. Obviously the soup dumplings are the big draw here. But everything I've tried: scallion pancake, crispy whole fish,  braised duck, all of the poultry, jellyfish, etc Ive tried it all and all is good, quick, tasty and cheap. This location serves beer and wine- midtown has a full bar and also takes cards (and is only location that does take out). Also midtown doesn't have the community tables I love this place and I'll never stop going- I just wish they could set more reasonable wait expectations Also Asian shanghai manor and cuisine have good XBL (and joes ginger is right down the street- its claims to be an offshoot of Joes shanghai and their table place mats indicate this- HOWEVER- on Joes Shanghai's website they deny any connection. Strange)
Five stars for absolutely delectable mouthwatering soup dumplings! I definitely don't dig the whole table sharing though. It's truly uncomfortable but the food always drags me back here
It's crazy busy but we didn't wait long, they combine small party's on a big table, so it makes for good conversation.  I love general joes chicken and there's was ok, the fried rice was ok also we got the chicken but not a lot of chicken in it. I will say we enjoyed the pork dumplings were awesome! We would have just orders two orders  and maybe one order of general joes!All in all there were a lot of Asian people eating there which is a good sign for a Asian restaurant!
Great soup dumplings. Surprising well cooked, juicy and large white meat chicken in the general tsao.
Got the crab and pork dumplings as an appetizer. Got 8 full sized ones. Yummy. Soup inside them with meat. Entrees we ordered were chicken with mushroom & bamboo and schezuan beef. Chicken with mushroom/bamboo was outstanding. Would come here again. Cash only.
Visiting New York for a short weekend trip, this place was recommended from a friend who heard was worth trying for their famous soup dumplings.Venturing through Chinatown, this was pretty easy to find.  We came here 15 minutes after it opened and did not have to wait from which I heard could be over an hour wait typically.  Small place with about round 15+tables that can accommodate 4-6/table.  We were only a party of 2 and were seated at a table with another group of 3 people.  Was unexpected that we had to dine with strangers but from a business aspect, they want to make good use of space to serve more customers.  We ordered the famous crab and pork soup dumplings and scallion pancakes.   The soup dumplings came out and was piping hot and on a bamboo steamer. Looked impressive.  Took my first bite carefully and ....Best dumpling I have ever had.  All the right flavors in the broth and the dumpling wrapper almost melted in my mouth GOOD!!!!The scallion pancake had a hint of scallion flavor with a crunchy shell which was the perfect pairing with the soft dumplings.I definitely would make time to return again just for the dumplings when I return to New York and would also like to try the other yummy looking Chinese dishes I saw here.
What can you say about Joe's that hasn't been said. The vibe of the place, the smell, the formal and prompt service, and of course the soup dumplings. Magic. Deep fried whole duck anyone? Yes please.
Truly lived up to my expectations as it was the second time I ate here. AWESOME!!! Food is served quickly and hot. This spot is a must on the list for anyone coming to NYC.
Yummmmm. The soup dumplings are so good and, if you are in the mood, the wait ain't so bad. Be prepared to share a table and order quickly. Also-cash, bring cash. I have had lots of good food here but I usually just go for multiple orders of the dumplings. Let's just cut to the chase.
Me and my mom went to this restaurant at 4 on a Thursday and there was still a line to enter and to get a seat.Atmosphere:-It is crowded it this restaurant but it's expected.-There is a high chance that you would have to share a table with other diners.-There were pictures of famous celebrities that visited this restaurant hanging up all over the walls, so that was pretty neat.Service:-The greeter was very friendly considering how many guests she must see everyday.-The food came out fast.Food:-Sliced Braised Beef Noodle Soup ($6.25)-The noodles were so smooth. I loved how the meat was so tender that it would just melt in my mouth. Since these were the same price as the soup dumplings I would rather just get another tray of dumplings instead.-Pork Steamed Buns (8 for $6.25)The famous soup dumplings! When I was picking the dumplings up, the skins kept breaking which was a disappointment but based on the other times that I've been here, this is rare. I probably just got a bad batch. The meat filling of these dumplings were very generous compared to other restaurants. I would recommend trying the dumplings with the vinegar that they provide, it gives it a different taste and you might like it more than the regular version.Me and my mom decided that the next time we come to this restaurant, we would prefer getting two orders of the soup dumplings instead. I highly recommend you to visit this restaurant, especially if you like soup dumplings.
There's a huge line out the door all the time because this place is as good as it gets!Since there are such long lines, the restaurant tries to fill up all the seats at a table. Our group of 3 was seated with 2 other groups of 2 and 3. A little awkward but totally worth it for the delish soup dumplings!We ordered the crab dumplings and pork dumplings. These are probably the best soup dumplings I've ever had outside of Shanghai. The dumplings are rather large but made fresh-to-order. It comes out steamy hot and tasty!
Underwhelmed by this place.  There is much better Chinese available without the wait time and the take it or leave it staff.  This is a tourist trap.
Amazing crab and pork dumplings! Good service! Cheap! Best stop to have a bite around!!!
Nice people, quick service, no frills, best pork soup dumplings I've ever had in my life! I've been coming here for years and it never disappoints. Try the shredded turnip cakes too. The shrimp fried rice, meh, though shame on me for ordering shrimp, aka mud puddle bugs, in Chinatown.
Came to try the famous xiao long bao. Arrived pretty late. Lucky enough to be seated in a timely manner. I was slightly confused when we were seated because we shared a table with other people. Was just surprising no big deal.The food: xiao long baoReceived our soup dumplings pretty fast. I popped the first dumpling unfortunately but it was still tasty. Finally got a soup dumpling intact and when I ate the dumpling, it was just a flavor explosion in my mouth. Man... they pack that dumpling to the breaking point with soup. They definitely tested the limits of the skin to be able to hold all that soup. The meat itself was firm. I enjoyed the skin here at joe's more than at other places. It wasn't too doughy or much, good amount. Also, they already add a 15% to your bill so you don't have to tip. Thought that was a bonus.
The restaurant was 75% full but we were seated at a small shared table with 4 different guests even though there are about 3 open tables available. We hardly have any room to move around at the table. Waiters were not friendly. There are plenty of restaurants in the area and plenty for me to choose from... I won't be going back there.
Soup dumplings are amazing. Kinda weird as far as a traditional restaurant goes since you sit with a bunch of other random people and there is plates of food all over the place but the soup dumplings (listed as pork steamed buns on the menu) are definitely worth coming in for. Also, there is generally a wait so expect to be hanging around for a little bit before you are seated. Again, worth the wait and worth coming into China town for
Obviously, everyone dines here to indulge on their famous soup dumplings.  The waiters always ask if you want them first before anything else because it generally takes a little more time for them to be made.  But those dumplings are well worth it.  It's a good bang for your buck.  The dumplings taste like they were made in Hong Kong, and the price won't hurt your wallet too much.  I recommend the crab dumplings because they have this tangy seafood taste but the pork dumplings are still good too. The only downside to this place is that they don't take reservations so your party may be standing outside waiting for awhile.  They also do not accept credit or debit cards so make sure you have cash on you.  As far as general entrees go, I recommend the shanghai noodles.  It's not as special as the soup dumplings, but it still has that authentic taste to it.  Service is generally good, I haven't had any horror stories like the other previous Yelp reviews indicate.  The only negative vignette that I heard is when a friend ordered takeout from the Flushing location and there was a live cockroach squirming around the food.  Now that's a real horror story!
Best scallion pancake I've ever had was from here. I find myself always coming back for that reason! Of course the soup dumplings are great and well as the beef noodle soup. The prices are great as this is cash only. I think the one on upper east side prices are more expensive. This is the original location and you can definitely feel the authenticity. One thing I will say is that the service is okay, they don't really give you water unless you ask which isn't a huge deal for me but sometimes they forget even if you ask! Lol. The restaurant is a shared table restaurant which means most of the time you'll have to sit at a table with other people, so if you're not into that sort of thing just be mindful when you come here. They do have two people tables but only about 4 of them. Taking off a star for not offering srirachua sauce though
Very delicious!!! This place is located in China town and provides you the real real chinese food, which it is very difficult to find in the US. The xiao long bao (pork&crab and just pork) are super delicious. This is the must item. I also had the spicy schezwan fish fillet. The taste is so authentic, very delicious. It is worth to try.Please note that they accept cash only!!! In addition, if you come with few people. You might need to sit with other people at the same round big table.
Excellent xiao long bao!!! Came here with a friend on my recent trip to NYC. Joe's Shanghai is the #1 spot to try on my list. We came on a Friday evening for dinner and waited for about 30 mins. That was actually not too bad b/c we saw even longer lines after dinner. The restaurant is very crowded. You have to sit at a communal table with strangers unless you come with a large group. We got two orders of crab meat xiao long bao which came with 8 bao for each order. I also got a small order of pickled cabbage. Xiao long bao was very delicious. If you have never tried it, you are supposed to break the skin of the bao, drink the soup inside then eat the whole thing. I've had it plenty of times in China and in Shanghai also so that was certainly not my first. I loved the soup inside my xiao long bao, very rich and yummilicious. The crab meat was very tasty but a tad greasy. I wish I tried the pork too. The cabbage was crispy with good flavor but it was a bit too sweet to my liking. Overall, awesome xiao long bao!! I ate almost 16 of them myself b/c my friend had a meal earlier so he wasn't very hungry. A MUST try if you've never had this famous Chinese eat!
I came here on a Saturday around 2pm.  The wait for 2 people was only about 15 minutes. We were seated at a large, shared table in the back, which was fun because we were able to see what other people ordered. The waiter was very kind in making some dish suggestions to get with the soup dumplings. The dumplings and crispy beef were awesome, the pan fried noodles were ok. We over ordered so we didn't worry about not loving the noodles.  CASH ONLY
Due to the rain and colder weather on a weekday morning, my friend and I didn't have to wait in line for their famous soup dumplings. It was a little weird being seated in a corner of a table and sharing it with a couple since there was plenty of space and tables around us. I supposed they did that just in case the place suddenly becomes busy. The menu was a bit overwhelming with the many options listed and I actually had to ask the waiter to point out where the soup dumplings were listed. They have two kinds of soup dumplings: crab and pork. Each kind came with 8 dumplings sooo...we were stuffed by the end. These were 8 large dumplings so definitely bring people to share them with. For the price and how large each dumpling was, I thought it well-worth it. I am by no means an expert in soup dumplings but they were really good especially with the black-ginger sauce.In general, I am not a fan of Schezuan food. We also ordered a spicy beef dish (sliced) with bean sprouts but the sauce was too much. It wasn't spicy either which was disappointing. Overall, very good soup dumplings and recommend it if you're in the area!
This was definitely an experience for the books. I truly had no idea what I was getting into when I brought my girlfriend and family here based on the yelp reviews. We followed our yelp map deep into Chinatown, where the streets smell of fish and garbage and you stick out like a sore thumb if you're not Asian. When we were in sight of the restaurant, I knew that we had to be in the right place because there was a crowd of people waiting outside to get in. There was a 'Hunger Games' sort of vibe in the air as the hostess walked out with her list every 10 minutes or so and everyone in our group prayed that she would shout out our number so that we could come inside, away from the garbage and fish. I thought that I heard her call out our number and I shouted, "I'm here! Number two!"  And I ran to the door. She didn't even look and said, "wrong number, we number three." I turned around and walked back to my spot in shame with my head hung low.After 30 minutes of waiting in the alley we were finally called. Honestly, it was pretty weird inside. They had us sitting at a communal table, which I had heard about, but somehow figured that it could not possibly happen to us. Yup, there we were, with two Asian families that seemed to know the drill here. The waiter came up and asked not, "Do you know what you will be having tonight?" But, "Which dumplings do you want, #9, or #10?" My father was dumbfounded, and had a "what the heck are you talking about," look on his face. We ended up settling on the #9. (They are famous for their dumplings, and we did know this before we entered.) The waiters were very weird... to say the least. One of them kept leaning on my dad's shoulder while her surveyed the room. It was so bizarre that it was actually very funny.Let me just say that these were the best dumplings I've ever had. They were served in these wooden circular dishes that they were likely cooked in as well. The broth inside of the dumplings was unreal. Seriously, amazing!My parents had the fried rice and pork shoulder. I did try both. The pork shoulder was very tender and had some great flavor. The fried rice was too greasy, I didn't like it. Sadly, the experience left Elizabeth (my girlfriend) without an appetite, so she didn't eat.As we were finishing, the waiters began hustling us to get out. They must have asked if we were done three times before we were even done eating.To be honest, the dumplings really saved the day here. They were so amazing that they really overshadowed the rest of the experience's flaws. For the record, everyone else hated this meal... I thought it was incredibly entertaining and funny.
I waited like 30 minutes before I was seated and I was eating alone so I had to share a table with other guests(this is normal in Chinese culture). The dumplings are amazing! I love it! I also had the Shanghai noodle sou but it was the dumplings that I loved. Service was so so because they seem very hasty, like they took away my plate before I was even 100% finished, I guess since they are so busy all the time, they seem rushed, but other than that, I had a great experience!
Came here for a last minute dinner with a friend. Located down in an alley in Chinatown, this place was very crowded and for good reason. The menu of not extensive, but what they have is delicious. We ordered the Shanghai Cabbage  and Szechuan Beef Tendon Noodle Soup. Though these aren't their most popular dishes, we were absolutely stuffed by them.The interior is your classic Chinese restaurant, nothing to write home about there though perhaps a little bit aged and worn out looking. It feels like it needs a little freshening up. Perhaps a new coat of paint or a change of the wall-to-wall carpet? The tables are all designed to seat 10 persons, so dinner is family style, just don't lose your meal on the giant Lazy Susan in the middle of the table.  You need to be aware that this place is a cash only establishment! Don't even think about paying by credit card. Now the reason that I'm giving it only four stars is because my friend and I felt very neglected by the waiter. We had to call him over multiple times to either order drinks or get the check. When the check was requested, they began removing our plates, even though we still had food on them and weren't quite ready to head out. We only wanted to pay the check so that we weren't in a mad rush at the end, since it was very close to closing time. And that's really the main thing. We felt as though we were being rushed/kicked out. I'm not implying that their closing hours shouldn't be observed, but there are more polite ways to do it. A simple, "we are closing and would appreciate it if you would finish up, please." I don't feel that's asking a lot, but to each their own. Still, I would come back here and try out the rest of the menu. The items that our neighbors ordered at our table looked and smelled delicious. Enjoy!
Great place for Xiao Long Pao! I tried Scallions Pancake and I quite like it a lot. Service is fast and the restaurant is clean.
I sound like a schlocky country bumpkin tourist but the General Tso chicken was the best thing we had. It was perfect. The meat in the soup dumplings was meh but otherwise they were great. I liked the family style seating and the wait went quick (15 minutes). Service was predictably terrible but as Jack said, it's Chinatown.
Oily oily, cash only, and no XLB that's seafood based. It's the last one that really got me. Otherwise most people probably think this place is decent.
After hearing a ton about this place, I finally got around to trying it. Here are my honest, unfiltered opinions.Pros:The xiao long bao are apparently a steal, price-wise.Cons (I know, that was fast):Ridiculous wait.Communal tables. Super awkward. We first shared ours with a bunch of rude, ignorant tourists, and later a really nice group of Filipinos showed up.The XLB are far from mind-blowing. Like, really, they're just okay.All the other dishes are also just okay, and not cheaper than your average.Tourists galore. Total tourist magnet.The waiter, when serving the other party at our table, kept brushing his butt up against my arm. I DID NOT SIGN UP FOR THAT. MY ARM IS A NO BUTT ZONE.The staff are extra nice to white people, even when they are rude and don't say "thank you" a single time.Cash only.HARD PASS. Will never return.
One of my favorites of all time. We live in Oregon and come here any time we are in NY. No reservations and they only take cash, but so worth it. Obviously, get the soup dumplings. They are amazing.
Joe's Shanghai is great! You should expect to have at least a 15 minute wait to be seated but the food comes out pretty quickly especially if you use those 15 minutes wisely and prepare your order!!!!! I unfortunately do not eat pork/sea food so my options were very limited. I want some soup dumplings but they were all made with pork! Too bad. I started with the scallion pancake which was so great!!!!!! I highly recommend them. I finished with the Kung Pao chicken which didn't have too much flavor, I probably wouldn't get it again.
It's Joe shanghai, and everyone has the same experience: Go get soup dumplings, burn your lips, break three, get another order, then order other non dumpling dishes because you feel bad.   Repeat.
Been coming here since I was a child and I have to say it's not what it used to be. The food have flavor all because of MSG, so it doesn't have the pure flavor on its own. And compare to other shanghainese restaurants, this is over priced, the food isn't what it used to be and it's not worth the wait. Overall, disappointing.
I think I probably waited 40 minutes to get a seat here but it was well worth the wait. I was in a party of 2 so we ended up getting seated at one of the large round shared tables. The restaurant is small and very crowded and you may need to sit with others so just keep that in mind. The food blew me away! I think it's the best XLB I've ever had. The dumpling skin is so thin that the soup looks like it's going to break through the skin when you pick it up (I hate it when the skin is really thick and doughey). We tried both the pork and crab/pork dumplings. Both were very very good. The only caveat to this place is the long wait - otherwise I'd be here every time I visited NYC.
I found this restaurant while walking around Chinatown, Manhattan, and noticed there were a lot of people waiting for a table - a sure fire way to know if a restaurant is good in NYC is if there are people waiting. After getting a table 15 minutes later (they rush you in and rush you out), we ordered the pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and fried shrimp rice. Joe's has great reviews for the soup dumplings so we decided to give it a try, not sure what to expect... And we were pleasantly surprised that they are in fact dumplings filled with soup. if they break open soup spills out everywhere. It's recommended you eat them in one bite if you're able. They were outstanding, the soup was flavorful and the presentation was beautiful. The shirmp fried rice was enough to feed you and your 6 friends, and was much better than other fried rice I've tried in the area. The scallion pancakes were crispy and came with an amazing dipping sauce, a perfect small appetizer to split. You are served complimentary hot tea with every meal that compliments the food well.The locals seem to really like this place as well and there are a lot of families inside. They make good use of the space and have tables for 2 people or 8 people. I highly recommend this place for anyone looking to try something new. My only complaint was that the food was slightly greasy and leaves you feeling sleepy when you leave, which isn't the best if you are out in the city exploring for the day.
Not a traditional Chinese, the restaurant cooked more like American ways.  You can see not many chinese people in the restaurant.  Kinda disappointed and don't think I will return again.
One word: traditional. This place sports one of the most proximal renditions of shanghanise cuisine in NYC. The food is delicious, the service can sometimes be very slow, but it will be worth it. You cannot leave this place without trying the crab/pork soup dumplings.
Joe's Shanghai is actually better than I originally gave it credit.The Shanghainese fried noodles are excellent, and only $12, and can feed two whole people.Credit card minimum here of $20 IIRC
Joe's shanghai -249 Pell stWait was too long- we probably waited an hour and 15 minutes to get in and then ate and left within 20 minutes. The service was also not anything special. That being said, the food made up for it. The soup dumps had extra soup- more than any of the other soup dumplings we had that day. Pan fried were better then Cafe Delight but not as good as The Bao.Drinks:- Tsing Tao.Dumps:- pork soup dumpling - seemed like they had extra soup in the dumplings. The wrappers were a bit thinner than Cafe Delight which made some of them rip open as they were being picked up out of the steamer. Also, the spoons weren't big enough for the size of the dumpling.- pan fried pork dumping - better then cafe deluxe but not as good as The Bao.
I don't care that they stuff me in between families in a round table half the time. The buns are bomb. I can't even explain the feeling of joy you get when you have these buns on a cold winter day. They're very cheap, but I recommend against taking them to go because they get gross after 20 mins, and would likely pop and spill. Just sip your tea and enjoy the buns while they're steaming hot. I recommend ordering a side of their seasonal veggies and a side of spring beans to go with the buns.
I have been waiting to come here. I am disappointed. It's just a hype. The dumplings were not great. The food were expensive and they only take cash. It was only my husband and I and they charged a 15% service fee.  There so many other place that is better and take credit.
I hope you're not too shy because it's more than likely you'll sit with strangers since it's family style seating. In my party of five, we managed to snag seats, but with two other parties already sitting there. I noticed off the bat they each ordered soup dumplings from the bamboo steamers on table, which was a good sign because these puppies were exactly the reason why we came here.The dumplings were perfect. Tender and supple, and the soup wasn't too hot making it impossible to eat. Eight dumplings per order and trust me, they went by fast. The price was decent as well (besides my snow pea leaves which ran for a whopping $16... Way more than the dumplings).The service was your typical Chinatown service... Quick and succinct. Also typical of NYC, they don't really like to split the checks with big parties, despite us only wanting to split it three ways. When we asked to split ours, the server quickly interrupted my friend, telling her to simply add the totals and figure it out among ourselves. Rude much? Or is it just New York?Overall, I'd come again. With CASH. They don't take card.
Love the dumplings here! Crab and pork are my fav. My friends and I will do food tours around NYC (we come from all over the states) and we always make sure to come here and get a FEW orders of the dumplings! Haven't had another place like this one!
I wanted to hate this place because the wait was supposed to only be 45 minutes (lies, all lies) but it ended up being over an hour, it's cash only, tip is included and the waiters act like it is, AND they got a C health inspection grade.BUT...the food was amazing and very reasonably priced.  The crab and pork dumplings were juicy and delicious and not fishy tasting at all.  The shanghai noodles w/ beef were also great.  Everything we ordered was either good or great.  I would go back again, but hopefully when it is less busy and cleaner.
Visiting NY for the week and these other reviews were on point. Great food and quick service! We sat in a big round table with other guests which was different but ok since there was plenty of space. We will make it a point to come back here if we are ever back in NY. Pork dumplings were on point.
This is a place to avoid n Chinatown.  It seems they stopped caring once they received their awards.  Maybe zaggot needs to give out Negative awards to places which clearly do no make the grade.Let me be specific with some low lights.   pot stickers are greasy and have athick skin.  The soup dumpling shao lung pao were suppose to be delicatewith thin skin wanton wrapping, they were much larger in size.  and themeat inside was very fatty and the soupy center was a bit of a goey mess.Then the pan fried noodle consist of a  meat and vegetable topping over crunchy "ramen" like noodles.  Probably my mistake for ordering cantonese food in a shanghai restaurant.   Then the pea pod greens sautéed with garlic was not very tender, chewyand tough is not how this dish is suppose to be.Oh i almost forgot to mention service.  I know in ny chinatown is notknown to to provide anything beyond good food at a good price.we arrived early for a week day lunch and had five good size adults, and with the restaurant almost empty they want to sit us on table pinned to the wall, so we asked if we could sit at a table which had a little bit more room, the hostess rolled her eyes and threw the menus at the table we requested.  I wished i could have videoed this to a youtube onhow not to act in a service industry.   Apparently they don't need any more new customers because they must have plenty of loyal followers who don't mind being treated like dirt.They have a row of seats outside on the sidewalk for a waiting area.
Only ordered their pork dumplings here and it was good, but the wait to dine in was too long so we had take out.
Three cheers for authentic Chinese and excellent service in the heart of Chinatown.  I had heard about the soup dumplings (with the soup inside!) for years and a few days ago I finally had them. What a treat!  I opted for pork over pork and crab, and they were filling and delicious...the soy ginger sauce served on the side was a perfect accompaniment.  Beef & Broccoli was able to be customized to be spicy and was delicious with white rice.  Ambience was really authentic and fun with common tables seating ten a piece.  You will make friends with the locals quickly.  Prices are reasonable: $6.95 for the dumplings and approximately $11-$16 for an entree that can easily serve two (and did, in my case!)Thrilled that after years of disappointing meals and brusque, rude service in neighboring Chinatown restaurants, I have a new place to rave about!
Have heard a lot about this place so it was a must visit during our last trip to NYC. The xiao long bao are not xiao! They are quite big! Do not assume they are Ding Tai Feng sized dumplings! We had two orders of the pork soup dumplings and two orders of the pork and crab soup dumplings. I preferred the dumplings without the pork.The green beans were also tasty.We arrived about half an hour before opening and didn't line up until about 15 minutes before opening. We were able to grab a large table for 6. The staff are very efficient in seating you, taking your order, clearing the plates and grabbing your check and payment. Very lean operation.If you are traveling as a small party be prepared to share a table.
After a long wait for  a table.  I was so excited to try their famous pork soup dumplings.  AND I was not impressed !  As for other dishes I've ordered,  they were OK.
Food is 5 stars! But gave 4 ONLY because the waits can be long and it's family style. The service is efficient and friendly, though, once you are in. The soup dumplings are so addictive! We used to live 2 blocks away from Joe's and somehow never ate here. A friend took me during a visit and now they are a staple every time I'm back in town. I highly recommend the pork soup dumplings, eggplant and Shanghai noodles. The more people you bring the more things you can try!
Crab Meat with Pork Meat Steamed Bun is a must try, best ever. Also the Pork Steamed Buns is really good. Other courses are quite American-Chinese style.
A bit too much hype, and perhaps I got my hopes up way too high.Came in at about 1:30pm to an absolutely full house. Since it was just me, I was seated, family style, with two other groups. I ordered the pork soup dumplings and it arrived in a huge bamboo steamer. There really wasn't a lot meat inside of each dumpling, it was mostly soup. And the soup lacked the pizzaz in its flavor. Staff seemed really unhappy, I didn't feel as if I was served well. I wasn't ever offered a drink while I was there. More like cattle calling everyone in and out as fast as they could.
After a failed attempt at dim sum (more on that in another review), we ended up here because my friend wanted dumplings and I suggested she try xiao long bao. Searched across Yelp for places with soup dumplings in Chinatown and stumbled across this place...and the line. After about 30 to 40 minutes, we were seated at a large table with 4 other parties. (It's okay though. It's New York. You're lucky you have a place to sit in a restaurant at this price range.) Food was better than decent and the service was great. We ordered Shanghai fried noodles (they were okay), garlic eggplant (tasty but extremely sweet), a green onion pancake (good but greasy), and she, a basket of pork XLB. They were more than accommodating when I asked for no pork in the two normally pork-laden dishes--I'm vegetarian. My friend liked this place so much, we actually repeated the trip a week later and stood in an even longer line. That said, I'm sure you can probably get better XLB and Chinese food in NYC. But until I discover that place, this will do.
I tried the crab/pork soup dumplings, the pork soup dumplings, and the scallion pancakes. Scallion pancakes were good... but don't expect to be blown out of the water because it's just your average greasy scallion pancake ($2.95). The soup dumplings were SO good. Make sure to eat it with a broth spoon so you can drink all the soup broth from the dumpling. I can't tell you if I liked the crab or just pork better, so I recommend getting both! Btw they included the 15% service tip. And, we came at 10:35pm on a Saturday night and they still served us, even though kitchen closed at 11:00pm
Best Asian food i have ever had. Ive tried din tai fung in LA and must say that this place tastes much better! I had the dumpling soup and it was really good. The vinegar soy sauce just went amazing with just about everything i had.Overall its a great spot, we love this place and will definitely come back soon!
Usually I steer clear of any and all touristy spots, but the soup dumplings are to die for! They come in pork, crab, or you can get a mix of the two. I prefer the pork, but it's really up to if you're a seafood person or not.I've honestly only ever gone here for the soup dumplings, as that is what they're famous for, so I have no opinion on any other item on their menu.The service here is very "go-go-go!" as this place is always crowded and packed with people waiting outside. However, waiting typically is not that long since people do eat and leave pretty fast.Be prepared to sit really close to other people not in your party (tables are very close together). This is very normal in NYC, but some people (like my dad) seem to be really bothered by it, so just a heads up!
This place has great prices and the food is above average. I did try the famous "soup balls" and was pleasantly surprised at how flavorful they were. The downside is that there is no private dinning whatsoever, you will sit with strangers guaranteed. And you will wait a minimum of 20 minutes until a rude hostess calls your number, because well... That's what you are at a place like this... A number.
This was part of our food tour in NYC and we were already pretty full by the time we arrived. We ordered the crab dumplings, pork dumplings, scallion pancakes and chicken lo me in. The clm was ok but the dumplings and scallion pancakes were delicious. Next time we'll be back with empty stomachs.
Be ready to wait in a line with a ticket at this old school Chinese restaurant. The reason everyone comes here is perfectly clear which is their amazing soup dumplings.So we wasted no time and ordered the crab and pork soup dumplings when we got there.They were extremely good and the sipping on the broth and then eating the dumplings afterwards was 10/10.
Meh... this place is so overrated. Perhaps it was really really good many years ago? I do not know. At least now that I know after having waited almost 40 mins for seats, the food was not worth the wait at all. The xia long bao was so so. While it was juicy, the meat inside was rather bland and the sauce has a greasy feel to it. The dough on the top of the dumpling is thick and boring. Garlic stir fried bak choi is stringy. The shanghai stir fried noodles, which is supposed to be one of the staples, is so bland and mushy. Very disappointing. Tea is watered down,no taste
Better than din Tai Fung in LA!  We went for lunch and waited about 30 min for a group of 3 of us. The Xiao long bao (soup dumpling) was delicious!! I liked the crab/seafood one a little bit better. scallion pancake also good. Come try all of it. They are cash only, but very affordable.
Wow, I had no idea this was a BIG thing. I was heading over to Joe's around 7:30pm to meet a friend and I was shocked that there was a wait! Granted, it was only 25 minutes but still an unexpected line, nonetheless. I got a ticket (yup) and waited until my number was called (shouted). We felt kind of rushed at the table, but that's okay because we only spent $22 between the both of us (tax and tip included). I haven't even had BREAKFAST in the city that cheap. Cray cray.We shared scallion pancakes, garlic pan fried noodles, and of course pork soup dumplings. It doesn't sound like much but it was really filling and yummy.I would definitely return for a delicious, cheap meal.
Joe's soup dumplings are by far the best thing on the menu. Although everything was good the soup dumplings are a must. It's a small restaurant and we were a party of two that shared a table with six other people. I didn't mind just know before you go.
What an awkward experience. Cash only. They automatically add a 15% tip / service charge... and I totally understand why after the experience here. We (party of 3) went on a Saturday, some time after 1:30PM. We went in and got our number, and since they call out numbers sporadically to make sure the party is still there, we waited outside in the heat where other people were smoking their cigs. Our number was called and they acknowledged we were still there. They called it again after a couple rounds of calling people in, and we were instructed to wait right by the door. We were finally let in the restaurant and we were seated at a table with 3 other parties. Chances seem very slim to get your own table here.. they utilize their tables to cram as many parties as they can. They also rush things a lot... which can be quite uncomfortable. We received our menus and someone asked if we were ready to order right away. Uh, give us some time to read through the menu? A couple of them stood over us, and then one of them opened our chopsticks. That was our first time that has happened to us... we prefer to rip open the paper and take out the chopsticks ourselves! As a joke, I broke mine in 2 so that they won't come back to do that since they opened ours. We decided to get a some appetizers and then head over somewhere else to enjoy more NY foods. We got 2 orders of the soup dumplings, a spring roll (comes in set of 1, for $1.95 each!!! PRICY for spring roll), and the scallion pancakes. I asked if anything has shrimp as one of us was allergic and the person was like it's pork, is that okay, and we said yes. Our spring roll and scallion pancake came. The spring roll looked like it had nothing inside because it was all white/clear, doughy in the center, but there was some light cabbage. Toward the end, there was a piece of shrimp. Thanks for the warning... The person that was allergic isn't deathly allergic, but what if he was? The scallion pancake was good, rather standard, not so crunchy or anything. Our soup dumplings finally arrived. The skin is thicker than most others I've had, and I agree with those say that they prefer ding tai fung's xlb over these in terms of taste. Despite the thick skin, the soup leaked for a lot of the dumplings. Either the top wasn't really sealed all the way, or the tiny sharp tongs cut through the skin. The food tasted good, and it's definitely a great deal for the soup dumplings. Our check was only around $20, and most places sell sets of dumplings for $10. If they didn't have the mandatory 15% service charge, they'd be receiving way fewer tips/extras because of the service. Cash only, feel super rushed, sharing tables, etc. Great in terms of business, but lowers the Yelp stars.
Not a fan and don't understand the hype. We waited forever to get incredibly greasy flavorless Chinese food and share a table with incredibly annoying tourists. Why?! The soup dumplings all had pork so I couldn't try them, but my friends were not particularly impressed, including my friends from China who are obsessed with soup dumplings.
Not sure what the hype is all about. People who raved about their XLB, probably never had DTF, which still holds the best XLB in my opinion.  We ordered the pork and crab dumplings. The dumpling's skin was too thick, and it was way too big. The soup inside of the crab dumpling was greasy. I was not impressed at all, I've had better, way better.Came here before noon on Friday and expected to wait. But we were seated as right away. Not even gonna mention service because I'm in Chinatown so I don't expect any. Thank goodness we didn't have to wait. Otherwise, I felt I would be ripped off in taste and time!
I can't stop dreaming, thinking, or smelling the soup dumplings. Just out of this world. I'm a huge fan of the dumplings of course but their food is also just as great. You need to have their noodles, their soups, chicken, duck. Everything!Service is quick and they are super attentive to everything. They refill your water with every sip, one would think it's annoying but they do it so discreetly it's not annoying. Everyone's super friendly and they even take photos of your table if you ask nicely!5 stars! Love this place !
Decent experience, but nothing amazing.  Friendly staff, quick service.Potato pancakes with scallions were amazing.  Pork "soupy" dumpling were very good, but mis-named as pork buns (and we really wanted pork buns).  Chicken and shrimp in plum sauce was good, but too much bamboo and bland flavor.  Beef and string beans was good, but also just bland.  We had requested the schezuan string beans and pork, but to replace the minced pork with beef.  Waiter said it would cost more, which we ok'd.  I think we just got the standard bon-schezuan green beans and beef.Canned coke and iced tea, and bottle beers.  15% gratuity included on bill.I would try another place next time, but if you've never been, it may be worth a visit.
Dumplings good. Shallot pancakes I would do without. Greasy. Sea bass good. Lo mein was outstanding.
Got soup dumplings. It was good but a bit salty. The salt and pepper short ribs are overwhelmingly salty. I can see the msg on it.
We got here mid afternoon.  There were quite a few people waiting and we were quoted a 15 minute wait time.   We were seated in about 15 minutes so that was great. However, it was down hill from there.   While the service was fast it was annoying.   We weren't offered water and when we asked it seemed like it was a big deal to get it.  Ordering was rushed and not pleasant at all.   Then the food came.   Terrible.   The dumplings were dry and seemed old like they were streamed 3 days ago.   The braised duck was flavorless and also seemed old.   The Singapore noodles were the worst I've ever had.   Dry no seasoning just gross.  I've had better at cheap Vegas buffets. I would NEVER come here again and I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone.   Prior accolades do not make a great current restaurant.
It is good enough for a Chinese.Tangbao has enough water, chicken is crispy, eel is Chinese-style.My friends and I love it.
You are here because their xiao long bao (soup dumplings) are famous. Yeah, they're good. Pork soup dumplings better than the crab ones, which are marked by the dot of orange fish eggs on top. The other appetizers, like scallion pancakes, turnip shortcakes, and cold cuts are good too. Be prepared to share tables and be ushered quickly in and out unceremoniously. The only way to do it.Though I admit I'm secretly waiting for Taiwanese-style xiao long bao to arrive in the city in full force...
Yes! This is the place for really tasty Shanghai dumplings! The dumplings are large and filled with lots of delicious juice. Definitely hand made. The scallion pancakes are crispy and delicious, but a tad greasy.The restaurant was filled with Chinese people with a blend of a few tourists mixed in. They accept cash only, but their prices are really reasonable! They also add an automatic 15% service charge. I recommend this place heartily.
I haven't been here in years but it seems it has became popular through out the years. I am very disappointed in the awful service I received. My uncle from out of town was visiting the city for my brothers wedding. He hasn't been here in a few years and was craving Joe Shanghai's water dumplings. So we got here at 5 and got a number. We were a party of 9 and because we were a large group many of us were coming from different places and was not there yet. They refuse to seat us even though there were 2 people missing. When we finally all arrived, they told us there were no tables for us. We waited for another 45 mins and constantly asking asking the lady when will the table be ready. She would rudely ignore you and keep screaming numbers in our faces. They could never give us an approximate time on when they could seat us. My family and I ended up leaving and going to another restaurant. I will NEVER visit this place again and never will recommend this place. When they get their head out of their ass maybe I'll consider this place. Joe Shanghai, you're not that special. Get over yourself!
There was about 40 min wait on a Friday night, which wasn't bad given how many people were waiting outside the restaurant. Pretty crowded space and they seat smaller parties together at large circular tables. The waiter took our order first and the soup dumplings came out pretty quickly while the rest of the table stared at us out of jealousy. The size of the soup dumplings is larger than your average soup dumpling and there is plenty of soup. Compared to ding tai feng, the skin is thicker and the presentation is less delicate overall, but still delicious. My friend and his family are from Shanghai and they think that Joe's Shanghai soup dumplings are better than the ones back home, so that's saying something. Also, eight for the price of $6.25 is a steal. This location is cheaper than the midtown location which is eight for $8.25. Will definitely be coming back for more.
This is my favorite place in the entire world for soup dumplings. I've eaten in China and in his competitors Bob's but Joe's is the best. I highly recommend this spot. Come early because there are usually queues to enter, but it is worth waiting for. I never come to NYC without eating here.
My go-to restaurant in Chinatown. I've been to Joe's on multiple occasions, mostly with one friend. Joe's is known to seat their guests at large tables that are shared by several parties. But, I've always sat at an individual table. I do want to get the full Joe's experience of sitting at the shared tables.Joe's pork steamed buns are a must. These dumplings are among the best dumplings in Manhattan.For two people, I typically order another appetizer/side and a main entree, usually some meat dish; or I order one meat entree and one vegetable. I also get two orders of white rice.When ordering, don't forget to look at the wall by the entrance for the Today's specials!!! I always forget to until after I ordered my meal and regret it because the specials sound so yummy!Joe's is always very busy, so expect to wait a bit. Once seated, you may feel overwhelmed due to the sheer volume of people in a small space and the fast moving waiters, but the waiters do a great job serving you.It is also ** CASH ONLY **!!-- taste / 4aesthetics / 3atmosphere / 4service / 4price for quality / 3OVERALL / 3.6
The best soup dumpling I ever had! We arrived around 4pm had to wait about 20mins for a table. We had 3 people total and had to share a table with 2 other strangers. That's how busy they are.  It's worth it! I can't wait to come here again!
Pros- Great soup dumplings. I liked crab& pork soup dumplings better than the pork soup dumplings. I recommend you to get this crab and pork one.- Compared to any other soup dumpling hot places, Joe's serves probably the best soup dumplings in NYC. The amount of soup inside the dumplings a lot more than what you can get from other restaurants. - The fried rice was very simple but tasty enough Cons- Usually there is a LONG line for this place and so if you don't like waiting like me, visit this place around 4pm. There usually is no line around this time and I also did not have to wait at all.- Service is kinda bad. I understand that there are a lot of people and so all the servers are busy, but none of them were really nice to us. - I also ordered the chef's special menu (crispy chicken with lemon sauce) and this was not that amazing...It was just mediocre
My friend and I have come here several times for the pork soup dumplings. They are really flavorful. We also usually order a scallion pancake on the side and it comes out perfectly crispy and it a perfect side. The only reason I took off a star is because of the low health rating in the window, it has deterred us from ordering anything else on the menu besides the dumplings. We'll usually venture to other places around Chinatown if we want other Chinese food.But the dumplings here are a must have!
Expect to be quick when ordering...which is good because that means the quicker you get to taste the delicious soup dumplings. We ordered the pork dumplings and yes they where the best I have ever had. We also ordered the Kung pao, sesame chicken, spicy prawns and green beans. I enjoyed the sesame chicken the best, so much flavor and tasted great.
If you're a party of two then you might have to share a table with strangers. The significant other and I ended up at a table against the wall that we shared with another couple. It could seat 5 individuals so I guess the restaurant wanted to capitalize on their seating arrangements.The pork steamed buns were really good. I didn't know it then, but the soup dumplings (steamed buns) are the thing to get. They were really delish!Their Shanghai noodles were good! I didn't think it was amazing above any other noodle dishes I've had, but just above average which equates to really good in my book. I think you can choose the meat you want. I believe my noodles came with beef (?) -- I was looking at Yelp pics when the waiter came so I just showed him the pic of the noodles.The significant other's crispy shredded beef order was sort of salty imo. It was a dish of pure crispy beef with just a few broccoli pieces. The crispy part def holds true! He seemed to have liked it as he ate it in conjunction with my noodles.A 15% gratuity will automatically be added btw!
Dinner with the best service!! This was one of the must go to restaurants in New York that we had on our list during our visit. After years of not visiting, we had to get the best foods while in town. Joe's Shanghai did not disappoint. I was so glad that we didn't have to wait in a long line to get seated. For a group of 5, we were seated right away and from there, the service was extremely incredible. Our waters were refilled all the time. There wasn't a moment where our glasses were half empty or even empty for more than 2 minutes. After we ordered, we got our food right away and I felt like after ordering and eating all their delicious foods, we stayed for about 35 minutes and all our tummies were stuffed and satisfied. The soup dumplings are a must and order it right when you are seated!! The pan fried noodles are crispy and if you like it softer, let it sit in the sauce for a few minutes. The pork chop and Kung pao chicken were good as well and it came in big portions, shareable with 4-5 people. I really had a good experience here and would go again, for sure!!
Such a huge disappointment, but what did I expect? This has become a total tourist trap. I haven't been here for more than 5 years now, but a friend suggested we grab soup dumplings from here. I was hesitant at first because of the wait, but he assured me that it was going to be 15 minutes. Surprisingly, he was right. We were seated in 15 minutes on a Friday night. Was that a sign already?We ordered one crab and one pork soup dumpling, as well as, pan fried beef rice cake. The crab soup dumplings came first. I was already disappointed to see that one has popped and 5 of them were opened. Both the soup and meat were well seasoned, but I could barely taste any crab. None of the pork ones were opened or popped, but... I had 4 that barely had any soup or no soup at all. I made sure to check if they were popped before biting into them, but they weren't and nothing leaked through the basket. The dumpling was dry, flavorless and a disappointment. The beef rice cakes weren't great either; the beef had a starchy powder feel to it and it didn't have much flavor. Joe's quality has definitely fell since the last time I was here and now I'm reminded as to why I don't come here.
I was wondering if the wait in the rain was worth it being that I heard such raves about this place. I am so glad I got to try this place! The soup dumplings are the best in the business. So much flavor and soup filled in the generously sized dumplings that came out pretty fast once we ordered. The traditional pork dumplings will satisfy anyone's cravings. Scallion pancakes were some of the best I've had!! The combination fried rice was a bit of an upset but it was bland and just had ham, eggs and some shrimp. Wish we would've gotten a different main dish but I would definitely come back for the soup dumplings and scallion pancakes! The price is the most affordable thing in New York City omg two orders of soup dumplings, hot tea, scallion pancakes, combo fried rice for four people was $35!! What!?? Totally recommend this place. It stays busy so be prepared to wait.
This is definitely one of my top 5 favorite restaurants in NYC. This is not the place if you want a cozy spot or a fancy atmosphere, but it's exactly what food should be--solely about the food and nothing else. My top favorites here are: pork soup dumplings, PORK SHOULDER, and Shanghai fried rice. Be sure to bring large appetite as the portions are large!
I think this place is overrated. No credit card payment, cash only! It was overpriced for China town and the food was average for my taste.The water spinach was $14??? Why, water spinach is super cheep at the Asian market and grow like weeds.The shrimps and scallops $21 were OK, nothing special.I'm sure there are plenty of good Chinese food and way more reasonable in China town than this.Sorry Joe!
This place came highly recommended for their Pork soup dumplings so we had to come (twice)!  The first time, we ordered the crab dumplings, pork dumplings, and an order of scallion pancakes.  We honestly had no idea what to order besides the pork dumplings but luckily the guy next to us seemed to know what he was doing and we just copied him.  Turns out, that someone was Paul Adelstein!!!  (Agent Kellerman from Prison Break)  I literally was sitting right next to him and even bumped knees with him once!  LOL anyways... The dumplings were AMAZING, as advertised.  Being from LA, I've never seen juicy pork dumplings as large and filled with as much soup as these.  The scallion pancakes were amazing as well.  Super crispy, great scallion flavors, great dipping sauce!  The wifey is determined to figure out the recipe to make these at home. Only thing negative I can say is that the servers are not very friendly which I have come to expect from asian restaurants however I thought Joe's Shanghai might be different considering how popular it has become.  Oh well, I'm there for the food, not to make friends!
AMAZING SOUP DUMPLINGS! otherwise known as 小龙包 . Get the crab one. Super cheap and sooo amazing. Full of crab flavor!!! Much better than the overrated Din Tai Fung. And even arguably better than the crab specialty 小笼包 I've had in shanghai and I've had many soup dumplings (Btw obvi shanghai is in the title and it's The city  known for this dish). so I feel like I have a pretty decent tastes in regards to this. I'm here to say this is One of the BEST. All caps cause its that good!Just TRY it. ITS THE EPITOME OF CRAB XIAO LONG BAO taste. and super cheap
Been here twice for the xiao long bao during my 1-week trip in nyc and I'm still dying to go back. The xiao long bao is sooooo good! Fresh, juicy, a lot of crab meat, chewy bun skin, love it! Although they sit us with strangers, I still enjoyed the dining experience because they really have the best xiao long bao in nyc!
This is a mixed bag review. I would never put this place in the 5 star category but it did have some really good food items.The good - the foodSoup Dumplings - very good, not the best I ever had but very tasty.String Beans - flash fried and deliciousCrispy Beef - tasty but not the bestThe bad - Communal tables - my fellow yelpers, you left that small piece of info out of your reviews.....The ugly - no surprise, the service. The staff couldn't be bothered with you. They gave you the impression that you were interrupting their time playing on their phones with your requests of water and food.Don't know if this is worth the trek to Chinatown but I am glad I tried it.
Yes this place is super touristy, but their XLB/soup dumpling is sure tasty! It says pork bun on menu but if you say soup dumpling, they know what you are talking about! I am truly indifferent to their sometimes rude service and lack of cleanliness, but Joe's always provides one heck of an experience!! Their soup dumplings just explode with soup and go so well with the low selection of sauces they have on the table for you to share with 4 or more people. Whether you be sharing a table with random strangers, slurping so much soup of your plate because you don't know how the hell to eat soup dumplings, or questioning why there is an automatic service charge, you got to love this place for what it is and you got to bring your friends and why not the whole freaking family to experience the Joe's Shanghai way!!
Pick up the soup dumpling with your hand and drop the whole thing in your mouth at once. Let it cool down a bit first... it's worth the wait. The experience is heavenly: both soup and dumpling in harmony. None of this nibble the wrapper and suck the soup stuff...Get ready to make some friends because they seat you with randos.
Cheap eats, and so worth the wait.Go inside to grab a ticket and get your name on the list. Then, get back on that sidewalk because the line actually moves fairly quick. It's a very fast-paced restaurant, and you don't wanna miss your spot! Waited about 30 mins. Not bad, very fast wait.We only ordered 1 order of the pork soup dumplings for $6.75. IT WAS SO DELICIOUS. 8 of these dumplings split between my bf and I, was just enough to satisfy (looking back, I wish I ordered more, but that is the gluttony talking!!!). Sit down, and take a good moment to enjoy these delicious things. The soy sauce mixture is a little reminiscent of vinegar, but I thought it was tasty spooned on top of the dumplings. Or you can eat them plain. Your preference!A must-try and must-stop for every NY trip.
FIVE STARS FIVE STARS FIVE STARS! Like Chinese saying, if smth is important, you must say it 3 times!I'm not going to comment on their other dishes. They are good and decent, but you get those dishes anywhere in a regular chinese restaurant. So I'm going to skip reviewing on those dishes. BUT BAM! SOUP DUMPLINGS! OMG. THESE SOUP DUMPLINGS ARE SUPER BOMB ASS SOUP DUMPLINGS i am running out of words to describe how good they are. Not only they are cheap ass budget friendly very affordable unlike some restaurant(s), they are also HUGE in size (tbh i think that's americanized, but its a good modification imo ;P). And on top of that, they just simply taste great! The soup just rushes out as you bite into it, and THAT IS HOW SOUP DUMPLINGS SHOULD BE! The skin is very thin and saggy, EXACTLY HOW GOOD SOUP DUMPLINGS SHOULD BE. There's plenty of air room inside the dumpling, and lots of soup contained inside, with a decent amount of meat. THAT'S HOW SOUP DUMPLINGS SHOULD BE.Yes, I repeat many times! Soup dumplings are NOT supposed to have thick skins! many places have this mistake, where they make thick ass soup dumpling skins, which just kills the entire dish. Also thick skin means not enough soup inside, unless they are very stingy on their meat... I certainly do not want to go to Ding Tai Fung anymore after coming to this place for soup dumplings. I was only in NYC for 5 nights, and I HAD to come here for two dinners because I just fell in love with their soup dumplings.If I'm visiting NYC again, I'm definitely coming back for another round of 30 soup dumplings hehe :P
Super good service! We were a group of 11, super loud and needy haha. But the waiters were super calm and gave us whatever we requested! They speak mandarin so that was nice. We ordered 3 soup dumpling, string beans, the fried rice, and my fav was the scallion pancake ! The sauce is Soo good with it.The rice cakes weren't that amazing ! But the vibe and service made up for it. They helped us surprise our friends with cake :) the waiter also sang for us which was sweet.We got orange as desert.Not that crowded we went @6:30 pm on a Tuesday. Then 10below after hehe!Great celebration!! All that food was 9$ per person excluding the 2 bday girls!! Which is GREAT for big groups Yay :) 5+ stars.Would def come again for celebration! Cheers to Joe!!
This place is so delicious!! Amazing! My first time eating here and it went above expectations. The soup dumplings were so tasty and the noodles are amazing too. Definitely cannot go wrong with anything you order here.
This place is really worth the hype. Usually I don't think that way about places and think they are overrated, but not this place. I think it's also because I went on a Monday when there wasn't a huge crowd. We actually got seated right away and were served promptly. You go for the soup dumplings of course. The menu is a bit confusing as it doesn't actually say "soup dumplings" but if you just ask them for the soup dumplings they'll explain it to you. If you are in the mood and craving something warm this is definitely the place!
I looked up "Best soup dumplings in NYC" on google and this restaurant came up in a blog for top 10. Just to warn you, the shanghai dumplings here are NOT good. The meat is questionable. Pretty bummed! We left without finishing them. I do not believe this was an anomaly, I'm questioning whether any people with positive reviews of the dumplings on here know the difference between good and bad Chinese food.If you're ever in SF, I recommend Mama Jis for dim sum and szechuan food, and Shanghai Dumpling King for dumplings.
Standard pre-frozen chinese food; check out Shanghai Asian Manor instead. Joe's is expense for what it is, long wait. Residents will come here mid-week to avoid the wait.
Dumplings is what this place is about. Getting 1 order of crab dumplings and 1 order of pork dumplings is more than enough to fill you up. The place is small and packed, and takes cash only.
Definitely lives up to the hype!! We did have a little bit of trouble finding the street to turn on because it's very tucked away, but it really is a little gem that was well with the hunt! Once we turned on Pell street we could see the huge crowd in front of the door waiting to get in. You have to go inside to get a number and make sure you ask what the estimated time will be. I'd recommend taking a stroll around the street to look around while you wait. Just make sure you come back within about 15 minutes of when you're seated cause they call the numbers a little out of order (depending on how to seat people). Once you're in, get ready to make friends because it's community style seating. But that's part of the charm there. We were a group of 3 so we ordered 2 things of pork dumplings and one main dish. It was definitely plenty of food and super affordable! One of the cheapest meals we had in New York but definitely one of the best!! It's a must to go here if you're visiting Manhattan for sure!
A NYC staple, I try to bring all my first time NYC guests here. Be prepared to wait, though.
Pork&crab soup dumpling, fried dumpling, scallion pancake, and eggplant. All of my favorite dishes and Joe's blew my mind. I thought I knew good Chinese food coming from LA, but this place is beyond!
5 star for food, but the service can be rough. Is like I just sat down and already you are trying to rush us out. I get the turning over, but this is over the top. And then that they have a C rating from Sanitation. Thats worst then I ever seen from this place or any for that matter.
Came here because it was named "best soup dumplings" in NYC. Had to check them out. Loved the community tables, hated that i took the suggestion of another guest on what to order aside from soup dumplings.We ordered the pork steamed buns, the scallion pancakes and the shanghai noodles with chicken. Scallion pancakes were fluffy and flaky and delicious. Sauce they came with was great.Pork steamed buns were as very good. The sauce they came with really made it with a vinegary twist. Soupy buns are always difficult to eat for me, because to get the full experience you've got to take them in one bite...with the scalding hot temperature of the inside juices and the size of the buns, it's tough to take them down in one mouthful. Possible, but tough. Tasty, for sure.The shanghai noodles with chicken were a huge disappointment. Also, not what i would have ordered if i hadn't taken advice from a neighboring couple eating their dinner. Bland, difficult to eat with chopsticks (I take responsibility for this - my skills aren't 100%), and just overall a "blah" dish. I should have gone with something I know I would have liked, but he was RAVING about how delicious they were, and was eating them when he suggested...really didn't expect such a let down.Only other thing that was a bit of a bummer was how the staff stood very close to you and seemed to rush. It wasn't a packed night. There were plenty of free tables, and room for other guests at our community table. I felt like a criminal for ordering a water with the check. Tea was great, as always. Would come back and order something else. Bring cash - cash only establishment...but if you forget, there's an ATM in the store across the street with only a $2 fee. Worth going for the soupy buns.
Not a lot to say that hasn't been said. Soup dumplings. Never had dumplings before. Never really wanted to have dumplings before. Really sorry I never had these before. They are inexpensive, beautiful, and delicious.The place is a little hole in the wall on just another terrible looking Street in Chinatown. Perfect. Exactly what I was looking for. Goldfish tank in the window with a lot of menus and pictures of the food. Nice waiters, good food cheap. Read any reviews that says this is a good place, and listen to them. There's 1 billion reviews of this place, you don't need mine.Just come and eat here. Have the soup dumplings.
Great food, but in Flushing NY not NYC.  Loud, busy, crowded, wonderful!
I had pork soup dumplings to go and they were really terrible. I really wanted to love it at least 10% but I cannot to any extent reconcile the other reviews with my experience. The dumplings smelled so awful I wanted to gag, like rotten tomatoes,and I was 90% certain the cabbages in the dumplings had gone bad. I was really questioning whether they had prepared a batch that they had been planning on throwing away for me,it was that bad,since I had informed them that I was in a hurry and had to catch a bus.1 portion has 8 dumplings, I was only able to stomach about 3. Taste aside, the texture of the dumplings wasn't phenomenal, it was about the same thickness as average Chinese fast food dumplings. I've had really good. dumplings in Hong Kong so I'm using that as my yardstick. The only reason I gave them two stars is because the extra star is for customer service.
The Xiao Long bao and pan fried dumplings was good but there are better ones out there for a lower price with friendlier staffs. The seafood pan fried noodle was extremely dry, more like seafood on top of a noodle biscuit. DRY. Now comes the rudeness of the staff, cuts right into middle of conversations to promote their Xiao Long Bao and several times throughout meal. Alot of tourist at this place and I have to say there are better Shanghai restaurants just few steps away down Mott Street. The noise level of this place is bizzare. Will not be returning.
Was decent, but was definitely not worth the hour and a half wait. Soup dumplings is a must try when at a Shanghai restaurant. However, I was not very fond of their soup dumplings. Considering that their dumplings keeps ripping and some are even leaking soup out before we even get them. Had their Shanghai noodles but was okay.
The last time I had Joe's Shanghai, I was a wee (actually, not so wee, the Senior 15 is a very real phenomenon) college student, intimidated by large Chinatown crowds and by Chinatown waiters who slap utensils down on the table, but lured by this thing called soup dumplings. It's been a long time since I inhaled that first burning gulp of crab-infused pork broth, mixed with the a few drops of soy sauce and ginger. My first piece of advice is to get here before the obvious meal times - if you're going on a weekend, the best bet is 2:00-5:00. My second piece of advice is to tell the waiter right off the bat that you're ordering soup dumplings, so that, if you time it just right, the first batch comes to your table only a few minutes after you place your order for other dishes. Everything other than the soup dumplings was a little less dazzling. I loved how sugary and crunchy the crispy sliced beef was, but it may not be everyone's cup of tea.  The crispy pepper skin duck and baby bok choy were standard Chinatown fare. If you're less than 5 people, get ready to share a table with other happy strangers slurping down soup dumplings. NEXT TIME: more of the crab-pork, though if I end up in Chinatown during a peak hour, I'm sure there's another restaurant a stone's throw away that also serves soup dumplings.
Why is this popular? Just because you make the shanghai dumplings huge, doesn't make them good. The soup and meat were bland. The green beans had a weird rubbery texture. The shanghai noodles were very oily. Honestly, this would be considered the worst Chinese food  in SF
I suggest their pork buns and crab buns as a starting appetizer. Very juicy and meaty, I could eat this as a main entree. We had the eggplant and garlic sauce w/ pork for our main entree and no complaints there! Definitely recommend this place.
Joe's Shanghai have the best Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings) ever! My mom and I came here today to try it for our first time. We ordered the pork with crab meat Xiao Long Bao. One order comes with 8 pieces. It was delicious! We ordered for a second round and we loved it! I highly recommend all who craves and loves Xiao Long Bao to come here! Would totally come again!
***NOT A DIMSUM PLACE***We came from DC metro area and was looking for a good dim sum place. I loved how the Shanghai food here was not greasy at all! The food overall was very good and the condiments were a nice addition. Although I was originally disappointed since it did not have dimsum, but it worked out for the best since everything we got was so delicious.
I have been going here since I was little, and I still love it. Every time I go, I get the soup dumplings. I recommend the crab and pork soup dumplings over the pork ones. I also like the string beans and beef and broccoli. It is worth the wait!
It's was a long wait, but well worth the wait!  The soup dumplings were very yummy and filling!
Came here for the famous soup dumplings. I tried the crab and pork and thought it was pretty good but not the best like so many people rave about. However their general tso chicken was delicious and I would definitely come back for that! Also their service was to notch and the waiter was friendly!If you're in the area you should definitely check this place out!
In Joe's Shanghai, people eat on top of one another, in a noisy, ear-splitting maze of tables and customers. Joe's Shanghai really honed my understanding of the absurd, showing us that every dish could be cooked with the same sauce.
How can I start?First of all... it is not expensive. Good prices. No Debit cards, or credit cards come with cash.Be mentally prepared to sit in a round 10 sits table with other people. Food not that good. We went there because we saw the reviews and everyone was doing a big fuzz specially about the soup balls and the food in general. Not good flavors and the place was super unkempt. Restrooms; they will want to make you cry. Not a clean restaurant.
Amazing. Take the subway, super quick walk from there. Spent 4 days in New York, went to joes twice! Lol We had the soup dumplings, (a must have) shrimp fried rice, shrimp lo mein, eggplant and pork, and crispy beef! (Bomb). Fast service, and you sit at a communal table with other people which was really cool.  Best dumplings I have ever had, hands down! Thanks joe!!!!
DUMPLINGS!! THE GOD DAMN DUMPINGS!!I had just arrived to New York, and wanted to grab dinner with an old high school friend.We was seated right away after taking 10 minutes to find an ATM machine outside because this establishment is CASH ONLY, of course, since we're Asians. It makes things more easier without having our parents, with no understanding of english, swipe cards and having to deal with credit card problems. ANYWAYS.Our server was probably chinese and did not speak a lick of english, but we just pointed at the menu and got what we wanted. The restaurant is small and cramped. They utilize all the space they have and you will be sitting with another group IF your party is small. My friend and I had a table to ourselves, but then they sat a family of 3 at our table which I didn't mind. So....You can't go wrong with the dumplings here. I just had to order another round of dumplings since it was a ball of orgasm in my mouth, but I think they forgot to put it in. We waited a near damn 20 minutes until I just got up and asked for the check since my orgasm before dissipated. So when I got the check . . . look at what we have here... the server  brought the dumplings out right when I was trying to pay. Obviously I didn't want it anymore, but since I don't like wasting food, I just got it togo and ate it later which wasn't as good.
The service was now good. However, it is a place to go to try their Xiao Long Bao. The wrapping is thin but strong enough to hold the soup inside without breaking. I personally think that the crab and pork is better than just the pork dumpling. It's actually creamy and not too seafood tasting like Nian Xiang Xiao Long Bao which I enjoyed more. Their scallion pancake is crispy like Serbian plain burek. I would not order anything else since it seems like a tourist trap where everything was over $20 for a dish. I believe it is cash only here.
Joe's Shanghai is a very stressful place to eat. The process for sitting down seems more complicated than it really is, and that's probably because no one really explains it. Then, you get sat down, and it's kind of a place where you need to know what's happening and know what you want before you get there, or else they'll just pass you by. It's loud, and there's a lot of yelling happening because it's usually so crowded. That being said, the food is really quite good. The soup dumplings were great but wait for them to cool down before you give it a go! My favorite however was definitely the scallion pancake. One of the best I've ever had.
I have now come to the decision that Joe's Shanghai is inedible. There's so much fat in the soup, it's disgusting. We also ordered green beans and they were really thick, almost as thick as asparagus. I can not come back here again. Not even for visiting friends.
Yummy Xiao Long Bao, but other menu items were just mediocre. I know there's a lot of hype around this place, even at 10pm when the place closes at 11pm. The 3 of us ordered 2 orders of XLB, one original and one with crab, an order of fried rice, and string beans. I preferred the regular pork XLB's because there was too much going on in the crab ones, but both were tasty and extremely juicy. They are the most soupy XLB's I've ever had and the thickness of the exterior was pretty good. The only problem with that is it makes the XLB's really hot so be careful!These XLB's do not even come close to comparing to Din Tai Fung, though they're pretty good.
Best soup dumplings I've had in America! I lived in Shanghai for a year so I've definitely gotten a taste of the best from the original creators. The skin of the soup dumping was just the perfect thickness, not too thin as to where all the soup would leak out, but not too thick as it would be tough to chew either. It was a good balance. The best skins do the job of holding the soup and meat together, adding a slight chew, but not changing the nature of the dumpling and making it taste too starchy. The pork and soup was simple, but absolutely delightful. The best is that after the savory tastes passed, the soup brought a slightly sweet after taste, making you crave more.Seriously, don't come and not order the soup dumplings. It's a must!
I came here for the 小笼包 and I was super disappointed. The price wasn't bad, 6.25 for the dumplings. However, the skin was so thin the soup came out the instant you picked it up. I won't be coming back here ever again.The service was also terrible. The servers were pressuring us to order food the instant we went in and then they were in a rush to get us out.
We were strolling by Chinatown this weekend so decided to check this place out as it came out right on top on Yelp.We ordered the usual suspects - going by all the rave reviews here; soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and pan fried noodles.Soup dumplings were delicious and worth all the hype, the scallion pancakes were even better taste wise, however, a tad oily. Same with the noodles too, tasted well except the oil again. Going only by the food, I would've given them 4 stars.But - the service! How can I forget that - all the reviews below are quite accurate in describing the horrendous service. The waiter glares at you scornfully as if daring you to ask for anything  except the specific order. When I asked for a fork he mumbled something in Chinese which I couldn't understand.Again, when we asked for the check and presented a card he shouted "NO CARD, ONLY CASH" as if we had committed a grave error. And while returning the change he conveniently retained the bill (perhaps to hide the auto deducted 15% service charge hoping we wouldn't see it and tip him again), and when we asked to be provided with the bill he AGAIN mumbled something in Chinese pretty scornfully and grudgingly got us our bill.Phew, not sure I would want to return for this kind of service again!Maybe get something to go if you really have to.
My experience of Joe's has always been pleasant.Their waiters speak good english and they are very helpful.The XLB though.. you get 8 of them per container and it is full of flavor.. YUM! Trust the orange oil XLB they are always more authentic than the cleaner ones.. The only downfall I have is that their XLB always have some shards of crab.. However.. I guess that is what makes them taste so authentic? haha...Anyways, good job Joe's Shanghai!
So, this is arguably the most famous xiao long bao in NYC, so my friends and I had to try it during our visit. We came on a weekday for lunch and were glad to see that it wasn't too crowded. We got seated at a large round table with a couple of other strangers, which was a little weird, but figured it was just the way they did things.We ordered the XLB, of course. I had really high expectations for them since I'd heard so much hype, and I thought they were delicious, but definitely not the best I've ever had. You can tell that they handmake the skin since it's on the thicker side. The dumplings are really juicy, but I wish they were a little saltier. Having lived on the west coast, I would still say that I prefer Din Tai Fung's  XLB in terms of flavor and texture. I did really like that this place has a lot of character, and it was fun looking at all the photos plastered on the walls of Joe posing with various celebs. We even saw Joe in person in his neon green shirt when he came out to greet a customer (politician, perhaps?)--it felt like a celebrity sighting!
Seriously incredible dumplings, just sit down order at least 2 orders of pork dumplings and enjoy! Some of the beer food I've had so far here in china town!
My friends and I met up here for dinner on a Monday night. One of my friend arrived pretty early to get us a table.. It's a small restaurant - very casual inside and way too popular. It's located on a small street in Chinatown, so if you go past 730pm you will see a big crowd waiting to get seated outside the restaurant. We met up around 630pm for dinner - one of our friends were already there with a table number so he probably showed up 10-20 minutes prior. I think wait time was probably around 30 minutes which wasn't too bad. The interior of the restaurant is your typical Chinese restaurant. I expected it to be fancier since it's such a popular hot spot, especially for tourists. This place only accepts CASH. Onto the food, we ordered two types of xiaolongbao (juicy dumplings).. we had one with pork and another one with crab. Both were very tasty! We ordered string beans, pork rice cake, and lion head (meatball). All were flavorful and delicious. We chatted for a bit but felt the urge to leave because there were a lot of people waiting so we did not want them to wait too long for our table.
Great food but not so great service. We didn't have to wait for a table because we came right in a little after they opened. I had to try their Xiao long bao because they are famous for it. You get 8 for $6 which is pretty cheap! It is the BEST I've ever had! You could tell that it was homemade. The skin was perfect and the soup inside was so delicious! Everything just melted in my mouth. They have two different types of waiters which I thought was a little weird. The guys in yellow shirts just led people to tables and got water or tea for the customers. They don't take orders though. The red shirt guys do that. It took a while before a guy came to take our order because of this weird system. Also when we were trying to leave, we were blocked in on all sides. The tables are kinda pushed together too closely. Other than that, the Xiao long bao was amazing so next time I visit New York I'll definitely be coming back!
Heavenly dumplings! Everything here's good...while you wait get a foot rub next door!
I wonder if they put drugs inside..so good!!!!!!I came here like 10 times and never get tired of soup dumpling.shit.
Nothing new to add to the 2000+ reviews... great soup dumplings for which I'd go out of my way.  Not overpriced and awesome.Expect a wait at peak hours.
BEST Chinese food I have ever had, and I eat A LOT of Chinese. My go-to is general tsao's chicken, and Joe's is to die for. The soup dumplings were equally as amazing!
If you go here, you must get the amazing pork + crab meat xiao long bao! These soup dumplings are AMAZING but beware !! THEY ARE HOT!  My impatient hungry self has burned my tongue multiple times on the burning liquid, but they are so so good. We usually order a bunch of plates to share as well. Green beans, fried rice, lion's head are all good - you can't really go wrong. Staff is very honest too, so you can definitely ask for recommendations or advice!
I came to Joe's Shanghai after reading several Yelp reviews from my friends.I never had soup dumplings before so I was really really excited to come here after reading all the phenomenal reviews. We came around 11:30 so we didn't have to wait for a table, but it was definitely packed. Our group (of 5) ordered pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, fried rice, twice cooked pork, and sweet and sour fish. All the entrees were good and not too greasy. The soup dumpling were AMAZING. I personally enjoyed the crab ones more because they had more taste but they were both great. If we had known how cheap it was, we would have ordered more. Each order came with 8 dumplings, $6~ for pork and $8~ for crab. The only downside about this place is 1) they automatically add a 15% service charge and 2) they only accept cash. Service wasn't anything special, but I felt rushed because they staff seemed to be in a hurry to rush us out because of how busy it was becoming, which I guess makes sense.. but still...It would have been nice if they didn't watch us eat or stand behind us and stare us down when we were finishing up and figuring out how to split the bill.In all, very affordable, food comes out quick, and would definitely recommend!
BEST dumplings! Thought this might be a tourist trap but we do not have anything close to this in LA. The dumplings were so juicy and the and the skin was thicker than other places. We also tried the Chinese pancake, string beans, noodles, and some other items but the dumplings definitely overshadowed all the other dishes.Definite must try when in NYC
Best soup dumplings in the world. They only take cash, but so very worth it!! Can't wait to come back! The baby bok choy is very yummy too. Love this place. I would give it 10 stars if I could.
Soup dumplings soup dumplings soup dumplings. Everything else (except the brusque service) is really good, but...soup dumplings soup dumplings soup dumplings.
This place had a lot of hype. Maybe it was too hyped up for me. I wasn't impressed. What the reviews say is true. You get to sit next to strangers. They try to pack as much people as possible. I think that's cool. It's better than waiting in lines. Just ignore your table-mates like I did if you're anti-social.Anyway, I tried their crab and pork soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings, and their seafood noodle soup. Their seafood noodle soup was bland and terrible. Honestly, with the excellent noodle soup places in NYC (eg. ramen and soba), there is no reason to get it here at Joe's Shanghai. The noodles tasted like it came straight out of a bag, and the broth was tasteless and tepid. Their soup dumplings tasted okay. The soup needed more flavor. It also tasted too fatty. The meat needed more umph to the flavor. It wasn't a bad soup dumpling, but I expected better.This place is cash only, but it's cheap. Their service is lightning fast and efficient. They're not the friendliest of bunch, but they're polite and fast. I like that. I would advise you to ignore the hype and save yourself the trouble. I would avoid this place. 2.5 stars.
One of my favorite NYC eats! We came specifically for the soup dumplings and they did not disappoint!1) Grab a number from the lady in the front.2) Wait in a conglomerate of people for about 30-45 minutes.3) Watch people get impatient and hangry.4) Get called in and be seated at a communal table with strangers.5) Finally order some soup dumplings (and scallion pancakes)!We ordered the crab and pork dumplings and I thought they were delicious. The soups were both rich and flavorful (and came out HOT). Though if I had to choose, I'd probably prefer the pork. The sauce that came on the side was too vinegary for me, but the dumplings were great by themselves. Overall, food is great and prices are awesome! A definite must-try if you're in the area!Warning: CASH ONLY.
The wait isn't too long, the food came quite quick with great service! If you're in need for bathroom, remember to go before it's too late - often times there's a line at the bathroom! I went as a group of 4 and ordered 1 regular soup dumpling and 1 crab soup dumpling. Then ordered Peking styled noodles, beef lo mein, and seafood pan fried noodles. The food were delicious, loved the pan fried noodles a lot! The soup dumplings were AMAZING! Tip: try not to break the soup dumpling's delicate skin and place it onto your spoon. Then create a small opening and sip on the soup. The soup is amazing and no drop should go to waste! The  when the soup's all gone, use their special sauce to put on top of the dumpling and munch away. **The only -1 star here is that the store is often times very busy and rushing to push you out when they hand you the check. We were waiting for our friend who was on the line for bathroom, and they tried to take the unfinished check 3 times. Ps they have already included a mandatory 15% tips onto your check, either you love it that you don't have to calculate and comply or some people wouldn't even think the tips match up the the service. Mostly people don't even realize and possible tipped more. Overall the service was good, just the last 10 minutes of my eating experience was a little on the downside due to the rushing.
The only downfall of this place was the wait. Came here on a Sunday night around 915 and we were told the wait would be about 20/30 minutes but we waited about 45/50 minutes. We were put at a table with 4 strangers so it was a little uncomfortable. We ordered both pork and crab dumplings. The crab was good but I prefer pork, unfortunately all the pork ones were stuck to the lettuce beneath them and as I tried to pick them up they all ripped, each and every one. We also ordered shrimp fried rice which was delicious and the Kung pao chicken was even better and mixed together it was one of the best dishes I've ever had. Everything was good and cheap, I'll definitely be back even though I know there will be a wait.
We were seated right away, but the place was packed! We enjoyed sitting with others in this atmosphere and seeing what others had ordered before us. Wound up with the soup steamed dumplings (delicious), pan fried noodles and beef (best ever), and chicken and vegetables (good, but would not order again). People sitting next to us we're raving about the crispy shredded beef. Go and enjoy!!
The hype is real, guys!  I am a huge XLB enthusiast so when someone said Chinatown, there was absolutely nowhere else we would go.We had a table of six and ordered four orders of the XLB because I insisted I will eat an entire order by myself.  Little did I know.... these baos are HUGE.  The spoon to bao ratio is like 1 : 1.5.  YES.  While the soup is lovely and the filling is lovely, the way you can tell this is a quality bao is by the wrapping.  No matter how long it sat at our table, the wrapping never tore when I tried to lift one of these babies into my spoon.  How do you guys do it?!  And can you tell my mom so she can make these for me?And side bar, I did finish that whole order by myself.Also - don't be a fool and order too many bao's (yes there is such a thing!), because the rest of the menu is fantastic as well.  Everything they make gives you those tastes-so-good-but-so-much-oil-and-msg-but-who-cares-YUM feels that every good Chinese restaurant should give you.Definitely recommend if you need a XLB fix!
This is the one time that Yelp has failed me. This place has seemingly positive reviews, but it just didn't do it for me.The restaurant is not big by any stretch. We had a group of 6 people and yet they still sat us at this table that probably could fit 4 max. The food was alright. I've definitely had better XLB's. The XLB skin ripped easily, so before I can even put the damn thing in my mouth, all the juice (there wasn't much juice to begin with) was gone. As far as the the service, I felt like it was crap. I say that because this dude taking away our dirty dishes then proceeding to drop those dishes on the floor, which in turn dropped the leftover stuff from those dishes onto my jacket, which is hard to clean. No apology, no nothing. Imagine all the juice from the XLB that popped out and stayed on those dishes and then having it all on your jacket. That's what happened. If you like to buy into the hype of restaurants, then try it. But if you want good XLB's this is not your place.
Got here on a busy Friday night and was seated next to 2 other parties which I didn't mind since I grew up in Chinatown and it was pretty normal to be sitting next to strangers. We got each of the dumplings and they all tasted OK. They all tasted about the same and I wasn't really blown away with any of these. Was't the best soup dumplings I've ever had but it was OK for what it was.
After hearing so much about this place, I've decided to give this place a try.First off this place was PACKED with tourists, making the wait almost an hour just for 2 people. We also had to share a table with another group of 5, who seemed discontent with havinig to share a table with strangers. By the end of our meal it turned out that they were expecting another 2 people to join their party but didn't inform the server beforehand (could've just said so from the start instead of making us feel uncomfortable). This already irritated me and my friend from the start.Onwards to the food. We ordered the pork soup dumplings cause DUH, that's what you do at Joe's Shanghai, along with some spring rolls, scallion pancakes, and the Singapore Chow Mei Fun. The noodles were awful, and had a weird taste compared to the usual singapore noodles. We barely ate any of it and defiinitely did not want it to go. The scallion pancakes were pretty good and spring rolls were okay. The soup dumplings were "meh." They were decent, super oily and the meat wasn't as good as other soup dumplings that i've had. It definitely did NOT live up to the hype. They were just o-kay. I was very disappointed.I would say try it once just to go, but for the wait time and the crowdedness, not worth it.
I like their dumplings.  Service is average.  I will probably come back.
I've been looking forward to trying this for months. Definitely get the soup dumplings. The broth is more on the thicker side than Din Tai Fung in LA. There's a lot of flavor to it and it was super good. We went during the weekend and we only waited for 5 minutes. The price is pretty awesome for what you're getting too.
This is a typical overrated restaurant. The only dish that was worth eating was the soup dumplings. Four other dishes that we tried were lame and salty. Also they obviously were evading tax for the waiter accepted the next table White customers' credit card payment, but demanded cash only from us. I hope IRS would pay attention to this restaurant for the discrepancy between the amount of business they are getting and the earnings they file. I would suspect they only report half of their earnings to the IRS. Remember the more tax they evade, the more tax everyone else has to pay and it is illegal. Next time, refuse to pay tips unless they take your CC.
So on my recent trip to NYC I decided to test the highly talked about Joe's Shanghai in Manhattan's Chinatown. I ate at 14 restaurants that weekend and this was the first restaurant with a C rating from the city So I started off with the Crab and pork Xiao Long Bao. Not sure why it's called steamed buns on the menu but yea they we're good but nothing to rave about. Strong crab flavor (roe) with lots of broth oozing out.Coming from the west coast we definitely have better XLB. Second dish was crispy beef strips. Which pretty much tasted like orange beef from panda express or one of those Western Chinese restaurants. Final dish I tried was the spicy bean curd and pork. Pretty much ma po tofu. The dish was lacking spice and they were kinda skimp on the pork. Having tried it now I probably wouldn't go back... There are so much better restaurants in that area to eat.
Gotta hand it to Joe's - best soup dumplings ever.Get the pork soup dumplings only - the rest of the menu is too greasy and average at best. I personally don't like the crab and pork - I feel the fishiness of the crab is unnecessary and doesn't pair well with the savory pork. The pork filling is juicy and full of flavor - I haven't found another shop that makes their XLBs with as much soup filling as Joe's - superb.The skin is also extremely well made - not doughy or thick but cooked to a perfect chewy texture and thin - definitely hand made.The wait is horrible as expected - you might have a better chance on a random early Monday or Tues night - prime dinner time and weekends you're looking at at least an hour wait. Here's a secret though if you're not looking to wait but still want to try the famous soup dumplings - go down the street (a few steps) to Joe's Ginger (owner is the same) and so are the soup dumplings.It's a cleaner set up and they charge slightly higher prices for the same food but it's a great option to get the same food with less wait.Service is the same at both places - non existent and rushed. You'll most likely share tables here as well unless you have a large group. Cash only and they automatically add on 15% tip - which I don't mind since it's the standard and the food is pretty cheap already.
Cash only 15% gratuity included in billMake sure to arrive before peak-hours to beat the crowd. I came on a weekend around 6pm and was able to get a table without waiting. You'll definitely have to wait longer if you want your own table, so I recommend just sitting at whatever table is available. So what if you have to share a table with others? It's all part of the experience. Get the soup dumplings! That's what Joe's is famous for and frankly the other food here pales in comparison. I would recommend the crab meat soup dumplings ($7.95). The pork soup dumplings are good as well ($5.95). Each order comes with 8 soup dumplings. The portions are good and I think most individuals could finish 1-2 baskets depending on how hungry they are. Service here is fast and you get your food relatively quickly. There's a 15% gratuity added to your bill at the end, but I think it's well deserved. Joe's Shanghai never fails to be a satisfying meal that leaves me saying "ah."
Wanted to try the best soup dumplings in NYC but found the place a little overrated. I found the dumplings dry on the outside and soup not as flavorful as others I've had. It was nice to see all the famous pics of people on the wall who have eaten there.
Food is not as good as I think. Sweet and sour beef barely have meat inside. Kitchen looks hella dirty. Worst customer service ever. My brother has to drop off my family and go find a parking since it was raining. They refuse to let my family to be seated and have to wait outside in the rain until everyone is present.
Such a great experience in China town, we arrived at 6pm on a Friday and surprisingly there was no wait (there was a line when we left). Shared tables for smaller parties. We shared the fried dumplings & shrimp fried rice, I would come back for this also! Everyone seemed to get the boiled dumplings, which also looked amazing. Totally recommend!
It is very busy even around 3pm. You should expect at least half an hour's wait but it worths it. For people who don't know what to order, definitely try xiaolongbao and the salty pork soup with bamboo. I want to try the pork feet; however, it is sold out.
I came here with family around 4:30 and it was still pretty pack. We ordered 2 xiao long baos (soup dumplings), Shanghai cho chow mein(I forgot what's it's called in English), Pan fried noodles, scallion pancakes and some kind of sliced beef with sweet and sour sauce. The xiao long baos were yummy and fillingexpect that the second order, ALL of the soup dumpling were popped before reaching our table. The noodle dishes were pretty salty, everyone else agreed with me. The sweet and sour beef was decent along with the scallion pancake. However, they gave us probably like 5 drops of the soy sauce that came with the scallion pancakes so it was pretty disappointing not being able to dip the scallion pancake with the sauce :( There are better places for Shanghai food around Chinatown, save your money and go there. Although Joes is cheaper, it's not worth it. You'll be disappointed.  ALSO, check your utensils. My spoon was covered with dried up soy sauce or something. They did not even apologize.
I was really excited to try this NYC staple so the fact that the food didn't live up to the hype is a bit disappointing. I did take out rather than wait in line for dine-in, so this review is on the food only. I LOVE XLB and was expecting a lot from these famous ones. They were tasty, plenty of flavorful dumpling juice, but every single one of my dumplings was punctured - surprising because the dough was thick, which also wasn't that appealing. So I had dumpling soup...which wasn't bad, but didn't give me the joy of biting into a gushing xlb. I also ordered the cold noodles with sesame sauce and barely ate any of it. Noodle with thick, pretty tasteless sesame paste that I couldn't bring myself to finish.
I was in town in NY and had to have soup dumplings. My coworker who lived in NY before moving to CA recommend this place. They have community table sitting. Service is fast and they have their system down pact. The soup dumplings are so good! I like the pork ones the best. The scallion pancake is amazing.  If I'm back in NY will definitely come back to have dim sum here!
Best xiao long bao I've had in a while.. Although it doesn't beat Din Tai Fung it's comparable. It oozes with flavorful broth and is quite delicious. We were seated at a large round table with 2 other parties, which some might find  awkward, but it can be standard at some Chinese restaurants. Besides the regular xiao long bao, we also had the one with crab meat, scallion pancakes, fried rice, and egg rolls. I didn't try the egg rolls, but my friends said it was a little too oily so I wouldn't recommend it. Everything else was delicious! The only downside to this place, is that it's cash only. Our bill came out to $43 for 3 people so it was a pretty cheap and satisfying first dinner in New York.
Always a big fan of shared tables, so if you don't want to wait, don't come with all your friends and family. The food is served generously and for the pice, it's overall good value.
OK, don't know where to start with my virgin experience here at Joe's. I admit, I had never heard of it but once I heard the words "pork soup dumplings" I knew I needed to go. So, I went that night. OK....patience is not my strong suit.I walked down a very cold (8 degrees) street that was deserted other than one crowded restaurant and I thought this must be Joe's. It was,  so inside I went begging for a single. Not 3 minutes later, I was seated and the server said "pork soup dumplings?" Yes, please....Tough to figure out how to eat these little morsels, but when you do...WOW! An explosion of soup, dumpling and that sauce. Very different and very good. Delicate is word that best defines them for me. I also had a nice cold beer (no glass, odd) and some General Tao's chicken which was very good with broccoli on the side. Best part of Joe's was the people you meet. It's so packed that you have no choice other than to talk to neighbors and share whatever you think looks good. I was in a hotel, so I gave my leftovers away to my new friends. Staff is quick and efficient. I would not call them nice, but friendly in a "get in and get out kind of beautiful way". Here is my last tip courtesy of my neighbors at the next table. Tip is included. Saved me enough dough for a hot toddy on the long walk home. Nice....
It's okay. I think this place is a bit overrated. I feel that the wait time to be seated could be long since it's well known and everyone comes. That aside, you might have to share tables (I don't mind but some might) and the space for all your food could be limited. Their food is like all other places I've been too.
Soup dumplings!  That is about all that needs to be said. If you are a fan of soup dumplings this is the place to get them and it is well worth the wait.
Got here at 1045 am on a Saturday & were first in line. When they opened at 11 there wasn't a free seat. It was so delicious!!! Highly recommend.
General tsos chicken here was bomb.I know what you're thinking. "That's not real Chinese food," and "who orders that." Well I say to you pompous fraud foodies that I don't care that general tsos chicken is American food. It's freaking delicious! We also had the soup dumplings, which were bigger and juicier than most places I've been to, and the pork shoulder (slightly under seasoned, but nothing some soy and hot oil didn't fix). The only gripe I have with this place is the seating. There is nothing more intimate than sharing a table with 2 tourists from mannitowah county Wisconsin and 3 mainlanders. Would have rather gone somewhere a little step down in food to be able to be only amongst friends.
Not going to lie when I first arrived here and was told the wait was going to be over an hour I was really upset. But once I sat down to eat I was blown away. I had the pork dumplings, Scallion pancake, and the pan fried noodles. 10/10 on all of those.  Food was great and once I was seated service was quick and efficient. I would deff go back
We end up at Joe's due to extremely high volume of positive reviews on Yelp. We arrive on a Saturday night around 7:00pm and waited an hour for an open table. The wait wasn't the reason why I rated this place with a 3 star, it was just the mediocre dishes that garner the middle of the road rating.First on the plate, the xiao long bao was not up to the standard that I am used to in Taipei or Los Angeles's Din Tai Fung, the skin was too thick near the top of the bao, the soup was fairly well represented, but the filling not well mixed between the lean and fat pork. There also a lack of sweetness in the filling. The The fried pork chop was dry and uninspiring. The fried rice was perfect in this otherwise average meal. If this what Chinese food taste like in NYC, I'll have to stick to steaks and pizza.
Decided to try this place out because of all the raving reviews. The entire place is super packed with 2-3 different parties sitting at your table. It was pretty awkward since it was a round table. Also the food wasn't phenomenal. The only dish that stood out to me was the soup dumplings which is the only reason for tourist visits. Please be aware that portions are big! Our eyes were bigger than our stomachs :/
I've been going to Chinatown for Shanghai buns for many years, so I've had my fair share. Finally visited Joe's since there was no wait. Not a big deal but if you didn't know, you have to share big round tables with others. The buns were a bit bigger than usual but there was really nothing special. Save yourself the wait and go to the many other Shanghai restaurants around. Nothing against it, but doesn't deserve the hype.
This place has our favorite soup dumplings and pork shoulder, but we are not a fan of sharing a big table with random strangers. The place is also crowded and the waiters can bump into your seats easily or reach over your head and may spill something.Plus, this place is cash only! Be sure to stop by the bank to withdraw to avoid ATM fees!We do prefer the other location by the Theater District of Manhattan, which is more grand in scale, decorated more nicely and has a bigger menu selection (plus hardly any wait). The soup dumplings here taste the same!
So impressed when I came here! Came from a small town in CT and happened to get sat with a couple from there too. They taught us how to eat the soup dumplings, which were so good! The pork was my favorite. We also Got fried chicken (ok) and general tso's chicken (very good!) 100% recommend and want to come back!!
Love their Soupy Dumplings! Price is good, service is fast. Cash only. The only thing that bugs me is when the second you are done, the waitstaff cleans your table and can't wait for you to get out. They will stare you down. It is a busy place, I get it. Can I digest my dumplings please?
This is by far the best Chinese restaurant I've ever been too. I've never had food in china so I can't verify the authenticity of the meal but what I can say is that it was delicious. Our party shared the crispy chicken and a couple orders of the steamed dumplings. The wait was a tad long but it's understandable considering the quality of the food. Service was typically. Not phenomenal but not bad at all. All in all it's a must for those trying to get a full Chinatown experience.
Okay so over the years i have definitely experienced better soup dumplings. The chinatown location is mayhem! My friend and I ended up sharing a table with two other parties and it was definitely cramped. There was barely enough room to put the food down! I was afraid that the staff will spill dumplings, sauces and anything in between on me. I was super stressed out the whole time. If you're looking for a good atmosphere to eat and talk this will not be the place. You will be eating and hustled out!The quality of the dumplings were also not up to their usual standards. It looked as if they didn't even try to place the dumplings apart so they won't stick. Some of the dumplings were open at the top so just imagine the disappointment when you pick one up only to realize all the soup is gone!If you're in the area for soup dumplings there are better ones around chinatown with less of a crowd and a better experience! Don't just eat here for the name it's americanized and not as good as it use to be.
Excellent Soup Dumplings.  There is usually a line, but it moves fast.  Be prepared to sit with strangers.  The place is crowded and loud.Soup Dumplings are what makes this place famous, and you shouldn't miss them, but the rest of the menu is very good.The staff is fast and abrupt.  It's tough to get clear answers to any questions you might ask.I've been twice and would eat here again.
Food was good. Service not the greatest but I already knew that coming in. Overall it was a good meal
We had dumplings and Kung Pao chicken here. Both were pretty ordinary. We have had much better dumplings and Kung Pao chicken elsewhere. The waiter had a very bored look on his face and it seemed that he was quite unwilling to be our waiter. The service was average. We have been to much better Chinese restaurants overall -  with respect to the quality of food as well as the service. Just because it is in Chinatown in Manhattan and it is highly rated on Yelp doesn't make it a good Chinese restaurant.
THE BEST OF THE BEST!despise of the LONG BRUTAL wait and the unorganized wait list, the soup dumplings is really worth the wait. each bite is a burst of juicy flavor and you can really taste the perfection in each dumpling. the order comes with steamed cabbage and is a nice touch. orders come out pipping hot so make sure you cool off the soup after you take a little bite. just make sure you don't spill the soup inside because it's the best part of it all!we ordered the green onion pancake and WOW. just WOW. it was seriously the best one i've tasted. i wish i ordered a whole plate to myself.when you come to joes just stick to the soup dumplings and the green onion pancakes. the other entrees are mediocre. just stay away from ordering too much other items. you will be seated with other parties so be prepared to sit in a big table with strangers. food comes out fast so you'll be on your way quickly. remember CASH only. enjoy!
Terrible digs, sub-par and overpriced XLB, and lackluster dishes. The fried flounder is the only seriously tasty thing I've had here. I'd rather get a foot massage across the street and then go Shanghai Cafe deluxe, 456, or flushing.
Good food, shady hygiene. Weekday 7pm seating about 20min wait, not too bad. Dumplings are amazing but everything else is good but not extraordinary. So let me just say, dumplings are 5 star, service is standard china town, all other food items just about as good/bad as any other decent China town restaurant. Don't expect much from decor either.
Leaving a long overdue review, among the thousands.As I've mentioned in other reviews, I think after a certain while, some restaurants just get crushed by the weight of the expectations, and there's no escaping it. You'll notice that the Yelp ratings from years ago start off pretty positive and as time goes on, they get progressively worse. For me, I first tried Joe's back in 2011 and after trying it recently, I don't really think anything about the experience changed. Both experiences were fine, but nothing above that, so for me, it was just kinda started out as average in the first place. Average is okay though, if it serves its purpose. I just don't know if it's worth coming out of your way for. I understand the hype, I just won't partake in it myself.The soup dumplings are good. They do a good job with the skins and the amount of soup and amount of meat. Most everything else is pretty standard and can be easily found at your everyday Chinatown takeout restaurant. However, everything is a bit more expensive here than other restaurants, even in Chinatown, for no real particular reason. It's not like there's a fine dining ambiance, or even close to that, and it doesn't really seem like they're using super-high quality ingredients. A puzzle, for sure. In the realm of New York, it's still cheap, but if you're going to compare to other Chinatown restaurants, it's actually on the more expensive side. First world problems.The service is legitimately inattentive, much more inattentive than most of the other places in Chinatown. It's always busy, so I get it, but it gets frustrating. I'm more than willing to overlook service that's impersonal (which Chinatown is known for), as long as it's fast and no-nonsense. As with most of these types of soup dumpling eateries, you don't necessarily go to soak in the ambiance, so I value efficient service above all. Not thrilled that they automatically add gratuity to your bill either, although it's only 15%, lower than the usual 20%. I think that's why they feel like they can get away with inefficient service.I'm going to be a hater and just say, in the realm of soup dumplings and just in the overall end-to-end experience, I think Shanghai Cafe is better. I know Joe's Shanghai gets all the attention for being first on the block and Shanghai Cafe isn't without its own flaws, but when it comes down to it, Shanghai Cafe is cheaper and faster for about the same quality of food, relatively the same ambiance, all at a better value. However, I would say give it a try if you've never been, especially if you can beat the long lines. After that, I would try other places.
Soupy dumplings (3 stars): they were huge, very soupy, quite tasty, but a little on the greasy side even for soupy dumplings. Very affordable. It is a different technique than DTF. DTF's wrapping is more plastic-y and gel like (which is rather unique and untraditional). These are more bread like, possibly with quite a bit of lard into the wrapping to keep it tender and flavourful. Pork chop noodles (4 stars): The pork chops were very well-fried, do ask for it on the side rather than soaking in the soup, though. The dumpling were soupy enough for me to soak my noodles in. Yum.Scallion pancake (5 stars): the best of all the stuff we had--crispy and beautifully fried.A very bustling place, I personally enjoyed the chaos, but if you don't, avoid busy hours.
Everything we had was delicious the spring rolls have shrimp in them. The chives pancake scrumptious. The chili shrimp was perfect.
***CASH ONLY***Nestled in China Town, Joe's Shanghai is one of NYC's hot spots for xiao long bao (soup dumplings). There is ALWAYS a line. This location opens at 11 am, so if you want to avoid a long wait, get here 10 minutes til it opens, or at 11:15 and you should be able to get seated in the first round.At first, I thought this place would be a Dim Sum restaurant like Jing Fong, but it is a tiny restaurant with a fish tank, round tables for large groups, and some fish tanks. If you are in a small group, sometimes you will be seated with larger groups at the communal tables.You are able to order from a menu and the soup dumplings are on the appetizer page. I ordered:-soup dumplings (pork)-shredded turnip pancakes (pork inside)-side of bok choy-flat shanghai noodlesThe service was pretty fast  considering how packed it was. While everything tasted delicious, I would have been content with ordering 3 orders of soup dumplings and nothing else. There is a lot of juice in the soup dumplings making it melt in your mouth.The whole meal only cost under $40. The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is that they charged $11.95 for bok choy. WTF.-Take home point: get here early to avoid a huge line and order the pork soup dumplings and you won't regret it.
Love the soup dumplings from this restaurant are amazing!  I tried a few other dishes but that is the one that stood out to me the most as it was my first time trying it.  Not entirely fond of sitting at a table with a bunch of strangers BUT that has nothing to do with the food.  Noodles where good and the scallion pancakes were delicious!
We were visiting New York and definitely wanted to stop by and see what soup dumplings were all about! Our wait was about 45 mins long and we were seated with two other groups so it was very interesting to say the least. I guess they were trying to seat everyone as soon as possible.  We ordered to orders of the pork Xiao long baos, spring rolls and shanghai fried noodles.The spring rolls came out first and they were nice and hot. The fillings was your standard but they were a lot larger than we expected.The noodles came out a little after and they were good but a little too greasy for my liking.The pork xiao long baos finally came out and they were steaming hot in all their deliciousness. The dumplings came out piping hot and were overflowing with delicious broth that was full of depth and flavor. The sauce was a nice compliment to the savoriness of the dumplings.Overall, this was our first experience at soup dumplings and we found them delicious. Other than the wait, we would definitely consider coming back again!
I come here when I am in the mood for authentic soup dumplings.  If there is one thing that I look for in a restaurant is for its food is to always be good.  Consistency is key!  I can not tell you how many places I have been to that have great food upon my first visit and then I never experience those same flavors again.  Be prepared for a wait and to be seated next to strangers.
Joe's Shanghai was a must on my list to try when I am in New York. As I read the reviews and salivated over the pictures I know I want to try it...even if it means I have to wait hours (since most reviews stated that the wait for forever long lol). But I am glad to say...on the day that I did visit...I didn't have to wait!!! I felt so lucky!! lol We walked in and was seated immediately! (I also got lucky at another hot spot in New York...but I will review that later)So after a long walk from Soho to China Town in the most brutal cold I have experienced...we were so ready to eat. But then I wanted to save my stomach for other dishes in the Chinatown...so me and the gents only ordered one pork soup dumplings and one seafood dumplings. The wait for both to come out wasn't very long...and so pretty soon we were dipping our soup dumplings in the sweet and sour with a hint of ginger soy sauce and happily taking it all in one bite. But remember to either chew a little part of the soup dumplings so all the hot air can be released or poke a hole...just incase its still very hot and you end up burning your tongue! Anyways...so the soup inside the dumpling was flavorful and the meat was greatly seasoned. But I only liked the pork soup dumplings. I really couldn't taste anything in the seafoods one...So next time I will only ordered the pork. Overall, I will come back again when I am in town. It was good!
Overall, just had a pretty awful meal here. The soup dumplings are pretty good (by no means best in NYC, although certainly solid) but the rest of the food is BAD -- greasy, gloppy, americanized Chinese food. Everything we ordered had the same, one-note, brown-sauce flavor. In a city (and a neighborhood) filled with such amazing food, I'm shocked to see such an overwhelming amount of positive reviews for this incredibly mediocre restaurant. You're so much better going to a place like Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles for this kind of food, or a dim sum hall like Jing Fong for spectacular Chinese. Finally, I'd like to note that this place is cash-only (which is bullshit) and overpriced, too.Point being: Don't go here.
Went here because of the great reviews. I ordered cold sesame noodles, they were so bland, no taste at all.Ordered chicken with broccoli. It was so greasy, I couldn't believe how much grease was in the dish and no taste because all there was , was oil! I just ate the top part, not to ingest all that oil. My friend ordered beef with scallions, it was greasy as well, but not as bad as mine.Also we had to share a table.And be careful, the and the tax and tip on the bill, no matter if your one, two or ten people, so don't tip twice!!No, I won't be going back!
Service was great which is why they got the extra star but, their reign has been going on too long and the food was terrible. Too salty and over priced. We had 4 dishes and not a single one was good. Add two beer and final price was $86
This place is always busy.  Yesterday was my second time here since we came here from VA and this was our first stop.  I think they been hyped up because of not many places offering soup dumplings but my husband and I have found several restaurants in DC/MD area where their dumplings are way more big and better.  It was still good but doesn't live up to all the raving about it anymore since we found some back home that tastes better. They are cash only so make sure you have some before going in or there's an ATM right down the street.
As I write this, Abby S's review is to my right and I couldn't agree more with her review.I have been coming to Joe's for a few years now and the food has gone downhill. Last time I went to Joe's we ordered 3 orders of soup dumplings and about 20/24 broke immediately. This past weekend, they arrived to the table broken. There were only 3 that survived but many were broken upon arrival or broke when we picked them up. None of us are new to this- we know how to handle the delicate juicy gifts. But this was terrible. My second complaint is upon seeing someone else's order of snow shoots (snow pea shoots? or whatever those sauteed greens are), my friend ordered one. It was basically a large bunch of sauteed greens. Let me give you the price breakdown: Pork fried rice - $10, soup dumplings $7, snowpea shoots $16!!!!!!!! SIXTEEN DOLLARS for a bunch of greens with garlic! Are you kidding me?!Sorry Joe's, but I can't do this anymore. Gonna try the other soup dumpling places to find a replacement.
I've tried a few other places in Chinatown and Joe's Shanghai is as good as it gets. Granted, I completely ignore other items on the menu besides pork dumplings and scallion pancakes but my review on them is still legitimate! I've been told the dumplings here are too large but come on, unless you have a mouth the size of a baby these should make you feel like you're getting a bang for your buck. Also, who complains about the size when you're getting more?! Anywho, the broth is very tasty paired w/ the vinegar sauce and the pork piece is tenderly delicious. I like to poke a hole in the dumpling and let the soup spew onto the spoon w/ a little bit of vinegar then eat the remaining dry. I'm weird, yes I get it. I just love the sour-salty factor and zing I get drinking the soup. It's SO GOOD!The price on the 2 items I consistently order is insanely amazing for the quality of food. $6.25 per steam basket of 8! Sure, the service is literally the worst and ambiance is nothing glamorous but that's secondary compared to the scrumptious foods I stuff in my mouth. I also approve of the tip being already included in the check, it skips the hassle of having to calculate. Oh by the way, you can totally get your soup dumpling to go. I had no idea until I just absolutely couldn't finish my food and although it seems like a bad idea because the soup hardens but you can just steam it or microwave it w/ a paper towel over your bowl/plate. This was a game changer for me, knowing that I can take to go.
I came here with high hopes! I was slightly disappointed, but it was pretty tasty. Does not compare to Din Tai Fung in Los Angeles or abroad. The soup and pork was good, but I didn't like the texture of the dumpling. Also they are too big! A smaller dumpling that fits nicely in the spoon is much better. I'm glad I tried out this hotspot, but I won't be going back for seconds.
Tips: -Come early!! The restaurant may be open, but they do not start taking orders until 11am. I arrived at 10:45am, and there was already 2 tables "reserved" by 2 customers sitting there. Even if all members of your party arrive before 11am, orders are not taken till 11am. By 11:20am, the entire place was jam-packed! -This may be common sense haha but order the soup dumplings (8 per order). The first time the waiter asks is if you want soup dumplings. All other food items are comparable to 500 other restaurants in Chinatown. However the soup dumplings... oh my lord, are one of a kind!-I prefer the crab soup dumplings to the pork. I was surprised at the amount of crab in each dumpling. The crab flavor is very prominent in both filling and soup. -Eat it while its hot!! The dumplings are not as good as it cools to room temp. Dislikes:- Cash only $ - 15% involuntary gratuity/service charge Best soup dumplings I have ever had? Yes, in my life thus far.Is it worth the hype? Well....  I do not think its worth the wait if its more than 30 minutes.
Very authentic place in the heart of Chinatown. They have shared tables so be prepared to share your table with some strangers. When my friends and I popped in on a Saturday around 4:30 there was no wait but the place was pretty busy. By the time we left an hour later, there was a wait list and groups of people waiting outside. After reading reviews about the dumplings at this place, we of course had to order some as our app. It was very different. I've never had steamed pork dumplings like these. They were pretty good but not amazing. It was more fun trying to figure out how to eat them. We also ordered the Kung pao chicken and seafood pan friend flat noodles and they were delicious!The service was fast and staff were pretty friendly. I'd come back.
The food here is pretty good, but it's definitely overrated.  The soup dumplings aren't mind-blowing if you've already had legit soup dumplings.  I'm from Philly, and both Dim Sum Garden and Sakura's soup dumplings are on par with what Joe's had to offer.  The difference among them?  Joe's Shanghai crams as many tables as possible and you're forced to share tables with other people... Oh, and this is lunch on a Friday when most people should be working.  Weekend lines would not be worth the wait.
This place is for tourists that don't know good Chinese food. Greasy, not friendly. I have no idea how they even got a rating. The place is filthy.
Over 3,500 reviews, what more can one say. Definitely recommend. I loved every since thing I tried, from flavor to size of the plate, and can't wait to go back to try some more!!!
Fantastic soup dumplings, and also super cheap! But I wasn't the one who hung around for two hours when we put our name down lol. It's a LITTLE faster if you have a small group, but still, the crowd was outrageous, like an auction with people yelling out numbers!On to the food. $6 for 8 pork dumplings. $7 for 8 seafood dumplings! The skin is thicker than I'm used to but still so good. And these were probably the hottest (Temp wise) that I've had.The pan fried seafood noodles was delicious! Love pan fried chewy noodles. Scallion pancakes were a little burnt and kind of too oily for my taste.Kung pao chicken was made with white meat? Haha, it was alright stillShrimp fried rice was yum!Be prepared to possibly share communal tables and be super cramped. Also. Cash only!
Absolutely delicious! We ordered the pork soup dumplings and they were out of this world. I keep thinking about them and wanting more! Many of the tables are communal so I just wanted to mention that in case you weren't expecting it. The staff wasn't overly friendly but most likely because they are very busy. The prices are very affordable and I would recommend going here for lunch or dinner.
I'm ashamed to say this, but I've lived in New York my entire life & this is the FIRST time I have ever ate in China Town! Of course I went on yelp to find the BEST one, with the most reviews, and most stars. The place wasn't hard to find, there was one other couple ahead of us. They give you a ticket with a number while waiting. When we were finally seated, we sat at a huge round table, that can fit 12 people. It was kind of tight, and a little weird at first, eating with strangers. But that goes away as soon on someone says "have you been here before" after suggestions from yelp, and also people sitting with us, we went with the soup dumplings (pork) my husband also ordered the fried dumplings just in case he didn't like them, it was obvious they were good considering everyone in the entire restaurant had them on their table. Then we had to learn how to eat them by people at the table, take a little bite, suck the soup out, then eat the dumpling, pretty easy, and I must say, delicious also! We also ordered the general tz chicken, with pork fried rice, well I must say...this was the first time I had real Chinese food! Tasted WAY better than I've ever we had anywhere else! Service was great, always around if you needed anything, I most definitely will be going back! I don't even want to eat my normal take out Chinese food anymore!
Amazing food!!! Crab and pork dumplings were to die for! Like a little hidden Jem and the service so so fast.
Omg I was so excited to try Joe's Shanghai especially the crazy amount of reviews at this particular location, but it is really not worth the hype.Being from the west coast here in Los Angeles, I have my regular dumpling house I go to called Mama Lu's. I of course had expectations Joes will surpass the Lu's, but it didn't. Their famous xiao long bao aka pork soup dumpling lacked flavor and the texture of the wrap is not authentic at all if you know what a true xiao long bao is suppose to taste like. Only thing that attracts customers is the huge size of these dumplings, but I'm more of a quality over quantity type of gal.We also ordered szechuan beef with bean curd and shanghai noodle soup. Those weren't good either. So I honestly have nothing else to say about them.Overall this is more of a tourist spot. The service is just like any typical fast pace Asian restaurant (meaning no service pretty much). Portions are huge though.
The soup dumplings here are okay. I was too hyped for this place. When you get there walk into the restaurant and get a ticket from up front. There is no space to wait inside, so you have to go outside until your number is called. They have a crazy disorganized way to get people seated. Workers come out and ask for your number. Then you have to shout it out in hopes she puts your number on her list. After all this chaos, you get seated in their packed restaurant. Don't expect to be seated at a table with just your party because you will share tables with strangers- I guess an interesting experience. Then the waiter comes and ask for your order. We ordered their soup dumpling and fried rice, but we ended up never getting our fried rice. Sigh... Soup dumplings are okay. They have a lot of flavor, but their wrappings were slightly too hard. They didn't taste as fresh as they could be. We asked for a cup of water multiple times, but never got them:( I was pretty happy to leave the hectic place after a while. Are the soup dumpling really worth the long cold wait outside? Are they really worth the chaos you have to endure for them?? Mmmmm... They weren't for me....
Joe's Shanghai reminds me of my dining experience in Shanghai.  I was seated in a round table with total strangers while enjoying their world famous Soup Dumplings stuffed with crab and pork meat.  Really enjoyed their super hot sweet and sour soup.5*****S all around for the entire experience from food to service.  Can't wait to come back
I've only been here for the soup dumplings, so I will consider coming back and leaving a review for more of the options. The soup dumplings were definitely really good! I've tried xiaolongbao in MANY places and this is one of the best. The service is okay, and it is definitely crowded, but I didn't mind too much. The prices here are also great, very much worth it. FYI, this is also one of those family-style restaurants so, if you're coming with a small group, prepare to share a table with strangers.
5 star food, 2 star service. The servers are a bit rude and you have to share tables but the food is honestly worth it. Try #1 on the menu ! Amazing xiao long baos. The fried rice is also pretty good! Definitely try it at least once.
Where does one take a Chinese girl from California for her first NY restaurant experience? Apparently Joe's Shanghai for some famous soup dumplings!!My friend and I went to Joe's Shanghai right before the lunch rush, so we didn't have to wait at all. Ordered an order of the pork XLB/soup dumpling and an order of Shanghai Fried Noodles (so we could save our tummies for other delicious NY eats). And we still had leftover noodles!The service was decent for a Chinese restaurant, nothing to complain about. The soup dumplings were sooo good! Pretty big, really juicy, and so delicious! The noodles were pretty good too! We ended up recommending that dish to two other parties sitting near us, who also really liked it.Good thing we read the tips before going to Joe's, because if you read the receipt, it tells you that the restaurant automatically adds 15% gratuity  (regardless of the number of people in your party), so make sure not to tip them double!!Our total for the 1 order of soup dumplings and 1 order of noodles came out to be $18, which was pretty cheap. But seeing the prices for the other dishes, they can get kind of pricey. I think I would just come and focus on the soup dumplings!
Soup dumplings is what they are known for and I can say it's yummy. It has become a tourist spot due to many celebs going there. Long wait line and have to sit with random strangers at tables. Service wants you to eat fast and gtfo to service other people. Decor is non existent and cash only. 2/5 for me just because good food is still existent is this bustling place.
I've been going to Joe's Shanghai my whole life! It's my go to Chinese restaurant. Is a Chinatown staple where everyone must go. There are a bunch of great options in the area, but Joe's is probably the most well known. I'm guessing Joe's is most known for their awesome soup dumplings. I usually order just the pork, but there is an option to order crab and pork soup dumplings. Other dishes I normally order are: the scallion pancakes, shrimp pan fried noodles, shrimp fried rice, sesame chicken, and my absolute favorite is the crispy jumbo prawns in meat sauce. So the crispy jumbo prawns in meat sauce is a very unique dish. It's not actually meat sauce, it's more like a sweet sauce that is spicy as well. It's so delicious! This location is the most popular and I believe the original. You can get lucky and sometimes get right in or other times there's a massive wait. It's interesting because they have communal tables here at Joe's. Sometimes if you're with a smaller group you'll get put with random people at a table. The food does happen to come out extremely fast. Sometimes too fast. If you haven't been to Joe's it should be at the top of your list.
After 3,600+ reviews, I'll put in another penny's worth. A party of 6 ordered the following:3 orders of pork XLB, 1 order of crab XLB, 3 orders of scallion pancakes, 1 order of stir-fried rice cake, 1 order of crispy fried chicken noodle. All this for $12/person. Hard to beat. My only gripe was that some of the pork XLBs were a bit too delicate (popped too easily). Everything else was spot on. We all left quite happy (and full).
We came here at around 3:30pm on the Saturday after Christmas. The wait for 6 people was about 35 minutes. The staff works their asses off here, and the crowds make it even harder. We got to our table, a big round meant for 8, we shared the table with 2, not a bad deal. So obviously the soup dumplings (xiao long bao) are obligatory. We ordered the pork and the crab/pork. They were good, the shell was sturdy and the dumplings were big, but they were just good. The crispy shredded beef was tangy and had a great texture, the cold sesame noodle were also nice.We've been going to John's Shangai for years and I think they're xiao long bao was better, and we never had to wait on line. I would try it at least once, it's cheap and delicious, but the wait is definitely a turn off.
Dinner time can be pretty busy with wait times of up to 2hrs. Go for lunch and get the pork dumplings, they are delicious!
Soup dumplings were good and lived up to expectations!Don't expect much in terms of frills - this is a bare bones type of establishment.
I've never tried soup dumplings in my life, and boy do I regret not trying them after my first visit to Joe's Shanghai. Their dumplings are juicy and tender, and dare I say the best dumplings I've ever tried in my life. Although I had to wait a while for a table, it was totally worth waiting out in a cold rain because those dumplings immediately warmed my body. I recommend trying them with fried rice and spinach. In fact, all dishes are delicious, so do yourself a favor and give them a try.
Place was PACKED at 5pm, which is always a great sign. Dumplings were outstanding, lo-mein was great ... chow-mein was not worth it and should be skipped. Go for the dumplings tho! Awesome.
Bring on the soup dumplings!!I still cannot believe I've only recently been introduced to soup dumplings!  And...months later, I still cannot get enough.  There's something special about eating a piece of dough with meat and soup exploding in your mouth.  If that isn't "magic" (in food at least), then I don't know what magic is.Asian Shanghai Manor (as my first place of soup dumplings) will always have a special place in my heart...but I was really excited to finally try Joe's Shanghai after hearing so many raving things about it.  The soup dumplings were amazing here!  They actually do taste better than those at Asian Shanghai's, and service is extremely fast here.  The scallion pancakes are great as well, but Asian Shanghai's is much chewier.  We also ordered a stir fried noodle seafood dish.  It was a little too dry and crunchy for my taste, so I would recommend to go with a lo mein or noodle soup instead.This place is crowded, so make sure your party's ok with waiting for a while.  Also, you will most likely not get a table of your own, but it's also kind of neat to share a table with a party (or two) with strangers.  The people I sat with were extremely friendly and tourists, and they were just as excited to eat there as I was.Definitely a must-try at least once when you're in Chinatown!  But, otherwise...let me stick with my bias of Asian Shanghai.
Solid 4 stars. Since my most extensive experience with xiao long bao has been with Din Tai Fung (been to the locations in Costa Mesa, Arcadia, Seattle, Taiwan, and Hong Kong), this review will focus largely on comparing the two locations.Where Joe's Shanghai wins:- Soup:dumpling ratio: There have been times when I bite into DTF's xiao long bao's and the amount of soup was disappointingly small. The XLB at Joe's were so juicy that I had trouble eating it (a good problem to have). - Pricing: prices here are substantially cheaper than DTF's, which means more bang for your buck. Where Din Tai Fung wins:- Flavor of the soup: the soup in the XLB at DTF has a noticeably more complex flavor profile. - Service: more polite, but I think that comes with the fact that DTF has a more upscale ambiance. Minor win. - Other food items: at both DTF and Joe's, I've ordered some of their non-XLB dishes. The food at Joe's overall was just okay - not bad, but not stellar. Their scallion pancakes were good, but it was really fried and rather oily. Their vegetable dish was mediocre, and was actually the most expensive thing we ordered. The noodle soup was rather bland - would definitely skip. DTF's other menu items are overshadowed by their XLB, but it's better than the one's I tried at Joe's. Differences:- Atmosphere: many of the DTF locations are on the nicer end, with a clean, upscale atmosphere. Joe's Shanghai on the other hand is more similar to your typical Asian restaurants - loud and casual. Not a pro or a con in my book for either case. Overall, I wish that DTF and Joe's Shanghai's would fuse together - bigger, juicier XLB at a cheaper price, with DTF's soup base. But very solid 4 stars - would definitely go back if I'm in the area.
The soup dumplings are legit. There's a reason why there's always 30+ people standing outside waiting to eat. The rest of the food, however, is comparable to your local Chinese delivery joint. Gorge yourself on dumplings and skip everything else.
Soup dumplings are amazing! (Xiao Long Bao) I went from Din Tai Fung to this OG spot. No disrespect to DTF but the price for the dumping's here are way better and just as good. We got an order for about $9! We also ordered the Shanghai fried rice and crispy pork chops. The outside part of the dumping was just a little to thick for me but that didn't take away from how good those dumping's were. Fried rice and pork chops were like any other place but still good. Tables were a little too small for all the food we ordered but keep in mind the restaurant is not very big. We came when it was raining and there wasn't a wait but I can only imagine how long the wait is when it's a nice day out. They make it an effort to get you in and out. Also, 15% tip is already included when paying for check.(look on the last page of the menu) Overall, will come back to this place! Cheap food for vacation! (CASH ONLY)
Overall rating: THE BEST XIU LONG BAO IN NYC. Food: This is perhaps my favorite restaurant in Manhattan's Chinatown. I first came here when I was 12 and the xiu long bao (soup dumplings) were amazing. Even today, they are equally amazing. The "skin" is not too thick or thin. They don't stick to your teeth and they're a little chewy. The meat is very bitey (which is a great thing because it's not loose and mushy)and juicy. The crab meat ones have a good seafood taste and the normal pork ones have a great meaty taste-- not smelly. The soup was a nice consistency and rich with flavors that complimented the meat. We also had the fried dumplings, which were also delicious! It's a little greasy, as expected, because it's fried, but it's so good. so good. if you like dumplings, you'll like it. The skin is one of the most important parts and it's similar to the ones used in the xiu long bao, meaning it's good. Also, if you come here, you should save most of the room in your stomach for the xiu long bao. If you wanted an actual Chinese dinner, the food is about the same as the next top rated Chinese restaurant, probably with a shorter wait. Cost: My boyfriend and I ordered one crab meat xiu long bao, one pork, and one fried dumplings. The total was about $30 with tip and everything. Atmosphere/Appearance: The place was small and there are as many tables that can fit as possible. They are mainly large tables, so smaller parties will probably end up sharing a table. If that makes you uncomfortable, it's ok it's part of the experience. I actually liked the hustle and bustle and how cozy it was. Service: There are usually many employees working. Again, being in Chinatown, it definitely helps if you spoke Cantonese or Mandarin. If you don't know how to speak these languages, you can always learn a few phrases and give yourself a pat on the back. It'll be well worth it for the food alone. The servers were also very quick to ask if we wanted to place an order for xiu long bao so they can get started right away, which was absolutely brilliant.
Amazing pork soup dumplings, I would actually travel all the way from DC to eat these if I craved it badly enough (I did once). Also got a spicy whole fried fish once that was AMAZING. Mixed the sauce with some white rice and fell into the most amazing food coma later.
Okay 2 words SOUP DUMPLING are amazing! They are just the balance of savory and yum! The place is small and fast. They even might sit you at a table with other people, it's ok just be friendly plus they might even give you some helpful suggestions like us! We had the soup dumplings are a must do not pass up these pillowy purses of broth and pork (just watch you don't burn your mouth they come out pipping hot). I had soup and my friends had pan fried noodles, both very tasty. The people next to us had the salt and pepper shrimp  they looked so deliciously crispy!! I'm totally getting g the next time. I was a little nervous reading some of the other reviews that didn't rave about this place, but to each is own, right!! My friends and I loved it, great food, good service, and great prices!! Oh beer and wine only! Enjoy! Tip: not sure how to eat a soup dumpling look around the room and you'll be a pro in no time.
It was definitely a positive experience. Being able to sit with others and see what they ordered, as well as enjoy our food at a low price, it was the highlight of our day. Scallion pancakes, both kinds of soup dumplings, and shredded pork soup were amazing!
Be honest, I'm not sure why this place is so popular!Since I'm in Chinatown, it will be unfair for me to judge the environment! You will know once you visit there! (Wink)Food quality, the soup dumpling skin (white dough) is very thick. I'm from Asia, and soup dumpling is the thing for me!  But I'm totally disappointed with their soup dumpling!  However, their service is pretty nice!  Surprise surprise!!!!! Especially from Chinatown!
A friend recommended the dumplings here when we visited Chinatown. I am glad we stopped in. We ordered the crab and pork dumplings to start. They were delicious and have a warm soup broth inside. We order 4 meals to share amongst 8 and it was more than enough.
Soup dumplings are amazing! We also ordered the crispy Peking duck which was tasty. Lines are super long if you go during peak meal hours. This establishment is very small so they sometimes seat you with other parties for high turnovers. I give it a four star only because our waiter was not personable but the food was wonderful!
Came here when it was raining outside and they got me and my girlfriend seated quickly. They have a lot of workers doing different jobs to allow for quick service. As soon as we sat down a server came by and we put in a order for the xiao long bao. They served us water and in about 15minutes our first order came out and we put in an order for the deep fried pork chops and fried rice. The xiao long bao was pretty good and very cheap! The deep fried pork chops and fried rice was good. If you are in a hurry and just want some warm food to pass the cold weather they do a good job on getting people in and out. I would come back here but maybe just order 4 orders of the xiao long bao.
Okay, all the stuff I previously said except now 4 stars because they make the best orange chicken I've ever had in my life.THE EFFING BEST ORANGE CHICKEN, EVAR!!!
This place is the real deal.  Came here around 6pm for dinner and there was a wait of about 25 minutes.  Once you are seated ordering is fast and the food comes out fairly quickly.  We ordered the crab and pork dumplings, pork dumplings, young chow fried rice, and deep fried spiced chicken chunks.  Let me just say that the dumplings were absolutely delicious.  The crab and pork dumplings had crab roe inside.  Together with the pork it was really delicious.  When you bite into it the soup just pours out.  The thickness of the dough was perfect and not too doughy.  The dumplings were large with an abundant amount of filling.  Best I have tasted.  The yeung chow fried rice was also delicious.  Not greasy at all and just good Chinese fried rice.  The fried chicken was very tasty.  It came with dipping salt.  Perfect compliment to the dumplings and fried rice we ordered.  Service at Joe's was just outstanding.  A notch above the rest.  They are very attentive and are quick to take care of your needs.  When my plate was full of dumpling soup they brought extra clean plates to the table right way.  We didn't have to ask.  Water glasses were constantly checked and filled...again...we didn't have to ask.  Now I know why Joe's is a must if you are visiting Chinatown NYC.  Put Joe's at the top of your list.
The food is unbeatable, I got the pork soup dumplings and I crave them constantly now. The only problem I had was the staff was a bit rude and service was poor, but gratuity for a party of three was automatically included, which seemed a bit snaky. Not sure if that was a mistake because they were really busy, but either way doesn't excuse the service. Still worth going to for the food though.
Vegetarians and pescetarians - no soup dumplings here for you. I tried asking if they could make their crabmeat and pork dumplings without the pork but alas, they could not. My friend loved the dumplings. I loved the snow pea leaf dish with garlic (off menu but just ask). They don't carry Chinese broccoli, though, which was disappointing and surprising. We also ordered a whole steamed flounder, which wasn't bad, but not properly seasoned. The texture was good, but the flavor was not - way too bland. Overall, not bad but I'm not sure it's worth the wait if you don't eat meat.
NOTICE TO ALL NEW people's who never been here : BEWARE DO NOT come here. I saw the review over 4K and 4+ or so Star figure it should be a good place .... NOT!!!!! Extremely disappointed and NOT happy. I Don't know why the life of me it even have customers only possible reason is cause the LIE Fake review they have for this place. Con: Rated C By the food and health department 1: YOU have to share table with other people's 2: RUDE disrespectful service you talk to them and they ignored you and rush you to eat and pay and get out. 3: TIPS is NOT an option they charge you automatically on your bill don't matter your party and still expect to get more after you pay the bills with the tip that they already Added automatically on your bills and try to cheat you. 4: RUDE , Disrespectful, Horrible Service, watch Your Bills or you will get cheated. Food wise it not worth it. Fried rice is plain tasteless fried pork chop is dry and plain no taste. Overall their food isn't anything worthwhile or good. Their dumplings which was all the hyped review is NOT worth the attitude and service YOU get from them. So Beware People's DO Not come here !!! Do not give them your business!!!
Dumplings are great! One of the traditional ones I've tried. Its a place that I would go back to for dinner from time to time. The dumplings are juicy and fresh. They ask you what kind of dumplings you want and how many once you are seated, since it's their signature dish and assumes everyone that walks in would definitely order it. Also it takes some time to steam because it's freshly made. It's usually crowded, so if your planning to go with a big group, I suggest going there earlier.
I'd say 3.5 stars actually. We were down here for dinner on xmas day during our trip to NYC. We had a wait of close to 2hours (1hr45mins to be specific). We had the pork&crab xiao long bao, the noodles and some soup. Very good food but I wouldnt say the food was worth the wait, but to be fair it was xmas night when it felt like half of the city had come down to chinatown. They have huge sized tables of 8, so be ready to sit with other parties on the same table.
I finally got to try this place! Got an order of the crabmeat and an order of the pork. Crabmeat for the win! Definitely enjoyed the broth of the crabmeat more, but the pork was good as well. We got here about 10 minutes before they opened on a Sunday so we were lucky to not have to wait in line. They were good but I'm not sure if they were extraordinary like how other people say it is.
We went here 10 minutes before they closed and we're seated and had delicious dumplings and general tsos shortly after. When you walk in you expect to have crappy Chinese food and are ready to feel like a degenerate but then you have the food and everything in life is ok again. The General Tso's chicken and broccoli was absolutely amazing. Very fresh, clean, and not overly fried or breaded. The soup dumplings is where the really party is at where you carefully open the dumpling, drink the soup then chow down of the meat filled dumpling. Highly recommended,  everyone should come here at least once in their life
I have really got to say,  they are the best with their Xiao long bao (steam pork soup bun). Haven't really find a place better then then.  They are good and consistent.  A lot of place they are good for a while then.... our sometime good and sometime bad but Joe shanghai been keeping their pork bun delicious.  Love it.
The food is just okService sucks and the soup dumplings are ok but nearby noodle village is better
-- 61/100 reviews for 2016 -- CASH only and I didn't notice that until we sat down but thankfully the boyfriend always carry cash. Tried coming here on a Thursday night for dinner and was told it would be a 45 minute wait so we left. Decided to come here after walking across the Brooklyn bridge and got seated right away. It was possibly because we came after the lunch rush.The place is small and cramped and there is always wait for this restaurant. I understand the place was small so they would seat different smaller parties together at a round table which I've had no problem with. Food came out quick and staffs were really quick with getting your orders in and out. Dumplings were huge and they come 8 pieces to an order. Presentation wise, it doesn't look that great but it taste pretty good. Except when you make dumplings that huge, the skin tends to read more easily so I've had several dumplings torn before before devoured. The soup in the dumplings comes out piping hot so be careful! I prefer Din Tai Fung better. We got the crab & pork dumplings, the pork dumplings and the sesame cold noodles that weren't cold. We were hoping for a refreshing dish on the humid day but we end up having warm noodles.
Maybe it's because I'm Chinese, but these xlbs are just alright to me. I liked them, but feel like it's a little bit overrated. I came here when it first opened in the morning and was able to get a table quickly. My friend and I ordered 2 orders of the crab and pork dumplings for $8.25 each (first on the menu). We liked them, but we agreed we weren't in love. Overall, good cheap meal, and worth trying!
I never saw the hype over soup dumplings. I've had them back in the DC area and thought it was alright. However, my bf and friends have been telling that I needed to try the soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai when I go to New York.First stop during my trip to NYC was Joe Shanghai. We had a group of 4 girls and were able to get a table within 10-15 minutes (they said wait was going to be 30mins so we stopped by a boba place in the meantime and came back early just in case)! We ordered the crab soup dumplings and the pork and they were OUT OF THIS WORLD!! Oh my gosh, the meat was tender and the "soup" was so flavorful. We had also ordered fried rice and some green beans, but the soup dumplings was the star of the show.Mmm... a definite must try if you're in Chinatown!
Somewhat disappointed by dinner at Joe's. I've been there two or three times now and feel like it is totally overhyped. The actual food is nothing special in the least! It's standard Chinese food...everything is fine but nothing outstanding. Just some regular sesame chicken, lo mein, etc.Really, the only noteworthy thing on the menu is the soup dumplings. You can go with pork or with crab/pork so we had one order of each (8 dumplings to an order). They are delicious. The dumpling dough itself is thin and the soup inside was tasty. Only disappointment was that some of ours had no soup inside!!!!!!!! Not good! For seafood lovers like myself the crab is the way to go. The broth itself really tastes of delicious crab. If you aren't such a shellfish fiend, go with the standard pork.For the amount of time to wait on line and the annoying drunk frat boys who were playing loud drinking games a few tables over (I feel very sorry for the poor people who had to share a table with them), it just wasn't worth it. I've been to some much better restaurants in Chinatown.
Well like they all say, this place is known for their Xiao long bao. We came here during the winter storm Jonas and trecked the windy streets for dinner at this place. This also happened to be one of the only places open during the storm. We were seated promptly, but had to share the table with two other parties. They asked us three times within a span of 7 minutes if we were ready to order. No. I'm not ready to order We ended up ordering two pork and two pork and crab Xiao long bao. We also got chicken pan fried noodles. Everything was delicious, and this was definitely the best soup dumplings I've had. I asked for water three times. I didn't get water during my meal. They kept on pressuring us to see if we were done, even if there was no line waiting to eat.
This place is by far the best restaurant on the eastern seaboard and this side of the Mississippi for soup dumplings.  Joe's Shanghai serves pork and crab soup dumplings only, both are excellent but the pork was definitely dialed in.  We also enjoyed some fried pork dumplings, general TSO's chicken ;) scallion pancakes, and chicken fried rice.   Soup dumplings: the meat is super tender and the soup was delicious and full of flavor.  You cant teach what they do here.The Scallion pancakes were definitely another favorite.  greasy, crispy, and jam packed with flavor. General TSO's chicken was standard but the chicken fried rice blew my mind, cooked/prepared perfectly.  The atmosphere was your standard authentic Chinese restaurant set up with large 10 person tables to share with unknown people.  The walls were lined with pictures of famous people who have visited. When ordering I would recommend order only a few dishes at a time as the space on the table is limited.  Once your first order arrives place a second.  Dont worry about waiting because the food is prepared quickly. This is definitely a must try if you are in Chinatown.
NOT that great .... Service is horrible . Waited over an hour for a table which is fine but the hostess were very very rude and snappy . Shanghai buns were not good at all . Not sure why people rave about this place . Compared to the bao, these buns are not even close to how dumpling soup should taste like . The only good things about the place is the general Tso and the fried rice . Also be prepared to sit with other parties at a table. There are definitely other places better than this restaurant . It wasn't worth the wait and the food was mediocre . If your looking for tasty buns , go to the bao early in the morning !
Terrible food, terrible service, doesn't live up to he's name. There is no reason no come here with so many good restaurants around
Came for the soup noodles and was not disappointed.  I will say, I did not like the ones with the crab, they tasted fishy to me.  Next time, I would only order the ones with pork only.  My husband agreed with me.  We also ordered the Singapore Chow Mei Fun and loved it.  I have not been to the two other locations, but I loved traveling down to Pell St location, it feels like going to a secret hideaway.
Soup dumplings are 5 stars. Tons of very rich pork broth, very thin wrapping, perfect sauce. Other menu items are hit or miss. Their risky  pepper skin duck was amazing.
One of my greatest weaknesses: dumplings. Specifically, soup dumplings. I had my first soup dumpling in Los Angeles at Din Tai Fung, an equally famous establishment on the West coast. Ever since then, I have not been able to shake my craving for the little balls of dough and broth! Will C. and I decided to check out Joe's Shanghai around 2:30pm, thinking that the wait wouldn't be too bad. We were so, so, so wrong. If you're thinking about dining at Joe's Shanghai, just be prepared to wait no matter what time of day it is. There are a couple of spots to grab some bubble tea nearby, which is a great way to keep your mouth/stomach occupied while you endure the painstakingly long wait.  Once inside, you'll notice that about 90% of the seating is communal. You will be sitting next to strangers and it is quite cramped, but keep your eye on the prize. You're there for the soup dumplings! I couldn't help but lol when I opened the menu because it looks like they crudely circled the pork and crab soup dumplings in ballpoint pen to indicate the dish's popularity. The first thing a waiter will ask you the moment you sit down is if you want to start with some dumplings. Your answer should be yes and you should be making multiple orders of the stuff. Between the two of us, Will C. and I ordered three orders of soup dumplings (2 pork, 1 crab). Each order comes with 8 dumplings, so you do the math. Between the pork and the crab dumplings, I preferred the pork dumplings as they were richer and the soup was denser in flavor. That being said, after my fourth or fifth pork dumpling, I felt like the soup was a little too rich and greasy for my taste, but this does not take away from the fact that Joe's has some great dumplings that live up to the hype. Getting good service here is nearly impossible. Because the restaurant is so packed (when I say packed, I mean borderline crazy), you gotta be a little aggressive to catch the attention of a waiter. So yes, dining at Joe's Shanghai requires a lot of patience, but patience yields favorable results...which in this case comes in the form of a piping hot, adorably shaped dumpling.
It was meh. If the line is longer than a 10 minute wait- not worth it. There are other places in the city that are worth going to if you're not a tourist (or an advanced tourist).
This is a mouthgasm waiting to happen!! Warning: there may be a line and the wait is not pretty (like any other popular NYC restaurant). I came in the dead of winter and was forced to wait 45 minutes for a table but lo and behold it was completely worth it! They seat you family style - for those of you who don't know it's usually a large circular table with other patrons. Your food is placed in front of you in a rotating circular section in the center of the table.The soup dumplings are to die for, however for those who don't eat pork be forewarned that none of their soup dumplings are pork free. Also get the salt & pepper shrimp. For how much it costs, they give you quite a bit of shrimp and it is pretty darn authentic. YUMMM!!This is a place you come if you want good (and cheap) food but don't be surprised if the decor isn't stellar or if there is a wait.
Soup dumplings.Go in, get seated, take the menu the hostess gives you, throw it out the window, ignore the shocked looked you'll most likely get, and demand two orders of the soup dumplings aka "xialongbao" aka "XLB." If you're by yourself, yes, consume it all. If you're with a friend, tell them to order their own and proceed to consume it all.If only I lived in NY. Here in MD we have Bob's Shanghai, which is kind of like Joe's Shanghai's third cousin twice removed. Good but not as delicious. Joe's gets the skin just right and the broth in the dumpling is so tasty. Probably some of the best XLB's I've ever had.
Yeap- the Xiaolongbao are as good as it gets. Anywhere. In the whole world.I'd give this place 5-stars but their service is bad even for a Chinese restaurant. And the 15% involuntary gratuity will always earn a star deduction from me. You think it's a coincidence that places with an involuntary "service charge" always have bad service? Que lastima...
Joe's is a place I have been coming to for over ten years. When I go to NYC, I will most likely come here at least once. It is crowded, you will likely have to sit with someone you don't know at the same table but the food is always good and I leave satisfied. I went there with my wife this time and we ordered the crab xialongbao (soupy steamed pork dumplings). They use real crab here as well. We also ordered the cold noodles and sesame sauce and the braised sliced beef dish. Xialongbao are always cooked perfectly and come you the table piping hot. Be careful not to puncture the shell of the dumpling before it gets into your mouth. I recommend you use the metal tongs to grab the top of each dumpling and place it in the plastic deep-welled soup spoon provided to you. If you are good with chopsticks, then use the chopsticks in lieu of the tongs. Then insert the whole thing in your pie hole. The pro is you get the warm soup inside the filling while you eat the entire dumpling. The con is you may burn yourself. I take the burn risk because these just are not as good unless they are hot. The filling here is pork, crab, a hint of ginger and probably some scallions mixed in. Amazing flavor and you can't eat just one or maybe five. The cold sesame noodles are pretty self explanatory. A simple but flavorful dish that is made of a peanut butter base (I believe) with sesame oil, and I think some vinegar. I didn't spend too much time dissecting the sauce base. All I know is it was really good. Noodles are not really cold, but room temperature. Mix the sauce with the noodles and your are good to go.Enjoy the noodle dish by itself or you can add some slices of the cold braised beef and you have . . . noodles and beef. Very creative I know. The beef is roasted and seasoned with soy and other sauces. Served basically room temp as well in thin slices. Although you can see some tendon strips through each slice, they are tender and delicious. The noodle and beef dishes really remind me of what my Mom used to make when I was younger. Pretty authentic. Really good and reasonably priced. It's a winning combination.
The food isn't bad but I think this place could be better, considering what you pay for it. I grew up around traditional and Americanized Chinese food, and I just do not think this compares (minus the Xiao Long Bao). Back in 2011-13, this place was amazing however recent visits have proved otherwise. I also think the service is awful. My best friend is white and I look ambiguous, although I'm half Chinese and half White. Anyways, they treated us terribly until I started speaking Cantonese to them. After that I think they realized I deserved a little more respect. I'm not surprised at this, honestly, it's a cultural thing but I just thought this place would have been a little more Americanized when it comes to customer service. Some things never change. I would much rather go to a hole-in-the-wall place and receive better service along with better food.
The dumplings were good. I tried the crab ones. There was an abundance of soup in them compared to other places I've eaten at! We also got some sort of stir fried noodle dish that was pretty tasty, as well. However, I felt uneasy at this place due to the aesthetics and scent it was giving off. We were seated next to their recycle containers and for the duration of my meal, I couldn't really enjoy my food because there was a strong sour odor I couldn't ignore coming from them. The employees also kept coming in & out of this closet behind them and had to remove the recycle bins back and forth to open the door to get into this closet. At one point, one moved the bin too far out and it brushed up on my arm and it really grossed me out!Sorry I can't overlook this one and regardless how good the dumplings were, I can't shake this one off.
Used to be great soup dumplings and I've been coming here for years.  Not so much now.  Lard pours out of the dumpling when opened and they just aren't as good any more.On my last visit yesterday they're charging a "15% service fee" that's put in there before taxes.  I declined paying that on my LAST VISIT.
Amazing soup dumplings! Always go for the one with crab roe~ must visit each time I'm in nyc! The dumpling skin is thin, first u take a small bite, then drink the soup, then eat the dumpling with the sauce (vinegar+ginger)...sooooo good~
I came here on a Thursday night for a family dinner - we had 8 people and were seated fairly quickly (which was basically the ONLY saving grace of the night.) 1- Because the tables are set for 10, they forced us to share a table with an unfortunate duo AFTER we were seated (so we were not given the option to change our minds and go elsewhere because we were already seated.) It was unfortunate for the couple on a date, having to share with all of us. 2- because the table was set up with a lazy susan, the duo was forced to crowd all their dishes in the little space on the table between them because otherwise their food would be mixed in with ours. 3- the food came quickly but all the stirfried dishes looked and tasted the same - and were essentially thrown on the table rather than placed down and explained. 4- the staff was brusque and rushed, shoving in between us to place dishes without warning. 5- the space was so loud, it was impossible to hear across the table. this was not helped by the staff shouting loudly across the room. 6- they skimped on the lettuce layer underneath the soup dumplings, meaning EVERY SINGLE DUMPLING busted open when picked up. we couldn't get out of there fast enough and we're definitely never coming back. There are better alternatives in the area - Joe's Ginger up the street and Shanghai Manor on Mott street.
dont order anything but the Shanghai dumplings, with crab or shrimp or pork, they are all very good. Service & ambience sucks though, so you have to close an eye and just enjoy those freaking dumplings!!
Soup dumplings galore! Can not get better than this. Also we had the sesame chicken and Singapore thick noodles. Couldn't finish it all but always come to joe's for our Chinatown fix when we are in NYC.
Great Chinese food. General tsos beats their Seaseme chicken. And their pork dumplings have a seasoning I don't love but over all above average Chinese food.
Soup dumplings heaven! Crab and pork dumpling combo is the best. We were lucky to get a table for two. Last time I had to share a table with another party. BUT it didn't matter - good food is what matters in life!
My standards for xiao long bao (soup dumplings) are pretty high because they're the best at Din Tai Fung in Taiwan. They're really good here, but the meat could have more crab. There's a LOT of soup in the dumplings though, so that's great. They push a bed of steamed napa cabbage under the soup dumplings, and it catches any soup that oozes out. Really tasty! The skin is really chewy as well, and it's all-in-all a great place for soup dumplings. We also ordered the Shanghai noodles, which were quite tasty too. The noodles were really chewy and tasty, and the flavor was great. Three of us got two orders of the soup dumplings (8 in each order) and a plate of the noodles, and it came out to only be $26 post-tax! Very cheap, very good. Would recommend!
4.5 stars if I could. This location is way better than the one in flushing. I always get their pork soup dumplings along with their scallion pancakes. I literally travel from flushing to chinatown just for this place. Since the one in flushing wasn't that good (the scallion pancake was so dry) The only thing I don't like is that you have to combine tables with others.
This place is always occupied with Long line of wait and you can see many people waiting outside. Eating environment is not ideal because you are always sharing table with other strangers. You probably draw more attention to other people's food than your own. Their Xiao Long Bao is huge compared to other restaurants. The skin is ok thin so you feel the delicacy of Xiao Long Bao. But the folds of the skin are not as precise as ding tai Fung. The meat and soup inside the buns are flavourful and I think it's better than ding tai Fung. So overall Xiao Long Bao quality is good. The stir fried green bean dish was too oily. I wouldn't recommend to order.
Mehhh..... I have had really good XLB in Hong Kong and from Din Tai Fung in LA. I came here expecting XLB's similar to one's they serve at Din Tai Fung. If you are also expecting the same caliber let me lead you in the right direction and tell you to  look elsewhere because this place is not that. Get a ticket and wait until they call your number. The wait for two was closer to 45 minutes even though we were told 20 minutes at the door. If you don't like eating with strangers next to you then this place won't be for you either. There are only 4-5 large tables at this restaurant and everyone is jammed packed like sardines at each table. The service here takes Asian service to a whole new level; they are unbelievably bad. My girlfriend and I ordered 3 orders of XLB (two pork and 1 crab each coming with 8 soup dumplings). With communal dining it will be hard to fit your 3 orders of soup dumplings near you since the table is pretty cramped. Now the wait for the food was not bad, it took 10 ish minutes to come out. The soup dumplings were decently sized but extremely greasy. I wish I had taken a picture of my plate after I was finish eating. It got to the point where my lip was starting to get a shiny gloss from the grease. Now let's get back to the service. Service here is absolutely the worst. I was seated next to three white customers and the waiters pretty much ignored them. One of the ladies ordered a vegetable fried rice and another one ordered normal fried rice; when it came out both fried rices looked exactly similar there were no vegetables on it so she called over a water. The waiter just insisted it was vegetable fried rice which I find hard to believe. BTW the service charge (tip) is included in your bill already so make sure you don't overpay. Obviously they know their service is real crappy hence why they automatically charge you. Not only that the restaurant just feels grimy and disgusting. I would not recommend Joe's Shanghai to anyone. Let me be frank with you, soup dumplings are not supposed to be that greasy.
Not only the best dim sum and Chinese food I have had in NYC but anywhere. The crab meat and pork meat steamed buns and the Shanghai chives and shrimp w meat wonton in broth were AMAZING. My wife is a fried rice connoisseur and she loved the fresh made fried rice. Only warning would be the family style seating, but we thought it made it more fun. Thanks Joe's!!!
I remember the days when Joe Shanghai was thee place to get your soup dumpling fix.  But somehow this place became more and more tailored to tourists and quality plummeted (probably to keep up with the demand). Plus I don't like waiting over an hour just to get seated.  I prefer Kung Fu Xiao long bao or Nan Xian in Flushing for that soup dumpling fix now.
Oh my god, seriously? Who said this is one of the best Chinese restaurant in NYC? He must never have real Chinese food. All dishes we got are awful. First time eating here, and last time too.
I've been to both locations one in China town and one in midtown. Great food here. The dim sum is really good. I recommend ordering the fried shrimp and the generals tso chicken. You won't be disappointed.
The dumplings were absolutely delicious! We had the pork ones and decided next time we drop in we'll likely get 2 or 3 orders of pork and shrimp and call it a day. We also had the Kung Pao chicken and fried noodles, but they were just ok. The dumplings definitely made up for it. The wait wasn't too long on a Saturday, we waited about 20 minutes.   The one thing to note is that only cash is accepted, the closest banks I saw were a Citi and Chase just around the corner.
Great service...good food...hoppin' spot on. a Wednesday night...ordered the spicy calamari with jalapeños, pork buns, spring roll, scallion pancake, and mixed vegetables...all were tasty...we received our appetizers and entrees fast and the staff quickly cleared away our plates when we were done with them and replenished our water....they even charged my cell phone as we ate our meal
Xiao long bao (soup dumplings) - BOMB! Sooo extremely juicy!! Yes, quite possibly the best xiao long bao I've ever had so I'm very happy to have eaten here.Shanghai noodles - This was also extremely delicious. Fat, oily, flavorful noodles that tasted like crackThe only negative is that because this restaurant is so popular and it's not the biggest restaurant, you're going to have to share a table with several other parties if you aren't in a big party yourself. It's typically 8 to a table, so you can imagine how many different parties can share one table. However, this can be a positive if you don't mind sharing a table and can use it to meet other people. My friend actually met a cute guy this way soo... can't be too bad ;)
CASH ONLYI'm prepared to get some opposition on this, but let me just go ahead and say that this place is over-hyped. Don't get me wrong, their xiao long bao are delicious, but I wouldn't go far as to say that they're sublime. It's definitely more of a tourist attraction to eat here-- you can definitely find better XLB elsewhere in one of the other many restaurant in Chinatown. Though I must say, their crab XLB is one of the most delicious I've had. However, their pork XLB is nothing too special. And because this place generates so much foot traffic, you may end up sitting communal style at a round table with strangers. Service is at times frantic since there are so many customers. And just because you're all sitting together it doesn't mean you order at the same time so at times there can be confusion/mix-ups in the orders and it can be somewhat overwhelming. Overall, their XLB has a great balance of flavor, texture, and broth-to-meat ratio. As for their other dishes, I wouldn't know. I come strictly for the soup dumps. Prices are cheap and the place is just eat and go. There is almost always a long line, so if you can avoid it, do so.
I'll just say it upfront: Din Tai Fung (DTF) is wayyyy better for soup dumplings. Just know that it's cash only and if you come during normal eating hours, you'll be waiting about 20min. We came with a group of 4 on a Saturday night and ended up sharing a table with another group. Not a big deal, but it's definitely not the most beautiful and extravagant dining experience. We did come on a Sunday night around 9-930pm and it was pretty cleared out, so didn't have to wait too long. Of course get the soup dumplings! There are two kinds, pork and seafood. Both are pretty good. The other assortments of Chinese food are pretty standard in terms of quality and taste. Service is very quick. Definitely one of the better dumpling places in the area but it is NOT DTF level.
Absolutely love their crab meat soup dumplings. Each individual dumpling is bursting with fresh flavor and soup. It comes to the table fresh and hot. I would say the service is considered fast especially in an extremely crowded and popular restaurant like this one. The wait is always about 20 - 45 minutes maximum on a busy afternoon on the weekend. It's worth the wait. They do takeout if you can't or don't want to wait to be seated.
The first went to here is Christmas break on 2013 when I was in college. This year I moved to New York, and came back again. The scallions cake is still taste good like old shanghai. The steamed buns is good.
This place is always crowded, so prepare for a wait. Don't be surprised if you have to share tables. We were a party of 4 and were placed on a large table with 2 other parties. The staff had to make do with the space they have, which isn't much. Even though we have to share tables, they got our orders right. The soup dumplings were piping hot and so tasty. Nothing better to have on a chilly night.
Xiao-long-bao 小籠包 in Chinatown NY!! Easy to find this place, many people were waiting outside. Since we are party of 3, OMG!!! Sooo hard to get seated... How many times they skipped our number 25!!Finally we got called after about an hour waited...Crab meat Xiao-long-bao $8.25Pork Xiao-long-bao $6.25Super hot and Yummy!!!
Joe's Shanghai is more known for their soup dumplings (listed under their appetizers section) than any other food item on their menu.To be honest, it tasted okay. My friends and I ordered the crab and pork one and the pork one was definitely more tasty than the crab. I think its because of the skin for the dumplings that made it taste different. other than that, just be prepared to sit with strangers and share a table with them as well. there's usually a long wait for this restaurant and this restaurant is CASH only.
First off this place only accepts cash. Also a 15% service charge was added to the bill and I was dining by myself. I am shocked at the reviews for this place. I should have known what I was in for when I walk in and noticed that only 8% of the patrons were Asian. In a place like Chinatown, follow the Asians for the best authentic place to eat. Ordered the soup dumplings since so many people raved about it. I thought the outer dumpling skin was thick and you had to chew at it to break through. However the soup and meat inside did have a nice flavor. I also ordered the Shanghai Noodle Soup with flat noodles. I am sure this is a regional dish but it looked like beef Lo Mein. The soup looked like a gravy abut it was oily and it should have been more flavorful. The shredded cabbage and spinach was fine but I was disappointed. If in Chinatown for the day go somewhere else and enjoy a more authentic meal.
I came here for dinner on a Saturday night.  Prepare for a long wait since it's super crowded here after work or weekends.  They will give you a number and call it out frequently just to make sure you're still around.  We waited almost 45 minutes for a table.  When you're seated, make sure to order xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) as soon as possible since it does take some time to make.  I do like their crab/pork and pork soup dumplings since they're big, have a lot of meat/soup in each one, and the soup is very tasty.  Everything else is not very memorable - ordered the flounder, braised string beans, pan fried noodles, pork chops, and scallion pancakes.  I feel like I could better Chinese food elsewhere but the soup dumplings are pretty good.  However, I don't know if they're worth the long wait though.
I've been wanting to try soup dumplings for a long time so it was awesome to finally get some at Joe's Shanghai! The restaurant in China Town is surrounded by a ton of other hole in the wall restaurants that all appear to be the same, but Joe's was the only restaurant with a long wait, which was a good sign. I was seated at a round table that another family was already seated at, which was a bit odd/awkward. I enjoyed the fresh tea kettle that was set on the table when we sat down. We started with an order of pork soup dumplings, which were rich in pork flavor and very filling. I tremendously enjoyed them, but we also got Shanghai Noodles that we're a bit bland and soaked in oil. The noodles would benefit from some teriyaki and spice. 10/10 recommend visiting just to try soup dumplings!
We're changing the review. Went over to check it out 10 months later and they now have an "A" sanitation rating. We tried to get in for lunch but it was very busy.  At 2:30 in the afternoon, the place was packed. My only complaint is the way they sit people, we had a group of five, and we couldn't get a table because they kept filling up the tables with groups of one or two as they walked in the door. After about 20 minutes of just waiting, it gets old watching all the people walk in and sit in front of you, but we understand it's New York and they need a quick turnaround.We're looking forward to eating here again and giving them a better score when we can actually get in to try the food.
My friend was raving about their pork soup dumplings, so we came by for those. They were absolutely fantastic! By far, the best soup dumplings I have had so far. $7 gets you 8 hot, delicious soup dumplings. You'll be craving soup dumplings the next day, and the day after that. Joe's Shanghai starts to get busy even when they have just opened for the day. Seating here is efficient, they fill their tables by pairing you with other groups, which is a pretty neat concept. I'll be returning soon for those soup dumplings!!
Came here for the xiao long bao (soup dumplings) the dim sum is alright. Nothing special to be honest. The stars here are the dumplings. I would recommend coming and placing a few orders of these soupy dumplings until your heart's content! The restaurant is smack dab in the middle of Chinatown in Manhattan! We went on a weekday and was surprised to not see a line outside. We were the first ones in the restaurant, but within a few minutes the restaurant was filled with customers. The servers knew right away what we came here for since they brought over a pot of tea and dumpling sauce before we even placed our order. I thought this was hilarious but I appreciate the fact that they know who their customers are!
There is ALWAYS a line out the door.  I went on a Sunday at noon and luckily I was seated right away. REASONS YOU MAY NOT LIKE THIS PLACE:If you are in a rush, don't like crowded spaces or sharing tables, then you probably won't like this place.  It is a communal setting so we were seated with 2 other couples at a round table but everyone is busy slurping the soup dumplings so you prob won't notice  anyway.The food is great (and you WILL be full) and it's so cheap for the city ($36 for 3 dishes including tip) so this balances out all the bad stuff The soup dumplings are made fresh and are good, but if only going for these, there are other places in Chinatown that serve pork soup dumplings.  (example: shanghai cuisine on Mott St) RECOMMENDATIONS:1) soup dumplings 2) chefs special: shredded spicy beef if you like spice3) the cabbage wonton soup if you wanna opt for a soup (+add white pepper)4) bring cash 5) 15% tip is included in the bill but I gave a few extra dollars
Love love love this place. Just be aware you might have to sit with random people at a table. Very cheap and delicious chinese food.
The soup dumplings really do live up to the hype. We got both the pork and the seafood ones; I liked the pork better but they were both great. You have to be very careful when picking up a dumpling though because a few broke open when we tried picking them up with the tongs. Also, the soup dumplings were actually listed as "buns" on the appetizer part of the menu and not as "soup dumplings," FYI. I also ordered the spring roll, which tasted great, but the portion was so tiny, it's not worth it.This place is cash only!
Craving for some Shanghaiese foods? This place might do it for you if you don't know much about authentic Shanghaiese foods. I'm 100% Shanghaiese so I know what and how it should be. Their xiao long bao is way too big! It is juicy indeed, but the flavor is totally off. All the other dishes are mediocre. I'm not saying I've tried all of it but giving this restaurant 3 shots is more than enough to know this is not authentic at all. Is it good? Yes. Is it authentic? No. They get really busy here so try not to come during peak hours as you'll be waiting forever. Get ready to share tables with strangers as the restaurant itself isn't too big. It is totally about the hype. Come and try it so you'll be able to tell everyone you've tried it.
Joe's Shanghai ruined soup dumplings for me. I'm never gonna be satisfied with Din Tai Fung now. Great.Couple of things to remember before eating here: bring cash and go during an off hour. It's a small place so if you come during lunch, expect a giant crowd of people waiting and expect to share your table with others. Lucky for us we were seated at out own table (next to an outlet! thank god, my phone was dying!!).I remember the soup dumplings and fried rice the most. The broth is much heartier than DTF's (it's probably the MSG, but I'm not complaining!) The portions are fairly large!I looking forward to trying other dishes next time I'm in NYC.
I think I've had some pretty good XLB in my life, but nothing was as good as joes crab and pork XLB. My bf and I were making our way through all the popular dining spots in NYC, and we stopped by there for a mid afternoon "snack". First, the size of the dumplings are ridiculously big. Second, the juice inside was so flavorful. Next time I'm in NYC, I'll be coming here for XLB and other things!
(in my best Seinfeld voice) No soup for you! Review just for the soup dumplings. Missing my chance on my last NY trip, I made sure to save room for their famous xiao long bao (soup dumplings) or what they call "buns" on the appetizer menu. Xiao long bao are basically dumplings that have soup inside. An order of Xiao long bao: 8 big dumplings, comes in crab or pork 3 locations: 2 in Manhattan and 1 in QueensService: super quick and attentive - great operation getting people in and out. 15% automatic gratuity added to your bill. I was seated immediately on a Thursday evening. Crab dumplings: the soup is more of a gravy consistency. I didn't feel like there was enough of the soup. The dumplings are very large compared to din tai fung (a famous international xiaolongbao chain). I managed to finish one order by myself but I was kind of pushing it. The filling was alright, nothing too amazing.What I loved: the vinegar soy sauce that came with itBottom line: compared to what I've had at din Tai fung (West Coast), it's kind of lacking and overhyped. But I will be back to try the pork dumplings.
I had meals at this restaurant's Chinatown and Mid Town places.  Xiao Long Bao was average at Mid Town but was 1 star at Chinatown.  The ones at Chinatown were discolored and looked like the basket was waiting for order for over 30 minutes.Shanghai Fried Noodle was sufficient taste but greasy.Radish Pastry 蘿蔔絲酥 was completely tasteless.  Very bland with no taste of radish or much else.I think this restaurant is overhyped by reviewers who are not knowledgeable of Shanghai cuisine.  Both restaurants had almost no locals dining.
Going to Joe's Shanghai and not getting the XLB would be like going to Dominique Ansel and not taking any pics of your food. Like, what are you doing with your life if you don't?The decision to get XLB was the easy part. Deciding exactly when to get here required extensive research: studying the documents, interviewing so-called Yelp Elites, analyzing Google data, and even wiretapping Joe's phone.Things don't always go according to plan though, so we didn't make it to Joe's til around 5:30 on a Saturday night. We still only had to wait about 10 mins to be seated. So, more FAKE NEWS from those that said to avoid Joe's on the weekend and/or at night due to long waits.After being shown to a banquet-like round table shared communal style, we ordered these 3 sizzling sensations:SOUP DUMPLINGS/XIAO LONG BAO (XLB): I may be a minority here (literally, ethnically, and figuratively), but I felt these largely lived up to the hype. Piping hot soup bursts into your mouth instantly upon biting into these, so if you wanna avoid getting burned, swallowing right away may work if you're DTF (down to finish) quickly without savoring the taste. For those that wanna take their time and do it right, there's like a 5 step process laid out on their website.SPICY SZECHUAN STYLE SLICED BEEF: since we had pork and crab above, the need to balance it out with some beef was a given. This dish had a solid meat ratio, a nice amount of spice to it, and goes well over steamed rice. Lucky pick since I didn't read any reviews on it beforehand.SINGAPORE CHOW MEI FUN NOODLES: a large portion. Not bad, but it wasn't that fun as the texture of the noodles didn't do anything for me. If you wanna know how I really feel about this, read into the fact that I didn't even bother to take a pic.But that's ok, because we primarily came here to take pics of the XLB. Or eat them, whatever.
Extremely busy here! If you're in a group of 3 and less you are most likely going to be sat at a big table with random strangers. You do get your own pot of tea so you won't be needing to reach over for someone else's pot. Anyways, everyone usually minds their own business so that's a plus.I never pick a favorite place for soup dumplings. Honestly, they all taste delicious to me lol. I got the scallion pancakes here (I don't recommend it's very oily and thick!) I like my scallion pancakes flatter and crisp. We also got crabmeat and pork soup dumplings. I didn't like that crabmeat much, but the pork dumplings are always my go-to! Tip on how to eat your dumpling. 1. Grab dumpling with metal clasp and put on top spoon making sure you don't pop the dumpling so that the soup doesn't spill everywhere. 2. Bite open the top 3. Pour in red vinegar sauce 4. Slurp the soup (but not all of it!) 5. And put whole dumpling in mouth or bite it little by little. That's my way of doing it, but you can figure out what works best for you!
The hype is real, darlings, Joe's Shanghai has the best XLB in town. I went right at 11, thinking I'd have to wait a bit... as it turns out, I was overeager and the first one there. For about five minutes. And then came the crowds. Turns out, I'm smarter than the average bear (sometimes).These XLB are no one-bite wonder either, at least not for this Yelper. It was a struggle to get the whole delicious soupy bite with destroying it completely. One order was sufficient for a meal, too. But did that stop me from ordering the scallion pancakes as well? Nope. Am so glad that I did. The pancakes themselves were good, not great, but the sauce it came with? Brought the pancakes to a whole new level. I'm told it's a house-made "dumpling" sauce (and not for sale, asked that too, because I was ready to buy a case). I was out of there by 11:40, and good thing too, it was starting to get really busy. CASH ONLY. You've been warned.
Ho Lee Phuc, I love this place. My second time here was no different from the first. I can eat the Xiao long bao all day here. That's all I want, and all I get. It's tight here so come early if possible, never seem it less than packed.
I've been here so many times and would take friends here all the time. The wait times aren't as bad when you go during off-times. However, this place has gotten so much busier than before. We waited 45 min at 3pm for 3 people. Go in small groups to get seated faster. They now also add the gratuity to the bill that they didn't do before. Still pretty cheap for some good soup dumplings. Other stuff on the menu are really good as well! I would recommend scallion pancakes and turnip cakes if you want to try something different!
We went to this Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown based on high rating hype. The restaurant's on a side street was not exacting easy to find using the online navigation provided. It was busy around late lunch time but there was no wait. We could tell all customers were out of town tourists. Belatedly we found out they do not accept credit card so our menu selections were limited. We chose Xiao Long Bao soup dumplings, aka Pork Steamed Buns (the main motivation of our visit) and String Bean, a typical Szechuan style vegetable dish.  We found the steamed dumplings larger in size than the usual, dainty ones we had tasted elsewhere. After eating 2 orders of these, we concluded that they were excessively soupy (watch out for plenty hot liquid squirting out at first bite) and doughy. The string beans were average. Watch out: we noted they automatically added a 15% service charge on the bill (for a party of 2) which seemed unusual to us.
Excellent food in this tiny little hot spot. Apparently this is the go to spot for soup dumplings for all the celebrities so when I went to visit New York, I had to check it out. We ordered some pork soup dumplings and crab soup dumplings, as well as some scallion pancakes and cold fish and cold jellyfish. The soup dumplings were really good but I would recommend that you order multiple orders separately. We ordered two of each kind and when we started on the second batch, the 'soup' on the inside of the dumplings was soaked up in the near already. The scallion pancakes were good but weren't anything special. The cold fish had an extra fishy taste and smell (no thanks!) and the jellyfish was good. Overall a good experience but maybe not worth the wait (this place gets packed every night and there's almost always a wait). There are plenty of other places in Chinatown with good soup dumplings!
Came here just for the soup dumplings. I'm not a soup dumpling expert but these were delicious. Make sure you know how to eat them properly before you try them!
Bad Service and not honest about waiting time. We were told 20-30 minute wait and ended up waiting an hour and a half and counting. Asked them several times and kept telling us 20-30 minutes even after the time was up. They lied about the wait time and we ended up giving up and leaving.
I just died and went to xiao long bao heaven. One can never eat here and not try the soup dumpling--both pork and crab plus pork! I can sit and finish two servings under 15 minutes. Beware: portions of almost everything in the menu are good for at least two people. So you better be hungry and ready when you feel like dining in here. Cash only, can stay long or servers give you "the look", you get to share a table with strangers (which i always find awkwardly exciting).
waited 45 minutes in the cold to get in. but it was so very worth it, first time having soup dumplings and why in the world did it take me so long? yummy scallion pancakes and my favorite beef udon noodles. and the best part of it all, it was crazy cheap. when are we going back?
I've  avoided this place for the past couple of years because I thought it was a tourist trap. Finally came here today and it wasn't that bad and no lines. The soup dumplings are pretty good. What I like best about them is that they have more meat compared to the other soup dumplings I've had in china town.
5 stars given to the best xiao long bao/ soup dumplings! Get one for yourself (you won't want to share:) all the other foods were good too, but the soup dumplings are definitely the star of the show
I've never had soup dumplings like the ones they serve here before. There was so much soup! The dumplings skin were not too too, not too thin. But I think they were thin enough for you to see the soup inside but yet did not break when you go to pick one up with the tongs provided. They have two types of soup dumplings crab and pork. I've never had crab dumplings before so I thought that was a very interesting meat to use. The soup from the dumplings definitely tasted like crab. I couldn't really taste the crab in the actual meat (although my friend did) but I was okay with that because the flavor came through in the soup. I also tried the snow pea leaves. Delish! It was cooked very simply with just some oil and garlic. The rice cakes were good too. The rice cakes were not over cooked and it was not too greasy. The ratio of vegetable, meat, and rice cake was perfect. I'd definitely order everything I tried again and this is definitely on my list of places to go the next time I'm in New York.
Just as Yelp and Food Network raved, it was delicious!!They do not accept reservations (prepare to wait) and CASH only.No joke, their dumplings are the best we have ever had.  Be prepared to get burned when the squirt of soup from the dumplings land on your tongue!  It was so good.  Although, I prefer the Pork dumplings over the Pork and Crab dumplings.This was worth the trip to China Town!
Their soup dumplings are incredible!!! Their service is terrible! Still worth the trip if your going for just the food and not the ambiance.
Not so much. Been here 3,4-5 times. WHY?Not so much. Too many other FANTASTIC choices. You just can't rest on your laurels and depend on your previous success in this biz. Thumbs DOWN.
One of the best soup dumplings you will eat on the east coast!!! It's always a fun and delicious experience when you come to joe's. First, you have to go inside and tell the person with the clipboard how many people are in your party, and grab a ticket that has your number on it. Then you wait outside for your number to be called. Be aware that waits can be extremely long especially for a big party at peak time! Then you go inside, and if you have a small group, you will most likely sit with random people, which makes things fun and interesting! I always order the scallion pancakes and pork soup dumplings. They are legit so amazing, I don't even bother to get anything else on the menu.
Before I do my usual blathering, let me just say that the soup in these soup dumplings is THE BEST I have ever had, hands down. This made it all the more devastating when my second dumpling promptly spilled its treasure into not-my-mouth. (I won't confirm or deny that there were tears.) (ALSO they're CASH-ONLY, don't say I didn't warn you.)The two of us showed up at the famous Joe's Shanghai around 8/8:30pm on Sunday evening, having worked up a pretty huge appetite. We were given a number and told we could expect to wait about 20 minutes, but 5 minutes later, we were being ushered in by our host without having needed our tickets. We sat down at a table with 3 other parties of 2 (so a table for 8, for those of us who are here to read about food and not to do math). Immediately after sitting down, we were asked if we wanted XLB. While my boyfriend was a little bit taken aback by this, having barely looked at the menu himself, I really appreciated this because I know that freshly-made XLB take a while to prepare and I wanted to eat them ASAP. I only hesitated when thinking if I should order 1 or 2 orders of the pork+crab XLB. (8 for $8.25 -- honestly a better deal than I was expecting) SO YUM YUM IN MY TUM TUM you guys. My boyfriend was a bit sad that the skin of the dumplings didn't hold up that well (aka the soup spilled and we cried, I mean, thought about crying but did not do it) but I didn't think it was a big deal at all.I think we were only slightly miffed that we also ordered a vegetable dish (we had been eating really unhealthily up until then...) and it came out a decent bit after our XLB arrived. We were hoping to nosh on veggies before eating our XLB because we wanted to eat more afterwards... and so we settled on just one order of that delicious soupy goodness. Service was brisk but fast. You're not here for individualized attention, folks. You're here for delicious food. Even our simple veggie dish was soooooooooo tasty. Plus, the servers aren't even rude, they're just trying to get as much food to as many people as possible. I thought about that while staring at their wall of celeb photos, one of my favorite things to do while eating in New York.Worth the hype. Go. Rejoice.
Best soup dumpling ( Shao Long Poo)  shop in the NYC. Don't expect other food here as others are not that good comparing soup dumpling. But I came back this restaurant many times and I will.
I am only giving 2-stars because the food was decent, by the way this is not a full dim sum restaurant, they do not have cha siu bao- only a few dim sum items with the rest of the menu American Chinese.We arrived at 1 PM and I put my name in for 6 people. After receiving a text 2 minutes later that there will be 2 more of us joining, I went up to the hostess and explained that we are now a party of 8 and she circled our reservation on her clipboard, which I figured was her way of noting this change.After the 30+ minute wait for our table (which is fine) we are then brought to a table that only seated 6, and told we could not add chairs and would have to wait 10-15 more minutes for a larger table, and I was told I was wrong and told her 6. After mentioning she even circled our reservation she denied it and then walked away. I would say you get better service at a McDonalds's connected to a truck stop but I think that would be degrading to the McDonald's.After being seated, the waiter barked "Appetizers and only took appetizer orders then disappeared and continued this with each course. I understand they are a very busy place but if you have to implement a mandatory 15% gratuity to every check, that shows how POOR your service is.Very nasty hostess & rude staff.Chinatown offers HUNDREDS of other places you can dine that are not TOURIST TRAPS. We got beers while we were waiting across the street and they had a very similar menu, sweet staff and took credit cards. In a city full of amazing restaurants, don't follow the crowds, you can find equally amazing places without all the overinflated reviews and write-ups.
Super crowded, massive lines, curt service staff are downsides. But, the food is good and pretty cheap. The portions are big for noodle bowls and other non-appetizer things, so I'm very satisfied with. However, plenty of other places can be found in chinatown that are smaller and equally yummy! That may have an equal lack of service, but are at least a bit less crowded and are in fact even cheaper. ALSO this isn't actually a dim sum place, I hate that I was tricked by yelp the first time I went here. They don't consider themselves a dim sum place either. There are appetizers but there aren't that many options - not great especially if you want to be adventurous.
Dinkier location but it doesn't matter. The Xiao long bao are great and I always get them. Other good options are any seafood dishes, and some of the noodle dishes as well.
Food: 6/10. The food is definetly not bad tasting but nothing too special also. Environment 5/10: The place is obviously small just by judging from the outside. Just hate that fact that they sit you with other strangers in this round table if u come in with 2 people or just yourself. So get read for awkward conversations. Service: 6/10: The servers are definetly very attentive and they check up on you every now and then. They should give the option where customer's should sit though. Tip: I know this place gets busy at certain times specially night and weekends. But if you are very hungry and see a long line outside the restaurant, just come up with a different plan. You are not missing anything.
Finally checked this place out after my dog park friend has been raving about it for months, and I am so happy I did!!  I ordered the pork soup dumplings, which you have to order if you eat pork and come here. The order comes with 8 dumplings. This was my first soup dumpling experience, so I don't have a quality reference point, but, to me, they were DELICIOUS, and I'm not the biggest fan of Chinese food. The couple we sat with also ordered a spicy chicken dish (~16 dollars for the dish, but it was a PLATTER...like good for 4+ people), and it was so good. The 5 star rating is given for more than the delicious dumplings- the whole experience of Joe's was really fun. The seating is all communal (most people chat with whomever they are sitting with). It gets pretty chaotic with waiters running around taking orders, and bringing the soup dumplings to the table, and people trying to figure out how to eat the dumplings (no instruction given), but everyone throughout the restaurant is laughing. There is a real sense of unity. It isn't well decorated and/or romantic, and the servers are sort of blunt, but I think it would be a really fun place for a date. Note: CASH ONLY! They include tip/tax in your bill (so 2 orders of soup dumplings came out to ~16 dollars). The lines can get crazy here on the weekend/later at night. I came here at 4PM on a random staycation day I took off from work, and there was no line, and I hear there is no wait around 530PM or so. However, anytime my friend has gone after 7PM (including 10PM) the wait has typically been an hour.
Soup Dumplings are great but their service leaves a lot to be desired. Been a fan for about 5 years however I was very disappointed on my last trip when I saw their C grading. For a place that stays constantly busy and makes money they should really have their health inspection as one of their priorities. Having worked in a restaurant I know that there can be a range of things that can get you from an A to a B, such as leaving an ice scoop in the ice maker or leaving boxes of products on the floor instead of on a shelf. However it looks like their offenses were much greater than that such as roaches and vermin prone environments. There are certain things I can look past however for now Joe's won't be getting my business until they think about practicing safe food handling as much as getting my money. A quick Google search will give you the information you need, Joe's Shanghai health inspection grade C report results.
Xiao Long Bao (pork and crab dumplings) are absolutely the best here! We went here two days ago, Labor Day and holiday as it is, the place is packed! Our wait time was 20-30 mins which is totally understandable considering if you want some real good food on a holiday!! We also had calamari which to me tasted too salty but with lime, you should be fine I guess. Staff is helpful and friendly. Will defintely bring more friends next time!
The shao long baos (soupy buns) are the best here.  Be careful, soup inside buns is VERY HOT.  The other kitchen dishes are overly oily, I always feel heavy and gross after eating the noodles or other dishes. They pack you in like sardines and rush you out, kinda dingy too but must try the shao long baos with crab!
The line was extremely long which made my anticipation grow! I had high expectations with all the reviews. I was looking forward to a nice Chinese dinner. The dumplings were definitely the highlight of my meal. The beef udon was okay. The eggplant was too sweet and the spicy Szechuan beef was not good. I wouldn't order those again nor recommend it. If your in the area and there isn't a wait get dumplings but I wouldn't go out of my way for it. It is not comparable to Din Tai Fung if your from the west coast.
Wonderful food and experience. Line was out the door on a cold Saturday afternoon for lunch, but the 30 minute wait was worth it. They use every inch of the place, no space wasted. We were sat at a round 6 top with 2 other couples, even so we still felt like we had our own space to enjoy our time together. Our waiter was very attentive and helpful, teaching us the right way to eat the crab and pork bun, so delicious. Cash only and tip included in price, although only 15%.
We came for the soup dumplings and were not disappointed! I didn't know what to expect and was a little worried about the wait time when I saw the large crowd waiting as you first walk in. They only have large round tables - seat about 10 people each - at which you are seated according to available space. We were seated immediately which was great. However, you end up staring across the table at strangers. The food was good - kept to the basics. I enjoyed the beef and broccoli and the pork soup dumplings. The sesame chicken was ok.
Great xiaolongbao and dampling.If you're tired of having American food,Go there and live your american life.Here absolutely won't regret you.
Over 5 years of visiting this place and it is consistent and delicious every time. Yes, there's a wait but sooo worth it. Try the soup dumplings, scallion pancake, house fried rice special and salt and pepper shrimp (peeled!). More than enough for 2 people and if in a group keep adding as you go but these are the best and my favorite dishes. Don't forget that Joe's only accepts cash and they have communal seating (kind of fun).
my favorite soup dumpling place.ive been coming here since i was a childconsistent over the yearsbesides the soup dumplings try the scallion pankakeshot and sour souppan fried noodles(ask them what veggie is fresh)expect to share a table and wait if you go during rush times,sooooo gooooood tho
For starters: Service isn't great here. Not that I was expecting much, but often it's hard to get seated, they forget to bring you the menu, etc.However, the food here is incredibly delicious. From the soup dumplings to the fried rice, I highly recommend.
We came here on a Tuesday evening at 9 o'clock and were happily seated without a wait. We proceeded to order a crab and pork soup dumplings, the steamed chilean sea bass, and a homestyle tofu dish. 1. soup dumplings - hearty, good ratio of skin to filling, HUGE size for soup dumplings, strong crab flavor, decent amount of soup. Price is $2 more than the pork ones though so not sure if it's worth it.2. chilean sea bass - for $25, you get a decent filet of fish that is well steamed and well flavored. I thought the meat could have been a bit more tender but overall, it was cooked well and we were very pleased.3. homestyle tofu - slightly spicy and quite saucy with a hint of sweetness in the tofu. This dish also comes with an abundance of peppers and mushrooms. I wouldn't necessarily order this again because it was too heavy of a tofu dish for me.Overall, good chinese food with solid soup dumplings.
I love soup dumplings. Joe's has soup dumplings that are larger than your other dumpling shops. Very filling!
There's always a line outside, but it moves fast!Just get the most popular dishes and you Won't get disappointed! Cash only; tips is included in your bill!
The dumplings themselves are pretty good.. and I crave them occasionally, but I'd give Joe's Shanghai 5 STAR for the experience. I'd like to say a group of us are regulars here, we've visited both locations (Flushing and Manhattan Chinatown) and we can't really complain about the food; for Chinese food, it's not too greasy or oily - doesn't leave you feeling super guilty after the meal. The dumplings themselves are always excellent; I prefer the pork over the crab ones, the crab ones are a little too "fishy" for me. I think the experience of eating these soup dumplings itself is what I always rave about. Most people when they think about soup and dumplings, traditionally,  they think about the dumplings being submerged into a bowl of broth like in most Asian cuisines, however you're in for a surprise if you haven't tried these before at Joe's Shanghai. You have to find out and experience them yourself. Don't forget to put enough of the vinegar/soy sauce concoction!
Food was mediocre and our waiters were not very nice. Don't order the shredded pork noodle-- that was bad. Crispy duck was too salty. I liked the dumplings and pan fried noodles though. Overall, I did not really enjoy it here even though I love Chinese food.
Soup dumpling and scallion pancake is the best. If there is a long line just go joe's ginger next door it is owned by same people so they have same dumplings there and no wait!
Came here because of the great YELP reviews. However, I was very disappointed. They do not take credit cards and the food was very bland. The service was not great, nor friendly. With all the other restaurants nearby, I would definitely NOT recommend this one.
$5 Soup dumplings all day! So good, it will be worth the wait. Just avoid the busy times where everyone and their tourist mother also wants to go. It's an experience. Great to take out of towners to as well.
So bomb. Massive soup dumplings! Ordered way too much food. The scallion pan cake is perfect too, crispy and hot.
The only thing worth getting is the pork and crab "steamed bun" which is, of course, soup dumplings.There's a line to be seated even late at night which is probably due, in part, to the fact that so many other places in Chinatown close 10pm or earlier (despite posted hours to the contrary - I'm looking at you Shanghai Asian Manor).
I came to Joe's Shanghai during lunch time. The restaurant was full, but we did not have to wait in line. I have heard that sometimes there are long lines to get into this place.The waiters were very attentive. Great service!We ordered three dishes: 1.) pork Dim Sum, 2.) black mushooms and bamboo shoots and 3.) general Tso's chicken. Both the black mushroom and bamboo shoots and general Tso's chicken dishes were good. But the Dim Sum was incredible (and cheap at at $6.25)! They are pork-filled buns with soup inside. I have never tasted anything so good! I would come back only to eat the Dim Sum. The other dishes were okay, but nothing I would rave over. They were a little on the pricey side, but they tasted like they were good quality.
I had to come here one last time before leaving New York, even if it was by myself and just to devour a whole order of crab and pork soup dumplings. I've been wanting to do that for the past decade or so that I've lived in New York, and it was totally worth it. Joe's Shanghai has become incredibly touristy over the past few years but its soup dumplings are still number one in my book. When with friends, I would order soup dumplings, fried flat Shanghai noodles with beef, a big pile of stir fried veggies (snow pea leaves or water spinach), maybe some braised duck. But I will always treasure that day that I sat obliviously among tourists who gawked at me as I devoured eight soup dumplings all by myself. I'll miss you little soup dumplings! Counting down the days til I slurp ya again
Forget the soup dumplings and get the Shanghai Chives & Shrimp with Meat Wonton in Broth. Don't get me wrong, soup dumplings were good, but we thought the wontons were so much better. Even the server said wontons have better flavor.
Went for lunch during work and it was packed.  Ordered the soup dumplings and they were really good.  Staff was fast and polite as well
This place is gross.  Filthy and uncomfortable.  The food is merely marginal at best but at least it is cheap.  A tourist trap and the soup dumplings leave a lot to be desired.
Great ShaoLong Bao (dumplings). Everything else was average.
Our friend told us the soup dumpling was great, so we tried the crab meat one and it was alright, my friend said that the pork one would've been better, but my bf and I didn't know at that time. Other than that the Singapore rice noodles were yummy, and the roasted duck was good as well.
Worst Chinese food ever. Long wait, deplorable service. When I complained my food was cold, waiter did nothing. DON'T GO!
I haven't had enough dim sum experiences to know if Joe's Shanghai is 4 or 5 stars. We just don't have that many dim sum options where I live. There's one I slightly prefer in Philly. *shrug*I can say that the soup dumplings, the scallion pancake, and the cold sesame noodles are all tasty. This location is more casual than the one uptown, and you will probably be seated at a large table with other people when it's busy. Prices are super reasonable and service is quick.
Authentic as it gets, walked in to a full house but was seated within minutes. Soup dumplings are like nothing I've tasted. Protip: look around for a pro dumplings eater to figure out how to tackle these things. Other dishes were great as well. I'd go back.
I had always wondered what the hype about Joe's Shanghai was. I had tried to come a few times on a weekday but the wait was at least 45 min. I would usually be too hungry to wait.One day, I was grabbing drinks after work and it started to rain. Hmm... maybe its a good time to go to Joe's Shanghai. Nobody wants to wait in the rain. I took an Uber to Joe's Shanghai and the wait was 10 min. BINGO! The key is to come here when the weather is bad- heavy rain, snow storms... come here!We had to share a table, with 4 other people. Some other people started pouring our tea by mistake and quickly apologized. There will be a server who comes around asking you to place your order for dumplings in advanced. You MUST try the crab pork dumplings. MUST. The dumplings arrived super hot. I was trying to gingerly lift up a dumpling onto a spoon without breaking the skin. Sometimes I was successful. Other times, the skin would break and soup would explode out of the dumpling. Sadness. These dumplings are extremely hot and you can burn your tongue, so proceed with caution. We also ordered the scallion pancake, which was ok. I thought it would be more flaky. We also got the spicy beef with tofu- that was delicious. The waiter gave us a bowl of rice to share. We should have ordered fried rice- I saw others ordering and it looked good.Joe's Shanghai is delicious. Would love to be back on a day with terrible weather so I don't have to wait!
My favorite Chinese restaurant in all of Chinatown.  Ive been to them ALL.  This is the spot.  Open pretty late and the food is ALWAYS fantastic.  Fresh with a very very large selection.  I usually get the shrimp in white sauce.  mmmmmmm  it gets pretty hectic here, but that's part of the fun.  Busy and bustling Chinatown.  If you're not into all that, you can always take your food to go and if you live in the area, they deliver.  I also recommend the pork dumplings.  Fantastic.
I've been coming here for years, this is the place you come to if you work in the area. It's located in a very narrow road in Chinatown, you know you are there when you see the line going out the door. The first thing you see when you walk in is huge fish tank, very cool. Unless you come with a large group you will be seated in a communal table, a lazy Susan table. It's not that bad, everyone is busy eating. The food here is good, typical Chinese food, but if you come here you are coming for the soup dumplings. They gave two types of soup dumplings, pork and crabmeat, the pork ones are the best. Best soup dumplings anywhere!
My mother and I came here around 3pm on a Saturday to try the soup dumplings that we've been hearing about so much. Waited only 30min with an odd way of calling your ticket numbers (they don't call you in numerical order). We ordered just 2 orders of the pork soup dumplings as we had dinner plans. I was disappointed as only 2 out of the 8 soup dumplings I had actually had a little bit of soup in it. The dumpling skin itself was a little dry too. Also the place was dirty so it's not exactly a nice place to take out of town guests.
As recommended by friends, the pork soup dumplings and scallion pancakes are definite MUST ORDERS. Everything else is good but do not stand out as much as the other two. The restaurant is a little cramped and all tables seat 8-10, so any party less than that must share. It also requires an aggressive orderer per group to get the waiter's attention, especially if you are relegated to an area away from the main foot traffic.Calling this a dim sum place is a little misleading. While they have dim sum-type items, the ordering is more conventional (you order via a waiter, rather than watch for servers with wheeled carts walking by the tables).
Ahh, this spot never disappoints. Used to come here all the time when I lived in NYC as I grew up about 20 minutes away, and I make it a point to come back for lunch. Brought my boyfriend as this was his first trip to NYC and, of course I had to "show him the way"...; lest to say he is hooked and dreams about those wonderful little soup dumplings. We had the crab/pork ones. I cannot wait for my next NYC trip
I'm still searching for a decent soup dumpling restaurant in NYC. For me, this restaurant falls short on many levels. Immediately, upon entering, you'll be hit with a funky smell. The restaurant probably needs new carpet. Give it a few minutes and you'll get used to the smell. On to the food. All of our dishes were glistening in oil. I've come to expect this type of preparation at most chinese restaurants, but it was a little too much here. After waiting 30+ mins to get seated, you're ready to feast, so you get past the smell and oiliness quickly. Your stomach will be full after a meal here, but the quality and atmosphere could be improved. Also, don't forget this is a cash only restaurant!
When me and my friends walked in we were like on nice place got our seats. The dumplings was great but the service was so poorly organize. We didnt get our beers till like 20 mins later and we have been waitting for our other meals over 40mins. Sorry!! Maybe next time in a couple years.
Always busy. Even I can go by myself. Reasonable, delicious, fast! I usually come here for lunch. I recommend crab dumping and fried rice, bean stir fry. When you eat dumping should catch hot soup by spoon! Not best place for soup dumping, but it's enough delicious I'm Manhattan.
Folks, I have eaten here several times since 2011. Food quality has diminished significantly and prices have skyrocketed! Everthing is saturated in grease and has little flavor.  This place is outdated. Do try other places or only have the dumplings.We ordered shrimp fried rice. It looked good but there was no tastes. It's like they used dried veggies and frozen shrimp and no seasoning or a dash of salt.We ordered general zhu chicken and it tasted like candied chicken served with bearly cooked broccoli. We ordered eggplant with garlic sauce. It was drenched in oil and tasteless. The dumplings were fine. The service is so consistently bad.  They yell at you if you are unhappy or have a special request.  The servers were all male most couldnt speak english.  There meal also includes a 15% service fee so be sure not to tip unless you want to go above and beyond cause they certainly won't return the favor while you are ordering or eating.
Probably the cheapest meal you can get when you're in New York City!My boyfriend & I have a huge love for Soup Dumplings and were excited to give Joe's Shanghai a try. We ordered the Pork & Crab Soup Dumplings ($6.95), Green Onion Pancakes ($3), & Shanghai Noodles ($5). The first thing I noticed was how plump looking the soup dumplings were and how it had so much soup. This is definitely a good thing since some places seem to skimp out on the soup.The Xiao Long Baos were so juicy and the meat inside had so much flavor due to the Crab & Pork meat. The outside of the dumplings were a bit thicker than usual but all the soup inside definitely made up for it! The Green Onion Pancakes was also delicious and so worth my 3 bucks!! Don't forget to dip it in the yummy vinegar sauce! As for the Shanghai Noodles, I wasn't very impressed due to the bland taste and would probably skip it the next time I visit. This place is a must whenever you visit New York. It's probably the cheapest meal you can get when you visit and the food is worth the wait!! This place is also Cash Only!
I should have gone with my gut when I saw that less than 1 of every 10 people dining here were Asian. This is one time I should not have listened to Yelp.Guys, I don't care how many famous people eat here. The food was so generic, watered down, flavorless, and Americanized that I really would have been happier at Panda Express. REALLY. The scallion bread is greasy as hell here, and their dishes are covered in flavorless sauce. If this is what NY Chinatown is about, fuggedaboutit- I'm going back to Houston Chinatown. The one redeeming food we had? Their iconic, much-lauded Xiao Long Bao (translated into Chinese as "Little Dragon Soup Dumplings," just for your shits and grins). Those were served searing hot with a nice texture and 6.95 for 8, I believe. There are plenty of restaurants full of CHINESE people in Chinatown here. Try one of those. I should have. Enjoy your standard surly Chinese service (to be expected at any Chinese restaurant) at a flat rate of 15% tagged onto the bill already. Cash only.
It was 11:30am when we got there, and they open at 11am.  The place was already full but we had no wait, even though we were a group of eight.  By the time we finished, maybe an hour later, there was a short queue at the door, people getting tickets for lunch.  So beware, this place is famous and in all the guidebooks--come early or go off-peak. The famous soup dumplings are swell.  If you're a connoisseur or have a refined palate, you'll surely have opinions, and I suppose a blindfolded side-by-side comparison between the dumplings here and ones from Flushing (yelp.com/biz/nan-xiang-d…) would net opinions from me as well, but for most people, this'll do nicely. I think the same must be true of all the other food: folks who know Chinese food well or who've been coming to Joe's for a long time seem to note it's all gone downhill, but I had no direct comparison to the past and everything I tried seemed okay to me.  To boot, a Hongkonger* I know goes out of her way to come here when in town, and that's got to count for something, or it does for me.  Aside from the dumplings, my impression is that the food here is uniformly solid to good.  One standout from my table was the Jia jia mien--this was the first time I've had the dish at a Chinese restaurant instead of a Korean one, and I know it's originally Chinese but I like the Korean version better.  The contrast between the two was interesting, though.  The jia jia mien here was less tart, less dark, and much creamier than I'd expected.  If you love the Korean version, I'd get this just to compare.  If you haven't, it's still not bad--thick noodles topped in a soybean paste, with tofu and I guess pork.  Simple, but hard to dislike.* Is this the worst city-native appellation in the world?  I think it might be.  The people of Hong Kong deserve better.
Joe's ShanghaiNY: Manhattan: Chinatown2pm Friday 14th November 2014Four StarsThis place is pretty famous for dumplings.  There was a ten minute wait and a bunch of white people inside.  We sat a 8 person banquet table with two other groups of people.  We ordered the Scallion Pancake, Crab and Pork Soup Dumplings, and Pork Dumplings (~$20).  The freshly fried Pancake was greasy, crispy, and delicious. The soup filled buns were fairly amazing.  The wrapper was thick enough to hold the liquid inside while transferring to the chinese soup spoon.  The vinegar-y soy sauce with ginger strips is my favorite topping.  The service was good at that turn-burn style. Overall, I enjoyed this place. There were plenty of celebrity photos: Emma Stone, Michael Serna, Jake Gyllenhaal, Jonah Hill, Olivia Wilde, Russell Wong, and probably more.
I guess I'm spoiled by my new found Chinese place in my hometown, The Bamboo House in Syracuse, NY. I thought this was good, but it wasn't as fresh and delicious. We had szechuan chicken and vegetable Lo Mein. Not super exciting I agree!  Not my choice either. I would try something else my next time through.
The food was ok. The atmosphere was terrible. There is usually a long wait to get in and when you do music is blaring, you sit down and the waiters are in you instantly asking you if your ready. They all seem very angry and they don't really care if they get your order right. Once we were done eating we were getting our money out and four waiters were circling around the table watching us. The food was not worth the wait nor the aggressive and unfriendly staff.
Super affordable and tasty  one of the best, if not the best place for soup dumplings. The staff are nice as well.
Had to try the Pork Xiao Long Bao and I must say...it was good!! I can't say it's THE BEST but definitely tasty. I'm actually not a big fan of dumplings like that but I decided to give it a try since everyone was talking about it. Definitely was a good and I'm coming back tommorw before I head home just for the XLB. Turnip cake was not good at all. Try the fried pork, it was actually good as well. It winter right now so good gets cold easily so I wish the pork stayed hot longer but the flavor was good. Had the Crab & Pork Bao too and it's very similar tasting to the pork. I would get both to try and taste the difference. Pricing is very affordable $5.95 for their XLB. "Service Charge" AKA tip is already added to the bill.  Service is crappy as in almost any Asian restaurant in Chinatown so I wasn't expecting much per usual but I thought it was funny. Kinda rushed us out so they can get the next crowd in. Again expected I guess.
Love me some xiaolongbao. Especially on a chilly fall night. A party of 3 of us went for dinner on a Saturday evening so we already knew that we should be expecting a wait to be seated. We saw the massive crowd of people outside the shop on the otherwise empty-looking street and knew we had reached our destination. We got a number and were told the wait would be 30 minutes. I'm really not sure what the system is for seating here, a lot of people waiting seemed confused. A few times the girl would come outside and basically roll call everyone's numbers to see who was still waiting. For this reason, it's probably not a good idea to take a walk around the block while waiting for your number- they are not called in order or anything close to that. After about an hour and a half we finally got seated at a round table with 2 other parties. We ordered the crab and pork soup dumplings with some beers right off the bat. Beers weren't super cheap, but dumpling price was on point. As others have noted, tip is included in your bill. Decided we would try another dish while we were there, so we also got the mapo tofu. The guy asked us if we also wanted to order rice with our mapo tofu, which was confusing since mapo tofu always comes with rice. It's not a dish you just eat straight by itself. OK, so we order some individual bowls of rice so we can eat the mapo tofu. Dumplings came first. They were very tasty and hit the spot. Slurp your heart out. No complaints with the side vinegar and ginger dipping sauce either. We finished these pretty quickly and then our mapo tofu and rice came out. The dish looked okay, but seriously lacked in any flavor (big flavor bang and numbing Szechuan peppercorn feeling is what defines mapo tofu). So this was a fail. We had to ask for the hot chili sauce and vinegar dipping sauce to mix with the tofu to even make it palatable enough to eat. We probably should have just stuck with what this restaurant specialized in- soup dumplings. We weren't a big fan of the host/waiter that kept hawking around the table, trying to pull dishes out from under you before you were even finished. It felt very uncomfortable, like he was just waiting to shove you out even though you were ordering multiple rounds of drinks and dishes and hadn't even been sitting down for a half hour yet. I understand there's a line outside, but come on, I just came from that line....after waiting for an hour and a half. Let me at least enjoy my meal in peace. Front of house staff was very friendly as we were leaving though.
I'm a New Yorker. This is New York Chinese food, plain and simple. I don't get the thousands of fawning reviews. Tourists? Bots? People who've never had decent Chinese food? It's OK - I've had better. Tip: if there's a line out the door, as I've heard there can be, go to any place nearby. No difference.
soup dumplings were great, and the sesame pancake was good too. we were there late on a Sunday night, and it was packed! service was ok, prices were good, and I will return!
Restaurant was awesome in terms of service and food, but shared tables has its downside sometime.. this person has been talking about me in front of me and possibly taking pic of me without consent, so I took a pic too just for the record
On my recent trip to NY, I was asked what I wanted to do while I was in town.  My only request was to a) eat "real" ramen (I live in FL and the ramen options are seriously lacking in this state) and b) eat soup dumplings....and soooo I checked out my trusty Yelp app and it pointed me in the direction of Joe's Shanghai.  Boy was I disappointed.  Probably out of all of the meals in the city, my dining experience at Joe's was the most lackluster.I timed my visit perfectly.  There was absolutely no wait on the rainy Monday morning at 11am.  95% of the dining room was open...so why would they make my dining companion and myself sit at a table with 1 other diner.  I understood if it was busy or if we came in at lunch time....but really did they need to force us to sit with a stranger for no real reason besides laziness?Moving onto the menu...well they have pork soup dumplings and crab.  Ordered both options and some additional menu items.  Don't get me wrong, the soup dumplings were good...just not great...and definitely not mind blowing.  Similar to the dumplings you can find at any standard dim sum restaurant but with some additional liquid inside.  The portions are fair and the prices are reasonable but not really worth making the trek all the way to Chinatown to experience these underwhelming bad boys.They are cash only.  Also the dining room is small and they try to capitalize on dining space by making communal dining tables when it's busy.  Decoration is typical to a Chinese restaurant...not the cleanest or awe inspiring but standard Chinese restaurant vibe.My real complaint was the service.  There really was none and the little we did made our dining experience less than enjoyable.  Interacting with our various servers was almost painful.  They forgot one of our orders...which to be honest wasn't a big deal but when it came time to pay the bill the server argued with me saying I never ordered the item...which come on kids who really forgets food they are looking forward to consuming.  Anyways I'd stay away...check out other options for soup dumplings on Yelp and/or restaurants in Chinatown.Meh.
Still love this place. Fun atmosphere. Shared tables. Delicious soup dumplings, crispy beef, sesame chicken and rice. We travel from Chicago to eat here! Marvin our waiter was fabulous
Nothing special. Soup dumplings were good for the price but the chicken is not good, tiny portion and super expensive. Chicken bones in the vegetable noodles... The waiters are kind and free rice
This place can be pretty fun, all depends on who you are sharing tables with.  As for the food? Ordered the pork and crab soup dumplings, along with pork steamed dumplings. All was well, nothing off the ordinary. The soup dumplings held tight for most part, but a small portion of them did manage to open up, letting all the yum yum soup out // use those chopsticks wise ):The staff was very friendly and attentive, it's like I will come back here. I recommend this place, but I wouldn't call it authentic. This is the more western friendly version, which might work for you¡¿?!The good: the crab soup dumplingsThe bad: They only take cashThere were little tidbits of crab shells in the dumplings, which partially offset the final star.
Was here last year... Quality went down for sure.  Also it was noticeable more expensive this time.  And they added an automatic tip on a party of two! Last time I'm coming here
I wish Asian restaurants had more etiquette and concern for their customers. I felt like this place wanted to cram as many people as possible so we were put right next to their trashcan, ugh. Unfortunately, we couldn't ask for another table because it would have been a long wait. The food wasn't particularly good either. I thought their xiao long bao was average. Din tai fung and Mama Lus make it better. The shrimp and chive dumpling in broth, turnip shortcake, Singapore chow fun were all average. Service was horrendous- and they automatically charge 15% tip to the bill! It made me so mad. Restaurant is also dirty and smelly. Chinatown in general is dirty and smelly. I don't know how they got an A grade but this place doesn't deserve it, it's more like a C. Never never come here.
No idea why this place gets such high ratings, the food is just plain okay but pretty bland. They're not very friendly and rush you in and out, the waiters never step aside while you're walking through but instead try to push their way in front of you.  If you are a small party of 1 or 2 they crowd you in at someone else's table which gets awkward fast.  Also they force a 15% tip and are cash only.
For a city NY's size, there MUST be better dumplings elsewhere...yet other Yelpers seem to love this place. I've lived in Asia and Vancouver BC, so I know a great dumpling. But let's start at the door and  the posted "B" rating from the health dept. I overlooked it as I figured do many happy Yelp reviews couldn't be wrong. In fact, my soup spoon wasn't completely clean...ack. * Now to the dim sum: people rave about their xiao long bao. I found the dumplings had an off-balance ratio of meat to dough, and the meat was a bit loose rather than a tight ball. The flavor was nothing special. I also tried an onion-oil pancake, which was served a bit overcooked for my liking. I would not return.
Cash only.Once you get there, get your ticket asap from the staff walking around with a board.On Saturday around 12:30pm, the wait for a party of 2 was 30min. Excellent soup dumplings. They are huge and filled with abundance of juice!Lo mein tasted good but was a bit overlooked in my opinion.Their onion pancakes were amazing. Crispy yet moist and chewy. Fried to perfection. Best served with their soy sauce and chili pepper oil.
I hear about Joe's Shanghai from different crowds. Many in NY deem it the best Shanghai Dumplings they've ever had. Me? I pity them. Food: Pork Shanghai Dumplings - Lots of broth which means they use a lot of lard. Very good flavors but why the heck is the skin so thick? Crab Shanghai Dumplings - Almost no broth. Same thick skin. Vegetables - The bok choys were not the freshest. Even so most restaurants will just snap the ugly looking areas off....they didn't bother with that. Btw our vinegar saucer can use more ginger! Service: Very fast paced...wait staff gave us the hurry and eat mentality. Ordered two items then the waiter bounced off leaving us with blank reactions...like....is he coming back to take the rest of our order...? Environment: I love older Chinese restaurants. It adds to the flavors. Price: Not too pricey. Din Tai Fung in California and Asia is light years better than this. Heck the lesser known joints in those areas make better dumplings. Don't believe the hype. Food: 3Service: 1Environment: 3Price: 4
This place is so hyped up but I didn't really find it to be that great. There was a line of people before it opened and I'm trying to figure out why. The dumplings were not sturdy, some of them had holes when they were brought out. They stuck to the steamer despite the layer of lettuce underneath. They fell apart on contact with chopsticks. I saw many old Asian folks and none of them had dumplings on their table. The scallion pancakes were doughy and nothing special at all. The pork dumplings (or pork buns as written on the menu) were better than the pork and crab ones. Points for having water spinach because my friend tells me they don't usually even have it in restaurants because it's a hassle to prepare for cooking. Just a Note: The hostess's wear white,The busser's wear yellow,The waiters wear red, and the higher ups wear green.No one is friendly and no one smiles.It seems that majority of the time you have to share a table with complete strangers which depending on your personality is horrific or a cool opportunity. The music was all over the place jumping from authentic oriental sounds to mainstream Chinese music to the backstreet boys to Celine Dion to club music. Aim the words of another customer I met standing in line, you go in and they basically want you done and out right away. It's not a place to sit and eat and socialize, just consume the food and bounce.If you have dumpling cravings this place will satisfy it but don't go in expecting something phenomenal because it will fall short.  It's a fine place to visit if you're in the area but certainly don't travel out of your way for it!
The xiao long bao is hugeeeeeeeee so don't over order. It is not bad but if you are more used to the more refined taste, you are in the wrong place. Food in general is very oily and with huge portion. I still couldn't believe this place has the highest rating on Yelp for Chinese cuisine in NYC Chinatown.
Extremely disrespectful waiters and staff. The food was average. Chinatown has several other better eateries so please take your business elsewhere.
The steamed pork dumplings here are legendary. I get random cravings about them and when I go I'm never disappointed. Great service, love the atmosphere and the food is always delicious. 5 STARS!
Came here with a party of 4 on a cold NYC evening to try their soup dumplings and it was definitely worth it! The dumplings were moist, hot, and bursting with flavor. I think we got a total of 12 for around $18? Not too shabby. My boyfriend and I also ordered the crispy chicken with lemon sauce and it was pretty good as well. The chicken was well seasoned and it had a coconut crunch to it. Very delicious! I took a star off because this location is pretty small so you have to share tables with other guests which was unfortunate.
Last December hanging out with my Indian and African friends in Chinatown NYC... we found out this place and they love the food .. highly recommend this place to everyone
Great price: 6.25 for a bowl of soup dumplings! They are pretty damn filling and recommend sharing one soup dumpling order and one main dish/vegetables to share between two ppl.
This place is a tourist trap. Very basic dumplings. It's not even good and nothing special. I don't know what's the hype is all about. Din Tai Fung makes way better dumplings than this place. Do not go there.
I've tried soup dumplings from several different places now... so at this point, I think I can say that no other restaurants could ever match the perfection at Joe's Shanghai. Yes, it's crowded. Yes, the workers could be more like their soup dumplings and be warmer towards their customers. No, it's definitely not the ideal place to take a big crowd if you don't want to wait even longer. And TBH you want to be in a happy mood before eating so sometimes I just don't think it's worth it, but do they have the best soup dumplings? I think so.I'm conflicted whether or not to give 5 stars because of the factors mentioned above. The soup dumplings get a an infinite amount of stars. But the overall experience? I wanna say a good solid 4 just because I don't always want to go through the trouble of eating AT the restaurant.But let's be real. The love you'll have for their xiao long bao will make you do crazy things like wait, be mean mugged, pay cash, not care for free refills. You'll definitely dream of them on cold, gloomy days.
I don't seem to get why this place is crazy popular. I came here to get some crab meat soup dumplings and they were not what I expected. The soup dumplings came out slightly warm. I was expecting something pipping hot and enjoyable, but it really wasn't. The restaurant could use a tune up especially the tea cups and plates. They are all scratched up. Don't expect to get your own table. Most likely you will be sharing a table with other customers.There are much better options in Chinatown to go to.
Pork xiao long bao on a rainy December day = perfection. Got here close to opening time on a Thursday so no wait. There's definitely an art in eatu g these without breaking them and wasting all the yummy soup! I came with my mom, and she agrees four stars is appropriate. She was a little peeved that they didn't accept cards, as its more of a restaurant than a small eats shop.
This past weekend, I was walking around china town with my brother looking for a non-sketchy place to grab dinner and ended up here. We sat with a fun, large family who ordered the jellyfish appetizer and dared us to try it. Not something I would have EVER ordered on my own...but it actually didnt taste too bad! For entrees we got the orange beef and general tso's chicken and both were very good. Portions are pretty large- we ended up taking some home. Their rice is some of the best I've had with chinese food. My only complaint was that both dishes had minimal vegetables...I think there were only 4 pieces of broccoli in the chicken dish. I like that they give you tea before eating and oranges after on the house. Unfortunately it was WAY too hot to get the soup dumplings which they are known for, so I definitely need to come back and try those.
Cash only.  Share table.  Food was hot and fresh.  Service and price are much better than Midtown location.
Waited almost an hour-just for my number to be called. Waited another 30 mins just to be seated. Was it worth it?! Hell Yes! I ordered the pork dumpling as well as the crab, and to be honest i couldn't tell the difference other than the slight fishy smell.Either way, they were legit! Also went pretty basic and ordered scallion pancakes, general tso and shrimp lo mein. Best Chinese food EVER! I enjoyed the communal seating, and the attentative staff. I never waited more than 2 mins for assistance. The best part? My meal came out to $50 and I still had food left! If it wasn't for this food coma, I would have given a more detailed review but my lord, I will be returning. I'll be back Joe!
Definitely overrated. XLB's are thick skinned and the broth is just grease. Rest of the food's passable but can hardly be considered Shanghainese.
So my friends and I went here and we got two different tables. One table got better service and better tasting food than the other. Only difference was race, I can't say much more but this is nyc this shouldn't happen. Staff weren't happy when my minority friend picked up the checks for both tables.
Food was excellent.  We had to share a table with another group as well which dinner a little awkward. My biggest complaint is the hostesses were rude and spoke very little English
What's up with the 'C' grade?Food was tasty and plentiful. However, the 'C' grade prevented me from fully embracing.
3.5 stars. Food: Pretty decent. Had the crab xiaolongbao to start, which were definitely good, but not excellent. The meat tasted fresh and there was a good soup to skin ratio, but the skin was a little bit too thick. The other two dishes we tried (kao fu-traditional Shanghainese bean curd dish and a pork noodle soup) were also pretty tasty but fairly standard fare. Environment: I recognize that there is limited space in Chinatown, but this type of overcrowding was just a bit too much for me. My friend and I shared a round table with another party and there was limited space between all of the tables. If you're not afraid to squeeze and are looking for cheap Shanghainese food, then this is not a bad choice! But personally the environment detracted too much from the food.
Good spot, great value.  It's tucked away off of Canal street but worth the walk.  Customer service is ok, considering its China Town.  Family of 5 ate comfortably for $62.00. Would definitely come back.  We had the sesame chicken, pork fried rice and fried dumplings.  Would highly recommend all of those.
Oh Yelp, you led me astray with this one. Best dim sum? Really?! I mean, the food wasn't horrible, but let's not get crazy. It was good enough (especially the scallion pancakes) but the waitstaff was completely indifferent bordering on rude. My friend and I were seated at a larger table ("You sit over here! And you sit there!") and had a stranger join later, which was kind of awkward. We were given menus, but never offered drinks beyond the standard tea. Food came fast but nobody really cared whether we liked it or not. Seems like staff was more preoccupied with getting us served and out the door as fast as possible. They also add service fee to all orders but then make it look like tipping is still needed. And CASH ONLY? What is this?! Anyways, this place definitely doesn't deserve all the rave it gets. Skip.
Soup dumplings (pork and crab) and Singapore noodles were amazing. The wait to get into this restaurant was most definitely not awesome. We waited about an hour to get in and we would have waited longer if it wasn't for our friend telling the waitress that we would squeeze in at a smaller table. There needs to be a better system here for waiting to be seated. But the wait aside, the food was good and cheap. We ordered about 10 dishes amongst the 6 of us and paid $15 per person. I'd definitely come here again during off hours for sure.
Crab cream soup dumpling is still as good as it is. Just the service kept getting worse. It's ok to have people share table in regular situation, but they went kinda too far to ask a mom to keep their baby on her lap to get an extra chair.
I prefer Wo Hop, but this is a really solid choice for New York Chinese food in Chinatown.It can get crowded here, but I think that's part of the fun. They have a lot of giant tables that can seat 8-10, and you'll often find yourself seated at one with multiple other parties. A lazy susan in the middle makes things easier to pass around the table. And it's a great way to meet new people!Talking to strangers in New York, just like your momma taught ya! :D
This place is spacious and the service is alright, however being known for their soup dumplings, I was not impressed. Served in a wooden dish in 8, around half of their dumplings were either dried up, or had all the soup already drained due to poor quality. Could use improvement.
I'll start off by saying this - one never goes to Joe's Shanghai if you're seeking an exceptional dining experience. You don't go for the service - you simply only ever go for the food.That being said, Joe's is a staple in my life, has been for 15 out of my 26 years, and is never leaving. I LOVE JOE'S SHANGHAI! There's no other place I would even consider going to in Chinatown, despite the wait. Their pork soup dumplings are out of the world and one of my favorite food items in life. Nothing comes close to replicating them, and nothing can satisfy my cravings for them other than the dumplings themselves. Their food is delicious. I would call the cuisine "elevated Chinese". The Shanghai fried rice is simple but super tasty. You really can't go wrong when ordering any of their food. The oranges at the end are a nice touch to cleanse your palate, and are always of the best quality.I've never had to not wait at Joe's. Whether at 1 PM, 3 PM, 7 PM, or 930 PM, I've always waited at least 30 minutes - it's just a part of the visit. Also, they have a cash only policy that I don't think is changing, ever. Align your expectations accordingly, and you will never leave the place unsatisfied. I promise!
Yuck Yuck Yuck- Maybe the dumplings are good but the food is nasty and they have a "C" rating. I wish i would have know that before i went but i had no idea because all the reviews on Yelp and when you get there and talk to the people are about the dumplings - Lastly the staff is rude!!!
This place was really overrated. I've had soup dumplings all over and this place was highly recommended, don't know why. Service was good but food was very ordinary. Not worth the trip to Chinatown.
We came here specifically for the xiao long bao (soup dumplings) because we heard Joe's had the best ones. Each order gives 8 dumplings; one choice is a mix of crab meat and pork and the other choice was just pork. I thought the pork dumplings had a better flavor to their soup but both were good. There was a decent line when we got there, it was around 8:40 pm on a Saturday night and we waited 30 minutes to get in.
Went to Joe's Shanghai for the first time a few weeks ago with two friends and had such a great experience. The food was absolutely delicious and we did not have to wait as long as we had expected. The soup dumplings are a must! Pan fried noodles were also delicious. I love how the tables are communal. It makes for a great way to meet new people. Loved Joe's and will definitely be back soon!
This place is always packed! People come here for the soup dumplings which are pretty good. I usually get 2 orders of soup dumplings, one order would be pork and the other is crabmeat. I'd recommend their fried rice, fried noodles, and if ure really hungry and not afraid of gettin stuffed--try their rice cakes! When theyre super busy w a long wait outside, i actually go next door to Joes Ginger becos theyre the same restaurant, have the same exact menu. Heard the owner owns both.. So jus incase u didnt kno now u do ;)
Fantastic dumplings.  Had to sit with strangers, which was alright.  I judged them the whole time because they ordered way too much food and left with dozens of bags of food.
I don't usually like Chinese food but these dumplings are a must have! Come early and be ready to take your number and wait in line outside- they do not take reservations. It is hidden on Pell street in Chinatown but the food is great and certainly stands out. Also recommend the duck, was delicious.
Extremely overrated and overpriced. Service was very fast, almost too fast as if they wanted us out of there asap. The food was not that great. No better than your corner take out place. For the prices they charge, I would expect far better.
Love this place! Tucked away in Chinatown is this gem. We went for the dumplings and were not disappointed! This place can get pretty packed but they seem well-staffed and can handle the rushes. We got the mixed pork and crab dumplings. They literally fell apart! The main dishes were fine too but the dumplings stole the show. Check it out if you're in NY!
My friend recommanded this restaurant for me, but unfortuanately I had a verrrrrrry bad experience at there, probably this is the worst restaurant service I have ever had in New York. They refused to gave us seat only because one of our friend still on the way and didn't wait for the seat with us, we waited in January's cold wind for 30 minutes while there was a spare table all the time, and get a bunch of stink-eyes from waitress and boss because we argued. The food was OK , the price was cheap, but still very hard for me to take such a bad service. I'm a Chinese, I love Chinese food and always gave rather good rate for Chinese restaurant, but this one really irritated me. I can't believe our Chinese fellows can be such mean. There are tons of wonderful food in China Town, if possible, chose another one,  this is not the only choice.
Interesting spot for some delicious food! Had the pork steam buns and they were very good. Nothing incredibly special but enjoyable nonetheless. Service was fast but be aware that they take cash only at this location. Overall good food for decent prices!
The most iconic Chinese restaurant in chinatown by far! The food is always amazing, best beef with broccoli in Manhattan and the soup dumplings are amazing! Staff is usually curt, but it doesn't matter because the food is always sooooo good! The soup dumplings are cheap but sometimes other things on the menu can be pricey for no reason!
This place is more of a tourist trap than anything else. There is always a line outside and the wait can be from 20 mins to an hour.  We came at 9 and it was still packed. We ordered their soup dumplings, pork belly with minced preserved vegetables and Shanghai noodles. The soup dumplings had a delicious filing and the broth was yummy but the skin needs work. It was too thick and got hard super fast. Their Shanghai noodles were ok in flavor but it was extremely oily. Their pork belly with preserved veggies was ok. Portion was a bit small and they could have cut their pork belly into smaller slices. Service was non existent. They kept trying to rush us out by asking if we were done ordering.  As soon as we said yes they brought the bill.
Their soup dumplings are excellent. Would recommend the ones without crab. They are actually more delicious and less expensive than the crab ones. The other dishes tend to more catering towards the American palate, I.e a little greasier and saltier than I would prefer. Very tight quarters, but that's just New York.
I hate waiting for anything, I really do. But Joe's Shanghai always suckers me in. Soup dumplings are always hot/fresh and it's just so good. I've never had a problem with the staff rushing my groups out, even when it's slammed. Servers do often need some repetitive reminders that I ordered this dish, or that dish, but I've never had a problem otherwise.
Its cash only and there is usually a line but worth the wait. The best soup dumplings in town!!
Very popular place. Expect 20-30 mins wait. Shanghai Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings) are good but if you're used to the authentic Shanghai Xiao Long Bao from Ding Tai Fung or almost every other restaurant that serves Shanghai cuisine, you will be shocked. These dumplings are almost 3 times the size and the dumpling skin is thicker. I personally prefer the smaller dumplings with delicately thinner dumpling skin. The scallion pancakes are delicious with just the right crisp. Only negative is a bit too greasy.
Lost in New York, we yelped a possible dinner stop before going home. Stellar reviews drew us in, hunger urged us on. The pictures of all the celebrities visiting on the wall made us stay. Still out palettes can be finicky. We ordered the mu shu pork, the house special fried rice and the shrimp in lobster sauce. All were delectable. The rice - flavorful without being overpowering, the shrimp was large and tasty, and the mushu was too much for us, but we had to eat some more. Due to the confusion of our taste buds, i forgot the soup dumplings. These were exquisite. The soup was flavorful and had enough oil to make it surface while eating the meat part. Needless to say, we enjoyed our meal. Albeit it can be a little confusing to find it ( dont confuse it with joe's ginger on the same street), it is though well worth the find.P.S.Cash only! 2 atms available on the main st.
Went there today to see what the hype was about. The famous pork dumplings are great but u def need another order of them. I also got vegetable fried rice and ginger chicken and they were fantastic. The only downside is that the service wasn't wonderful. The waiters were rude and treated customers with very poor hospitality. The restaurant also has a grade of B from the NYC health department.
We walked into this place, and they only accept cash. It was very crowded in there. We had to share the table with someone in a different party. The meal was freshly made, but the flavour was not very strong. The decorations and lighting could be better. The service was average for a busy restaurant. Pros:FoodServiceCons:Decorations Cash only
As a new comer to Chinese food, I give this place a top review. Insanely great soup dumplings, I could eat the whole bowl to myself. I also had the fried dumplings, just as incredible. It's community seating for the most part, so come ready to sit with strangers (probably not a great place for 1st and 2nd dates). Also, be ready to wait outside for at least 15 minutes if coming for dinner. There hasn't been a night of the week I haven't had to wait. It's a top place for soup dumplings! P.S. - bring cash.
I had such high hopes here... but I had kind of a shitty experience. The waiter was your typical rude chinese guy (whatever, used to it) but he kept rushing our table even though it was not very busy. The soup dumplings were not made with love. Half of them stuck and popped as I gently removed them - hell, I was operating like it was heart surgery and they just couldn't make it.
I can't complain or add anything other than the crab meat soup dumplings were "the bomb." This place never disappoints every time I come to JSR! The new hostess was much more professional and courteous. She even said thank you as we walked out the door. It was a nice pleasant surprise.
As a Shanghainese this place is really just A-OK. Can get wayyyyy better stuff for a wayyyyy down price.
Yup, soup dumplings are riiiiiiiiico.I would skip th crab and stick w th pork soup dumplingsU gotta eat .em right away, else they.ll get coldBut believe it or not, even cold they were good and soupySautéed garlic spinach shoots dish was really goodBeef dish w mini fish cakes was good tooOverall they have good seasoned happy woks sizzling flavors for all plates coming outta th kitchenI loved itLoved it allSaucy, good sauceTasty, quickNot that much love from th service but these guys work hard and during rush hr, there's a waitSo take th early bird dinner time slot and beat th crowd Yuuuum.
I had a great experience here.  Found them on yelp and just so happened to be really popular.  Always expect a wait but it is so much worth it and if you have a small party you will be sharing a table with another small party.  A little awkward but it's all part of the experience.  My favorite of the two soup dumpling was the crab.  We will definitely be coming back again.  Let's see how this one compares to San Francisco dumplings.
Came here in June with some friends. The food was okay -- there are a lot of better places in Chinatown. Not sure what all of the hype is about. On the particular night we went, the waiter kept rushing us to leave which was annoying and a bit rude. I understand you want to go home, but the place isn't even closed yet. I understand some people stay past closing and that's a hassle for the staff but it wasn't even closed yet.
It's  good Chinese . The soup dumplings are tasty. All of the usual Chinese dishes you expect. All of it is good. Very crowded but line moves quickly. Slurp up those soup dumplings, and move on. Not much on atmosphere or friendliness.  People still leave happy.
Five stars are for the soup dumpling and the deep fried flounder, both were outstanding. The soup dumpling are really something special!!! The Generals chicken on the other hand was just regular. It's worth enduring the wait to get in, don't ask me how they manage it but the do. Every chair is full every evening, so this means you sitting at tables in a communal way, so be prepared for that, also it's cash only. They average price for dinner is 27 per person so it's not that bad. When yo arrive, go in and give your name and get a ticket. Next you wait patiently out front; table for two maybe 30 minutes, table for four or more might be a bit of a wait.
After all the hype and looking at the pics which looks so good!!! We decided to stop here after visiting the 9/11 memorial!! Walking inside the was a weird smell which made me feel iffy about the place!!! We ordered food pics from photos seen on yelp that looks good!! But once our order came in, we tried the Shanghai flat noodles and it was not as good as what yelpers say!!! The dumpling to me was ok, nothing special!! After ordering so much food, my tummy was not satisfy!! Hate goin into a restaurant and it just didn't hit the spot!! Not only that but u have to share a table w other people so it kinda makes it akward waiting for their food and just stare at us eating!!!
This place is hyped up with a bunch of lo fans, the soup dumplings taste like every other place in fact I had better ones. I went in for dinner on a Thursday night and it was packed with foreigners. I had one of the worst tables, it was near the dish and kitchen utensils, so the waiters keep brushing past me dropping my bag. If you do not like sharing tables, I suggest skipping this place, I had a waiter that kept brushing me because he needs that "open area" to take orders from people in the same table and its annoying. My soup spilled because he knocked my arms over. Not to mention the Lo fans took our tea by accident. The table was so cramped with food.I ordered pork soup dumplings, chicken pan fried noodles, and salt and pepper pork chops. First off the soup dumplings taste like every other places. I like how the soup is flavorful and the skin was chewy. The noodles were okay, I was expecting the yellow version, the noodles in my opinion was very soggy and chewy which I like but it was too fried up. I wouldn't recommend the pork chop b/c it wasn't salt and pepper at all and most of them were fat.
I've been here twice now and love their Xiao long bao both the crab and pork ones. Scallion pan cake is another favorite dish of mine. Avoid weekends or holidays if you don't want to stand in line for hours to get a table. You most of the time will be seated with other strangers so get comfortable.
Everytime I go to NY i always have to stop by. Definitely need to check a few other places out but its sooooo good here. I never really had to wait too long so I cant complain. I always over order and get like 4 plates of soup dumplings betweenn me and my wife but I dont regret it. Get the pork. The other ones are whattever. So good especially when its cold!
I've been here twice. Both decent experiences but the second time the line was way too long. We waited probably 45 mins for seating and I'm not quite sure it's worth. The food was good and the service was fast. I had the pork dumplings which is what they are famous for. It was Delicious but be careful not to burn your tongue!! We shared some scallion pancakes which were really good. My boyfriend had the Singapore chow mei fun dish which was massive. Beware that the serving sizes are for at the least two people maybe even three. The chow fun was not my favorite but it's more because I'm not a fan of the dish in general. We also tried the fried mini buns for dessert. It was just okay. I thought the Dough had a weird after taste. It also came with a side of condensed milk to dip it in. It's a crowded space but it was kinda nice sitting next to other people cause we ended up striking lots of conversation. It also seemed very authentic because there were a lot of locals there even though there were tons of tourists. The prices are VERY good. I was shocked when we got the bill because we were stuffed and tried so much food. I would recommend if your in the area but not sure if I would wait for over 15/20 mins for seating.
Pork soup buns or dumplings were pretty good. That was what everyone was basically getting. That's what they're known for apparently. There was no wait but spaces are small so they sat us down with random people around a table. This is common in New York? Still something to get used to. We ordered the scallion pancakes and the turnip cakes. Liked the scallion more. We had two orders of the dumplings. They were soupy and delicious. They have pics of famous people on their wall that's fun to look at.
I really love the soup dumplings here. They are just freaking awesome. I've tried many dumpling spots all over the five boroughs. I just love all sorts of dumplings from all over the world but I must say this is the best soup Chinese dumplings I've had in years. I've been to this spot more than 3 times and I order just the dumplings. They are super cheap and the juice is just heaven when it pours in my mouth. The only drawback is there is no drawback. I haven't tried any other food here and probably will not because the dumplings are just too good to pass on. I see a lot of people order other food items here but I do t really see t point since the dumplings will just devour your tastebuds!The wait is a little long during peak hours that is around 5-8pm it'll die down after that. But if you are solo or just 2 then it shouldn't be a problem. Groups are freaking hard to get a spot. Love the dumplings....
A great NYC Chinatown pick. Step 1: Go in and get sat down next to some tourists or locals.Step 2: You can look at the menu, but you already know you came here for the xiaolongbao soup dumplings. Take too long and waiters will start offering recommendations and might even order for you. If you ask for a dish that takes 15 min to prepare, alternatives will be suggested. Step 3: Promptly receive your food. Eat dumplings way too fast and burn your mouth. The pain is worth it, because they are pretty good. Some of the dishes you ordered may or may not arrive, but you don't care too much as you are already pretty full.Step 4: Pay, leave, look forward to coming back.
Went with three people and we ordered soup dumplings, beef and broccoli, scallion pancakes, sea bass, and an eggplant dish.Garlic eggplant was delicious as was the beef and broccoli. Totally worth the wait!
A must try soup dumplings place in NYC. After you taste theirs, you won't bothered try testing another place!
Unbelievable steamed crab meat buns!!!! Lots of juicy meat and flavors in them. Reasonable price with friendly staff. Definitely a must goto if you visit NYC.
Not so hot. Pricey and long wait. Servers are hard to understand. Soup dumpling--I had better on the west coast.
How lucky must I be to have come here right when they opened at 11am to find no line at all? My friend and I breezed through the doors and got ourselves a table in a jiffy. Our waiter asked if we needed time to order but clearly we didn't. We came here for one thing, and one thing alone...XIAO LONG BAO aka SOUP DUMPLINGS please! "Crab or pork?", he asks. "One of each", I say. Oh and a cup of rice each for us as well. "Ok!", says our waiter. He was quick and straight to the point. I like it! Meanwhile, people were trickling in and the half empty restaurant we walked into five minutes ago was popping! This was a weekday morning so imagine how crazy crowded this place can be. Note to self: never come on a weekend! So the dumplings finally came. Two baskets stacked right on top of each other. He didn't really specify which one's which. He was gone before I finished saying 'what". So what to do? Taste it and figure it out yourself. Now, you have to be careful eating this. Coming from someone who always burns her tongue when indulging in XLB's, I think I've finally got it down to a science. Well, atleast I'd like to think so. Here's the deal: pick it up with a spoon and chopstick, lay it on the spoon sideways with support from the chopsticks, take a teeny weeny bite to let it breathe and cool a little without spilling some of the soup, then voila!...Pop it in your mouth and let it explode in all its glory and splendor! I will have to say that this is by far, the best XIAO LONG BAO I've had (in the US), to date! Ahhhfreakinmazing!!! The dough in itself has the right consistency, not thick but slippery and sometimes sticky.  The meat is packed and bursting with exquisite flavors. The juice, oh the juice!! It drips at the side of my lips as I try so hard to devour everything in one bite. You see, one dumpling is fairly larger than normal so it takes talent to really fit it all in your mouth. I have yet to master that talent! Which one do I prefer, crab or pork? Honestly, I love both almost equally as they have different taste profiles. However, if you have to pick one to try, get the pork!Each basket came with eight pieces. Because it's really filling, one basket a person is enough. Our rice order was unnecessary as it doesn't go with it...lesson learned. The dumpling is best eaten by itself! Also, it's cash only so come prepared. Only regret I have is not ordering any extra to-go. I was literally rushing to my flight after lunch that by the time I was at the airport, I couldn't stop thinking about how good those dumplings were and how I wanted more! The taste lingered in my mouth for a while but I still dream of it today. Another reason why I love this city!
For someone that is not a big Chinese food eater, this place was amazing!! The soup dumplings were on point! Service was great! Yes, you will not fin a beautifully decorated restaurant. The good speaks for its self! It's a place that I will take my friends and family! Also, the restrooms are not bad! They were clean
The crab/pork XLB (soup dumplings) from Joe's was probably my favorite thing we ate during our trip to NYC. Definitely a 5 star worthy XLB and the best I had anywhere. The XLB was so juicy and flavorful! The crab essence and flavor was prominent and the meat is tender. The skin of the soup dumplings was not particularly thin but was just right to hold up all the juice inside. Highly recommend the crab/pork XLB**We also had the green onion pancake and a plate of seasonal veggies. The green onion pancake is different from what I am used to. The ones here are a bit thicker and super crispy. I liked their version just as much as the thin chewy one I am used to. The veggies were decent. Not super oily nor salty. Missing a bit of "wok-hey."The wait wasn't too bad on a Saturday morning. We got a number and waited ~15 minutes to be seated at a shared round table with 3 other parties. I didn't mind sharing the table and liked that they worked pretty efficient to minimize the wait time.I will definitely make sure to come to Joe's again on my next trip to NYC.
The waiter yelled at me for a bit but I'll forgive because the dumplings were really good 6stars !! Shrimp fried rice was amazing also !! But pan fried noddles were disappointing it was very chewy in the middle. costumer service was ok. Overall 3/5
I never thought I'd have to write a review for soup dumplings but on top of my bad experience, my stomach is in pain, with this being the only place I've eaten today. I know it's cheap food but there's no excuse for stomach pain after eating. Someone in the restaurant gave less of a shit during preparation and now I'm literally hurting because of it.Everything was just DIRTY. Dirty utensils literally had unknown flakes on it. Dirty plates had unknown grime on it. They exchanged it for us with no apologies.. how can you allow spots of dirt to be on your utensils.We got pork and pork/crab soup dumplings, and a beef pan fried noodle.Roughly a third of my soup dumplings weren't even soup dumplings because they stuck to each other when you tried to pull them apart a hole with hear through, and all my soup spilled out before i freaking picked them up off the wood plateHow were your dumplings sir? Frustrating.Pan fried noodles were thick and airy and turned mushy much faster that the thin and dense noodles that I'm used to.I usually get soup dumplings at Shanghai Cafe and I will keep it like that.
DUMPLINGS. I love their dumplings. I tried both pork and crab dumplings, but I like the crab better. Both are excellent, however. My brother got the flounder and it was good as well, but I would get like 3 orders of the dumplings and drown myself in the soup dumpling. Be careful though - the soup dumplings are hot and burned my tongue the first time. The service is okay, but considering the restaurant's business, it's nothing to complain about. This place will be my go to when I'm back in nyc.
Wow, not exaggerating but seriously the worst soup dumpling I've ever had. My husband and I decided to give this place a try on a Saturday night, upon recommendations of a few of our friends. When we checked in, the hostess handed us a ticket with a number, letting us know that it would be a 30 minutes wait. But that turned into almost an hour and a half wait. We ordered both crab and pork, and pork soup dumplings. Honestly, I can deal with the wait usually if the food is really good. But it was inedible. The skin of the dumpling was thin, but it lacked elasticity, and once we picked it up with the tongs, it ripped immediately. The soup inside the dumpling had a starchy aftertaste, which was very unpleasant. If this is the best soup dumpling in New York, that's pretty pathetic. It's definitely a tourist trap, will never recommend this place to anyone.
THE DUMPLINGS!!!! If you go you have to order the dumplings! The noodles were also very good, wasn't a fan of the pork on top of them though. It was a long wait but the food was delicious and worth waiting for.
Skip. Take a flight to SF and have way better dumplings ANYWHERE!Giving one star bc required.Yuck.
Awesome restaurant! The best dumplings I have ever had. I even had the sesame chicken and it was just as good. Definitely recommend this restaurant as a must try!
One of the worst experience I've had at a restaurant. The server was really rude. In the middle of taking our order, he stopped us to seat someone. Had to wait for a couple minutes before he finally came back. He tried for us to get something else on the menu that we did not want and was a much higher price than what we wanted to get. He slammed our food down right in front of us without a care and never came back to ask us if we needed anything else or more water. The guy that handed out change back from our payment stood around behind us probably to see how much tip we were giving. The food wasn't all the great. We just had dumplings and general tso. The general tso was overly cooked. The food was overpriced and poor quality. Would not recommend.
I came here because of all of the hype behind this place, but I don't think it is worth it. We got the crab soup dumplings and the pork soup dumplings. Unfortunately, the soup dumplings lack a lot of flavor and they were a lukewarm when they were brought out. I had to smother them in vinegar to taste anything. I might come back here to try their other dishes, but I will be going to Shanghai Asian Manor down the street next time I am craving soup dumplings.
Come hungry and with cash!  Be prepared to sit at a table and dine with strangers on amazing food. Order the soup dumplings. Really. Order them. Eat them. Love them.
Stopped in one day for lunch... ok, just a TON of dumplings... and man were we stuffed!Decor: While unassuming from the outside it is semi-cramped inside (expect to share a table with one, or two, groups). The actual decor is about what you'd expect from a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. The tables vary in size but the smaller the group the better... - be warned that it does get BUSY during lunch.Bathroom: I didn't use it while there.Staff: Our waiter was very attentive and very quick with taking our orders. He was speedy bringing out our multiple orders of Soup Dumplings and everything arrived at once.Food: We started with the Pork Soup Dumplings (x3) and that is all we had haha. Wow, the Soup Dumplings are OUT OF THIS WORLD FANTASTIC! We knew what we were there for (as I've been to Joe's in mid-town previously) and we enjoyed every bite. I would, however, recommend that if you are ordering multiple orders of dumplings you should do them (at most) two at a time - any more than that and they can cool off by the time you get to them. Oh, and hot tea is complimentary but we had tap water (you have to ask for it) and two Cokes.Value: The prices are not bad and the food is delicious, so you get great value for your money here! P.S. - Cash only!This place is a great spot and the dumplings are worth it alone. I already can't wait to tell others about this place and am already dying to go back!
Amazing pork dumplings. Totally worth the wait. I cannot wait to come back and gorge myself on more soup dumplings. I absolutely love the setup of the restaurant and that you get to sit with other people that are dining there. I was surprised that I actually like to the pork dumplings boiled more than fried and I preferred them to the soup dumplings even though they were also extremely good. I am dreaming in dumplings now!
I can see the charm. It is a classic Chinese joint in the city. The soup dumplings are great but not incredible. Nan Xiang has a +1 on these. But if you've never had them, then get here and try them. It's definitely a must try once spot but I'd leave it at that. The service was cumbersome. We were quoted 25 minutes and were seated an hour later. Cmon guys... As for the rest of the dishes, I hate to say that you should order the General Tso's or Sesame chicken but honestly, that's probably what you should do. There's nothing traditional about the menu options. I guess that's what they're all about; being the go to spot that caters to those who think that fried chicken nuggets covered in a spicy, sweet sauce is authentic. Whatever, who am I kidding, the Sesame chicken WAS delicious.
Dumplings where ok and the noodles were pretty good. The place seems a little dirty and the service is not that great. Doubt that I'll ever come back. BTW, this is cash only but there is a Chase a block away.
It's good if you don't have to wait long for a table.  We came when they first opened, and ended up having to share a table with 2 other parties.  Always find that awkward -- and not sure the food hype really justified the compromised experience of having to sit with a bunch of strangers.  Cash only (of course, it's Chinatown) so be prepared.
My experience here was comical at best. The service was so bad that it was funny haha.  Good thing was that we were seated right away (came at about 4 pm on a weekday), but the server also wanted to take our order right away (can I at least open the menu first?!!?) what had us cracking up was that ... I don't know If it's all menus or just ours .. Was that the most frequently ordered items (ie the soup dumplings) were already circled in the menu! So he kept pointing to those saying.. "Ok 2 order ok?" Haha.. I asked him if we could have a second to look at the menu.. And he basically used a scare tactic on us by telling us that they take 15 mins to make!! Needless to say it worked and we went ahead and ordered the pork soup dumplings (since he was right.. That is exactly what we came for ) Much to our surprise the dumplings came in about 5 minutes! (What happened to the 15 minutes ?!) hehe.  Dumplings were definitely tasty... Good thing we were laughing the whole time since we barely noticed the severs watching over us like Hawks so that they could take our plates as soon as we put our spoons down haha. This time to no ones surprise we got our bill instantaneously.. Ok ok you want us out!! Now I know why they already add tip ;) To make a long story short: Cash only Prepare to be rushed Gratuity included in the bill Come around 4 pm to avoid a wait!
This place is ridiculous.  Great soup dumplings, great staff, well priced, delicious food. Always meet great people at the shared tables.  This is a must stop for me in New York
Pork buns are one of my favorite foods ever and I like to think myself somewhat of a connoisseur. I've been to Shanghai and had soup dumplings there so my expectations for this place was high. The soup dumplings unfortunately did not live up to the hype in my opinion. The long wait times, apathetic wait staff and noisy, stifling dining room is not worth it for the sub-par food. Food: I had one order of the pork soup dumplings with crab and one order without crab. Although the dumplings themselves had great flavor, only about half had actual soup still inside. We had to send a batch back because all the dumplings were completely dry. The second batch came out better, but I still didn't get the hot outpour of soup from the dumpling that I expect. Service: As with most authentic Chinese restaurants, the service is abysmal. I am not deterred by this if the food is worth it. The restaurant is very efficient with its tiny dining area by having you order the dumplings right as you sit down. The dumplings come very fast and you munch on it while ordering other dishes if you like. Having to share a huge dining table with multiple other parties, the experience overall was hectic and unsatisfying. I hope this was just an off day for them and the next time I crave soup dumplings, I may try it again.
Soup dumplings and their lo mein is some of the best i have ever had.  Be prepared for a line though!
Oh heavenly soup dumplings.... it was quick amazing and everything you hope for in an authentic New York Chinese spot. Luckily for us we didn't have to wait and we sat next to some Chinese people who helped us order. Can't wait to visit NYC again and stop by Joe's!
How have I never written a review on JS?! As soon as you sit down, order soup dumplings...that's all you need to know.
Service sucks so baddest. But the Xiao long bao is so worth it haha. I'm in love with the crab soup ones. They're delicious. Also on the menu are the delicious Stir fried shanghai rice cakes and that cold sweet fish that I love. I had the buns in a Hong Kong restaurant and they still don't taste as good.
Delicious soup dumplings and wonderful family vibe throughout the restaurant! Worth the wait and not too heavy on the wallet for delicious food with great portions!
This place has some of the best Chinese food in Chinatown in my opinion. My friend and I came here on a Tuesday night, which is the best time to go for that it's pretty empty. We got a table to ourselves which was a plus because it came to my attention that people do have to share their table with strangers sometimes depending on where you sit. We ordered the scallion pancakes (which are to die for) the infamous soupy dumplings, which I freaking loved, general tso chicken that was okay, rice, and the braised pork shoulder. The pork shoulder was pretty good, but also pretty expensive. I definitely plan on returning to this place, but only during the week so I don't have to end up standing on a line for god knows how long.
Food was outstanding. Met my satisfaction. I was seated with other people because I went by myself but I didn't mind. They were really friendly and welcoming.
Xiao Long Bao, Biaaaa! I've had most of the items on this menu, and it's nothing that stands out or amazes me. However, the soup dumplings- GOT DAMN. Be prepared to share a communal table with random strangers, there's not intimacy here. Just good food. So places like this means to eat good food, pay for cheap meal, and get the fuck out. Don't complain, Jeremy Lin on the wall says so.There is no wrong way to eat, it. Drizzle it, soak it, whatever tickles your fancy. This isn't Shanghai here and you're not getting graded on authenticity of Chinese manners. Just don't be like the Anglos in here fucking it up with a fork and dropping the soup all over the table. Wait for it to cool off, otherwise you might just drop the dumpling back in the soy sauce with a big splash. Steph Curry with the shot boy!
Joe's Shanghai is delicious perfection of soup dumplings. Why you would order anything else is beyond me. If you are looking for great non-soup dumplings, try Vanessa's or Prosperity you fools!On to the dumplings! A steaming hot perfect crab soup dumpling will put you in heaven, especially in the winter! (though I've had Joe's in the humid heavy heat of NY in July and they were still amazing). Order the CRAB dumplings over the simple pork. Even if you don't love pure crab, there's something about the crab flavor that creates a rich meatiness in the dumpling broth!NOTES: There are shared tables (yes, you may sit next to a stranger) and you WILL have to speak up if you need something (extra sauce, etc).
This place is always crowded. Loaded with hipsters and some Chinese. If you're looking for XLB(Xiao long bao) in Manhattan this will most likely be your best option.Is it the best XLB? No. It's not Din Tai Fung (when are you opening one in NY?) but it ain't bad. They have American Chinese food like General Tso chicken- I had it the first time here with friends while sharing a table with a lazy Susan with a bunch of teenage upper east side kids.. On a food culture trip... It ain't bad.The service is horrible. Feed you. Check and pay! That's basically it. Beware of sour puss face waiters, they love their job so much that when they forgot your meal and you ask them about it- that 10 mins takes over an hour!
3.5 stars is more accurate.  XLB is 5 stars, everything else is 3 stars.  I was pleasantly surprised how good the service is; I'm used to Chinese/Asian restaurants service where they serve you food, and leave you alone for the rest of the meal.  Having said that, I'll give it a 4.A small restaurant in Chinatown.  This place is famous for the XLB or soup dumplings.  I'll admit, the soup dumplings blew my socks off, easily the top 3 best XLB/Soup dumplings I've had.  However the rest of the food here is whatever. Stuff that's good, 5/5-Pork XLB.  Order lots of these!Stuff that's above average, 3.5 or 4/5-Onion Pancake (Taiwanese pancake)-Cold chicken appetizer plateStuff that's average, 3/5-Taiwanese beef noodle soup - watered down.-Beef Shanghai noodles (stir fry noodles) - standard.TIPS:-Can get crowded.  Arrive early.-If you have a small party you might share a table w/ strangers.
We were craving good Chinese food, so we came here, based on "word of mouth." It was OK, but it needed to be better. Food was plentiful, yet bland. No particular difference between the dishes that were marked spicy and the ones that were not. I was looking for flavor, and I didn't get it.
The dimsum is so-so. It's good, but definitely not the best.Don't be a tourist, and try to order something other than the dimsum.The orange beef is my favorite dish at this restaurant. It's super crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.The restaurant almost ALWAYS has a wait list, so be prepared to wait anywhere from 30 minutes to over an hour.Highly recommend
You would think with all of the reviews this place would be better. It's just ok...you do sit at large table with other people and it's busy so you feel super rushed the whole time. In my opinion this place is overrete
As a soup dumpling lover I've been to all three Joe's Shanghai locations- midtown, Chinatown and flushing. I will never return to this location, perhaps even all of them, due to poor customer service here. I walked up to the two hostesses and BOTH of them were preoccupied with playing with their nails. I had to greet them and asked them for a table for 2. Still playing with their nails and not making any eye contact, they told me there's a 60 minute wait. Their soup dumplings are mediocre, so is everything else on the menu. There are much better soup dumplings in close proximity with much better service. Don't let the high ratings fool you.
Wow those steamed pork dumplings for real good!! The real charm of the place is the quality of the food for the price. My friends and I were full to the brim and content and only for $10 each! Will definitely be coming back even though that wait is killer.
Best Chinese food in nyc!Prices are very affordable!  For dinner tried try the fried beef,  omg!  Who thought fried beef could be so delectable? Been here many times!   Worth the long walk, cabs don't like to stop in China town!
WOW! The Soup Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) was amazingly delicious!  We had the crab meat xiao long bao that were filled with mixed crab and pork meat in very fresh tasty soup inside 'em small steamed buns!  On a cold weather day, those steamed buns were totally a life saver that made me day!  Prices were reasonable; about 9 bucks for an order of 8 steamed buns. Good bang for the buck, wasn't it?  We also had the Shanghai fried noodles, which to me, was just like yaki udon in heavy soy sauce; not bad though!  The Lion's Head, or stewed pork meat balls, were my favorite; meaty, soft and flavorful!  The chilled pork kidney appetizer was really good; the pork kidney was thinly sliced and had a good texture (not too hard/ chewy or too soft/ mushy).  Sour Soup was just standard, and the shredded eel with yellow chives was A-ok.  The off-menu fried soft-shell crabs came in huge portion size, for about 22 bucks, was my mother-in-law's excitement for the money spent; she loved 'em exoskeleton-free fried goodness.  This place was totally worth the 30-minute wait time, and I surely would come back!
3.5 StarsSome of the dishes at Joe's Shanghai are pretty good and others I would get somewhere else. I liked the minced chicken corn soup, it was a very simple blend of corn kernels,
Didn't get a chance to dine in but I did take out their famous soup dumplings. I ordered the crab and pork soup dumplings and tofu and vegetable stirfry. The dumpling is out of this world! It's extremely hot so let it cool down for a good 30 minutes. When you bite into it, you get a burst of the savory broth and the meat is soft and melts in your mouth. I Will definitely be back! I don't know if you can make reservations but there was a long wait.
We ventured into Chinatown and headed to Joes after a friend recommended.  The dumplings were absolutely amazing.  We did share a table but it was part of the experience and we totally didn't mind.  It was busy but very short wait.  Wish I could take some home with me!  I'm sure I won't be able to find anything like that at home!  Must try.
Come here ready for a fun chaotic experience in the center of Chinatown with the most delicious soup dumplings.  It's really just chaos when you walk in.  The place is small and so busy, but at the same time surprisingly efficient. When you get your number tab, don't wander too far because they call you within 20 mins. After waiting in at least three separate and narrow queues, you get seated at large tables with other patrons, which for us worked out so well!! Everyone was having a great time and making new friends in unexpected places is a true NYC experience. I recommend getting the crab/pork soup dumplings (aaaahhhmazing) but to skip the scallion pancake(it was so oily and not much flavor)Also got to sample other foods at the table, the eggplant was delicious (roasted in a sweet chili sauce) and the noodles, duck, and Kung pao chicken were pretty good. Enjoy! I can't wait to return. Such a fun time. Caveat: this may not be for everyone. If you want a quiet dinner or get very angered by hectic places and loud yelling hostesses stay away from here.
Joe's Shanghai has been one of the most celebrated Shanghainese offerings for years. While they do all the traditional dishes, soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and rice cakes, they certainly have gotten greasier over the years! Still, there are regular lines out the door and down Pell Street, so much tourist demand that Joe's Ginger exists a few doors down and probably just gets some overflow because of the name Joe's... There is better Shanghainese food (see my 456 review) to be had without the same excessive waits.
We came for one thing and one thing only. Soup dumplings! Boy did they not disappoint. The broth was fantastic and the pork full of flavor.
It doesn't  even deserve an one star. Worst place I ever been to. They charge you a 15% service for being mean and rude. I heard everyone said this is a must go place when you visit NY Chinatown for dumplings "Xiao long bao". The dumplings is just average. I had better. It's not worth it unless you want to be treated like dirt. Talked to the manager and she said oh cash only. WTH.
Admitting upfront: I can't help but feel like this review is premature.I went with my girlfriend and we got only two things: the soup filled dumplings and the sesame chicken. I wasn't in the mood for the chicken, but I have a problem with pretty girls, so...Anyway, the soup dumplings were amazing.  All that juicy, umami, salty, greasy flavor is absolutely spectacular.  Eat 'em with a spoon though, they tend to squirt.The sesame chicken (which, admittedly, I was not in the mood for) was just "aight".  Totally run-of-the-mill stuff, but at least one of the pieces didn't seem cooked all the way.  The rice (which should have come with it, but required us to ask for it--no big deal though, it was a total madhouse when we were eating) was really really good though, oddly enough.  Never have really been impressed with Chinese rice before.So yeah, given the popularity of this place, I'll admit that my stars probably aren't the most authoritative, and that I'll have to come back to get the real skinny on this joint.
Describing Joe's Shanghai as "magnificent" is an understatement. My brother ordered our meal, which consisted of pork steamed dumplings (pictured), string beans, fried rice & pork, and general tso's chicken. Each dish brought a distinct set of flavor that simply can't be replicated. 5/5 stars.
Typical Chinese restaurant but this one is super busy! & you get seated with others if your party is not big enough. Eating here, I felt like I was being rushed to eat by the workers when they kept asking over & over again "are you done? Are you done?" We ordered:-2 XLB (1 pork, 1 crab)-chow mien -fried rice The XLB came out really fast & they were HUGE. Normally they would but bite size that would fit perfectly on the soup spoon. I'm not complaining about getting more for bang for my buck but I would say it was pretty difficult to eat since it's bigger than my spoon, the soul fell everywhere. The dumplings were hard to pick up as well. They immediately broke on the bottom because it got stuck to the bottom of the container it was in. Which was really annoying. I never had XLB that would break so easily! I think it might've been over cooked. It wasn't like that with all but mostly half of them we had to eat it without the soup because they broke. It also had way too much cabbage on the bottom which got stuck to the dumplings & I wasn't too crazy of it. It seemed like they rushed cooking these. Nonetheless, it was still good (especially the crab one!) but way too messy to eat here. Hopefully I just came on a bad day & it's not always like this. I'm pretty sure we ordered the wrong fried rice because when we got it, it looked too brown & dry. The fried rice looked like it was from the fast food Chinese to-go places. It wasn't good at all. Although, we tried the Shanghai friend rice & it was a lot better! Definitely be specific next time because I didn't know they had multiple versions of fried rice.The chow mien we had was with udon type noodles. We're use to having it with ho fun noodles but they didn't have it. It was good but it lacked some flavor, but I added some hot sauce & it made it better.
I had hear lots of buzz about Joe's Shanghai, and needed to check it out for myself. We came for lunch on a Saturday and there was about a 20 minute wait. You are given a ticket with a number on it and can grab a seat or stand outside. It being a winter day, this was not the not pleasant thing but it went by fast. We were a party of four and seated at an eight person table, so we joined some other restaurant goers mid meal. We definitely ordered way too much food, but it all sounded so good and we wanted to give everything a try! The main reason to come to Joe's is for the Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings). They come with eight to an order, which is a pretty good amount for sharing. We started with this and they were delicious! The soup inside was rich in flavor, and the the pork was great too. We also started off with an order of Scallion pancakes, Shanghai Noodle Soup, and Shanghai Chives & Shrimp with Meat Wonton in Broth (wonton soup on appetizer page). The Scallion Pancake was delicious, I had never tried one before though so I don't have much to compare it to. The Wonton Soup was definitely my favorite of the two soups. The noodles in the Shanghai were much thicker than I had expected. For our main meal we shared the Sliced Chicken with Black Mushrooms and Bamboo Shoots and Shrimp Fried Rice. I was not the biggest fan of the sauce on the chicken, but it was cooked well and came with plenty of food. The Shrimp Fried Rice was delicious, just like your typical fried rice. Definitely beware when ordering when your eyes! We had tons of food to take home. Overall, great meal though!
I love me some Xiao Long Bao (XLB)! Was so excited to try this, it was the first thing I ate when I landed in New York. Got the pork xlb, pork and crab xlb, and scallion pancake. They were all delicious! They're much larger than normal but in my opinion, the more the better. I also love how there is a lot of soup in the dumplings. The worst is when they're dry! Just FYI, on the menu, they don't call it juicy dumplings or xiao long bao. That confused me at first because I didn't want to end up with regular dumplings. They just call them as dumplings instead under the appetizer section. Usually there is a really long wait but I didn't have to wait at all. I went around 12pm on a Thursday.  They also make you share a table with other people so that could make some people uncomfortable. The walls also have photos of all the celebrities who have been there. It's a must go spot!
This place was crazy busy when we came in. Of course we weren't surprised, it was definitely a tourist spot within Chinatown. We had a party of 4 and waited about 30 minutes. It's kind of communal sitting, where they fill up any empty seat they have at their many tables. For example, we had maybe 3 separate parties at our table. Service was not the best, but I was very impressed with their efficiency, considering the sheer amount of customers AND workers there. They seem very disorganized but they have their own system that definitely works. You don't have just one waiter, but multiple can come up at a time to help. It's very loud inside so maybe not the best place for a first date!We ordered 2 orders of pork xiao long bao and they were really good!!! They looked pretty messy but you can't deny their taste! We also ordered hot and sour soup, beef and broccoli, and some seafood dish I can't remember. Everything was just really good typical Chinese food!! Although the hot and sour soup had these chunks of chicken (I think) in which I did not care for. They were too tough. The place wasn't the cleanest either, but then again, with the amount of traffic coming in and out I don't blame them. They do what they can and you can tell they would much rather get customers in and out than spend their time making sure the restaurant is presentable. Maybe other locations aren't quite as crowded, so if I visit NYC again I'll definitely pay them a visit!Also they are cash only!!!
I'm Chinese and eat Shanghai food every month and I don't understand how this restaurant even get 4 stars.The soup dumplings was horrible the meat inside is marinated with too much soy sauce. It should not taste like this!!
While in NYC....you must eat here! It's dirty, the servers are not the most pleasant.....but the food, the food! Start with some soup dumplings, you can thank me later!The negative is you will probably have to wait in line with everyone else....but there is a reason it's the only restaurant in Chinatown with people waiting outside....did I mention the food?!
Tables are cramped in, service was absolutely disgraceful , signature dumplings were a 2/10 compared to Shanghai in melbourne. I recommend giving this place a miss
One of the better dim sum places in manhattan if you can't make it out to queens. It gets crowded on weekends at all times with long wait times so if you have a large group you will have to wait if you go at peak hours. We always get a large variety of dishes and always leave full !
3.5 stars: their soup dumplings are okay, nothing spectacular. The first review I read was a huge turnoff - sanitation of the restaurant is a C. But what should we be expecting from a Chinese restaurant, right? Onto their soup dumplings... it's just regular soup dumplings. The skin is not as rigid or dry as other soup dumplings I've tried before which deserves a thumbs up. The crab soup dumplings were pretty fishy and the regular pork soup dumplings tasted mediocre. Along with their soup dumplings, we ordered eggplant and fried dumplings. I don't recommend the eggplant. The exterior was flavorful but when you chewed on it, the garlic flavor was gone and you're left with plain eggplant taste. Fried dumplings are also mediocre. Not sure why Joe's Shanghai has over 4k reviews. I'm guessing it was one of the few soup dumpling restaurant to open up back in the days. If you're really in the mood of soup dumplings and want the most of out your money then come here. Otherwise, there are better options.
I highly recommend this place for its authentic food and good service. Don't let the tightness of the place be a bother. Just be a part of the celebration of the Shanghai's best.
They take cash only. They turn tables quickly because they want you to eat, pay and leave. They also seat you with strangers. My favorite are the pork soup dumplings and the beef noddle soup. The beef noddle soup is flavorful and has a deep and refreshing hot broth. I do wish they gave me more broth. I highly recommend this place for cheap and good eats.
We stopped at Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown for a quick dinner before heading home after an exhausting day in downtown NYC! As usual the place is packed but we were able to grab a table on the second floor.  The service is diligent and quick and the food is always fresh and delicious!  After having spent the entire day enjoying different small plates in various places in Little Italy where we joined the celebration of the Saint Genaro Feast, we kept our dinner selection light.  My husband and I shared the combination Pork and Crab Soup Steamed Dumplings and Crispy Shrimp dish as the Entrée served with white rice.  Steamed soup dumpling is the signature dish at this restaurant and I concur!  They are light pillows of dough with a tasty meaty filling enveloped in a liquid sauce which characterizes the dish..  Delightful!  I can make a meal just of these!!!  I do prefer the pork dumplings to the crab ones, though... but they are both great!!!  The shrimp dish turned out to be in a spicy semi-sweet garlicky sauce which went absolutely well with the white rice.  This restaurant never disappoints!  When you are in the area and in the mood for great steamed soup dumplings do not hesitate to give Joe's Shanghai a try!
Joes Shanghai has some of the best soup dumplings in NY! Their shanghai fried rice (requested to add more soy sauce) is so good too. Love at the end of the meal they give you a lot of oranges and a nice warm red bean drink which is super tasty. Just beware they automatically add a 15% tip to your bill.
Joe's Shanghai has some of the best soup dumplings I've ever eaten! They are bigger dumplings and come out hot and steaming. I would recommend the pork dumplings. Also, be sure to check out some of the cool dessert places in the area!Tip: Be prepared to order quickly & pay cash!
Amazing family style restaurant. Ordered the dumplings and I would say don't order anything else because they are sooooo goood.... but ended up ordering the pork shoulder which was so juicy and the garlic shrimp and scallops was amazing. Fried rice the best I've ever had.  They are always super busy so don't let the crowd or line turn you off. You will not wait long, I promise. CASH ONLY....(that's the only downside) but would eat there everyday if I lived in Chinatown. Very well priced, almost blown away at how cheap they are.
We ordered a bunch of food but everything besides the soup dumplings were disappointing. 烤麸 was okay. Soup dumplings were great. Shanghai stir fried noodles were so so. Braised port with pickles was very disappointing - full of soy sauce and nothing else. Not flavorful and weirdly sweet. Service was bad the servers ignored us several times and when I asked about their specialties and recommendations the guy seemed very annoyed and impatient. Well they don't do tips maybe that's the cause but I would still expect any servers to be kind to customers.
Wow great food The crab and pork dumplings were amazing The scallion pork was excellent Shared a table with a local
It was cold AF waiting outside for 45 minutes with my group of 5 (smaller groups = shorter wait), but their soupy dumplings (XLB) were worth it. These dumplings require some finesse to get on a spoon but they fit just right and their skin's so thin that sometimes there's breakage- oops! There are 2 versions - pork and pork/crab- each awesome in their own way. The dipping sauce is a must! Spoon it on, then slurpy slurp slurp!Their Scallion Pancakes are dabomb dot com! I could eat these all day, grease and all. Their Pan Fried Noodles use a thicker white noodle vs. the more usual egg noodle, and they end up super crispy on the edges. It was interesting, but I personally prefer the more common kind. Then their Cold Sesame Noodles and Fried Rice were pretty good but next time, I'm just gonna load up on the XLB and some scallion pancakes. These are so precious!!!
The BEST SOUP DUMPLINGS in New York is at Joe's Shanghai. We had to wait about 40 minutes but it was well worth the wait! They really don't waste any table space, let me tell you that! Be ready to share your round table with strangers! But luckily the strangers we sat next to were so nice! My boyfriend was HANGRY and starving and this lovely lady next to him could totally TELL... LOL and so she even offered her dumplings to my boyfriend to curb his appetite before we got our food, and in turn we offered her some of our food when it came out as well. I had two of the cute personal sakes. It's lid is actually the shot glass! How convenient is that!We had like 3 orders of the XLB or Xiao Long Bao (SO GOOD, SO STEAMY, SO JUICY) I really do miss them already and can't wait to come back here on my next New York Trip!
Came here for the soup dumplings...yummy!! This place is small...coming from Texas I didn't expect to share a table with complete strangers lol they will seat you at a round table with strangers because space is limited. So if you don't mind hearing personal conversations and drooling over your neighbor's entrees then this works for u! If you're seated at a quiet table with strangers enjoy that awkward silence and avoiding eye contact lol
When you walk into the restaurant tucked away in a Chinatown alley, you'll immediately be greeted by a newspaper article on the door proclaiming "Joe's" to be the best soup dumplings in NYC. Soup dumplings have a special place in my memory and I've had a lot of it. Under the urging of my bf, I went to Joe's to see for myself and put their soup dumplings to the test.The standard to which I compare Joe's dumplings is that of Ding Tai Fung, the 1 Michelin star rated international soup dumpling restaurant chain. While Ding Tai Fung has hands down the best soup dumplings wrappers I have yet to taste, its filling is lackluster. Their dumplings have soup, but the soup lacks depth in flavor and richness. In contrast, Joe's filling is the star feature of their dumplings. The wrapper is not what carries Joe's dumplings, but the filling. In terms of size, Joe's dumplings are about twice as large as that of Ding Tai Fung. Each piece has a meaty and juicy filling. The soup is rich and hearty with each slurp to last for days. Because of this, it's more akin to soup buns. Having tried both the pork and crab filling at Joe's, I definitely prefer Joe's crab dumplings. Both are delicious and are much more juicy than Ding Tai Ding dumplings, but the crab filling at Joe's is the most delicious. You can literally see the generous mix of crab meat in the filling along with the yellowish juice of the crab roe with each bite. Definitely choose the crab dumplings to try if you are debating between the two.In conclusion, Joe's has the better filling, but if Joe's and Ding Tai Fung's dumplings were to ever have a baby, that would be a formidable combination...
Overrated. We were visiting new york and decided we must make a stop here when we saw the raving reviews. Maybe I've been spoiled by the juicy, soup-full-of-flavor dumpings in san francisco. So when I took a bite of the dumping, I was left with major disappointment. Where was the soup? Did my dumpling pop? Nope. That was just how much soup it came with.Also, i was not impressed with my $15 plate of green veggies that was more expensive than anything else on the bill. This dish was recommended my the server.If you are visiting, go else where. Not worth wasting time to stop by.
I heard so many good things about Joe's shanghai dumplings, but it didn't live up to the hype. I had the crab and pork dumplings. The crab was definitely better than the pork. Their sesame pancakes were good, but a little too oily. I think din tai fung dumplings in LA are better.
Horrible experience. 5:30 on a wednesday and it's packed. The servers work on an assembly line and treat you as if your chair's sitting on it.Their focus is on getting you out. Asses on my shoulders as they place the plates down, arms reaching  across my head and face.Had shredded pork with bean curd and jalopenos - flavorless, it was disgusting. My friend had the orange beef with broccoli that actually tasted ok while there but 2 hours later in turned into shrunken brown pieces of sweet dough-paste.There's no need for me to ever go back. So many restaurants in the area have stepped their game up so bye Joe's Shanghai.What a freaking illusion. Love,Nicole fromgetunstucknyc.com
Haven't had this for 10+ years.  And I thought Asian manor is good but this place is still the best.   Not just the xiaolongbao. But everything else on the menu.  Just make sure you come to this Joe's shanghai and not the other one in midtown.
Having grown up in LA, I've had more than my fair share of Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings) and Shanghainese food. I was really disappointed and expected more from this place considering the crowd and the reviews! Came here on a Friday night around 8pm. Huge crowd outside the door with a 40 minute wait time. Luckily for a party of 2, it was a little faster so we got in within 20-30 minutes. Like the other reviews have mentioned, smaller parties get put into communal tables. We had an order of xiao long bao, scallion pancake and pan fried noodles with chicken. The dumplings were good but definitely not the best I've had (If you're ever in LA you need to go to Din Tai Fung). The scallion pancakes were probably the best thing. The pan fried noodles were not at all what I was expecting and it ended up taking 20 minutes AFTER we had finished the dumplings for them to come out. Not surprising the service wasn't great (based on other reviews we didn't expect it to be) and the place was dirty and cramped. I'm not picky on locale so long as the food is authentic. This place is decent BUT definitely overrated. I would consider going back but not until after I've tried a few other place to decide if it really is "the best in the city."Don't forget: cash only!
Joe's is my favorite Shanghai dumpling place in the world. Yes, the WORLD. There are so many options is NY, LA and around the world, but I still think Joe's the best (many of my friends would disagree). I like their savory broth and the thick skin - there's a lot of flavor while slurping and some chew to the skin. Crab better than pork. Their chicken pan fried noodle rocks- love the sauce that's melted over the chewy and crunchy noodles. They also kickass in more "Chinese" dishes such as the braised whole prawns and the Szechuan beef with bean curd. It's definitely touristy, but worth it. I'd rather wait an extra 30-45min than to settle for just good enough. Life is short; eat well, don't settle. What I usually order in order of how big the party is: 1) Crab soup dumpling2) Pork soup dumpling3) Sauteed string beans4) Chicken pan fried noodle5) braised whole prawn6) Szechuan beef with tofu***NOTE: tip is already included in the total bill, so DO NOT ADD EXTRA TIP (unless u really want to, of course).
What can I say that 3,218 other Yelpers haven't said already? How about thank God/dess for jury duty for bringing me to Chinatown to finally sample the many treats of this crowded, labyrinthine 'hood. Joe's had a short line, a cranky but efficient line management system, and fine enough service. You don't come here for the decor. Pork and crab soup dumplings are awesome, hot and steamy with great flavor. Scallion pancakes were solid as well. Nothing fancy, just decent food and that's good enough!
Yummy soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai. We ordered two regular pork and two crab soup dumplings. All were perfectly cooked and so tasty. The place was packed you should always be prepared to sit with strangers. The service was spotty but it didn't matter everything you need is brought to you as soon as you sit. This restaurant only accepts cash so be prepared to bring some.
When I told my friends I was coming to NY, many of them told me I had to come to Joe's Shanghai and I must say the restaurant did not disappoint.The restaurant is serious about seating its customers so while it may be strange to be seated with another party at a round table, just roll with it.I got 2 orders of their pork soup dumpling which were amazing! I ate all 16 by myself.We also got the shanghai chow mein noodles and told them to add less oil. The noodles were still pretty greasy but tasted yummy.*Note this place is cash only so don't forget! Also don't forget to check out all the famous people on the wall.
I'd say the only good thing abt this place is the soup dumplins, everything on the menu can be found at your local chinese restaurant across the street. The service is very rushed because they are busy. Also, I came here many times with my buddy and were told to wait 15 minutes.. which is fine, until the host allowed another group of 3 people who just arrived to get seats. What can I say it's a business, but it's also not good to lie to your customers. Regardless, the 15 mins turned into 35 mins, we ate and felt satisfied mostly because we were just hungry and wanted to get something in our stomachs. Will not be going back.
This place had lines at 2:30 in the afternoon. It is cash only and you sit in communal tables. There is no ambiance whatsoever, it's not for a romantic date but if you want excellent pork soup dumpling then this is the place. We also ordered the shrimp noodle soup that had a really good flavor but the scallion pancake was a let down. I forgot to mention that this place have very inexpensive food for NY standards. The service is fast but don't expect friendly. There is only one bathroom each for men and women and it is not very nice but you don't come here for nice bathrooms or ambience. You can definitely believe the hype.
Such a family style type place but you don't mind sharing a table with whomever after you start chomping on those magnificent dumplings. Yum.
If you eat mcdonalds definitely go here. If you want food that is made with love go to master bao. My last night in NYC was ruined because of the hype. I should know better
This is definitely not Din Tai Fung. Nor was it even close or similar to the DTF in Taiwan. I will give them props for being better than the DTF in Bellevue (Seattle suburb) since that one was horrendous. We stumbled across this location while we were wandering around Chinatown and noticed a line out the door. Any place with a line = I will stop and see what it's about. Lucklily for some odd reason there was only a 10 minute wait at noon on a random Saturday. Lunch #1 for me (after 3 Breakfasts that same morning). We sat down and ended up sharing a table with a really nice touristy couple. We ordered the crab XLB and the standard XLB.Good amount of soupy broth but the meat and soup wasn't as savory as DTF in Arcadia or Taipei. The skins weren't as thin as I liked them but they were done pretty well for XLB options stateside. Solid 3 stars!
Just so you know this is a family style restaurant so you're sitting at a large round table with a bunch of people you don't know. In my case 5 other people that did not speak English which made for an interesting dynamic. This place seems constantly busy so make sure you have plenty of time and plan on a wait.The Pork Buns seem to be the appetizer/meal of choice here. I did not much care for them not that they were bad just a texture issue. However, the 5 other people at my table ate 4 orders (32) of them so take that for what you will.The Kung Pao Chicken was bland and just tasted like bell pepper not much flavor at all.Then since this was my first time in Chinatown I went with a true safe pick Sesame Pick. It was delicious something I would definitely eat again.
I hate when I am hyped up about a restaurant and go to find out the food is blan and just sucks
I love this place over din tai fung. There's a hustle and bustle to this restaurant. Just be prepared to feel claustrophobic Food is great!!!! Definitely recommend the soup dumplings. They need to franchise this place!!!!!
I never knew soup dumplings were this good!!! There's a nice family style vibe there and the wait wasn't too long. Definitely a stop whenever my wife and I are on Chinatown!
The food here was stellar and the xiao long bao (XLB) was soupier and, I felt, at least, more substantial and more savory than what I've had at Mama Lu's and Din Tai Fung back in California. The rest of the dishes  -- yang chow fried rice, kung pao chicken, spicy Szechuan beef, and fried squid -- were great but when I come back I'll just get a ton of the XLB. Our waiter was kinda off-putting though. But if the XLB is always like that... then I can live with it!
My favorite shanghai soup dumpling in nyc.  The crab and pork soup dumplings have a perfect balance of skin thinness, soup volume, soup richness (seafood sweetness), and substantive pork.For beginners, either clamp or chopstick the tip at the top and place on to your spoon.  Bite a hole to the top or side, slurp the soup slowly, then eat the rest of it.  If you try to just pop it in your mouth, you will likely burn your tongue.  If they've been sitting for 5-10 minutes, then you can probably just pop them in your mouth without slurping the soup first, without worrying about burning.Besides the dumplings, which I'll usually get 2 orders of 8 each, try the shanghai thick fried noodles, the seafood thick fried noodles, drunken chicken, and pork cutlet soup noodles.As a minor dessert, red bean fried pancake.Also, another Chinatown place that is quick, not rude, just quick.  They're not kicking you out, they're just trying to turn over as much as they can, don't take it the wrong way - but also don't try to take forever.  This isn't a 2-3 hr dinner date place.
All the appetizers I've tried here are terrific, especially the soup dumplings, the BBQ Peking duck egg rolls, the fried pork dumplings, the steamed pork buns, and the scallion pancakes. The eggplant and broccoli dishes are also excellent, while the noodle and rice dishes are somewhat less exciting. Potential downsides include the no-frills service, closely gathered tables, and cash-only payment, but those aren't enough to keep me from making repeat visits.
Ok I hate to repeat what others have said, but this place is awesome. Hands down, best Chinese food I've ever had. I had the beef and broccoli and my buddy ordered the chicken fried rice and a spring roll. Ah-maze-ing. The food comes out quick and is piping hot. But have your cash ready, they don't take credit or debit; keeping the earnings off of the books (#iaintmadatem). I would've taken a pic of our food but I didn't want to look basic.
What else can I say that hasn't been said already? Go for NYC's best soup dumplings!! Joe's is always packed. It doesn't matter if it's dinnertime during the week or lunch on Saturday afternoon: there will be a wait. Also be ready to be sit down family style with complete strangers at large round tables.  Only makes the experience better.  Service is pretty quick. The longest thing you would have to wait for is to sit down.  I've never had an issue with the servers; they've always been pretty quick. Just a reminder, they are CASH ONLY. Prices are pretty cheap. They also have an extensive menu with other Chinese items, but I tend to stick to the dumplings only. There are two types of soup dumplings: pork or crab. Personally, I can't decide which one is better so I get both. Each bamboo steamer comes with about 8 steaming dumplings. The broth is oh, so good and the meat is well seasoned. The dough is chewy enough, without it being too dense.  The flavor of the dumplings just pop in your mouth with each bite.  I guarantee these dumplings will hit the spot on a cold winter day. This is definitely a must try if you are in Chinatown.
XLB is so good. Worth the wait and worth making the walk to Chase near me. Came all the way from Queens for this first XLB experience and will definitely come back for it again. Bringing all my friends BUT DON'T FORGET CASH ONLY***
The soup dumplings here are really good, along with the scallion pancakes.  When we arrived there it was cold out, and there was space to wait inside BUT! the girl who gave us a number told us we had to wait outside ... makes no sense to me but okay...anyways, to not get confused the soup/Shanghai dumplings are listed as "steamed buns" under the appetizer section. We ordered the crab & pork ones and the pork - the regular pork ones taste better than the one with crab meat.  The scallion pancakes were crispy and good, a little oily.  The two other dishes (Shanghai noodle and Eggplant with garlic sauce) we ordered were way too oily, which led me to believe that every other dish were would be pretty oily.  Overall, I would only come back here to eat the soup dumplings but probably nothing else.  We ended up bagging the two dishes up and giving them to a homeless man on the street.
Walking onto Pell street where this restaurant is located made me feel like I was in the allies of Beijing. The line for joes was out the door. Though the wait time wasn't too shabby. Waited about 10 minutes. I'm not a big fan of Chinese food. I'll have it like once in a blue. Though with the Chinese New Year being celebrated I suddenly had a craving. The food here was good. The portions are nicely sized. I ordered shrimp fried rice and vegetable lo mein. My two favorite Chinese food items. The service was good, nice guys! Upon bringing the check, they slice oranges  and give them as a dessert. If I'm ever in the mood for Chinese, this will be the place I'll be heading to for it.
We came all the way from Texas and expecting to get some good soup dumplings and dumplings. The dough was definitely too thick and just a mediocre restaurant serving "hot & sour" soup and sweet n sour pork for tourists. Dumplings in Houston, TX taste better than this!
Overstated and underwhelming. Soup dumplings yummy, soup ok, service pathetic and rude.
I'll make it simple ---- nothing is edible here except the soup dumpling. Honestly I don't get the line that builds up everyday outside of this restaurant. The food simply fails as authentic Shanghainese food --- hell, it even fails as Chinese food period. Everything is really extremely overly unnecessarily greasy and the worst dish here has to be the fried tofu and vermicelli soup. Not only is it NOT authentic, the vermicelli wasn't even cooked through. There're so many Shanghainese places around and not too far from this location; save the wait.
First experience eating Shanghai Dumplings!  Liked it, but don't understand the hype around the dumplings. Ordered ones with pork and others with crabs. The thing is that they are regular dumplings, but with soup inside! And soup is freaking hot lol! Burned my tongue! They should warn people like "caution hot" or something lol! Dangerous!Dumplings were OK! But whatever at the same time haha. The place itself is weird, cash only. Really!? Had to go to the ATM. Also we had to share a table with some weird people. Chinese beer tastes like ass, no offense lol. The most amazing thing about this place that they have tons of pictures of owner with celebrities eating his dumplings. Service sucked big time. My second time eating Chinese this week and from now one I don't have high expectations ...
So so happy I ran into this place.... everything was amazing and plan on going here up until the day I fly out! So delicious!! Organic and local!
What an interesting dinner experience! Pops and I were staying in Lower East during our trip to NY and we knew we had to visit Chinatown at least once, being so close to the area. We decided to grab dinner as well and found this great place!Obviously one of the most famous places in the neighborhood, we knew we had to drop in to taste their famous xiaolongbaos.The arrangement of the restaurant was quite a sight. All these different groups of people were seated in the huge round tables with other strangers. It was interesting to share a table with 8 other people that I had never met before. Service was very quick even though the place was packed. We got the xiaolongbaos and eggplant dish. As I had expected, the soup dumplings were absolutely delectable. The soup was so wonderful and there was no need to dip the dumpling in the soy sauce. The eggplant was very delicious too. Portions were huge and we had to ask for a side bowl of rice to eat with the eggplant since the sweet taste was very strong. Although it was a tad bit uncomfortable to share a round table with strangers... It was a fun experience and the delicious food soon made me forget about the awkward crowdedness. Seriously, those dumplings really were amazing!!
The Chinatown location is a lot better than the Uptown location! These soup dumplings are amazing, and perfect for sharing with a group of friends. The Scallion pancakes were also the best Ive ever had. Cant wait to go back
This place gets packed and for good reasons. The dumpling was soo good. The broth inside is the best part. We also got egg fried rice, which was the best i've had in a while. We ordered i think scallion pancake is what it was called, the sauce it came with was perfect.
Love this place. Great soup dumplings and fast service. I love the fried rice and scallion pancakes as well. I wish there was a place like this in Bed Stuy!
Food was amazing and so,so fresh. The lines are ridiculous because the food is so good. However me and my co workers didn't have to wait . Get there knowing you are gonna wait but it is beyond worth it. They treated us very nice. The dessert was AWESOME. The scallion pankcakes were delicious..
Such a disappointment. Soup dumplings were too fatty and the meat wasn't good. Pan fried noodles were really gross and there was mold on some of the vegetables. They also pre-included the tip in the bill. Shanghai cafe is 100 times better!!! SHANGHAI CAFE for the win.
This is THE spot for dumplings in NYC! Recommended by a friend, we got here around 12:30 and were quickly seated. There are tons of servers and service here is super fast and efficient. They get you in and out. I knew I wanted the pork soup dumplings, but they weren't listed as such on the menu. The pork soup and the crab and pork soup dumplings were the first items on the menu, and if I recall correctly, I think they were listed as "buns". Either way, that's what I ordered and crossed my fingers it would be what I wanted. The waiter was very fast and I felt pressured when he was taking my order (maybe it was just me), and I wasn't sure if he thought that wasn't enough food, so i kept ordering. I ended up with way too much food and had leftovers, but try to remember that the soup dumplings are large and filling and you do get 8 per order. I also went with pan fried dumplings, which were good, and eggplant which was a  huge portion!
Place is very crowded. We had to ask people who were eating to get up from their seats to get to ours.Waiters were behaving like they had a train to catch. He was in such a hurry to take our order that he had to come back two times to ask what exactly we ordered.Talking about the food. It seems like they get a lot of oil and broccoli for free. Our food was full of it. At the end we felt like that's all we hate. All in all for the amount of reviews this place has and the stars it has for us it was below average. I would not visit this place again unless something dramatically changed.
Really can't say enough about how good this food is. I saw some people complaining about how they sat people together at tables, but i didn't mind it at all. You need to order the dumplings.  I also got the chicken lo mein so so so good. seriously.. Just GO!oh yeah and CASH ONLY!
Found this place through Yelp while visiting Chinatown. My boyfriend and I went through the reviews and ordered the most popular menu items which was the crab and pork dumplings and the beef soup. I will agree with my fellow yelpers. The soup was filled with flavor and it had tender beef. The dumplings were juicy and they tasted great. The only downside which was not a big deal for me was that the place is so full that we had to share tables with another family. I loved that they immediately serve you tea when you sit down. Lastly, the service was fast and cheap.
Tried this place from the recommendation of a friend. He told me it was world famous for their soup dumplings and he was right! The crab and pork dumplings are amazing and very juicy. I would definitely go back to have those again. However, the other items on the menu we ordered were just so-so. The green onion pancake, spring rolls, and shredded beef with jalapeños were nothing special. The service was very attentative coming by often and asking if we needed anything. However, it was done with a very "just hurry up and order" attitude.
It is so famous in Yelp so we walked inside. We ordered four dishes. The pork soup dumpling is not bad but others are so so.Since the gratuity is counted into the total payment automatically，the staffs in this restaurant are not nice. They are impatient when we are ordering（we alrealy know what to order）and being rude while cleaning the table（one guy accidently hit me by tray）.
So my sister use to go to school in New York and whenever it would come up in a conversation she would go, "But Joe's shanghai, you have to go there! The dumplings have this delicious broth! You can't just have one order."Finally, I decided to go to NY to visit my friend and after years about hearing of Joe's from my sister I made it a priority to go there! Luckily when we went we were seated right away. They sit you at a round table and if you're party doesn't fill they table they fill it with other guests. Not as bad as it sounds, just don't be shy! Good food is definitely an ice breaker. Our food was placed on our table and I found myself at a pause. I was afraid that it was overhyped, so I tried my best to lower my expectations. Took a bite into a xio long bao, smiled and did that little wiggle, YOU KNOW, that little happy dance you do after eating something really yummy!Sometimes I find myself sitting in Din Thai Fung in LA and remembering that glorious trip to NY where I blessed my taste buds with Joe's Shanghai!
Family style which was super surprising, but ended up being fun. Really great food- soup dumplings were just like the homemade ones I had in China. Everything was perfect. 10/10 will definitely go again.
Excellent Shanghai dumplings! A very full bodied broth coupled with a meatball filling, the xlb is exactly what you'd expect from a Shanghai dumpling place.My girlfriend, her friend, and I navigated through Chinatown to find this place so I could try it! (I'm from California, so east coast eateries were my main conquest for this trip) I was not disappointed. I ate until I could eat no more. Joe's Shanghai is a must have if you're ever in Chinatown.
Is Joes Shanghai really the highest rated and most popular Chinese restaurant in all of Chinatown New York?  I really don't get it - especially after waiting for 2 hours to get a spot.  Still - I think I need to give it the benefit of the doubt because there is a good chance I might have ordered all the wrong things to satisfy a group of 7 extremely hungry but picky eaters who along with myself had been on a less-than-halfway point of a marathon journey muscling our way through Manhattan from Wall Street to Harlem all on foot.I personally thought Joe's Shanghai was pretty average.  The whole fried sweet and sour fish was much more entertaining to look at than it was to eat - very bland and worst was not all of the flour was cooked.  That was a first for me...  The shrimp lomein tasted underwhelming and ridiculous but the scallion pancakes were a nice rebound as was some of the clear broth soup which might have had about three shrimps in it.  I know I am going to get a lot of heat for this (and this is more my problem) but I don't really don't get the craze about the dumplings as I was told these were " so like the best things ever" - they weren't.  And I realize this is all coming from people who are from like Flagstaff, AZ, and Frederick, MD.  I am told it's a "textural exercise" more so than a tasting experience.  Whatever.I absolutely love Chinese cuisine and when I think of it - I expect an orgasmic explosion of flavor and no I don't mean in a General Tsao's Chicken way.  It pains me to say it but I thought this was a major disappointment.  But I am glad we tried it.
Honestly the food is over the top. We took the iconic general tso chicken and fried pork dumplings and both were great! I will come back next time with a more empty stomach to eat it all!
I came here just for their soup dumpling and was truly disappointed! the broth of the soup is GOOD but the skin that wrap the meat is way too thick.. the service is far beyond good I might give another try next time when i go to NYC and we'll see what happen then.
I'm overall underwhelmed with my experience here. It's a tiny crammed space that people put up with for the dumplings. Community round tables, added some novelty to the whole experience. Pork dumplings were just okay. Thick skins that get cold and starchy quickly. Soupy sauce inside was flavorful but kindof greasy. The pork dumpling was a tad gritty and crumbly. General tso's chicken was all breading and tiny bits chicken. Sauce was syrupy and disappointing. Scallion pancakes were mostly just thin fried bits with scallions hidden in it. Service is rushed and panicked, but that seems to be the theme here Not worth the hype. Try it out once, and you realize there's better food out there.
I have to say when I went there and ate the food was great and the service was quick.  However the place is dirty and the health code violations online were not great.  After I ate there and read the inspection on the nyc.gov site I was shocked and got sick to my stomach.  I hope this restaurant fixes there problems because the food was good but I would hesitate to go there again.
I've been to New York 4 times and I've been to Joe's Shanghai 4 times..so I guess it's time I write a review! I somehow don't come across a lot of opportunities to get soup dumplings, so whenever I'm in New York I just crave Joe's humongous pork xiao long baos. With the communal dining style, I found it pretty easy to snag seats if you're eating with 1-2 people. I always start off with at least 2 orders of the soup dumplings. I prefer the pork ones but the crab one is alright too- some people think it's too fishy. I truly believe that soup dumplings should be consumed in one mouthful so that the juices explode on your mouth and you get all the flavors as you're happily chewing away. This is hard to do when the soup is so hot and the dumplings here are so huge so it takes awhile for it to cool down. There have been instances where I had tears running down my face because I couldn't wait for the soup to cool down before I devoured the massive dumpling. Still well worth it if you ask me :) I have since learned my lesson however, and just take my time to eat the other dishes while my soup dumpling is cooling off in the vinegar dish and alternate between each couple bites. The broth is on point for the dumplings and the skin is super thin. You will get maybe one or 2 that might've already erupted, which kind of sucks but you get what you pay for.I've also had:Sliced braised beef noodle soup: imo it was nothing extraordinary, the soup was kind of bland but the beef was tender. Fried Rice Cake: I love rice cake so there's not much that will ruin a fried rice cake dish for me. This one is a little on the salty side (they use a lot of dark soy sauce which I'm not used to on rice cakes) however, but the texture is on the softer side - just how I like it. Pan fried noodles: I think the pretty much the same flavors were used in the fried rice cake as well, so definitely pick one or the other depending on what carb you're in the mood for. Cheap soup dumplings in the heart of Chinatown - the best thing on a cold day!
LOVE THIS PLACE. We came at about 2:30 p.m. and were seated right away. The entire place was hopping busy the entire time we were there (2:30-3:30 ish).The food: We ordered the xiaolongbao (buns on the menu), wonton soup, and chicken fried rice. We finished everything except the fried rice, which we took with us.The service: Typical Chinese restaurant, which unfortunately for my people is not the best in the entire world, but since there are so many people in China, there really isn't a ton of time to spend with each patron. I fully understand. I guess I look or seem pretty American because the waiters spoke to me in English. I'm not the most comfortable or fluent in Mandarin anymore (it's a shame, I need to work on that), but I said thank you in Chinese every time I spoke with any employee. They forgot our fried rice and brought us white rice when I asked for it, but I must've spoken too softly. Our fried rice came out within five minutes. Awesome! I think I ate half the plate.The facility: HUGE but crowded and full at all hours, it seemed like. The entire place was hopping busy the entire time we were there (2:30-3:30 ish) on a Monday afternoon.Payment: Cash only. There's an ATM about a block away that doesn't charge a surcharge. It's inside a Chinese mall/supermarket building.Fun fact: This is the place to go for Chinese food in Chinatown. We shared a big table with the retired captain of the NYPD for the Chinatown precinct, and he said that it was the place during his career. Also, there are pictures of celebrities that came, including Jeremy Lin, so obviously this place is THE place!Overall: Highly recommend. Highly!
Omg what I would do for these dumplings again.the wrapper is paper thin yet there is so much broth/soup inside. I really don't know how they do it. This place is a must try! I really thought it was better than the infamous din tai Fung!
I don't often find myself in B rated restaurants, but when it comes to dumplings I make exceptions. Joe's Shanghai is one of them. Located in Chinatown, it's easy to spot Joe's -- there's usually a crowd outside. Although the herd of people outside may be off putting, the staff does their best to accommodate their guests. It's important to note, this is community seating. You will more than likely be sitting with a group of strangers. Ok, now to the food. The dumplings - amazing but messy. Also, DO NOT forget to order the scallion pancakes. They are crispy delish golden pancakes of heaven. Be weary, it's cash only. Highly recommended!
Tourists and I don't agree on much, I'm sure. But if we see eye to eye on Joe's Shanghai, then damn, all the power to 'em.I come here for a cheap, down and dirty meal when the mood strikes me, which is probably way too often, but at least I cut my wallet some slack when I step inside. A word to the wise: there is almost always a wait if you come with a group, as there is almost always a horde of white people spilling onto Pell St. outside of Joe's. The smaller the squad, the better the chance of grabbing a table. Or at least, part of a table - be prepared for communal seating. Better yet, just find someone who is equally down with no-frills, super-satisfying Shanghainese comfort food, and you can typically skip the stampede for a readily available two-top.Now, the Soup Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) get the masses through the door, justifiably so since they are so, so good, and admittedly adorable. But I've been here enough to explore the rest of the menu and have two other must-orders to add to the rotation. The Shanghai Rice (egg and scallion) is simple, delicious, and addictive. It's probably covered in oil and creatine-style scoops of MSG, but hey, that's what keeps me comin' back for more! I'm not ashamed! And then there's the Scallion Pancakes, some of the best I've ever had, and an absolute steal at $2.95. $2.95! Multiple orders of this dish have become standard operating procedure.Joe's Shanghai is a polarizing spot, perhaps due to its tractor-beam hold on more adventurous out-of-towners (hey, give 'em credit for steppin' outside Midtown) or its catering to American tastes, but I put my full weight behind this place. I'm hard-pressed to name another dining spot in Manhattan that can deliver this level of satisfaction at this low of a price. And for this reason, New York street cred be damned, Joe's is seriously one of my favorite restaurants in the city.
I was on a mission to try the best soup dumpling in the country. That's exactly what I did. If you travel deep into China town and down a scary little back alley then you find the soup dumplings you seek. We came right when the place opened to avoid crazy waits and got seated right away. The green onion pancake was delicious. We got two orders of soup dumplings because they were that good. My boyfriend still brings them up although it's been months since our trip. One of the few spots I will go out of my way to visit again next time I am in town.
The worst service I have ever seen. Soup dumpling was the only one I ordered bz it is a specialty of the restaurant. Never come back!
Just go there. It's worth the parking hassles, half hour wait, the sharing of tables and the slightly dismissive staff. Get the soup dumplings. Any of them. You will not be disappointed. Oh, and watch the regulars eat the soup dumplings. Otherwise you may burn your mouth.
I tried this place before and I wasn't too impressed. This time around, I came with a bunch of people who insisted we come back. We got several orders of both the crab and pork XLB and boy, did Joe's redeem themselves! The best part was that we didn't even have to wait for a table!
The XLB here is definitely worth making a trip out to Chinatown just for the experience!We had to wait a while to get into the restaurant, and then again to order, and then more waiting for the food, but it was all worth it! Be sure to know what to order ahead of time (do some Yelp stalking lol) as the waiters are pretty busy. We stuffed ourselves with xiao long bao, dumplings, and scallion pancakes and were on our merry way. Din Tai Fung doesn't hold a candle to this place. Too bad it's on the other side of the country for me or else I'd be going on the regular!
This resturaunt was great!!! Sketchy neighborhood and wierd atmosphere but amazing food. LOVE THE DUMPLINGS
When it comes to cleanliness, well this place is not exactly clean.  I always judge a place by how clean the bathroom is and as you can imagine this place needs the bathroom police..Yes the food is good but the lack of cleanliness for their restrooms leads me to believe their staff is not following sanitation standards.  The waitstaff lacked engagement to guide me through the menu and yes I am sorry I am not Asian, but if its any consolation I love Asian food.  Perhaps next time I visit, i will bring Asian friends to see if the service is better. Long wait for a table so be prepared to wait.I had the scallion pancake, rice noodles with vegetables with garlic sauce.  The food was very tasty..I did love the XLB fresh and tasty.  Probably the best  I had in queens.
Tasty and then some, ordered scallion pancakes and pork dumplings, also a crab and pork dumpling. Sauces on point, fast service!!
We came here because we saw raving reviews of the restaurant. We had NO idea what to expect...well, for you first timers here goes:Expect a long wait time. We waited 45 minutes to get a seatDon't expect a separate table. You may be seated with other guests at a large table or get get your own...your luck. DO TRY the soup dumplings! This place is known for this dish. We had pork soup dumplings and get were amazing!How to eat soup dumpling:DO NOT try to pop the whole dumpling in your mouth. You will burn. Pick up dumpling from the top with tongs and place on your soup spoon. Poke a hole on the side and let soup flow into spoon. Take small bites of the dumpling and enjoy!One star less because the waiter was rude (ish). Maybe it's a cultural thing but I felt like he scolded me a couple times for asking for and extra fork or water Overall a good meal. We will be back!
Only go here with real gamblers. People who understand the game of poker. Professionals that deal cards in tournaments for money. And they'll tell you while slurping on a soup dumpling that the biggest tournaments aint in Vegas babay! Only go here if the gamblers ride motorcycles and play amateur hockey --and go late at night so that you'll share a table with a young couple on a date and you can charge them a consultants fee for sitting there and soaking up the gamblers rhetoric along with their soup dumplings.
Holy DUMPLINGS, BATMAN!!! This place is awesome!The ONE thing I needed to do on my trip to NYC was to eat an authentic Chinese meal in Chinatown, and boy did this place deliver. Tucked away on a small little street, Joe's is hands down the best Chinese food I've ever eaten. Here's a look at what we ordered for 5 people: Soup dumplings: 2 orders, pork. Make sure you order these first as they can take a while sometimes. The soup inside the dumpling just explodes in your mouth when you take a bite and there's really little else in the world much better. Kung Pao Chicken: perfect. Not too fried and the right ratio of chicken to vegetables and peanuts.Beef w/Broccoli: amazing. The flavor of the beef and sauce is picked up by the broccoli and it was cooked to just the right consistency. String Beans: SOOO GOOD! Fried perfectly and still al dente. Pork Lo Mein: yummyChicken Fried Rice: two thumbs upSpring Rolls: we ordered 5, but the waiter suggested only 3. We thought this meant they would be massive, but they were just slightly over-sized. We could have done 5, but still glad we went with only 3. I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone visiting NYC. I will just keep dreaming about Joe's until I can one day return.
I dragged my boyfriend to this random little place (sorry, I'm new to NY and it was kinda a long trek, maybe it's not so random) all because of the raving yelp reviews. We walked in at around 2:30 and it's packed (and with mostly Asians, might I add) double score. No really, that's a good sign I think.  I'm pretty much like "hey, I have no idea what I'm doing... what do we get?" The waiter pointed to one item on the list... "those you'll like"... (Crab meat with pork meat steamed bun $6.95) So we get those and ordered a side of spring rolls just to be extra American. Yes, they were amazing. So warm and satisfying and delicious and unique. They're soup dumplings, meaning, the pork and crab meat is actually swimming in this juice inside the dumpling. You have to eat it with a spoon so you don't spill all the yummy flavorful juice everywhere. It's so good though, even if you look like a goober eating them. It was incredible how many things were on their menu. If I lived in NY, holy bananas, I'd really wanna try more things... but I'd always make sure to order a side of dumplings. Go at off hours if you don't want to wait!
Because their service (or lack thereof), I would never go back. I'm sure the 3500+ reviews says a lot about their soup dumplings, and I DO love their dumplings but can care less to go back because their staff (probably also their management) can care less if I go back.  After my third, and last visit, I've decided to take my business elsewhere, where tip is based on service (and NOT already included on your bill).     Price: $-$$Service: shamefulGroups: yesWould I come back? No
Best soup dumplings. Ever.The pork and crab xiao long bao are so good, you'll want to name your firstborn after them :P
Definitely an hole in the wall spot - had to shared table with another party because it was busy.Got the Pork and Crab Soup Dumplings - I really like the Pork one better.The Shanghai noodle were good They included an %15 Tips on your Bill
Mediocre food, really wasn't that impressed and am confused why it's rated so high. Most importantly, THERE IS NO DIM SUM, as it's mislabeled on here. Soup dumplings were okay, not the best in the neighborhood and the two dishes we ordered we not very good. T
Well this place is a hidden gem of Chinatown! I mean I'm sure it's famous but you have to enter through  like an alley to get here so it makes you feel like you know a great place. When you come in, it's family style seating, which mean you sit a big table with Probably 2 other couples who just got there or just finishing up. Which is kinda awkward of you all order the same thing and forget which one is yours. The Xiao long bao here is is sooo good! One of the best I've had! The lions head is also very very very good! It's sooo juicy and rich, I had to ask for a bowl of rice to counter the flavors. We ended up taking most of it to go and ate it back at the hotel. Also still all very good!
This place has great soup dumplings.The moment we were seated our server asked us how many plates we will be having..they have a peculiar way of eating so that the soup doesnt flow everywhere- you need to keep it on your soup spoon while eating it!There was about 45 min wait on a Saturday evening around 5:30.We were seated on a round table with a random group of people, basically thats how their seating is..Other food was ok , not worth mentioning.But I would def go back for their soup dumplings.
Don't expect service when you come here, do expect to sit at a large communal table, do expect to be ignored, do expect greasy delicious food. I felt horrible after leaving here. Had the crab and pork soup dumplings which I would have loved in another life but I felt like I was sucking down on lard this time- couldn't handle more than one. Had the corn and chicken soup which turned into gelatinous slop once it cooled, had the beef Lo mein- thick delicious noodles but coated in a layer of fat and grease. Have had much tastier food in other local spots with less guilt attached..Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles puts this place to shame.
My absolute favorite!!!If I could I would eat here for a meal everyday! They do get busy so don't be surprised if you are given a long wait time. The seating arrangements are very crowded. Most of the tables are shared. The shared tables can fit 6-8 people. Keep in mind that you'll be sharing elbow room with a stranger! The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) are a must. Please be gentle with them. The soup inside is meant to be enjoyed not poked and wasted. I see people poking holes and picking them up ferociously with forks....it makes me cringe. Simply pick up the dumpling with the tongs gently and place in the soy sauce to cool and enjoy!  A few other favorites that you can't go wrong with are...beef lo meinsnow peaspork fried riceDon't get too comfortable, this restaurant turns tables very quickly. This restaurant is CASH ONLY and gratuity is already included no matter how small the party.
Excellent and authentic Chinese restaurant! I have eaten here many times, sometimes with friends, during my many stays in NYC, and, just as is true with their sister shop called Joe's Ginger which is located nearby, the food is great! Intrestingly, I consistently notice that a great many of this restaurant's customers are local Chinese residents and also visitors from China, all of whom regularly insist that the food is very authentic and "real". They also do not overdo the MSG, which I really appreciate, since I am MSG-sensitive, and rather, they tend to be very conservative in their use of MSG.The manu has some great and rather unique offerings, with many offerings remaining very true to the authentic Shanghai cuisine.One word of warning: this restaurant tends to get very crowded, very fast, once 5 PM approaches each day!I have always had great meals at this restaurant, with no exceptions!
Nice soup dumplings in manhattan. It was only 15 min wait. The service was quick and the food was great. I wouldn't mind communal sitting, but this old tourist lady (who seemed very unhappy and grossed out about the food) across the table kept staring at me and my bf while we were eating. But overall, we were satisfied :)
My bf welcomed me to this devil of a place-- We have been twice and it's seriously delicious. First, you have to get the crab and pork soup dumplings. Holy Moly, I could just eat serving after serving of that. We got several other dishes over the various visits, but the ones that really stick out in my mind were a chicken with roasted chestnut special (oh my goodness, so so good-- chestnuts were full of flavor and very meaty), a singapore noodle dish which was a little greasy, but still really great-- spicy and yummy. Still, nothing compares to the dumplings. Also, I love that they finish your meal with freshly cut oranges which somehow are always the BEST oranges I have ever tasted. Now, I want to come back...
Scallion pancakes were the bomb. Soup dumplings was good but the broth inside was a little too heavy. Crab greater than pork dumplings
Never have had a bad experience here. Best entree I've had is the fried shrimp with white sauce and of course the soup dumplings :)
Came here with a group of eight and had a great time! The food is great but the soup dumpling dough was too thin and kept breaking, and the food was sooo salty with a lot of MSG. Great experience tho, really quick and attentive service!
Great for a cold and rainy day in NYC. I've certainly had better soup dumplings before but Joe's does a good job nonetheless. I would recommend just getting soup dumplings and maybe scallion pancakes or a small appetizer, because the soup dumplings really fill you up. Tip: use the tongs provided to carefully pick up a soup dumpling, place in the sauce provided, and then put on your spoon and take a small bite into the skin of the dumpling. The rich, hot and delicious broth will steam out, so start drinking! It is the perfect meal for a cold, wet day.
I've had xiao long bao from Shanghai (those unassuming hole-in-the-wall.. sometimes literally... places that you know will have you on the toilet crying sweet mercy before you even step in are where the best xiao long bao in the world are!) so maybe I'm a little biased.I was pretty disappointed after all the hype... got the bao with pork and crab, and it lacked the 鮮味 (xian wei) all good XLB should have. The mouthgasm that I expected just never came; the dumplings were overly doughy and the meat inside was almost bland. We also got a bowl of seafood noodle soup, which was decent... nothing you wouldn't find outside of your local Chinese take-out joint. Dang, I really wanted to love this place too.
This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in New York. We always get their pork soup dumplings, of course. They're a must order. We've tried their crab and pork ones before but felt that their pork ones are better. The soup inside the dumplings is a tiny bit greasy, but otherwise the skin is thin and chewy and the meat inside is wholesome without extraneous fat and grit.We are also big fans of their chicken fried rice, which we always ask to be done without soysauce. Topped with white pepper, it's the perfect amount of not salty. We usually order a dish of garlic stir-fried veggies, whatever they have fresh at the moment. Their water spinach and watercress are both delicate and fresh.I've tried their noodles before, both the panfried on both sides kind and the thick kind, and they're both good but I think you should save your stomach for other things unless you're really craving noodles.We've also tried their General Tso's chicken (don't judge), which is pretty good too. We've also tried their long neck clams done in black bean sauce, which were also pretty good and not too expensive.This place is always reasonably priced. One thing that most people don't notice is that tip is already included in your bill. I think there's some fine print on the menu that says that and maybe even some signs on the wall. I don't remember if the receipt does. So thank me for saving you guys from paying tip twice!
I'd include a picture of this place in the dictionary under the definition of the word 'over-rated'. The original plan was to go to Nom Wah Tea parlor down the road. But it was closed for a private party. So we decided to go to this Chinatown "must-go". There is a ridiculous 1 hour wait time any time of the day and a chaotic number calling system. The streets are lined outside this establishment with tired, hungry tourists lining up for a slice of disappointment. When we did subsequently obtain security clearance to enter the premises we were seated in a loud family style dining place. We ordered the pork, and the crab and pork soup dumplings, and the seasonal soft shell crab. The soup dumplings - In most cases, bigger would be better. But with soup dumplings it is quite tricky. In comparison to other soup dumplings I have eaten these are mutant incredible hulk dumplings. They are huge. There is no way one is going to be able to eat them whole. The point of a soup dumpling is the incredible burst of flavour when you eat it whole and bite into it. The person next to me bit into his dumpling and sent soup splashing across the table. My friend just decided to give up and let the precious soup drip out of his dumpling. I had the worst time of them all. I believe there is such a thing as an ambient soup dumpling temperature. They should be served at a temperature that is safe to eat. I had my entire mouth burnt from the scalding soup and was unable to eat for days after that. While it is easy to blame me or the other diners for our "inexperience" at eating dumpling, I have eaten soup dumplings many times before (in NYC, I have eaten them at Nom Wah in Chinatown and the Bao in East Village). I have always escaped injury free. Also a quick glance across the room shows that this was the case with all diners (a lot of whom were Asian as well). Everyone's plates were a mess of spilled soup, every drop of which should be in your mouth. Bigger is not always better.Soft-shell crab - This is hard to screw up. They are naturally delicious creatures. The breading was oily and not crisp. As much as I could taste with my burnt tongue they were all right. But soft shell crab is usually awesome, not just all right.
Not the ideal location for a tourist to locate this restaurant. It's tucked away in a alley street where they usually film gangster fight in this quaint small street. Anyway, we had 3 ppl and had to share a large table with few others. With all the excitement and recommendations from friends, I expected goood soup dumpling.Let's put it this way, it's good and it has the taste. I wouldn't say it's the best (which i had better ones in Canada), nor was it the worst, it was average good.  Being so reputable, I expected more and didnt expect them to serve soup dumpling that is already leaking soup... that was disappointing. Maybe the restaurant doesn't care for the presentation anymore?The scallion pancake was tasty, but way too greasy.. Just average. I would probably go to the location in East Village in the future, i might probably feel safer.
It's not great.  It's good.  But, meh, I've experienced better.Read everyone else's opinion, but honestly, if you know 小笼包 you'll know this place shouldn't be as popular or well rated as it is.  Plus, if you know Din Tai Fung, or if you've eaten at other XLB places in Taiwan, Hong Kong or Shanghai, then you also know what the gold standard is.  And the gold standard, being 5 stars, means this place is 2, which maybe 5 stars for NYC, but is 2 stars in the global context.  Ya feel me?Yay, its cheap.  So I guess you could say you get a good cost to quality ratio there.And the wait?  What a joke.  The hot pot place across the street is more delicious and more authentic a culinary experience.  So laugh at everyone in line, cross the street, eat, drink, be merry, get your check, go back outside and watch the people that were 'just' in front of you in line STILL wait for a table.
5 Stars for the soup dumplings alone. The quality of food is perfect and affordable.  I would definitely go back again.
Dumpling heaven! I mean really, the holy grail! Came in on a Saturday night, so it was predictably crowded, but the wait wasn't long. It was also systematic, with numbered chits and what not! Got seated at a large round table with 2 other couples, but didn't mind since this wasn't expected to be fine dining in any case.Too bad that they only accept cash though, and since we'd been to 3 pubs earlier the same evening where we felt inclined to tip well, both of us were running (scraping-the-bottom-of-the-barrel) low. Soo, all we tried was the pork soup dumpling! But the tip from a friend paid off, and these were awesome! The spicy sauce went beautifully with the piping hot, delicately flavored little bags of soupy, meaty, goodness, and they were gone in 60 seconds! Man, if only I had more cash on me! Servers were efficient and polite as well, and we'll probably be back to try some more stuff on the menu. So glad we stopped by!
3.5 stars What I didn't like about this restaurant, was that their bathrooms were filthy. An employee came out of the wash room and when it was my turn to go in, there were feces on the toilet cover, but she did not warn me, nor did she alert an employee about the mess. In addition, a 15% gratuity is automatically tacked onto the bill. The aspect that bothered me most was that my boyfriend and I shared an eight seater table with 2 other parties. I thought this was odd because there were plenty of other open tables they could have placed the other parties. We were initially seated with two gals who were already at the table. I told the waitress I didn't mind if the gals didn't mind. I kept one seat between me and the other party and everything was okay until I was midway biting into my dumpling when the waitress ushered me to move one seat over so that she can place a third party of four on our same table. Totally uncomfortable experience, but the Xiao Long Baos definitely make up for it. I honestly enjoyed the pork XLBs more than the crab ones, however, by far the absolute best XLBs I've ever tasted. The dumplings had so much flavor and so much soup inside--delicious!
We have friends from Boston that drive all the way down just for Joe's XiaoLongBaos soup dumplings. Supposedly the best in the area.Our family of 5 waited more than an hour to get seated, and the food was pretty great! Ordered our standard shanghai go-to entrees and happily ate them all. Overall somewhat bland. We felt like main highlight, the soup dumplings, were overhyped, although I was impressed that Joe's had more soup than any other place I've been to.
$5-7 for an order of XLB?  Yes please.Having always been stuck going at the wrong times with hoards of people inline, myself and Freddy Jr R were lucky to have to wait for about 20 minutes.  Family style seating, so if you're in a small group then you will be seated with other groups of people.  No biggie.  Immediately when we sit down, the waiter already asks which dumplings you want.  You can get the regular ones for $5 or the crab ones for $7.  We order one of each as well as the pepper skin duck as well.  XLB is a rare dish to find done well in the Washington DC area, so I'm happy to say that these live up to the hype.  I'm sure I can find better ones in the Queens Chinatown, however with our limited time frame and our apartment being in the LES, Joe's fit the bill.The pepper skin duck was delicious too.  Cook perfectly and plenty of meat on the bones since sometimes Chinese places will give you the cheap cuts.  Total bill was less than $30.  Had we just ate the soup dumplings, it would've been much less.  I can see myself easily taking down 4 of these soup dumpling orders if I was extremely hungry.  For two people I say 3 orders is pretty good.  Not to be missed in Manhattan's Chinatown.
Came by the other day for a mid-afternoon snack in an attempt to try NYC's finest XLBs. To my surprise, the line was out the door at 3 pm. The experience consisted of a ~10 minute wait along with sharing a table with ~10 other random tourists.Ordered the crab XLB and it was merely okay. Couldn't really taste the Crab. The skin was pretty thin and the soup was plentiful. ...all in all, the xlb was merely okay. The service was quick and prompt ...although they were more concerned with the speed of churning out a seat rather than dining experience....they did pull a sneaky trick and inserted a 15% service charge when they presented me the bill.~$8.61 incl tax and tip for the crab xlb.
Love!! We have the kung pao chicken, broccoli beef and of course the soup dumplings and they were all amazing
Great food but way too much going on here.We tried a few of their dumplings, steamed and soup. Also had the  scallion pancakes. These dishes were all delicious and worth the 30 minute wait. And that 30 mins is short compared to their usual wait. The problem is that you share tables with random people and are seated super close to them and the servers are working very fast to get you in and out. I love good and efficient service, but I'm not a fan of being rushed. Come for the food but be warned. I will probably be back.
XIAO LONG BAO... THIS is MY X.L.B. REFERENCE POINT!!!  Thanks to my cuz, Melody L. (HAWWWW-LUH!!!) a while back, she dropped some knowledge on us and told us THIS, was the BOMB SHIZZAY and could not believe we never heard of this place or this Chinese delight at the time.  Originally I thought, how could a place called Joe's IN Chinatown, get someone so worked up???  Well, turns out, Joe's is ALL that AND a bag of chips!!!  Place is packed as soon as the doors unlock with a line out the door all day, typically.  People love it SO MUCH, they're willing to sit side by side with complete strangers.  That's right.  You're a party of four sitting at a table for six?  Put your bags somewhere other than those extra chairs cuz they're gonna be filled in a moment!  Like a box of chocolates, never know who ya gonna get ;) Yup!  Wonderful  example of love, joy, peace & happiness.  Want people to settle their differences?  Instead of G.I. Joe, maybe we should be sending in Joe's?!?!  What we order...*#10 PORK STEAMED BUNS ($5.95):  XLB at its finest, IMHO, and at a great price!!!  This is a true SOUP dumpling.  None of this "juicy" stuff we get in SoCal.  1 order is EIGHT good sized pieces served in a bamboo steamer.  There's a technique to enjoying these delights.  You can tell who's a been here before.  Ones with the knowledge, place 1 XLB on a soup spoon, create a hole at the top of the dumpling skin to release the steam, then wait & conversate a bit.  While I wait, I pour a mix of chili paste & soy sauce into the opening, for a lil more cool down.  Then at the right moment, boom!  SO YUMMY!!!  The soup is savory and has a bit of creaminess to it, hyped up by my concoction.  The meat is tender and juicy.  The dumpling skin is perfectly thin but strong enough to hold everything together.  Oh, this here, is WORTH all the hype.*#9 CRAB MEAT with PORK STEAMED BUNS ($7.95):  XLB experience is altered with the addition of crab meat.  Again, 8 pieces in 1 order.  Same approach to consuming the things.  There is an obvious taste of crab meat and the soup no longer has a creamy sensation, but now more of a broth.  If ya dig seafood, this is calling yur name!  We'll order this if we got newbies, otherwise, it's all about #10 FOR me.Those pork steamed buns, a.k.a. Soup dumplings, a.k.a. Xiao Long Bao, I HIGHLY recommended.  Not many do it the way Joe's serves it.  It's worth a journey :)Just so you know, the long line in front moves faster than you think  ;)
I ordered takeout here but the pork soup dumplings were broken and the juice all came out..The fat from the dumplings were also everywhere in the container..definitely not ordering take out again.
I am very happy to share with you -- the food was AMAZING! My meal started with the soup dumplings (delish) and the rest was equally delish. Don't be put off if there's a lot of people waiting outside, the line moves quick!
Eating soup dumplings is as nerve wracking as playing Jenga with your closest friends. It's great company, but if you break a dumpling and let the soup go too early, you will be publicly humiliated.This was my first foray into soup dumplings and I'm quite pleased. They pack in different textures: the folded doughiness, the soup broth, the pork. Be sure to top them with some of the chili sauce and black vinegar.My party of 3 only had to wait about 10 minutes on a Saturday at 12:45pm before being seated in a communal table (don't worry, we weren't expected to make awkward conversation with strangers. "So aren't these dumplings as good as the spring weather right now, eh?")The scallion pancakes were nicely layered and served hot, I enjoyed those. My friend ordered some flash fried noodles with beef and broccoli that I thought were worth a pass, as they tasted like an above average version of generic takeout Chinese food. And now I can say I've tried jellyfish, which has a texture that resembles seaweed salad with less of a complex flavor. Yeah, we ordered jellyfish because why the heck not?The price for all that food came down to about $14 a person, which is a real bargain in NYC.Service here is spotty. I usually expect, as a bare minimum, to have a waiter stop by every so often to refill your water. That doesn't happen here, but there are a lot of waiters circling by that you can ask. This place is cash only which isn't awful either (if my meal costs $20 at a minimum, like at Katz's, then it's another story...)I'm not a huge fan of them automatically adding a 15% service charge. I would have tipped that anyways, but when you force someone to pay a specific amount for service without prior notice (no notice like "parties of 8 or more pay 20% service charge" written on the menu), it serves as an excuse to be able to let the service slide.
A Chinatown staple. I'm not ashamed to admit I visit this cash-only gem at least three times a month for those fantastic, "what dreams are made of soup dumplings." You can split an order of their dumplings and fresh scallion pancakes with a date and have enough to keep you full. Or just keep ordering more and more soup dumplings because they're $6 per order and worth their weight in gold. The only caution I'll leave is; be weary of seating. This place is growing faster than they can handle and often resort to community seating - meaning you will sit with other couples at large tables while the staff races around to get people in/out as quickly as possible. I love that energy, but definitely not a family place.
Wonderful xiaolong! A lot of crab meat inside. Taste like heaven. The jiuhuang shanhu (韭黄鳝糊) is also fantastic!! No unpleasant flavor at all. Just hot, delicious food experience.Now let's talk about the food that I would not recommend you to try:腌笃鲜 (you gotta be kidding me to serve me things like this..)水煮鱼 (Nah, it's not that bad. But just taste suspiciously close to convenient noodle)清炒虾仁 (Do not expect to have fresh, wonderful shrimp. Instead, you will going to endure some bizzare, strange flavor.)
This place is a gem. Best dumplings in New York.Service is quick and kinda rude but definitely adda to the whole experience.A must try for tourists and New Yorkers as well.
This review is not for the food - we never got that far!The fiance and I got here, and saw a crowd of people in the street waiting to be seated. I put my name down and got us a ticket "#69" woohoo! the high point of the evening! The lady at the front door told us it would be approximately 30 minutes before we got a table. We were there 20 minutes, then 30, then 45, and then we passed the 1 hour mark, checking in with the lady regularly. The last time we went back and talked to the lady, a full 30+ minutes after her estimated seat time, she just shrugged said "I don't know" and went back to chatting with her friend. Anyway, I'll be sure to be back with a good book and cleared schedule next time, cus I really have to try their fabled soup dumplings just once!
Maybe they had an off day, but my soup dumplings were breaking, they were filed with oil not soup.  They don't have just crab, and I am not docking stars for that but I could have sworn I read they had just crab, but they have either pork or pork and crab but not just crab.  I think that's another reason I did not enjoy it because I don't love pork.  We also ordered scallion pancakes that never showed up... we weren't charged for it though but that's great service!  Yeah I won't come back and give it another chance.... Just not my thing.
A treat for the senses! There are better places without the hype and tourists, but still good food.
I went with two friends and waited an hour sat afternoon to get a shared table. We ordered the pork dumplings which were the best dish. Crispy skin duck was not good at all,only tasted the game duck taste and salt. Fried pork chops were very heavy with oil soaked crust. Cold sesame noodles looked good but tasted only of peanut butter.Is this a hyped restaurant or not? Do not waste your time or money there. Oh,btw most tourist and few Chinese were there, is this a sign or what? I am Chinese from San Francisco and have been to NYC many times and have yet to find a decent restaurant that serves good Chinese tasting food.  What is wrong with the Chinese food there? I have had great food all over NYC ,but never good or even passable food in Chinatown. You Chinese chefs and restaurants should be ashamed.  Come to San Francisco and taste what you should be cooking. Very disappointed customer
My friend and I visited Joe's Shanghai while in the city for the day, suffering from an insatiable craving for xiaolongbao. This place definitely delivered. We ordered the pork xiaolongbao and scallion pancakes. Both were excellent. The xiaolongbao were as good as any I've had in Shanghai.Definitely will come back next time I'm in NYC.Note: When we were there, the place was fairly busy so there was a wait. Also, they seat you at communal tables, which didn't bother us, but might bother some. Instead, we got to be entertained by one of the other guys at the table eating the cabbage (used as a leak guard) out of the xiaolongbao basket. Interesting.
Don't get angry if you don't get seated right away. Good things come with patience.
Hands down.  The best food I've ever had in NYC. Family style dinner,  great atmosphere.  Soup Noodle...DO IT.
2 stars. Maybe 3 if I'm feeling happy. Not sure what all the fuss is about. Seems to me like a classic case of a lack of options. You see,  I am taiwanese and come from southern California, so I've had my fair share of din tai fung and the like, both in the motherland and back in La. Joes does NOT compare. Here's why:The food isn't that good. But I understand that there's not many options in the area for those looking for the authentic Chinese meal. I ordered the classic dumplings, mixed option, and it came out in a speedy 10 minutes despite the restaurant being packed (I ate alone and sat at a community table with 3 other parties). The dumplings themselves just looked unappealing. The texture wasn't great and would stick to your mouth,  and the flavor of the meat and juice was average. Now for the service. Usually I let Asian establishments off the hook for horrible service bc that is just the culture. Knowing that,  I expect some tlc if yelpers give this place a freaking 4 on 2k reviews. Don't be fooled by the wall of celebrities, they just don't know any better, so you shouldn't either. That being said,  if you've never had this kind of entree before,  then I'm sure you'll love it as something to set the bar low for the future. Note: just in case you consider me biased as preferring taiwanese over shanghainese, I don't have any,  and consider myself an American that just loves to eat the best of the best. And I will say their other dishes looked and smelled good. So take this review for the dumplings only.
Yummm yummm yumm.. i hope we have joe's in brisbane.. visited their restaurant 2x during our holiday in NYC and couldn't get enough of their xiao long bao.. massive pieces of succulent,juicy, delicious goodness.. each pieces can give you 2big spoons of soup... their pork xiao long bao is my favorite..
Top notch outlet.  The reviews concerning the pork soup dumplings (xiao long bao) are right on.  Absolutely delectable.    To the innocent observer, it may seem as we over-ordered (we had four orders, each with 8 dumplings) but there were five kids and four adults (and, while few were looking, I managed to take care of 8 of them myself...Everything else we ordered paled in comparison, and was simply "as expected" - which was to include crispy duck, chicken chow-mein, and fried rice.Yes, I know we ordered the most pedestrian of options, but the pork soup dumplings ought to absolve us.  Regrettably my picture reflects an empty steamer in the foreground.  Take this to support the "so-good-we-cleared-the-containers" notion.P.s., thanks to Heather Melom Encinosa & Co. for introducing us to Joe's Shanghai!
My cousin was really adamant about coming to this place and now I know why! Definitely a bustling spot that attracts tourists based on their hype. Came in around lunch time and the wait was not too long, though you'll probably be seated in a shared table with other folks. We ordered the following:1. Shanghai Fried Flat Noodle2. Onion Pancake3. Black Soybean Paste Noodle4. Crispy Jumbo Prawns w/ Meat Sauce (More like sweet and sour sauce)5. Xiao Long Bao Dumplings (Pork)6. Xiao Long Bao Dumplings (Crab)The star of the meal was DEFINITELY THE DUMPLINGS! Both kinds were delicious in their own and both consistently are filled with that flavorful soup. Remember not to break the dumpling because the combination of the broth and dumpling itself makes the whole tasting experience. Place in your soup spoon, bite the tip, add a bit of vinegar, steer clear of tongue burning due to the piping hot broth and ENJOY!
Maaan. This place hits the spot.  Came here on a recommendation. Everything is yummy. Go and do quickly.
I didn't enjoy the food.  It wasn't satisfying for me.  The food was bland and covered in heavy thick sauce.  The service was good so 3 stars otherwise it'd be 2 stars.
I LOVE the crabmeat dumpling!But sadly that's the only high light. Other dishes are just ok. Or if you go to Joe in 5th ave, try the duck smt in the special menu. It's pretty delicious.Grab a bubble tea nearby if you have to wait in line. But share it or do not finish it cause you'll be too full for the food.Oh and Im also really impressed by an old waiter's table-setup skill in Joe Chinatown. A must see!
What happened Joe Shanghai? This place was delicious in the past but right now I feel like it's greasy chinese food. My crab meat soup dumplings came out cold and it's not as flavorful as it used to be. I prefer my options in Flushing now. My chicken lo mein was VERY OILY and you might as well rename it and called it veggie noodles with extra oil as a topping. I was having trouble finding the chicken pieces.I bumpped into an old friend and decided to have lunch here but now I know to steer clear from this place next time we have a reunion.
I was wandering around Chinatown a couple weeks ago with a few friends and we were looking for a place to eat. We headed to Joe's Shanghai on a recommendation from my friend's brother, and I'm really glad we did. We arrived at around 10:45 on a Sunday, but they didn't open until 11 so we waited with a few other folks who had already started a line. By the time 11:00 rolled around there was a significant line outside the building and the restaurant filled up FAST. The menu is large and it took us awhile to read through everything and decide on our meals. Everything my table ordered looked really good. I went with some standard fried pork dumplings. They were good. The dough was tender, not chewy and tough like some places, and the meat inside had good flavor and seasoning. We also ordered the pork soup dumplings for the table to share.(Also because of a recommendation) They were SO GOOD. The broth inside had awesome flavor. Next time I'm getting a whole order for myself. It's been almost 3 weeks since I visited the city and I have been craving this place, specifically the soup dumplings. I cannot wait to go back.
I LOVE ME SOME XIAO LONG BAOS!!! Every since I went to Din Tai Fung in LA, I didnt think there could be anything that beat it. This place is as good or better :) I came here after snacking on some dumplings at Prosperity Dumpling and even though it was a walk to get there, it was totally worth it. I came at an awkward time 3pm but the place was still poppin with people. It is true what they say. Everyone sits at the family style tables and you share the table with other groups. I thought it was fine and didnt feel uncomfortable at all. I guess it added to the whole experience. You New Yorkers are so different and cool. My sister and I split one order of the crab and pork steamed buns. It comes with 8 and it was less than $10. I thought it was super cheap because at the LA place, its like $13 or something. These soup dumplings are made to perfection. The skin is just sturdy enough so it wont fall apart but it is still thin so you wont feel like you are eating all bread. The meat is tender and flavorful and you dont even need soy sauce for flavor. The top twisted part is a bit hard but hey, what can you do. This is seriously one of the top 5 places I ate at in NY so it definitely is a must! I cannot emphasize this enough.**TIPS**1) Cash only.2) You gotta get the crab and pork soup dumplings. I have never seen that meat combo (only pork) so definitely worth a try.3) Enjoy!!!!!
This is certainly a popular place. There is a line to get in, even when every other place in Chinatown seems to be empty.After getting seated, the first question from the waiter was how many orders and Pork or Crab? He  was referring to the Xiao Long  Bao's of course. It is just assumed that if you are on their premises, that you are planning on eating at least 8 XLB's. The question is simply, do you prefer pork XLB's or Crab XLB's today?There are a whole lot of staff buzzing around ferrying XLB's to every table in sight. They are used to being busy.The XLB's arrive before they have even taken the order for the rest of our meal. and awesome they are. Larger than the universally agreed to size of a normal XLB, these thin-skinned, super-sized XLBs hold more than a mouthful of juicy, fatty, soupy goodness. This kills all possibility of that common XLB complaint of good but not enough soup. You could literally drown in a mouthful of Joes's XLB's.So the dumplings are undeniably good. What about the rest of the menu? Well from the corner of the menu we sampled, it was a little bland and uninspiring.String beans with beef were good, but I have had much more addictive versions of this at many other places. The Crispy duck was plain and boring, deep fried it came with a small bowl of pink salt on the side as the only condiment. The Orange beef was deep fried with too much batter, the beef chunks were too large and chewy, and the orange sauce not as bold as I like.I will try more of the menu on a future XLB focused visit, but I was not overly impressed this time.The 4 stars are for the amazing thin-skinned, super-sized XLB dumplings.
I've only have soup dumplings from this place. The juice is delicious. Their dumplings is pretty good size. The down side of this place = The wait is crazy.
the best crab soup buns I've ever had. Trust me because I'm from Hangzhou, which is near to Shanghai. the skin of the buns is translucent, you can see the juice inside.The crab soup is perfect, not too salty or fishy, just perfect.OMG I will definitely miss it.
If you're coming here, then you know what the deal is. It's all about the soup dumplings, and they are delicious--even moreso on a cold winter's day. I can't speak for the pork version, but the crab soup dumplings were delightful. The dumpling skin was perfect from textural standpoint. The fillings were flavor-packed, juicy, and tender. And to be honest, they're just plain fun to eat. Why have a dumpling and a bowl of soup on the side when you can fuse both together into a Megazord of scrumptiousness? For the sake of full disclosure, I can't give this place a perfect rating because the other items I tried were not anything to write home about as far as being memorable. They were pretty good but not great. This is where you come to get soup dumplings. The other Chinese offerings can be found with equal or better taste in other NY restaurants and particularly in Queens--a gem for East Asian cuisine.
My group of 4 got lucky as we got seated right away when we came for lunch around noon. We were seated in one of the larger tables and shared with a family of 4. The table was big enough so it wasn't so awkward. The place was already so busy with diners. Service was REALLY fast, non-stop and quick. Our server wasn't the nicest. Seemed like he wanted us out faster than in. The table comes with hot tea to self serve. We ordered their famous and popular soup dumplings and scallions as starters. I didn't eat any of the soup dumplings because they don't offer a vegetarian or just seafood options (*SIGH*) but everyone seemed to have loved it. The scallions were very yummy and I was tempted to order another round but saved my hunger for the main dishes to share. I went with the Stewed Mixed Vegetables and Bean Curd with Crab Sauce. Both very tasty and plenty to share with 4. A ton of options for all types. Don't miss out on this hidden place if you're running around Chinatown.
Love the soup dumplings! I will give it 4 stars because they wanted to shove in as many people as they can. I ended up having to share a table with strangers. If I was waiting for almost 2 hours, I'd rather wait for a table all to my self and my friends.I would definitely come back...IF it wasn't busy..
Not sure what all the good reviews are about! Must be paid bloggers and likers! Or Chinese mafia family and friends! Good lord this place was dirty! The bathroom was so gross I held my self until we left. The FOOD IS MEDIOCRE!!!!! the kitchen is grimy and dirty! Oh CASH ONLY too, so they can cheat Uncle Sam
Super top delicious crab and meet soup dumplings, I read and heard that they are famous for those. So don't miss them!Also the shrimps steamed dimplings and the fried pork dumplings are really delicious.We also had the shrimp wonton soup but because they need a bit more time for the preparation, we had them at the end and, being of a more delicate flavour, tasted a bit less. Be sure to have this soup first and I am sure it will be great.Ah, we also had the Mei Fun noodles (spicy curry, dry panfried) and they were very giod too.Service is fine, tables are round to share.It was pretty packed, so no much space for pictures this time. Also make sure you are not sturving when you go, because there might be a long queue to wait. Unless you are very lucky...Price is fair, 40$ in two and we ate really a lot. No credit card.
Save your money & appetite.  The ambiance was okay, the food was mediocre, but the service was awful.  These people were not only unpleasant, but "out of there way" rude.  At one point, our server (AKA: family member forced to work) literally tossed a bowl of rice on the table near our four-year-old daughter.  We practically had to beg for water during our meal, and then the bill at the end of our meal.  When we walked out of the restaurant two of the workers were passed out on a few chairs in broad daylight, which was slightly amusing.  However, to make matters worse we walked through Little Italy and absolutely regretted eating at Joe's Shanghai.
If you're coming here, only get the soup dumplings and the scallion "pie". The soups dumplings are huge and contain a lot of soup. The scallion "pie" is thick and crunchy. Everything else here is terrible. We got the eggplant dish and it tasted like someone knocked over the sugar into the dish. Does not taste authentic at all. We ordered four dishes aside from the soup dumplings and scallion "pie" and could not finish any of it because it was just disgusting. The meat in the soup was old and sour-- inedible.
Had a friend tell us to check this place out since he is from New York. So we did.Boy, did this place not disappoint! We ordered soup dumplings, tangy citrus chicken, mushroom chicken, chicken lo mein, and scallion pancakes.All of it was so delicious that I can't wait to go back to New York and eat it. Even though I burned my mouth on the soup dumplings because the fat kid inside me was too excited to eat.The tangy citrus chicken is basically their version of orange chicken. It has a chili pepper by its name on the menu but it wasn't spicy at all. My friend who thinks Hot Cheetos is fire in her mouth was able to eat the chicken. But I loved this tangy chicken! It was tangy and had a little kick to it but then the sweetness would counteract it. Very balanced and oh so good! Would definitely recommend.The soup dumplings were sooooooo good. The broth inside the dumpling was simple, yet flavorful. But warning, the dumpling is HOT. Be careful!The scallion pancakes were super crisp and delicious. The sauce that comes with it compliments it well. It adds a bit of sweetness to the pancake.The mushroom chicken was a bit salty for my taste so I stuck to the tangy citrus chicken but my friends loved it.The chicken lo mein was simple but good. My friends devoured that up and I barely got a taste haha but we had rice to its all good!Overall, amazing food and fast service. It literally felt that right after we ordered our food started coming within 10 minutes.
If you're looking for some Soup Dumplings, Joe's Shanghai will most likely be the restaurant to pop up at the top of the list. There are 3 locations, and I visited the one in Chinatown. Although they're best know for their Soup Dumplings, there's an extensive menu of dishes to choose from. The restaurant is very modest, with a no frills vibe, so don't expect anything swanky here. Yet, you'll find the restaurant always full of every type of person just looking for some good food. The tables are communal, so, be prepared to dine with others and have the opportunity to strike up some fun conversation with some strangers.I ordered their Squid with Salted Vegetable and Jalapeño. I really liked this dish a lot. Now, I couldn't get an exact description of what the vegetables were (perhaps a language barrier), but, I would say there's a strong possibility that it was seaweed and something similar to a picked relish. Either way, it was really tasty. The vegetables were indeed salty, but not overbearingly salty, and when combined with the spiciness of the jalapeño, and the mildness of the squid, it all combines very nicely. The squid was thickly cut and more tender than your run-of-the-mill calamari that you might get. It's served with a side of white rice to balance out the dish. This is great as a dish to share along with another (most dishes are meant for family style serving), or, as an individual large portion.
Good authentic Chinese food. You may have to share a table with strangers but that is part of the charm!
How much more praise can we give for the dumplings?!? The praise is worth it. The pork soup dumplings have the most delectable flavor. The atmosphere is fun, but it's not a place to go when you want to have a sit-down intimate conversation with someone.Lines are always out the door, but if you go on a "slower" weeknight, it's worth the wait.
A bit of a tourist trap, but I do not mind because I really enjoy the soup dumplings.  Be prepared to wait in the street for an extended time (usually a minimum of 30 minutes) if you are even a slightly larger group (more than 2-3 ppl) and come at anything even remotely resembling a peak time.  I've been here at least 5 times and always enjoy my order of the soup dumplings, though it took me about three times before I learned how not to scald my tongue with the soup in the dumplings.  I still occasionally rip a dumpling before making it to my plate and watch in despair as all of the soup runs out.  Anyway, the place is fun, the food is definitely good, the experience is unique.  Most people are, at least initially, a little bit uncomfortable with the fact that you are seated with other patrons at large round tables.  Sometimes the people you dine with are fun and lively, sometimes dull, sometimes shy and awkward, sometimes simply don't speak a lick of english...all part of the experience that is Joe's Shanghai.
This may be the greatest soup dumpling deal IN THE WORLD. We got 16 dumplings (half pork, half crab) and one entree and our total was $39, with tip. Not only that, the dumplings were fantastic. The last time I had really great dumplings was a little under a year ago at Din Tai Fung in LA and these were just as good, if not better. 100% worth the wait. Tell your friends.
Waited about 30mins to be seated(shared table, family style you know what I'm saying ..haha) but it was worth the wait. The pork&crab dumplings were perfect! Also the Shanghai pan fried noodles were super delicious. Oh! Don't forget the scallion pancakes(forgot to take a photo of it). A must go to if you're every in NYC (Chinatown).seriously.
Personally, I was a bit disappointed making the trek out here from upper east side.We got the crab and the pork. I preferred the pork. The crab honestly left me feeling a bit sick. Scallions pancake wasn't bad though.I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here.
The highlight of eating here is the expertly crafted pork buns with the soup inside. Absolutely amazing. We also had chicken fried rice, general Tso's chicken,  and the pan fried noodles.  All of those were very good.  What's different is that they pack as many people as they physically can in here.  It's not actually a bad thing,  just different.  Service was excellent,  but you must ask for everything you want and don't feel bad about it... Different style of waiter here where they are ready to help you and are almost dedicated to your table. Kinda nice.  Good family dinner.
This place is still the best there is in Chinatown for good old soupy dumplings. There will be a wait, it will look like utter chaos outside. You will get elbowed by a little chinese old lady. But it is all worth it to have those delicious steamed treats.  I always get a vegetable side to make myself feel better for the gluttony - it never disappoints either. Have not tried much else on the menu.
Unfortunately, this place is all hype. I guess I set my expectation level too high when I had heard about this place from friends. I can get better noodles and soup dumplings in Edison. Lots of foot traffic - the place gets very crowded. Cash only and gratuity is already included in the bill. Again, the food is decent; I've just had better. The soup dumplings barely had any soup in them. The ratio for noodles and sauce for the cold noodles was off.
I had the turnip cakes, scallion pancake, and the soup dumplings.  Everything was ok - meh - edible.  Nothing was fantastic or well executed.  It is cheap though.  I suspect the high ratings are from tourists who don't know what good Chinese food is supposed to be.  The soup dumplings were the biggest disappointment-- they're over-sized and poorly made.  The truly good and authentic xiao long bao establishments make them just big enough to barely fit int your mouth in one bite.  These are huge and the top knot of the dumpling is messy and will come unraveled.  Meh. Don't need to come back here again.
I must preface this review by stating that Chinese food isn't my favorite but this trip was entirely worthwhile.We braved the single digit temperatures to make the trek out to Chinatown to get some soup dumplings. We had both the pork and crab soup dumplings. Both were delicious. We weren't feeling particularly hungry but still decided to take a stab at the seafood fried noodles. To be completely candid, we have never had this dish before and were quite puzzled on the manner in which it was to be eaten. The dish is served as a large bed of fried noodles topped with seafood and vegetables cooked in what looked like a lobster sauce. We cut up the noodles and mixed it with the sauce to allow a softer, easier texture. The dish was tasty and we finished most of it.In all, Joe's Shanghai's rating of 4 stars is well deserved. The soup dumplings are wonderful and the menu should prove adventurous for many. The only glaring setback is seating. A wait is nearly guaranteed unless you are a party of two. In such an event, you'll be sitting at a table with four other strangers. This may prove enjoyable for some.Definitely recommended.
Joe's Shanghai lovers might hate me for this but, this place is alright, I have eaten more authentic food right here in Chinatown. Also, having grown up in South East Asia, I can be a asian food snob.So, the wait is usually long to get - about 20-40 depending on the time of week you are there. Once you go in you sit at large communal tables which is really cool. As everyone knows, Joe's is really famous for their soup dumplings and they are pretty good, especially the crab ones. However, otherwise the food feels like Americanized chinese food. I would explore more places in Chinatown than go here again. Any restaurant that keeps me wanting more is where I return but, Joe's Shanghai..umm not so much!
This place definitely lives up to it's hype. The xiao long bao is absolutely fantastic, best I've ever had. They are bigger than what is served at other restaurants, and they hold a lot more soup. I always make the mistake of trying to stuff a whole one into my mouth, having the soup explode,  and struggling not to spit it out as the hot soup sears the inside of my mouth. I can't help it, it's just THAT good.Definitely the culinary highlight of my trip to NYC.
If you're just beginning your soup dumpling journey, fine, try Joe's. But there are far, far better quality Xiao long bao in Chinatown. I've tried around five different respected places' takes on soup dumplings, and Joe's lacks that rich broth flavor. I've also found several bits of crab shell in my soup dumplings here, and on one occasion, one arrived already burst.If you want to really enjoy this delicacy, go to Shanghai Cafe or Shanghai Asian Manor.
Stick with the soup dumplings - it's delicious but do not do take out. Huge mistake - the dumplings did not hold up. No soup in the dumplings - bursted during transportation Otherwise if you plan on ordering Americanize Chinese dishes - you're better off with from cheaper take out places Shanghai noodles were bland - just mainly noodles and a few pieces of pork. Oh. And TONs of OIL. Won't ever order again General tso's chicken - bland!! Boring - barely had any sauce Hot and sour soup just god awful - tastes plain sour dumped with white pepperThis place is only good food soup dumplings - won't would save your money and go to another restaurant if you want other Chinese main dishes Oh and everything is cash OnLy
Only okay. I feel like it is overrated and a bit of a tourist trap. I think there are definitely better Shanghainese restaurants around.
Best soup dumplings ever. Also loved the lo mein.There is always a line but it's definitely worth the wait! Very reasonably priced too!
I love Joe's Shanghai!!! their Xiao Long Bao are the best ever!!! I order the soup dumplings every time I go. The food is usually pretty good (last time I went, it wasn't too good) but overall, this place is great for tasty, greasy chinese food.
Move over DTF (Din Tai Fung), your hype and reign of the Xiao long bao (soup dumplings) is finally over. You have been de-throned and the Emperor of the soup dumplings is now Joe's Shanghai!!We came here on a Saturday morning around 11.30am and to our surprise we were seated almost immediately. You share a table here with other patrons and traditionally everyone orders a dish and you share that as well. This place was packed before, during and especially after our visit. The place is pretty small and the restaurant blends in with the businesses surrounding it. Don't be fooled by imitators, Look for the Joe's Shanghai sign and the line out the door!We obviously got the Xiao Long bao (pork), two servings of those, scallion pancake, and a flat rice noodle dish with chicken. The Xiao long baos were absolutely amazing! Dumpling skin thin and perfectly cooked, broth inside seasoned to perfection and the meat tasted heavenly. There's 12 to an order and I think it was about $6. Scallion pancake, well executed and tasted very good as well. Noodles were also top notch and tasted on par with some of my other amazing experiences. Our two other friends (AKA hosts) also really enjoyed their first soup dumpling experience even though it was a weird concept.. (soup base/meat inside a dumpling!)Our service was decent. Pretty standard for a typical Taiwanese place. Food came out quickly though. Cash only and the prices are really affordable. These ARE the soup dumplings that everyone talks about! You also see on the wall of the celebrities who have been including Michael Cera and half the cast of Superbad. Please Go here and get 10 orders of soup dumplings if you can.
Best dumplings ever! The shrimp fried rice was super good too! Will definitely be back here soon! Yum!
Expectation for the Xiao long bao is that you'll pick it up gentle while it's form is still in tact, then putting it on a spoon. You then bite the top to let the soup cool off, and eat it. Reality is that the Xiao long baos were put over Napa cabbage. The Napa cabbage is suppose to become a barrier for the container and the dumpling so it won't stick. Parts of the dumpling stuck onto the container causing the dumpling to rip and the soup to spill out. Another is that these dumplings are suppose to fit on your spoon perfectly however these dumplings were so oversized! Even when I did have a perfect formed dumpling, when I bit the top, the soup would just fall off the spoon! That's not how you're suppose to eat the dumplings. The taste was great, but the whole point of xiao long baos was because of its soup, and for that reason I give this restaurant 3 stars. SERVICE: Service was on the other hand pretty great! The staff seems super attentive even when the restaurants packed with customers! All Asian employees but know and speak English well!
You sit at communal tables, surrounded by the hustle and bustle of other patrons. Your eyes glance over each others meals for brief, fleeting moments. The waiters brought our steaming soup dumplings and we were carried off into a different heaven. The cleanliness leaves something to be desired, but this is a great place for delicious soup dumplings. I would go again and bring guests along.
Waiting time: 15 minutes. Not that bad.Ordered their pork steamed bun and beef noodle. It was awesome, although we need to wait yet another 15-20 minutes. I knew it took so long due to the hectic conditions inside the restaurant. (servers were pretty much overwhelmed with orders and bills). Oh, and don't forget that Joe's Shanghai only accept CASH. Would give a 5 if they accept credits though.
The best thing about this place might just be watching Midwestern tourists trying to eat soup dumplings with forks and a whole plate full of soup.Another good one I caught last time I was here: "Can we have Chicken Noodle Soup? And brown rice? Oh, and forks?".I guess this was on some Food Network show or Zagat's or whatever for the Soup Dumplings, because it is perpetually completely packed and crawling with tourists. I was by myself for a meal for a change, so I figured it was a perfect opportunity to go for some soup dumplings here again as the wait would be much shorter for one person. Also, I was lazy and it was close enough to home that I didn't need to take a train to get here. This is one of those places where they seat multiple parties together at the same table, so I was seated pretty quickly at a table along with two other groups.It's very hyper and fast-paced in here, with a great vibe of a typical Chinatown spot (other than the fact that it's mostly white people, of course. Actually, that is pretty typical of Chinatown). Surprisingly, the prices are still very reasonable - they could easily charge probably double what they charge for most of these dishes given that it's pure tourists that would happily pay anything. But the excellent soup dumplings are somehow still only $5 for 8. These are great, and a must try if you are ever in NY or ever want to try these.In addition to these, I also got the Pork Fried Rice - this was also extremely cheap at $8.25 for the massive portion they give you, and just as delicious.I would definitely recommend putting up with the sometimes silly wait here at least once. You can also try out the midtown one, which is way less crowded, but it's just not the same as the frustrating/funny/delicious experience at this one.
I came here with a party of 10 to show a friend of ours from Dallas some good cuisine in Chinatown.  However, I did not recommend nor even heard of this place or have ever tried legitimate soup dumplings until now. I was definitely was in for a surprise.We came here on a Sunday afternoon, and if it weren't for me getting to the location and holding a table for my whole party since they were all running late, the wait for all of us could've been 30+ minutes. Thankfully, I just found a few things to do in the Chinatown area while waiting for a table so it was alright.My whole party finally gets here and we are seated.  We decide to just stock up on soup dumplings and fried rice this time.We order 4 orders of both the Crabmeat and Beef dumplings each. We also got 4 orders of the Shanghai Fried Rice (eggs & scallion).The soup dumplings were pretty legit.  It was a good balance of meat and soup in it also.  Apparently, there is a very special technique for picking up dumplings and that involves just taking it by the tip, and just clipping it up right onto your spoon. Then you'd take a bite from there. This is probably the only way of doing it, unless you want all the soup to splash out of the dumpling which is no fun!  For the dumplings, they were really good.What really surprised me was the Shanghai Fried Rice.  Being that I'm asian, I am actually NOT an avid rice eater.  HOWEVER, if this place was within walking distance to where I currently live, I would probably have rice EVERYDAY.  The rice is absolutely astounding and unexpected.  The right amount of stickiness and balance within the rice was what makes it too.  I'm not sure about the seasonings they probably put in it, but that made the rice even better!Overall, I would come with a big group.  We only had to pay about $10-$11 each for our food and drinks we all got. BEWARE, they don't accept credit card!!
Great dumplings! Very bad service and rude servers, the hostess stare at you like a ticking clock to make you eat fast so they sit the waiting customes outside. Loved the squid with salt and jalapeno pepper, well marinated. Okay place if you like sharing a table with strangers. Our server yelled at us so I yelled back my order- that shut him down. Restroom leaves something to be desired- soild and dirty toilet paper on the floor and hand dryer is as old as the paleolithic age.I peeled into the kitchen and am sure it is not the most sanitary one, has a smell (not from the food) but a musty unclean smellSecond time 9/17 to eat here since the soup dumplings are amazing.The male servers are good and attentive to the diners but the HOSTESS- the one who shouts for customers to come in is the RUDEST i have seen. Literally she is screaming at people and throwing the menu on the table and barks at people. Thankfully we finished our dinner , i saw 5 people almost walked out because of her. Told the lady at counter but not sure if she even understood what i said. Great eats, dirty restroom, RUDE lady hostess but at least good male servers.
Fantastic. The best dumplings in the world. The best rice and Chinese dishes I've ever had. A fun time. Order for the whole the table several different things. You've got to try the dumplings of course.
Over the years, the quality of the food has diminished. The soup dumplings are no longer plumpy and juicy. Most of the time, it's dry, I feel like it's been sitting there for hours. For how busy the place is, I would think that they make new batches every few minutes - not sure why it's coming out like that. The shanghai flat noodles are also no longer good. It's extremely oily and bland. Its very disappointing. The wait is usually very long because of tourists and you may need to share a table with someone else. Hopefully, there will be a change soon!
Perhaps the best crab dumplings I've had.  Light and fresh tasting.The crispy beef was good but not fantastic.Communal tables, so we had to share,which is a little weird, but not a big issue.Overall, it was pretty good.
This place was highly recommended and confirmed by all the great reviews. Waited for almost an hour and then had to share a table with 4 others while we were a party of 5. That's 9 total. Fortunately, the table is next to the wall of celebrities. They pack you in tight so there's no room to maneuver to take photos or at least be courteous to your shared dining parties. All of this was well worth the wait. The pork and crab dumplings were to die for. The dumpling skins were not thick which can be too overbearing and takes away the overall flavor. Very good soup and meat flavors. There is nothing frozen about this dish. To enhance this dish, we ordered a side dish of sauteed mushrooms. It was cooked to perfection and not salty like most Chinese joints I've encountered. As busy as they are, there is no sense of rush. The staff are attentive and quick to respond. The place is dated and needs a cleaning but don't let that be a hindrance in dining here. That's why the price is so reasonable. Don't fix it if it ain't broken!Would highly recommend and return. Just wish they had one close to me in CA.
My friend took me here to try their dumplings. We immediately were seated. A couple came right after and sat on the same table. I didn't expect that but my friend told me that the place is set up like that. I ordered what my friend recommend which was crab soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. About 8 dumplings come in a plate. Both were so delicious. It was my first time trying both and I really enjoyed it. The price is also affordable. Only thing I wasn't too fond about was sitting with another group of people
This was my 2nd visit to Joe's, specifically for steamed dumplings and they didn't disappoint. So simple, flavorful and delicious.My own complaint was that we were sitting right by the door and it was getting chilly, so we got cold every time the door was opened.Can't wait for my next visit...
I just have a question , does anyone here know what brand of rice Joe's Shanghai uses? I've been wanting to know for some time now. Come here at least once a month, great soup dumplings.
Such a long wait, not sure if its worth because I was afraid it was overrated. I got the pork soup dumplings which was much better than I expected. The dumpling skin was dying and didn't break that easily. My main dish (shanghai noodle soup) was not so good because it was very oily, I know I won't be getting fat noodle soup anymore. Maybe the dry dish would have been better and if I had someone to share it with.The scallion pancakes were also pretty good.
Good soup dumplings but I have had better. I saw a fight break out in this place due to a religious shrine on the wall. That was cool.
I think the reviews speak for themselves. I was in town visiting a friend and I came to Joe's Shanghai for one thing and one thing only: Xiao long bao. This place tucked away in Chinatown did not disappoint. My two friends and I came on a Monday afternoon (President's day) on a recommendation, and were told to expect it to be very busy. Indeed it was, and the hostess told us it would be about 20 minutes. We were not seated for 45 minutes.. and countless people who arrived after us were seated before us for unknown reasons (even with the same # of people...). It was very frustrating, but we waited patiently in anticipation for the steam buns. The meal made up for it.We were sat around a table with another party of four. We ordered two pork steam buns and a scallion pancake. It all came out very quickly and we were soon chowing down and incredibly happy. It was my first time having soup dumplings, although I have been reading about them for some time, I was just waiting for the right place. Not only were the buns perfectly steamed, meat juicy, and pork broth savory and hot, the gratification of the process of eating them correctly was the best. No wonder people rave about soup dumplings, I have fallen in love with them and I would like to come back here someday to try the entrees. ALSO the price of this delicious meal/snack cannot be beaten. So, one star off for the service, but I would absolutely 100% recommend Joe's for soup dumplings.
You have to try it at least once. Think what you want about the food after you have tried it, but don't base your decision on coming here off of the ratings. That's my gift of advice to anyone reading these reviews who has not been here yet contemplating if they should go.  Some say it's the best food ever and others think it's overrated so really you can't put a stamp on it. Also, bring cash whenever you do decide to come here. No credit cards!BUT, I will walk you through the experience. First off, everyone always says you can tell how authentic a place is by its customers. Well, the crowd here is always extremely diverse. Not only do I always see a family from an asian country, but there are people who have traveled from all over the world as well. There was a man that I met there once who lives in California (grew up in NY) and he told me that every time he comes to visit he makes sure to stop at Joe's before he goes back to Cali. So, that should tell you something right there.... In regards to the wait it really just depends on the time of day you are going. If you show up at 7PM or later you are definitely going to be waiting on a long line. I was actually in the area last night around 10PM and saw my precious Joe's Shanghai with a longggggg line! It's actually a really nice thing to see. It'll be a sad day when I don't see a line there -- the apocalypse will be coming for sure. If you're not in a large party you will mostly likely be seated with other people. The place is cramped with large round tables, and some small on the side. So get ready to meet some new people! There is a crazy amount of service staff everywhere. You can't really tell the difference between waiters and hostesses. You'll also probably be serviced by multiple people for multiple things so if you need anything don't wait for the person you think is "your waiter" because you kind of don't have one. You will feel rushed when ordering. They will automatically assume you want the soup dumplings as well. Seriously, that's the first thing you will be asked "pork or crab?" CAREFUL CAREFUL CAREFUL when you eat them because they are delicate here, but the skin is thicker than other places :). They also stick to the cabbage for some reason? I've only recently encountered this problem with them here, but I still enjoy the soup dumplings regardless. Oh, and the amount of soup in these dumplings is just amazing! It exceeds the amount of space you have in your spoon! This is where I learned how to eat them so Joe's holds a special soft spot in my tummy. So sentimental! You'll be brought tea. Not ice water. So if you want it you'll have to ask for it.... And ask for it as soon as your waiter asks you about those soup dumpling orders ;). The food portions are HUGE. I mean... HUGEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!! Don't even think about eating a dish by yourself you're going to share and you will be full off of the second plate even if you are sharing with other people. Seriously, the pace of the restaurant is so fast but don't let the staff make you feel rushed to eat. Eat at YOUR pace and enjoy it. You waited, and everyone else has to wait too! They add tip to the bill so DON'T TIP! I doubt they changed it. TL;DRYou have to do it at least once, probably will experience a long wait and be seated with people you don't know, portions are huge, service is speedy, don't add tip, MOST WILL AGREE THE FOOD IS AMAZING INCLUDING ME but you need to use your judgement on that one.  ENJOY :D!!
Food - 2 starsService - 2 starsValue - 1.5 starsAmbience - 1 starI would not recommend this restaurant. I will definitely not be returning. The moment I walked in, my gut told me to walk out but the Yelp reviews reported 4 stars and so I decided to give it a chance. Staying was a mistake and a waste of stomach space.
As soon as we seated, they immediately asked if we wanted their soup dumplings. It's like they know you came here FOR their soup dumpling and that's 100% correct (we did). We had the pork and it was delish- definitely will be back to try their other foods. People next to us ordered pan fried noodle and it looked good!P.S- be careful when you eat them, they are HOT and filled with soup! I usually bit a little hole then drink the soup then eat the dumpling.
I just love love soup dumplings. I came here with my cousin who also loves them and I must say we were not disappointed at all. We had the Crab and Pork soup dumplimgs and also tried the shrimp lomein. Absoutely delicious especially the dumplings. We arrived around 7pm on a thursday night and there was a wait for sure. Luckily we were just two so didn't wait very long maybe 5 minutes. Service is quick here you definitely just go because the dumplings are awesome but you won't get super attentive service. I will definitely be back.
I've heard a lot of good things about Joe's Shanghai but wasn't planning to stop by since I can easily eat xiao long bao back home in LA and I usually don't crave it. However my friend kept raving about this place and finally I caved. We were seated around 8 on a weekday and it was crowded but there was no line. We were all starving so between four people we ordered four baskets of pork xiao long bao and an order of green onion pancake. The pancake was quite crispy and surprisingly not as oily as I imagined (but it was still oily lol). The xiao long bao comes nestled lovingly between pieces of shredded napa, which was good to munch on to offset the heaviness of the juicy fatty dumplings. One con is that the vinegar didn't contain much ginger, I'm assuming it's because this restaurant gets a large amount of non Asian customers that probably don't like ginger but I could be wrong. Anyways, the dumplings were so good that we actually ordered another basket after we basically inhaled the first four. I like the fact that they give orange slices at the end, it's a good palate cleanser after all that fatty goodness. And the total came out to be so cheap!! Will definitely come back if I'm ever in the area again.
RL Grime called this one of his favorite restaurants, so we are basically homies.Anyways, two of my friends and I came here around 8-9 pm on a weeknight for a late dinner and we were seated immediately. The service here is very fast! They ask you if you want soup dumplings (uh, yes) right when you sit down to start preparing them right away because they're so popular!! Along with an order of soup dumplings (you get 8), we also got an order of scallion pancakes (2.95) and some kind of noodles.Everything was so freakin delicious. The soup dumplings are HOT but the pain hurts so good. You take a small bite of the dough, slurp out the soup, dip the dumpling in the vinegar, then munch happily.The scallion pancakes are fried and delicious. And I wish I remembered the name of the noodles we had, but just know that the noodles here are delicious.Our total was around $10 each for three people, which is NOT BAD AT ALL. 69/69 would totally come again.
Soup dumpling(with crab meat) was good good!It was very natural( Chinese traditional style) and tastes good(makes me happy)! The restaurant was full with a lot of customers ordering mostly dumplings. Although it was not a fancy atmosphere, I enjoyed the messy. (Sharing the table with others and servers with no smile..haha)It was definitely a good choice to visit this restaurant  on you NY trip.
Unassuming front, tucked up on a side street in Chinatown, this place is actually quite large and bustling. Had some great sesame noodles and scallion pancakes during an epic walk around Manhattan.
My go-to place for soup dumplings! Always crowded but worth to be in line.recently found out that their chicken / peanut dishes are amazing, too.Although they are cash only, prices are good!This is a must-try place if you are in China town area.
I love how piping hot their soup dumplings are every single time.  There's nothing worse than eating a cold soup dumpling and I've had them at other well-known spots in Chinatown.  But never at Joe's.  Their Shanghai Noodles are also fantastic as well as other items.  My usual items are scallion pancakes, General Tso's (I see you judging me, but really...it's really good), and their veggie dishes.  Go early to beat the line!
Anyone else find it amusing the people who give this place less than 4 stars are usually 'out-of-towners'?This place in an NYC staple.  If you don't like sharing a table with other parties, utilizing a Lazy Susan, paying in cash with tip automatically added (which will guarantee servers get tips from patrons - you'd be surprised how many people are so cheap they won't leave tip AT ALL), enjoying low-priced yet amazing food, touching elbows with the people who sit next to you, knocking chairs when trying to leave, leaving the restaurant feeling satisfied, spending time in historic Chinatown, then get the hell out of dodge.  If you can't hack NYC, don't come.I'm sure Bubba Gump Shrimp will welcome you with open arms.Cheers.
DERMAGERD Soup Dumplings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!On a serious note, if TSA wouldn't get mad at me for purchasing a suitcase, filling it with these soup dumplings, and bringing them back to California with me, I totally would have done it.Probably the best Chinese food I have EVER had.  Highly recommend.  If it isn't obvious, get the soup dumplings.
I really don't like to go to touristy restaurants in Chinatown as I feel like these types of restaurants typically cater to the wallets and palates of tourists - however I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. No wonder why there are 30min+ waits with lines out the door for this place.The xiao long bao is awesome and highly recommend the Shanghai rice cakes. The rice cakes were probably the overall favorite just because they had this awesome smoky flavor that I haven't experienced elsewhere.The service is quick, but not overly nice, which is typical for Chinatown as a whole.Points off for price and for shared tables. You will not get your own table unless you have 10 people.
The best xiao long bao I've ever had!!  Why doesn't the west coast have dumplings this good!?MUST ORDERS:*Pork Steamed Buns ($4.95, 8 buns) - So delicious and juicy! The skin was chewy and a bit thick, but that's expected to be able to hold the enormous amount of juices.*Crab Meat w/Pork Meat Steamed Buns ($6.95, 8 buns) - The same as the pork bun versions, but including shredded crab meat in the mix.OTHER ITEMS:*Sesame Beef - Served with a side of broccoli and tastes similar to orange chicken, but beef instead of chicken. *Shanghai Fried Flat Noodles - Good, but a tad greasy.  Thick Shanghai noodles are stir fried with slivers of meat and topped off with basil (I think?). *Scallion Pancake - The pancakes were good, light and fluffy.WHAT TO KNOW:*CASH ONLY!!*15% gratuity is already included on your bill*The buns are 5 stars, but everything else you can pass on*I'm guessing to expect a wait if you come on the weekends. I came on weekdays and though we were seated immediately, the restaurant was packed*Unless you have a big party (think 10-12 people), expect to be seated with other parties*Food comes out quickly*Make use of their delicious hot sauce
I come here every time I visit New York. Yes, every time. The soup dumplings are delicious. I highly recommend!
A few peers and I came here Friday evening (around 8:30) and had to wait so long (40 mins?) that we almost left, but I'm glad we didn't.  The food was well worth the wait; huge portions and bold flavors--perfect for a group.  We were sat at a table with a random couple, which anywhere else might have felt awkward, but here did not. On a side note, when the wait staff tell you that you're ordering half a duck, you're literally ordering half of a duck.  A very large duck.  Be prepared.
I came here mainly for the Soup Dumpings, So that's what I got.  2 orders of the crab w' pork Dumplings.  Soup inside was piping HOT(So be careful) and delicous, the stuffing was very flavorful.  Way better and cheaper than DTF in my opinion. Will definitely make another visit if I'm ever back in NYC.Obviously you should be expecting a long wait time for a place with this many reviews.  I was here over the weekend when it was snowing out and the temperature was in the 1 digit.  But that didnt stop other people from coming here also.  If you come here with 2-3 people, expect to be sharing a round table with other people.  My wait time was around 20-25 minutes.  My only gripe is that if you're asking people that are waiting to wait outside, that you make the effort to go outside to call their numbers.
While the service left something to be desired, the soup dumplings and the Shanghai noodles were incredible. 5 stars for the food, 3 stars for the service.
BEST Xiao Long Bao ever! During my recent visit to NYC, I made to sure to stop by Joe's Shanghai to try their famous soup dumplings and they did not disappoint. Ken. Le and I ended up coming back a second time before we left. The first time, we came around 2:00 p.m. for lunch. There was no wait at that time and we were quickly seated. Before we were ready to order, our server asked if we wanted XLB and we said yes for one order. Apparently, they come in pork or crab. We took a couple more minutes to look through the menu to see what else we wanted to try and ended up ordering Shanghai noodles and a red bean dessert. Both were not good and super greasy. We should have just went with 2 orders of the XLB instead (which we ended up doing our second time).I'm from California and have had my fair share of XLB but I got to say the ones here trumps everything I've had back home so far. I'm sad this place isn't closer to home.
We came here specifically for the soup dumplings and hands down, probably one of the best I've had yet. Thankfully, we came right before the rush so there was no wait. Be sure to come right before 12, because after that, It gets pretty packed. The only weird thing was we were seated at a circular table with a couple already there, so it was a little awkward staring across from us. The first thing the server asked was "would you like to order soup dumplings first?" So it was obvious that this was their specialty! We wanted a light brunch so we ordered two orders of Xiao long bao, one pork and another crab, as well as scallion pancakes. I personally enjoyed the crab more, but both with very good. Steamed on a bed of cabbage, which played as a nice accent and addition to the meal. The soup within the dumplings were plentiful, filled my whole spoon. It was rich and savory, perfect on a cold day, and the meat was well seasoned. The scallion pancakes were nice and crisp but were a bit on the oily side. I'm definitely going to come back for these soup dumplings next time I'm in NY!
Service is annoying. The servers are rude and not at all efficient. I guess they don't really care because their dumplings are good. They were good, not great.
-Very aunthentic chinese food, if you have a small party, be prepared to share a table with others-WARNING: they only take cash so be prepared-Food is amazing!!!!!-Expect a long wait
I will never get sick of this place lol. Two words - soup dumplings. ::drooling:: they are amazing. This place is known for the, for a reason people. You can't come here without getting the. My cousin and I also ordered the crispy beef which was awesome. It's a little heavy but expected. We also got the fat noodles which were a great pairing. The portions here are huge so come super hungry or with a friend!
I decided to check this place out because everyone I know totally RAVES about this place and claims it is the best soup dumplings they have ever had. I come from California..where there it is very easy to find legit (& cheap) chinese food on every block. I got to admit, this place did not live up to the hype. I believe Kung Fu Ramen (49th & 8th) makes better soup dumplings than this place.Pros:--You get seated really fast! We had a huge group of 7 ppl and only had to wait 5 minutes.Cons:--it has a B rating. uhh..what kind of sketchy stuff is going on in the back that prevents it from getting that A?!--Sesame chicken tastes like large orange chicken panda express and the broccoli that comes with it was raw--***ADD $2 TO EVERYTHING ON THE MENU LISTED BY YELP!!!** i was totally expecting a different price than what was actually listed there--be prepared to meet new people because you WILL be seated next to other groups of 2-3! (Though it is a very efficient way of cramming so many ppl into such a small place)Is it bad? No, not necessarily. Would I come again? Ehh....debatable. I believe there are better places in the area.
Damn good Xiao Long Bao & Scallion Pancake. Pretty efficient service too. Hubby thought the shredded turnip buns were legit.
Date number two.  This time it is dinner for Shanghainese pork xiao long bao.  This restaurant has a high table turnover rate and it is extremely loud flooded with the constant Chinese chatter conversations.  Unfortunately my constant sneezing and nose running all day throughout the night I was unable to fully enjoy my date or dinner.  We also ordered Shrimp Pan fried noodles 虾 炒 面 which was swimming with MSG and too much oily sauce.  We shared a table with another party unable to have our individual table as it were Yum Cha style due to lack of space.  This restaurant is very popular for Lo Fans who are inexperienced with authentic Chinese food especially Shanghainese.  The xiao long bao are on point in true Shanghainese ethnic.  I can consume xiao long bao as if it were a full fledged meal.  We both enjoyed the soup dumplings as they are a Shanghainese staple and necessity.  Extremely loud restaurant as you cannot hear yourself think.  Dinner time is very crowded and it is extremely inaudible for couples or families to engage in intense physiological conversations with my date.  Waiter service is below average. My date is very dry monochromatic who exhibit signs of great selfishness and apathetic.
The most amazing soup dumplings and scallion pancakes you will ever taste. There is typically a line, but it moves very fast. Communal seating, extremely affordable, cash only. This place is the best!!!
Have you met my friend Cathy H? She wrote a really great review of Joe's Shanghai where she offers step-by-step directions on how to eat Xiao Long Boa(see here: yelp.com/biz/joes-shangh…). First let me say, you MUST eat at Joe's Shanghai, when in NYC Chinatown, and like other yelpers have said the one thing you absolutely must get are these dumplings. They are a rarity on most menus (at least in DC) and the ones they make here are superb.I took Cathy's list of directions as a table side reference on my last visit to Joe's Shanghai, because every time I have eaten here I managed to make a big sloppy mess of myself. If you're shy about how to tackle eating a delicate soup filled dumplings, I recommend printing her review out and bringing it with you.Be aware that Joe's Shanghai seats people family style, so if you come in as a pair you will most likely be seated at a big table with others. Normally, this is not a problem, but you have XLB dysfunction like I do, you'll get performance anxiety at the thought of eating this delicious yet technically complicated dumpling in front of other people, particularly if you're non-Asian. This might be a result of my many years under the watchful eye of my former Asian Mother in Law or the fact that I am not familiar with foods that gush. Every single other person in this restaurant, manages to eat their XLB with such grace, gently lifting it with tongs, biting small holes and sucking out that delicious broth like a freaking dumpling vampires. They finish their entire basket of dumplings with a clean white plate and table cloth under them. I complete a bowl of dumplings with pants and shirt covered in broth, my plate overflowing in broth, and with a table cloth with soup slaughter stains all over it.So if you're not as skilled as 99% of this restaurant is with eating XLB, I now present my own instructions for eating XLB:Step One: Wear a dark shirt and pantsStep Two: Walk in and be seated with other patrons.Step Three: Order either pork and/or pork with crab XLB, request 2 additional cloth napkins.Step Four: Make sure other dining patrons are not watching and judging you.Step Five: Grab XLB from basket with tongs, accidentally puncture the top, place on spoon Step Six: Act like you know what you are doing and puncture a small hole with your mouth, try to suck out broth (which is thick and oily, and flavorful).Step Seven: Scream cause it's hot.Step Eight: drop dumpling on plate, watch broth ooze from all the dumpling puncture woundsStep Nine: Make sure other dining patrons are not watching and judging you.Step Ten: Grab injured XLB, spoon sauce on it and shove in your mouthStep Eleven:  Scream cause it's hot.Step Twelve: Repeat steps 4-11 for the rest of the remaining 7 dumplings.Despite the mess and extra laundry to do, these dumplings are amazing, and worth it. I can't wait for my next trip!
Joe's Shanghai is like any other stereotypical Chinese restaurant.  It's staffed by no nonsense Chinese who may be a little blunt and ready to rush you out of there.  It's loud and crowded, but hey, you're not there for the atmosphere.  You're there for the xiao long bao!  We had a long layover in NYC, and decided this place was a must.  We ordered one pork and one pork and crab.  I preferred the pork and crab.  The pork was a little dry.  The pork and crab xiao long bao had the perfect amount of soup in it, the wrapper was just the right amount of thickness, and it was succulent.  Of course, I forgot that I recently had an allergic reaction to crab, and this set off another reaction, but it was totally worth it!  We also had two bowls of noodle soup, and they were delicious! Broth was flavorful, and it really hit the spot.
From my experience about this place they don't even deserve one star, they only deserve a kick up in their assets before I go out. I haven't tried any of their food but as soon as I walked in with my wife it was so packed and they share tables I said OK that's new to me but good I liked the idea. We've waited to over 10 mins till a Chinese waiter came and my wife asked him about something in the menu, he seemed distracted and didn't answer her and left all of a sudden. I told her let's get out this is so disrespectful. Stupid waiter. Oh one more thing. I was disgusted by the smell as soon as I walked in.. It smells like a chicken farm.
We arrived here at 6pm during the week and the wait wasn't too bad. I believe we were seated within 5 minutes with the caveat being that we had to share a table with two other parties. Although this would be strange to someone from the U.S., sharing a table with complete strangers is pretty common in Asian countries. On top of that, service was a bit lacking and unorganized here. Now on to the food! The dumplings here are great and are definitely above average. Being from Los Angeles, we're a bit spoiled being predisposed to a diverse number of dumpling restaurants. The soup dumplings here are very juicy and packed full of flavor. It literally squirts in your mouth with every bite. The price here is pretty fantastic for a restaurant in New York. 8 dumplings came out to be $4.95. The quality to cost ratio is off the charts here.I would definitely say that this restaurant lives up to the hype as being one of the original soup dumpling establishments in the east coast. Minus one star for the slow service and seating arrangement though.
During jury duty at a nearby court someone recommended the dim sum and it was easily the best I've had anywhere (SF, Boston, NYC). It's a cramped and hurried place, but that's to be expected in Chinatown. Since I was by myself I got seated along with 4 other small parties at a big table. Quick service and very attentive and lots of current celebrity pictures on the wall. Now, the best part. I ordered the steamed pork buns as my meal since it was just me and didn't want leftovers. They looked very different than the steamed buns I'm used to (the denser, fluffier kind with the kind of bbq flavored strips of pork). These were soft, thin, and filled with thinly ground pork in a broth that was rich, tender, and succulent. If I had no qualms, I would've slurped the broth left on my fish. I did my best by just taking spoonfuls. I hardly use "life changing" when describing food but this goes on my top 10 dishes of all time. Will definitely come back.
Soup dumplings - good; other Chinese food - good; space available to sit and configuration - really, really tight.Don't miss Joe's Shanghai if you love soup dumplings.  They do have the best in the city.
Had the crab and pork xlb which were disappointing because a few were not sealed properly and had no soup by the time they got to us.  The flavor was good though. The fried pork dumplings were delicious and the scallion pancakes were my favorite.Find them a bit expensive for Chinatown.Will be back to try other menu items and the scallion pancakes again!
Best kept secret in NYC. Best soup dumplings in town. Without a doubt will continue to be a patron here for years to come, already been going over a year, addicting.
Items Selected:Pork Steam BunsFried Pork DumplingsKung Pao Chicken Pan Fried Noodles with BeefOriginally located in Flushing, the Soup Dumplings such a sensation that locations in Chinatown and Midtown soon followed, Joe's Shanghai is as close to an institution as anything in the Five Boroughs, accolades from the Times, Zagat and several international publications turning each walk-in-only Restaurant into the sort of place both locals and tourists are willing to line up for.Originally founded in 1995, though the praise and décor would make many assume the restaurant that has since expanded to Japan is far older, it was around 2pm on a Saturday that a party of three approached Joe's at 9 Pell Street, the low-ceilinged space completely full with persons of all ages, colors and ethnicities, one of the six-person communal rounds soon to partially open up after a mere ten minutes of standing at the door.Owned by Mei Ping Matsumura and "Joe" Si, the somewhat Americanized Chinese menu taking its roots in the food of Hong Kong but spreading across hundreds of items including a few, like the sweet Congee, that servers will frankly tell patrons *not* to order, it is with Hot Tea (that is also used to wipe down tabletops) already present that diners are handed menus, Tap Water refilled intermittently on request with a few additional Sodas and softdrinks also available.Mostly English friendly, a necessity thankfully recognized by ownership as no effort has been made to detail dishes on the menu - the famous xiaolongbao still listed as "Pork Steam Buns" even though almost everyone calls the Soup Dumplings either that or XLB, it is essentially as if servers already have "1" or "2" written down as they seat patrons, the former $8.25 and stuffed with Pork plus Crab while the $6.25 version eschews the Crustacean and comes across with a smooth, briny smack thanks to the cloudy Aspic with a surprising amount of shredded Meat mixed in it.Flooding the table with condiments, chopsticks, small cups and eventually food, those ordering past the Dumplings are offered a bevy of options including whole Ducks, various Seafoods and Noodle dishes, the Fried Pork Dumplings taking a wrapper similar in thickness to those of the Soup Dumplings and placing it around ground Sausage with just a bit of spice and serving it with Ginger-infused Soy for dipping.Hoping that a place of such regard would have mastered Kung Pao Chicken, though the Sichuan origin of that dish probably should have raised some second thoughts at a place with Shanghai above its door since the areas are over thirteen hundred miles apart, Joe's version comes with a lot of oil and not much spice, the Vegetables completely eschewed with extra Peanuts filling in alongside the generous plate of cubed slightly overcooked Breast Meat.Doing better by the Pan Fried Noodles, a Shanghai standard that here sees thick, flour lengths first broken and then cooked springy in Dark and Light Soy Sauce plus a bit of Sugar, Joe's Beef is sliced thin and added to the pan late which makes for a unique taste with some bites briny and others meaty, the sautéed Spinach standing in for Bok Choy another odd choice leads to an earthy finish, rather than the more typical bitter.
Great place!  Was hoping for dim sum but not a fan of pork although the people at other tables said it was the best they ever had We got the sesame noodles and Szechuan beef (a bit spicy but great). AC was fantastic I would have give 5 stars, but they charged me $1.50 for rice wo telling me.
The soup dumplings- amazing. Never had before, so I may be inexperienced to make that call, but I would go back and wait in that crazy line again just for them! Dumplings, rice/lo mein, and an entree dish would be enough for 3-4 average eaters- and all for about $10pp including tip!!! Great value. Plus, unlimited jasmine tea (a fave). Be prepared for a long wait, long bathroom lines, subpar service, and sitting with a table of strangers. But like I said- that price!
If you're ever in china town NY you mist stop by Joes for some soup dumplings. Try to get there when the restaurant opens to avoid the wait. Its small but most places in NY are and the turn around time is quick. Sometimes you might be sitting with another party at your table. My favorite is the crab dumplings but the pork is good too. Both are packed with flavor. It might take you a few times to master not spilling all the broth on your plate.
First off, two heads-up for any potential diners: (1) You will only be seated you if your whole party is present and will most likely be seated at a shared table with other diners and (2) They are CASH-ONLY so be sure you are bringing enough Benjamins with you if you plan on ordering lots. Joe's Shanghai has been on my NYC To-Do list for a while and I was excited two weekends ago when I finally got to cross it off. That excitement quickly simmered down once I started eating. This place should be really reviewed based on the merits of its food, since I can say the prices are reasonable, the service is solid, and the atmosphere and seating is expected - it's a popular Chinese restaurant in the heart of Chinatown so expect it to be noisy and crowded. So, the food...To be honest, I may have set my expectations too high when coming here. All my friends told me this was the go-to place for soup dumplings and I have been dying to try it. For the meal, we ordered two steamers of soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao), Kung Pao Chicken, Mapo Tofu, and noodle soup. The focus of this review is probably going to be on the soup dumplings; the other food was solid, fresh, and good but fairly average compared to this restaurant's peers in the area. Soup Dumpling Soliloquy:So I am by no means a soup dumpling expert, but there are a few things I like to see when I eat one. There has to be a well-made casing to hold in all the soup, the broth should be flavorful, and the filling should really accentuate all three together into one very satisfying bite. Joe's Shanghai kind of delivered on all of this. Kinda. The casing was fine, the broth had some taste, and the filling...tasted like filling. So it was a decent dumpling, but I fail to see where all this hype is coming from. I guess the food was hot so that's a plus and the wait to get in wasn't too long, but for me this definitely ended up being just a checklist experience - something so that I can say I've been to Joe's Shanghai. There are lots of places to get quality dim sum around Chinatown, and not that this place was bad by any means, but I would probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. tl;dr 95% chance this place is overhyped, 5% chance I had just had an off experience. Food is fresh, but average
Soup dumplings are great and cheap 8 for about $6.50Great variety of dishes and good quality, every dish is quite tastefulStaff is not that friendly (specially the hostess), place is usually packed
Dear Joes Shanghai,You just lost a loyal customer today. You have been my favorite for over 10 years. I took my family, who's never been to NY, to visit and highly recommended you. However, today's experience-  I'm highly disappointed and will never come back. Your server, who brought out the wrong food, yelled at us. Your "Diced pork & Dry bean curd" dish was mainly made of chicken. When pointed out, you claimed a string of pork ear was "pork", and that was the only pork ingredient in your diced pork dish. Although the food was incorrect, the servers attitude was the most upsetting, being yelled loudly by your server. We won't be coming back, but as well-known as you are. I'd recommend you retrain your server so other guests won't have to experience that we went through.
Not much to say about this other than AWESOME soup dumplings! The only thing I find a little weird at first is that you sit with other people but other than that it's a great spot to get your dumpling fix. It's crowded and busy, but it's worth the wait!
Classic Americanized Chinese food. Decent soup dumplings but worth stopping in if you're looking for good Chinese in Manhattan!
Best Asian food I've ever had. The soup dumplings were good. A little overly sticky but the broth and meat inside was great. The vinegar soy sauce with ginger was fantastic on everything.  I took the eating advice of another reviewer. 1. Put the dumpling in the soup spoon and then bite the top of the dumpling to create a small hole.2. Sip the broth out. 3. Put the vinegar soy ginger sauce inside. 4.  Eat in one bite. In addition to this my wife had the chicken fried rice and I had the Sichuan noodles with beef. Both were a little greasy but was very good. Better flavor than most fried rice dishes I've had.  They have hot tea already at the table so that is included with the water as well as they offer Asian beer options. By wife had a Tsing...something and she liked it. There were a lot of people at 2pm for lunch. The numbering/ticket system was a bit screwy and a little confusing as they do "number checks" quite often and if you miss understanding that it's a number check the. You thought no you are being seated. The seating is communal but we don't mind this as it's a great way to meet new people....or be annoyed by them. Lol. The cost was good and was the cheapest meal we had as it came out to around $35 for everything.  I'd say this was a score and we really liked liked it.
In Chinatown NY, lays the home to one of the most famous dumplings in the world. The world famous soup dumpling from Taiwan makes a US appearance at the one and only Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown. Now as a lover of all things Taiwan (and since my family is from there) I've had my share of Taiwanese soup dumplings it also known as xiao long bao. This soup dumpling is one of the best that I've had and I do have to say, it beats the ones from Taiwan. The soup dumpling has got so much flavor and soup in the dumpling that you carefully pick them up and place it into your soup. Bite a small hole so you can get a little of the soup out and then pour some soy sauce and vinegar on top to add a little pizazz and then consume it all in one bite. Careful, contents may be hot but oh so delicious. Joe's Shanghai does the xiao long bao right here and man I'm so excited to have tried this place and can't wait to tell all my friends about it!!
I'm going to be the black sheep here and say that although Joe's Shanghai is good, I believe Shanghai Manor is better.You start by taking a number and wait outside among other eager eaters. A hostess will come out to call your number based on party size not based on the number she gave you. Oh and she may quote you 30 minutes but surely, it may be greater than that wait time.They offer communal seating in round tables and for me, it makes it somewhat unbearable to eat as others watch me devour soup dumpling after soup dumpling. Soup dumplings are a solid 7.5/10. The dough is too thick and most of my soup dumplings were deflated with not enough soup!! BLEH. Moving on, their seasonal sauteed vegetable dish is literally broccoli, onions, a few wild mushrooms and bean sprouts. Meh. The sauce was just whatever as well. I surely don't think it's worth the 30+ minute wait but be my guest. I'll stick with Shanghai Manor.
Came here to experience authentic dim sum and was not disappointed! The food was delicious, and also very affordable (our whole meal was only $31)!! I definitely would recommend ordering the soup dumplings since they were absolutely amazing!!! This is a great place to come with friends or family if you want great food!
Joe's Shanghai was very adequate. I'm giving it three stars because I didn't have incredibly high expectations, but I asked my friend what she thought and she said two because of it's reputation as some of the best dim sum in the city. HOWEVER, as long as your expectations aren't as inflated as Joe's Shanghai's reputation, it's really not bad.The pros: 1) The system for getting seated was actually better than I expected. They give you a ticket with a number on it (like the deli counter at the grocer) and you're seated in order that way. It's a good way of ensuring that you won't be forgotten if you come at a time when there's a long wait. Also, we came at 7:30 on a Friday and only waited 15 minutes. Maybe we were just lucky, but I was surprised it was such a short wait. 2) Service was fast - if we hadn't taken some time to sit and chat after our meal, we could have been out of there in like 30 minutes.3) CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP - total bill per person after more than enough food + a beer for each one of us was $20. They add on a service charge but it's only 15% - I only tip lower than that normally if something horrendous happens, so tip was actually cheaper than what I probably would have paid otherwise.The cons:1) The food was just mediocre. We ordered 2 orders of soup dumplings (note: for whatever reason on their menu the dumplings are listed as 'pork buns'. We tried to order both, thinking the dumplings were off-menu, and were told they were the same thing), the fried pork dumplings, the scallion pancake, shrimp lo mein, and mai fun - for four of us, it ended up being way more than enough food. The soup dumplings were some of the best I've had, but my boyfriend said that he's had better near his office in midtown. The fried dumplings were okay, although I thought they were too greasy/heavy. I didn't personally try the scallion pancake or the lo mein. The mai fun was okay, although the shrimp in it was pretty gnarly. I hate when places don't de-vein their shrimp.2) I did NOT like the communal seating. Other reviewers had mentioned it and I assumed it was like a long table sort of thing - rather, we had a round table for 8 people and our party of 4 was sat with a family of 4. It was so so weird, and rather uncomfortable. Felt like an elementary school lunch table. Oranges were brought out with the check, which was nice. TL;DR: Maybe would come back if in the area, wouldn't go out of my way again. CASH ONLY.
A typical Chinese eatery, that has become famous for its soup dumplings. There's lines of people out the door, and it's a cash only establishment.While the soup dumplings are pretty good, the main thing is that they're cheap! $7 gets you 8 soupy dumps. Now I'm no mathematician, but i make that 0.87c a dumpling, which isn't half bad. The rest of the food is relatively standard for what you'd expect for a chinese restaurant - it includes all the staples such as general Tso's, black bean etc. The place doesn't take reservations, so if you come with a group, chances are you're in for a wait! As I say, the dumplings are good, but it's only 3 stars for me because I don't think the dumplings are so good that it's worth the wait. I'd much recommend going to Jing Fong (which again, has decent soup dumplings for the price, but probably no wait).
Omg, so much MSG my throat is dry the next two days.Joe's Shanghai is known for their soup dumplings/xiaolongbaos. The meat is super soft and there is darn good piping hot soup residing inside the dumpling shell. BUT (yes there is a but), there's too much excess skin for my liking, thus creating an ultra saggy and unpleasant looking dumpling. I've had better but this is pretty solid for NY standards.The jelly fish was overly chewy and unmemorable. #chewingfordays. I'd skip.The crispy pepper duck was too dry and overcooked, definitely not what I'm accustomed to.The pan fried noodles had too much noodle and not enough sauce to coat and soften the noodles.The fried rice cakes were bomb and delicious on day 2 (leftovers).The scallion pancake was crunchy and pretty darn savory when dipped in sauce.Clams with scallion and ginger was light and refreshing. Very 清 and the best pick of the night!Overall, Joe's is pretty standard. It's your typical Chinatown restaurant with the addition of above average soup dumplings. Oh yeah, CASH ONLY!
The Chinatown location does not accept credit card, you need to share a table with strangers even though there are plenty of empty tables available, unfriendly waiter and waitresses. I have to point out their mid-town location has much better services.
You can smell the vinegar outside when you're walking up the street to Joe's.  This is the place to be if you want some Xiao Long Boa (steamed soup dumplings).  They are pretty famous in NYC and there are pics of celebs with the owner all over the walls.  Bf and I met another couple for a late lunch on a weekday.  It was pretty crowded but we were seated immediately.  We ordered the Pork XLB, Crab XLB and boiled Pork dumplings.  The steamed XLB were much bigger than I've seen in SF.  They were very good and had a rich broth inside each of the pouches of goodness.  The pork XLB was my favorite.  It was fragrant and filled with plenty of meat.  The crab filling on the other order of XLB was good too.  The boiled pork dumplings had a nice wrapper....not too thick and had a nice chewiness.  The meat was very dense (not what I'm used to) and almost like a meatball consistency.  Great lunch overall.  It was $21 total.  Nice and filling meal.
We were in Chinatown, and despite living in either North Jersey or NYC most of my life and frequenting chinatown, I had never been to this iconic spot.We really wanted exceptional XLB which I hadn't had in a really long time.  So we ended up at this Famous landmark.  Everything was excellent.  The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive.  The Bao was great.  The other dishes we ordered were very tasty.  The prices were not outrageous. I don't think I would wait in the crazy lines that can form there when every tourist in the city is lining up to get in.  There are other good places in Chinatown to try, but Joe's is definitely worth trying.
They still have it. I used to come here monthly about 15 years ago. I finally came back and it was so worth it.  THE BEST DUMPLINGS HANDS DOWN!!!!!!!!!!
Came here with cousins during our NY trip over winter break. Didn't really know what to expect. We waited for about 45 mins and shared our table with two other people.Tried the pork dumplings and the pork & crab combo ones. The pork dumplings were AMAZING and our favorite. Size wise, they are pretty big, and the delicate skin did a good job of holding in all that soup. Be careful while slurping all that hot soupy goodness inside. We tried the scallion pancake too but it was just okay. Since then, I'm been trying to find dumplings in the SF Bay Area and nothing has come close to these juicy babies. Joe's Shanghai, west coast needs you!!
My signicant other- who is from Shanghai- says this is one of the most authentic in NY.  I guess I will believe her.
Not bad at all, but I guarantee you'll find better on the Pacific side :)The only things really worth ordering were the xiao long bao, all the other food was not even mediocre. The skin was a little thick for my liking but the broth was tasty. Be prepared to have a shared table.
Amazing amazing soup dumplings. The pan fried noodles was very good as well. We had a little awkward situation while sharing the table but the manager was very sweet and put us at another table.
Truly the soul food of Asian cuisine is XLB's. Between the rich fatty broth inside the bun to the densely flavorful meat and skin, it's impossible not to recognize XLBs in a class of its own.Joe's Shanghai is no different. The simplicity of the ingredients and the familiarity of consistently low prices makes this establishment one to remember. It was featured in many foodie lists and mainstream travel shows but they still serve humble dishes for the everyday person. The portions are good, the food tasty and unpretentious. The XLBs are steamed in a bamboo pot and served to you in it as well. Be careful not to burn yourself with the broth. It's very easy to get carried away. The seating is quite horrendous. If you're not coming in a group of 4 or 5, expect to be communally seated and not in that trendy hipster coffee house kind of way. It's more like in a round table forcing you to stare away at something than to look someone in the eye while you're eating. If that doesn't bother you, go ahead and enjoy the food in the simplest, most practical way.
Steamed buns w/ pork and crab meat taste good! Yan Du Xian somehow freaked me out...a large portion of pork that we 4 couldn't finish half of it.
Great service and fast! The food was amazing. We had the famous pork dumplings and the crab. Next time I will just order the pork. They were our favorites also ordered the scallion pancakes amazing and a chicken noodle soup. All the food was great. Can't wait to go back.
It's very disappointing. This restaurant is definitely OVERRATED. The service is terribly bad. The foods are just like what you expect in an average Chinese restaurant. I won't call it authentic Shanghainese. Nope. The restaurant automatically adds 15% service fee on your check "for your convenience."  I guess that is the root cause for such poor service. The waiters do not care much about their customers. We split the table with another pair of customers. The other half of the table came later than us, but got to order earlier. Later the waiter totally messed up two different orders. Both parties ordered the signature dumplings. The other pair of customers got it right away, while we waited for maybe 30 minutes. We had to remind the waiter SEVERAL times to get our foods. By the time we got the complete order, the other pair of customers already finished their dinner and left...I assure you will find tons of Shanghainese restaurants in NYC better than this one. Again, it shocks me that this restaurant gets 4-stars review. That's OVERRATED. You would be wasting your valuable time if you expect a 4-stars restaurant.
Came here with two friends. Wait is about an hour depending on when you come. This place was on my dumpling roadmap so while we waited we walked over to try Nice Green Bo. Between the two, I would have to pick Joe's Shanghai. When you first enter Joe's, they greet you and give you a ticket. They call out ticket numbers whenever a table is available. Really busy on a weekend morning/afternoon. I ordered the pork soup buns and the crab soup buns. I like the texture of the dumpling wrap. It's not as thick as Nice Green Bo. But the soup buns are pretty salty. I probably chugged a glass of water for every 4 buns I ate. If I have to choose between the pork or crab soup buns, I would pick the pork one all the time. P.S. BE CAREFUL TO NOT BURN YOURSELF BY STUFFING THE WHOLE THING IN YOUR MOUTH! Definitely be coming back again.
The hype is real. Their infamous soup dumplings delivered. We got both the pork and pork/crab and their scallion pancakes and another fried lobster dish but who cares about their other dishes right? Let's get straight to business. In the West Coast, where I come from, Din Tai Fung is the place to go for soup dumplings. Which one was better you ask? Well honestly it comes down to taste and preference. Joe's Shanghai's soup dumblings are bigger and filled with more soup! YUMMM!!! BUT...It was also more oily and heavy as well. I prefer the clean taste of Din Tai Fung but for oil, lard lovers, I can see why Joe's Shanghai reigns on top in NYC!
The food is a bit pricey ($15+ for general tso's) but delicious. It was my first time trying their soup dumplings. They were good in my opinion, but personally I prefer fried which is why I wasn't too crazy about them. I also tried the scallion pancakes and they were amazing! The only thing I didn't like is that you have to share tables with strangers (must be a cultural thing)! It was the quietest dinner I've ever had with my boyfriend. It makes it really uncomfortable to have a private conversation, not to mention there's barely enough room for your food since table space is limited. If you decide to come here make sure to bring a bunch of friends so you get your own table. Also, cash only!
Food was good. You have to sit next to whatever seat is available meaning you can sit next to a stranger. Quick prompt service however bathroom and setting of the restaurant.
As close to traditional Chinese food you will ever get  at a restaurant in Manhattan. Soup dumpling are fenominal but also the whole fish is delicious. If you love fish, I recommend getting any fish prepared whole on the menu.
I usually love the food here but today I was not as impressed. The pancakes and noodles were super greasy. The bao were really doughy and the dough was tough. I also found a piece of plastic in the noodles. I get they are busy but I think they should be a little more aware of what they are doing. Definitely questioning if I would go back.
Okay. For me, the perfect xiao long bao should have: thin yet firm dumpling skin. Clean, savory, hot broth. Juicy, flavorful, tender meat filling. It seems so simple but lots of XLB places only have some of these qualities, and some come extremely close to perfection, while others just do not even bother.Joe's pretty much has all of the above. And I live in Arcadia, so I frequent Din Tai Fung (for those who are in the know) and they also pretty much produce the perfect XLBs. But I like Joe's just a taaad bit more......................... :O I think it has a sort of rustic quality to it that makes it more comforting.Their xlbs got that delicate thin skin that's somehow able to hold in that savory broth, which is absolutely important because if the skin is too thick/doughy then it might as well be bread. And their hot sauce/chilli oil! Dude it's so tasty and spicy. Perfect with a bit of vinegar and that hot soup and filling ohhhhman. It's so delicious. You can slurp the soup out then eat the dumpling, or let that whole thing explode in your mouth (sounds dangerous doe)... any way you do it, it's so so good.My bf and I ordered 2 rounds of pork xlbs and 1 plate of fried dumplings. Their fried dumplings are super bomb too, but a little bit oily. Between 2 of us, it was the perfect meal on a cold rainy day.We came at an awkward time so the restaurant was only half full, but we were seated in a 6-people table with 2 other diners. They really try to make the most out of their space I guess. I don't really care about seating arrangements lol, but might throw some people off so be prepared to sit with strangers! Also, the lady we shared a table with was quite a starer. I'm not sure if it's cos I'm so beautiful or cos I was eating like a pig or what... but that didn't stop me from chowing down.Anyway, cheap, delicious food. We didn't bother with any other menu items, so I can't recommend anything else.
The soup dumplings were amazing! The staff wasn't friendly, but they were very efficient. I will totally be coming back!
Best xiao long baos ever. If you have a small group (ie 2-3 people) and in Chinatown, come here! There could be a wait, but very short wait. Only thing is you WILL most likely share a table with another group. It's fine. Do your thang, order food, eat, converse with them if you want or don't.If you're in the mood just for dumplings, you don't have to look any further than the Appetizer part of their menu. The cheap/good stuff is ALL THERE.Crab & pork steamed buns (xiao long baos - it doesn't say "soup dumplings")Pork steamed buns^order these two, ~$13 for both and they come 8 pcs in each orderScallion pancakes, ~$2.5 for a small order but enough to taste and soooo freakin goodAlso got the dumpling soup from the appetizer menu to-go, it would've been good fresh/hot, but it was still great when we took it home + reheated.Cash only!Friendly and very attentive staff. Deserves a visit when you're in NYC!
Good food, scallion pancake, pork dumplings, orange beef, beef flat noodles But the service is Horrible! What a shame! The waiter was none attentive and rude. They literally throw the plate on the table and runway . Oh and 15% tip automatically included and they only take cash! If you're a foodie who likes good service, spend your money somewhere else.
Came here about 12 on a Saturday and there was a 20 min wait for 2 people. I had read ahead about the place so was satisfied and happy. Things you should know:There will be a waitYou will be sat at a table with othersService is fast and somewhat rushed to get everyone in 15% gratuity already added to billthe pork soup dumplings are awesome and you need to order them as soon as you sitYou get hot tea with your orderI also liked the scallion pancakes however not the best I've ever had they were quite good. Shanghai noodles were also very good but oily in a good taste way but bad for your stomach later ! These things are reasonable priced. Not sure why chicken dishes are so pricey here but we didn't get them. For the soup dumplings. I thought there was a decent amount of pork and that delicious broth. The crab ones I heard are a bit fishy so I stayed away.  We had  an extra item on our bill that we had to ask them to remove so check your bill !
Came here by myself (party of 1 is always slightly embarrassing, but I'm not ashamed) on Saturday night at 7:30 and there was a line out the door. I waited about 30 minutes and then was seated at a table with 10 other people. I ordered one order of the crab soup dumplings and one of the pork soup dumplings. They come in eights. Yes, I sat down, I ate 16 soup dumplings myself, paid (cash only) and left.I liked the crab ones better than the pork ones. The pork ones tasted like a lot of other pork dumplings. And after my 16, my mouth felt kind of dry (even after downing two cups of water and two cups of tea). But for as hectic as it was in there, service was pretty attentive and quick.Note: The crab dumplings were $8-something and pork were $6-something, and they automatically tack on a 15% service charge (yes even for a party of 1), so after tax it came out to about $18 total.
Best dumplings around! And all the dishes were excellent too. Somewhat of a wait but definitely worth it!!
Making soup dumplings is a true art form, which this place has mastered. They looked good, tasted awesome and the prices were fair. Staff was a bit odd crumpy which in this case just added to the experience. A new must in NYC.
(12.12.15) Yum, yum! Had the pork soup dumplings and the crab & pork soup dumplings. The ginger in the soy sauce was great. Line is incredibly long and they pack you in like sardines, but it's worth it for the experience. They even have pics of Jeremy Lin's visit there on their walls!
Amazing soup dumplings, terrible service. Was seated at a table with 7 other strangers (talk about awkward!) and the waiter was practically shouting at me. He also would clear our plates without asking or before we were even finished.
This place is definitely overrated. Order soup dumpling for my lunch base on good reviews, but very disappointed. The soup dumpling taste terrible, by no way it could be one of the best soup dumpling in NYC. The dumplings were too thick, the pork meat inside were not fresh at all. I was order based on the Yelp menu, I was very surprise when it came out to be $6.80 after tax for the pork meat soup dumpling, and they accept CASH ONLY.
Great soup dumplings! I always bring my friends here when they visit the city for the first time. This time, I brought my parents and they enjoyed it so much. We got there 30 mins before open bc of my parents' flight schedule and they were nice enough to let us sit at the table and wait, and even brought us tea and drinks to have while waiting. Really appreciated it because we were so tired and the servers looked busy getting ready to open but didn't seem to mind accommodating for us. We ordered so many of those dumplings so that's mainly what we had but also had the shanghai thick noodles, which was also very good. Love the dipping sauce that comes with the dumplings. Also try scallion pancakes if you have a chance!
So disappointing. We ordered crabmeat xiaolongbao, yuntun soup and fired rice cakes. All taste weird and bad. I would say not even as good as any other random restaurant in Chinatown. Don't know why it is so over-rated. Will never go there again.
Soup Dumpling still flavor packed ! We had another great dinner here a few nights ago
Great spot in Chinatown for some very good food. The soup dumplings are a thing to behold. Make sure you pick them up the right way or you will ruin one and look like a tourist in the process.  Getting here pretty much any time after opening means waiting for a table.  If you are just a small group, you may be seated with other people. Not very big inside. Service is quick and helpful. They are pretty organized in running things from what I've seen and have never had a problem with our orders.  Worth making a stop here for next fix of Chinese food.
Love this place! But the only thing I can really recommend is the soup dumplings, which they are famous for. We ordered the pork fried rice, duck, and other dishes but they were just sort of lackluster. Nothing special. Also ordered the fresh ginger ale and it was OK. Not my favorite. The service is quick but not the friendliest. The person that sat us was sort of rude. I understand the place is packed but still, no need for that standoffish attitude. Will definitely go here again for the soup dumplings but probably nothing else.
Food is pretty good, the sea bass is really fresh and shrimp dumpling was very good. but super crowded at lunch time and cramped space and noisy.
The restaurant is in an alley. Despite the location, there was a crowd of people, which made us reluctant to wait. However, after having to track down the waitress with the seating list, we literally got seated right away.It was uncomfortable sitting with other groups but everyone got used to it.The servers were actually pretty nice/helpful, though sometimes hard to grab their attention. The waitresses handling the people were actually the ones more hostile. We tried the crab soup dumpings, pork soup dumpings, and scallion pancakes.We were stuffed by the end of it. All were pretty tasty, but too much..I was crying for hot sauce by the end of it. As the restaurant isn't all that clean, I opted out of using the sketchy old-looking bottle of hot sauce in the middle of the table. Be careful to not burn your tongue from the soup from the dumpings! If I had to choose between the two types, I would order the crab. The scallion pancakes would also be a great appetizer to share among multiple people.
Staff may come off as rude but they're really just being fast and efficient. Now on to the soup dumplings.Get them. Lots of them. Order them as soon as you sit along with some scallion pancakes and then you can decide on anything else.They will come out piping hot so nibble then sip soup cautiously unless you don't mind a hurt mouth for the next few days.The seafood is just pork with a little red seafood coloring. Save your money. Get the pork.
This restaurant is definitely a gem. You must try it and you can definitely get some amazing food here.First thing you should know is that you sit with strangers. There's no individual tables so you're going to be seated with maybe 4 to 7 other strangers. I've actually seen a lot of international people here. Many are very friendly and it kind of truly is family-style.Another thing is it's dirt cheap. You can get a lot of the smaller plates and fill up easily and pay $15 a person. You'll feel more than satisfied, even if you're the American at the table.I recommend the cold sesame noodles, and the soup dumplings. They are to die for. Also the Fried dumplings and there is this pancake thing which is pretty good. I had this steak soup kind of thing too and it wasn't so great. But everything else is pretty much delicious that I have had.
When its 20s out, lets go to Joe's for some piping hot soup dumplings! You'll not regret it! We were a little too late to meet our friends at Joe's ginger (by late I mean when we got to Pell st, we saw them on the street, sorry buddies)So we decided to join the hype. Believe the hype! Soup dumplings here are amazing and they know it! We got seated right away, in a very Hong Kong style manner aka shared table. The waiter will ask you first off, do yoi want soup dumplings (even before they ask what you'd like to drink). Here we go, 2 orders of dumplings; 1 crab meat 1 pork. It 2ae so juicy! We also ordered a soup noodle and fried rice to supplement but to be honest I came here for dumplinga and thats what I am rating them for. They come in 8 dumplings per order, I think its $5for pork and $7 for crabmeat.  I am pretty satisfied with the pork ones and thought we would get pork only next time. ;)
I been here a couple of times actually and never gave a review.  I remember the first time I was here couple of years back and man it was the BOMB!  Then as the years go by, whenever I'm in town I'd go get my cravings fixed and they never disappoint! (Though this last time I went, some of the dumplings broke because they were a bit dried...)For those of you that are first timers:First you gotta make sure to eat them when they come out of the kitchen.  Don't wait around! You come here to get the dumplings (Alright maybe the scallion pan cakes too).  But don't you rush to eat it either, cause the soup is HOT.  Take your time and slowly caress the outside layer until the skin breaks (JK just bite the damn skin people!).  As the juice come running out, proceed to drink the soup, make sure you don't burn yourself!  Also some folks likes to eat the dumplings by dipping the dumpling sauce they provide at the table.  I personally do; it gives it another kick to the dumplings.  Go ahead and give it a shot.
This restaurant is a  hidden jewel in Chinatown section New York City. They have a lot of staff they are very efficient at seating you quickly getting your first course on the table in a matter of minutes we had the dumpling and I would recommend getting that with the crab and beef.  I went for the Seabass and it was the most wonderful and freshest taste I  had on that dish.  The house rice is to die for I am not usually a big rice fan but I loved the rice the flavor was perfect and in it was fresh... I will definitely go back to this place it's worth checking out.
As yelp suggests with this rating scale, "Whoohoo! As good as it gets!".  This is true.  Joe's Shanghai is the best.  It may be a cliched tourist attraction, but for good reason. Soup dumplings are a must. I prefer crab and pork combination.  We've been openly negligent and fed these to confirmed pescatarians ("vegetarians" who only eat fish) and they had the greatest meals of their lives. Yes there is a wait.  Yes it is cash only. Get over it and get down there.
The customer service is horrific. The woman who calls out your number when they have a table ready was not calling my number even after 20 minutes when she said they'd be ready so I went to ask her. She said to wait 20 more minutes. I told her we've been waiting 20 minutes and she said "You have no right to talk like that to me. Wait 20 more minutes!" She calls our number a minute after that but seats us at a same table as some random strangers. The restaurant also automatically includes a 15% tip fee into your check. Terrible workers and overall rude and annoying experience. You can get soup dumplings at better serviced restaurants and probably won't have to wait as long for them as Joe's Shanghai. Fuck you Joe's Shanghai.
Pretty solid for churning out soup dumplings. I also enjoy their lo meins and their eggplant with garlic dish. It's always crazy busy so it's likely you may have to share a table, but for the most part, the wait isn't unbelievable. I'll always come back!
You sit at a table with a bunch of people, and if you're in a small party you will definitely be seated with strangers. The food makes it all worth it--shanghainese soup dumplings are worth the wait and the slight discomfort of being seated across from people you've never seen before. Then again, that's pretty much the beauty of Chinatown.It is CASH ONLY. so make sure you stop at an ATM beforehand--it's cheap so $40 should definitely have you covered--possibly even $20 if you're not ordering much more than the soup dumplings. Also, try the radish buns.
Everytime I visit NY I make sure to stop by Joe's for some Xiao Long Baos.  They're basically pork soup dumplings.  I don't know how hard these are to make, but in the Bay Area I know of only one place that can make them close to how Joe's makes them....with just the right amount of soup and pork.  Most of the Xiao Long Bao dumplings here come with the either come with the skin too thick or not enough soup.  The dumplings are are affordable at around $7.  I've also tried the onion pancake as well as noodle dishes, but the main reason I visit are the dumplings.    Basically you put one of those bad boys on a soup spoon, nibble a little of the top of the dumpling, and pour some of that vinegar sauce on top.  YUM!Visit Joe's for the food.  Not for the service.  Most of the times you won't get a friendly smile, a waiter trying to make conversation, or smiley faces on your check.  The service is cut throat, no frills, here's your food, eat it and leave so we can seat the next party type of thing.  They're  trying to get you in and out.  If you go at peak times during lunch and dinner, expect a line.  The wait to get seated can be very long.
Highly regarded and always crowded, Joe's is a fun place to visit. The food is typical Chinese, I loved the Sesame Chicken. They are famous for their steamed dumplings, crab or pork. I'm not very adventurous when it comes to Chinese food but taste of the crab dumplings was better than the appearance. We would probably order the pork next time.  The restaurant has home small tables and some larger and they will seat you family style if there is no exact seat match for your party. Not a big deal since most of the patrons are Asian you can get an idea of what is good on the menu.  It's a fun place in Chinatown to bring NYC first timers. PS don't confuse it with Joe's Ginger.
This place is a little out of the way from the subway. I took the 6 train to canal street but ending up having to walk all the way through chinatown for 10 or so minutes. And it is COLD (19 degrees and WIND). :(But my friend and I were REALLY craving those soup dumplings. Just an FYI - for those who may be confused as I was - the soup dumplings are actually listed as Pork Steamed Buns on their menu. But everyone here refers to them as soup dumplings and so do the servers at the restaurant. I had to double check with him to make sure they were the same thing. Pretty much the first thing they ask you when you sit down is if you want the "soup dumplings." Which we got a tray of and they were ozzing with liquids... YUM! No matter how carefully I bit into the dumplings, the liquids squirted all over my shirt and pants. So probably not a FIRST DATE spot...I also ordered the Beef Tendon Noodle soup and I was yearning for something HOT after the cold walk. The noodle soup was disappointing as it was not very favorable and the beef tendons were very tough and didn't taste fresh. But I guess I can't expect too much if the dish costs 5.95. They do add automatic 15% gratuity on the check and ONLY TAKE CASH so be prepared!!
Took my niece here, who is like a soup dumpling maven, and she wasn't wowed.  Neither was I.  While tasty, the pork dumplings seemed a bit flat with not that much soup in them.  We really enjoyed the shrimp and chicken in plum sauce, and I liked the cold noodles - my niece not so much.  The communal dinning doesn't bother me at all - I like to be a little nosy and see what every one is ordering.  Given the wait time to get in, along with not being wowed by the dumplings, not rushing back.  Also not the biggest fan of the cash only policy.
This place is always extremely crowded, but the wait is well worth it. Best spot in Chinatown! The soup dumplings are to die for. I have been coming here for over 10 years and will continue to come back. Only place I go when I am in the area. My family and I always bring out of towners here to give them the real Chinatown experience. They do seat strangers at the same table, so if you do have a small party you should expect that.
I don't care if Joe's Shanghai is a tourist trap (my NY friends told me so); the crab & pork xiao long bao here were so juicy & delicious. Joe's Shanghai is a pretty small restaurant. If you don't have a large party, chances are you will have to sit with at least 1 other party at a round table. We tried the crab & pork xiao long bao (juicy dumplings) & the jelly fish appetizer. Both were delicious & reasonably priced. We didn't have to wait for a table around 4 pm but I imagine this place is packed during peak lunch/dinner hours. Service's decent for a very busy restaurant. Gratuity is automatically included. Cash only.
The wait is insane for this kind of food.  I don't understand what the hype is about.  Service is rude and I can get better dumplings and noodles at East Dumpling.
This place is awesome. Nice and helpful staff as always. I always came here when i was younger so i do have great memories of this place. The food is amazing its so tasty. I came here with family and we all loved it. It may be slightly pricy but its worth it. Also this was the place that introduced me to glass noodles(no not actual glass that would hurt) but its super tasty. I have to also say that the seafood here is very good and this is coming from a person who dislikes seafood very much. Come here give it a try you wont be dissapointed.
I used to drive to nyc from DC just for these soup dumplings. They're just not that good anymore. Not bad just not like they were. Over cooked and tough, the pork dumplings I'd have to think about ordering again. The ones with crab tasted good enough but again over cooked to the point where they were all sticking and impossible to pick up intact. They still have a line out the door, though, so maybe it was just a bad day.
Food: 4 stars.  Delicious, but really quite the norm in Chinatown.Wait time: 1 star.  Place is packed continuously, but we had to wait 45 min for 2 people.  Service quite slow due to its busy-ness.(Cramped.  Very, very cramped.  I sat next to a pole hugging my left rib.)Expense: 1 star.  Very expensive based on other comparable places in the area.  The dumplings were fine- just not AMAZING, in my opinion.  The other dishes were fine, just pricey; and, they added a 15% auto-gratuity "for our convenience".  Definitely a tourism place.
Upon walking into this place, you think that you are just in any other small family-owned Chinatown restaurant. Nothing about the menu, decor, wait staff or anything else particularly stand out, but this place secretly has some fantastic soup dumplings!Don't bother ordering anything else off the menu though, most other things here are actually pretty bad. I ordered soup dumplings as well as the string beans and the beans were awful! Basically, stick with what they're known for (the soup dumplings) and don't bother with anything else.
Midtown: Pricey but the crab and pork soup dumplings were great!!Chinatown: not pricey, huge soup dumplings! We tried the pork, crab and pork, scallion pancake, and Shanghai cabbage wonton soup. Would HIGHLY recommend pork soup dumplings (best in NYC and flushing imho), the rest were not worth getting. Maybe get a veggie plus the pork soup dumplings. 8 per person is a good amount!
If you're looking for an authentic and delightful Chinatown experience, this is it. Share some plates around the table, because there are too many wonderful dishes to just get one thing.The garlic eggplant is incredible. They also give enormous glasses of wine, which is always a plus.
Came in for the crab and pork soup dumplings because we'd heard that they were the best in the world. I'm not sure you can call these xlbs but they were rather soupy and decent. Definitely not even close to top 10 best dumplings I've ever had.  I thought the skin was too thick and overall the way this entire establishment is run is pretty unappealing. Rude service, rushing people out, pushing past customers in the narrow walkways with plates of food... meh.
My first xiao long bao experience was at Joe's Shanghai back in October 2002 when my friend and I took a trip to NY.  Ever since then I've been searching for something similar in CA but still haven't found one.  Din Tai Fung is close but not quite.  Joe's is juicier and has a super thin skin (almost like a water balloon).  Only problem is the skin can break easily because it's so thin.  I went back three years ago and it was still as good as my original experience.Service is so so and not too fond of the communal tables.  If you are a private person I don't recommend you come here.There's another location in Midtown (around corner of 56th & 5th) that is clean and doesn't have communal tables, but for some reason it doesn't taste as good.  I think it's the grime that adds charm and flavor at this location.They have other dishes too but they weren't that memorable.CASH ONLY and there's usually a long wait on weekends.
There's something to be said about a restaurant being packed at 9:30pm on a school night. Holy cow, this was some good dim sum!! Ordered 2 types of soup dumplings--the broth, the wrapper and the fillings were equally delicious. Also had the Sechuan green beans which did was perfectly seasoned and crisp. The steamed fish was fantastic as well. The only reason I didn't give this place a 5-star rating was because it seemed a bit dingy. But hey--in a place this good, don't ask don't tell!
#9, #10. That's all you need to say. They call soup dumplings "buns", so if you actually try to order by the menu you could get confused. To be honest I could not tell the difference between the shrimp or pork dumplings, but the ones I think were the shrimp ones tasted better. Also go with scallion pancake and shanghai noodles.The difference in wait between 2 ppl and 3 is significant, since if you're group of 3 they'll wait for an 8 person table to open up so that they can sit you with another group of 3 and a group of 2.Stuffed my face and in the end was less than 20 bucks a person.
I was craving xiao long bao so figured we'd goto Joe's Shanghai after our haircut appointment (right across the street).Joe's is an established name in NYC and is well-known for its soup dumplings.  What can go wrong, right?Well, plenty, as it turns out.First dish -- scallion pancakes -- put us off on a bad start immediately.  The pancakes were literally SWIMMING in oil.  Now I understand you need oil to fry things but... the excessive oil was scary and disgusting.   I used my paper napkin to pat it dry but in the end we could not make ourselves finish the dish.We each ordered a basket of the soup dumplings.  This was the real test.  After all this was what Joe's was famous for!  Sad to report, the xiao long bao here fails miserably on ALL fronts: 1) the skin was way too thick; 2) the taste was, well, not tasty at all; and 3) they over-cooked them so every bao turned out dry and shriveled up.Oh the service sucked too.  I don't expect good service in Chinatown but this place takes the cake for having some of the rudest waiters.Last but not least, not a big fan of sharing tables with strangers.  The 4 Caucasians sitting across from us kept staring while we ate.  Particularly annoying as they kept commenting on how good the food is when we know it's shit.  I just don't understand WHY folks keep insisting this is the best xiao long bao place in NYC?!?Lesson learned.  Craving soup dumplings?  Goto "The Bao".  So much better there.
Stopped in for a basket of crabmeat steamed bao.  Definitely a solid performer in my book.  The skin was glutinous enough where it was chewy and dense, but not rubbery.  The pouch explodes into a savory mix of crab meat and seafood broth.  Each bao packs a flavor punch so distinct the umami flavor will make you want to order a few more baskets to go!  The wait can be long at times, but definitely stop by if you value good steamed buns.  PROTIP:  I grew up in Arcadia (home of a Din Tai Fung, so my steamed bun game is top notch.  Take my word for it, Joe's puts up a valiant fight.
COUNT YOUR CHANGE!!!!  The cashier tried to stiff the person ahead of me.  He gave the cashier $20.00.  The bill was under $10.  She gave him $3 change.  He complained and thereafter she gave him the correct change.I went to pay for my take out meal and handed a $20.00 bill.  My meal was about $6.80.  I was handed $3.20.  I told the cashier that I handed her a $20.00.  She chuckled and gave me back an additional $10.00.Businesses like this can't last too long when they really couldn't care less who is behind the cash register.
Long wait as they r always busy.. N U'll probably have to share tables with other people.. The pork xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) r not impressive, about the same as nanxiang n other places. Their crab meat soup dumplings however, r the best I have ever tasted so I would definitely  recommend getting that... Their soup noddles r very plain...
Joe's was SO disappointing!  I was surprised my foodie friends said that was their favorite and comparable to Din Tai Fung in Arcadia, CA.  I don't mind the location; I don't mind the lines; I don't mind sharing a table with strangers.  I DO mind flavorless, oily soup dumplings.The skin was thicker than I'd have liked.  The soup inside was more fat than broth and the meat was forgettable.  Ok, I'm ragging on their dumplings, which was disappointing after all the hype, but the other food was pretty good.  The hot and sour soup wasn't bad.  The pan friend potstickers were meh.  The beef noodle soup was AWESOME as are the cold sesame noodles, which had the perfect "bouncy" texture when you chew it.The prices are also something to rave about.  Between 5 of us, we ordered 5 baskets of XLB, 1 crab XLB, hot and sour soup, beef noodles, sesame noodles,  and pot stickers for a grand total of around $80 including tax.Overall, I'm glad they weren't that good since NY is much farther than a simple 6 hr drive to Din Tai Fung in LA for me. ;)
Joe's Shanghai is a definite must for me whenever I visit NYC. I always always always always have to eat here at least once. Why? Because it is delicious! It not only satisfies my hunger but it makes me feel all warm inside! At first I was a little afraid to try this place out because not everyone on yelp is accurate since everyone's taste buds are so different. Not only that but there are a few other places where it was just over hyped and it wasn't as good as I thought it would be. On top of that, when a place becomes famous, their quality slowly slides downhill. I can tell you, Joe's Shanghai is none of the above. Joe's Shanghai may not be where all the awesome customer service is because come on, stereotypically, Chinese places aren't known for their customer service. Joe's Shanghai, however, is definitely consistent with their quality of their famous xiao long baos or soup dumplings, as most people refer to it as. ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS order some xiao long bao/soup dumplings. In fact, that is the first thing they ask you when you sit down. "You want some dumplings?" Granted, heavy Chinese accent seeping through their English but it works. I always prefer the pork/original type but they also have a crab/pork one if I remember correctly.NOTE. When you get these dumplings, they are steaming HOT. Do NOT be that person that puts the whole thing in their mouth the second they get it. DO NOT!! You will burn yourself so bad! Let it cool for a few and I suggest taking a small bite and drinking the soup first. There is SOUP on the inside and it will burn you if you eat it too quickly! ...Yes personal experience :( No I never put the whole thing in my mouth but the soup does burn me...Be warned. This place is really popular so you most likely have to wait unless you're eating at odd hours like at 3-4 pm. If you go with a party, your party must be all present for them to sit you down. Also, not your typical restaurant. You don't get to have a table all to yourself most of the time -- you'll have to learn how to share. I know it's an odd concept because I don't like sharing my food, let alone my table! But no worries! It'll be fine! It's actually very similar to how they sit people overseas at a dim sum place. Plus that way, they can get people in and out faster. Aside from their pork dumplings, I have tried a few other dishes but they weren't as memorable. Teehee. Give Joe's Shanghai a try and order the dumplings. You can't go wrong.
Best xiao long bao I have ever had. I've also had their stirfry green beans with beef and that was also a good dish! So is the cold peanut noodles that they recommended. ( I feel bad because my friend ate this when she's allergic to peanuts.) oh and my other friend got a bad stomach ache. It's a good thing nothing happened to me otherwise it would've been a 4 stars instead of a 5.
Tips: Get there early or avoid peak times so you're not all hangry (hungry/angry) and writing reviews based on your hangriness.  :)  Also, due to the busy-ness of the restaurant, they will offer you shared seating with strangers.  If you decline this gesture...then have fun waiting an hour for a "private" table in this small hole in the wall.  ;) Also, the prices were super cheap!  The only only place in Seattle I can find dumplings resembling these are at Din Tai Fung, but at puny sizes and double the cost!  And service is fast!  I'm sure the staff is trained to get you in and out as fast as they can.  Dumplings are in high demand so they are usually the first to come out. So yeah...I'm a very happy customer of Joe's.These were the best shao lin baos (sp) I've had in my lifetime thus far!  There is a way to eat them....and it's not by sticking the entire dumpling in your mouth when it's freshly ordered.  1. Use the provided tongs and pinch gently at the top of the soup dumpling and pull directly up from the bamboo steamer/bed of lettuce (do not wiggle from side to side to peel off the bamboo as this increases your chances of breaking the dumpling wrapper and causing the juice to leak)2. Now that you've gotten your dumpling mid-air, slide under and catch it with your soup spoon.  Yes, it will fit on your spoon, but overflow a little.3. Take one of your chopsticks and poke a hole in the wrapper and let some of the soup ooze out a little.  It helps cause it cools the soup down a bit.4. Add a bit of the ginger soy on your dumpling and in one bite (if you can)....devour it.5. Repeat until no more dumplings are left.6. Leave happy.Yum!
Um... I like shanghai cafe better. Yes overall it was a little more expensive. I know joe's is more famous and it's really cool to see all the celebrity pics on the wall with joe but I thought the food quality was a little lower here too. Let me explain: the soup dumplings were very very fragile compared to shangcaf. The other dishes had barely any meats in it just all veggies... is that cheap or what. They also sat us with other groups of random people. I know space is a limited thing but c'mon man!
Love  coming here to this place!! Been here several times with friends and family. I mostly come for the soup-filled dumplings!!! But the rest of the food here is good too. It's a no-fail favorite, as well as a must have per visit to NYC.
Second time coming here from Philly.  Can't get anything like this back home.  Everyone comes here for the xiao long bao's, which are probably one of the best.  There are two options - crab with pork and pork.  Best to try both and you'll love the juicy buns!
No.Dirty looking.They seated us in a round table with 3 other parties. Fat dumplings with fatty brought inside. It's supposed to be a light CLEAR broth. I'm not supposed to be seeing un purified broth. Sick. Tasty, but sick. Stomachache after.Hot and sour soup was good, but we were too full from 2 sets of dumplings.
Hands down one of my favorite places to eat when I'm in Chinatown! This is a such s popular place that there is usually a long line just to get in! Also, if you are with a small party, be prepared to share your table with other people. The food is fantastic! It's all so flavorful and yummy! I love having the scallion pancakes here! My favorite!!!
Still really love their XLB; it hits the cravings every time, no matter how much they jampack me with 94534 other patrons trying to enjoy their Shanghainese food. Every time, I get reminded of how terrible service can get (waiters screaming us to order faster when we've sat for less than 3 minutes), rushing us through our dishes, slamming the check with 15% added service charge before we're done. Nevertheless, when I'm in the area and craving XLB, I always come back.
We were happy to finally try this Chinatown classic!  Definitely get your expectations in check before coming - this is not a quiet, intimate restaurant by any means.  We waited about 30-45 minutes on a weekday afternoon around 2 PM (it was a long holiday weekend).  Communal seating (if your party isn't big enough alone), loud noise levels, and service that is a tad scattered and rushed.  Soup dumplings were good, although we definitely preferred the pork over the crab.  Scallion Pancake was also a nice starter.  It's quite the experience.
I hope that you've been able to enjoy Joe's Shanghai in the past when their soup dumplings were amazing because sadly their popularity has gotten the better of them and they're simply not of the same quality.  You used to have to wait because the soup dumplings were made fresh but even if you sat and waited 20 minutes you waited eagerly knowing you were in a for a delight.  However, the soup dumplings are pre-made now so they really aren't the same.  I used to go to Joe's and stuff myself with a dozen dumplings and walk around in a happy food coma as their soupy goodness filled my being.  Unfortunately, after having their dumplings recently I don't think I'd bother ever again.
This is my go-to spot in NYC. I always have to go to Joe's when I'm in town because it's the best. The soup dumplings are heavenly (I'm drooling as I can see the pictures of them below right now). They are huge and actually filled with a good amount of steaming soup. Be careful not to burn your tongue! Everything else is just incredible- I usually get the fried rice cakes, or the eggplant with a bowl of rice. I can't stress enough how much I love the food here. I am always so satisfied after eating here, and it's pretty cheap.The lines are really long for lunch, but the wait is not too bad since they are quick with serving you. You also sometimes have to share a table with strangers, but one time they sat us next to the Rascal Flatts! Just remember to bring cash because they don't take credit card!
Joe's Shanghai sucks.I used to love it but it was so bad I was really embarrassed to have taken my cousins there last night.Really, really, really rude waiters - kept trying to take our food before we were finished eating, insisted on keeping the check in the tray when I needed to hold it so my cousins wouldn't try to pay.The only flavor in the food was salt.  Seriously, in something called Crispy Pepper skin duck you should be able to expect a little pepper.Only the soup buns were okay.
Soup dumplings! Soup dumplings! Soup dumplings! Soup dumplings! Soup dumplings!  I've not really eaten anything else here but soup dumplings so all I can really say is MMMMMM soup dumplings!  Careful, they are HOT and will burn the ever living C$#P out of your mouth if you're not careful. But if you take your time you will be rewarded by a mouth full of flavorful broth and a nugget of just right pork dumpling.  The place could use a renovation but perhaps it's shabby interior is part of the charm?  The China Town location is way better, cheaper and somehow not as ramshackle as the mid town location.  Don't go here for the ambiance that's for sure.  It's the food you came for, enjoy it!.
Not sure why people rave about this place. In short, save your time and money. We are big fans of XLB and Chinese food in general. The XLB "soup dumplings" in this place are absolutely gross. They filling is not tasty, especially the crab (they totally use canned or preserved products). They are greasy and not tasty at all. I saw a few postings saying they have better XLB than Din Tai Fung...Seriously people? Not comparable in anyway. Anyway, if you are looking for disgustingly tasting food and TERRIBLE service, be my guest.
If you're looking for some Soup Dumplings, Joe's Shanghai will most likely be the restaurant to pop up at the top of the list. There are 3 locations, and I visited the one in Chinatown. Ambiance and friendly service are non-existent at this restaurant. Yet, you'll find the restaurant always full of customers looking for some good food. The tables are communal, so, be prepared to dine with others and have the opportunity to strike up some fun conversation.While they're best known for their Soup Dumplings, there's an extensive menu of dishes to choose from. But never mind. Just order the soup dumplings (crab and pork) and a scallion pancake. For me, these are their two amazing dishes. Other dishes here can be hit or miss.
When I heard "soup dumplings" I was unsure of what to expect, but when I tried it I couldn't stop eating. The food here is great and (obviously) the soup dumplings are amazing.One thing to be improved on is the service. Half the guys don't speak English well and those that do are very rough when taking orders. Joe's is also very noisy but these are things you learn to deal with. The food was very authentic and tasty, which is what has earned them 4 stars. Update:I've been back multiple times and it's always been excellent. Changed to 5 stars.
Atmosphere: The service is fast. Everything is pretty fast because this place is always so packed. You get a number for seating and you just wait outside until your number is called. You will always find a large group waiting outside during dinner and lunch time. It's all family style seating so you may find yourself sharing a large table with another group or two. No biggie, adds to the family atmosphere and the point is to sit and eat so it doesn't matter (and you may find yourself making a new friend). Be ready to squeeze through tables for walking space. It's a really packed seating area. Food: Best place for pork dumplings. So cheap, only $6 for 8 pork ones and $8 for crab ones. It's just SO good. I just can't say enough about the pork dumplings. Just go it. Sometimes I order like 4 trays and then a side dish. Other times when I'm with family, I only get 2 trays and then lots of entree dishes. Their food is mostly spicy because it's their style. I think it's pretty authentic Chinese food. (My family will say different though... of course they're much more judgemental about outside Chinese food because they cook such good food themselves. They mainly had a problem with the noodles-thought it was too stiff). I think everything is delicious here.
My favorite place for soup dumplings and scallion pancake in chinatown. Although it's busy most of the time and packed with tourists and people think it's hyped up, I still really like this place. You'll most likely be seated with a group of strangers unless you have a big enough group to fit one whole table. Also be on the look out for celebrity sitings. They have pictures of celebrities who have dined there on the walls. I even sat right across from jake gyllenhaal once too!
OVERHYPED.Way too crowded and food was mediocre. Half the menu was crossed out. There was only 2 types of soup dumplings. We decided to try the pork and crab meat and it tasted so weird. The flavors did not go well together. The only thing I liked was the pan fried pork dumplings. We also had an order of seafood pan fried noodles. The pan fried noodles look and taste nothing like the other places you would usually get it. It was thick, chewy and bland. Yes, it may be an original hot spot. But it probably tasted better back then than now. Now it's just a tourist site. If you take a look around you, what do you see or rather what do you NOT see? Asian customers. The local Asians know where the best Asian foods are and it's not here.
SO maybe I am not the best person in the world to rate this, given that I am not the biggest fan of Chinese food, but I am not sure what all the hype is about. I will start with the positives -- the Kung Pao Chicken and soup dumplings are delicious. The soup dumplings are filled with broth and pork, and have the perfect consistency, which explains why Joe's is known for this dish.  I also enjoyed the crunchy shrimp in meat sauce - which is a bit of a tangy, spicy dish FYI.Ok now for the negatives: As for the rest of the food, though, I was pretty underwhelmed. We ordered the crispy beef, flat noodles and general tso's chicken as well as one additional dish, and none were really incredible. It also didn't help that the food rating outside was a "B".  Also, the service was terrible. There is a long line to get in and the servers stand next to your table, grilling you until you leave. They don't bring you any water and when you ask for it seem annoyed and they tend to ignore you every time they walk past. Overall, it was a pretty "mehh" experience and I don't think I will be going back.
I ordered the pork soup dumplings. Theyre the best i've ever had esp when you add their special vinegar sauce!! A must try if you're in NY!!
Completely overrated. There seems to be a lot of hype around this restaurant, and so the wait is pretty long (~30 minutes). However, the service was pretty abysmal. I felt like I was being hurried into just leaving so there would be more space for other customers. Also, you may get seated with random strangers at a large table if there is no room. The soup dumplings were ok; I've have the same quality in other Chinatown restaurants. The crab soup dumplings were better than the normal pork ones, in my opinion.
We went there specifically for the soup dumplings and were not disappointed. The flavor of the broth in the dumplings is that of a stew that has been cooking for hours. All the flavors of the marrow and the meat is well infused into the broth. We tried both the crab/pork soup dumplings and the pork soup dumplings. The crab/pork soup was good, but we thought it interfered with the rich flavor of the pork. Therefore, we recommend saving two bucks and getting the pork soup dumplings if you have to choose.
First time here. Got the soup dumplings, mu shu pork, and the beef pan fried noodles. Soup dumplings were delicious, but almost every single one broke because they were too thin, which meant a lot of soup was lost! So, while the flavor was there, I couldn't enjoy them fully. The mu shu pork was spot on. Delicious sauce and probably the best thing we ordered. The pan fried noodles were decent. The beef and vegetables were good, but a lot of the noodles had no sauce and were therefore brittle and hard to eat. Would return, though very long wait with a weird number calling system to be seated. ALSO, note their B rating. I suspect it has something to do with the fact that they clean up by pouring the leftover tea right on the table and wiping it with a towel...not very sanitary...
Nah man these are NOT the best soup dumplings.  The staff here were nothing short of obnoxious.  I can't believe there was a 2+ hour wait for some dang dumplings.  It has become a tourist oasis, everyone thinking that they are getting the best, where in turn there are so many other places better than this.  I was hugely disappointed by the soup dumplings because they were not filled with soup! The scallion pancake was probably the only good thing that we ate, and that was not even cooked correctly - it is not a deep fried pancake - it's supposed to be pan-fried! The pan-fried dumplings had no flavor either, just plain balls of meat with flour coating on it.  What did I even eat?  Everything was just oil with no flavor.  Dear tourists, steer clear of this one.  At least go to the Flushing location, Joe's Shanghai because this one is doing it ALL wrong.
Loved it! The juicy pork dumplings were one of the best I've had. There were plenty of soup inside each dumpling. I enjoyed it so much I came back before heading back to LA!  The crab & pork were good too but I would just stick to the pork ones.  Get the pea sprouts with garlic. It's delicious! All tables are communal. You will be seated with strangers! And it's crowded. I wouldn't recommend coming here with a big group unless you have an hour to wait around. CASH ONLY
One of my favorite places to eat in Chinatown. The soup dumplings are great and you have to try them if you're there. Eating here doesn't cost very much and the menu offers a variety of different meats and entrees to choose from. Of all the times I've come here, I've never had to share a table with a different party. But I can see how they would want to do that if it's packed.
Their pork buns taste so good!! I bought my mom here to eat it. I also got the pan fried noodles with beef and it tasted really good. I highly recommend this place.This review is pretty short but this place is so tasty.
2+ hr wait? No thank you.GO NEXT DOOR TO JOE'S GINGER!!! Virtually no wait and, surprise, its owned by the same owner as Joe's Shanghai!Besides, J Shanghai's dumplings are overrated: oily soups and thick, chewy skin. Be adventurous and check out more unknown places in the neighborhood; theyre guaranteed to be better.
Yum yum yum!!!4 stars for the soup dumplings :DNot fast, not the best atmosphere, not the best service, but they do those soup dumplings right :DShanghai flat noodles are NOT flat (why? i don't know)... but look & taste delicious! Balance it off with some snow pea leaves & call it a night! FYI they also have a location in Queens. Less crowded there :)
This place is soso good and soso cheap!! I'm spoiled by the best authentic chinese food in the San Gabriel Valley (in LA) and so I never really like chinese food anywhere else, but in SGV. I didn't even like the chinese food in San Francisco's Chinatown and it's Chinatown...? Anyways, my boyfriend and I ordered their infamous soup dumplings (pork) which was only $6 and we ordered two of those :O We also had the green onion pancake which went well with the dumplings and the beef noodle soup (because I was craving soup in December), but the beef noodle soup was ehhh... I had way better before. I would definitely come back here for the soup dumplings and green onion pancake when visiting NYC!
Yum Yum!  Best Soup dumplings ever!  Dined here with friends. The beef with string beans and Kung Pao chicken were also absolutely fabulous.  Eat here!  You will not be disappointed!  It's not a bit noisy and very crowded but the "deliciousness" can't be missed.
Came here for brunch with my boyfriend on a Friday and got seated right away. Our table already had the vinegar & ginger sauce on top assuming you'd order xiao long baos. We had an order of the crab & pork AND plain pork ones. I enjoyed the pork ones moreso than the crab because it was much more oily, but my boyfriend liked the crab & pork version more. The skin was the perfect thickness with just enough soup! It also wasn't too hot so I got to enjoy it right when they came out :) For one order of 8 pieces, it was less than $9. We also had the Shanghai pan fried noodles which had very flavorful veggies to pair with the not-so-flavorful noodles. Couldn't finish this dish, so we took it to go. We also had the pan fried pancakes in the beginning which was a bit on the oily side, but still good, especially with the dipping sauce that came out with it. I didn't eat more than a piece of that to save room for the noodles and xiao long baos. We also wanted some veggies so we ordered the pea shoots (which was the most expensive item we had - $16). Our meal came out to be around $51 which left us both really full with leftovers! They speak English and have tons of recognition on their walls - which was cool! Will definitely take my mom here when I bring her to the Big Apple in the future :)Tip: It's CASH ONLY!
The best chinese food Iv'e ever had! (And I've been to China)The soup dumpling is a must in here, I also recommend the jumbo shrimp dish - exellent one! A bit spicy and sweet.The service here is very fast. During the weekends the restaurant is full, and during the week days is more relaxed. Be prepared to be seating with more people in the same table, this is the normal here.I will be coming back here for sure!
Many people who go to Chinatown rave about Joe's, so we had to come and try it. Overall, the food and service are great, but the atmosphere is a little crowded.We had two orders of soup dumplings (both the crab meat and the pork), the braised pork shoulder, and the salt and pepper shrimp. The soup dumplings were delicious, though I preferred the crab meat dumplings over the pork ones. The pork shoulder was perfectly tender and flavorful. I didn't care for the salt and pepper shrimp, but my girlfriend loved it. Service was very prompt--everything we asked for was brought almost immediately. There was always a waiter on hand to tend to the diners' needs. I was impressed with the speed of the service given how busy it was.The restaurant is extremely popular, so the seating is quite crowded. We were seated with 3 other couples at a round table. Although I personally had no problem with this, it seems like some restaurants in Chinatown are run like this for lack of space.Joe's is definitely worth a try, and ordering the soup dumplings is a must. Anyone who likes Chinese food, both authentic and... slightly less authentic will find something to enjoy here.
Went on the hunt for *great* dumplings in Chinatown. Success.Great little busy spot down a small side street. Most tables are for 4-6 people so they sat me at a table with a nice Asian couple with a small child. Turns out like me, they were also from out of town and we ended up sharing dishes and conversation. A delightful time. Thinking of returning here in a few days for the crab & pork dumplings which were flavorable little packages of goodness that were impossible to resist. "Another? Why yes, thank you."
I kinda sorta get the insane lines and waits for this place, though I'm not sure the payoff is worth it. This place is known for their xiao long bao, and that seems to be the main (only?) reason to go here versus other Chinatown standbys. The wait staff naturally assumes each table will want at least one order, and it will come out before anything else. They must be eaten within 10 minutes, or they will stick to the wall of the steam basket, and explode upon extrication, and no one wants to have what looks like an incontinent steam basket leaving puddles on the table.The soup dumplings are excellent - worth the hype. Particularly the crab variety, which have much more crab and a much more intense flavor (with a bit of a back end turmeric/curry flavor) than other places well-known for their soup dumplings. Are they better than nanxiang? That's hard to say without a direct comparison, which is an IMPOSSIBLE FEAT. They are at the least comparable, and stand in the top tier of xiao long bao in the city.Everything else on the menu? Eh. Extremely standard Chinatown fare. Slightly underseasoned...cakey sesame pancakes, chewy (but not crispy-edged) rice cakes, and run of the mill noodles. Pork shoulder was very tender, but sauce was standard egg foo yung cornstarch-thickened stock and soy sauce. One plus was the heavier hand the protein portions are in the starch dishes.Basically...be prepared for the wait, and come here specifically for the xiao long bao. Get multiple orders, and know that anything else you order is essentially a side dish.
Not that this place doesn't have enough positive reviews already, but man... those soup dumplings were absolutely fantastic. My friends and I came here JUST to order them, and they were well worth the wait. Any time that I come to NYC, this will be a must on my list. Do not let the long wait or line discourage you.. you will not be disappointed!
Ok, my title is an exaggeration. But it's still one of the best places in Chinatown. And the soup dumplings are worth the trip downtown.
Been coming here for years. Food is awesome and service is quick. Just one tip, no matter how long they say the wait is, add half an hour. That way your expectations are realistically set and you enjoy your meal rather than being annoyed at how the hostesses lied to you.
I love love love the soup dumplings here. I just love everything about them. This is by far one of the places I always crave when I leave New York. Their crispy prawns are delicious as well as their Shanghai noodles. The thing I don't enjoy is the wait time to actually get seated, especially on those cold winter nights, but the wait is well worth it! The servers make you feel rushed as they are trying to get others seated but again, who cares. Make sure to bring cash with you as they do not accept credit cards. I mainly come here for their soup dumplings and I am strictly reviewing this place based on the food they serve, which I can say is the best Chinese food.
It is an OK place.The food, especially the xiao long bao are just average.(There are so many other better places for xiao long bao couple of block away)My non-Asian friends always do a big group dinner here during Christmas or New Years. So I do eat here occasionally.What is all the buzz then? Crowds form outside in sub-zero degrees weather?Their claim to fame is the old tourist guide and food guide books written by people who are not too kine to authentic food and only go with with the herd.There use to be three Joe's Shanghai, Chinatown, Elmhurst Queens, and Flushing.I think the Flushing location is the best of the three. The Elmhurst location have been closed for several years.Go, enjoy yourselves at Joe's. It is good but not the best.
Okay so I heard great things about this place and yelp raves about this place so I went out of my way to check this place out. Got there and there was about a 30min wait, no problem - there's definitely a lot of things to do around there. The seating is with a group of people in a round table, it was pretty cool I must say.Food is not that good to be honest. I was with my wife and dad and none of us enjoyed our food. Food is plain and nothing special at all. To top it off!!! The tip is already included ! A nice 20% regardless of what you order or how much you order. It wasn't worth the $$$. Wouldn't go back
It's been my must and first stop restaurant when I come in town.Always, always, always! order xiao long bao or as I call it, explode in your mouth of deliciousness. I've also ordered the shrimp shumai soup. Delish!They open at 11 a.m. and make sure you get there early enough cause it will get busy. If it gets busy, they will start seating people (if 2 or less) in a big round table with other strangers. I wouldn't mind that cause I'll be making friends anyways.Service is just like any where in Chinatown, hard to explain and hard to understand. But it's hard for them to mess up your order.Cash only and please don't be that guy who will give up your watch as collateral and run to the ATM.
Not only are their famous soup dumplings great, their other Asian entree dishes are delicious too! My only complaint is that it is always extremely crowded therefore there is communal seating and often times a long wait. Overall, this is my favorite restaurant for soup dumplings and it is a MUST HAVE if you ever stop by!
Joe's Shanghai...the only reason why you guys even get 1 star is because I didn't have a choice because Yelp wouldn't let me continue your review without selecting stars.I will just say, that this place is a major tourist trap. I am a tourist and I do not live in the NYC area, however, I do come around to visit family pretty often. And this, my friends, is how I fell victim to the hype of the glorious Yelp reviews. People, THE HYPE IS NOT REAL.Let's start with the service. At your typical "Chinese" restaurant, there's not much service (I'm Chinese, I totally get it). It is what it is. However, this place has absolutely non-existent service. The server did not say one thing to me. When I was ready to order, he stood there and stared at me with his notepad and pen. So I'm thinking, I guess this is the part where I order. Once we ordered, he just walked away and didn't say anything. Our food starts to come...Xiao Long Baos and the Shanghai Noodle Soup, but our String Beans came when we finished our food. What the hell am I going to eat with my String Beans? Does this mean you want me to order a cup of your overpriced white rice? That, my friends, I did not do. Also the Xiao Long Baos appeared to have been sitting around for awhile because the skin was dried, and a few of them were popped, so all the soup was flowing out.Also, we sat at a shared table with some French people visiting. When their meal ended, the server walks up to both parties, points at their check/tab and says "Are you done?" while they're trying to figure out our US Currency. Dude, they were trying to get you your money, but you had to be rude about it and say "Give it to me." Yeah...that leaves a good impression for us Americans. And with that, they pretty much rushed me out too.By the way, they automatically charge you 15% tip (no matter how small your party is). They take the food total, plus the 15% tip, then tax that total. Can you say, "Scheming?"When they were clearing out the table, one of the servers drops one of our spoons on the table and splashes some sauce on me. Dude picked up the spoon and walked away. Really? Nothing? Like nothing? You could have said sorry? Umm...guess not.All in all, as I mentioned above, THE HYPE IS NOT REAL. If you ever make it out to SF, check out Kingdom of Dumpling. Joe's Shanghai has NOTHING on Kingdom of Dumpling. Put those two places in one city, and sorry, Joe, you're done and SOL.On a final note, I've had better all around service in Hong Kong, seriously. TAKE YOUR MONEY ELSEWHERE!
It's all about the shao long bao.  Very delicious and well worth it.  It can get pretty crowded in there so go in prepared that you might share a table with someone.
Totally not impressed by the soup dumplings. My expectation may have been too high from reading the reviews. I was expecting the same standard as ones I had in Taiwan. Unfortunately, it was not close. The skin was too thick. The fillings were just okay. The dumplings were a little too big to feel delicate.The service was efficient but robotic.
wait time was ridiculous and you still had to share a table with strangers. Price was good, cheaper than most places for the xiao long dumplings but the dumpling itself was just ok. Only had to options. Service staff was hard to get a hold of and wasn't so good.I had to try this place since I had heard so much about the rave...more hype then it should be
over rated tbh.full of tourists and long lines...why wait here for something that is way hyped up?Try other local small businesses where they serve up better soup dumplings.Its hard to eat there since staff rushes you to eat and get out for the next group of people.
I really liked it here and it was great food but nothing that i went crazy over and need to come back for. The service was also terribleSteamed buns - these are the soup dumplings. They were really good and fill with a delicious broth (but hard to eat) Flat noodles - dont be deceived these are not actually flat, they are lo mein on steroids (really think lo mein). They were solid chinese noodles, but did have much flavor Crispy shredded beef - these were like all those little crispy pieces that get left at the bottom of the general tsos box. I loved them!! It was flavorful and crispy yum. We added these to the noodles and it was actually an awesome combination i recommend trying this. Kung pao chicken - really flavorful with a ton of peanuts. I added extra chili sauce and it was awesome that wayGeneral tso chicken - it was good, but pretty standardCrispy spicy prawns in meat sauce - dont be scared by the meat sauce im not really sure what that means but its basically crispy fried shrimp with a spicy thick general tso sauce on top- these were really good as wellService - we called in advance and asked if it was byo and they said yes. As soon as we got there they said we are not allowed to byo - thats fine but they shouldnt have told us yes on the phone that made me annoyed. They then seemed annoyed at everything we were asking them and like we were a burden to them. At the end, they were staring at us and basically asked us to leave. There are a lot of good chinese places in the city so no need to come back here
I literally only come here for the famed soup dumplings with the occasional side of scallion pancakes. And it's totally worth it.This place is featured in pretty much every tourist magazine, so be sure to go at a brunch/mid-afternoon time unless you want to get a ticket stub with a number on it as you wait outside to be seated.This place also bundles you together with other unsuspecting people in order to save space. Which is efficient, but often awkward because you don't know the person you're eating across of, and you kind of feel like you're on a blind date getting judged by hoe you eat.But I digress.The food here comes fast, hot, and never not-delicious. The crab-meat soup dumplings actually taste like crab!! Not imitation crab!!!! Dumpling skin is plump and the juice inside is always the right amount of bold.I've been coming here since I was a kid, and will continue to do so.
Obviously the best. The thick noodles in the lo Mein were amazing. And obviously the dumplings are crazy great
Pork soup dumplings held their own, as always. Also tried the shredded beef with hot peppers. I'm not sure what I received, is what other reviewers said was so good. It was saucy nothing special beef strips with handfuls of raw jalapeño on it. I won't order it again. However a couple next to me had steamed fish that looked amazing and they seemed to be enjoying it very much. We came at 6pm on Sunday and waited 50 minutes for two people
Went here last night with my bff's family. We got our ticket and the lady said it'll be a 40 minute wait. Turned out to be an hour and 30 min wait. At this point we had no patience. When they called out our number, everyone waiting outside clapped for us since it was our turn after waiting for so long!! We ordered 4 boxes of pork soup dumplings(8 pieces in a box), Sea Bass, and spicy shrimp with broccoli. Everything was delicious. Place is super busy so go early!
Great food!  Would've liked the Kung Pow chicken spicier but it was still awesome. Soup dumplings were real good. Parking in the area was a pain. There was a small waiting time to be seated. Our case was different because we were a party of 16, but there were smaller parties also waiting. Overall, food is great and it won't bust your wallet.
Great soup dumplings (crab is very tasty)! I have been coming here for years and anytime someone visits, I bring them here.  So why the 3 stars? Only because service has always sucked... But you kind of expect that for a place like this. Try it at least once and just ignore the service like they ignore you!
If this is NYC's best raved about dumpling place, it's a bit disappointing. The experience wasn't bad but it's nothing to rave about. Just basic soup dumplings. It is better then some of the places I've tried in the area but nothing in comparison to Din Tai Fung's clean presentation, texture, and taste. Customer service was ehhh bad. They're rude but they got my food to me in a decent time so I guess I can't complain while in china town. Also they only take cash and have a 15% service charge so don't bother adding gratuity.  Now that I'm in this area I'm trying to find new favorites.
Known as the best soup dumpling place in NYC, Joe's is definitely good and now earned its spot in the running as far as my preferences go. First thing to note- cash only, but this didn't deter the huge groups waiting outside from experiencing the crowded nature of this restaurant. We were seated at a round table with two other couples, which made it a bit awkward (especially since we ordered the most food and our dishes basically took up half the table). We tried both the pork and the crab soup dumplings, and I was extremely proud of myself for eating them in the "correct" manner - biting a small hole in the dumpling and drinking all the soup without spilling out of the wrapper. We then ordered the salt and pepper shrimp, which was okay, and the braised pork shoulder, which was delicious. Definitely worth a try if you're around Chinatown, just be prepared to share your dining experience with strangers.
Soup dumplings were good. I loved the pork fried buns. The General Tso's was very fresh but I was disappointed that it didn't come with any rice or noodles. Others with me had the Lo mein and fried rice and said they were very good as well.
what to order: XIAO LONG BAOOOOOOOOO!!!tip: don't stray too far, sometimes they underquote and if you're not there- there goes your table!My boyfriend and I got SUPER lucky and got sat right away- even though there was like 50 people outside waiting. perks of having a small party! woo! We saw a customer get into a loud, heated argument with the host for underquoting him, calling his number (which he missed because he went somewhere) and then gave his table away.Also! If you have a small party, they will sit you with other small parties at one, big round table. So be prepared for that.First off, I work at Din Tai Fung, which means I have had my fair share of xiao long baos.. but damn, Joe's just kills it. Their XLB are a lot bigger and juicier- there is so much more soup! At first I thought I wouldn't like that much dough, but I was wrong. I was struggling at first because I wasn't sure how to approach a XLB of this size but basically, you gotta just eat it all in one bite! Shove it all in your mouth with some vinegar and ginger!! hahahI liked eating the XLB with the cabbage too! We ordered a noodle dish which was good but oily. I ended up adding the cabbage from the XLB to the noodles to make it a little healthier.PLEASE COME TO ORANGE COUNTY!!!!!!!!!!
Not sure what the hype is all about....If you had Ding Tai Fung then you know what I'm talking about. The skin on the dumplings here are TOO THICK. The meat was average. And the soup inside is not as flavorful as DTF's. This place provides a tong to help you remove the dumplings, but I just end up puncturing the darn thing. Better off using your chopsticks.We also ordered some noodles (forget the name of the dish). It was like as if it was going through an identity crisis... it's semi stir fry noodles but as the same time it was sitting in soup.... Wouldn't recommend.Honestly the entire meal was not very memorable. Pretty sure I won't be back.
I am in town for work so I came alone. I was seated in 5 minutes. You get seated with random people at a table. I ordered the pork xiao long bao, a spring roll, scallion pancakes, and cold sake. The xlb was too doughy for me. You could also taste the fat in the broth. There was a ton of broth inside, but it wasn't was good as din tai fung. Also, the size is bigger than a mouthful. I ended up cutting away a lot of the dough. It was okay but nothing I would crave. They also didn't have any vegetable appetizer. The spring roll never came, but I was full from the xlb and pancake so I didn't complain.
Chose this place as it was the only place in Chinatown with over 4,000 reviews and four starts.  Nothing special but nothing bad so it does not deserve four stars, just average Chinese-style fast food.  Very busy and you will wait (even if you get there early) and it's communcal seating.  The place is very busy so it's production style: order, get your food, eat it and that's it.  Servers are friendly but hurried.
Bad service. They know that 15% tip will be added automatically on the bill so they dont care about costumer service,never smile never say thank you.
I dream of the pork soup dumplings!!!  Best I've ever had!  This place is so much fun and chaotic!  Bustling interior.  Be prepared to literally knock into some strangers and start up a conversation.  Unless you have a huge party you'll be seated at large tables where you (can) share food with people you've never met (or just talk, but keep the food to yourself).  Everyone is just thrown into this melting pot of a place so it's easy to be chatty and even walk out with a new friend or two.
It doesn't look like much but don't let that foul you.  The soup dumplings were definitely the highlight.  As others have said, be careful eating them because they are filled with hot liquid...but EXTREMELY tasty.  Be prepared to go early or wait and part of the experience will be being sat at a table with strangers which I think is actually a fun touch.
Really good food and very quick. Hole in the wall kind of place but amazing food. Gets crowded so plan to wait outside for sometime
As soon as my bf and I walked in, we were seated right away. We ordered the soup dumplings to start, eggplant in garlic sauce, szechuan beef and two bowls of white rice. The soup dumplings were so succulent and full of flavor! We ended up ordering more soup dumplings. The eggplant was tender and the garlic sauce really complimented it, adding a hint of sweetness. The szechuan beef was perfect and the sauce tasted so good over the white rice. This is the place to eat for delicious Chinese food!
Everyone comes here for the soup dumplings. The wait at 1:30 PM on a Saturday wasn't bad at all, 35 minutes. But that's only because you have to share tables with other people. The dumplings are good and cheap. I don't like that the dumplings do not fit nicely on the spoon. The dough is too thin and it dries too quickly so it sticks to the container and breaks when you pick it up, spilling the soup. Other than that, the meat and soup in the dumplings were great. Service was quick and seems rushed, but I can't blame them. I hate how they charge a service fee!!! It resulted in us leaving way too much tip because we forgot there was a service charge after quickly glancing at it prior to paying. That was our mistake.
This place is pretty decent. Their XLB is pretty juicy. However, when comparing this to Ding Tai Fung it just doesn't compare. I'm not that big of a fan of DTF but I do like the skin of DTF's dumplings. Here it's kind of just big saggy and juicy. It's tasty but probably not worth waiting in line for. Luckily when I went it was pretty empty and got seated right away. I also got the rice cake noodle soup which was actually pretty good. The restaurant is small so we sat next to another couple really close. I wasn't too sure what the service charge was on the bill. I asked the waiter if that's tip and he said yes. Hopefully that's really what he means because I didn't leave anything else. lol
It's true the crab and pork soup dumplings are exceptional. We also had the Chinese cabbage with dried shrimp platter, the scallion pancakes, and mushroom and bamboo shoots. All were tasty though the two vegetable dishes could have eased up on the saucing - the ingredients shine all on their own! My beef had to do with the experience - waiting for a table is not unheard of, but once you sit down, I'd really like to not be further rushed. We ordered several dishes and they came nearly all at once. Our order for a party of 5 overwhelmed the surface area of the table we were sharing with another couple, and left little room for their dishes. Additionally, sitting on the aisle side of the restaurant meant I was hit no less than 5 times by passing servers, other patrons' bags, and the like, and these were no slight pats, but ones that sent my head or arm knocking forward to disrupt items on the table. Managing the crowds or staff is clearly not high on JS' priority list.   I'm glad I came once for the famous dumplings but if the rest is part of the charm of JS, I'd rather opt out.
Ok, totally worth the hype. Their pork soup dumplings are the best ones I've had in the city. They are so good you don't even need the accompanying sauce. The soup is very rich, smooth, and satisfying. Crab dumplings... Meh... Stick to the pork ones, or try just to try them. It's communal seating but honestly who really cares. These places are always loud and crowded anyways. Came here at 5:30pm on a Friday and didn't wait long at all. They have lazy Susan's at the large round tables, but seems like they don't rely use them, not even to put the dumplings on the table. Oh well. We also got the crispy shredded beef. It was awesome. Crispy and sweet just how I love this dish. Dumplings here are where it's at. Just plan ahead and come early to avoid the crazy wait.
The line outside is a but intimidating when you first get there however they are pretty efficient with getting you seated quickly. I am visiting from San Diego and my friends showed me this place and I'm glad they did. Dumplings that inside it has soup?!? Like WHAT.. Haha had to try. Got the scallion pancake BOMB.. The dumplings are really good got the pork and it's actually really filling. The chicken fried rice with soy sauce was really good.. I feel like anything you order would be really good.Service was average nothing amazing. Had to ask for more water a lot but definitely is worth a shot and be ready to wait.
Incredible dumplingsI went here with my girlfriend on a Saturday around 2. After a 20 minute wait, we were sat at a table for 6 with a family in the loud and crowded restaurant. The noise and bustle, which would have been annoying at most places, is all part of the Joe's charm. We had heard that the dumplings were the things to get here and we were not wrong. We split an order of fried pork dumplings and an order of the soup dumplings. Neither disappointed. The fried pork dumplings had a great doughy shell. It was perfectly chewy on one side, but fried and crispy on the other. While these were great, it was the soup dumplings that really stole the show. I had never had soup dumplings before, so that may have been part of my amazement, but these were the single best thing I have had in a long time. I don't want to describe them here because I would do them a disservice...By the time we had eaten the dumplings we were full so did not have a main course, however all entrees we saw looked great and we will definitely be back!
Soup dumplings! Best i ever had. Get them, other food on the menu comes in large portions enough for 2 maybe 3 to share i sometimes have to ask for extra white rice ( the white rice serving is small) communal seating, they will show you how to eat the dumplings. I really enjoy coming here very crowded on the weekend, during the week is best
Do yourself a favor and DO NOT wait over 30 minutes MAX in line. There are similar restaurants in the area that do not come with the wait. This place is VERY average when it comes to Asian cuisine. The Lao Ming is edible. What really places this place on the map is the pork soup dumplings. They're tasty. Careful though, the soup inside is hot. You don't wanna pop one of these in your mouth. The soup dumplings are really the only reason to come here, but even they are not worth waiting over 30 mins in line for.
Not the best dumplings or noodles, but passable. Also had the green beans. Think that that was our favorite dish.
It's all that the many glorious reviews claim it to be!  Clearly a tourist favorite,  but we saw plenty of locals as well. This was the only restaurant with a waiting line on a Thursday night,  on a street lined with Chinese places. Must try the dimsum. Can easily make a meal of dimsum only.   I'm not much of a pork/ beef lover, but was pleasantly surprised with MANY options in chicken,  seafood and vegetarian mains (no veg dimsum though). We ordered the crab and pork dimsum (recommended by staff, over the fried pork dumplings). 8 pieces a portion. So good! Finished with a portion of Kung Pao chicken.  Small chunks of chicken,  fried and sautéed with peanuts and peppers.  Perfect for spicy chicken lovers.  Portions are large, thus a great place for large groups. Steamed rice complimentary with mains. Oh and washed these down with Tsingtao beer. Relished the sweet orange pieces that are served,  at the end of your meal. What a nice traditional touch!Overall ... we're definitely going back. Loved the busy casual 'no frills' atmosphere, with focus on good food.There is a science to eating soup dumplings! Check out these simple step-wise instructions from thedailymuseblog - thedailymuseblog.com/sea…
Pretty sure the soup dumplings made me vaguely ill. That or the scallion pancake, maybe too oily.
Don't expect tablecloths or fine china - or even the waiters to pay attention to you without excessive flagging.Joe's Shanghai is a pretty typical, run of the mill Chinatown restaurant - expect it to be busy, cheap, and loud, and don't expect to always get your own table. There's always a crowd waiting outside, and they seat as efficiently as possible - that includes filling up the bigger tables as fully as possible. The menu options have all the family favourites, but people really seem to come to Joe's Shanghai for the soup dumplings. The soup dumplings were pretty good - they definitely weren't the best I've ever had, and I honestly don't think they were the best in Chinatown either. None of them had popped or leaked, but the skin is pretty thick, and instead of being plump, some of them kind of shrivel up. The other food on the menu is pretty run of the mill.
Ok for Soup Dumplings Joe's Shanghai is pretty darn good. But personally I prefer Din Tai Fung in So Cal. And I'm sure I'm probably like the only one that feels that way but I thought the meat at Joe's was not as fresh. We also got the Shanghai noodles which I thought was average and  this spicy chicken dish which I liked a lot (more than the dumplings). But maybe that's because I love spicy food...Bottom line: If you like soup dumplings definitely check this place out. If you have no idea what soup dumplings are go check it out. If you hate soup dumplings, you may want to reconsider.
I was so surprised that we did not have to wait long.  We came here on a Saturday around 1pm.  We waited about 20 minutes or so.  It is very crowded inside.  If you come with a smaller party, you will share a table with someone else.  It seems very awkward, but in the end you don't care because you just want to be seated and eat some dumplings.We ordered the pork and the crab dumplings.  YUM.  The crab dumplings were my favorite.  Both have so much broth in them.  Be careful biting into them.  The broth is hot and you don't want to spill the broth.  We also ordered the pancake which was good, nothing to special.  We ordered the Shanghai noodles, which is basically like a chowmein with thicker noodles.  Their menu is very extensive.  Lot of Chinese food on the menu. but people come here for the dumplings.  Very good and inexpensive.
I am a dumpling monster and wanted to try the East Coast rival to Din Tai Fung. Having tried DTF only two weeks prior in California, I felt I was at a vantage point to compare the two locations. Although I feel Din Tai Fung definitely wins the battle, Joe's Shanghai still satisfied my XLB cravings and were very tasty.// WAIT // 20 minutes for a party of 5 at 4 PM on a Saturday// SERVICE // You feel incredibly rushed to eat and you are accosted several times to ask if you are done with your order and to pay. Once you pay, you are given the stink eye to hurry out so they can seat more people in their massive line. In addition, tables are communal to accomodate as many people as possible.// FOOD //     + Crab soup filled dumplings: Dumplings are larger than DTF, but not nearly as pretty because the skins are very thick and the dumplings are wrapped messily. Presentation aside, they are still very tasty     + Pork xiao long bao: Larger and juicier than DTF, but the juices that are flowing definitely are oilier and taste fattier.
Came here after hearing about all the hype.  It was about a 15 minute wait on Sunday afternoon - not too bad.  Just don't come here for the decor.The scallion pancakes were hot and flaky - very good, especially with the sauce.  The pork and crab/pork soup dumplings were hot and very tasty.  I'd recommend the crab/pork soup dumplings, but both are great.And all this for $20?  Very very good.Note: Tip IS included; and CASH ONLY.
You know Joe's hasn't lost its original flavor when it continues to keep its Chinese patrons even as the tourists and non-local New Yorkers come a-flockin'.Tip on how to eat the soup dumplings: I like to take a small nip (I'd advise against big bites as you'll likely burn your tongue) and pour the soup into a bowl of rice, eating the dumplings with the soaked rice. Turns it into a small meal than just appetizers.If you come in small numbers, you will likely be seated at a larger table with other patrons. In my case, I asked for a table for one in English, which meant I was shepherded to a non-Chinese table. (Other tables seated only Chinese customers.) Having been accustomed to the communal nature of Asian food culture, I did not mind this, and even enjoyed listening in on surrounding conversations, one of which was between two producers of a forthcoming NBC TV show in February.Don't anticipate anything even close to what you know as decent customer service here. The place is loud and busy and waiters are usually short with their customers -- one man at my table ordered a coke to a scowling waiter, as if he couldn't be bothered. The entire table had a good laugh over it. Just think of it as a concentrated experience of Chinatown's particular "charm" -- nothing is meant as a personal jab.  Keep in mind that despite all of this, a 15% service charge is automatically calculated into the final amount.
BEST xiao long tang bao (Steamed soup dumpling: $5.95 for 8 pc)BEST scallion pancake ($2.95)BEST drunken chicken ($7.95)No really, it's amazing how a well-renowned Chinese restaurant can serve all these excellent food at cheap prices! The star of course is the XLTB. Be careful when you pick up a dumpling so that you don't break it, because it is filled with hot delicious soup that you do not want to waste! Once you carefully placed it on your spoon, break it so your spoon will be filled with the soup within. Don't try to directly bite the XLTB like a normal dumpling! It will be a hot mess.Be sure to get the golden pan-fried scallion pancake and the drunken chicken too! I haven't had a drunken chicken this good ever since my first drunken chicken dish in a high-end restaurant in Taiwan.It's cash only and you may have to wait for a while so be prepared. If you are visiting NYC Chinatown, you need to eat a meal here especially if you want stellar XLTB!
This place has depreciated since my last visit. I went in with an old friend living in New York with high hopes of impressing her, but the service was unresponsive and the cold noodles I was so enamored with came out soggy and bland. Guess this place got in over their heads with the high volumes of customers that its quality tanked.  i'll just have to find a new spot next time i visit Chinatown in NY.
Cane to NYC for a weekend and of course wanted to try all the amazing food...gahhhh I wish there was more time to eat in a weekend! This review is specifically for the soup dumplings. Omgggg best soup dumplings I've ever had. My gf and I ordered the pork and crab. There was so much flavor in the these dumplings. We found both to be delicious but we liked the crab a little better but does that mean I would be mad if someone bought me the pork and forced me to eat it? Let's not kid ourselves.Def a place to come back to!!
Go there for the dumplings. It's great! Service... Not so great! Wait time will always be 30 mins even if it's shorter or longer. It will always be 30 mins... That's what the little girl that giving out numbers say.
Joe's Shanghai is known for their soup dumplings. That's what I ordered and Spring rolls. First off, let's talk about the atmosphere. It feels so....Americanized. They have Ellie golden, Justin bieber, Coldplay etc on the back playing. It feels out of place. Like someone twerking to classical music. I'm not sure what's the hype about Joe's. Maybe cause there's a lot of reviews on Yelp. Their soup dumplings was 'meh' to me. I've had WAYYYY better ones down at Mott st and Bayard st. The meat inside the dumplings wasn't as juicy, and some of the dumplings were deflated so the juices was out. It lacks the sweet pork flavor. If it wasn't deflated it could've masked it. As for the spring rolls, forget it. There was a light brown hair on the plate. Clearly it's not mine, my hair is black. Y'all play too much and the bill came up to $50 that wasn't worth it. Go somewhere else to get soup dumplings. Overall, Joe's doesn't feel or taste authentic. You won't be seeing me back here.I would give Joe's a 3 stars, but that hair on my plate.....Congratulations, you just played yourself.
This place is too overrated. It's mainly a tourist attraction to eat here but I expected way more. Waited to try this awhile back and I finally got to try it. This place serves my hometown food and it's one of the most well known places for its XLB's. So I thought that I'd MUST try this to see what the real hype was. But I was pretty disappointed. First off, we came in and we got seated right away but we had to share a table with like 3 other parties meanwhile we walked past an empty table. We eventually asked to change our seats though. They barely even gave us any time to look at the menu and just took our order anyway but its forgiving since the place was very full and busy. So we ordered the crab meat XLB, the regular pork XLB, and the scallion pancakes. We got our food pretty timely, though. To begin with, the scallion pancakes was such a disappointment. It was not crispy whatsoever and it had a weird taste to it. Not something I was looking forward to eat... The crab meat and pork soup dumplings were decent but wasn't fulfilling. I've definitely tried better ones out there. It may have been better if we tried other things such as the Shanghai noodles or another dish. Our check came out to be $22.62 and yes, the tips of 15% were included. Yes this is a well known place for its soup dumplings, I doubt I'd come back anytime soon.
SO cheap, and SO good. I just don't like sitting in a table with people I don't know. But the restaurant has no choice because the line to eat is so long (I don't like waiting either, super impatient especially waiting to eat). So in a table for 10 people, they would fit 3 couples there, or 2 families there. I still think it's the best 小籠包 place in Chinatown.
I've been here several times and the last time I went I realized this place isn't ALL THAT. The only decent things are the scallion pancakes and the dumplings. The people that work here are rude though, which makes me not enjoy it so much.
Soupiest xiao long baos of ALL TIME! I can't believe how much soup there was! It literally filled up like 2/3 of the XLB. Make sure you eat them in those large porridge spoons, because I can guarantee that the soup will explode all over the place. The skin was also excellent. Not once did my amateur chop stick skills break the durable skin of the soup dumplings..which says a lot! And I definitely can't complain about the price, which is one of the cheapest I've seen. The green onion pancake was SO GOOD. Really well fried. And the dipping sauce was so delicious. I also got a noodle dish. I can't remember the name of it, but it was covered in gravy. It was overly salty and unappetizing. I didn't bother finishing it. Next time, I'll go for the sesame noodles instead.
No NYC trip is complete without a visit to Joe's Shanghai.  Twice.I go here for only one thing: xiao long bao (XLB).  What are XLB, you ask?  Soup dumplings.  Basically, a pork broth is made from bones and is subsequently made into a gelatin, then cubed and combined with regular dumpling filling.  As the dumpling is steamed, the gelatin cubes melt producing a soup inside.  Genius, eh?  There are two kinds: pork and pork with crab.  I personally like the latter more because the fishy crab cuts the fatty pork flavor nicely.  Cathy H.'s Step-By-Step Guide on How To Eat Xiao Long Bao:1) Using tongs, place one on your spoon. 2) Take a small bite so as to pierce a hole in the dumpling. (See photo.)3) Slurp slowly.  It is very hot temperature-wise.  Note: Your eyes may roll back due to extreme satisfaction.  That is okay.4)  Spoon a small amount of the sauce (soy and vinegar) into the cavity you produced and top with julienned ginger.  Note: Request an additional bowl of ginger and sauce -- you'll want it.5) Devour.  Wash down with ice cold ginger ale.  Note: Your eyes may roll back due to extreme satisfaction.  That is okay.6) Repeat steps #1-5.Between two people, three steaming baskets of dumplings can be demolished with ease.    This is a cash-only place.  Each basket is roughly $6-7 (you'd swear you're committing highway robbery).  Furthermore, don't bother tipping unless the service was out-of-this-world good because they charge you a 15% service fee to pay their employees (in other words: obligatory gratuity) on top of state tax.  This is posted on their door, but I'm sure many fail to read it and tip anyway.  Don't fall into that trap.  Joe's Ginger (down the street) is a sister restaurant and serves XLB, too, so go there if Joe's Shanghai has a wait.Rant: Why can't one locate legit XLB in the DC/VA/MD area?
We all know that joe's shanghai is some of the best soup dumplings in NYC. The more people you have the longer the wait, so try to stick with just 2-3 people when you come visit, and its a good idea to come at off hours. One thing that irked me was that they gave away our seats last minute because a regular customer/friend of a worker came in and asked for seating and were seated right away where our table as being cleaned. Either way, I love the food, decent prices if you stick with the dumpling (which you should). The hot tea that comes with the food is good quality tea which I appreciate as a tea connoisseur. Also a very high chance you will be seated with other people that you do not know at a big table, so just a forewarning (didn't bother me though).
Cheap, filling, greasy, tasty.   Was playing tour guide to some friends from out of town (Houston, Palm Springs and San Diego) and we needed a nosh after going on a wild goose chase to buy bootleg purses*.  Anyway, we walked by and there wasn't a wait so we dashed in to grab some salty nourishment. I say this because everything here seems kind of salty.  We had the soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and fried dumplings.  The fried dumplings were nothing special.  Very generic and I wish we hadn't ordered them.The scallion pancakes were great, however.  I liked getting the pieces that were a little well done.  Soup dumplings (or pork buns, whatever you want to call them) were great.  I really like them.Service is bruque but efficient.  They really get people in and out and fit in as many people as possible, so make friends with the other people sitting at your table.For my out of town friends, they thought it was cool.  I'd go back, but I'd never wait more than five minutes for a table.  We all left stuffed to the gills and it set us back $7 each._______________________________________*Side note: I don't approve of that, but the girls didn't want to hear any of my objections, they just wanted the faux Tory Burch bags-
Pork and crab soup dumplings- enough said! You have to order that! Hands down, best dumplings I've ever had. Scallion pancakes were also good, but very greasy. Very busy restaurant, so be prepared to share a table with strangers, since they fill up all available space. Just had this yesterday, and I'm craving for it again today.
Dumplings were good but not amazing. Line becomes ridiculous in the evenings. Not sure what the hype is all about, but overall it was a cool experience.
I used to come here all the time but haven't in ages now but still do recommend this spot as one of the top places to go for soup dumpling but personally, I love their fried rice. :)
The shrimp fried rice and the fried dumplings were nothing to brag home about. Didn't have much flavor. The soup dumplings were great! The General t chicken was also very good. Restaurant had a "B" rating when I went...I made the mistake of looking up why. Don't make my mistake.
Fantastic soup dumplings, and really cheap! We (party of two) got lucky and happened to get seated in about fifteen minutes.
Yum! This place is good. It may be kind of weird for some people because they make you share tables with strangers. We ordered two orders of the soup dumplings. One crab and one normal. Personally, I did not care for the crab ones. I thought the seafood flavor was really strong, but my friend didn't think so. The service was OK and the place was clean. I had soup dumplings in Flushing and I thought they tasted better. The skin was thinner and they were smaller but they tasted somewhat better.
Sadly, I was not impressed. Came here on an extremely cold (15 degrees) night expecting to be warmed up by the yummy soup dumplings but instead, I left disappointed. We tried both the pork and crab dumplings and both was a let down. The skin was thick and ripped easily causing all the soup to spill out. Also, I felt like the dumplings were undercooked and being that it's pork, that's some serious food poisoning that can happen.
Somehow the words Joe and Shanghai doesn't fit together, one may think this is an Americanized Chinese resto?Certainly not the case!  the service is unfriendly but fast, the tea is boiling hot and prices are dirt cheap.  A big bamboo steamer filled with piping hot tender little pouches filled with meaty broth and pork meatballs -- these are Xiao Long Baos or soup dumplings as everyone knows them by.Some basic survival tips on how NOT to burn yourself while eating XLBs:1. Gently lift dumpling to your soup spoon.2. Bite off a small opening on the side or at the top to open the knot3. Add 3:1 ratio of soy sauce: vinegar into your soup spoon (thanks Alex L!)4. Let the soup drain into the spoon (to cool it off) or slurp carefully.5. Eat and repeat!I also tried their turnip cake, but that was just a fried ball of grease.  Yuck.It's best to get here before the lunch rush hour or peak dinner times for maximum enjoyment.  Get it while it's hot!
Out of this world dumplings.  And I would stick with just the dumplings as the other items are mediocre American versions of Chinese food.
I can't really decide between 3 or four stars... so 3.5?I bookmarked Joe's shanghai after hearing from numerous friends on the west coast that this is a must try.I live in LA is surrounded by Ding Tai Fung devotees.. here and there i hear from people that Joe's Shanghai is better..so I had to give it a try.On a monday night around 8pm the place was packed. No reservations walk ins only. My friend arrived early and was able to grab a number (although they won't seat you until you're entire party is there).Given how popular this place is, it's likely you'll be sharing a table with another party..which is kind of odd.. not my favorite way of dining with strangers right across the table from you.Anyhow, the staff was quick to serve us..but it took them forever to request for anything else. Boo.For the three of us we ordered the following2x of the pork XLB-they were definitely bigger than what i'm use to.-upon biting the xlb, be careful! This particular one has lots of stock (soup) inside and it can get quite messy-for me the skin (wrapping) was a tad bit too thick to my liking-the meat was good and had good flavor, but the texture was a tad bit too mushy for my likingscallion (green onion) pancake-too oily! but some people like it this way-not crispy enough for my taste budsgarlic sautéed green beans-this i liked..and probably enjoyed the most.So.. was it better than the SoCal contenders? eh.. Although the price was comparable ( a bit cheaper actually) I think in terms of the XLB i enjoy those at DTF(which isn't amazing either and overhyped as well) a bit more. It's more delicate and the flavor and texture combos work better. For that alone, I would probably say that the XLB places in CA are a better option, but of course..this is just MY opinion. Test it out with your tastebuds..and see how you feel.*cash only
To be honest, I don't understand why everyone likes this place. I think it's just a Xiao long bao place that all the kids and tourists go to. I've been to many other places that have better soup dumplings.
Joe's Shanghai is a staple for New York tourists that are looking for something other than cheese cake factory. Definitely get the soup dumplings. There is always a wait, I recommend putting your name in and going across the street for a foot massage while you wait.
Best soup dumpling ever, get the crab meat one. It was an hour wait for us , but it's totally worth it
finally i got to take my wife to her first authentic chinese restaurant !  im glad we came here.   obviously we chose this place because of the amount of good reviews on yelp.   when you walk in, you are placed at a seat in a big circular table,  dont get too cozy because other patrons will be dining at the same table as you! if you have social anxiety this place isnt for you.  this may some type of chinese tradition,, or just a smart way to get all the customers in and seated quickly.   regardless   its a cool atmosphere,,, watching the guys peel the green beans on the table behind us.   our servers were quick and efficient. we met some nice people from new york and los angeles. they gave us the low down on the MUST order of this place. i believe it was called dim sum soup dumpings?  we chose pork.   delicious !!! i have never had this type of dumpling, similar but not this way.  i thank our other table members for recommending that.   we went the traditional and safe route and ordered kung pao chicken and pork fried rice.  giant portions for a good price.   we got to take the leftovers home and enjoy a whole meal extra.  they include a service charge of 15 percent on your bill so heads up there. but dont fret. the service is great. i never once had to ask for a refill. they were always on top of it .  cash only
A tourist trap in Chinatown, there are much better choices for soup dumplings in this beautiful city of ours. The faces that don't smile on the servers and the seriously ridiculous service charge of 15% is enough to keep me away forever. But why try to be good when you have a revolving door of new customers every day who are going to be one-time visits only? Put this place in a different neighborhood and reset their Yelp ratings and they're out of business in a few months.  Five stars only because the Miami neon, Chinese, NY, decor makes absolutely no sense.
First time ever trying soup dumplings and this is the new bar that has been set. The broth is flavorful and dumplings are nice and chewy. Just eating the dumplings alone is pretty cheap and in retrospect we should have ordered a bunch more. Service was pretty quick and the staff was pretty attentive to our needs.
I was introduced to Xiao Long Bao probably 10 years ago by an ex. She was older and more travelled than I was at the time XLB and it changed my life. She told stories of thin dough, not weak, but still ever so slight chew. A broth so complex you'd think it was a reduction or a jous and pork frolicking with crab inside. The best of all dumplings and quite possibly the best pasta of any kind.I'd been going to DTF (Din Tai Fung) for a while now driving from San Diego to Alhambra, yeah 100 miles away for a singular dish. I had high expectations coming here. After all NYC has the most Chinese American's and is like 5th by percentage. It's in Chinatown so I pretty much figured it would be good considering the # of reviews and how packed it was.Service is typical Chinese restaurant (not fine dining). Flagging down for everything, but doesn't take away from the meal. You're a little grumpy having waited anywhere from 10 to and hour if you came early and more if you didn't.Their XLB is larger than DTF, juicier than DTF, but the soup is fattier and not as complex and the skin is much thicker and chewy. The crimping is sloppy, but not functionally sloppy. Sesame seed noodles have good flavor and a slight aftertaste that doesn't linger. Good body and bounce. The hot and sour soup was thick, almost chunky, but not in a slurrie thickened sort of way and actually a little bland for the consistency, minimal depth. Scallion pancake was greasy and delicious in it's own way, soft, crunchy. I would murder that with some naan and hummus or bitchin sauce/majestic garlic spread. Drunk food for sure. I playfully called them gravy long bao's because the soup was so fatty. And I know your all thinking it now, what about real gravy, I've tried it and it doesn't work. I've got chef friends of mine playing with that flavor profile already, but if you beat me and them to the invention it's all yours. You marvel at the community around you since you use communal tables, everyone enjoying their dumplings lost in their own worlds. Price for most dishes is pretty good, and not just for NYC or Chinatown, but solid making all your expensive places just overpriced. I had 3 orders of XLB and with my soup, noodles and pancakes I was stuffed. That's a meal for 2 normal people apparently, but suggested portions are for ninnymuggins anyhow.Cash only, can get stuffy and hot, very crowded as it's fame perpetuates itself and continues to disappoint anyone whose been to DTF. It's solid for the area and very popular, but mediocre xlb is better than no xlb.
Expect a long line. Grab a number and wait for your number to be called. It might seem like a long wait but will be totally worth it. And they go through the numbers pretty quick. Make sure everyone is there when they call your number otherwise they won't seat you. Know what you want to order so that you can order as soon as they seat you. We were a group of 6 but two of us ran out to get boba and they called our number but couldn't get seated until the entire group was present. Anyway! We ordered as soon as we got seated: xiao long bao (steamed buns), Shanghai noodle, scallion pancake, chicken fried rice, and dumpling soups. The xiao long baos are amazing. Be careful when you grab it from the steam basket! There's soup inside so grab the buns from the top to avoid poking a hole and loose all the soup inside. The Shanghai noodle was okay. My friend loved the scallion pancake. She thought it had a good amount of scallion flavor in it. I thought it tasted okay. Very mild in flavor. The chicken fried rice was really good. The flavor was just right. I felt like I didn't need to add any more sauce to it. It was a little too greasy though, making the rice look kinda mushy. Dumpling soup was good. Their portions are good. We weren't sure how much to order and ended up to-going half of our food.
Loved my food and the authentic flavors that Joe's captivated from Shanghai. I had a spring roll along with the hot tea that comes on the table and then ordered a bunch more from the menu. Everything is good, go crazy!
I always mean to try other things on the menu when I visit here, but I end up stuffing myself with pork soup dumplings before I even get to ordering other dishes. The hot soup in the dumplings is divine, and the dumpling skin is incredibly thin and tender. As with many Chinatown spots, service is brusque and space is extremely limited - don't be surprised to be sitting elbow to elbow with strangers. Also, try and come during off-peak hours to avoid waiting.
We had the XLB, subgum casserole, eel with chives, and stir-fried vegetables. The soup was quite delicious. Unfortunately the XLB wasn't quite as good as what I had in their Flushing location. Overall, the entrees were a bit too oily for our taste.We also had to share a table with another customer.
2 FOR FLAVOR! Minus 3 stars for cleanliness and service.The place is carpeted and stinks like mildew and dirty feet, and the restaurant overall is FILTHY, as well as what you can see of the kitchen from the bathroom line. I know Chinatown doesn't have exactly the best reputation for cleanliness, but a touristy place like this really has no excuse.Our server seemed completely annoyed with us, and we were very straight forward and were an easy group. You also will have to share a table w other people - something to be aware of.The soup dumplings were good, and the shirmp on top of crispy noodle was also delicious!I wouldn't say they are using the best quality of ingredients, but it's tasty.
Bring cash! Probably obvious to those familiar with China town, but I ended up running around the corner to chase to pull some out. I was seated at a table with some other tourists and we had a wonderful chat and share some of our dishes with one another. Loved the food and atmosphere!:)
Soup Dumpings & Shanghai Noodles. Those are the only things you need to get when you're here. I think soup dumplings are good in general, but these are really as good as it gets. This is basically the only place you have to come to if you want to show people around NYC or if you're coming as a tourist or if you're just in the mood for some really amazing soup dumplings. The wait is pretty short (there can be a line because it's THAT popular & good), but the food comes out really fast, like EXTREMELY fast. Also, even if it doesn't seem like it, the waiters do understand english pretty well because there are a lot of non-Chinese people that come through the restaurant. However, the menu can get really overwhelming, but I swear you just need to keep ordering soup dumplings and a few plates of Shanghai noodles and you're set to go. There are either crab or pork soup dumplings. I recommend getting both at first and then ordering more of whichever based on your taste. Basically, if you ever get the chance, you HAVE to stop by here at least once in your lifetime cause you're going to keep coming back for more.
Coming from the SF Bay Area with tons of yummy Asian food, I have to say Joe's Shanghai is definitely waaay over-rated. We ordered the Pork & Crab XLB - I took one bite and couldn't finish.  The flavor was meh.  The dumpling filling did not taste fresh, but instead was super fishy in my opinion.    We also ordered some veggies (kong xin cai) and the cold sesame noodles.  The veggies were okay/standard.  The noodles were luke warm and texture wise were kind of mooshy.  Considering this place had 4000 reviews, 4+ stars, I was expecting some damn good Chinese food or at least some yummy XLB.  Sad to say, Joe's Shanghai was way below expectations.
I got the pork dumplings (8pcs for $5.99...waayyy cheaper than Din Tai Fung in Arcadia) and I thought they were just OK. They are definitely bigger than DTF's but I didn't really think they were that great. I got a plate of the cold dishes...sliced beef and jelly fish. That was tasty!! I love jelly fish. It was $5.99/cold plate which I thought was kind of pricey. Service was great and attentive. When I am ever in Chinatown in NYC again, I will come back and try the other Shanghai dishes.
Being from LA, the closest we have to this is a Din Tai Fung. But honestly it's not even good to me! So I was kinda iffy trying this place out. I had to give it a try because my friends were raving about this place. It is kinda of awkward having to share table with strangers like now I really have to eat properly. Everything we got was so good. Service was okay!
The Xiao Long Baos here are BOMB. Probably the best I've ever had... and believe me, I've had quite a fair share of XLBs. The XLBs here are so popular in NY that the minute you are seated the waiter will ask if you want to order any. I ordered the Pork XLB and the Crab+Pork XLB. The crab was interesting, it was good, but I'm not sure if I would order it again. It just wasn't my cup of tea. As for the Pork dumplings, it was perfect. The wrap was the perfect thickness, not too thin where it would break, and not too thick where it overpowers the stuffing and the soup. There was a good amount of the pork on the inside, drenched in a very flavorful soup broth. I was very satisfied with my experience at Joe's and I would recommend it to anyone who is visiting NYC.
I love Chinese food and especially dumplings. After my second visit to Joe's I had to give it a review. The Soup Dumplings are outstanding. I prefer just the plain pork. I have tried them other places but I think they are the best here. A true Chinatown experience!
Very authentic Shanghainese food! We sampled both types of Xiao Long Bao and the pan seared dumplings. Very delicious and authentic. Nicely done!
Very simple, go for the dumplings.  Everything else is good, but your standard Chinese restaurant offering, the dumplings, excellent!
Who can say no to their soup dumplings? I always get one crab and one pork--- and we basically start there :-)  I have to say, the one star off is because last time we went our waiter was less than hospitable, and I do think they close too early.  Plus for some reason the soup dumplings that day weren't quite as amazing as I had remembered.... But other than that, it's a great stop if the mood strikes!
Overpriced tourist trapMean hostess with a mean attitude and desperate need of manners. Watery dumplings, and barely ok everything else. Places hasn't been cleaned or re furnished since 1943
Dumplings are okay. Cool location. A lot going on inside, it can be a little intimidating if you're not a regular I guess. Not my kind of spot. I sat at a random table with an older man and woman who were also there alone. A little weird, waiters all over trying to tend to everyone. The place was packed. I went for a quick bite at lunch hour. Might want to avoid the lunch hour here lol. (12-2) Dumpling+Noodle is my favorite spot in Bronxville.
The XLB was ok.  The pancakes were even better.  All the other stuff was pretty greasy.  Comparing it to Din Tai Fung and some good San Francisco dumpling places, they are all the same level for XLB.
Love the food here! I like to order dumplings and a stir fry. You really get full for not too much food. Cash only, so be prepared!
Great dumplings for a great price!!! Yes, you are seated at the table with strangers if you have a smaller party. Most importantly - it's a CASH only establishment [at least for when I was there, they only wanted cash.. so he told me to go to the pharmacy across the street. For this reason, I give them 4 stars, because there should be more signs posted if this is the case or they should inform parties before they are seated]
Not sure if it's because I haven't gotten soup dumplings in awhile, but their soup dumplings are huge! My friends and I ordered pork soup dumplings, Shanghai style noodles, and a  cold chicken noodle appetizer.  The noodle appetizer comes with shredded chicken breast, cucumbers, and flat rice noodles doused in a peanut sauce. It was pretty good, but it was too saucy. I definitely recommend the Shanghai styled noodles (#122)! Wait staff were nice, but you sometimes share a table with random people if you don't have a large enough group. There are a few tables that fit ten people, and we shared a table with two other groups.
I came here because my friend told me she was obsessed with the soup dumplings here. I came to give it a try. The pork dumpling tasted like it had a fish taste to it. I was disgusted. I also do not like the skin on these soup dumplings. ** hint: the best soup dumplings will take at least 15-20 mins to make. These came out 8-10 mins. That is how you will know they are not fresh probably frozen.
Our favorite dim sum experience yet. As every single person here has said, the soup dumplings are amazing! I liked adding vinegar. But also, we loved the crispy dumplings and turnip cakes (so interesting....not sure what's in it). We also got the braised duck. Perfectly made (tender texture), but I think as a personal preference I would get the crispy duck next time.We will be back!
We came in in the afternoon, it was busy, we got number, were informed about the wait time which was about 30-45 minutes. We decided to wait, and pull cash in the meantime. They only take cash, so be ready. When we came back we waited maybe for few more minutes. Downside to this place: they make people wait outside, there is no waiting room. There was probably 20 people waiting outside with few chairs outside the restaurant. So imagine when the weather is bad.... yup, not cool. Waiter came quickly to our table. We were seated at small table for two people only. Most of the tables you share with others. If you order soup dumplings, they expect you to place order right away since wait time for those is much longer. Noodles were better than dumplings in my opinion. Dumplings were good, but I wasn't in love. Will go again.
Best Chinese food Ive ever had! I was very lucky and came on a day that they weren't super busy. Only took me 5 min to be seated, but be aware wait time cane be high. They do turn people in and out quickly but not in a rude rushed way. The soupy dumplings are a must and both are to die for and apparently as legit as it gets without having to travel across the globe. I also tried staple items as the sesame chicken and main, the best, as well ad the crispy duck, and chicken in plum sauce. This is a place liked by locals and tourists alike which always a food sign. The prices are standard aprox 15-20 per plate.
Why are you here other than the fact that you are coming for their famous soup dumplings? If it's to be around the street with a history of chinese gang shootings, then continue along. Otherwise, come here for shanghai food! Super fast, quick paced and good turnover for seats, I luckily didn't have to wait on a weekday before 7 PM. Past 7, there were lines that were starting to form. XLB: I LOVE IT. Great huge XLB with plenty of soup in it. Stellar, worth it. I really enjoy the regular XLB versus the other variations. Scallion Pancakes: Damn freshly fried pancakes, you do me in. Love it, definitely a great appetizer. Shanghai Rice Cakes: Ahh.. this is sounding repetitive. Delicious and tasty. Only thing were the noodles were a bit on the oily side. Broad Noodles: Also quite delicious - plenty of pork mixed in with the noodles.Szechuan Style String Beans: I loved these. Other places I went to do an ok job with this dish, but damn was this amazing. While I loved all the food I ate here, this was actually my standout dish. Loved eating here, sadly I can't just come here everyday. Overall, it isn't that overly expensive for their food and drinks. RUN HERE.
This restaurant lived up to my expectation. The XLB was better than Din Tai Fung in San Jose. The size was good, bigger than San Jose DinTaiFung. They also had a good amount of crab for each XLB. The fillings were pretty flavorful, too. The crab flavors did stood out. The XLB soup was fatty (not oily), and had lots of meat flavors. Lots of Napa cabbage too. Probably the best XLB i've had in the U.SI also ordered the Yang Chou fried rice (fried rice w peas, chicken, eggs), which was also very good. I had more than half of it togo. $24 in total for this meal and it fed me more than 2 meals. Great deal!CASH ONLY.
This place is the ultimate NYC tourist trap because it is very well known for their soup dumplings (I can see why). Their soup dumplings are delicious and addictive. They are perfect to eat on a cold winter day or night. The only downside about this restaurant is that chances are you will have to be seated with strangers in their large round tables (so they won't waste any seat space as hundreds of people wait long periods of time to get a table everyday). I was awkwardly seated so closely with strangers in the same table and when our different orders arrived at our table (note: mostly everyone who comes here orders soup dumplings), it would be kind of difficult to sort our orders out.
A group of 3 of us walked in at around 6 PM on a Wednesday night and were seated immediately. I guess we got lucky because right after that a couple other groups came in and then there was a line. We sat in those two large communal round tables in the back. The scallion pancakes (2.95) are good and also a small portion (reflected upon by the cheap price). The xiao long bao (8 pieces, comes with steamed lettuce and vinegar sauce) was delicious! My first time having soup dumplings so I don't have anything to compare it to, but I thought the soup inside was very flavorful and the meat was tender and the dough that makes the dumpling was slightly chewy which I loved. We also ordered the Shanghai noodles and a beef/green bean dish. The shanghai noodles were probably the biggest disappointment. It wasn't anything crazy and the noodles were very greasy. Good nevertheless. The beef/green bean dish was great! Couldn't stop eating the green beans. Service is friendly than I would have expected. They do clear the plates as soon as you finish your food. Alcohol is served very quickly. Tsing tao 5.50 was a common beer that everyone else in the table ordered. A 15% tip is already included in your bill. Now I'm off to try other places that aren't so hyped to see if the xiao long bao at Joe's really is worth the hype!
Very very very overrated. 1) The lines are incredibly long.2) The food is really oily.3) + bland.Save your time and go elsewhere. There's plenty of other great restaurants for soup dumplings + Chinese food!
After hearing so much Buzz about Joe's, I had to check it out when I was in the area. From the outside it looks nondescript and unremarkable, but the line up outside gives it away as a hot food destination. We had to wait about 10 mins for a community table that we shared with some other people. The walls had tons of pictures of celebrities at Joe's and that was another indicator of its popularity.We ordered the pork soup dumplings as well as some cold noodles. The noodles were very average and nothing to rave about. The dumplings, however, were easily the best I've had in New York (perhaps the whole east coast) with a ton of thick, creamy soup inside. It was mouthwatering and definitely lived up to the hype.I'll likely be coming back if I'm in the area!
Location: [8/10] Don't expect a formal seating Chinese restaurant. Joe's operates very fast paced and is truly reminiscent of the dim sum restaurants in Shanghai and Hong Kong. If your party is smaller, there's a decent chance you will be sharing a round table with 1 or 2 other groups - which is a fascinating eating experience (the food is so good chances are you will forget about your neighbors). They are also CASH ONLY!Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings): [9/10] Truly the best XLBs I've had outside of the motherland. 8 pork XLBs for $6 is an awesome deal, not just in NYC, but anywhere. The soup in the baos is terrific and you could honestly have 2-3 baskets and call that a solid meal in itself. For that perfect bite, make sure to add some vinegar and sliced ginger.Sweet and Sour Fish: [8/10] I did say fish and not chicken! This a very popular traditional southern Chinese dish, also called 'squirrel fish' b/c it resembles a squirrels tail (sounds odd but don't judge by the name :p ). The fish is deboned, sliced bloomin' onion style, coated in flour, deep fried, and drenched in sweet and sour sauce - yum! It's something unique and authentic that can be shared with the table and definitely worth a try.
There are certain things that I have heard over the years and always held off on believing. One is how wonderful the Chinese food in NYC is. This place made me a believer. The pork soup dumplings were unbelievably good. I'd never had anything like them before. They were delicate little pillows filled with the most flavorful broth and perfectly seasoned pork I've ever tasted. The ginger soy sauce they serve on the side added a sweet and salty component that made the things just sing!Then we got the Beef and Broccoli and Kung Pow Chicken and both were simply fantastic too. Rich brown sauce that wasn't a gelatinous mess like so often I've found. Then the broccoli was fresh and crunchy that was a great compliment to the beef.The King Pow Chicken....wow! So good. So flavorful and just the right amount of spice too. Seriously the meal was just wonderful. Great food, great service and honestly great prices too. Three people ate dinner for about $40! If I lived here I'd be a regular customer.
It is easy to say that this restaurant is my top choice for soup dumplings as of right now. I have been here more times than I can count, and their dumplings have never let me down. In regard to all the other food and service, however, I do have to say that it is definitely not the best I've experienced and was oftentimes disappointing.
Just a ok. We ordered the regular suspects and everything was very average. Nothing stood out as being great or even really good. Our party of 7 had to share a big table with two other groups. Typical Chinese service. Soup dumplings were big and had a lot of soup in them but over the taste was underwhelming. Sorry but I was not impressed.
There was a line up when we showed up in the afternoon, waited around 20 mins for 3 people. We got a shared table with 4 others. Don't expect much service because it is a busy place and all the servers were running around.Their soup dumplings were so good we had to order 2! These dumplings don't compare to the other ones I have had before because of the amount of juice they have in it! It nearly filled up 2 soup spoons from one dumpling.The pork dumpling in wonton broth, was a bit salty and boring. The stir fry shanghai noodles were delicious but oily.From, a Canadian Tourist craving their soup dumplings right now...
Cash only.The "prawns" dish- their signature citrus prawns were standard U12 shrimp.  They obviously have no idea what a prawn is. I do appreciate the dish came with broccoli.The noodles were ok, didn't blow my mind but had a nice wok flavor.The dumplings were grease filled rice paper morsels that really tasted like nothing other than grease.Spring roll was good. $2.25 for one.Overall damage was $50 on food that probably cost $5 to make.
Two words: soup dumplings. That's what you need to order. Also the scallion pancake and pretty much everything in the menu is good. Hordes of people and endless lines that are expertly managed and move fast considering the crowds. Cheap, abundant, yummy and tip is included. Heaven.
Since there's 2500+ reviews on this place already, I'll make this quick and easy:Quick tips: Cash only. Tourist Spot. Hole in the Wall. Well-priced. Food tips: -Pork soup dumplings are great. - Crab and pork soup dumplings are interesting. - Green beans with pork are delicious but pricey $9.95-Stir-fried noodles taste...americanized.Long story short: pork soup dumplings
After reading the reviews I stopped into Joe's for a late lunch. It was a fun experience trying someone now and we had seen that there were a lot of reviews we stopped in. We had the pork dumplings chicken Kung poa and flat noodles.  The dumplings were okay but the flat noodles were out of this world. We ordered ours with seafood. If and when I go back I'll definitely try something similar if not the same exact thing. We shared a table which was fine and atmosphere was definitelyactive. I would definitely recommend stopping in if you've got some time on your hands. Fun experience and good food.
I actually love the area where this place is nestled in. it kinda has an old school china town back ally sketchy kinda feel to it. its one of those streets that if it was late at night and you saw no one on it.... and the fastest way to get to your house was through this street... you would much rather take the farther route of climbing a steep mountain barefoot with no rope and/or water Now to the food. the soup dumplings are quite small and the dumpling is just overly gummy not to mention by the time you get the dumplings... its pretty much dried out and the soup is left to basically droplets. what you say... "Youre Crazy!!!".... been here 3 times... not my choice to go but its been the same each time.
I've been here twice and I honestly don't understand why it has such high ratings. The xiao long bao soup dumplings are ok, but definitely not the best I've ever had, and the rest of the food is just ok. There's almost always a wait, and you have to share a table with other people, which can be really awkward. The wait staff isn't particularly accommodating and overall it's just not really a great experience. Will not be back.
the soup dumplings are really good herebut I wouldn't really recommend the noodle/rice dishes here... very bland
Great Food and service. You have to share tables and its cash only. Wonderful little eating place.
I thought the food was alright. If your from California this Chinese food will not cut it. The fried potstickers were good but the shrimp and chicken in sweet sauce and Broccoli chicken were both oily. Like I said maybe this is considered good Chinese food in New York
When I read about the long waits and the raves about the dumplings, I expected to be wowed.  That is the danger of high expectations.  This is no Din Tai Fung, my friends.  I thought the soup dumplings were too sour, and a couple fell apart in getting transferred to the spoon.  The crispy beef was pretty good, and the scallion pancakes were tasty, but nothing to write home about.
I've been there with my girlfriend a few times now. I think it is a very approachable option for nicer/more authentic Asian food. Their soup dumplings are a must get. I've also had chicken with garlic sauce and some items off of their specials menu and they were all very good. Great food at an affordable price. Can be crowded sometimes so make a reservation if possible.
As I'm sure you've already heard, their soup dumplings are pretty damn good.In fact, it's so good, I'd give up my first born baby for an unlimited supply of Joe's soup dumplings. Their other food items are pretty standard, but I also really like their garlic eggplant and scallion pancakes.As for the service, it's Chinatown, so nothing special.Prices are cheap, but it's cash only, so do carry around some dollar bills.Also, this place tends to be crowded, so make sure you arrive early.Oh, and their soup dumplings are pretty good :)
Soup dumplings were delicious! Better than I expected.
good pork steamed buns and snow pea leaves.
Cash only. Get your soup dumplings here. The seating is group style,  and encourages sharing.  Other than soup dumplings, another favorite is jellyfish.  It looks like onions and tastes smokey and ligament like. Not a gooey taste but still pretty good cold app. For the main dish besides the dumplings I got chicken and broccoli which a lot of others were getting too . Overall, worth the trek to Chinatown.
Eh.  I'm always glad when there is jellyfish as I guiltily love to eat it but overall it's pretty eh.  Yay soup dumplings for pork eaters! They look finely crafted and bursting with flavor and juice.   Not vegetarian friendly ( but that's to be expected at a dim sum place)I guess I'm not eating the things everyone goes crazy for here- but I am a big fan of the genre/style/cuisine.
Yeah, Sometimes I hear that there is a better place for Shanghai soup dumplings than Joe's, but I find that hard to believe cause I've been to Shanghai, China and had soup dumplings there and these are just as good and almost exactly like the ones I had there. Other places in NYC make thinner dumplings, so they tear easily when you try to lift them with your chopsticks and put it in the spoon. Can't go wrong with Joe's so don't bother trying other places, but make sure you get there early or late as the wait is long. Oh, and don't forget to get the string beans and chow fun fried rice as it's very good as well. But don't bother with any entrees, just load up on dumplings as that's why you come here.
This place is crazy, in good and bad ways. First, the good:-soup dumplings are pretty good. Would I wait 30+ mins for it again? Probably not. Do I think other Shanghainese restaurants have just as good soup dumplings? For sure. -prices are decent for NYC. Average per person comes to $27 a person, after drinks and food. -service is fast. We got our order taken and out in 15-30 mins. The bad:-every other dish besides the Chinese food is VERY VERY bland. Fast food Chinese food is much tastier than what we got. We had the spicy roast duck and the fried pork....it was both BELOW AVERAGE. The duck was over cooked and the fried pork was chewy in the inside and the outside was hard. We were really disappointed.  -the waiter was really rude and abrasive. He has a major attitude with our family and we excused him because they were busy but if it was a tip based restaurant, we wouldn't have left any. -Oh yeah, a mandatory 15% tip is added on to each bill. -the lines to get in average 30+ mins.-small tables - can only fit so much and barley have space to eat. My hands kept touching my neighbors. Overall, pretty poor service and food. Yes the dumplings are good but I wouldn't go here again.
Very good pan fried dumplings and Xiao Long Bao.  Pan fried dumpling - Crunchy bottom, meaty and juicy filling.  Xaio Long bao - Hot soupy filling, meat is loose and juicy.  None of the dumplings broke.Service can vary from ok to horrible.
This is a great place for America shanghainese cuisine. However, it may not be the perfect place for Shanghainese, it's not a native shanghainese flavor. If you don't like flighting all the way to China, this will be one of few good choices to settle with.  All the food here is good enough for everyday consumption, but sometimes the freshness of the ingredients need an upgrade. (E.g. Steamed soup buns). If your soup buns have massive vinegar in them, you should start questioning the freshness of the meat. It happens from time to time.Anyway, Joe's Shanghai is standing out with above average food and quality service in Chinese community. It's a good choice for family lunch or dinner.
Loved it, ate there for lunch and was so damn good, went back for dinner. Cash only annoys the hell out of me, but that's common in slot of those places.Can't wait to get back there for more dim sum and dumplings.
Ive been coming to This place for as long as i can remember. The only thing that i had forward to look for when i had jury duty. Everything in the menu is great, but do get the soup dumplings. They ate a must!
Good soup dumplings are hard to come by in The Netherlands, so I made sure to pay this place a visit on my US trip. We came here right before opening time on a Sunday and managed to snatch the only table for two (next to the entrance and a Halloween-decorated fish tank). The food was ordered quickly (waiters do speak English if necessary) and then the waiting game started. The first dish that came out were the Shanghai noodles (~12 min). Oily but yummy. Then the scallion pancakes. Also pretty good. And lastly, 20 min after we ordered, the pork soup dumplings. Don't they have some of these steaming before they open, knowing everyone will want them? The dumplings are big, they won't fit in your spoon without overspilling. The dough was thicker than I'm used to. And they sure are soupy. Verdict: meh, I've had better. All in all, okay place to get your soup dumpling fix but only if there's no line.
I was in Chinatown and decided to try this much talked about place. The inside and outside are just like any other typical Chinatown place. The prices here are comparable as well.We had an order of fried dumplings and also the soup dumplings as well. They were both very good and very succulent. I actually liked the fried ones more (despite the soup ones being the specialty here), simply because I am a bigger fan of fried.Also, I tried some of their Fried Rice, which was well done but with the same quality you would find in any Chinatown place. The other entree I tried was their Fried Rice Cakes with Beef. Their version here was excellent. The Fried Rice Cakes dish is very similar in taste to Beef Chow Fun except the noodles are shaped like discs and are chewier. I like the way this restaurant prepared the beef in it as well - very soft and moist.
Soup dumplings were really good. Everything else was meh. Restaurant is small, but that's typical in new York.  We came on a day that was pouring raining and the place was still packed. Lucky for us, the wait for a table was only five minutes (probably bc there was only two of US). We shared a table with two other couples.
GREASY GREASY GREASY GREASY The only reason this spot got two stars is because of the soup dumplings, they are indeed tasty.  Besides the dumplings, we ordered the scallion pancakes, chicken with rice cakes and pork with crispy noodles.  We were greased out after the dumplings and scallion pancakes and a few bites of the crispy noodles.  The MSG was overwhelming & it literally took 3 beers to finish the meal.  To top it off the female host/seater was extremely rude.  However, the wait staff was extremely attentive and fast.  Decor was drab and "chinatown dirty", meaning its only acceptable in Chinatown.  Feels almost like a tourist trapI would only return for the soup dumplings
5 stars for sure! I went here and it was amazing. I recommend getting the Scallion Pancakes, lo - mein, and the fried rice. All three dishes were amazing. The staff was quick and nice. Place was packed! I'll definitely be coming there again soon.
Soupy dumplings are out of this world. Crab & park are my favorite! Definitely worth stopping by if you're out of town hitting up Canal St!!
We had crab and pork meat soup dumpling ($7.95 per basket) and a fried pork chop with sweet plum sauce and a side of steamed rice ($12.95) Both dish were good and decent price. There was a 8.875% tax and 15% service charge for the bill. They take cash only too!!
The best XLB's I've ever had in the U.S.   Much better than the overrated Din Tai Fung.  Slightly cheaper than average XLB prices.
Having heard of Joe's Shanghai's mastery of the art of soup dumplings, we were excited to visit. I actually used to live in Shanghai, and so my standards were quite high. We had both the crab and pork soup dumplings. The dumpling skin was 4.5/5 - among the best. The pork dumpling broth was 5/5. The crab dumpling broth was 3/5 - too crabby for my liking! I know you're thinking, "you got the crab dumpling, wtf?!" We like crab! Still, the crab dumpling seemed as if the broth was recycled water from steaming the crab. I felt like I was near the seaport. If you're a big crab fan, then this will be a 5/5 for you. For me, I'll definitely return and order twice as many pork.
Had been this place 5 yrs ago, and really liked it. So I choose here to be my first stop this time. But the soup dumpling doesn't taste as good as before. Cash only but still charged tax. Really disappointed.
Wow! The Soup Dumplings are amazing!!! truly a great spot to eat delish food. one huge problem tho, the layout of the restaurant, and constantly being packed reduce this from a 5 to a 4 star, I would come here again guaranteed!
YES. Best XLB I've had so far and that's comparing it to places in the Bay Area, California. Huge pieces that are all consistently filled with soup. And the prices are so reasonable. $6/8 pork, $7 or $8 for 8 crab/pork. I'll definitely be back here for more
Came here to see what all the rave was about their pork soup dumplings. This wasn't the first time that I encountered soup dumplings either so I did have something to compare to their food. I gotta say, the soup dumplings are actually very very delicious! The dough on the outside was moist and not hard so it was easy to bite into the dumplings. The soup was sweet and the pork was just the perfect compliment. The group I came with couldn't get enough so we ended up just ordering more. I would definitely recommend this place for the food, I don't know about the atmosphere. We weren't expecting to get seated with people we didn't know even though we had a large party but it got less awkward after awhile so it wasn't too bad. This is obviously Chinatown so of course it's going to be cash only so be prepared for that. On the bright side, the pork soup dumplings here are probably going to be the best for the cheapest price also. Eight for 5.95!
Xiao long bao hen hao chi! Ho sek! My goodness, its as good as it gets here in Amurrica. Tastes like the soup dumplings I had in Shanghai. Soupy, fresh, hot, amazing. We sat at a big round table (2 of us) with randoms. Didn't like how some kept trying to make small conversations. Shut up I just want to eat, I get HANGRY. Add the red sauce from the table to it. Adds flavor. And spice. Hehe. Get the crab and pork and soup dumplings. It tastes better, trust me. We ordered the flat noodles fried thing, gross. Don't get anything else besides what others say in their reviews (soup dumplings, pancakes, etc). Beware, the wait is stupid. The ladies took anybody near the number they're on and seat them at the table. Make sure you get their attention if its near your number, or else they'll just seat randoms even those who came after you. Be stubborn and assertive to get your seat, that's how I did it in China and it worked at Joe's.
Definitely overrated.  There is always always ALWAYS a line to Joe's Shanghai and I always hear about the good reviews.  I finally gave in and went to try this place with my sister and her friends.  It was a disappointing visit for us.  The food was OK.  Maybe we were just unlucky but some of the dishes we ordered were just too salty and I don't know what happened to my dumplings.  It was dry; where did all the soup go??? Shanghai Cafe offers better dumplings for sure (although the service not so much).  I personally wouldn't recommend the food.  However, if you want to go with the crowd, be my guest!  They do offer ok service, better than nothing!
When I got into the restaurant, I knew there was something wrong. The restaurant was full but over 90% of customers were not Chinese. This kind of restaurant is usually over-rated by those non-Chinese customers who have never been to China. As a Chinese, I know only those restaurants with over 50% Chinese customers are worth the visit. But I still tried their best selling food - soup dumplings. It was good but not excellent. I would have given them 3 stars based on the soup dumplings. But the other foods we ordered were so disappointing. The turnip cake was bad and the fried noodle was very very very horrible.I hope the post can give a warning to other Chinese customers. I know the non-Chinese customers enjoy the food. My comments might not be valid to them.
I would actually like to contest the "don't get anything here except for the xiaolongbao" notion that a few of my fellow yelpers seem to be insistent on; I also ordered the scallion pancakes and the braised sliced beef as appetizers, and both turned out delectably as well.As for the XLBs, they're really a no brainer. If you come here after reading all the yelp reviews before this one and not get the XLB, it's like going to Katz Deli and ordering a hot dog. Or going to Spumoni's and asking for a hamburger.Definitely going to be coming back here anytime I have a burning desire to scorch the inside of my mouth.
The crabmeat soup dumplings alone are worth the trip. It's hilarious that right when you sit down, the waiter asks you what type of dumplings you want to start off with, almost forcing you to get it even if it wasn't your intention.  Promise you won't regret having it though!!
Had so much fun at Joe's Shanghai yesterday and it was definitely some of the best Chinese food I've ever had. The soup dumplings are hard to eat, if you are a novice, but well worth the trouble. We also had the Moo Shoo pork, which I would highly recommend. We went on Sunday at 1 pm and only waited ten minutes for a table. Service was very attentive.
Are you looking for some tasty Eastern Chinese food at a good price in New York's Chinatown? Are you willing to wait a little while to eat at this place? Are you also willing to deal with service that's not great? Well, if you said yes, this place has your answer. The 2010 Not For Tourists Guide to New York City had said that the crab soup dumplings "are essential Chinatown eats" (page 27) and this place is one of the most talked about restaurants in New York's Chinatown. After waiting for 25 minutes, my friend and I were able to get a seat at this place. When my friend and I sat down, we quickly ordered the #1, Xie Fen Xiao Long Bao, which is the Crab Meat with Pork Meat Steamed Bun. This is the crab soup dumplings that the guide was talking about. One basket filled with Xie Fen Xiao Long Bao is enough for a light appetizer for 2-4 people and there are 8 pieces. I actually enjoyed the flavor of the bun, and the meat inside. I don't think I tasted much crab meat. I was able to enjoy the buns by taking a small bite, and sucking the warm broth inside the bun. The dark soy vinegar sauce made the Xiao Long Bao tastier and I liked the warm and soft chewiness of the bun. I have eaten Xiao Long Bao in Shanghai, Hong Kong, and the somewhat decent city of Boston, and this place in New York's Chinatown does a pretty good job in making Xiao Long Bao. As for other dishes, my friend got #139, which is the Pan Fried Noodles. He liked them, but I was not impressed. The noodles were bland and it was doused with a lot of sauce. I would not recommend ordering this dish if you really want a great Chinese dinner. The portion was generous, though. However, they do a good job with this noodle dish, and I would highly recommend this one. I got the #143, Ge Shi Chao Nian Gao, which is the Fried Rice Cake with pork. This is a rice noodle dish where the noodles are shaped like small and flat oval tablets, which look like cakes. It has some strips with pork, fried in a wok with spinach. I thought it was a tasty dish, with tender pork and soft and somewhat crisp fried rice noodles. This is a great choice to complement the Xiao Long Bao, and one dish is enough to feed a very hungry man for dinner. The service was not great, but somewhat effective. You may have to yell a little loud and clear if you know what to order. and the servers are not really friendly. A 15% service charge is added to your bill. This is probably the first restaurant I have been to in the USA that actually charges a service charge no matter how large the group is. Since this place is really popular, and you have a group less than six, you may have to share a large table with people you don't know. This may not be a bad thing. Overall, if you really want some Xiao Long Bao, this is a great choice as long as you are willing to wait for a table and you are willing to deal with not great service. I would not say that it is a place that you really have to go to according to the guides, but it is a great choice for some Xiao Long Bao and some Shanghai-style Fried Rice Cakes. Is this the best place for Xiao Long Bao in New York's Chinatown? Possibly. Is the Xiao Long Bao on par with Shanghai's or Hong Kong's Xiao Long Bao? Probably not, but this place is pretty good and worthwhile to go.
The scallion pancake was amazing! It was perfectly crunchy with the right amount of soft consistency in the middle. The dumplings speak for themselves.
A complete tourist trap in Chinatown.  Would definitely never go to again.  To start off I found the staff to be rather pushy and not hospitable at all.  Instead of feeling welcome here, I felt like my group was being rushed in and out as soon as possible.  Next, the food is completely lackluster and just doesn't taste that good.  I had the tofu, shrimp, and diced pork.  It was supposed to be spicy --- it wasn't in any way, shape, or form.   Instead it was completely bland and boring.... and for some reason it had peas in it.   I really don't understand that.The signature dish here is the soup filled dumplings ... these are ok ... but I can't imagine any reason to justify sitting outside in a line waiting to get inside to have some.  At the end of the day, I would rather just have a normal bowl of Chinese soup with dumplings on the side.  You can find soup and good dumplings at a million other restaurants in chinatown.  Having the broth inside the dumpling loses its allure rather quickly. Finally - they don't take credit cards and they automatically add the tip into your bill.  Neither scenario are ones that I appreciate.  Keep both in mind please when ordering.If you want really good Chinese food, I would highly recommend walking around the corner from here and checking out the Hop Shing located at 9 Chatham Square.   There you will find real Chinese food --- the way the Chinese like it.  (For what its worth -- the majority of people at Joe's Shanghai were not Chinese -- the majority at Hop Shing always are -- that should tell you something)Waiting to get into this Joe's Shanghai just makes no sense to me.  I will not be back.
Went to Joe's for the first time on a Sunday evening and was absolutely blown away. We came with a group of 7 without a reservation, so for future reference make sure your whole party is there before you try to be seated. The hostess, staff, etc. can seem a little aggressive but pretty accommodating, and they were able to seat us within half an hour or so. It's pretty busy, and they really try to get you in and out, so have a general idea of what you're ordering before they come to you. Even though it's a little overwhelming this is THE place to go in Chinatown, so it's a must.If nothing else, get the soup dumplings. Also, know how to eat them so go with someone who does. They are absolutely incredible - we got an order of the crab dumplings and an order of the pork. In total we got 3 orders for our party, which was more than enough. We also ordered sesame chicken and beef with string beans. The whole thing was super cheap - $9 per person for all of that. And it's CASH ONLY so make sure you know that before getting there. I will definitely be returning.
The best soup dumplings in town!!! I only gave four stars because the line can be really long. And recently, the service was bad. The waiter was very rude and impatient although we were as prompt as possible when ordering.
Very fast service all throughout the dining experience and the wait was not that long. The pork soup dumplings were quite a lovely experience to eat. Yum. Remember this place is CASH ONLY!
This little piece of gem had been recommended by my cousin, so when we finally made it to New York, all the way from Australia, and I wanted some amazing Shanghai Dumplings/Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings) and visit Chinatown I couldn't go pass this. We knew there will be a line, but luckily at 3pm it was only a 30-45minute wait. The staff are efficient, but don't expect much of a service other than "you want soup dumpling, how many?.. wahh you want more time..umm..ok.. you order now?". This is also a place to share a meal with other tourists/americans/new yorkers, don't expect a table of your own if you are a a group of 2.. but it makes for great conversation and you get to meet interesting people (obviously not for the antisocial introverts..). As to the dumplings themselves. Pork or crab.. uh duh both and there are 8 of them... we consumed 3x8 .The Xiao Long Bao are amazing. It wasn't dry, the skin wasn't thick (thank god!),  nor was there too much flour, and the filling,  the meat wasn't dried out and the soup was delicious and flavourful holds more than just a mouthful (and it was still there!) Beware though it's hot so don't just shove the first one straight in .. if you did expect to burn a little. IT WAS THE BEST XIAO LONG BAO I HAVE EVER HAD. SO damn good.Apart from the Xiao Long Bao, we got the pan-fried pork dumplings, and although they were a little oily, it was crunchy on the outside and the stuffing was plenty and the skin thin. It was probably one of the better pan fried dumplings i've had. As for the rest of the menu? we didn't have it but the people we shared our table did and it was pretty meh and seemed rather oily. I recommend sticking to the dumplings nad getting heaps of it. because even for the 3 trays of 8 dumplings (24 in total) we wanted more.  Is it worth the wait? UNDENIABLY WORTH IT!
I will literally travel halfway across the country for these Pork Soup Dumplings. I lived in Shanghai for a few months last year, and I can honestly say that the soup dumplings here are even better than many places in Shanghai. The other Chinese dishes here are pretty good as well. They're usually pretty packed, so don't expect stellar service. Honestly, it's pretty sufficient for a busy restaurant.
Good XLB (soup dumplings) with lots of soup and flavors. Not overly sweet like most places but be ready for a long wait and share table with strangers. Packed and loud like most Chinese places. Good for the price but a little over rated in my opinion.
Great food, exact same owner and menu as down the block except less crowded. Food is usually good but I have to give them 4 stars because the staff isn't attentive enough.
I go here for soup dumplings and rice cakes (pasta). Joe's soup dumplings are some of the best, in my top 3. Other great dishes are the rice cakes, fried quails (which taste lie an epic wing), fried pork chops, and there Peking duck is ok (I wouldn't go here for Peking duck, go to Amazing 66 instead)
Joe's Shanghai is my least favorite Shanghainese place. It's hype doesn't help either. It attracts a lot of tourists, and a lot of people who do not know what is GOOD Shanghainese cuisine. My father lived in Shanghai for many years for business purposes, and he is also not a fan. The soup dumplings are not soupy, and the dough are too thick. Why do the dumplings break even with such a thick dough btw? I highly suggest for people to spend a few more minutes on yelp, or tripadvisor and potentially look for a better restaurant to try minus the hype.
I wonder why Joe's Shanghai is considered as a tourist spot. The food seemed decent to me and there was nothing special about the restaurant itself. The day I went, it was lunchtime, and my Chinese lawyer friends who work in Chinatown decided to take me here since I was a tourist. They admitted it wasn't the best in NY, but I was game just to see what it was all about.The walk to Joe's was right through Chinatown. As I was following my friends, I just kept getting distracted by all the shops. It looked like they all sell the same stuff just like they do in Asia. When we finally got to Joe's Shanghai it was around 3PM and there wasn't a wait. We got seated right away at a large round table later to be joined by other patrons whom we didn't know. Since this was just a late afternoon snack, we just got a couple orders of the soup dumplings.Now, this wasn't my first time trying soup dumplings. Luckily for me, the first time I went my friend told me exactly how to eat them. Pick one up with your chopsticks and put it in your spoon. Poke a hole so the broth comes out. Blow, slurp, and chew. If it weren't for his step by step instruction, I'm sure I would've severely burned my mouth off because those suckers are scalding hot!Joe's soup dumplings were nothing to brag about. They had good flavor, but I could tell the broth was extra fatty, and the health conscious freak inside me was freaking out about it. I think I preferred the soup dumplings at Din Tai Fung better, but theirs are just extremely overpriced.
I could eat their dumplings everyday and not get sick of them. They are pure deliciousness. The noodles and pancakes are also worth ordering.
AMAZING! My brother and I arrived around 11:30 am and we had to wait almost an hour to get in but it was completely worth it. We tried the pork soup dumplings.. they are huge! and we also ordered some sesame chicken.. everything was delicious, the pork buns are really savory and the soy sauce gives them a really nice flavour. FYI: you have to go inside the place and talk to the cashier to get a ticket number so they can call yours when your table is ready.
Delicious as always! Soup dumplings or xiaolongbao are always the way to go! Our neighbors had a dish I hadn't seen on the menu that we decided to try which was amazing. Ask for beef or pork rice cakes. My only complaints are they really try to hussle you out and it's overpriced for Chinese food (they charge for the rice). We split around three dishes for three people and it came out to $21 each. The fact that they carry Tsingdao makes up for it. Oooo also make sure to order the eggplant (qiezi). Mmmmm
Absolutely amazing! Been to NYC 3 times and to Joe's Shanghai a total of 5 times! The dumplings are a must! The general chicken is amazing and the pieces of meat do not disappoint!
Still the best XLB.  We try to stop here whenever we are in NYC, just for their dumplings.  Worth the cholesterol spike!
Let's start with the obvious: The Xiao Long Bao is tasty and worth the wait if you love dumplings. They are soup dumplings, do not burn your body with them. Luckily I had a good 30+ minutes to look at the proper way to eat them in some of the reviews on the outside wall before going in. A few more obvious things if you've read anything about Joe's: You need to go inside to get a ticket and then wait for the host to call your number. She was pretty correct about the wait time. We got lucky and got our own little table, but most everyone is seated with strangers. I'm not sure I would have felt as good about it if I hadn't gotten lucky. If you are sort of a stick in the mud , I don't think you'll be happy with this place. You have to be a little flexible to get to the delicious food. I would come back in a heartbeat though!
My family and I used to come to this restaurant all the time when I was young (about a decade ago or so), but it seems the chef has changed since then and the food isn't as great as I remember it being. Nowadays, my go-to restaurant for superb Shanghainese food is Nan Xiang Dumpling House in Flushing. Still, this branch of Joe's Shanghai is decent. The one in Flushing is abysmal and the one in midtown (apparently one exists?) seems to have even worse reviews if that's possible. This branch, however, is still decent. Dishes I would recommend include:1) Shanghai style fried noodles (it should be the first dish under the noodles section)2) Scallion pancakes -- They make fantastic scallion pancakes. This is the one dish at this restaurant that I absolutely love. They fry the pancakes perfectly and they provide a delicious sweet and savory sauce.3) Eggplant and garlic dish -- I'm not a fan of eggplant but almost everyone I know loves this dish so I'm fairly confident in recommending it.So yes, all in all, this is a decent place for a cheap-ish bite. Not phenomenal but decent.Food: 3/5 -- good, but used to be betterService: 2/5 -- attentive but no frills and the staff do not speak English wellAtmosphere: 3/5 -- decent; nothing remarkable but not terrible either, though it is usually always crowdedOverall: 3/5 -- good
Okay...maybe I was expecting more but honestly if I tell you PF Chang... Yes the chain restaurant... Has fresher spring rolls, you know where I am going with this! Spring rolls were greasy little things, not very fresh. Pass. I live in MKE and gotta say our local Stone Bowel makes a better dumpling and that isn't saying much. They were ok, not great. Pork soup with soft noodle. Seriously buy some ramen at your local grocery store throw some stringy meat in in and call it soup. I love ramen but can buy this for 59 cents at Pick n Save. Super crowed with locals and tourist mixed. Wasn't horrible but I wouldn't go again. Derive is pretty bad also. Couple at our table, maybe French were treated so poly and it wasn't a language barrier.
I think I've been spoiled by the Chinese food in the 626 that I thought these dumplings were just OK.My friend and I didn't have to wait long for a table, but it was interesting that we were seated with other parties at a family table of 10.  I didn't mind this too much and it probably helped them move customers in and out faster.We ordered the crab dumplings as well as the pork dumpling.  I preferred the pork over the crab dumplings.  We were pretty disappointed that more than half of our soup dumplings were already punctured in the tray.  I have no idea why they give you a metal tong to pick up the dumplings, when their skins are so fragile as is.  I think it's easier to use chopsticks to save any dumplings that still have soup left in them.
Sometimes it takes me a while to get on the bandwagon, and soup dumplings was where I was late to the game. Who knew that I could eat dumplings and soup together without having the dumpling sit in broth?When you are finally seated at your table, the waiter will come over and ask if you want crab, pork or both. Try them both, but eat them while they're still hot. The dumplings are fairly filling, but we felt as if we needed some more food and opted for the Shrimp Lo Mein. The Lo Mein tasted just like any other greasy fast food chinese place, but the dumplings were worth the wait.Coming to Joe's Shanghai is definitely an experience worth having. You will have the chance to share your table with strangers, some of which are pounding back their beers and others who claim to be foodies. Bottom line: If you're not getting the soup dumplings, don't bother
I don't get it, this place was terrible. The chicken was old, dry, and undercooked (pink). The soup dumplings were way too soupy to even pick up. Half of the dumplings were already punctured when they reached he table.The service was questionable even for Chinatown. In my option Joes Ginger is the better option for Shanghainese
Joe's Shanghai like the review said when you arrive at the restaurant there is a long line outside. Go inside and take a number. The girl said it would take a half an hour. It's worth the wait. You the sit at large round tables of about 12 people. Which can be both enjoyable or not. I enjoyed it. I split a soup with my daughter. Excellent. We drank tee. Then we shared a portion of soup dumplings. They were sensational, noodles filled with ground pork and soup. They should be gingerly taken out of the basket, placed on spoon and then bite into heaven. The remaining soup runs into the spoon. Then we shared a portion of green beans and beef. Fresh and not fried or greasy. We finished with orange slices. Sweet and juicy.
Joe's Shanghai was one of our must gos on our list while visiting New York. I must say, it was delicious and insanely affordable! We tried a few things (pork dumplings, crab dumplings, onion pancake, and potstickers). They are definitely generous with the portions here and we couldn't even finish all our food. Our favorite was definitely the pork soup dumplings. I would pass on the crab ones next time. Potstickers could be passed on as well.We had to share a table but that was totally find. I'd rather share a table then have the wait time be tripled. Our wait actually wasn't bad at all considering how popular this place is so the table splitting strategy works! Don't expect anything fancy either. This is a hole in the wall type of establishment where they take your order as soon as you get seated, bring out the food and you eat and pay. Don't sit around taking extra time to socialize and what not, there are other people waiting! I would recommend this place to others and will be back when we visit New York again!
Came here with family to sample some of the "best soup dumplings in the city." I was a little scared of the wait, but our 25 minutes quickly turned to 10 and we were seated at a table with another couple. We were just looking for a quick snack, so we ordered both the pork and crab meat soup dumplings as well as a dish of sautéed pea shoots.I had high standards for the soup dumplings because of its reputation and unfortunately, I was disappointed. To be honest, the dumplings didn't have too much flavor. The meat inside the dumplings was fairly plain tasting and didn't have as much spice as I expected. The soup was a little oily. Also, the crab dumplings had a more of a fishy flavor than a fresh seafood flavor. Other than the relatively cheap price, these soup dumplings weren't all the rage for me. The pea shoots were good, but honestly, it's hard to make them incorrectly. And for $13 for a dish, I thought it was insanely priced.If you're looking for a relaxing dining experience, this is not the place for you. First, if you are a smaller party, you will most likely be sitting at a table with another couple, which was the case for us. It was a little squished and to be honest, I almost grabbed some food from one of their dishes, mistaking it for ours. The wait staff there is fairly attentive, but to the point that your meal feels rushed. The constant hovering made me feel uncomfortable and made me feel like they wanted me out as fast as possible. I understand that you must try and accomodate numbers as much as possible but not at the expense of the customer experience.If you've never had soup dumplings before and want to say, "I've been to Joe's," then come. Otherwise, save your time and money and try another place.
Please don't misinterpret cultural differences with rudeness. This place is your standard Chinatown fare in terms of service, which is to say, different from what you may be used to. They are not trying to be rude, they just don't know any better... Sorry, had to rant about all the poor reviews this place gets because of the service...So other than the wait staff, the food is actually really good. Those soup dumplings are really delicious, as is the scallion pancake and the house flat noodles.  Will be back for more!
This spot is most definitely on point. Soup dumplings do not usually amaze me to any degree, but the ones at this place blew my mind. So soupy and delicious!Came during odd afternoon hours so we got seated right away, but the place was still rather packed. Can't imagine what it's like during peak hours. We also had the hot and sour soup which was good but didn't stand out (it hasn't anywhere for me it's just comforting) and some scallion cakes I think. The cakes were good too.
Dumplings: 5 starsService: 3 starsWe had a 40 minute wait, but shopped around for the first 25 minutes, so it wasn't bad at all. Also, we completely forgot that it was a cold and windy wait outside as soon as we took a bite into the shanghai dumplings. oh my god. it was good. First of all, $6.95 for a huge steamer of juicy, JUICY crab dumplings is a feel-good price already. Then we saw the pork dumplings are $4.95 and equally delicious, bf and I didn't stop praising the dumplings the whole time we were there! Note that the bf loooves his shanghai dumplings and we have been spoiled with some good dumplings before, but this tops everything we've ever had in the states! must go..again :pmy tip? don't get anything else besides the dumplings. we had a plate of stir-fried veggies and it was $13 :-(Edit: forgot to write about the service while I rave on about the JUICY SOUP DUMPLINGS... haha. Anyway, this is a chinese restaurant, remember the employees are there on long shifts in this loud environment where people come and go, put their names on the wait list and then disappear, so be patient as they coordinate and seat you. while we were there we saw a party of 7 get called inside 3 times, finally being seated the third time. They were in good spirit though, and as we were leaving, we exchanged satisfying smiles because everyone had a good meal. obviously don't come here expecting to be pampered by your waiter.
Amazing soup dumplings! Service is very quick and you sit family style. Great way to meet people and have a quick meal. Very inexpensive too.
Shanghai dumplings were great. This place gets packed from what I read but it wasn't bad at all mid afternoon.
Really Good food, served family style. I felt a little rushed eating though, but they were really busy!  I definitely will go back.I went back and had thier dumpling! Omg really good. My friend was like what do you eat when you come here...they are know for their dumpling? i told her had good everything else was! Staple to try if you want good food and dumplings!!!!
This restaurant was highly recommended by previous visitors and we were well advised!   We went mid afternoon, which I would recommend...about 2:30 pm -4:00 pm. No wait, seated with others at a community table which made for great chit chat.  We ordered the soup dumplings, fried rice and General Tso's chicken.   Very authentic, flavors very true and worthy of the praise.  They only take cash, no credit cards, so be prepared.   Pricing is reasonable, so that makes it easy.  The service is very rote, but friendly.
Crab and pork soup filled dumpling are so good. Definitely my fave Shanghai place to eat on New York :)
i love this place. it was surprisingly tasty and very afforadble. my group of 6 had 8 dishes for about 10$ a person. from the soup dumplings to the wonton soup to the other stuff haha. its nice to know all chinese places are basically set up the same. family style plating with plenty of seating. a rarity in ny. this place was quite deep into china town so be careful of shady people but the great part is you get to experience the town. def would come here again.
The soup dumplings are really great, and the prices are not bad.  Eight bucks with tax and tip gets you an amazing meal!
The food at this place tastes great. I've been going here for years, but it does have its flaws. It is crowded, dirty, and the ingredients are likely the polar opposite of certified organic. I've tried a lot of things here, but highly recommend the famous soup dumplings and the vegetable with bean curd.
Interesting place for dumplings. Unlike other places Around the area, this places takes aim time to be seated and get food orders. Seating consists of 2 or more parties at one table (sharing). It can be hit or miss depending one how much everyone orders. Dumplings are average but the crab meat dumpling is the highlight of this spot and never disappoints. Don't expect to go in and out as it takes a while. Food is good , space is small
Had heard so much about Joes Shanghai that it was an obvious stopover on our Dumpling Crawl on Christmas Day.We waited outside for over an hour.Even though we had a 4 year old who kept going over to the hostess asking if its number 28 yet, it didn't speed things up.They really keep it fair.For a change we didn't mind waiting because we had come prepared for the waiting and also we knew it was so going to be worth it.And it truly was.Once our number was called all heads turned to my squealing daughter who rushed inside and was escorted by the hostess to our table which was halfway seated by some really preppy Aussies.We ordered the Soup Dumplings with pork and crab right away and they informed us it would take around 15 minutes.Our company at the table didn't let the 15 minutes seem to long.Before we knew it our steaming dumplings had arrived.Now I am pesctarian by choice and the only time I choose to forget that is when I am having Ramen or the Soup Dumplings.These are seriously the best soup dumplings I have ever eaten.So much soup, so much flavor.We ordered three rounds of these and in the interim also ordered the sauteed greens which were delish and the seafood udon noodles which were a total disaster.No flavor in broth and under seasoned.We just picked out the seafood from the bowl and skipped the rest.Service is not bad at all for a chinese restaurant.Its fast and they want you out soooon.Its cash only which is a really bummer.I mean common, move on with times. But just for those plumpy soupy dumpies I can over look all your flaws.
As an Asian! I will say it just ok, pretty average! And place is a bit dirty. So I guess they know how to put money on Advertising. Maybe their food is more for the people who are not Asian
Went here today for a birthday lunch with coworkers and it was great for our group of 9.  It is great for groups and sharing with a lazy suzy.  We started with a bunch of their famous soup dumplings - both pork and crab.  We all liked the pork best. I have had better soup dumplings, the dumpling part is quite thick, but they were pretty good.  We also had the boiled wine chicken (I didn't care for this, acquired taste I suppose because others liked), meatballs (my favorite item - wonderfully flavorful over a bed of baby bok choy), spare ribs (these were OK), baby shrimp (very good), sautéed snow pea shoots (good).  Overall solid and good, but not amazing, food.
OMG the dumplings/rolls are to die for!! I had the pork ones and the taste and flavours are out of this world. Joe's is a small place in Chinatown so nothing fancy about it but the food is great. Also, their prices are beyond reasonable.
The hype this restaurant joys and the long wait outside are not reflective of the overall quality of the food. The dumplings were "good", not great. The duck was tasteless . Sesame noodles definitely had peanut butter added which is a no-no. Service was quite good. Best bet in Chinatown is to poke around and see where the locals are eating and avoid the touristy places such as this. We live in San Francisco and we follow our own advice!
Health Grade: AI've been here many times - mostly with friends/family who visit. I will admit, we never really order anything else besides for the soup dumplings, but they are definitely the reason I come back over and over. They're piping hot when you get them and delicious. I've had both the pork and crab, and they're both good.
Our meal at the Chinatown outpost of Joe's Shanghai was by no means a comfortable experience.  The wait was considerably long, the place was crowded, the smell of soy sauce and rice vinegar filled the air, and we were seated on a communal round table elbow-to-elbow with three other groups, all of us pretending not to be listening to each other's conversations.Few items are worth all the trouble.  Fortunately, Joe's Shanghai's Xiao Long Bao fits the bill - in both price and quality.   The Xiao Long Bao Joe's Shanghai were quite fantastic.  They're plump and very tasty and the skin was perfectly thin and chewy.  The soup was hot and soothing.  Apart from the dumplings, I'm not too crazy about their other entrees, though they were still all above average, and not overly saucy.  My suggestion?  Stick with the XLB (pork and crab are both good) and walk over to Rice to Riches for some grubbin rice pudding dessert.Also, service can be pretty frustrating.  It's not as bad as other people experienced and I think language difficulties may be perceived by others as being rude.  Regardless, you wont get the VIP treatment here, just good dumplings.  They only take cash and even add a mandatory 15% service charge, regardless of the size of your party or your order.
Such a small store for such popularity! Holler from Sunny San Diego!Pros:- Amazing Xiao Long Bao. The crab one and the other ones were amazing. GET THESE if you dont know what you're doing! You wont be disappointed!-Prices are okay. Not too expensive but not cheap either.Cons:- If you are in a small party and there's another small party at a big table. They will put you with them. Kind of randomly awkward (it worked out for us because they were nice and offered us some of their food).- Their Beef Noodle Soup was okay. Nothing special. I will come back if I'm ever back in NYC :)
Everyone swears that this is the best place for Shanghai soup dumplings and I couldn't agree anymore. I wouldn't go to any other Shanghai restaurant, just because this place has the greatest soup dumplings EVER. I mean that. The dumplings are full of flavor, and lots of soup. I usually order the crab meat soup dumplings which are $6.95, and the regular pork soup dumplings which is $4.95. For the soup noodles, I order the Shredded Pork with Pickled Cabbage. The best. The crab meat soup dumplings usually have a dried shrimp taste (in my opinion), that is which I love. How I usually eat the soup dumplings, I bite a little hole and drink the soup inside to absorb all the flavor and then dip it into the soy sauce-vinegar sauce that they give you. Eat the soup dumplings while they are hot, they only taste good this way. This place can get busy, and sometimes you have to share tables, but I don't mind. As long as I get my share of soup dumplings, I'm all for it.
The pork soup dumplings are completely worth the visit! Around 8pm on a weekday the wait was only 10 minutes. The restaurant was full but service was fast. Just as other reviews have shared the pork dumplings are juicy, fresh, and full of flavor! So delicious you almost want your own basket. After dumplings you can go around the corner to Chinatown Ice Cream Factory for fun and creamy ice cream.
Maaaaaaan, this place is so good for soupy dumplings.  Everything else is sub-par to me and I didn't care for it.  Had hot and sour soup and it was meh.  I give this place a 5 starer because the soupy dumps overshadowed everything else we ordered.  So much soup inside each one.  No leaks.  You can taste the crab in the filling.  Well flavored, well mannered soup dumplings.Price was great too.
Got to admit this was my first stop in New York and I loved it. Service is quick space is limited but it's New York so what can you expect. Good food soup dumplings are the best. The pork crab was amazing and it's huge.
Everything we had was delicious! The soup dumplings, orange chicken (my favorite), kung pao chicken, and beef and broccoli. After finding out about this place in China Town I will make sure I come back and visit every time I'm in New York!
The soup dumplings are the worst I've had as a frequent visitor to Dim Tai Fong. It's clearly reheated vs freshly cooked. Everything else is poorly cooked too. I ordered a fish dish and the whole body is missing - how do I eat a fish head and tail?!The ambience is just terrible, very loud and everything is greasy. If you are visiting NYC and Chinatown for the heck of it, please steer clear from this restaurant. Rest assured their waiters were not expecting you  to return the moment you walked in :)
So, came to Joe's Shanghai after many years, remembering tasty soup dumplings and having a craving after work.  Of course there was a wait, and of course there were tourists lined up outside, but we nevertheless put our names on the list.  To pass the thirty minutes, we walked around the vicinity to find a place to have a beer--an exercise in futility.  When we were finally seated, we made light conversation with our tablemates, who were enthusiastically scarfing down their meals.  We ordered pork soup dumplings and crab soup dumplings, crispy shredded beef, and seafood with rice cakes.  My friend said that for a Shanghainese place, they sure have a lot of Szechuan options.  The soup dumplings came out fresh and piping hot, but for some reason, the pork soup was bland to me.  The crab dumplings were pretty good, the soup was tastier than the pork, but all in all, the dumplings were a bit underwhelming.  And that is only because all the rave reviews set the bar a bit too high.  They were acceptable dumplings, but not stellar.  I have had more delicious soup dumplings at dim sum in the outer boroughs.The other two dishes were what you would expect from a take out joint.  They were pretty greasy, salty and lacking in protein.  The beef was dredged or battered, and fried, and then covered in a sticky, sweet sauce, similar to General Tso's style, which I avoid.  It was definitely junk food.  The seafood dish had a bit of seafood and was mostly rice cake.  I found the squid and shrimp pretty chewy, not very appetizing.I won't remark on the service as many before have noted that after you wait, you're rushed in, order right away and get the check as soon as you drop your chopsticks, but that's fine with me.  They also add their service charge to your bill so you won't have to do any math, although it's just the minimum for their "bare bones" service.If I were to return, which I don't believe I would, unless it were to the Flushing location, I would stick to the dumplings and perhaps steamed items.  But really, there are so many authentic, outstanding, no-wait places waiting to be tried that it seems silly to return.
Fast service, delish soup dumplings, pork and crabmeat recommended. The food is priced fairly and the workers are very helpful and friendly.
Pork (yes, u want the soup) dumplings, hot and sour soup, & pots of tea for two including tax and tip? under $15.  Being seated at a table with other random people sort of weirded me out at first (this is based on my companion's comment on the look on my face when we were seated.)  But then I realize they seat just about everyone like that. Good to know before hand though. The hot n sour soup was served family style in a giant bowl with shrimp and slices of chicken. Pretty good - super good value- its down a side street off canal
It is quite an experience that I feel lucky to have been able to witness.  The place has such a unique aspect to it, from the no reservations, long wait times, carpeted floors, and communal seating, it is definitely not something you experience on a regular basis.The service is extremely detached and unfriendly.  They serve one purpose, and that is to bring you food, nothing else.  You can easily sit and be finished with your meal in under an hour.  Living in NYC I already live a hectic lifestyle, so personally I enjoy the experience of dining out, almost as much as I enjoy the food itself.The food itself was 4-stars.  That kitchen cranks out so many orders that it lacks that same personalized feeling as previously mentioned.  Overall it was good, but with all the other factors to consider here, I am not sure that it was so good it would be worth a return trip.  I suggest you try it once to cross it off your NYC food list, but you will likely be tempted to make excuses to not go the next time someone suggests it.  Manhattan really has such great food establishments, you don't need to visit the same place twice unless you really wanted to, and this one hasn't made a comeback yet.
If you be nice to the waiter's and staff, they'll be just as nice to you.But, don't expect to have a good meal if you arrive at the restaurant the last hour before closing. They will try to get you seated asap, but they will also rush you to finish your food. Prices are not overwhelmingly expensive. This is a huge tourist attraction, especially during the weekends. Some dishes could use a little less oil. I wish they had more variety in their Soup Dumplings. For a table of 4, you shouldn't order more than 3 entrees on the menu because their portions are huge, unlike other places that give you large plates and portions smaller than your palm. Will always be back for more dumplings! :)
Best soup dumplings I have ever has in the city!!! We two ordered some sesame noodle, 2 box of soup dumplings, and we were so full that couldn't finish them all. Eventually it only cost us like less than 30 bucks! The cheapest(but super yummy) restaurant experience I have ever had in the city! Def will come back.
Soup dumplings = XLB.I don't know what all the hype is about.  Sure, lots of soup broth but the tip of each dumpling is chewy.  This place was on sis's bucket list of eats so we came.# 9 is the pork dumplings and #10 the crab ones.  Skip the crab ones.  Too seafood smell.We ordered three other dishes.  All were good but not great. I don't think I would come back.   We've got great XLB back home.
This place is great. Fair price. Bomb ass soup dumplings. Everyone on the street told us to come here and then we saw the ratings and reviews from Zagat and such. So glad we stopped here while we were in NYC
I read the reviews and saw the pictures but was not informed that I would be sharing a table with several complete strangers.  The food was fair and the service was very curt.  We ordered pork and crab dumplings that were fair honestly not as good as 101 Noodle Express in San Gabriel, CA.  Our second dish was the scallop pancake, which was good but rather small.  Pan fried rice cakes  with beef followed by black mushrooms with bamboo shoots rounded off our dining excursion.  The value was on point for the quality that was mediocre.  Please be mindful that they include tips on the bill so there is no need to provide gratuity.
Soup dumplings were good. Shanghai noodles were way too greasy, but they always are. Ugh the low reviews are because they charge a mandatory gratuity, doesn't matter how big your party is and the waitstaff are not pleasant. It's like they know they are getting tipped no matter what so why try to be a nice server.
My first visit here was with my family, several years ago, pre-yelp. A good friend of mine recommended it and we decided to try it.  The crab soup dumplings or XL Bao are absolutely out of this world.  We prefer the crab (minced crab mixed in with pork) over just the pork dumplings.  The broth inside is so juicy and flavorful while the outer layer is so tender.  I took my husband here during our recent trip and he was hooked.  We also ordered the braised pork and the snow pea shoots.  Both were good but the real stars here are the crab soup dumplings.  I've been to the other locations with my sisters but we prefer this original Chinatown location as the dumplings seem to be more flavorful here.  Every trip to NY in the past, present and future include a visit here.
One of the best authentic NYC Chinatown dining experiences you can get. Huge banquet style tables make this a fun place to go with a group of friends. Two words: SOUP DUMPLINGS!!
Fantastic Shu Mai dumplings! They have all of your favorite Chinese dishes. Servers are quick to take your order. Food was not crazy flavorful but still tasty. Great prices!
I'd like to open by saying that this place is definitely overrated. The fact I waited on line pretty late on a Wednesday night when Shanghai Cafe is literally blocks away was a little ridiculous...that being said....The scallion pancake is fantastic. Crunchy on the outside, delicate on the inside with a nice charred scallion flavor. As I've come to understand, the sauce to accompany is supposed to be a slightly sweet and salty ginger sauce. The sauce in general wasn't that tasty and didn't have any ginger. I could totally be wrong though. The soup dumplings...the dough is too thick, but magically, too tender at the same time. The only way to not loose the broth is to let them cool down quite a bit, but then the dough gets chewy. We all know how that goes. I would also venture to say that the entire filling and the broth is made from Pig's feet, which although is super delicious and unctuous, it's very funky and overpowering. You don't taste any of the other seasoning and it takes a ton of vinegar to balance the fattines, so you end up really overpowering any delicate flavors. Not bad, but there are better options in the area and definitely in Flushing. (Yes I know that's an hour away)
I know this place is really famous for their soup dumplings but honestly they were a little bit disappointing. Maybe it's cuz they were waay overly hyped but it was just not as good as I thought they would be. The dumpling skin is definitely too thick for my taste.The wait to get in is also horrendous. The only thing that saved the meal was the beef noodle soup. That was so so sooo good! But it was also a little lukewarm. If it was hot, ommgg it would've been perfect! Still craving it now T.T Overall tho, the experience was ehh...
Jackpot! Finally... A hyped up place that did not disappoint. Had 6:00 reservations with a dozen of my coworkers. We were seated immediately, with only half of us there, no questioned asked, no pressure or rush to get orders in while everyone else arrived. We ordered a ton of food. Really, it might have been an actual metric ton. Pork soup dumplings (5 orders) - I won't say they were the best soup dumplings I've ever had, but they sure were tasty. Nothing bad to say. Shrimp and meat dumplings (10 orders) - not overly fishy at all, nice and tasty. Fan of these too. Squid with veggies and jalapeños (2 orders) - really nice dish. Pleasant spice with big chunks of squid. Kung pao chicken - some of the best Kung pao I've had anywhere. Juicy and spicy and a little crispy. Minced sautéed squid and pork with jalapeño (2 orders) - love this. Mixed and chopped bits of deliciousness with some spice. Crispy pork chop wit salt and pepper (2 orders) - not really Szechuan, but not to say it wasn't really good. It's a fried pork chop, so be wary of the bones. String beans with Szechuan sauce - nice spicy and tasty string beans. If you really feel like you need something green, this is the way to go. Shanghai fried flat noodle (2 orders) - great noodle dish. Think of giant Lo mien noodles made of spongey pasta. Probably 50 Tsing Tao's. I can honestly say there was not a single dish I wouldn't recommend; everything was fantastic. Service was attentive and I never felt rushed to order or to leave. Best part... Total after tax and tip came to under $40 per person. Really just  a great experience over all, and I will be back!
There are tons of dumpling and xiao long bao places in Los Angeles and I never go to them back in California.. however, it was another story when vacationing in NYC. Usually dumpling places to me are pretty pricey, so I never opt to eat at one of those places.But Joe's Shanghai's prices are so good! I came here 3 times in a week... and ordered very similar things all three times.How to eat pork dumplings1) soup spoon in one hand and chopstick in another. carefully use your chopstick to tilt the dumpling upwards and slowly place spoon underneath - careful to not break it!2) pick up your dumpling from the top with your chopstick. while hovering over your spoon, bite a small hole onto the bottom of your dumpling. This allows the soup inside to flow into your soup spoon - the soup is really hot!3) enjoy your soup-less dumpling by dipping it into the soy sauce, or my fave, the hot chili oil.4) when finished with the dumpling, drink the cooled soup! :)YAY!
Without a doubt one of the best Chinese restaurants in the city. The service is subpar to say the least. and they do not except a card as a payment. Ended up having to walk two blocks down the road to get cash but the food was good enough to give them a bit of a break on that.
Very tasty dim sum. I loved everything including all the food but the only thing is that the service could be a little slow when it's busy. Other then that I love xiao bao cause it just reminds you of home. I will be back when family comes to visit.
Waited an hour and I'll do it again any day! The food is incredibly good, we are still taking about it....5 months later! You'll wait and once your in, things go very fast. This will be the BEST food you've had in a while and it's well worth the wait. Don't go if you want ambiance and and a long meal,  go if you want fast, amazing, authentic food.
Food quality is not as good as it was before. Dumplings are stuck to each other , so they break apart easily.  Wonton soup is too salty and the wrapper is too thick. It was a very good restaurant with the best dumplings in town, but too bad that it is not the same anymore.
All I've ever had here are the soup dumplings, but they are the real deal. Always a favorite.
This place was good, but considering the fact that my dinner slots were limited to my trip to New York, I didn't think it was exceptionally great. To me, it just felt like any other decent Chinese restaurant that we can find in almost any well populated city. The Shanghai dumplings were in fact, pretty good, with lots of juiciness inside and a more of a salty flavor. In comparison to Din Tai Fung in Seattle, I would have been able to wait to eat at DTF and feel just as satisfied (or yet, more satisfied). This restaurant is your typical china town restaurant- busy, not much of an ambience, and the hustle and bustle of waiters. If you are compelled to try this place, I wouldn't say don't go, but there are SO many delicious foods in New York to try, I would probably go elsewhere and give this place a whirl if you are in the area.
I had Joe's delivered twice. The first time I really enjoyed the food - I ordered an arrangement of things, from rice, dumplings, veges, roasted duck, beef and vegetables.The second time I ordered the braised duck and it was boney and fairly unedible.So I would have said the first time was a 4/5, and the second time 2/5 - so I have given it a 3 today.I have not eaten at the actual restaurant so I cannot comment on the service.
We went there Tuesday afternoon and did not have to wait at all. The waiters were really nice, and everything was really cheap. Had pork soup dumplings and scallion pancakes which totaled up to 13.75 including tax and tip. Amazing restaurant!
The soup dumplings, scallion pancake, general Taos chicken are delicious and a MUST when you visit this restaurant. You may have to wait to be seated, but it is well worth the wait!!
This place is the mecca of pork soup dumplings. Came to this place twice during our recent NYC trip.  These dumplings have plenty of soup in each one, so care needs to be had when enjoying these.Don't expect great decor or friendly service. Cash only...so be prepared.
Always packed but worth the wait. Mouth watering soup dumplings are too delicious for words. The combo crab and pork is my ultimate favorite. I have tried other dishes as well and they are also tasty!
Big lines, big bluster; not so hot.Drawn to Joe's by virtue of it's renowned XLB, was willing to stand in line for an hour despite ample seating at nearby just-as-good Chinese joints.  Bad call.XLB came piping hot, but dumpling skins were thicker here, and overall larger than their Din Tai Fung (and even Boston's Gourmet Dumpling House) counterparts.  Pork dumpling was certainly better than the pork/crab - as it is everywhere.  While okay hot, dumplings were nearly inedible when they cooled.Other food is forgettable.  Crispy fried whole bass came with a sweet and sour spicy sauce.  Who puts sweet sauce on fish?  Fortunately, fish smelled fresh, and was otherwise a reasonable adventure.There are better places for tourist food.  Go there instead.
Worth the Long Wait Outside!! Amazing Dumplings.. Shanghai rice was so good!  So much fun!
Only worth it if you are here for soup dumplings. As everyone else already said, they're really good - definitely one of the best that I've had in the states. The other food is just average and what you would find at any standard Chinese restaurant so it's not really worth mentioning. I came here twice and didn't have to wait both times during dinner, but once I did get seated at one of the big tables for big parties and shared it with two other parties. The place is pretty cramped though so be prepared to squeeze and get comfortable with your eating neighbors.
This is a great place for tourists to get the "Chinatown experience": the service is sloppy and brusque, the atmosphere is nil, the food is reliably good, the price is right. If you live in NYC and want xiao long bao, then Nan Xiang (yelp.com/biz/nan-xiang-d…) is a better bet. The soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai were good, but there are lots of obvious tourist concessions. For example, what should have been a mix of black vinegar and julienned ginger to accompany the dumplings was instead shockingly mild and sweet, with no heavy, vinegary tartness. I guess they think tourists will soak their dumplings in sauce and then be turned off by what should be an abrasive flavor. Also, this location uses shredded cabbage to line the steam baskets, presumably because xiao long bao newbies may rip the dumpling skins when plucking them from atop whole cabbage leaves. Convenient, but this meant that there were unnecessary cabbage bits on the underside of my dumpling. Blah!The crab soup dumplings are very starkly crab-flavored, more than most other xiao long bao establishments. The rest of the food I've tried here is decent and filling: the cold noodles are nicely coated in soy and sesame paste with barely a hint of vegetable, and curiously tossed tableside. The jellyfish is nice and crisp. The scallion pancake is fresh, flavorful, and not too greasy. Despite the adjustments made for those new to xiao long bao, the food here in general is better than at the Joe's Shanghai location in Flushing (yelp.com/biz/joes-shangh…), which verges on too greasy.If you come in a group of fewer than 6, you're probably going to be sharing a table with another party. This kind of sucks when there is a lazy susan in the middle of the table and less considerate dinner partners will spin your food away from you. Qian W's review is totally accurate re: the way they "served" the dishes. These guys may secretly be cornhole champs. Most impressive was that when clearing baskets to make room, and there was one dumpling left, they grabbed the tongs, speared the poor dumpling, and hurled crudely it into another basket - all without tearing the skin of the dumpling. Dang.
This is my go to spot for soup dumplings. They have two varieties, crabmeat with pork or just pork.  Honestly, I don't see much difference in the crabmeat version, so why pay more?  I just stick with the pork dumplings.  If I'm hungry or with big group of friends, I'd go for the shanghai noodles as well, but often that's greasy, but tasty.  Aside from the dumplings, I'm not too impressed with their other food items.
Let me preface that I am a pescatarian. That isn't the best fit for Chinese food. Especially a place that is authentic and specializes in soup which I doubt has a vegetarian base. (Never have visited China, I *think* this place is pretty authentic, but I can't say for 100% certainty.) Oh, and Joe's ONLY TAKES CASH. So come prepared.Anyway, I get nervous eating at Chinese restaurants that aren't Americanized because I don't know what has pork or beef in it, even if its under the "Vegetables" section. So, my sis and I were in Chinatown and found Joe's Shanghai on Yelp and thought we'd give it a try. It was the middle of a weekday at lunch, so there was no wait to get in.I ordered the Vegetable Pan Fried Noodles and she got the Pork Mu Shu. We sat at a round table with other guests and made good friends with the guy sitting next to us. My sis shared her Mu Shu with him, and she had some of his Kung Pao Chicken. They both loved their meals. Me? Not so much. The Noodles were sooooo greasy. When I bit into the noodles, I could feel the grease coating my mouth. The sauce was unbelievably greasy as well, and left this shimmering film all over the bottom of the plate.  The tofu in the dish was firm tofu but it wasn't cooked enough, so it had a crumbly texture rather than the soft insides that a well-cooked tofu should have.  My sis went to use the restroom...I didn't dare. She came back and said I should stay away. I didn't ask for details, and didn't care to experience that horror show.   I was not a fan of Joe's...but because my sis liked it and our new friend next to us liked it as well, I'm giving it 2 stars vs. just the 1 star I would have based on my meal.
Sorry din tai fung, I've replaced you with Joe's Shanghai. I fell in love with the pork soup dumplings (XLB) here. You get 8 big and juicy dumplings for $6 which is a price that you can't get elsewhere. My boyfriend and I shared 3 orders and finished it feeling satisfied. Tons of flavor with authenticity.  Be advised that you may share a table with a different party if you have space available.
We only ordered soup dumplings. ONLY soup dumplings. Plus fried scallion pan cake. The soup dumplings here is good. I like the crab meat soup dumplings better than regular pork soup dumplings. The crab has more flavor and tastes much better. The regular pork soup dumplings tastes too oily. Overall, this is a good place to go.
Sat down very quickly, and waiter was attentive. I order the pork dumplings (8 for $6!) great choice. The egg roll was kind of pathetic to be honest. Friends got the soup dumplings and enjoyed.Honestly, great food for a great deal. Would come back!
We ordered the following:Soup dumplings 5/5Fried rice 5/5Sesame chicken and broccoli 2/5The dumplings are the best anywhere. The sesame chicken and broccoli (cold and partially cooked) were a letdown. Fun atmosphere, definitely worth a visit.
This is my second time here.  The first time I came here, it was my first time trying soup dumplings.  I loved it and thought it was the best thing in the world.  Warm broth, great flavors, wonton wrapping wasn't thick to where it was chewy but wasn't too thin to where it ripped easily.  It was just riiiiigghhttt. Then I went come (DMV) and went on a hunt to find something similar and I run into Bob's Shanghai ( I swear, Joe and Bob are related). Their soup dumplings were about the same except I think Bob's broth is a little more salty or concentrated where Joe's broth was a little more diluted. I come back to Joe's to get my second dose of soup dumplings and it was not as "Wowwie" as my first time.  Amazing as always but not worth the 4 hours if I have Bob's right next to me at home. Conclusion: Great place to lose your soup dumpling virginity but not worth the trip for the craving if you live in the DMV area.  Don't get me wrong though, the food is always warm, fast and delicious.  My friends loved their pork fried dumplings and sesame noodles.  The egg roll/spring roll was a joke, however. Also, the soup dumplings here, you get more bang for your buck.  8 dumplings in one order ($5.98).  You get I think 6 at Bob's ( I could be wrong). WHO DOESN'T LOVE CHEAP DELICIOUS FOOD?!
Eh, I mean I like soup dumplings and the place is close. I find the place just 'too cool for school.' The staff doesn't seem to care- even for an Asian place because their wall of fame seems to make them think they're fireproof. The pork and crab dumplings are good, but I've definitely had better-just not in Manhattan, but it's worth the trek out to Flushing if you really want XLB.
First time in New York and my friends brought me to the best Chinese food in town. The soup dumpling was redonculously good, chicken cucumber dish different but very tasty. Portions are totally sharing.  We got lucky and walked right in to a table. I can't wait to eat here again
The wait might be long but so worth it! I have only tried Xiao Long Bao a few times at Din Tai Fung in Bellevue, WA but I personally think Joe's Shanghai is a lot better in terms of price and portion size.My group of 5 split 3 orders of the juicy pork and 2 orders of the crab xiao long baos.  The crab was good but the juicy pork was definitely the favorite of our group.  We also split an order of beef in oyster sauce that was unimpressive.  If anything, just stick to ordering xiao long baos.A few things to keep in mind:* You will not get seated until your entire party is present at the restaurant.* Your party may have to share a table with other strangers (no biggie for me)* Cash only.
We waited two hours and the food was just ok.I can't write too much about it, except I was mildly unamused. I don't know what the hype is. The xlb is huge and good, but is it worth the wait?! Not in my opinion. Everything else was good too, but nothing to write home about.So crowded and we sat with another couple. We took so long to eat, we ate with another couple.Not bad if you can get seated ASAP.
Stopped by for dinner while in the City...love the XLB (Xiao long Bao).  They are some of the best I've had.  Their rice cakes with pork and vegetables was very good as well.  Stop by if you are in the mood for good Chinese food but be ready to wait in line.
I've been coming to this Joe's for I can't believe it 18 years I was part of the brave crew that discovered this place and I have brought countless people here. Well today was my last visit. After dutifully waiting an hour longest wait ever I walked up to the door hostess and she the wait would be 45 more minutes unless I pay $20. Ugh!!! I would have been happy to pay for a table when I got there before waiting, but now I've got a kid and a couple of seniors waiting isn't an option any longer so we needed to sit so I paid ten dollars got a table and had a very late lunch. But as a result will never return. And I will now share this story with the Hundred people I shared this place with.
Ok so the food is freaking good...prepare to wait at least 15 mins for this place and DO NOT expect five star service. This place is constantly flooded with people so the waitstaff are focused on getting people in and out. I don't think that's a bad thing at all tbh. Probably some of the best Chinese food I have had. We kept it quite simple with our orders and got the sesame chicken and Kung Pao chicken (we don't eat pork and the vast majority of items have pork). The food is darn good though! Fast service and straight to the point.
A friend took me there the other day to try the soup dumplings. Delicious! We ended up ordering another serving, we couldn't get enough! A must try while in NYC. Will be back.
I've had a good sampling of XLB (xiao long bao aka soup dumplings) in Chinatown and this place delivers tasty ones.  They have a good broth, don't break too easily (but aren't too doughy) and pack some porky flavor.  However, this place is a one trick pony.  Everything else on the menu doesn't wow--it's average at best and is very "Americanized" (greasy, food court type, overly sauced).  Don't think it's worth the long wait, but it is a fun experience.  By the way, while you are waiting there is a great bar around the corner called Apotheke--check it out!
I don't understand all these raving reviews?!! I decided to give this place a try due to all the reviews and I happened to be in the area.  First, I took off my jacket and before I got to sit down at the table, the waiter asked me if I was ready to order!  I told him that I just got here and he said "well, you better hurry, because take long time." Wth?!I ordered the shrimp dumplings - horrible. It tasted like pork and imitation seafood crap! I also ordered the scallion pancakes - terrible!  I make much better scallion pancakes!  They were greasy and overcooked.I get my change back for my bill and I literally had it for less than a minute and the waiter took it while I was figuring out the tip!  I told him I was not ready and asked for it back. HORRIBLE, horrible service and the food was terrible!  I've had 10X better Chinese food at a take out!  I will definitely not be coming back.                            Also, if the majority of the patrons are not Asian in a crowded Asian restaurant, rule of thumb - it typically isn't good.
Pros - GREAT food in an authentic China-town restaurant!!  Service was very fast and prompt! Five stars for these aspects!Cons (and what prompted me to give 3 stars) - it was SO cold! I understand cool temps are better than warm temps. But, almost every diner had her/his coat on while eating (so it wasn't just us) and almost every table has some or all seats right below vents blowing cool air. So, that was a big drawback. It's not a deal-breaker, though....it was our 3rd time there and we'll return for more delicious food :)
I have stopped by this place everytime I've went to NYC. On our first visit, the xiao long bao was so good, we literally went back three times in one wk. This past visit to the big apple, we stopped in again before our flight back. The place is quite small and there is almost always a wait for a table. Last time we had a party of three and ended up sharing a table, so don't be intimidated by sharing a table and eating across strangers! (Yes, you can hear their conversations, but that's the fun in it right?) We got 2 orders of the pork soup dumplings. Be careful, don't eat it right away or be burned by the scorching hot soup from inside the dumpling! Dip it in some of the vinegar sauce and you'll be hooked. I've had my share of soup dumplings, even in some of the acclaimed "best soup dumpling" places around the world, and I still like this place's dumplings the best. The skin is not thick, but rather, perfectly thin and holds the soup (won't break compared to a lot of other places) so you can get the whole flavor in one bite. It's full of flavor and consistency. I've recommended it to everyone who makes a trip to NYC, and everyone has liked it. I'll be back on my next trip there, no doubt!
The food was really good. We waited for about 10 minutes. Not to bad, then again it was a really hot day. But the only plus that matters is the food was very good. We had a few of the common dishes. All very good. We spoke to a some of the people as the exited while we waited, all had good things to say. I should mention that they sit 9-10 people at every tables; therefore, we sat with 6 strangers. We didn't talk because place was very loud. We will definitely go to this place again.
Planning my trip to NYC, everyone's suggestion was to try Joe's Shanghai. My friend and I went on a Saturday and this place was packed. We got there around 12ish and didn't get seated till almost 1pm for two people. This place is small and cramped. When our number finally got called we had to wait another 8 minute to get sat. The way they seat people is also very interesting. A group can be sat together with other parties at a round table. Fortunately, my friend and I got our own table right next to the "drink bar". It was not the best location and very cramped. We were so close to the table next to us, that we felt we were eating with them. The worst part about our table, was that we could see how they handled the drinks and noticed they aren't very clean. Btw, they did have a letter "B" in their window. We ignored it due to the many recommendation. The staff worked like a machine. They just turned tables over and over. It was a typical Chinese restaurant where they did not communicate well and just in a rush. We ordered the typical Pork soup dumpling and I then learned why it was such a popular suggestion. They are pretty big and very soupy. The wrapper was was soft and the soup just the right amount of flavor. My favorite part of eating the soup dumpling was the dipping sauce. It brought the flavor to a new level with a little bit of tart and sourness. Along with the dumplings we order salt and pepper pork chops. For two people we were full after eating the dumplings and the portions for the pork chops was a lot. The pork chop was okay for me. I have better. It was a little on the saltier side and the breading wasn't crispy enough for me. The dipping sauce they provide is sweet and sour sauce. I preferred dipping it in the soy/vinegar sauce that they use for the dumpling. We ordered two portions of rice. If you are not a big rice eater, one portion is way more than enough for two people. After this experience, I don't really know if I will be back. If i do decide to come back, it will probably be for take out and only the soup dumplings. It is definitely an experience. The pricing were also reasonable since it is family style.
Being half Shanghainese, I have high expectations for XLB. Before going to Joe's Shanghai, a lot of people hyped it up for me but it did not meet my expectations.There was a long wait and the restaurant was really cramped. I went with a friend and we were seated at a big table with strangers. The table was not big enough for the number of people that were seated at the table. I ordered XLB, the double cooked pork, and fried rice cake with chicken. The XLB wrapper was not thin enough. The XLB was too juicy. It was almost as if they purposely inject the broth in the XLB rather it being the natural broth that comes from the meat. The perfect XLB needs to have the perfect thickness of the wrapper and the perfect flavor of the meat filling. I prefer Din Tai Fung's XLB and some of the Shanghainese restaurants that I have tried in LA. Another dish that I ordered was the double cooked pork. It  was really flavorful and delicious. However, the portion was rather small and it was filled with mostly cabbage rather than meat. The fried rice cake with chicken is also good but my dad does a better job at making this dish. The service is also not that great. The servers try to rush you to order and through your meal. If I do come here next time, I would rather order to-go.
Being from San Francisco and having a lot of Asian joints, I was a bit skeptical of all the rave about Joe's Shanghai.. But boy was all the hype correct! The xiao long bao is quite possibly the best I've ever had. It definitely doesn't win as the prom king or queen as it came out looking pretty ugly and dry(as you can see in my photos) but when you sink your teeth into that ball of juicy xiao long bao all that cosmetic dissonance goes away. You don't care how crappy the xiao long bao looks but how may are left until you have to order a new batch! The pan fried dumplings also came out looking ugly but ended up being a absolute jewel. The skin is thin and the inside was also juicy and flavorful. Despite the overly oily appearance of the pan fried dumplings, it actually didn't feel or taste that oily. It tasted of a good balance between healthy and delicious because we all know delicious food is usually bad for you. :(The wonton was a great great disappointment. This one, unlike the others, looked good from the outside but failed to deliver in the flavor and taste department. All in all, the looks of Joe's isn't the best but by the time you try the food there.. Nothing matters. The prices are fair and the food is great! If I come back to NYC I would definitely come again! Sad I couldn't go a second time before I left.
noodles are GROSS. Only dumplings are ok.. I'd never come back here . :( Bad service. This place is all about the hype. Customers are all tourists (who only depend on Yelp reviews) .I'd not recommend this place to anyone.
Pros:Great Chinese foodpork fried dumplingsCons: Small portions for priceSodas are served in cansTea was coldDinning plates were the size of tea plates
Honestly, the soup dumplings are good, but I know two other spots just as good for cheaper and better service. Highly rude and rush you out practically the moment you get your food. As much as I hate to admit,  but there is also an air of racism as everytime I go, I have noticed my party gets consistently better attention if there is an Asian person in my party (they do not even specifically have to be Chinese, or of Chinese descent). I will recommend only if you are into the idea of getting really quick food and don't mind the hustle. Otherwise, there are many better spots in Chinatown to spend your time and money.
Had my first taste of soup dumplings at this place, and I've been back several times since. Both the crab and pork dumplings are great. The crab ones have a very strong crab taste though, so I wouldn't recommend it for those who aren't big fans of crab. The scallion pancake was a little too oily for my taste. The string beans were flavorful, and the portion size was generous. Service can be a bit brisk and hectic, and the tables are shared. There can be long waits, but seating for two isn't too hard to get.
Over hyped. Average at best. The only good thing was the soup dumplings. Scallion pancakes were looking more like fried pancakes. Waiting staff was slow and extremely un courteous. I fail to understand the 4 star plus rating.
Of all the food I've tried in New York, this place has got to be my favorite !!!My friends and I were lucky when we came here because there was no wait! This place kind of smells funky though. I think it's the vinegar they put on every table. Of course we had to get the soup dumplings ! We ordered 2 orders of the crab and pork mix dumplings, crispy beef, and shanghai noodles.I felt like I was in heaven when I tasted the soup dumpling for the first time. It was so good!!!!!!! The hot tasty soup burst in your mouth when you first bite into the dumpling. Oh man.... Salivating at the moment. The filling was so tasty and you can really taste the crab. I tried it with the vinegar but it was too overpowering. I just want to taste the goodness of the dumpling! Add some sate chili for a bit of kick. The crispy beef was well... Crispy. It was tasty. A lot of batter though, and it kind of tastes like orange chicken. Eat it with some steamed rice and you're set!The shanghai noodles was good and flavorful as well. Nothing too special about it though. If I ever get to come back here... I would order like 3 trays of soup dumplings for myself!!!!!
This is probably one of the must go places for me whenever I come to Chinatown. I have had many many many different soup dumplings in my life; yet, Joe's still made it to the top of my list. Especially, the crab meat soup dumplings! They shall never be missed. Seeing my boyfriends expression after taking big bites of the soup dumplings, I knew that NYC has got him hooked.
To be completely frank, I've had better soup dumplings and scallion pancakes (in China), but that's not exactly a fair comparison and this side of the big pond, Joe's Shanghai is pretty much as good as it gets. The waiting gets a little annoying though if you're a regular, simply because there aren't many peers in town.
I love soup dumplings! I personally enjoy these more than the Din Tai Fung ones in Taiwan, which is blasphemy for some, but these are just... more delicious. I think they are slightly greasier, but that's probably what makes them taste so good. Please make sure you have cash, since it's cash-only. We waited about 30 minutes on a Saturday night. I didn't love the lady barking out numbers angrily, but about 20 minutes into our wait she seemed to have a change of heart and started asking for all our numbers and asked us to be patient. Once we were seated, a waiter came by very quickly to get our soup dumpling orders, so that we could get them started while we decided on what other things to eat. We got one order per person: two pork ($4.95 each), one crab ($7.95), and it seemed like just the right amount. We also got a soup to start-- super reasonable at about $5-- and each got at least a bowl's worth out of it. To try to balance it out, we got stir-fried snow pea shoots, which were the most expensive at about $14, and another appetizer. Everything came out quickly and while the place was busy, I never felt rushed. Service is about what you expect at a Chinese restaurant, though I think the servers' English here is better than usual, probably because it's such a hot tourist spot.
If you want real deal soup dumplings go to Shanghai Asian Manor or Shanghai Prosperity Cafe. Joe Shanghai's has definitely fallen off the map a bit in terms of quality and definitely in terms of taste from being watered down by demand. The prices are also better at the above mentioned spots
Check your bill before you leave.We got the XLB ($5.95), Scallion Pancake ($2.95), Shanghai Fried Flat Noodle ($8.95) and seasonal veggies (market price), and somehow the bill with tax and tip was $39.33.  That means our seasonal veggies were $15 or somewhere there, or that these guys scammed us.  And they rushed us out, standing and staring at us until we left.  It was very stressful, and that's why we saw a total and put down $40, and they had the audacity to ask if we wanted change.  HELL yes, if you already put 15% on my bill, I should get my change.  You pretty much are asking if I'd like to tip more than 15% for your bad service.  They should automatically give me the changeBtw - the Shanghai Fried Flat Noodles weren't flat - they were udon-like.And some girls at our communal table put down short of 50 cents, and the waiter told them it wasn't enough.  Are you serious?  If you include tip, and tip is OPTIONAL, then they should be able to be short the 50 cents.I'm just so unhappy with this experience.  But a learning experience it was.I'll only be back for the XLB, lesson learned.
Best Xiao long bao I've had. The place is cash only like most Asian places. You share a table if you have a smaller group, but makes the wait faster. They had two types: Xiao Long Bao with crab meat pork, and Xiao Long Bao with only pork. I preferred the original, just because I was used to the texture and taste, but the crab meat pork xiao long bao was different, not in a good or bad way. We also ordered the beef noodle soup (quite bland, although the menu indicated it was "slightly spicy) but the beef itself was extremely tender and flavorful. The snow pea tips were cooked perfectly. Overall a pleasant meal, even when sharing a table with complete strangers. It was like a hibachi meal... but without the distractions from the awkwardness...
Came on a Monday afternoon and there was no line, perfect timing! Cause I heard the wait can get crazy here sometimes. The food was really yummy and the portions are huge. One order of something can probaby feed 3-4 people. However, it's a tad pricey for they type of food. I think the fact that they know they're so popular, they take advantage of the prices. But otherwise, I'd come here again.
I love the soup dumplings. Be warned though, they call their dumplings "buns." I came on a Saturday around 11:30am. The place is small and they've got some small tables and big tables. For my party of 3, we sat in a large table with other customers. Be warned though, they won't seat you unless your whole is there. My aunt got there first and they would not seat her until we arrived. My favorites are the shrimp and scallop casserole and pork buns. The dumplings there have soup in them and it is so tasty :) The casserole shrimp is not overdone and the scallops are so soft. Yum! Note: Bring Cash! The place is cash only.
Great soup dumplings but service was not. They kept rushing us and would pick up our food when we had one dumpling left on the plate and transferred it over to another plate so we could hurry up and finish after being there for all of 10 minutes.I understand that business is about making money and there were a lot of people outside but after waiting an hour in line and then to get my food, I would have liked just  LIIIIITTLE bit more time to enjoy my food. It's a very small place and it's hard to walk anywhere without bumping into anyone. This place would have gotten a 1 star from me for the customer service but I would hate to deter anyone away from trying their exquisite Xiao Long Bao.
Location: New YorkWent here on a vacation trip with friends. This place is located in the most random spot in China Town. Found it in an alley way. I suggest you bring cash, I think they don't accept card or there was a problem with the machine. I forget.This place was a busy Chinese shop with tables that can sit 8-10. Each table had a circular table that helped rotate the food. We got served with some tea from a ceramic kettle before we munched down on some of the best food New York had to offer.Place took orders like common dim sum places, with a score sheet to keep track of what we ordered. Service was pretty fast for the amount of food we ordered. Basically we ordered a feast for 10 which fed the 3 of us. Haha.We ordered the crab meat and pork meat steamed buns. So delicious and soft in texture yet the taste exploded in our mouth. We also ordered the soup dumplings of course, a must have if you're in New York. I have yet to try this in California, or have yet to find a place that serves something like this in California. Basically how you eat it is you take a bite of the top, drink the soup that is in the dumpling then devour the rest like Pacman. So delicious and it comes in a woven steam basket. We also ordered the typical salt n pepper wings or as many know "MSG Chicken." Very delicious and crispy. Definitely worth the trip here.
Joes shanghai is soup dumpling heaven. Everything else on the menu is not really worth mentioning but the dumplings make up for it. You should get the pork soup dumplings and maybe a noodle dish if you need a side of some sort. I've gotten the pork and crab soup dumplings a few times but the classic pork is where it's at. When the dumplings comes out, don't pop it all in your mouth like a fool. The soup will burst out and burn your mouth! Bite a tiny bit of the wrapping on the top to let the steam out and let it cool down first before eating the rest.
Well the wait is something to be desired for but I must admit the food is very good , the service is fast and very little spoken word . But none the less the food is awesome .
Soup dumplings were out of control.I think they automatically assume any non-regular/non-Chinese/English speaking person wants them, which is fine with me, because they knew my mother, brother and I were 1. not regulars, 2. not Chinese (because unlike you idiots, Asians can tell other Asians apart) and 3. speaking the English, and preemptively asked if we wanted soup dumplings before we even looked at the menu.  The waiter did not prompt the man next to us for dumplings, and instead waited until he made his own order in a Chinese dialect they shared.  They did ask the two teenage girls immediately.  I love their website's how-to for soup dumplings: To prevent burning one's mouth and to savor the dumpling, the preferred method of consumption is to bite off a little piece of the doughy wrapper, drip the broth to a spoon or suck the broth with a "slurp", then eat the rest. LOL. I burned my mouth off the pork buns.Scallion pancakes, fried whole fish, noodles, rice, eat them all.  A lot of communal round tables, and not in that trendy farm to table way.  In a no one gives a shit kind of way,  except the two teenage girls seated with us -- suck it.  They have non communal tables, but why bother waiting?  It was crowded as hell when we went for lunch, and even more crowded half an hour before they closed the other time I came for take out.
To be honest, from all these reviews I thought this place was going to be AMAZING. It was just okay.. Got the shanghai dumplings, pork dumplings, greenbeans, and some noodle dish.. I don't remember the name because it was that bland.It was nothing special for all the hype.
I have to say the pork dumplings were very good and looking around that seemed to be what everyone was ordering. In addition I ordered sesame chicken which was pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary. You sit at tables with other people that can get crowded. The system for waiting seemed like it could be improved. We got a number for two and were told 20-30 minutes. It is hard to go anywhere else to wait because the lady will only shout out your number once and immediately skip it if you are not there. I thought this was a little annoying if there is a long wait time but luckily for us we timed it perfectly by waiting at a nearby bar. Overall, I would go back when I get a craving for the dumplings.
Jesus christ , I have no idea how this place got so famous. The food here is quite bad, and they sure do use a lot of rubber bands in their food. Yes I know they're not rubber bands but they sure do look, feel, and taste like it. There are other ways to make that stuff without it being so... so rubber bandy. I would give this place one star as they are rather pricey as well, BUT they do have good soup dumplings and I am aware that's the main attraction. But that's my tip, only get the soup dumplings, just about everything else sucks.
The soup dumplings here are the BEST! Other spots in the neighborhood have Shanghainese soup dumplings, but none of them compare to the original Joe's Shanghai dumplings. Aside from the dumplings, the other food at Joe's is just okay, in my opinion. But it's absolutely worth a trip for the soup dumplings - out-of-this-world amazing!
This place is pretty cool for lunch. If you're not there with 8 of your friends, they will sit you with some random people at a big 10 person table most likely with tourists. It's a whole other experience this way, and I'm a big fan.My friend and I shared a lot of small plates including the crab meat and pork soup dumplings (xiao long bao). Which were all delicious! The Quail quarters were the typical slightly overcooked, crispy skinned deliciousness. And I'm from NorCal, so I haven't had or haven't been exposed to the fried turnip ball that is full of WIN. Also try the peanut noodles if you're not so adventurous. They are surprisingly awesome.
Repeat after me....soup dumplings....soup dumplings.  You go here for soup dumplings.  Nothing else.  This place is iconic.  There is an art to eating a soup dumpling which most people figure out after they try shoving the whole thing in their mouth the first time.  Take a tiny bite.  Let the soup out onto the spoon and then shove it in your mouth, or the mouth of the stranger sitting next to you.  Not the place to go on a first date.
Best soup dumplings in NY.  The staff is a little rude, but that's expected in Chinatown.  A bit heavy handed on the MSG.  The automatically add 15% tip to the bill.  I'm just rating them based on the pork and crab dumplings.
So-so food... I am not coming back to crappy service and below-standard facilities for a bunch of xiaolongbao.
My friends from Boston introduced me to this place on my last trip to NYC. They said Joe's Shanghai has the best Xiao Long Bao in New York. I was addicted ever since. Came back after a year and they are still as good.Xiao Long Bao are these little juicy dumplings with soup and minced pork filling. Eating it requires some chopsticks skills. You have to carefully pick it up without breaking the skin. Slowly dip it into the dark vinegar sauce, bite into that ball of love and let the milky broth take over your savory sensation. It is a common dish that a lot of restaurant serve but very little truly excel.While I haven't really tried that many XLB in East Coast, I do believe Joes's crab meat XLB is among the best in the States. I have yet to find a restaurant in San Francisco Bay Area that is comparable. The only rival maybe Dan Tai Fung in LA.Knowing how busy they could get during lunch hour, I made sure we get there before they open at 11. We were first to arrive but some people gathered there shortly after. We were seated immediately and our dumplings were served promptly.Just as good as I remembered. Skin with perfect texture and thickness that is chewy yet delicate. Flavorful and generous amount of broth. Not too fatty nor too salty. I do find the fillings for the normal one a bit plain but the crab version is flawless. Totally worth a trip to Chinatown.If you wanted something else other than the dumplings, the Shanghai Fried Bean Curd and Shredded Turnip Shortcake aren't too bad.
Joe's Sanghai is always a must stop when I'm in New York. The only reason I come here is for the soup dumplings! I'm sure many of you have read how delicious these dumplings are so I'll save you the long essay of repeated reviews and just say, YUM! The waits are long but I don't mind them. You're in chinatown! Go explore or something! The service is always good and the staff is usually very nice. The hostesses however can sometimes be a bit rude. But for soup dumplings I'll let it slide!
Love!! Make sure to get the soup dumplings... Almost didn't my first time there and then the waiter forced us to order them, but I'm so glad he did. Super super packed and you'll probably get seated with randos, but that's always fun. Shrimp fried rice is so delicious. So is the shrimp and scallop in garlic sauce.  Only downside is cash only.
You guys, this is NYC. There are SO many places where you can have an amazing  food, great service, AND not spend a million dollars. But this is not one of those places. You walk in and the patrons are 98% out of towners. This is what we call a tourist trap. You do not have to go here "just to experience it" because Betsy from book club said it was amazing. Break the cycle and make your own choices and actually enjoy yourself instead of suffering through "an experience." I went here with a couple out of town friends because they heard it was really good. *sigh* I should have know. But they brought up soup dumplings. I love soup. I love dumplings. I love soup dumplings! How could this be bad?First of all, you will wait. And if it's cold and/or precipitating, you will hate it.The service was horrendous! From the hostess to the server, everyone was SOO rude! It was one of the worst "restaurant" experiences I've ever had. I've been in NY for over 10 years and a server for most if that time, and I was shocked at how rude they were. I always tip 20% or over (I'm usually pretty understanding if a server forgets water or to put the sauce on the side - it happens) and I wanted to leave 0 tip here. But of course THEY ADD A 15% AUTOMATIC GRATUITY or else nobody would ever leave anything.The dumplings were just ok. I tried the pork soup dumplings and they were pretty bland (although I do tend to prefer more savory, salty broths). When I broke one open, the "meat" was pretty unidentifiable. And all of the dishes my friends and I tried were no better than a cheap take out place. And it was pretty awkward with everyone trying to talk about how good the dumplings were, but you could tell no one really thought they were worth it.Want some good food? Try the ramen place around the corner - Bossanova. Now THEY now how to whip up a good broth. Or go to Queens and get some REALLY good soup dumplings for much cheaper (although still some short waitstaff). Look around and you'll find SOO many options that are amazing. Act like a real New Yorker and "know better."Really, this place is not worth it. Not the money. Not the wait. Not the "experience."
For some reason, I'd never actually been to Joe's Shanghai before. Fully embracing the tourist experience, I stopped by for a quick lunch. Because I went at a slightly odd hour, I had absolutely no wait, but the restaurant wasn't exactly empty.The servers really have this down to a science. After being seated, they come around asking "pork or crab?" since absolutely everyone orders xlb. I opted for crab, but next time, I'd just order the pork. I also got an order of the turnip cake, but honestly, the xlb is plenty filling.This is definitely a tourist spot, as I looked around and noticed there were almost no Chinese customers. Ah well. A quick, cheap eat in the city is always a nice find.
THE BEST DUMPLINGS IN THE CITY!!!Pros: Xiaolongbao! The best. Cons: Get there early or get takeout! Long wait usually, but obviously worth it. Cash only.
I am asian, but came here for my first time ever having soup dumplings yesterday night.I wouldn't crave the food ever, but I would/ will probably return with out of towners.The Wait List:To begin, there will be a line and it will be long, whether you are a party of 2 or 10 and there will be groups of all sizes which goes to show the popularity of Joe's. Come as a date or with your entire group of friends, they will accommodate you. Like in the Chinese restaurant episode in Seinfeld, the person taking numbers for the waiting list will say "about 5 ..10 minutes", but it will be more like 40 minutes. You will feel like you are waiting and waiting and starving, and honestly the wait is half the fun and I felt it added to the crazy anticipation and excitement of trying the best dumplings that are quoted as "better than sex" by some other Yelper. So yes, expect to wait.The Food:I heard about Joe's from a friend and all the articles online fameing it as the best soup dumplings in nyc and a nyc must try before you die - so i went in fully expecting mind blowing food, but for me it didn't hit the spot. The dumplings were definitely tasty and fun to eat and watch my date eat while trying not to let the soup IN the dumpling explode OUT. The crab and pork dumpling wasn't anything unexpected and I preferred the bolder taste from the just pork dumpling (which is also $2 cheaper at $5.95, if money matters to you). The soup in the dumplings were flavorful and no complaints about the raved soup dumplings, just nothing new in flavor that I haven't tried before in asian cuisine. It just tasted as I would expect. *Some reviews mention the ginger dipping sauce for the dumplings as amazing, but its just soy sauce, vinegar, and some shredded ginger... It was delicious, yes, but nothing unexpected.*The Scalion pancake is tasty and greasy and crispy and everything I had hoped for. The dipping sauce savory sweet and syrupy. That dipping sauce was our favorite part of the meal.*We wrapped the meal together with the shredded beef noodle soup, my date's choice. She said it best, "nothing special, but the beef is really good". Again, the food tasted very good, but it didn't have bold flavor that sucker punches you unexpectedly and says "who's your daddy!?" It doesn't make you wonder what is that flavor!? What is that ingredient? How can I have this everyday!?  The broth was beefy and full of flavor. Better than most soups. The beef strips were the highlight of the soup - very soft and sweet. The noodles were disappointing. Its like water noodles with no flavor.The End:The experience was fun (waiting in line and eating those dumpling bombs) and now I can say I have tried Joe's Shanghai. I would come back with someone that has never been before and I would say it's a great place to try. The entire meal was less than $30 for 2 orders of dumplings (16 dumplings total which is filling), scallion pancakes, and beef soup.  We were full, but were secretly thinking out loud to each other "Wow, yesterday was so much more delicious at Prosperity Dumplings (big fried dumplings and on the real cheap)".
2.5 - even 3 stars. (Rounded down for uncleanliness and notably bad service.)Alright, so I ended up coming here for at least an unexpected third time after my last review. For some reason, everyone in NYC just seems to want to visit this place?? A friend and I were around the area (in SoHo/Nolita), and we were deciding between Lombardi's Pizza or Joe's Shanghai (we had been to both already). She seemed to prefer Joe's Shanghai for the price...so I went along with it with little fuss...although as my previous review suggests, I'm not the biggest fan of the place. Haha. I don't remember there being much of a wait for the two of us. But this was the first time I had to share a large table with two (actually, I think three) other parties. Another time I was with one friend, and I guess we were lucky to get a table for two. Anyway, this time around, friend and I were the only two Asians on a large, circular table with a couple of white European tourists, and out of towners. There was one particularly obnoxious man who throughout the meal insisted that he knew all the best things to order on the menu, as if everyone around him wanted his "expertise." This guy went on forever...literally throughout the meal...which made my dumplings even harder to digest...friend and I just could not get over how ridiculous this guy was. And he recommended random fish dishes instead of the dumplings... Anyway, seating like that is just another reason to avoid this place. It is also so dirty and grimy (even for Asian restaurant standards) that I would not bring my Chinese family here... And especially considering all the other options around, there is little reason (other than the very inexpensive price) to come here.Not to mention, the oily, grimy-textured dumplings didn't sit too well this time around with my friend's stomach...
Everyone comes for the soup dumplings and they were better than average, though I did find the dough too chewy.Service was fast, the place is small. I actually much rather the Flushing or the Midtown location than here. Also, too many tourists.
One of the best places for xiao long bao in Manhattan!sigh....if only that actually meant something. Even though Joe's Shanghai doesn't rank high in the grand scheme of all Chinese food, let's remember we're in nyc and not Shanghai. It's all about expectations, right? Among the other xiao long bao options in the area, it certainly stands above the rest. Super packed during lunch time, but surprisingly the wait time isn't that long because the waitstaff works efficiently to turn over customers. Definitely not the place to go if you're looking for a slow lunch with your group (you'll probably be sharing a table with random people). However, for decent Shanghainese food at an extremely affordable price, it's a great choice. My recommendation is to forget about the rest of the menu and just stick with getting dumplings. After all, it's probably the real reason you're going there, and most of the other dishes on the menu are somewhat underwhelming.
Soup Dumplings were amazing!we went during prime time dinner hours so the wait was about 40min, but it worked out cuz some of our friends were 30min late so they came just in time. make sure you eat the dumpling in one bite! but don't burn your tonguethe other foods were actually pretty good too.So apparently... (this is something i've heard. i haven't tried it so i don't know if this is true), but the soup dumpling restaurant just next door is just as good, but people don't know about it as much so you can get the same good food with no long wait time.   Yeah, so if you want to try soup dumplings but you see this line and say "aint nobody got time fo dat" then maybe try the place next door.  Let me know how it is .. if i haven't tried it by then =)
I'd have to say my experience here was mediocre. I suppose I'm not used to a fast-paced environment like this. My party of six was seated at a table with a party of four. It was a little uncomfortable, but wasn't all so bad. As some other reviewers said, they tried to cram as much business in as they could. Even the service was very rushed.I had originally had a mind-set for dim sum so I didn't really know what to order. Our waiter went ahead and suggested their golden item, the (what I know them as) soup buns. We ordered both the pork buns and pork and crab buns. I wasn't all too amazed as everyone seems to be. The pork buns itself didn't hold a lot of flavor, but the buns with the crab meat was all... seafood-y. I think I preferred the crab combo rather than pork by itself. We also tried to order some wonton soup (I don't quite remember) and they told us it would take about 45 minutes because it was frozen. Not very easing, but at least they were being honest. The scallion pancakes were just dough. I'm more familiar with the ones that are cooked into a bubble so I was kind of disappointed to see the plate in front of me presentation-wise.Other than that, the buns came out fairly quick. Not bad for something you don't see at a normal Chinese take-out.
Perfect for a COLD Day (not the 90 degree day we went)!Soup Dumplings were great and cheap.  We got both the Pork and the Crab soup dumplings.  Not the BEST I've had but they were good and we were happy.  I prefer the Pork. The order was perfect for two people (Meal came out to around 15 dollars and we were full).  Tip: Tables are shared, CASH Only.
My husband and I went on a food-tour today in NYC...We're only in town for less than 40 hours and we spent most of today in the lower part of Manhattan (below Union Square) to venture in my past favorite eats of NYC. :)One of the places we visited (that I used to frequent a lot when I lived in NYC) was Joe's Shanghai!- BEST soup dumplings everrrr....even better than the ones in Los Angeles! We've tried a bunch of pork dumplings (with soup inside) at over 5-6 different restaurants and this one is still the best, in terms of filling, soup, size, etc.- If you don't mind having to share a large table with random strangers & the quick / no non-sense service, then come here just for the soup dumplings. I can't say much for the rest of the menu, as this restaurant is mostly famous for it's pork soup dumplings.- We ordered an order of the crab/pork dumplings & an order of the pork dumplings = came out steaming hot in the bamboo steamers & BE CAREFUL when you bite into the dumpling, as the soup inside is HOT and could scorch your tongue/mouth!- Enjoy the experience of the soup dumpling with or without the soy sauce/ginger concoction they serve you. :) The dumpling is just good on its own without any sauce...My husband is a huge soup dumpling fan, and pretty critical -- and today, he commented that this restaurant was probably his #1 soup dumpling place now. WHOA. :)It's worth a visit when you're in NYC and close to Chinatown area!
I'm always down for some super greasy, super amazing soup dumplings. The experience at Joe's Shanghai is like that of a street market's, but indoors. The food is served fast and it's really good. As someone who was born in China, I'm quite picky about my Chinese food. Joe's Shanghai meets my expectations in all the right ways for that.The only complaint I have is, the seating people who stand by the front of the restaurant got my seating request wrong twice and made us wait an extra 15 minutes or so. I told them there were two of us and they had me down for six people. This happened again when I asked them about being seated and they wrote me down for four people. So be extra conscientious when you're telling them how many of you, there are.
Two stars for the scallion pancakes and soup dumplings.The service was horrible! The waiter literally yelled at my bf for asking a clarifying question. He also NEVER came back after placing our order. We had to track down random servers and even being acknowledged was a hassle. The other waiters were in a group showing each other their cellphone and laughing.I'm never coming here again. I'll go down the street to Shanghai Manor for better service at a cheaper price !
Came here for the xiao long bao like everyone else. They are pretty good. Definitely the juiciest XLB's I've ever had. There's so much soup in that dumpling, I don't even know how it doesn't pop! I also tried one of their noodle dishes, it was whatever. If you want some juicy, soupy, xlb's come here.
The wait....sucks.  The food.....AWESOME!  Best soup dumplings in American.  And those sauteed green beans are nomz too.
It's been my understanding this place has turned more into a tourist trap than a venerable food place. That's probably true since we shared a round table with two groups of Frenchies.However, it's undeniable that their food is still cheap and good.  Their hearty soup dumplings are twice the size of Ding Tai Fong's but they win because 1) You can never get any at DTF due to limited availability and 2) You pay more for less there.  DTF definitely has a more refined product but if you want down and dirty, Joe's is the place to be.We also had their green onion pancake - greasy but good - and their zasai and mustard green noodles.  The default noodles were mushy and had no bite but the broth was tasty, though not complex or rich like that which is used in Japanese ramen.Service is brisk and the place COULD be cleaner.  But like the mom and kid who also shared a table with us, you can get out of there full spending less than $10.  SERVICE CHARGE OF 15% IS ALREADY INCLUDED IN EVERYONE'S TAB!!! (another sign of a tourist trap)
This place has gone down hill. Service was horrible and food was ok. Will never come to this place again!
Pretty good dumplings.   I also got vege crispy pan fried noodle, and scallion pancake.Scallion pancake is s dish that's hard to go wring with and theirs did not dissappoint.Pan fried noodles had a bit too much sauce, but i thought it was pretty good.They didn't have a ton of stuff my picky girlfriend wanted to eat, but maybe that's because she was not in a good mood.   I think the scallion pancakes cheered her up a little bit though.This place is probably better for parties of 4+. Dishes are huge, so be careful not to over order.
This is a good restaurant. But special attention, special order, gluten free eaters need to avoid places like this. Let me tell you the sad story of a group that was sat at the table with us.Before you walk in the door, there is a big sign that says no credit cards, cash only. It's the first thing you see. So we got sat at a big round table with 2 groups, one of them Asian and the other a group from who knows where but it was some other part of this country. The server comes and asks if we would like some dumplings for appetizers and we said yes, then he asked her and she asked if they had vegetarian dumplings. He said no. She kept asking if he could make it vegetarian and he said no, they make it in advance. She asked what kind of meat, he said it was pork. Then she made this look on her face as if she was stunned and couldn't eat anything. He walks away, then she starts talking to her group and tells them that it's only pork.Well when we get our dumplings, they were delicious. Sticking to each other a few of them ripped open and we lost the juice unfortunately. But the lady at our table proceeded to order some beef entrees. 10 minutes later, she's calling the waiter over to ask if she could change one of her entrees to a fried rice instead. He politely told her no and even got her some free rice.Well, when we were paying our bill, she figures out that it's cash only because the little boy next to her told it's cash only. She looks stunned as if this is some kind of unknown practice. My group and I are just whispering to each other about how funny this whole situation is and politely leave with lots of laughter in our bellies as well as the wonderful food here.Watching that whole ordeal happen was some of the best entertainment I've ever had at a restaurant. So the scoop here is that the dumplings are great, the food is good, and don't be like the lady at my table...
Crazy busy, tight inside, shared table seating, but that does mean you get seated reasonably quickly despite the crowds.Green beans are a little too much dried beef-- not delicate in taste as a result. Not bad though, but disappointing.Xiao long bao in pork form are pretty decent, the pork and crab are even better, but the end product is just average. They lack the delicacy or the presentation of the better places I've had, and while the taste was pretty acceptable, the taste again lacked the explosive bursts of flavor on your taste buds of the best places.
Soup dumplings are da bomb, but you'll have to wait in a queue to get in.  Go in a big group so you can try a bigger swathe of all the menu.
Overhyped tourist trap I think.. The xiao long bao or soup dumpling was nothing spectacular. The only thing I will remember about the dumplings was that they were MSG filled and so were the rest of the food. I love dumplings and I just had 2 of these. Was not even tempted to eat more. The fries rice tastes so mediocre, and again overly greasy again. The eggplant's sauce was too thick as well. The pork chops were actually fried well but seasoning and flavor were a disappointment and tasted like the typical MSG-filled food they have. Good thing we did not have to wait very long to be seated because a wait will definitely not be worth it.
Come here when it OPENS or good luck trying to find a seat! Luckily we knew better and came when the doors emerged. Soup dumplings are savory and to die for. Such a great price that we ordered another set. If you've never tried soup dumplings, Joe's is the way to go.
I'm not usually a fan of Chinese food, but this was the best I've had. I probably wouldn't pick this place out of all the amazing restaurants in Manhattan, but if you are in the area and love Chinese food, definitely stop by! You'll love it if you don't mind the other things I'll mention.4 stars for the food, knock one off for everything else. The wait was horrific. Some customers were served first for the same items even though they arrived later than us, one person in our group was served a half hour or so before the rest. Also, the waiters were very hard to understand, they really rush you to order, and aren't very attentive, but that's to be expected for such a busy place in China town. Beware! The portions are very big. 2-3 people could share each $15 dollar entree, but it's meant to be that way.The food was much better than expected, especially for the price. The dumplings seemed to be very popular, almost every table had them! Worth a try. This would be a 4-5 star for Chinese food lovers, but if you are just looking for a place to eat in NYC, service makes it a 3.
I was excited to eat here while I was visiting in NYC, their impressive Yelp stats will draw tourist and locals in for a delicious meal. There is a lot of hype about their XLB (soup dumplings), and they really are amazing! I've been to many dumpling places in Southern California, and as far as XLB, Joe's are at the top of the list. This place may be busy, or have a wait, but it's definitely worth the wait! Another thing that makes this place worth the wait is that their service is much better compared to other Chinese places in NYC. I believe they maintain being traditional, but are more used to serving tourist. Any place with thousands of reviews on Yelp have to maintain awesome service, and theirs was awesome.We ordered the pork soup dumplings, house fried rice, scallion pancakes, and the crispy duck. The scallion pancakes were so good, and super cheap. The fried rice was awesome. I would say the fried rice, scallion pancakes, and XLB are all must order items. The duck was very good as well.This place definitely earns their reputation for the top Chinese place in Chinatown. A must for any tourist looking for a great dining experience.
When deciding to go to Joe's Shanghai, I think part of the appeal is the dining experience and its reputation.  You enter a bustling restaurant where there's usually a lengthy line of people waiting to get seated, and there's something about being at a place that is in seeming high demand that can make your meal more exciting.  Joe's Shanghai is probably one of the better known restaurants in Chinatown, so be prepared for a wait!Overall, my most recent meal was just average.  The soup dumplings were definitely the best parts of the meals.  I tried the crab and pork variety, and while I did not taste the crab in the filling, I thought it was a savory delight.  I also tried the pork fried rice and sautéed Chinese broccoli, and while I appreciated the freshness of the broccoli, I thought the fried rice was mediocre.  Would Joe's Shanghai be my go-to destination for Chinese food in NYC? Probably not, but I think it's worth a visit to see what the hype is all about.
3.5 stars. Visited for the first time this summer, mainly because of the soup dumplings (xiao long bao). There are 2 varieties to choose from, pork and crab meat. The XLB here are massive. Probably double in size in comparison to any of the others I have tried. The pork XLB were delicious and finished quickly. My group did not enjoy the crab meat XLB however. The crab meat itself was good but the soup inside these dumplings were a seafood broth which was not that enjoyable. The next time I'd definitely get multiple orders of the pork XLB. The other dishes we had were standard fare - chicken fried rice, stir fried beef with green peppers, all were tasty and came in large, filling portions. Came here on a Saturday for lunch and although there was a line, it took about 15-20 minutes to seat a group of 4. Will return for more XLB!
Pork.Dumplings. Soup. Fried. I love them both equally.If only I could eat dumplings every day without any repercussions.A friend and I went here after drinks nearby. We had 15 mins to close and they sat us down although I'm sure they wanted to turn us away.Food was great. No lines since we got there so late. Typical Chinatown Chinese restaurant vibe that is cash only. Service was ehh but I don't blame them. We were the assholes that came in right before close.I will be back. #dumplingsforever
There's something about feeling like you are in an authentic Asian place when you are being ushered to sit with people you don't know, no one will speak English to you and the whole experience feels like you are in a conveyer belt of service --- I love it. To me, it makes the food taste better. This is not, however, the type of service most Americans are accustomed to - but it does feel fully in character. The decor - what decor? Let's move onto the food.  Fav eats - the soup dumplings here are arguably ( with some exceptions) some of the best in the city (or so says my tinder profile), but another item on the menu that is out of this world is the scallion pancake. Foodie hack - practice eating soup dumplings before you take someone here you want to impress. The sheer fun of seeing people try to navigate this experience is a thrill in itself.
It's NOT all that great. Don't believe the hype.Tip: Don't wait for more than 20min to be seated. It's not worth the wait. If you really want to eat the soup dumplings catch a train/cab to one of their other locations. It's the exact same dumplings but in a less hectic/crowded place.The food was good. Soup dumplings were good. I'm just not convinced it's the greatest soup dumpling spot in NYC. I also don't think the hassle and the drama is worth it. Pro: Food is good. Prices are reasonable considering how popular this place is. Cons: Ridiculous wait times. Especially if you come during lunch/dinner hours. Trust me it's not worth the 40min to an hour wait time for a party of two. More people = longer wait. The seating system sucks. Chances are you'll be seated with a bunch of Tourists or the suckers that bought into the hype. If you are lucky they'll respect your privacy but so far that hasn't been the case with me. Maybe I'm just not that social.
This is a very overrated place. The restaurant smells and the food is not fresh at all. If you come here, just order soup dumpling and nothing else. Even the soup dumplings here I had much better version of it somewhere else. The wrap of the soup dumplings here very thick and it was a bit salty.
The world famous Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown does an incredible job of xiao long bao Shanghainese dumplings and hundreds of other Chinese dishes. Done well and done expertly.We had about four orders of the dumplings but also a great chicken fried rice, fried noodles, sesame chicken and also general Tso's chicken along with a few other assorted dishes. Beef and green beans was an absolute stand out as well.This place is chaotic, but go in and get a number and they'll call you for your table - you may wind up sitting at a communal table but definitely worth it.
Soup dumplings number 1 and 2 in the menus and super filling I think ordered too much and the scallion pancakes are fire; waiters are always in a rush tho
Upon arrival,  there was a very long line.  Based on the reviews we decided that it must be worth the wait.   Were we wrong. ..  The fried dumplings,  scallion pancakes,  duck dish, and chicken dish were mediocre at best. We've had better at corner Chinese carryouts that also serve subs.  The soup dumplings were very good, but not worth the wait. My husband, son and I all agree "one and done. "  We will not go back.
This place was super busy when we came around 8:30PM on a Thursday night. Luckily, we were seated within 15 minutes but they almost wouldn't seat us because even though we were the only group of 5 people waiting to be seated, the receptionist was convinced that there was another group before us... but there wasn't. We ordered 3 orders or the crab xiao long bao and 2 of the pork xiao long bao. They came out piping hot, which was great! Unfortunately, many of the xiao long baos (I'd say over half of our order) was broken so all the soup leaked out before they even touched our plates :( They were bigger than the ones I've had at Din Tai Fung, but the quality wasn't there. Other than the rude receptionist that seated us, the service inside was okay. Something to note is that they already add on tip to your bill so double check and make sure you don't double tip (unless you want to, then you're welcome to do that! :) ). This place is definitely quantity over quality, but it's decent for the price so give it a try and judge for yourself!
Ventured here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and was glad we did!**First and foremost: they only accept cash!!!** (We never carry more than $10-$20 in cash, so we had to stop across the street in a pharmacy and pull out cash from the ATM there.)So, we headed back over. It was pretty busy around the lunch hour, but we were seated right away. Just as others have mentioned, if you are 2-3 people coming, you will be sat at a cozy table with strangers. It was fine for us, but I know some people may not prefer that dining style. The interior is older and overall, it was pretty cramped, but we were there for the food. As a side note, the pics others posted on here were helpful because the menu is very simple and contains no pictures or detailed descriptions.They give you your own little pot of tea, which is always a nice touch. We couldn't wait to order the pork soup dumplings. They arrived quickly and were everything I had hoped for and more! We actually ended up sharing with the others at our table because we still had 2 main dishes coming out.My husband loves trying different bizarre things, and tried the cold appetizer of kidney and vegetables. It was actually not bad. It had a little too much of a game meat taste for me to want more, but it was tender and kind of reminded me of Buffalo or venison. I wouldn't order it again, but hey, it was worth trying something out of my comfort zone!I ordered the pan fried noodles with chicken. This portion is huge...like, 2-3 people could easily share this and be full, especially if you've had the dumplings to start with. I loved these noodles! It was my first time having them, and they easily soften up in the sauce, but the crunchy bites were also perfect.My husband ordered ginger chicken. This didn't come out like we had expected, but was delicious nonetheless. Just know, that the chicken with this dish isn't nicely chopped up for you, but instead is the whole chicken pieces with the meat still attached to the bones and the skin is still in tact. The service was very quick, even on a busy Saturday afternoon. I def will go back next visit to NYC!
Joe Shanghais is a bit of a institute in China town. It does have a signature dish (which in fairness can be found in other locations) which is the soup dumplings. The joy in these hot parcels of delight is not the flavor themselves but watching people try to navigate their way around themFor the first time. The questions they ask themselves of "do I eat it whole??"..."do I bite and try to drink the soup first??"..."do I have to use chopsticks??". So many questions with no real answer. It's joyous on so many levels.The rest of the food is good. Noodles are fresh, lemon chicken isn't too rich and the sizzling beef really is sizzling. But also tender and well marinated to capture the spices that seep in deep into the meat to give it a fuller taste.We of course did the classic Chinese ordering technique of ordering too much. But with all this, and a beer, it came to $25 (inc tip) and we eat like kings (or queens). I'm still full and this was 2 days ago.
We had Joes Shanghai at their other location several years ago and it left us disappointed. After all the raves from our family and friends, we decided to stop by and give them ONE more chance. Parking is a bia in Chinatown so make sure you come with all your guests Bc they will NOT seat you if your whole party is not there. We had the crab soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. The soup dumplings I believe were over cooked. It would break apart on you so you're left with just the dumplings Bc the soup had ether evaporated or it leaked out. Crab one tasted weird -- like gritty tasting. But the classic pork soup dumpling was good. The scallion pancakes were also delicious. It was crispy, just the way we liked it. My suggestion though is to change out the carpet because it smells really bad when you walk in there. I wouldn't mind coming back here but I hear there are several other soup dumpling shops in Chinatown that we wouldn't mind giving a try before coming back here.
Soup dumplings are great here but it is not worth the hype.My family and I decided to try this place out after it was all over social media but we were a little disappointed. Staff is not friendly at all.. and they tend to throw the dishes/food at you.There are way better and nicer place in NYC for soup dumplings.
To the girl who compared this to Din Tai Fung, no no.4,000 reviews?! I had to come and try it. However, trouble from the start is that China Town parking is RIDICULOUS. Just try to park wherever you can, then walk! Walking will get you there faster, and you'll get to enjoy more scenery.This is the first time that I've been seated WITH a random group. Alright, so it's 11:45am, and there's a good chunk of people waiting. The lady tells us 20minutes, which was a lot shorter than we were guessing. We planned on walking around, but we ended up staying and waiting. Good thing because we ended up getting seated in 10 minutes instead! What was NOT a good thing was the fact that my party of 3 was seated WITH another party of 3 that are already eating so that we fill up the 6 table perfectly. IT'S SO WEIRD. We just split the table, but you can't help but feel squished and uncomfortable.Now, the comparison between DTF and here caught my eye. My top 2 dumpling houses are Din Tai Fung and Mama Lu's, and this place falls under these 2 in my opinion, for the debate was not very close. It costed $40 for 3 items, so it's pricing is between DTF and Mama Lu (with Mama Lu being the cheapest). The inside is small and kind of dirty, which drifts away from DTF and more towards Mama Lu's, but the dumpling is the most important factor. Although the dumplings are very big compared to regular ones, the juice inside is dull--nothing special. Mama Lu's is sweet, and DTF's is boldly spiked. The only one-up this place has is its size that makes it more filling.
I've had soup dumplings before for the first time here and I am addicted. I basically ate a whole basket to myself because I died and went to heaven. Staff doesn't know too much English so beware in case you have any questions lol but it's fine by me because I wasn't doing much talking anyway.... too concerned with my dumplings! Yummm! :)
Since moving to NY I knew I had to compare this to Din Tai Fung and I have to say, Din Tai Fung is still better.WAIT: Came on a Saturday at 12:50 pm and there was only a 15-20 minute wait for 4 people.  She gives you a number and then calls it when it is your turn.  If your whole group isn't here, she'll skip over you so make sure everyone in your party is present.ATMOSPHERE: Did anyone else notice the C health rating for this place? It's definitely your typical hole in the wall crowded, loud, Chinese restaurant with lots of round tables.  So if you come in a small group you may be sitting at a large round table with 2-3 other groups.  It's not that weird since the table is large enough.  The service is fast and pretty efficient so no worries there.FOOD: Got the green onion pancake and 1 order of the XLBs.GREEN ONION PANCAKE - pretty good, very flavorful.  Some of the green onions are almost sautéed giving it a grilled onion taste.  The crispy parts are really good but I did have one that was doughy.  They cut it into 8 or so slices.PORK XLB - 8 in one basket.  Compared to din tai fung, these are much much bigger and they even give you tongs to pick up the pork dumplings. That signifies that the skin is much thicker and doesn't break easily.  As a result of that, the skin isn't as delicate and chewy or fresh tasting as din tai fung.  I will say however, that the soup inside (there's much more soup) is very flavorful and fatty.  So taste wise, I might have to say Joe's is a hair better than din tai fung.  The other thing that Joe's has going for it are the prices, it's about $7 for the entire basket, so cheap!CASH ONLY so make sure you bring enough.  Overall, it was definitely good but I still have to say that din tai fung is better.
Delish xiao long Bao in US..Very good service!!Order crispy fried duck!!Thanks to my sister for her recommendation
I'm not really sure what the hype is. After getting XLB from Ding Tai Fung many many times this place can't even compare. I think I prefer Shanghai Cafe and other places instead.
I'm a regular. Sure the staff is brusk, but I expected that. They've got a lot of dumplings to get to hungry people. And soup dumplings need to be eaten while they're hot!
Yum yum yummy soup dumplings! Came here on a Sunday morning with two others. There were quite a few people waiting outside. We went to get a number and the hostess said it would be about a 15 minute wait. Joy! We just stuck around the area and before we knew it we were hustled inside. We were seated at a community table and immediately ordered the pork and the crab soup dumplings. Watch out! The dumplings are fresh and super hot!! Bite the tip of the dumpling and let the soup ooze out to cool. A unknowing tourist who was sitting beside us made the mistake of taking a huge bite out of his dumpling and it squirted all over the table. LOL, amateur! :P I really enjoyed the dumplings - very tasty and savory soup. Although I do agree with Char Y., that the doughy wrapper is a bit thick. We also ordered Sauteed Black Mushrooms with Bamboo Shoots. This too came out piping hot, smothered in oyster (?) sauce. Everything was super affordable. No complaints!
I have no idea why everyone goes here, the food was sub par, and the atmosphere was hectic and crowded. The dumplings were very unappealing as well. Would not recommend.
This is my first time visit to their Chinatown location. I have been to the midtown location but more than a decade ago, way before my Yelp life started. Anyway, once you arrive at the street "Pell St." in Chinatown where Joe's Shanghai is located, you will feel as if you are in China. Nice, quiet and narrow street with all Chinese characters. The place is still "Cash Only". We ordered "Crab Xiao Long Bao" and the pork one. Each comes with so many as 8 pieces and the prices so reasonable as $6.95 and $4.95 respectively.  Nice!The dumplings were really good. Every one of them had good amount of soup inside, perfectly twisted and closed on top, and I could easily shoot at myself or neighboring customers with a soup water gun when biting them. Starting with a small bite on the spoon is highly recommended. Other than the Xiao Long Bao, the snow pea leaves was fresh and cooked less salty compared to other restaurants. The beef with scallions had so much green part of scallions and some fresh (not canned) bamboo shoot slices, which I loved.The tea was nice and the server immediately replaced with a full pot of tea when we emptied the first pot. Nice. As it says on the last page of the menu, here they automatically add 15% service charge (or tip) to your bill. How convenient. Parking in this area is very challenging even on a weekday, but once you find a spot, you can reward yourself with the juicy Xiao Long Bao.I can't wait to visit their Tokyo location in Ginza in December!
This spot was great. Me and a group of 3 (4 total) came here Sunday night. It was packed. Tables either come by 8 or 2. So be prepared to share tables. The food was insane. Sesame chicken dumplings (#9 and #10). Salt and pepper shrimp. Fat noodles (forgot name). The won ton soup was also good and comes family style. Highly recommended.
I can get better chinese in any takeout place in the boroughs! Do yourself a favor and save the subway fare.
Compare to the average Chinese food in SoCal, this place is close enough if they lower about 50% percent of the price tag. The dumpling is about average, nothing special. No where near Ding-Tai Fong as other reviewer mentioned. We waited for about 30 mins for early dinner ( 5PM). I'm not sure why new yorker can't find a better Chinese place to go, maybe it's a tourist place after all.Stick with dumpling( steam or fired), the other dishes is below average, crispy duck is bland and  tasteless, stir fry veggie dish are way over priced, try somewhere else if you can...
From a guy who spent 11 months in Southeast China, Joe's Shanghai offered a very authentic experience when it came to Chinese cuisine. The staff was very efficient, and despite the the place being completely packed, our food still arrived within less than 15 minutes. The prices are very reasonable as well. The experience definitely felt like a throwback to my time in China.
The food was delicious.  5 stars for that, but it was a little pricy, and the seating is pretty bad. We were at a round table that was cut a quarter of the way to fit more people, and even then my elbows were rubbing against my  girlfriend. If you're a party of two expect for the waiter to sit someone at your table half way through your meal. That was a little awkward but understandable . The dumplings are flavorful, taste fresh and plump.
Great Soup Dumplings. New York Staple. Never close.
I think this will be my last visit to Joes. The skin of the soup dumplings are thinner and theres a lot of soup... only plus. Do not try the pan fried noodles! The noodles look and taste like styrofoam and the sauce makes it worse.
Yum yum yum!!!!! Wth this place is the good!! Most def worth the wait to get in.. The smell outside is so inviting yummmmmmy!!
I came here with family and I was very disappointed with the service.although the duck we ate was really good, the crisped beef was horrible.we found easily a spot to eat at around 6pm but the waiters are very rude and seem to be doing you a favor for everything you ask.one of them spilled tea in my table and didn't even clean it and when I asked to clean he threw me a paper towel so I would clean it!!! Incredible! I didn't want to give tip but it was 15% included.food has some potential but really horrible service!
I came here with my sister for lunch when it was pretty crowded, so we got sat down at a table with other people. It was a round table and they were able to fit three parties at the table. It wasn't too awkward though since the table is relatively big and everyone minded their own business. We ordered the crab xiao long bao and seafood pan fried noodles. The soup dumplings were very flavorful, and they definitely had a great mixture of the pork and crab in the dumplings. The pan fried noodles were delicious as well. I thoroughly enjoyed the perfectly crisped noodles with the savory sauce and lots of seafood! Joe's is a great place in Chinatown worth checking out!
THE place to get soup dumplings in the city. Super cheap eats. Nothing I can say here that others have not already mentioned.Definitely get the pork dumplings, crab dumplings, and the scallion pancakes (very crispy, a tad greasy but delish!)
Very good, and very greasy Chinese food. Great complimentary tea as well.The soup dumplings were phenomenal, full of broth, and meat; a very savory dish.Pan fried noodles were also great, very tasty, decent amount of meat and veggies, and noodles were perfect.Cheap, but good Chinese food. If you're in China Town and having a hankering for some MSG laden food (just kidding), then Joe's is a great spot, especially if you want to try some awesome soup dumplings that actually have a ton of soup in them.
Don't take cash. Delicious 小笼包！ great for a cold weather! Cozy atmosphere! Very packed tho! Will come back again!
My family and I got lucky and the line was not long when we arrived around 2:00 pm, there is usually a long line outside.    The food was good - just good/decent, the overrated xia long bao are no way near as good as dim tai dings.  If you come here, just try the xia long bao and not the other entree dishes.  My family and I just arrived from miami, and we went straight to China town to get our late lunch at joe Shanghai following a friends recommendation. We were hungry after a long day journey but did not find the food as good as the other yelp reviews.  Get prepared for decent food.  The service was impeccably rude, and most of the time felt like the waiters were trying to kick us out of the restaurant to admit others.  Even when we were done ordering and done eating, the waiters did not give us a good impression/service.If I go back to New York City chinatown, I would try out other restaurants and definitely another place for xia long bao.
DUDES... this place is pretty awesome!! (for the soup dumpling that is)Okay, the only thing that I come here for is the soup dumplings. I liked both the crab and beef soup dumplings but my friends had mixed reviews. One preferred the crab while the other preferred the beef. Regardless, the soup dumplings were all very good. Apparently the "correct" way to eat these things are to first pour the balsamic vinegar in the small dish and let the soup dumpling rest in there until it cools a bit. Then you take it out and put it in your mouth. However for those people who are impatient (like me), you would just poke a hole in the dumpling with your chopsticks and let the broth fill the spoon. The waiters are kind of funny because they're rude without knowing it. Sometimes they're snappy but overall they're just busy people. I remember I asked the waiter if they accepted $50 dollar bills and he just gave me a weird face and walked away. lol. The most interesting thing about this place is that you are 90% likely to sit with other people. The place is always packed and so they make you sit with other people.  When I went here for the first time, I had to sit with 2 other families and it was mad weird. But when our food came out, everyone was just minding their own business so it was fine. 5 stars for the price/quality of what you get for it! (This is irrelevant but I can totally picture the chinese mafia owning this restaurant. I can picture a bunch of cigarette smoking gangsters playing poker in the back of this joint, I guess something similar to Rush hour)Anyways... check this place out!
If you ever visit NYC Chinatown, this is one restaurant you must try before you leave. The soup dumplings are one of a kind and absolutely delicious. I've been getting my fix here for the past 15+ years and the only thing that's changed is the increasing size of the crowd waiting outside the restaurant for a seat inside. The wait can be up to an hour on some evenings, but people wait in the rain, snow, boiling heat, or deep freeze all the same. Inside, the restaurant is not fancy by any means, feels more like a crowded canteen with lots of waiters running around serving up trays after trays of the juicy soup dumplings, for which Joe's is famous. The wait staff are very mechanical about it. Usually as soon as you are led to a table and sit down, the waiter will ask if you want the soup dumplings before you even pick up the menu. Since the soup dumplings are the main attractions, it's a safe assumption that it will be a default position for any patrons. Unless you're a big group, most tables are shared between random strangers and there are letter cards on the table differentiating the bills. It might feel slightly awkward and uncomfortable at first but as soon as the steaming dumplings are on the table, you'll promptly forget about the others. Once in a while, you'll even meet some interesting people from interesting places. The whole restaurant runs like a well-oiled machine, getting people in and out as fast as their steamers can produce the soup dumplings. You will feel a bit rushed during the prime lunch/dinner times, but it's understandable given the size of the crowd waiting outside. PS - The restaurant accepts cash only, so be sure to hit the ATM before getting in queue.
Your two best xiao long baos(soup dumplings) in NY would be here and the one in flushing called Nan Xiang. I've been a fan here for years, strictly only coming here just for the crab&pork soup dumplings. If you refer back to my Shanghai Asian Cuisine review(which is sister to Shanghai Asian Manor) you'll understand why.The rest of the food here pretty much SUCKS... besides their braised slice beef from the cold appetizer section.. I love getting that too. Other than that, pass on the wait if it's long and you're really hungry. Come here if you're just craving to snack on soup dumplings. I'm always lucky and never had to wait more than half an hour for seats anyways. Their crabmeat&pork is the best one in the game IMO, and I'm only talking about that specific soup dumpling... Theirs is filled with so much crab you could really taste it compared to other spots! Hard to decide how to rate this, if they should get 3 or 4 stars ...?
Joe's Shanghai is one of those places that I sit around at home thinking about and wishing that they were located in Montreal. One of the dangers of pining over a restaurant for so long is that you build it up in your head so much that when you get there you can be disappointed. I'm pleased to report that this was not the case!Our first stop after arriving in NYC was lunch at Joe's Shanghai. We arrived just before the lunch rush and were seated immediately. For those who are unfamiliar be prepared to make new friends over lunch as you will be seated at one of their large round tables which you will share with various others groups depending upon the size of your party. There were two kinds of soup dumplings on the menu, pork and crab.We ordered one of each and nothing else. The soup dumplings are what this place is famous for and although they have lots of other great stuff on the menu we had a lot of other things to eat in NYC and needed to save space. I've yet to find another restaurant that can match the soup dumplings at Joe's. For those who have not experienced a soup dumpling before it is a dumpling filled with HOT soup. You need to handle them delicately so as they do not burst before you get them on on your spoon.
The key to getting a quick table at an in-demand hole in the wall in Manhattan? Simply go in the middle of a weekday during a freezing snow storm, duh! My tourist friends and I were in the mood for some piping hot soup dumplings to melt our snowman layers and turn us into humans again. Luckily, there was no line and we were seated right away at a table for 5... we didn't even have to share with anyone! We knew we wanted soup dumplings, and we got the chicken and the pork. I liked the flavor of the chicken much more than the pork. We also ordered the scallion pancakes (absolutely delish), and took the waiter's suggestion on a dry fried beef dish that I would have never ordered myself, but really enjoyed as a nice contrast to the dumplings. It's always fun to introduce people to soup dumplings for the first time. My friends had a blast perfecting their bite and suck strategies and it was a great meal to fill us up on a winter day so that we could go back out and brave the elements. Highly recommend, but don't know if I'd stand in line for hours for it as others claim to have done at busy times!
I am completely shocked and perplexed as to how this place has a 4 star yelp status. I thought this place must be good as the first time I tried to get in there was a crowd of people outside (both Chinese and not). I say this because being Asian, we can nip out the good from the bad. There was also a 20 minute minimum waiting time. Homie don't play that...So I got here another time where there was no wait. Weeeeee I was execited. Well, Joe's is the epitome of a tourist trap. I think 5 people must've said this place was really good, and the sheep of society followed because nothing about this place was extraordinary. Once inside, if you're not with a large party, expect to sit at a table with a bunch of strangers. Ok, that's fine but now I guess my party and I will order less to accommodate room for other people's food at our table. Service was rushed and they never came back to check if we were good, wanted water, or were still alive at the minimum.  Total dumpling sweatshop factory. While I agree the soup dumplings are exceptional, as they are super juicy and flavorful, anything outside of that was mediocre to not so good (fried quail, pan fried noodles with shrimp, scallion pancakes, etc.) I have zero desire to come back here and sit with strangers in a cramped space to eat dumplings.
Even weeknights, dinner still means a full house, so arrive early to avoid a wait. (Or have someone hold a table early, like we did!) Service is fast, and their kitchen's even faster, so you probably won't be waiting too long. (Stare at their accouterments while you wait, then give the stinkeye to slow eaters.)Besides sipping tasty tea (or a beer), stuff yourselves full of Shanghainese dumplings, and - don't hate me - ask for a plate of General Tso's (#82 on the menu). Oddly, that chicken dish is quite good, yet their so-called Szechuan-style string beans fell short, coming out as spicy as breast milk.UPDATE: Turns out those string beans aren't supposed to be hot! Shows what I know.
Every time I visit New York I try my hardest to come here. The food is great, and of course you get the soup dumplings which are so hard to find anywhere else in the States. The black mushrooms and the mushu pork were wonderful!! I wish the place would be a little cleaner...but I'll forgive since the food is good.
I would give 5 stars but they only take cash, like many places in chi town. Food is great. Soup dumplings are excellent. Joe ginger and Joe's Shanghai seem to be the same place. A bit confusing, but who cares. Food is good.
Joe's Shanghai is one of my favorite places in NYC.  I always go here.  The soup dumplings are out of this world!  I also recommend the chicken with broccoli and crispy shredded beef.  The soup dumplings are the star though and worth the trip to Chinatown and worth the inevitable line.  I spent the summer in Shanghai and didn't find soup dumplings that I enjoyed as much as these.
First place to eat when we visited Chinatown. This place came highly recommended by mrs so I had to try. We arrived a few minutes after noon on a Thursday and we were sitted right away in a big round table with couple of other diners. we ordered two types of dumplings. the pork and shrimp one def had more flavor, but overall they were tasty and delicious. tasted a bit more greasy than the other XLBs I had, so had to cleanse my palate with some hot tea. Overall left feeling satisfied.
Going to join in on the hype and say that the crab soup dumplings here are the best I've had in the states. The pungent flavor of crab intestines really comes through, whereas I've found at other places that it's hard to distinguish the crab from the pork soup dumplings. In my experience, this location does a much more consistent job of providing fresh batches of dumplings versus the Midtown location. If you come at an off-peak time, the wait is very reasonable. We arrived around 5pm on a weekday, pre-dinner rush, and waited less than 10 minutes. Focus on the soup dumplings and order other dishes as sides, since everything else is pretty run-of-the-mill.
So much for keeping kosher Joe's Shanghai definitely lives up to all the hype. I can't think of anything more satisfying than a hot, soupy dumpling on a rainy NYC day. Even with a super packed house, I was seated immediately and served just as quick! If dumplings aren't your thing,  they should be! A must eat in NYC:)
Friggin' yes. Give me another helping. And another. Please.I haven't screwed up ordering at this restaurant yet, honestly, which is to say randomly picking dishes here actually goes well. Everything is delicious. The soup dumpings make my mouth water just thinking about them, and the pork fried rice.... Yessss. I even brought family members from Shanghai, and they said that the food here was surprisingly close.I've only gone here for lunch, but the wait is routinely around half an hour or more, even at late-ish hours of the day. You will be seated better if you have a party of one or two. You will probably be seated with strangers. Get to know them; it'll make the meal more fun. The restaurant is cramped and above all, very busy. The store is well-staffed though, and if you order quickly, you will get your food surprisingly quickly. Plus, even when I tried to run up the bill, I haven't been able to break $10/person. Impressive value.Bring cash. Wait. Eat well. Enjoy.
After reading reviews about this place, the long wait on the street just to try their food was not worth it. 40 minute wait, and service was horrible. They rush your order as soon as you sat down. The tables were very close to each other and the place is pack. We didn't even get a chance to open the menu. And they rush us.. The pan fry dumplings was not fully cook. We order the Xiao ling bao, with crab meat and it did not meet our expectations.
My review here is long overdue, but this place definitely lives up to the hype, and is one of my must visit places when I'm in NYC. Like most other popular places in Chinatown, be prepared for the wait and the rushed and lackluster service from the waiters. Typically the average wait for this location is 40 minutes to an hour for a party of four, and definitely longer for larger groups, smaller parties of 2 get seated with a wait of 20-30 minutes, as like most busy Asian establishment your party will share a large table with other parties. The must have dishes here are of course the pork soup dumplings, crab & pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and potstickers. Many people that come here tend to compare Joe's Shanghai's soup dumplings to Din Tai Fung's and I have to say Joe's Shanghai's are superior to DTF's as they are much more affordable and definitely don't skimp on the soup inside. The food comes out quickly and since all the waiters are super busy waiting on multiple parties at multiple tables be aware that they sometimes mix up orders, but don't be afraid to correct them even if they seem pushy or adamant they are correct. This place is definitely work the wait, and incredibly budget friendly with the amount of food that you get. Don't forget this place is CASH ONLY.
This place was highly recommended on Yelp...the food was good and potions were generous.  Dumplings plus two dishes were more than enough for three with plenty left over (general tso's chicken and Shanghai thick noodles).Notice that there is a 15% service charge added to your bill already.  Also they brought a wrong rice dish to our table, we didn't notice and started eating it and then they came and took the dish away...who does that???
Establishments like this don't really need anymore good reviews. It could get a string of one star reviews and It would make me happy because there might not be any of you waiting for a seat when I get there. Although it's a family seating environment and they would sit us at the same table up to 8. And I wouldn't even notice you because the service is so quick the food comes out so fast by the time you turn around there is something on the table.Soon as you sit down order dumplings it's their calling card. Follow up with some cold sesame noodles with bean curd and broccoli. Gratuity is included so don't beat yourself up. Vegetarian heaven too. A lot of tourist and college kids but it's on a very interesting corner with a cinematic vibe.
Busy busy busy. Feels like Hong Kong. Xiao Long Bao is cheap and pretty good; a little too oily for my taste but not overly so. 8 for ~$8.
Soup dumplings! That's all you need to know. Seriously.I've been here a number of times and that's all I remember ordering. The rest of the menu is okay. Not memorable for me.They have pork dumplings and pork and crab dumplings. I like the pork and crab better, but we usually end up getting several orders of both. They are delicious, hot, steamy, and delicate! There's a clear separation of those who know how to eat soup dumplings and those who don't. Since this place gets a lot of tourists, it can be rather entertaining to watch others attempt to eat them properly.  Since you'll probably be sharing a table with a bunch of strangers anyway. Tip: DON'T just reach in and try to nab one with your chopsticks! Have your spoon out in the other hand, ready to catch the dumpling so the bottom doesn't break. You're welcome.Service is typical of Chinatown, which is to say that there's barely any.
Last week, my boyfriend, friends and I went to a horrific Shanghainese restaurant called 456 Shanghai Cuisine and ate unpleasing soup dumplings. I always wanted to try Joe's Shanghai and tonight my boyfriend and my best friend decided to go eat. I love trying food with them, because they're opened to trying most new places and food as well!It was semi-busy when we got there around 6PM. I was still a little stuffed from my lunch, but I had room for a light dinner. We had three bamboo steamers of soup dumplings. We had two pork soup dumplings and one crab & pork dumplings.The soup dumplings were voluptuous, plump, delicious, hot, and heavenly! These were about the standard size of a typical soup dumpling. As soon as the soup dumplings came, I was breathing in that heavenly scent of soup dumplings. It felt as if I was getting a facial. Any way, there was real meat inside and broth was just excellent! I took my sweet time savoring it!  The crab & pork soup dumpling was a little mediocre because we didn't really taste the soup. I'm not sure where it went. We had two plates of scallion pancake. It was golden brown, crispy, crunchy, and I felt as if I was getting a foodgasm because it was one of the best scallion pancakes I ever had. We also got a plate of beef fried noodles. I am not sure if that's the actual name, but I couldn't quite finish my portion cause it was so fattening and so much noodles! I almost fell into food coma because of the food, my boyfriend and my best friend just kept piling food on my soup spoon and plate. Thanks a lot guys!Overall, a great dinner experience with top-notch service and dirt cheap! The total came out to $44.23, which isn't bad because we had 2 plates of scallion pancake, 3 plates of soup dumpling, 5 cans of soda, and 1 plate of noodles! Great food and Great company, really go hand in hand. It's been a while since I came upon a great restaurant in Chinatown, but I've got to say Joe's Shanghai won my heart. I will definitely return here! Yay for Joe's Shanghai!
I thought this restaurant was overrated... It's located in the center of Chinatown in Manhattan and attracts mostly tourists looking for what they assumed as "authentic Chinese food." The restaurant is overly crowded to fit as many tables as they can in the limited space. Service was not impressive.. Your typical Chinese waiters. Good wise, we had 2 different kinds of soup dumplings: crab and pork. They weren't spectacular but weren't bad. We also had fried pancake which was pretty bland. That's about as Chinese as you get. Rest of the menu are your typical Chinese American items like general tso chicken etc.
The soup dumplings were really good.  Such good pork flavor.  Very fun to eat.  Scallion pancake was really good.  Crispy beef good as well.  Will definitely be back for the soup dumplings.
Soup Dumplings are on point. Would go there again for that. Sadly, I also got their seafood pan fried noodle and was disappointed to see it made differently than with yellow noodles. It also lacked some flavor. How we we also had the seafood flat noodle and that was delicious!
I always love coming to this spot. The dumplings are definitely great but I am only giving a 3 stars because of the cleanliness. I alway thinks if the carpet is dirty and the tables are super clean that the kitchen maybe a little dirty too! Hmmm.. I only wonder. Anyways I do enjoy the fried beef with white rice. Even though it's not super healthy it's definitely delicious. Also, don't expect to sit by yourself as this is community seating. It's really fine for me but you can't really have a deep conversation bc I'm sure everyone else is listening at the table.
This time I tried stuff other than the soup dumplings, and they were great! Try the fish- delicious!
After having Din Tai Fung soup dumplings in Hong Kong, I thought there was no way I could find a better soup dumpling/XLB out there... Joe's Shanghai proved me wrong. This place is more affordable and by far more authentic, despite attracting the same amount of tourist popularity. Expect a wait, and expect to be crammed at a large table with other patrons if you only have 2-4 people in your group. The food comes pretty quickly, but don't expect attentive service here, which is typical of any busy Asian establishment. The scallion pancakes are really good. Crispy on the outside, chewy inside, and not too oily. Very flavorful, and the pancake itself is thick. You get a generous portion of soup dumplings for the price, and each dumpling has SO MUCH soup in it... much more than in the XLB from Din Tai Fung. We also ordered the pork with eggplant dish, which was delicious - make sure you get a bowl or two of white rice to go with this. All in all, an affordable and extremely satisfying meal. Definitely stop by if you are in the area and looking to fulfill a XLB craving.
You come here for the crab & pork steam buns/ soup dumplings. I also recommend Shanghai flat noodle, string bean szechuan style with pork and the scallion pancakes. There's much more on the menu and it's quality Chinese, not that greasy take out. The atmosphere is noisy, you'll sit with strangers and it's crowded as hell but just remember to order the steam buns and you won't mind it a bit.
What can I say? I've been coming here since I was a kid. Obviously, the pork soup dumplings are a must. I've found their flat noodles a bit too doughy though, and I've had better scallion pancakes in Brooklyn, but it's always a fun time.The worst part is definitely the wait. Ten years ago, you could just walk in and be seated immediately. Ah, simpler times.
The first question they ask is, "Do you want dumplings first?" I tried to rephrase it to mean what would you like to drink, but couldn't figure out a way so I just repeated the question to him. He said yes, our dumplings are our specialty.So yes, get the dumplings. Then, decide what you would like to drink. Hot tea is standard.We had the crispy turnip cakes as an appetizer. Really well done strips of turnip inside, crispy outside. Highly recommended with hot sauce.The dumplings actually exceeded expectations which is saying a lot because I have been to quite a few very good dumpling houses in LA and Flushing. This one had the right flavor without being overly oily.We also had eggplant with garlic sauce and pork. Large chunks of fluffy eggplant. I have been trying to make eggplant for ages and have never quite mastered it, so I can appreciate a good eggplant.Minus one star for the dirty, dirty walls. There was food splatter everywhere.
It was a bit challenging finding this place because it was in the depths of China town. Let me go straight to the point! Very busy SMALL Chinese restaurant that's serves dumplings and several Chinese cuisine! Food taste good and price was reasonable! My only problem was the tables were so close to each other it makes you feel claustrophobic! Although the food taste good I only gave it 2 starts because I'm very very CRITICAL when it comes to CUSTOMER SERVICE!! Staff was rude in a way and when you're seated they rush to take your orders right away. The server we had knew little of the English language and he was very rude and aggressive. When the food was served not even 10 minutes you are given the check right away. It seems like they care more about your money than providing an extraordinary customer service experience. There are pictures of Celebrities around the restaurant who has been there before but don't be fooled because the service you will get will not be as close to those former VIP guest.
Might as well be inedible. The service included an inefficient hostess, a throw the menu on the table waiter and a money hungry waiter who yelled " time to collect the money" and then not give us change. I wouldn't have mind the change if he haven't make such a remark so loudly. In addition the place was super loud so I had trouble  hear myself the whole time. For starters we got the shredded pork and pickled cabbage soup. There were not cabbage in the soup -_-  and too much gross tasting pork. Tasted like pork and some weird pickle boiled in msg water. Now for the star of the show, their most prized dish, soup dumplings... We got both varieties the pork soup dumplings and the crab meat soup dumpling. First of all, the wrapping of the soup dumplings were tough, sticky and way to thick but even so they manage to have almost all of them leaking. The pork soup dumplings were almost flavorless with the remainder of the filling. And the crab meat soup dumpling tasted and smelled like rotten seafood being masked with pork... It stunk so bad I gagged and thought I was going to throw up. So thank god for the oranges they provide at the end of the meal since I couldnt get rid of the taste regardless of how much tea I've gulped down afterwards.
Rude service..but with food this great..who gives a damn! Definitely worth the 40 min wait.
Joe's Shanghai Restaurant has won many awards, and currently has three locations (Chinatown, Midtown Manhattan, and Flushing, Queens).  When we ventured to their Chinatown location, we realized just how popular they are. A huge crowd waited outside the packed restaurant. It's rare to see this kind of line outside of weekend brunch time, Shake Shack, Ippudo NY for ramen, or Grimaldi's under the Brooklyn Bridge. New Yorkers don't usually like to wait for their food. It's gotta be really good to be worth the wait. At Joe's Shanghai, they wait.When you're first seated at one of their communal tables, the first thing they ask is if you want the soup dumplings. I guess it takes a bit longer to prepare, so they want to get that order out of the way :) We tried their crab and pork ones (technically called "steamed buns" on the menu). They were so delicious and definitely a fun experience to eat. The pork was juicy and the crab flavor was prevalent throughout the broth. I would have happily placed an additional order for more of these. Definitely next time!We also ordered their scallion pancakes, which were crisp, chewy, flavorful, and just slightly greasy. Definitely a good choice as a starter. As our main dish, we tried their sesame chicken. It was the crispiest sesame chicken I've ever had (which is worth noting as the sauce usually makes it soggy), but it was a bit overcooked and dry on the inside. Fortunately, the sauce was tasty, and steamed white rice and broccoli came free with our meal. Overall, this is a fun spot to enjoy Chinese food in Chinatown (a balance of "real" Chinese food and "American" Chinese food), the prices aren't bad although the wait can be. Definitely worth stopping by to try their fabulous soup dumplings!
The BEST xiao long bao ever!! Steaming hot, juicy, soupy dumplings!! The original was great but the crab XLB was even better!! Too many good stuff going on in my mouth for one bite!....So good!!
Wow.Under presented place but these are quite often the best.we were not disappointed. Quick service, friendly staff and totally vibing, packed to the rafters.The pork dumplings were amazing, spring roll great, chicken and corn soup tasty and hot, the friend rice great and the chicken we had with Veges was awesome.Hearty, tasty and well worth it. Best I've had in Chinatown NY.
Four words: Crab Xiao Lum Bao.  People rave about the pork only version, but I come here for the crab version. It's the pork version with added crab meat and crab roe.  It's rich and decadent.  If you have a cholesterol problem, I would stray away from these.They come out oozing hot, but the child in me cannot wait to devour these dumplings, and I end up burning my tongue every time.  It is so worth it!Joe Shanghai is a must!
Place is $ cash only. One round of pork dumplings,  one round of crab dumplings, and a fried pancake, total of $22.15 after tax, before tip. Pork dumplings are no better, or worse than other dumpling houses near by, same goes for the fried pancake. We went on a Friday before closing (didn't have to wait to be seated, but me and my wife shared a table w/ others). It was pretty busy even as we left at 11pm. Typical Chinatown service.
Clearly very famous for their soup dumplings.  Took a while to get seated due to many customers and restaurant being fully occupied, but it was worth the wait.   The server took our orders very quickly and the wait was short for how busy it was.  The dumplings had a hot and delicious broth inside and was complemented well with the soy/vinegar sauce.  A very good spot to warm your soul and fill your stomach during cold weather!!
Recently came here a few mins before it opened and seated ourselves. We ordered the pork and crab one and this time I preferred the pork. The crab had a very strong "roe" taste to it. The skin on the dumplings was super thick too. So disappointed, at least it was very cheap.
First off: Soup dumplings.  Seriously don't even pretend that you are going to pass on the soup dumplings.  They are little pouches of happiness.I love how no-nonsense Joe's Shanghai is.  You are seated quickly along with other strangers and the numerous staff will whisk you effortlessly through dinner (but don't expect pleasant conversation with your waiter).The reason why this place is so high energy is because they know what they are doing and the confidence is evident in the delicious food.Can't beat the price, either.I love you, Joe's.
I don't know why I haven't reviewed this place. I come here enough. Why visit Joe's Shanghai? Soup Dumplings of course! Whenever I get my dumpling crave (which doesn't happen very often) this place immediately comes to mind. Important things you should know before coming ...1. Expect a long line! Like outside the restaurant type line. I've been here multiple times and noticed that the line gets worse as evening approaches. I must say it moves very quickly though. 2. Tables are shared with strangers. Very seldom have I gotten a table for my party alone. The first time I came here, I thought it was a little awkward but it's not so bad. Just enjoy the food  and you might meet some interesting folks while you're at it. 3. The place is cash only! There are several different banks in the area though. 4. The place had a "C" rating at one point. Not sure if they still do, hopefully not. There's a website where you can check the reasons behind the rating and this restaurant had violations for food temperature mostly. It was a sigh of relief that the violations weren't for more serious reasons. Otherwise, I might just think twice before coming here.I highly recommend this place! Don't forget to try to soup dumplings!!
The service was mediocre. They rushed us to choose quickly. The pancake was soggy and tasted terrible. The pork+ crab soup dumplings don't taste really good. I feel like I can find frozen Xiao long bao and make it taste the same as the ones they serve, this is probably full of msg.
Can't find a place like this no where but New York In China town ! Wish I lived closer .
We were on a hunt for dim sum. Thought this was the place, but it wasnt. So we sat and decided to eat anyways. LIttle did we know, we hit the jackpot!!! we got soup dumplins, pan fried dumplings and a pancake. BEST soup dumplings EVER! The price made this yummy dumpling even better! This place is exactly what you think when you think chinatown. Everyone we dont know is sitting together around the same table. Its packed, so service may not be the best. The vibe was awesome and so was the food. Im definately going back nex time!
4 stars for the soup dumplings alone.  1 star removed for the rest of the food, which is standard Chinese fare that you can get anywhere else.  I've tried soup dumplings all over Chicago, New York, and LA.  Kind of obsessed with the little things.  I spent a whole day in Shanghai walking all over the city just trying local shops.  There are two types if I'm not mistaken.  Tang baos and the original XLB's.  XLB's tend to have thicker skin and less soup  Tang baos are thin skinned and have more soup, a variation on the original.The dumplings here are more like the Tang Bao style.  They are large, thin-skinned, translucent, dumplings with tons of flavorful soup and well marinated meat.  They are delicious with both crab roe and without.  I love these things.  Most people complain that they aren't like original XLB's but there are two variations and people just need to get their knowledge straight.  I've been to DTF in LA (not Taipei which I heard is 10x better) and the DTF in LA has some super small, thick skinned, no soup dumplings with bland meat filling.  Not even close to the same flavor explosion you get here.I miss these dumplings when I'm not in New York and always make it a mission to stop by and get some whenever I go back.  Also, if there's a wait, try out Shanghai cafe just a few minutes away.  They also make some awesome Tang bao style dumplings with literally half the wait.  If you are going for soup dumplings, you want dumplings with tons of soup.  Why else would you get it instead of just grabbing regular dumplings elsewhere?  Soup makes the difference, and Joe Shanghai does it right.
Their soup dumplins are the best, I we also had the friend rice and General Tso's chicken. Best Chinese I've ever had in the USA. Worth the short wait, takes only cash.
Good soup dumplings. There is long lines. You need to go either before 11am or after 2 pm if you don't want to wait.
I used to be a frequent flyer here, I would just stop in and have an order of the soup dumplings. Lately I've noticed the skin has become thicker and it's just not the same... I don't recommend that you get any other dish here, they're standard Chinese take out items.
I absolutely love the xiao long bao here!! It was very soupy inside the dumpling. I really don't enjoy the part where we had to share tables with other customers though..
This place is not hard to miss. There wasn't a long line when we went (around 8pm on a Saturday night) but we waited at least 20 minutes to be seated. It was so crowded that they will seat you in a big table with other people you don't know. It was also stuffy. I couldn't breath that good.We ordered the famous Xiao Long Bao (pork and crab) - which was the best dumplings I've ever had! Soooo good I wanted more!!! I also love the yang chow (spelling?) that we ordered. The prices were also cheap. Prepare to bring cash. They only accept cash.
This place was very good. The lo mein noodles weren't anything special, but the General Tso's chicken were definitely the best I've had. I would recommend getting that. They also give you some complimentary oolong tea.
I went to This restaurant today with my cousin and i had an amazing experience! We ordered The pork soup dumpings mushu pork and Hong Kong style noodles! Very friendly employees and amazing food! This is a must have place in new York!
First the good part - the Dumplings are very good, no question. But, you will be better off just eating that. We ordered Lo mein chicken noodles and Salt and Pepper shrimp (shell-off). There was intense chlorine smell off the shrimps. There was barely any flour coating on the shrimp. At best, it was mediocre tasting. I could have had great salt and pepper shrimp at my local PF Changs which is far far better. Lo mein noodles didn't even have enough salt. My local Chinese restaurant makes it much better.This place has become a tourist trap. Lines are long, it took us 20 minutes to get in. Service was fast, which is good. The nearby 456 restaurant has much better food and cleaner environment. Go for the dumplings, which are some of the best in Chinatown. Everything else, meh!!
The famous Joe's Shanghai. Great xiao long baos (soup dumplings). Loved that they're served with the huge pieces of cabbages in the bamboo baskets to help retain even more moisture and flavor. The flavors are exquisite and you really should each order at least one serving for yourself because eff sharing.Unfortunately, that's the only thing good about this place so I have mixed emotions and a review for this place. On the one hand, the XLBs are great and you got to try them if you can. On the other, the wait is always at least for 30 minutes and seriously, everything else on the menu is lacking in flavor and attention. So I will include this in both my must try and over hyped lists for NYC.
Literally the best Chinese food I've ever had. Out of all the resturants in the nearby vicinity this was the only place with a line & a wait outside. Wait time was about 20 minutes but we'll worth it. Ordered the pork dumplings and they were incredible.. a mix between a soup and a dumpling!  Great for groups, just plan to wait to be seated.
Overrated, overpriced, overpacked, over-rude, and over a dirty and busy street!Seriously, this place is considered one of the best in town?? For what??Many starts ate there? Cool, they probably haven't be treated as we did, and maybe they received some special dishes form the kitchen.I love Chinese food and Chinese culture, but the manners is this restaurants should be upgraded to a civilized American restaurant
I have been living in NYC for five years and this is the first time that I have tried this place.  My first thought, is that its WAY overhyped.  I came here today not even really at a real meal time and it was still packed mid afternoon. I ordered the pork soup dumplings and even at first glance, they are smaller than others in the area, not as fluffy, and honestly kinda sad looking .  Upon trying them they were ok, a tiny portion of meat in each bun with hot soup around it.  I ordered two portions of the soup dumplings, 16 in total and shared them.  I also ordered a scallion pancake which was pretty good.  All in al, ive been to better places that have soup dumplings, this place has the fame in the name so I guess thats why it continues to be popular. Ill give it three stars because the prices were pretty decent and they waiters are english speaking and speed effecient.
What can I say about joes Shanghai. It's definitely and experience. From the round communal tables were you sit with random strangers, to the tinny little street it sits in. The dumplings are to die for. The best Chinese in NYC. So many things on their menu are absolutely delicious. From the fried beef to the noodles. You really can't go wrong with joes. Staff is nice.There attentive. You get your order pretty quick and their always around in case you need something. A must for any foodie or anyone visiting NYC.
This place was on my "must go to" on my NY Foodie excel spread sheet. Pros:- amazing pork soup dumplings- delicious scallion pancakes - authentic chinese food- cheap!- great sauce too!Cons:- cash only- small restaurant- probably going to be sharing a table with other folks at a large table- service is a hit or missOverall: 4 stars. i went here three times during my visit to NYC and liked it every time. However, the last two times I went there they kept running into my chair because the place was so small. I would guess they ran into the leg of the chair about 8-10 times  Kind of annoying when you are trying to focus how you were going to strategically place this amazing soup dumpling on your spoon, then as you carefully move it to your small bowl of sauce to soak, and then slowly sipping on the soup until it cools down...haha you get the point.Unfortunately they do not take reservation so get there as early as you can. We got there right before noon on both days and did not have to wait at all, definitely made my meal that much more enjoyable. Also, remember that this is cash only and that they automatically add 15% tip to your check!
One of the best Chinese restaurants in the city, but make sure to come with a small party or get ready to wait!  It's also best to come on a Monday evening to avoid the swarm of people. Here are some must eats:1.  Soup dumplings (order them the second you sit down)2.  Scallion pancakes (the best in the city)3.  Shanghai flat noodles with pork4.  Beef with scallionsAs a general note the restaurant circles all of their best and most popular dishes, so just stick with those because the chef knows best!
Delicious Xiao long baos! Unique restaurant where there are about ten large round tables and you sit with strangers. Fun and loud. Definitely good for large groups! We wanted to grab a bite right before our bus to d.c. so got an order of crab and pork xiao long baos. The dumpling skins are chewey and thick enough to hold the rich soup /juiice. Delicious! They only take cash and tip (14%) is already included in your bill - fyi for those who did not read the sign by the door ;)
Had to try this place because many of my friends told me too.Holy cow.  These dumplings are amazing.  Totally worth the hype.  Get the ones with crab!!!The other dishes also looked really good, but seemed expensive.Be prepared to possibly share a table with strangers if you're in a small party (2 people).
PROS:-crab Xiao long baoCONS:- You must have everyone in your party present in order to get seated. I am little annoyed at this. Even if the majority came you can't be seated until everyone is there. Such a strict rule too. See my grandparents are old so they take a longer time to walk to get there so they wouldn't seat us until everyone is there. By the time my grandparents came, the table was gone. - Also be prepared to share tables with other people if your party is small.
The Crab XLB was amazing.  I think it was #1 on the menu.The other dishes were ok.....I have to agree with many of the reviewers.  1. It is a tourist trap. 2. Service is mediocre 3. The wait (1 hour and a half for us) was not worth it.  If you have time, head over to Flushing for some better Chinese food.
Xiao long bao lives up to the billing.  I ordered the pork shoulder and must admit it was super tender and incredibly tender.  the portion size could have easily could have served 2-3 guests.  the wait may be 20-40 minutes but that is the norm and the staff does a great job of moving things along without really rushing the customers.  Highly recommended.
The soup dumplings are amazing here. They definitely remind me of Din Tai Fung (I've only had it in Southern California). It's hard to describe the experience of eating a good soup dumpling. In quick summary, you put some of the dark vinegar thing on your soup spoon, pick up a dumpling with chopsticks and place it on the spoon, nibble part of the soup dumpling, drink up the warm soup, eat the rest of the dumping, then repeat. One order of the dumplings can be enough for one person's meal. If sharing one order, then another dish should probably be ordered if you want to be satiated at this place. The wait staff knows this is what you want to order--it's even circled on the menu. I think number 9 is what you want.If you're alone of in a party of 2-4, you will probably share a big circular table with other people. I want to give this place 4 stars, but they made it a little awkward that I was a single diner.
Indeed is all about the soup dumplings. HmmMmmmm I can go for some right now. It'll warm up this popsicle body of mine!A bit hard to find and community tables can throw people off, but endure the wait! It's worth it. I was always told that I had to try their dumplings (I was never specifically told it was a soup dumpling) so in my mind I'm like what's so special about another dumpling, but yes soup dumplings are a unique invention.First you take a bite off the top exterior of the dumpling. Second you taste some of that savory broth. Third you pour in some vinegar sauce and chow down!Let's refocus! Our group of 5 also ordered their shanghai noodles, bean curd, and kung pao chicken. Everything was flavorful and tasty! Extremely enjoyed all of it and love that the chicken in the kung pao were small vs the naturally large sizes they often come in.Worth the wait! P.s. service sub-par. They seriously want you in and out especially when it's really busy.
Just got done eating here and they are SHADY AS FUCK!!!!! Our total bill was less than $32.50. We gave them $40 and they kept the change. We told them we want change back and they said "u said no change".... Uh, no. If I said that then I wouldn't be expecting any change would I? Dumb ass. They brought our change back and I guess they didn't know I understand Chinese so they started talking shit about us. Also, the change they brought back was $3 less than what they owed us. They definitely didn't deserve the 25% tip they stole from us.Food is ok. Service is so bad and waiters need to learn how to speak English. Any English. Shady ass people. Will not come back. My advice would be bring small cash ($1 or $5) if you decide to give it a try. Don't expect them to give you your change back.
Believe the hype! I've been to the Joe's on W. 56th, but there's no place like the original on Pell. I've never waited outside a restaurant to get in. This night, we waited an hour and a half...in a drizzle...and it was way more than worth it. Why? Two words: soup dumplings! It's been said by many that Joe's makes the best soup dumplings in the world. And I'm one of those people. If you've never had one, imagine a pork dumpling. Huge. Soft (not the chunky dumplings that you get at your neighborhood Chinese restaurant). Now, when you bite into it a whole dumpling full of soup pours into your mouth (hopefully)! So after 2 big baskets of soup dumplings (we had a party of 5), we dug into some General Tso's chicken (awesome), Spicy Pepper Salt Prawns (amazing) Moo Shoo Pork (damn good) and Scallops and Prawns (mmmmmmm). Joe takes these classic Chinese restaurant staples to a whole new level. If you want a drink with dinner, they have beer and wine. If you're going for the wine, you have 2 choices: house red and house white. If you want rose, order half red/half white. Now, if you're hoping that this is a white tablecloth restaurant, keep hoping. This is a warm, inviting, packed place where you'll probably get to know the people at the tables next to you. You might feel like you're being rushed to eat and get out, but don't fall for that. Just take your time and enjoy some of the best Chinese food you'll ever eat - including the best soup dumplings you'll ever eat! The above is my opinion about Joe's. Now, I'll state a fact about Joe's. The night we went, it was cold and drizzling. Dozens of people were waiting in the cold rain to get in. Right across the street was another Chinese restaurant (afterall, this is Chinatown, Jake). Not only wasn't anyone waiting outside that restaurant, no one was in that restaurant. That should tell you all you need to know about Joe's.
BEST soup dumplings ever!Be prepared to wait when you come here. Its located in China town and there is always a long wait here, but it is well worth the wait. It looks like any standard Chinese rest., but it is anything but ordinary have the best soup dumplings ever. The pork and crab dumpling was our favorite. If you come here do yourself a favor and just get a bunch of those. I have had soup dumplings at other places (Din Tai Fung) but nothing compares to this place. Also another hyped up place in NYC but worth it!
Meh. we came here around 7:30 PM one night (Saturday) and the place was packed! I think we waited half an hour before deciding to go down the street to another restaurant, where we ate gleefully.We did come back Sunday night around 9 PM and were seated in 5 minutes. The place was still pretty busy, and we shared a table with other diners. We ordered two servings of pork soup dumplings, crab dumplings, the seasonal vegetables (pea sprouts), turnip turnovers, and a noodle soup.My family thought the dumplings were pretty good, but not worth waiting for. Crab dumplings were not as good. I thoroughly enjoyed my pea sprouts (which I always do) and we also added an order of fried green beans. Those were also very good. I didn't find the food too greasy at all. The only other thing I tried was the turnip pastries/turnovers. the pastry itself was really good. The filling would have been better, but it needed some salt. I was surprised they were under seasoned.Eh. Wouldn't waste my time coming back.
*2.5 Stars* After seeing people around me slurping up broth and biting into their steamy, plump, succulent soup dumplings, I couldn't wait to get my order. I guess it just wasn't what I expected after hearing so many great things about this place. My best friend and I got the pork and crab meat dumplings. The soup was greasy and the flavor was just so odd... it didn't taste anything like pork or crab meat. It kind of tasted 'old' and 'instant.' I liked the chewy texture of the dumpling skin but I couldn't get around the flavor of the meat or the thick oily broth.I really liked the Crispy Shredded Beef. Despite the strips of beef being mostly crunchy breading, it was sweet and fried and 10x better than the dumplings.We went around dinner time on a work night and thankfully didn't have to wait in line. We were seated immediately at a round table with some other folks, and although the place was pretty packed we were able to order, eat, and pay fairly quickly.
Wow, who knew soup dumplings could be this HUGE? Not as in the latest rage, but twice the size that I normally have?My friend and I have a love for xiao long bao, and we trekked through Chinatown for her favorite spot, Joe's Shanghai. It ended up being one of my favorite meals during my 4 day trip in NYC. She had told me there usually is a wait, but getting here around noon on a Saturday, we were seated right away. It's a pretty small restaurant, but has about 20 tables. What weirded me out at first was you share tables. So our table of 5 consisted of 2 parties of 2.We ordered the scallion pancake and the crab and pork meat soup dumplings. It took some time, but man was it worth the wait! The scallion pancake was PERECT. nicely fried, and not super thin like other places i've had. Ive only had pork XLB's, so the scent of the crab was not so pleasant to me (i like crab though). So I went ahead and ordered the pork ones. Exepct about 10-15 minute wait.These huge dumplings are oozing with soup and yummy pork filling. Since they're so big, I could not even finish the 8 pieces. I got to about 5, and by then, they were so cooled down that it didnt have that irresistible flavor to me as much anymore. I think if I ate them before the scallion pancake, I would've inhaled them all up like no thing. I believe a set of 8 ranges from $5 to $8 which is not bad! They only have the two options, and it's cash only.
The steamed buns are the only thing worth here. Too bad. The service is horrible. Not only the waiters barely speak English,  they toss the plates at you. By the way, the gratuity is included in you check. Will never return to such a place. Do you want to enjoy Joe's Shanghai? Order steam buns to go. Everything else is overrated.
Had to check it out about reading reviews online and in Yelp. I ordered pork soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. The scallion pancakes were surprisingly good, while the soup dumplings did live up to the hype. Expect a long wait if you eating in groups of 2 or more. It's also very cramped inside so they might places multiple groups in the same table.
One of the best xiao long bao in the city! Generally I'm not too impressed with NYC Chinatown dim sum places since I am from Vancouver. But when I am jonesjng for some good dumplings, I want to come here. Beware of the long lines, and the sharing of tables with strangers, if that kind of stuff bothers you.
Headline: Soup dumplings in a (kinda) dumpFood: Get the crab soup dumplings (amazing!) or steamed pork buns. I almost like the soup inside the dumpling itself....Atmosphere: No frills, cram as many tables in there as possibleService: A bit chaotic but relatively prompt
Have you ever heard that saying: "Americans created Chinese food" well that is EXACTLY what came to mind after eating at this establishment.I'm part Chinese so of course I've had a lot of authentic Chinese food and have pretty high expectations but unfortunately Joe's Shanghai did not meet those expectations.First of all, this restaurant has a B rating. Um...ew, why? I'm a nutrition/environmental science major and that just screams NOO to me right off the bat. So as soon as I saw that rating I already began to hold on to my fucking hat. I was so disappointed upon our food arriving to our table and was a little perplexed as to why this establishment has 4 stars from so many reviews. Perhaps my party and I just ordered the wrong dishes? The service was pretty average for a Chinese restaurant (meaning it was not that great & actually pretty forgettable) & there was a 45 minute wait but luckily we only waited 20 minutes. When we walked in we noticed the restaurant was PACKED. So crowded that they were even seating different parties at the same tables (sorry I'm from LA so that's not new nor is the hustle & bustle of a first world metropolitan to me but I found that even a little more annoying as I wasn't mentally prepared to share a conversation let alone let other people eavesdrop on mine lol) which is not cool in my book. Again, fortunately we were seated off to the side of the place at a table big enough for my party. We ordered immediately (having gone to these types of establishments many times before we already knew what cravings we wanted to satisfy) and the food came to us soon enough after. Boy were we disappointed..the seafood pan friend noodle dish was not what we had anticipated. The noodles they used were much different than the usual noodles that are usually used for that dish which made me feel like I had been eating the Viet styled pan fried noodle. Next, the spicy squid with salt (not sure that's what it reads on the menu) was not prepared to our liking..maybe that was our fault for not specifying? Lastly we also ordered the shrimp and noodle soup & when that arrived it honestly just looked & tasted like it was prepared by a man named Joe from Arkansas lol. It was NOT Chinese. Idk I guess we're just picky? The food was just so lackluster. Anyway, I'm glad this business is doing well but WE will definitely not be returning to this restaurant!
First time at Joe's Shanghai! I always go to Shanghai Cafe... but decided to switch it up to check out what all the rave was about. I heard the line to get in could take up to 2 hours! Luckily for my friend and I, we went on a Friday afternoon and got seated immediately. We specifically came here for the soup dumplings... and yessss they were delicious. However, I'm not sure if it's the fact that I'm used to Shanghai Cafe's dumplings, but I actually think I like their's better. Shanghai Cafe's were somewhat larger from what I had remembered and the soup was actually hot. The dumplings here at Joe's were just warm. Anyways, I don't mean to compare it to another restaurant... it was very tasty nonetheless.
Three of us came here for late dinner.  We ordered mapo-style eggplant, house special stir fried noodles, and 2 XLBs (pork).  They were all good, but It was a lot of food, and we couldn't finish.We were all full, and the bill was only $35 including tax & tip - such a great deal.  One thing I noticed was that they brought us a plate of cut oranges after we asked for a bill.  Is that a new thing?  They were sweet, and we liked the new service.The place was packed until their last order (10:45pm) timing.  Great to see they're doing well.!
Like everyone else says,  the soup dumplings are amazing.  I also ordered the generals chicken and thought it was the best I'd ever had.
You come here bc you don't know pork dumpling soup from the waiter's elbow.You come here bc you want to introduce your non Asian bf to Chinese food.You come here bc you're Asian and want to be ironically surrounded by non Asians in Chinatown.You come here bc it's dirt cheap.
Not terribly impressed with the soupy dumplings here at Joe's. First of all, I didn't know the right technique to eat their stuff and so my first bite into their famous soupy dumplings meant an instantly scalded and burnt tongue for me. Second, it gets very crowded very quickly, and unlike some other equally popular places in Chinatown - where the servers are still relatively nice to their customers - the guys at Joe's seemed to know that they were popular and for some reason thought that gave them the right to treat everyone like dirt. If you're going to treat us like dirt Joe's, I'll take my cold hard cash somewhere else, no matter how popular your dumplings are.
Fantastic spot. The soup dumplings are incredible. I could eat them forever. Super good. Go
There crab/pork dumplings are crazy good!Last visit, there was a little mess up with our order. we ordered ONE order of crab and pork dumplings to start and what arrived was one order of crab/pork, and one of pork. I thought maybe the waiter mis-understood me and just blew it off. Oh well! They are delicious and we'll eat them!BUT! When new costumers sat down and order the same as us, one order of crab and pork, they same thing happened to us! They received two and were very confused.So beware, there is a waiter that likes to rip you off!Also, not much other than the Dumplings are good.I ordered generals chicken and not only was it a crazy small amount of food that came (i mean not even covering half the plate), but it was so covered with sauce it was inedible. Also ordered scallion beef, and there was little to no beef! This plate was covered full, full of grilled onions!
I was expecting the best... but its was an ok for me.. I've never heard of this place but my friends told me it was pretty popular and that it was delicious, in my opinion I thought it was ok. I had better. I feel like this restaurant caters to Americans, and me being Asian I have higher expectations for a place that serves Asian food, not saying it was the worse but it was just ok for me.ALSO.. I hate the service here, I mean I know asian people are rude, but for a place thats so popular they need to learn some manners. Our waiter kept coming to the table to take stuff away, for example Im eating and he wants to reach across my plate to pick up the chopstick wrapper... like seriously can I finish taking my bite first.. I dont want to sound mean and make this place sound terrible but I wont be going back.
Quality soup dumplings in a very informal setting. Great for large groups; although there can be a wait, it's much shorter than you'd think because seating is generally done in groups of 10 (you're placed at a table with other parties as well, so if you're not into communal dining, I wouldn't recommend this). My party had soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings, scallion pancakes, and kung pao chicken. Everything was delicious - fried dumplings and scallion pancakes were greasy, but just the right amount of hot and greasy (you don't feel heavy after eating them). Good for a cold night!
The most fabulous dumplings in the whole of Manhattan! Super thin casing that you bite into and suck out the soupy juice and bite into the hearty meat.  I'd give them 5 stars only for the fact that it's always packed, there's often a wait and the staff/servers are always brusk
Dear reviewers,Please stop posting pictures of the soup dumplings.After 1000 of the same pictures, I believe users will get an idea of what they look like.Anyway, you can tell by the 2000+ reviews and the line that's out the door on a cold winter night that this place is simply awesome.  Like Barney Stinson awesome.AWESOME!
Eh, nothing special about this place. You're not paying for great food, just the hyped up name. Servers seem expressionless and rude as well. I ordered the pork soup dumplings, crab meat soup dumplings, and shanghai styled noodles. The taste wasn't really too flavorful with the soup dumplings and they also took a while to come out. You would think that with a place specializing in soup dumplings, that'd you get some quicker... The noodles were literally drenched in so much oil that everyone stopped eating it. Those three items came out to about $25 which is pretty overpriced considering other places taste better with half the price. But maybe it's because I'm Chinese and my standards are higher. Some stupid tourists or "gwai los" would argue about how amazing their food is but that's cause they clueless.
Sunday late afternoon, my long exploration made a pit stop at Joe's Shanghai.  We walked from Union Square through Soho and ended up in Chinatown.  My friend's had Joe's Shanghai on her food list venture.  She said that a lot of people told her the Joe's Shanghai has really good xiao long bao. Xiao long bao are soup dumplings with minced pork.   We ordered pork and crab pork.  As I took my first bite, I expected an explosion of flavor and excitement in my mouth.  No fireworks.  I was not impressed.  Not sure if it was all that hype from my friends and the long journey I had to get to Joe's Shanghai, my expectation standard was too high and it just didn't satisfy me.  The crab pork tasted almost the same as the pork.  I didn't taste any different.  Many it was an off day.  I'd give it another try if I make to the Eastcoast again.Top notch service.  We were taken care.  Tea was brough to our table immediately after seating.  All the servers were attentive and not zoning off like some restaurants I've been to.  I asked for water and it came within 5 minutes.  Asked for the check, came in 5 minutes.
Pork Soup Dumpings!Based on all of my friends reviews and ravings, I had to come here. Since I was by myself, I just got one order and and sat at a communal table with some other asian people. I got there around noon and there was no wait at all. When I was leave around 12:45/1, there was line forming out the door, but since they have limited service and most people are there to get one thing, it makes the process pretty easy.Overall, definitely delicious pork soup dumplings. Only thing you should really be ordering. Just sit down and get some - worth the wait (if there is one).
I crave Joe's whenever I go to NYC. I haven't gone in about 2 years but it hasn't changed one bit.  BTW it's cash only and you often share tables with other groups. Just a warning cause sometimes that surprises people. But a great way to meet new people and make friends!There is no point in getting anything else besides the dumplings. My group did get some green beans though just to make sure we got our veggies for the day.I think I like the crab dumplings more than the pork dumplings but both are wonderfully tasty. But you can't beat the deal! We got one order of crab, one order of pork, and green beans and it only cost each person about 7 dollars. The pork dumplings are a steal at a little less than 5 bucks. Crab costs more but is still less than 7 dollars. I'm taking off a star because I don't know if they maybe changed their soup recipe and I don't like it as much? It doesn't taste how I used to remember it when I went in high school...but still delicious just not what I remember.
I come with a bunch of friends for dinner. This was the last to-eat item on our trip to NYC. I sit down, the waiter comes over and asks if we want any dumplings. Obviously it's because it takes some time to steam. There's 6 of us. I say I want 4 orders...my friend stare at me. Fine, fine...change it three orders.We order other dishes, here and there as well. The crab XLB comes out, and everyone LOVES it. No one can have enough. And I'm like, duh that's why I wanted 4 orders. My sole purpose of going to Joe's Shanghai is for the crab XLB. It's awesome, and you can't get anything else like it from CA. The rest of the menu is so-so. Nothing to write home about. Nothing to rave. It is what it is. BUT THE CRAB XLB. That's all you need yelpers. It'll change your taste buds. Promise.Now our friends also asked why the Chinatown location, why not the one in midtown? And obviously Flushing is too far. Chinatown because (a) it's cheaper and (b) you get two more pieces than Midtown!
Pretty good all around value and joes. There's another restaurant that is literally six to seven store fronts over (closer to Mott) that is called Joes Ginger that serves the same food for the same price. They are after owned by the same owner. The standard soup dumplings should be a part of any shanghainese culinary experience. They are delectable gems with tasty meat based soups within their delicate dumpling skin. Be careful not to puncture the skin too quickly as the soup just leaks out.
Great place for soup dumplings. Either pork or crab! The place is small, so expect to sit with other people at a table!
Best Xiao Long Baos or Shanghai Dumplings I have ever had! My last trip to NYC we had to go two days in a row to satisfy us. We ordered the pork and crab dumplings and the hot and sour soup. There might be a little bit of a wait but it is well worth it! Also, keep in mind that you might end up sharing a table with other people since they are always so busy. The reason why this place isn't getting a 5 star rating is because the service. They are not very attentive at all.
Nursing a slight hangover, I finally got the SO to go dim-summing with me, only to learn, a 1-mile walk to Chinatown later, that Joe's Shanghai is NOT a dim sum place at all. Darn it, Yelp keyword search, daaaarn it! Should have done more research! Joe's menu is far more appropriate for a special occasion seafood outing a Chinese family might make than an early morning carbo-soak for the liquor-addled. But all was not lost...What we DID find was New York's best-reputed soup dumplings. I went with the crab/pork combo. The 8 dumplings that came moments later were tasty--not perfectly chewy, but tantalizing enough to suck down a dozen. The dumplings bleed fatty, oily broth that looks as good as it tastes, and this is definitely the highlight of Joe's dumplings. We decided not to dip into more exotic options, like duck web with celery, but I did get an order of scallion dumplings that was awesome.Joe's you've definitely thrown down the gauntlet for soup dumplings. There may be a better place for them in this big city of ours, but I haven't found it.
The Soup Dumplings were one of the best things my house has ever experienced. The warm soft dough dumplings with the hot sweet yet savory broth inside. Holy smokes. The meat was also great. I'll be coming back to Joes every time I come into the city.
Shanghai dumpling #9 - crab and pork#10 - porkThe wait was at least 1 hr.  Was it worth the wait? It's definitely a place to try.  What makes a good dumpling is the thin skin perfectly sealed to trap the soup. Joe's Shanghai dumplings contains soup, BUT the thickness of the skin overwhelmed the meat and soup inside.I prefer small sized dumplings that has equal amounts of skin, meat, and soup. Joe's dumplings was a little too large that what you're eating is mostly skin and soup. Why not order noodle soup then??
Love the food but hate the staff. My favorites are the soup dumplings. The staff however can be really mean. They will literally yell at you, roll there eyes and walk away shaking their heads if you ask them for anything.
2 words! Soup Dumplings! Redunkulous! 5-stars for the DUMPLINGs alone.  The only other time or place I had these were at the infamous, Din Tai Fung in LA.  They came in these large, circular steam baskets.  These dumplings were so big, you need a tong to grab them.  They do fit in your Asian porcelain soup spoon so that you can somewhat eat them correctly.  Once you bite into one, all those juicy flavors from the pork just oozes in your spoon.  At that point, you just want to slurp and keep biting away.  Savoring each bite.  I still think Din's is slightly better, but Joe's definitely gave them a run for their money.Do not order anything outside the parameters of dumplings.  I regret ordering their fried rice which was super mediocre and possibly the worst I have had.  Two baskets (8 dumplings each) of these per person would suffice.  In fact, the waiter even ask you upfront if we came in to order just the dumplings, so thats a pretty big indication of its popularity.Happy slurping!
Went there yesterday on the hype of the Shanghai soup dumpling. While that is a ok, the rest of the menu items are not. I am a tourist so it's easy for me to say that I won't visit this place for my next NYC visit.
Well, I tried their small steamed bun in flushing before & it was awesome . However,the food here tasted more slaty & the price is little bit higher than flushing. I felt disappointed . Even though they are the same name of the restaurants, the chefs are different。I don't recommend ppl come here but suggest to go to  the one in Flushing. It's better
Probably the best Chinese food I've had. Prawns, chicken, rice, all the best. Very fresh-tasting and sizable portions. Not loaded with vegetables or water chestnuts like so many other Chinese restaurants. Only complain is that they try to get you in and out as quickly as possible. When you're halfway through your meal, waiters will stand over you with their arms crossed, looking down at you waiting for your party to finish.
I'm such a foodie/food rat who loves to try new things (or same food but in different restaurants). the momma dukes want tiny soup dumplings/xlb for lunch and wanted it from joe's so I'm like why not. I called in to pick up the order so I wouldn't have to wait. the buns however popped easily. it was indeed very juicy (the more juice the better IMO!). I was very full after eating it. will def. go back for other dishes next time! yum!
I've been here about 3 times already and was lucky enough to not have to wait for a table.First of all, the sign says Joe's Ginger which made me unsure of whether this is the place everyone raves about. Secondly, I had the soup dumplings and while I think they were good. I didn't see the hype. I've never had a soup dumpling I didn't like and this didn't seem that much better than other places. We ordered spring rolls on a whim and they were cold in the middle. Service sucks like most places in Chinatown. But this trip was more of an in-and-out rather than a hangout.
Really good food ... If you know what to get. We have had awesome dishes and not so awesome dishes. Just depends upon whether it's their specialty or not.Consider minimizing the menu to the good stuff only?
I've been away from the ny food scene for so long, any Chinese restaurant in Chinatown tastes good. Joe's Ginger is not Joe's Shanghai. I got confused bc how many joe soup dumplings can there be? My friend who lives here told me that they are owned by the same owner... Joe? Do not go on a romantic date here. Not unless if you enjoy the company of a stranger third wheel at your table. Yes, I saw this happen. They split tables with labeled tags. There is an automatic 15% tip then, tax on top of the bill+ tip. Soup dumplings here has always been the best I've ever had, I haven't been to too many, but they seem to have all the right components: just thick enough skin, lots of soup, a nice flavorful meatball filling in the middle. Scallion pancakes are awesome too: it's very crispy with flakey layers served with a sweet soy sauce. Their fried rice reminds me something my grandma would make. They use simple ingredients and maybe msg to transform each dish into something to crave for.
New York's Chinatown has always been a treasure trove of exotic delights from sugar apples, rambutan, crocodile meat and ancient herbal cures. And yes, xiao long bao, or as we call it in English, soup dumplings. Literally translated, xiao long bao means 'little basket bun' and not considered a dumpling by the Chinese for it is pinched at the top as opposed to dumplings, which are pinched along the semicircle. Mistranslated as it is, it has made its way from Shanghai's province of Nanxiang into surrounding Asian nations and into the United States. They are made using partially raised flour that results in tender, almost translucent dough but one that won't break while cooking, and traditionally pleated 18 times. The broth inside is produced by wrapping the filling with a gelatin based aspic or by grounding it into the filling. As the buns steam the aspic melts and the result is that lip smacking deliciousness that is the xiao long bao. Joe's Shanghai opened its first store back in 1995 in Flushing, New York. Since then they've opened 2 other locations, one in Chinatown and another in Midtown. They also have 3 stores in Japan where xiao long bao has a cult following of sorts. A visit to Joe's during peak hours inevitably means a wait but turn over is fairly quick and a half hour wait is more than worth it for their xiao long bao. Since the serving portions are rather large it's best to go with a group of 4 or more. Try both the pork and crab xiao long bao. To consume them minus the painful hot broth burn place a bun on a spoon, gently nibble off a piece of the dough to let the steam out, season with the vinegar sauce, and savor the bun together with the broth.
Sitting here thinking we went for dim sum. No dim sum.  And food is just ok.  Dirty glasses.  Very touristy.  There is much better just next store.
The soup dumplings are a must have. They are very hot (like they should be) so be careful when you first eat them. Another thing I would recommend are the scallion pancakes. It's very basic, but you can never go wrong with them. Joe's is generally very busy so depending on how many you're with, your seating might feel a little bit cramped.
I'm shocked that I haven't written a review for Joe's Shanghai yet because it's one of my go to places to eat in Chinatown when I'm craving soup dumplings.The Chinatown location has very confusing seating. When you arrive, make sure to grab a number. You'll wait until they call your number to be seated. More likely, than not, you'll be seated at a round table with other people. For some reason, even though there is a ton of staff milling around, it is quite hard to get someone's attention to order. I like the pork dumplings here better than the crab. These soup dumplings are HUGE. The filling is way more juicy than at some other places, and there is a ton of soup in each of the dumplings. However, the skin is really thick. I prefer soup dumplings with thinner skin. Otherwise, I typically get the scallion pancake, maybe one of the rice cake dishes, and a veggie (which will be way overpriced and probably the most expensive thing on the tab).When I came here last week, we also ordered the moo shoo pork. I think it's the first time in my life I've ever had it, and I guiltily have to admit that it was pretty darn good.
There is no denying that the soup dumplings are the bomb. I'm just very on the fence with this place because of the service. It was a trip to New York and I was prepared for how "rude" I hear New Yorkers are, but the service here is beyond rude. I'm not even going to dive into the dirtiness, cramped, awkward seating with strangers cause that didn't really bother me or fail my expectations. The waiter we had did not bring us any drinks until we asked for them, and he pretty much sat us down and immediately asked us for our order. Of course the answer was "no, give us a minute". This dude COMES BACK to our table like every minute at 45 seconds and pokes hovers over us---his body language almost demanding us to order. My girlfriend and I came here with another couple and that couple ordered the soup dumplings for our party, which I think is like #9 or something on the menu, cause the number was only said. Okay that item menu doesn't actually say "soup dumplings" so when it was my GF's turn to order she asked what item number was the soup dumplings. This guy mocks her in a very condescending way (in broken English), scolding at her, "This is the soup dumpling, right here, yall just ordered it!!!" half laughing, half raising his voice. I don't even want to continue telling the story cause I'm getting pissed off as I keep going, but I WILL say that I will give this place 3 stars cause the food is indeed good, but the service almost trumps my willingness to give this 3 stars...
This is a must visit every trip to New York. The best Chinese food anywhere. This place is an experience in itself. The tables are all big and they sit mixed parties together. The food has always been great every time we visit.Must have:Pork Soup DumplingsScallion PancakesShanghai NoodlesGreen BeansCRISPY BEEF (MUST HAVE)This place will not disappoint.
Delicious soup dumplings!! Also had the sautéed bok choy which was amazing and a scallion pancake. Would def come again. Cash only.
Everytime I come to Chinatown in NY, I always have to make a stop at Joe's Shanghai.  There's always a line (even at 2pm) and you might have to share a table (don't get weirded out people, it's kindof normal in Asian establishments), but it is well worth it.  You must order any of the tang bao's (we've had pork & shrimp ones, preferring the pork).  I can't vouch for anything else only because it is a marathon when I'm in NY.Cash only and best to come here off-hours.  Be prepared to wait.
I keep finding places I love in Chinatown and thinking that I might as well never go anywhere else. This is how I felt about Nom Wah Tea Parlor . . . until a friend suggested Joe's Shanghai, which is also excellent. The soup dumplings are perfect, crispy beef is delicious, noodle dishes are all great, and the beers are affordable.There's usually a wait, but they turn over tables quickly (service is super fast), so it's never been too bad.If you want American Chinese, like fried egg rolls and lo mein, check out Nom Wah. If you want something a little lighter, Joe's Shanghai is for you. They both have a place in the world, depending on what you're in the mood for.
Hey! This place is awesome.I had heard that this place had yummy soup dumplings (and I am a fan of those). The downside we also heard was that there is a wait...and there was. I will cut them some slack, though since there were 7 in my party and the place is fairly tiny. We couldn't be officially put on the waiting list until our whole party was here, so our wait time was longer than 20 minutes. In the meantime you are welcome to read the reviews posted on their front windows, some dating back to the early 2000's. Speed up to ordering the dumplings and now comes the good part...What sets these dumplings apart from others is the soup inside. Commonly you order them and they have one drop of liquid inside, but Joe has seemed to generously inject the most flavorful soup. And the price: 8 dumplings for ~$5.00 (crab ones ~$6.00). What a deal! And you have to dip them in the vinegary/gingery sauce. So good, it fills the air. Overall, this place is amaazing! And cheap. I will be back. Oh, and the wait time definitely is made up with the quality/price of the food.GOOD:-Soup dumplings!!-Generous amount of yummy soup inside-Who I assume is "Joe" is posted on the walls and walks around the restaurant-So cheap!BAD:-Wait time is long!-If you have a small party you have to share tables. But we didn't mind!TIP: They only take cash
Considering the wait and hype around this spot, it barely lived up to its expectation. I came in here on a Monday afternoon with a party of 2 and we were seated in about 10 minutes (not bad but other parties had to wait about 20-35 minutes). Ofc we had already planned out what to order. Pork soup dumplings, crab and pork soup dumplings, and Shanghai thick noodles. For a place that specializes in XLB's I expected to get the food in a matter of a few minutes. Over 10 minutes later our soup dumplings came and I'm not sure if it's just me but I'm not a big fan of the bok choi under the soup dumplings (I think they're used to prevent the dumplings from sticking to the traditional paper that other places use so the dumplings won't break upon contact). They get stuck on the dumplings and taste bland. The dumplings itself were alright (definitely had better in flushing and even the neighboring 21 Shanghai). The crab soup dumplings were stuffed very densely and was definitely better IMO than the pork soup dumplings. The Shanghai noodles were nothing special (very greasy too). The bill came out about 29 for 2 people so it's definitely not too pricey but was it worth the hype and wait? Naaaaah
So overrated, so full of tourists, so cramped. Asked for a table for 2. Saw 2 seats clearly available near the front and asked if those two pointing to the seats were ready. The hostess said we have to see... But then was told to go to the back. Ended up sharing a huge round table with 2 other families. Awkward and cramped. The soup dumplings were fine nothing special. The meat sauce noodles were fine but the noodles were too mushy. As we left I saw that the table that was available ended up being given to two white tourists. Interesting seeing as they don't take reservations those seats could not be reserved. I also asked for ice water 3 times because it was boiling hot in there but didnt get it until the end of our meal. Will not be returning to this restaurant.
Stopped in to try the famous crab/pork xiaolongbao (steamed Shanghai soup dumplings). While they were good, some of our dumplings were stuck together and the precious soup leaked out. This location is authentic Chinatown, but a bit off the beaten path. I'm not a fan of the communal tables, so if you're going bring a big group and show up together. I agree with other posters that this can be a stressful dining experience for the uninitiated. You can't be afraid to flag down a waiter, or else you'll be overlooked.
Joe's Shanghai has gotten worse and worse over the years. I would've given this place a 4.5 star rating 7 years ago. The soup dumplings and shanghai noodles are pretty decent, but everything is alright. Service is also terrible. Can't expect much from a NYC chinese joint.
I would strongly recommend coming here! the line gets crazy most days but its worth the wait. I come here at least 3 times a month for the crab/pork soup dumplings. Very tasty!! Their spicy crispy shredded beef is good too.
Cheap Shanghai Dumplings that aren't that great...I came here since people rave about their Shanghai Dumplings, but I thought it was a little too salty and I did not like the skin of the dumplings. It was too big and that it droops over. Texture was not great. I'm sure there's better else where.
This place is in a cute little alleyway in Chinatown that looks like it could be a movie set (wouldn't be surprised if it has been.) The wait is extremely long, so plan ahead.Instead of belting out synonyms for "good," I'll just say this place was a 5 (Yelp) star experience.
I've definitely had more authentic Chinese food, but the food here wasn't bad! Just didn't like how the workers clean up the plates without asking. They threw away our unfinished food thinking it belonged to the people we shared the table with.
We were in China town and we wanted to find a really good restaurant in that area so we decide to yelp it and this restaurant came up with a four star rating so we had to try it.  The place was packed with tourist.  The waiters were not that helpful with the menu, but we found out by neighbors seated next to us that the place was known for its soup dumplings (which were excellent).  Definitely worth it.
The soup dumplings here are 5 stars. I prefer the pork one over the one with crab. They're delicious and hot and the soup is very flavorful. The other dishes here are 4 stars. We got noodles, calamari, and fried rice. The noodles were really good, but the calamari was very bland. I didn't taste the rice so I have nothing to say about that, but my friends all said the food was pretty good, except for the calamari. The service here is negative stars. So everything kind of averages out to the 3 stars I have to give them. Do not come here expecting any amazing or decent service. Their service here, as my friend would describe it, is exceptional... exceptionally horrible. We came here for dinner and knew this place was famous for their soup dumplings. Unless you're a party of 10, you will be sharing a table with another party. We didn't want that at first because we're never used to it in Boston, but eventually we didn't mind. We ordered the food, and when the food came, the server literally tossed the food on the table. When it was time for the bill, I reached out my hand so the server could hand it to me, but instead he threw it over to me even though my hand was on the bill. 15% tips is already included and I could understand why they would do that because if they don't, they wouldn't be getting a tip at all. Their service here is just horrible that you have to keep reminding yourself you're here for the food not for the service. Overall, I would definitely recommend coming here to try their soup dumplings, but after you're done with the food, just leave. Staying any longer would just make you feel very uncomfortable because they're just so rude.
Great fast service in the morning. My friend and i came around opening time so we were seated immediately and as soon as you get the menu the waiter asks if you want the soup dumplings and of course you say yes ! They're like little drops of heaven.
First time here on Christmas Eve. Waited an hour to get in which was acceptable only because it was 70 degrees outside! Once we finally got seated (communal tables!), we ordered the famous soup dumplings. Very good indeed! For our dishes we split the Shanghai fried rice, Kung pao chicken, and orange beef. Rice was great, Kung pao was good, and the beef was good as well. Service is quick like a typical Chinese restaurant and the decor isn't so great. Overall I was pleased with this place aside from the wait which is nuts.
I went here today with a friend. It was a busy Sunday and we waited 10 mins for a seat. Not bad.We had crab and pork soup dumplings. The crab dumplings were just okay. The pork dumplings taste good though. Next we had the shredded pork and tofu with jalapenos. It taste good but it's a little too spicy for me. The dumplings came with a sauce that tastes like vinegar.They included the 15% service charge in the bill, which I'm not really crazy about. In my opinion tip should be optional according to how one likes the service. Not saying I wouldn't tip the waiter. Would I go back? Maybe. If I do, I would order the pork dumplings again.
My brother n sister took us to this wonderful Chinese dumpling house. We tried the pork dumpling, Shanghai noodles, and fried rice. The dumpling reminded me of Din Tai Fung in Bellevue but...twice the size! The Shanghai noodles was delish. If you like spicy, I recommend add a little of the hot chili paste. I would like to come back again and try some of the other dishes.
Dumprings! I love me some dumprings! After a 20min wait, we sat down and ordered the pork dumplings, green onion pancake, green beans, and drunken chicken. These XLB's are some of the juiciest I've ever had, but the skin could've been thinner. They tasted so meaty, I almost thought they were beef for a minute. 8 large dumprings for $4.95 vs. 10 small dumprings for $10.95 at Din Tai Fung. Just a completely different dining experience. Joe's is grungy, bustling, and they churn out some delightful soupy morsels.
My friend has been going here for years and brought me here to try it for the first time. Tea was readily available and very comforting while enjoying the turnip cakes, which were perfectly crispy and the pork dumplings, which were flavorful and delicious. I'm usually not a fan of Chinese food, but this place really changed my mind. And the prices are very reasonable (cash only though). I will definitely be coming back. Just make sure to go a little earlier, since the place can fill up pretty quickly.
As someone who has been to Beijing and tasted authentic Crab and pork dumplings, these are the real deal. There is another location in mid-town but I prefer the china town location. Communal seating and cash only. The crispy beef is also delicious but very sweet and very heavy! I would share this dish so you have more room for the dumpling, which is what the place is known for. The fried rice is perfect, fluffy with bits of crunch and loads of flavor.
Overrated.  Tried their crab and pork dumplings with scallion pancake. Too salty and very greasy. :/
THEY ARE THIEVES. That said, the food is terrific. Never had a problem there. But the service downright sucks. They are rude, and inattentive. Even when the restaurant is slow. BE VERY CAREFUL WHEN YOU ARE PAYING WITH LARGE GROUPS. Tonight I went with a group of six and we all put $20 in, which was well over the amount of the bill but we needed change back. Instead, our waiter insisted we only gave him $100 instead of $120. Then the owner came out and accused us of lying... a group of six people lying over $20.So yea. Just...be wary and confirm how much cash you give them since they don't take credit cards. Otherwise they'll conveniently miscalculate and it will never be in your favor.
It seems that the only reason why most people go to Joe's Shanghai is just for soup dumplings.  I recently went a couple Saturdays ago, and as expected, you could hear the whole restaurant slurping up soup dumplings in sync.  Personally, I don't care for Joe's soup dumplings...  I think the ones at Shanghai Gourmet, a few doors down, are substantially better.  Yet, it doesn't matter as Joe's reputation seems to be entirely based on soup dumplings.  The one thing that irks me about Joe's is that it is a tourist trap!  The line/wait can be crazy at times, and In my opinion, it's usually way too crowded for what it's worth.  Service can be slow at times as the kitchen does get backed-up, and be prepared to sit at a table with strangers in a community setting...  So don't be afraid to say Hi to the person sitting next to you.  However, in spite of my criticism of this place, there is one dish here that I think is fantastic and makes me contradict myself, and that is the braised pork shoulder, complimented with a traditional brown sauce.  It's the kind of dish that draws a lot of attention and stares when they bring it to the table. I highly recommend it if you like pork!
The food was not bad in this china town restaurant. The waiters are rude, but in a really cool way. I tried ordering several different dumplings and they wouldn't allow it. He said it was too much. The only reason I gave it two stars, was for the cleanliness, it was pretty bad. I used the bathroom after I finished my meal and had I gone prior to ordering, I would have walked out.
What does one do when he has jury duty downtown for lunch?  Well, you can go to your favorite Chinese spot, or you can really take advantage and go somewhere that usually has a ridiculous wait at night or on weekends.  Joe's Shanghai definitely fulfills the latter so off I went.  No wait for a table of one, sweet.  I went with the standard order of soup dumplings and scallion pancakes, figured I'd keep it simple.  Five minutes later the food finally appears...making this a good spot if they cut your lunch break at jury duty, though does that ever happen?Anyway, soup dumplings were pretty standard, nothing that stood out among other places in Chinatown.  The scallion pancakes though?  They were top notch, can't think of a better spot in Chinatown off of the top of my head, they felt like they were double fried for double the yumminess (and probably double the fat).
The three stars is for the food only.This is a fast-paced restaurant with very minimal service.  You will need to ask for every single thing you want (water, etc.).I go somewhat regularly (at least once a month) and I've noticed that they are pressuring their customers for bigger tips.  This is corroborated by other reviews I've read here on Yelp.  If you tip less than 20% or so, they seem to get upset.
I remember when this place first open and it was the BOMB. Unfortunately, very unfortunately the quality of this place went downhill fast. They have so much business that they don't really care about how the food is made anymore. The soup dumpling's skin was thick and squirts oily soup. If you let the soup sit on your plate for a while, it starts to coagulate. Their food, however, is still one of the best Shanghainese restaurants in NYC.THEIR SERVICE IS HORRENDOUS!!!!!!!!!!! I know us Chinese people's customer service is not that great compared to American restaurants however I have never experienced such RUDE, RUDE, RUDE servers. I asked for a table for 4 but my friend was late so I wanted to put us down on the list first (long line). It's okay to just tell us nicely that we have to wait until my friend comes BUT THAT LADY JUST YELLED AT ME. HOLY COW. Literally, just screamed at me with her high pitch voice and her gross attitude. The waiters were all snickering when we ask for normal things people ask for in restaurants. I really didn't understand what was so funny and what's with that attitude. I wonder why they put that 15% service charge on the bill though. Is it because their service is so shitty that people refuse to pay tip so they have to enforce it?
Who gave this place less than five stars? The food itself is 7 stars. The service is 3 stars, but you get your food fast. We fed four guys with $57. I woke up the next morning and I wanted to text joe's shanghai "hey what are you up to Bae can I see you again tonight?"
Best Soup dumplings/xiao long bao period.  Super quick.
Came here again with friends for Sunday lunch. Soup dumplings are still amazing (none broken this time :) The service isn't bad but the way the talk to you is a little rude...
I do love their soup dumplings, but the rest of the food, e.g. the scallion pancakes, is oily and about the quality you'd get at another decent Chinese place nearby. The food is cheap, the service is fast and efficient. The community seating can be a bit disorienting, the cash-only policy annoying, and the wait time ridiculous. All in all, there are better places to go - try Xi'an Famous Foods around the corner, followed by dessert at Chinatown Ice Cream Factory.
I've had soup dumplings in Shanghai and these are just as good! When we first came here, I was a bit deterred by a few things. First, THIS is the location to go to (as opposed to the midtown one) but it's located in Chinatown and the street is a bit deserted. You will, however, see a crowd of people clutching tickets and looking hopefully toward the door. Who are they looking for? The person in charge of the waiting list, of course! She yells your number out, tells you to wait by the door, ensures that your party is all here, and then finally tells you to wait in side. SECOND, unless you have a big party and get really lucky, you will probably share a table with another group. Get over it. The couple that was finishing up their meal across from us were really nice, but the second group of people...not so much. Order the crab and pork dumplings when you get there, and maybe scallion pancakes as an appetizer. I haven't had the other food..why would I waste precious stomach space on something other than dumplings? I've heard the pork-only dumplings are really good as well. When they bring out the dumplings steamed on cabbage leaves, get ready. Use the tongs to gingerly pick up the top of the dumpling (be careful not to break the exterior or the soup spills out!) and admire how the bottom of the dumpling droops a bit, JUST LIKE IT SHOULD. Place it on your soup spoon, pour some of the black vinegar/ginger/soy sauce on top, and bite a small hole into the skin of the dumpling. The rich and delicious broth will stream out onto your spoon so carefully drink this and then enjoy the rest of the dumpling. Heaven in my mouth. Cash only, and I think gratuity is included (but we added another tip anyway).
No dim sum here!Was in Manhattan the other day with a hankering for Dim Sum . Used yelp to find a dim sum place and was directed to Joe's.Got there around 12:30, was seated immediately.  But I didn't see any carts.  I asked the server about dim sum, and she said no carts, dim sum through the menu.  Looked through the menu.  The options were either hidden, or on another menu.  I got up and left.Giving the place 3 stars out of courtesy.
This place is well renowned for their xiaolongbao; many Chinese who have been here agree that it is hard to find such good XLB even on the mainland. They are juicy and packed with soup, and the crab/pork fillings are rightfully tender. The wrappings are also of the right thickness, and the XLB come in groups of 8 along with some Chinese cabbage for support.Haven't tried anything else on the menu, as most seem to agree that not much else is worth eating there. The service is also hectic; because there are always people waiting, they pack separate parties onto the same table (a common practice in some Chinese restaurants).
I love their soupy dumplings!  You might have to wait for a table, but it is worth it. Service is always quick and I have always been pleased with what I have ordered.
Tourist restaurant = long lines = long wait timePros:-Come here for the the pork soup dumplings. All the other dishes are mediocre - you can get it at almost any authentic Chinese restaurant close to half the price.Cons:-Due to the long lines, they rush you out of the place. So if you're trying to have a group gathering and need to chat - this is NOT the place to go. -Weird seating arrangements-Pricey compared to nearby restaurants
Had some really great lo mein and some doooope soup dumplings here. I wish I could say that we were more adventurous. Next time we will be sure to check out more of the menu.
Soupy crab-pork Shanghai dumplings and green onion pancake are fantastic for $10.50!!!The steamy goodness (+'s):+ crab and pork Shanghai dumplings are amazing! Huge dumplings filled with crab and pork. Unlike many crab-pork mixes, I could actually taste the crab!+ Green onion pancake held up too. I like mine doughy and they came out like that. If you prefer thin crispy ones then opt out.+ Take out service was pretty fast. Went on a Wednesday afternoon and got in and out within 10-15 minutes.+ Great take-out packaging. Dumplings sat cozily in their round plastic container with the steamed napa cabbage wrapped on top. The the oily dregs (-'s):- None to note really except that sanitary sign which read "B." Minus one star.TIP: Consider eating at the premise if you have time. Not very crowded on a Wednesday afternoon. Noise level not an issue and this is Chinatown.
The crab meat soup dumpling ain't Din Tai Fung quality but for NYC, this is probably as good as you're going to get. The soup dumplings have rather thin skin and plenty of soup inside, so first time eaters beware! The meat filling tasted fresh and has plenty of flavor. You can taste hints of crab meat minced with the pork. Beware, wait times can be rather long if you go during peak dining hours. And on weekends, lines can last until closing. Best time to go if you don't feel like waiting is right at opening time (11AM). The other two dishes I ordered were the wine chicken and shredded pork & salted vegetable noodle soup. Both were pretty authentic (just like back in Shanghai) especially the wine chicken. I can't begin to describe how good it was!! You can taste the Shaoxing wine marinated deep within the chicken.Highly recommend this place but expect long wait times (up to 45 mins - 1 hour).
So ridiculously delicious! You'll have to wait a really long time to get in, but one you do it's amazing! Classic Chinese restaurant with large portions and delicious food! I loved the juicy dumplings/xlb steamed in the traditional bamboo steamers with cabbage (compared to the metal steamers) with lots of juice and the perfect texture to the skin. The price was also amazing!Other things I liked was the steamed fish, string beans, noodles, and shredded daikon cake. Basically everything was yummy!It's really crowded and has a long wait, but the food is worth it :) Luckily the food comes out very quickly so you don't have to wait much longer after you order.
The greatest xiaolongbao in the world. We have frequented Joe's Shanghai since its opening in the 1990s, and though we've since moved away from New York City, we still make special trips to visit this restaurant. We've tried xiaolongbao in Shanghai, we've tried countless numbers of restaurants in the US and Canada for xiaolongbao (including Din Tai Fung), and none have surpassed the sheer greatness of Joe's Shanghai. We love the rustic nature of these dumplings. They seem to have the perfect amount of soup and filling. The dumpling skins are the perfect thickness. We recommend this restaurant to everyone. This is a must-stop in NYC!
If you have never tried soup dumplings - this is the place! We ordered 3 orders of pork for the 6 of us with a few other traditional dishes. Living in CT you can not find this delicacy so whenever I am in NY this place is worth the trip.
Ok. If I didn't have a review for this place I would be crazy!!!! Their food is OFF THE CHARTS. If you come you would have to try the world famous soup dumplings. They are great! I also like their soup. You might have to wait a long time to be seated but DAMN! Once you get the food you will want to come back... the next day!
Great Chinese specialty restaurant... but time is money too.Joe's Shanghai does indeed offer some of the best tasting soup dumplings in the area. There is no doubt about it. They have the traditional pork soup dumplings and also the less often seen seafood and pork soup dumplings.However, the waits are sometimes ridiculous. I mentioned that time is money. But more than that, I really believe that you can get great soup dumplings all over Chinatown. It doesn't necessarily have to be at Joe's Shanghai. If you're not into soup dumplings or not hoping to try them, don't even waste your time. Aside from the soup dumplings, Joe's Shanghai's menu is just okay. You can definitely find those items elsewhere in the vicinity without the wait, and they are probably just as good or better tasting.
Dumplings - hot, cheap, and delicious. It was so flavorful drinking the broth out of the dumplings that I can't wait to go back again to just eat this.Customer Service - They were on top of everything. Seating was only about 10 minute wait for a Saturday so I was really happy about that. The server was friendly and even asked us how we wanted the fried rice cooked (dark brown or whitish color) bc they accomadate American taste and Asian taste. Shrimp fried rice - Can you say raw onion fried rice?! There was so much huge chunks of onions that it made it sort of unbearable to eat. We like our fried rice a lighter color and not drowning in soy and they made that part good, but I really wish they cut back on scallions and huge chunks of onions. Or if you are going to put that much onion in it, make sure it isn't so raw. I love onions, but that just over did it.
Only tried the soup dumplings and Shanghai noodles.  Both were good as advertised.  Restaurant was very busy and we got lucky because we were a large party and they happened to have a large table available when we put our names down.  Otherwise, I imagine the wait would have been 45 minutes or more.
Was in the mood for some dumplings and Yelp lead us here. We ordered the soup dumplings and the pan fried dumplings. Pork and seafood. Some of the dumpling wrappers were thinner than others. Because of that, the soup dumplings fell apart and some were leaking broth as we picked it up off the basket. The dumplings itself were bland to me. It needed some more seasoning. The seafood dumplings were fishy. We could definitely tell they were seafood from the after taste. The pan fried dumplings was nothing different from your regular Chinese take out. Not the worst dumplings but definitely not worth a second visit. Don't think we'll be back. Headed back to Yelp for another dumpling place.
Can I just say... BEST SOUP DUMPLINGS EVER!! First time I was here and I want to come back every time I visit New York. Despite the fact that you might have to sit with people on the round table because it gets busy... I really didn't mind.What I ( I mean my BF and his sister) ordered:*Crab/pork dumpling or just pork dumpling. (Amazing)*there house friend rice *baby bok choyShared between us three and it was enough. Enjoy! I can't wait to go back :)
I have had Joes Shanghai in Midtown and Flushing. I hated one in Chinatown. Four out of eight the xiaolongbao came out already ripped and leaked. I regret that i didnt complain. So my ranking is from the best to the worst: Flushing, Midtown(although bit expensive), Chinatown(worst service and food).
Do book ahead of time if you want to go to this place with a large party! This place gets crowded at night especially on the weekends!The best dish i remember getting from this place is their onion pancake. What makes it great is their dipping sauce, which is sweet soy sauce (genius)! Other than that, their soup dumplings are alright, some of my friends complain that it doesn't taste fresh, but i have no complaints (do try their crab filling dumplings). The dough is thin and the soup was tasty. Their rice dishes are quite authentic, but their noodle dishes are rather oily and just not well made. I feel like there are better places than this over hyped restaurant in China town if you're really looking for good soup dumplings and authentic chinese food. Overall, not a bad restaurant.
THE BEST SHANGHAI DUMPLINGS IN THE US!I may be a bit biased because this is the first restaurant that I had shanghai dumplings, so it has a special place in my heart. However, I have gone on a search for good dumplings on the west coast, tried shanghai dumpling king, tried din tai fung, still nothing compares. Not to mention that their pricing is UNBEATABLE! You can order a couple of orders of the dumplings +chow mein for less than $20! The only bad part is that there is a very long wait, so be sure to get there early or you'll be waiting 45+ mins in the Quicklys next door. The do sit multiple parties in a large table to conserve space, so if you're claustrophobic, you better get over your fears because these dumplings are worth it!
I love their beef tendon stew with tofu and Xiaolongbao very very very much. They are Super delish! Their noodles are good too.Very crowded place though. After a long waiting and got seated, the seats were extremely close to the people beside us. We shared tables with the others all the time.After all, come here for food. Nothing else.
I saw that this place had 2098 raving reviews on yelp, so I HAD to try it out to see how amazing it really is. I figured there would be quite a bit of a wait during lunch time, so I opted to go at 3:30 in the afternoon to avoid waiting. Boy, I was wrong! Even at 3:30, we waited almost 30 minutes!We ordered 8-piece pork dim sum and the shanghai noodles. With drinks, tax, and tip, it only cost me 20 bucks.Dim Sum: holy amazingness. Use your big spoons as once you bite it, all the steamy juices will come out of the dim sum. You really don't need any seasoning/soy sauce as the dim sum itself is incredibly flavorful.Shanghai noodles are udon noodles sautéed/fried with spinach, pork, and brown sauce. It was so good that I almost licked the plates had the server not come by to pick up the empty plate. It's a very casual, divey restaurant where they'll seat you with other patrons. But you will definitely enjoy it! FYI- cash only!
After my foodie friend suggested Joe's Shanghai for their legendary soup dumplings, I knew that I would not be disappointed.  The dumplings are the best that I have had.  The place is always busy and we had a 30 minute wait when we arrived for dinner around 6pm.  The restaurant itself is crowded, but one our food came, nothing else seemed to matter.  You gat 8 soup dumplings for $7.95 and to me it is a great deal for the taste.  I added the smoked fish noodle bowl for $6 and left very full and ready for a nap.  Ample servings and ample flavor for a great price.  When you go here you know you will be leaving satisfied.  I cannot recommend it enough and will be taking all my friends to Joe's.
Wow. This place was phenomenal. By far, the best dish we had were the pork soup dumplings. Other dishes were meh, but the dumplings were out of this world. Had to wait in line for about 15 minutes. Cash only. Large portions.
Oh. I like the samplings soooo much. Also the stuff called "baozi". I would introduce it to my friends.
Famous Xiao Long Bao (Soup dumplings)? Of course this is a must. We made sure to get here early and were glad we did because the restaurant got pretty busy really fast. I know people mentioned it's weird to sit at a big round table with other people you don't know, but that's normal in Asia. Trust me...it's much better than having to hover over people while they eating waiting for them to leave so you can have a table.We ordered the Crab XLB and the Pork XLB as well as some green onion pancake. Just a dash of vinegar with each soup dumpling and I was stuffing my face. Delicious dumplings. These soup dumpling are the variations I like too as it comes with thin skin and lots of soup. I've never been a fan of the ones with thick skin and less soup like Din Tai Fung chains serve all over Asia. I was happily pleased.
Pork soup dumplings are really good. Gets very busy so you will feel like your being rushed out and the seating is family style. Regardless I will definitely go back
Awesome dumplings! We got the General Tso's and some white rice. Food was fast, fresh, and delicious!
So, so good.  Be prepared as Joe's Shanghai seems to have a perpetual 20-30 minute wait no matter what time you show up.  Prices are good, servings are large and are served quickly.  I particularly enjoy their double cooked pork with rice.
Good soup dumplings. Good shanghai fried noodles. Place is located on an unassuming side street in chinatown. But this place is legit. One of my favorite chinese meals in new york.
We wanted to go to their other famous Joe's restaurant but there were people waiting outside so we decided to come here instead. There was no waiting time and we were seated on the second floor.We ordered pork and crab dumplings but I couldn't tell the difference at all... We also ordered fried rice, morning glory stirfry and a pork stir fry, all of these portions were super tiny (maybe my friend ordered the small size??)But anyways it's not even a one-person portion so be aware of that.Also once you are done with your meal, they immediately give you the bill, and if you don't pay ASAP they come and stand in front of you until you give them the money.Not very pleasant service, but hey, it's Chinatown so what can you expect right...
HARD TO FINDprepare for a wait, even though it was short and know what you want to order our waiter didn't have time or energy to answer any questions or give suggestionsthanks to you guys I ordered the pancake which was the best I have ever tried in my life, the dumplings burst w/a liquid once bitten so be careful (they were alright)
Best soup dumpling in NYC. Go early for a shorter wait and order soup dumplings as soon as you get to your seats. If you have room get the scallion pancake as well.
This place has my favorite soup dumplings. I have yet to find another place that rivals Joe's. Other food is delicious too.
Soooo annoying to heap on another glowing review for Joe's xiao long bao, but when you make the absolute best soup dumplings, you deserve all the kudos.Pros: The broth is ever so flavorful (but not oversalted) and the dumpling skin is delicate. Nothing is worse than a thick dumpling that you have to fight with. With that said, they're made with care so that they don't break open making you look like a doofus in front of your date (important). The price is insane for NYC in this day in age -- 8 dumplings for 6.50!!! Finally, despite their gruff wait staff (see: they don't meander the tables, leaning in to say things like "how is your meal?" or "is there anything else you need at this time?") they actually unsheath your chopsticks for you! It's kind of weird, but overall a nice touch haha.Cons: The gruff wait staff if you're not into that kind of thing and the ridiculous wait times during their peak hours. You can be waiting outside for like an hour and a half, holding a slip of paper with a number on it. It's not a problem in the summer, but you don't want to show up starving in mid-February, only to weep in your own tears of utter disappointment. But yeah, if you're from out of town, definitely something that ought to be on your list. If you're  me then you're popping in for that xiao long bao fix pretty often.
I normally would not voluntarily go there since there are so many better restaurants in Chinatown.  However, I had a friend from out of town visiting and he wanted to go so I agreed.This place is so overhyped and full of tourists.  Every night the line is insane outside and the line is managed by the rudest staff ever.  You ask them a question about the line and the wait and they totally dismiss you like you're invisible or you're speaking Jibberish to them.Once you do get a table the waiters inside are equally rude.  Before you're done eating they already want to clear your dishes and throw the bill at you.  It's definitely not a place you can take your time to chew your food.As for the food, the soup dumplings are indeed good with  nice thin skins and plenty of tasty soup and meat inside.  However, the rest of the food is mediocre at best and much more expensive than other restaurants in Chinatown.  Do yourself a favor and avoid this place.  Chinatown has lots of better eats and service even though Chinese restaurants are generally not known for their service.  Oh, and the nerve of the restaurant to automatically include a 15% tip on your final bill.  If it was up to me the service there deserves 1% tip.
Simply put, Joe's Shanghai is expensive for what it is in terms of quality and portion size. The portions are smaller than your average dish in most restaurants in Chinatown. We ordered the crab meat xiao long bao, lo mein, sauteed rice cake, the cold beef appetizer, and a plate of veggies. One dish that we simply inquired about but did not order was added to our orders as well, which is not appreciated - make sure you are very clear with what you are ordering and what you are simply asking about. Most of the dishes were simply bland. A freshly sauteed rice cake was already getting cold and stiff. The crab meat xiao long bao is the most flavorful menu item we ordered and too heavy for my liking. Nonetheless, it was pretty good when eaten immediately (before the dough gets cold and stiff). The crab meat is not imitation crab but rather actual meat from a crab. As mentioned, the food here is very expensive when you can easily get something cheaper and tastier in Chinatown - comparable Shanghai restaurants are a few dollars less PER dish which can easily add up. Lastly, more non-locals visit this restaurant than locals themselves. P.S. their vinegar dip for the xiao long baos is strong ***Cash only!
This place is super busy and they have a pretty quick turn around. Orders are taken quick and food comes out fairly quick. Now for smaller parties expect to share a table with other almost like when you have dim sum. We ordered a few things just for a snack and everything was yummy. Now there most popular item is the steamed soup dumplings. That was  the main reason for our visit and glad we got to try them .
Good soup dumplings. To be honest, not sure I think it's worth the wait because you can get other good soup dumplings elsewhere for no wait.
oh boy oh boy oh boy i finally get to try Joe's Shanghai after being tortured by Doriee D for YEARS with her constant rambling and pictures ! We came here for break...brun.. yeah BRUNCH on a Wednesday morning. Our plan was to arrive right at opening right at 11am but due to some subway maintenance and leaving a little later than we had expected, we got here around 1130A instead. To my surprise and joy, it was still fairly empty. We had gotten our table for 6 in the middle of the restaurant almost instantly. Since I have been deprived of XLB for so long on top of being tortured year after year, i decided to YOLO (like with a lot of other things on my trip in NYC) and order 2 Pork XLB (Pork Steamed Bun) and 1 Crab with pork XLB (Crab Meat with Pork Meat Steamed Bun). Normally, 3 orders would be fairly easy for me in any other store. I had underestimated the size of these dumplings and how FATTY and RICH the soup instead the dumplings where. Oh also each order is 8 dumplings... For those who don't know what XLB (Xiao Long Bao) are... they are dumplings with "soup" inside. To go into more detail about that, they make a congealed form of soup with the cartilagenous parts of teh pig, chill it, and mix it with the seasoned meat mixture. When steamed, the gel melts creating "soup" within the dumpling. If you have NEVER had XLB, please be careful when eating it. The skin/wrap is really thin so try not to break it when picking it up. Also, the soup is EXTREMELY hot. So either nick a hole and pour it out into your spoon or just YOLO it and burn your tongue (so worth it) Lol Back to my underestimation of this dumpling. Size wise, they are probably 50% larger than my usual XLB i get in LA (no not Ding Tai Fung). Its a small family owned place ive been going to for like 20 years. The "soup"... oh man ITS SO FREAKING FATTY AND RICH... after i ate 1 order, i was half way through the 2nd.. i was like oh man.. i NEED some hot tea to help this broth go down. This has NEVER happened to me. I literally had to ask the waiter for a fresh batch of hot tea. Unfortunately ! it being my first meal of the day ... and it being so rich and heavy... i couldn't finish all 3 orders :( i ate 21 of 24 pieces. I mean still pretty good, but one of my fail YOLO experiences ... BUT IT WAS SOO GOOD ! Wrapper was nice and thin but not over steamed and lost its "chewy" texture. The meat was soft and flavorful with its as mentioned many times already FATTY, HEAVY, RICH soup.. Oh we also ordered a Shanghai Fried Flat Noodle (tho technically ive never seen it called flat noodle... in chinese, its called Shanghai Fried THICK noodle so it confused my friend when i had suggested that to my friend. This is one of my 3 staple items i almost HAVE TO order every time i go to a shanghai place. XLB, shanghai style thick noodles, and shanghai style rice cake. Those 3 items had satisfied me for years every time i went to my fav place in LA. Their version is like most with veggies, slices of pork, and lots of noodles. Flavored well and made really well. Color is a nice deep color. So yummy! HIGHLY recommended place to eat and try if you are in NYC's chinatown or just NYC in general. Worth the trip. Prices are REALLY good. Normal Pork XLB was 6.25 for 8.. Crab one was 8.50 i think. REALLY good pricing in comparison to other places ive been to when even a normal XLB was in the 8s..
Average at best. Granted, I di NOT have any dumplings which did look good but the rank and file food is average at best.
Soup Dumplings :) If you want more authentic Chinese food(shanghainese), try this.
Arrived with my boyfriend at 645pm on a Wednesday and we were seated immediately. Didn't read yelp reviews so wasn't expecting to sit at a communal family table, sharing it with 4 other people. Anyway, it wasn't bad or that awkward, but scanning around the room I could definitely tell people at other tables felt uncomfortable haha. Service was DEFINITELY rushed - I felt so rushed to order that I just made my boyfriend order everything  (didn't care what to get) and he didn't look at the menu, he just spewed staple dishes in Cantonese. Food came super fast, it was DELICIOUS. The pork dumplings were good, definitely had better, but still good- dumplings were very large with lots of soup that came on a bed of steamed cabbage (instead of the regular wax paper), which I thought was a nice touch. But let me take a second to RAVE about the young chow fried rice. Holy sh!t, best fried rice I've ever had! My boyfriend also ordered these pea shoots dish which were fantastic, but since he hadn't looked at the menu, turns out they cost almost $17 (omg, $17 for veggies)... he didn't mind since apparently these pea shoots were as authentic as he remembered them from his hometown. The waiters watched you like a hawk to collect empty plates. Funny story time: I was struggling to get the last dumpling from the bamboo basket onto my spoon with my chopsticks (what an epic fai), and mind you the waiter is watching you the entire time to collect the soon-to-be empty bamboo basket - so I think he either got real frustrated with my chopsticks skills or was too eager to collect the empty basket that he suddenly literally picked up the dumpling with the tongs and placed it onto my spoon. Literally no emotion on his face while he did it. I didn't ask for help. And then he picked up the basket and was gone with the wind. Who does that???? I laughed so hard. But I can see how other people may think it was an intrusion of privacy since it pretty much was. Either way, I thought the entire situation was funny and wanted to share it here.Anyway 4 stars because the food was phenomenal. I'm coming back, regardless of the service!
So I've heard that this is the place to go for bomb soup dumplings. We ordered 4-5 soup dumpling orders sharing amongst 6 people. We also ordered some chicken and noodles but I don't think this place is known for anything else besides the soup dumplings so I wouldn't come here again for any other Chinese dishes other than soup dumplings. The size of the dumplings were big enough for 2-3 bites and came out very hot and steamy. The service seemed very busy and a bit unorganized though.
This was the highlight of my trip to NY. The food was so flavorful and fresh. The beef and rice cake was very yummy and the pan fried vegetable noodles were delicious. We ordered the pork soup dumplings. The broth was so rich and savory, it was mind blowing.  I can't get that flavor out of my head it was so good. This will be a tradition for me when in NY. Bravo!!!
I've been to several places that serve soup dumplings and Joe Shanghai is without a doubt the best. They are the largest, most flavorful and the richest of broths. 8 pork dumplings for only 6.25, get 2 orders of those for 2 people and you very well may be full.Other than soup dumplings which they refer to is steamed buns , I heard that the fried noodles which is the equivalent to lo mein is delicious too.There is often a wait but if you can go at 5 or 6pm you might beat the rush.The service is quick so don't expect to hang. Joe Shanghai runs a good business.
I was so excited to try this place as it is supposed to be known for the XLBs. But, sadly this place is all hype. We got the dumplings (xiao long bao), crispy beef, and soup (can't remember what kind). The crispy beef was ok. It wasn't as crispy as I thought it would be. The soup was not memorable. Their famous XLB was bleh. The weird chunky soup inside had a strange taste to it. The consistency reminded me of a watered down chunky gravy. I prefer the clear soup inside the XLB from Mama Lu or Din Tai Fung. The place is tiny. They divide tables up so you are sitting in a round average sized Chinese restaurant table cramped with 2 different parties.
Haven't been to Joe's Shanghai in awhile but I was craving for some soup dumplings. My fave place would be Nan Xiang in Flushing for it but since I was in Ctown, I decided to come here. One thing I hate about this place is that it's filled with tourists usually, where tour buses would bring them here which I find pretty annoying. Next, they love to make you share tables which is what happened to me last night. Had to share with 3 other groups on a big table. For 2 people, we ordered 2 orders of soup dumplings. shanghai noodles and a pork chop noodle soup. I used to love this place back in the days but I feel like some things have gone down hill for sure. Soup dumplings have definitely gotten saltier and pork chop were so so. Shanghai Asian Cuisine on Mott Street might be better than them now. I won't be coming back here. Wished Din Tai Fung was in NYC.
Realize that Joe's Shanghai usually has a lineup, that you may be sitting at a table of 8 next to someone you don't know and that they only take cash and you're good to go.If you're reading through the reviews here you already know the xiao long bao (soup dumplings) here are absolutely to die for.  In my opinion so are the snowpea leaves, which since coming here I've been buying a big bags of and sauteeing up because I can't get them out of my mind. The service here is isn't typical American service, but more of what you can expect from a Chinese restaurant.  If you are rating the service by those standards, it is excellent. Come, enjoy!
Delicious Shanghai Dumplings!! aka Xiao Long Bao. In fact, it's my favorite! It's a MUST-STOP for me on every NYC city. People ask me all the time, how does it compare to Din Tai Fung?? In my opinion, Din Tai Fung is overrated and is just "OK". Joe's Shanghai dumplings are waaay better! They are bigger, plumper, juicier, and tastier. What more can you ask for? They are steamed over lettuce, so they stay moist. The broth inside is soo juicy and flavorful! DTF barely has any juice inside. Also, here, they come in pork dumplings or pork & crab dumplings. I like both, so I always order a tray of each. The price is affordable like $10-12/each tray of 8 dumplings. (Can't remember exact price, sorry). My only complaint is the service. (-1 star) The Chinese waiters are not that friendly or nice, but I guess that's expected of a typical Chinese restaurant! This is your typical small Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. Nothing pretty or fancy. But, the dumplings are so good that it keeps me coming back!
The place here is pretty big. Took two stars off because the service was terrible, not that I was expecting amazing service in chinatown and all the plates, cups were really dirty. Make sure to watch your bill too because they will charge you more than what you got. The food itself was decent:Singapore Mein Fun: was better than a lot of the places I have been too. I think I like this the most. The noodle was really flavor and not to spicy.Pork & Crab Dumpling: I think shanghai manner's soup dumpling is way better. The skin is really thick, but the soup dumpling was big. There isn't a lot of soup in the dumpling either. I probably would not get this hereSpring Roll: Very oily and is not good. Taste frozen.Hot & Sour Soup: The flavor was really good, but they add weird stuff to it. Like pork blood and intestines. Probably wouldn't come back because of how dirty the plates were. If you can't even wash your plates and cup, do you even clean anything in the kitchen?
The xiao long bao or soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai definitely live up to the hype! And I should know, I've been to Shanghai!I would say these are even better than Din Tai Fung on the West Coast. The soup dumplings here are bigger than normal and there's sooo much soup inside of the dumplings. I've been to places where there is no soup in the dumplings and it's the biggest let down ever. There's usually a wait, but it moves rather quickly. We were seated within thirty minutes. We also ordered the Szechuan Beef noodle soup which was very flavorful and the pork chop noodle soup which actually comes with fried pork chops on the side and not in the soup. I will be dreaming about these soup dumplings!
We came here for first dinner/second lunch/big snack. Chinatown has a super different vibe than the Joe's on 56th.  This one was- longer wait, run down ambiance, share tables with strangers like benihana's, semi-attentive service (same as the other one) and cash only.   Makes it seem more authentic tho? Foods still legit. Crab and pork XLB, Pork XLB- solid skins and large in size.  Got used to DTF and forgot how different these were, really durable!Shanghai noodles -  thick and chewyScallion pancake- thin and crunchyRed bean pancake- eh, can do without this one Always good food from Joe's, the soup dumplings don't disappoint.  I'll never say no eating here.
My husband and I ordered the pork soup dumplings and orange peel chicken. The dumplings were absolutely amazing, and I wish we had just gotten 2 orders of them as our meal. In case you aren't well versed in eating soup dumplings, use a soup spoon!! This way you don't have to balance the dumpling on chopsticks and won't potentially lose the delicious soup due to an unfortunate dumpling tumble. The orange peel chicken was good but not necessarily exceptional. My husband grew up in Seattle where really good Asian food was everywhere, so his standards are very high, so it's not that the orange peel chicken wasn't good, but it's hard to wow him. However, we can't wait to go back for lots of dumplings! I also have a several food allergies, and the servers were very helpful and accommodating with that. This is a must-try when you go to NYC!!
A little crazy... Sometimes you gotta sit with other people which is cool bc that's just what they do in Chinatown.Dumplings are so juicy, full of flavor and just delish!! The YOung chow fried rice is the absolute best! Definitely sprinkle on the white pepper, gives it a nice touch!
This place is a little over hype and popular. The line to get a table can be ridiculous, if I'm going to wait 30 minutes, the food better be freakin amazing. Sometimes this is New York, where dumb people wait a ridiculous long line at places like Shake Shack or Trader Joe's Union Square. The food is good but not great after going through the 30 minute wait. Service here can be garbage. I called a waiter for a check and he intentionally ignored me and continued to walk his way. My water and tea aren't getting filled when they need to be and the food can take a little longer to come out because there's so many people inside.I've had better, there's too much soup in the xiao long bao/soup dumpling. The crab meat soup dumpling isn't that good, just stick with the classic pork. The only thing I really like here is the singapore pan fried noodle. That's really about it.
Jury duty kept me in Chinatown for a few days, so of course I had to visit Joe's Shanghai on my lunch break! I was quickly seated and ordered their famous pork dumplings. They were so scrumptious that I had to order another round, and it was also great talking to fellow customers at the roundtable where I was seated. This was my second visit to Joe's, with my first taking place during my birthday celebration last year. This place is consistently amazing, and it's definitely a staple for those that want authentic Chinese cuisine!
So my boyfriend had been raving about this place for so long before actually coming here, and we finally had the chance to come here during a trip to New York with a buddy.. Although the food was okay, the customer service was absolutely horrible. We each ordered one order of dumplings each and after waiting about 30-45 for our food and seeing multiple people around us who came in after got their food before us we finally decided to ask them about our food. My boyfriend then asks our waiter about our order and our waiter is completely rude and just says wait, nothing else. We keep waiting and waiting then after five mins ask someone else and this person just flat us ignores us, then we finally ask this girl at the counter for a manager and eventually get our food and they still forget one of our orders. This place might be great to some but my first impression after hearing so many good things about their food and coming from California absolutely sucked. Maybe they think because they already have so many good reviews they don't need to keep up with their appearance, but they should also realize people from all over the country visit New York and "hot spots" in New York and they should treat every one of their customers with respect, especially if they can't even get an A (they had a B rating). They also include the tip in your tab, so more of a reason to give you really bad quality customer service because there's no way I would've tipped this waiter.
I was told that there was going to be a long wait for it, but there wasn't. We were seated pretty quickly. I was told that the dumplings were really good, and they were yummy. We ate the pork soup dumplings, and it's only the second time I've eaten soup dumplings, so not much to compare it to. The soup was good, but I had more noodles than broth. The beef rice cakes were yummy, we took them home with us. Wish it was a little cleaner, and less crowded for seating.
Havent been here for a few years but stop by yesterday. It was a disappointing at best.  the XLB or soup dumpling are still loaded with soup but they were obviously sitting in the steamer too long.  In each of the three order of XLB there were 1 or 2 that had burst.  Wait staff was fine. The other dishes order (beef with green peppers) and rice cake with beef were greasy and average.  Quality has gone down and Joe's is jusy living off its previous reputaton. I have had better XLB in Flushing.Whats even more insulting is that a 15% gratuity is automatically added to the bill.  Service was fine but the quality of the food wasnt.
MMM mmm.One of the few restaurants I make it a point to frequent whenever possible. As everyone already knows, they make the best soup dumplings around. This time around, I tried to crab dumplings for the first time, and the (boiled) pork dumplings. Both were delicious, and it's tough to say, but I think the crab soup dumplings take the cake by just a hair as far as the soup dumplings go. Other than the dumplings, I have only had beef and chicken dishes, but both times they have been delicious, and provide more than enough to share between 2 or a few people.
The wait in the musty lobby downgraded the rating from five to four stars. We waited an hour an a half for a group of six even after asking halfway for separate seating. Granted it was a weekend and the place was crowded, still had to make a couple trips to the nearby bubble tea café to stay away from the stench and heat right in front of the restaurant's entrance. They give you a number for your name on the waiting list and call it; if you're not there with your party they move on to the next number.Service was much more efficient once seated, with waiters promptly bringing us waters/menus. The Pork Soup Dumplings were cheap and delicious, and the Shanghai Flat Noodles were kind of greasy but nevertheless good. Always crowded inside, but good if you're looking for a reasonably priced place that'll fill you up--also good for family style dishes, aka sharing the dumplings/other dishes served with the rest of the table!
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoo this place is super cheap and super good! I recommend going here if you love green onion pancakes and xiaolongbao. It is a small restaurant tho and realllly crowded so don't be surprised if you have to sit at a big table with randos. That's what happened to me and my sister but hey they seemed like a friendly family who obviously didn't know what to order because they got fried noodles. WHY. NONONONO. Anyways the other family across from us got kungpao chicken and fried rice so i guess that's not any better. Anyways service was fine and the food came out decently fast. This place is cash only so be prepared! It's not expensive tho so you should be fine. The restaurant doesn't seem that nice from the outside but the inside is cozy and feels very typical chinese which is obvious since it IS in CHINATOWN. Get the xiaolongbao and green onion pancakes for you will not REGRETTTT. Get the pork ones okay no questions asked. Chinese love pork.
Came here every time I am in NYC. Always a line up on the dirty Chinatown streets, always cramped and busy inside. Juicy crab dumplings and their beef soup noodles are a must! Their slow roasted duck is extremely tender and juicy. Give it a try!
Soup dumplings are one of the greatest inventions in the history of culinary delights. Joes is as good as it gets here in the city. It ain't no Hong Kong, but we'll take it.
I never had to wait in line because I got here at 11am sharp on a Sunday! We got a table for 4 immediately and already knew what we wanted to order Xiao Long Bao of course!  We tried every soup dumpling there was on the menu and my favorite one was the crab an pork dumplings. I like how these soup dumplings were super juicy and the broth was tasty. Price is VERY reasonable-$6.95! In CALI, they charge $8.95 so we indulged when we came to Joe's! Quick Tip: Cash only!
My sister and I came here for lunch because we had heard so many things about the xiao long bao! As someone who lives in LA and California in general, I feel like I, as well as my sister, have high expectations for Asian food since it's so prevalent where we live. Especially with places like Din Tai Fung and Mama Lu's in the greater LA area, it's hard to find a place to surpass them. Joe's Shanghai did a mighty fine job I must say. It is an authentic Chinese restaurant with awesome and decent prices. I was not expecting this for New York City even despite the fact that it's in Chinatown. My sister and I shared one order of the crab xiao long bao and seafood pan fried noodles. The xiao long bao was yummy. Perfect amount of crab and pork mixed with the soup. I'm usually one to get sick of them pretty quickly, so it was good we shared. The noodles were also enjoyable. I liked that they were crunchy, and you can drown them the yummy thick sauce. We got seated right away despite the fact that we came in during lunch time! It was a little odd to share a round table with other people not part of our party, but it's a pretty small restaurant, so it makes sense they were just trying to be efficient and maximizing their space. Good service, they are attentive and quick.
You have to wait approximately an hour before you are seated. Once you are seated, they will bring you water and ask if you want to order the xiao long bao first. Don't be surprised if they seat you next to strangers and spill water on you. Also you may not really hear what your friends are saying because it's extremely loud there. The pork and crab xiao long bao are really yummy. It has more soup than other restaurants that serves xiao long bao, but the meat is smaller. The scallion pancake is really good and wasn't that oily. The duck was really flavorful and delicious. However the vegetable wasn't that good. Overall, if you are willing to wait an hour and want xiao long bao with more soup, then you should come here. But, if you are in a rush and rather have more meat in your dumpings, then this place isn't the place to go.
First of all, I completely understand that Chinese restaurants are not known for their service. I have been to many Chinese restaurants in my lifetime. However, I actually walked out of Joe's Shanghai because the waitress/hostess was such a b word. We came in around 3PM on a Thursday.. it was busy but not the usual line out of door busy. There were 2 spots available, one was part of a larger table shared with other people and the other was a small 2 person spot in the corner that they were still cleaning. When she pointed us to the larger table, I asked if we could wait to sit at the smaller one. She yelled at me, saying that it was too busy and that that was all they had. I don't care if the waitress doesn't even talk to me as long as the food is good but yelling is uncalled for. Very disappointed.
Cash only!Pork soup dumplings and scallion pancakes......BOTH ON POINT. I'm Chinese and I've had them in Shanghai too. The soup dumplings are moist and very flavorful. One order can serve two people (~4 dumplings each). I went in ready to go hard and ordered 1 order of soup dumplings and TWO orders of scallion pancakes....order came out to be $14. I had leftover to bring back to the hotel. Score!
The food here is a good but not anything extra-ordinary. It's not something I would wait a long time for. We waited about 20 minutes. Service was quick and easy. Soup dumplings are big and tasty, but again, not something I would go out of my way for.
Never fails to impress me each time. I recommend going right when they open.. no wait =)
There's always a wait but worth the wait! They said it was going to 20 mins but it was actually 2 mins which is very rare!!! The pork soup dumpling is beyond delicious! The eggplant with garlic sauce and white rice is a great combo. The rice cakes with chicken is really good. It's such a shame I forgot about their amazing salt and pepper fried pork!!! It's delicious!! The service is not that great but don't expect too much. At least the food comes out fast and great! They have hot pepper oil to dip all your food! This is a cash only place!
The soup dumplings was amazing!  The price is amazing!If you get the soup dumplings... just get the pork version.Service was... meh... Ate so many soup dumplings... didn't even try any of the other dishes.
Cash only .... No cards!Tried the green onion pancake, crab xlb and pork xlb!!! Delicious!!!The pork xlb had a nice thin delicate skin with plenty of soup And tender meat tucked in a perfect dumplings! The crab xlb was delicious! It had a nice combo of crab and pork together. The soup inside was so delicious I couldn't get enough of it! Green scallion pancakes were very crispy and went well with the dipping sauce.next time i venture to nyc, this will be on the top of my list!
Wait longer than communicatedGarbage bins being carried near tablesNo English communicationFood not really nicePoor staff - not even making an effort for service
The soup dumplings were amazing!!! We waited 45 min to get seated and we sat at a big table next to two other couples. First time dining at a place where we had to sit with random people. It wasn't as bad as I thought it was. We also ordered noodles and Kung pao chicken. It was good, but wouldn't go back for that but would go back just for the soup dumplings!!! Advice: order 2-3 orders of soup dumplings and nothing else. The sauce, the texture, meat all together was ridiculously good. The more soup dumplings you eat, the more you want to keep eating them!!!
Xiao long bao (soup dumplings) are kind of my thing. I was born in Shanghai, have eaten them all over Shanghai and in Nanxiang (the "original" home of XLB), and definitely eaten my fair share all over the US (including manhattan and flushing). It's all about calibrating expectations--are these as good as the ones you get in Shanghai? Not by a long shot--compared to the ideal, they are too big, the skins are too thick and sticky, and the soup is on the greasy side. But--the flight to NYC (or train ride to Chinatown) is MUCH shorter than the one to Shanghai. The regular ones here are not bad by Manhattan standards (yes, there are better ones in Flushing, but again, unless you already live out there, it's kind of a trek), the service is quick and efficient, and it is kind of fun to look around at the various celebrity photos dotting the walls. The crab ones are probably best avoided--the ones we got tasted "off" and had bits of grit and shell in them.
I always come here just for the dumplings when in Chinatown! The restaurant is always busy but the dumplings come out quick. Delicious!!!!
Great soup dumplings!!! Come here all the time with large groups. If the wait is too long, try Joe's Ginger down the street.
Been going here for decades and still my favorite soup dumpling... You can't have it more than maybe 2 or 3 times a year, but it's so yummy!!!!!
I still don't understand why people come here from all over the world, including Asian countries. I thought they would have better xiao long bao over there? Don't get me wrong, the food here is not bad but not the best and not worth the wait.
Pork dumplings made the meal, I could have satisfied myself with these alone. We got here as soon as it opened at 11 to avoid the rush and not even 15 minutes later the place was packed. It is clearly one of the better restaurants in Chinatown, a great choice to experience the area.
First off, if you're looking for Joe's Shanghai, don't be confused by the nearby "Joe's Ginger" which is also nearby. I was walking here using Google Maps and it said "I had arrived" but all I saw was Joe's Ginger. Luckily, I kept walking just to be sure and found Joe's Shanghai, which I was expecting to be more of a stand-out place.It was something like 8:30pm when I arrived and the place was still packed and there was a line outside. I stepped inside to put my name on the list. I told a woman I was there by myself and she directed me to follow the group ahead of me to be seated. I was concerned about the line of people waiting outside and wanted to clarify whether she really meant to seat me. She snapped at me and told me in a very rude tone to "go ahead" as if I was some idiot.I was seated at a large round table with seating for 10, along with two other parties. It was weird as we didn't introduce ourselves. We ordered separately and were billed separately. Having heard so much about Joe's Shanghai, I assumed this place accepted credit cards. But it's cash only. So I walked in there with just $30 in my pocket and was scrambling to have an adequate meal for under $30. I knew I wanted the soup dumplings (xiao long bao) but I did not think that alone would fill me up, so I also ordered the Shanghai noodles. Together, the dishes did fill me up. I was disappointed in the dumplings. Not impressive at all, at least after having them from Din Tai Fung. I ate at Din Tai Fung in the LA area a few months ago and was so blown away that I've been on a soup dumpling kick ever since. People kept telling me to try Joe's Shanghai and so I made my way out to NYC for them. (Of course, I had other business here).Compared to Din Tai Fung, the dumplings here are not even comparable. In fact, no better than some random Chinese food places I've tried in the interim. Objectively, without comparing them to Din Tai Fung, I would not be impressed with soup dumplings here, and if I tried them for the first time here, I would not even say I like soup dumplings in general. They were fine, but nothing to rave about. The Shanghai noodles were thicker than I thought they'd be, and really greasy. But they were tasty in the moment.The service at Joe's Shanghai is non-existent. People come to pick up plates once you've cleared them, but you have to flag them down for more water or if you want anything else. There are pictures along the wall of celebrities who have eaten here, and that makes you feel like you're eating in a really happening spot. But the fame is self-perpetuating and the novelty of it all is really the only reason to seek this place out. The food here is okay, but it's not some sort of wonderful experience that you need to go out of your way for. Overall, I'm glad I got to try this place out because I would always wonder if I didn't. But I paid for eating here the next day, when I kept having to run out of meetings to go to the bathroom multiple times throughout the day. That has only ever happened to me when I'm overseas, typically in Asia. Be warned that the food here may mess up your digestive system for a day or two. Though on second thought, if you want a dining experience that approximates what eating in China would be like, then maybe Joe's Shanghai is worth a try after all.
First time had a whole fish in the US. Great food but so many people.
By far my favorite chinese restaurant in the city. Nothing better than being hungover and hitting this place up for some soup dumplings. It is communal seating so expect to sit with a random family on your visit. I don't mind it as much, but I have been with some people that refuse to eat this way.Wait is usually about 20 min (for 2-3), no matter what time of day you go.Its also byo!
Joe's Shanghai was overrated.  We tried them out and felt crowded and the wait staff isn't that pleasant and all this might've been tolerable if the xiao long bao were good...but they were just okay.  We compared it to Shanghai cafe the next day and there was a big difference in flavor and Shanghai cafe's bao didn't break as easily as Joe's.  We had ordered the crab and the original xiao long bao at Joe's and honestly there was no difference in taste, which is just wrong.  Half of them broke and the soup escaped!  The pan fried noodles were delicious, light and airy!  The portion looked humongous but we ended up finishing it because the noodles are so light!  YUM! I recommend trying Shanghai Cafe instead for your Xiao Long Bao fix.  It's more spacious and the food is better!
Are you kidding me NYC? BEST SOUP DUMPLINGS IVE EVER HAD. Soup Dumplings (5 stars) - comes with 8 HUGE dumplings and the best soup ive ever tastedCrispy beef (5 stars) - so flavorful and cooked perfectly!Shanghai noodles (5 stars) - oh gawd....Chicken fried rice (3 1/2 stars) - it was good. Not the best ive hadCASH ONLY!!!
Like everyone says, you can't beat the soup dumplings. Had both kinds (pork and crab-pork), and they were delicious. Should have stopped there. Also ordered the Crispy Pepper Skin Duckling (influenced by a 20-year-old daily news review in the window), which was not that great. dry, flavorless. win some, lose some!
As the former Duke of Joe's Shanghai (does Yelp put that hard-earned title up for grabs every year?), I may be the biggest Joe's fan in the universe.  While working in Civic Center for a year, I must have frequented this place in excess of thirty times.  Two words.  Soup dumplings.  I try to reserve my five-star ratings for restaurants that have at least one specialty item that will forever change the way I think about food.  Simply put, the soup dumplings here will change your life.  While many Chinatown establishments sell xiao long bao, in terms of taste and texture, Joe's version triumphs above all.  For first-timers, here are my step-by-step instructions to enjoying soup dumplings like a seasoned pro:1.  Use the tongs provided with your order to place each dumpling onto your soup spoon.2.  Bite off a little chunk of dough near the top to create a vent to avoid having scalding soup explode in your mouth.  Trust me, I've burned the roof of my mouth and my tongue enough to speak from experience.3.  Enjoy the deliciousness of the soup by sucking three-fourths of the liquid out of the dumpling through the vent you created.  (optional) 4.  Eat the rest of the dumpling with some soy sauce and hot chili oil.  Close your eyes as the little piece of glory explodes in your mouth.5.  Smile and repeat.  Joe's offers pork, crabmeat, and pork & crabmeat versions of their soup dumplings.  I personally prefer the pork, but my friends have differing views.To be sure, Joe's other dishes are also fantastic.  Try the scallion pancake as an appetizer and the Dried Shredded Sauteed Beef as an entree.  The Shanghai Fried Flat Noodle is also excellent. Joe's is, and forever will be, my favorite restaurant in Chinatown.
The soup dumplings here are almost identical maybe even better than the one in midtown. The service and ambiance is definitely not up to par with the midtown location though which is expected when you're in Chinatown. But once you take a sip of that soup and a bite of that wrapper and dumpling you won't worry about that stuff. I'd eat it off the floor and it still would be five stars.
First word of advice: Don't come here hungry. If you do, you will be sure to suffer tremendously during your wait in line. Pell Street is pretty filthy, as many have mentioned. The street reeks of garbage and sewage and on a rainy day, the stench is magnified. Getting into the restaurant is a hassle in itself as hordes of people find it necessary to gather near the entrance. Seating is pretty sparse considering the popularity; one time my friend and I were seated at a table of four with another couple . . . talk about an awkward experience . .But in all good faith and fidelity, the food and service were so exceptional and satisfying to the point that Pell Street could've reeked of fart and feces and I probably still would've given this place 5 stars. Yup, fart and feces.Right when you sit down, the waiter will take your drink orders and immediately ask if you want to order soup dumplings. Genius right? You order right off the bat and they bring them out within 5-10 minutes, no time wasted. Our waiter was especially attentive and as a plus, he kept poking fun at one of my friends (maybe because he was the only non-asian amongst the four of us? oh . . . . . ) But it was all in good fun and there was no malintent. As far as the dishes go:1) Soup Dumplings: Excellent. I wouldn't say they absolutely blow other soup dumpling places out of the water but they definitely don't do anything wrong. Broth is hot but very rich with a slight hint of greasiness. The dough isn't too chewy/thick and blends really well with the pork and broth. They only serve pork dumplings which was a little disappointing seeing as other places I've been to tend to offer other meat choices but they do pork well and I guess it shortens the wait time.2) Shanghai Flat Noodles: These were alright. I'm not much of a noodle or rice fan so I tend to be less impressed with this particular type of dish but it wasn't too bad. It did noticeably lean on the more greasy side so if you're a grease hater, caution to the winds.3) Shredded Beef?? : We asked our waiter to choose one dish for us, we didn't want to know what it was called or how much it was, just bring the plate out and we will eat it. So I'm actually not sure of the name but it's some sort of shredded beef dish with broccoli (as sacrilegious as this sounds, it slightly reminded me of Beijing Beef from Panda Express . . . strictly in appearance though). Apparently it's one of their most popular dishes so I'm sure you can ask them and they'll know. I was afraid the beef was going to come out too heavily battered with very little actual meat but as crispy as each piece was, there was a nice amount of beef and the sweet glaze they used worked really well. 4) Eggplant with Garlic Sauce: Lucky for me, my 3 friends hate eggplant so this dish was all mine. Unlucky for me, Joe's Shanghai produces a pretty good plate of eggplant so my friends ate a fair share. Damn . . . whyyyy?? The eggplant was nice and tender and literally melted in your mouth; my biggest pet peeve about Chinese style eggplant is when the eggplant is firm or the skin is too tough and is hard to break apart when you chew. This eggplant was cooked perfectly and the garlic sauce they used made the flavors of the dish pop out, even though it did seem a little greasy but as long as the flavors of the dish are enhanced, whatever.5) Ching Du Pai Gu: This very well may be my favorite Asian dish on the planet and Joe's Shanghai does it the best. And what pisses me off is that I don't know what the English name/translation is. I spent a good amount of time looking in frustration and finally I just turned to the waiter and decided to take a shot in the dark, "Do you have any . . ugh . . ching du pai gu"? He just smiled and nodded and 15 minutes later, voila! It's pretty much some crispy pork chopped glazed over in a sort of sweet red sauce with sliced green, red, and yellow peppers. I won't even try to describe the taste. I don't know how. It tastes like sex. There you go. That's the best I can do.I have to say that with the exception of maybe the Shanghai Flat Noodles and even (dare I say) the soup dumplings, the other three dishes completely blew me out of the water. I've had my fair share of Chinese cuisine and I will honestly say this is one of the most memorable Asian dining experiences I've had. We can argue about grease, wait time, tourists, garbage, feces, but there is no denying that this place serves damn good Chinese food. And I cannot wait to go back and get me some more ching du pai gu!
If you want to try the real things, I sincerely suggest you got to Philadelphia. The dumplings in Dim Sum Garden is million times better.
I love Xiao Long Bao (Shanghainese soup dumplings)... but Joe's was just ok - good/not bad for if you're craving, but nothing worth crazy fanfare. For a party of 2 who came around 1PM, we got seated almost instantly but at a communal 10-person round table. This is no high class dining establishment... here you sit, you eat, you pay, and you leave - its a well oiled machine with fast (and too focused to pay attention to service) servers to match.We got an order of pan fried pork dumplings, cold noodles in sesame sauce, and pork soup dumplings. Fried dumplings were standard, the noodles were nothing special, and imo the xlb falls short of LA's Din Tai Fung... The broth was nice and hot, but the skin and meat didn't wow me... My fave US XLB still goes to SF's Shanghai Dumpling King, but when in NY, I suppose Joe's is worth a go if you're looking for xiao long bao.
For the west coasters: Joe's is better than DTF. The skin is thicker and chewier. AND it's only $5 a rack!!!!For the first-timers: - grab a xiao long bao (XLB/soup dumpling) without breaking the skin- put it on your spoon- bite a hole at the base of the XLB, suck out all the soup (careful, it's hot!)- add (vinegar/soy or hot) sauce and enjoy the rest of your XLB in one bite!XLB are best while hot.My sister and I enjoy the XLB so much we came here for lunch and dinner once (we're from out of town). 10 minute wait for lunch and 1.5 hour wait for dinner -- still worth it (y)
Soup dumplings were good but not great - the skin was a bit too thick and dry. Don't order their fried dumplings or cong you bing; they're really greasy and ordinary.
Worth the wait.  Go for the soup filled dumplings and the potstickers.  You won't be dissapointed.  The long line lets you know this is a good place.
Yum!Soup dumplings are the main reason people come here but they do have other food and it's all really good. The part that confuses most people is that you have to go in and tell the faux-host(ess) with the clipboard your name and the number of people in your party. He or she will then give you a little scrap of paper with a number on it and then she will tell you to go and wait outside. Then, (s)he'll scream the numbers as tables open up so you have to listen and make sure you speak up when you hear your number. If you miss your number being called, too bad. You have to be proactive in making sure you make your presence known. You also have to have your entire party there with you, or else you won't be seated. I've come here at all different times of the day and there always seems to be a wait, so I don't think there's some magic/strategic time.When you are finally seated, you might be sitting with strangers but the more the merrier, right?Knowing that most patrons come specifically for the soup dumplings, your server will immediately ask you how many servings of soup dumplings you'd like. They come out rather quickly so you don't have to worry about pre-ordering or reserving your share.Since one cannot survive on soup dumplings alone (or can one?) I usually encourage my friends to also order a few other dishes. Most recently, we ordered green beans in garlic sauce and some meat dish served over crispy noodles. I think it's hard to go wrong with any of the dishes and it's hard to leave here feeling less than stuffed because the portions are really generous and super affordable.
Came in to no line (which I'm told is rare). The 2 of us were seated at a table of 8 but luckily friendly people. We ordered pork dumplings and fried noodle. Way too much food for 2. The price was decent but I felt you there were better options nearby from a pricing perspective. The dumplings were good. I had in my mind they would be excellent and maybe my expectations were too high. The fried noodle was average and there was plenty of it. It comes out hot and freshly cooked.   Overall a good experience but I think I had the bar set too high.
I had high expectations for this restaurant based other's experiences.  In particular,  my companion had wonderful past experiences here so I was excited. However, my experience was a disappointing.  The quality of the was food okay as it did not taste any different than dishes at other Chinese restaurants at which I have dined. Thus, other than family style seating that works well for the restaurant, nothing set it apart as great.The quality of the service can improve; while taking our order the waiter began a conversation with a co-worker, which I thought was rude.  In general the wait-staff seemed disinterested in the customers. Whether it is a cultural dynamic that I do not comprehend or not, the adage of when in Rome has value for any business. Later in the evening I went to the bathroom preceded by an employee.  The person was in the bathroom for quite a while and I did not hear water running for hand-washing prior to exit.This is just my experience and I certainly do not wish to dissuade anyone from trying as it may be a wonderful for you.
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!! I brought my friend to this place a few weeks ago after finding it on yelp! At first, I had no clue whether if it's good or not; however, my parents told me that this place is famous and delicious, and that they even have it at flushing (if it's in flushing, you know it has some sort of standard). I ordered my childhood dishes: scallion pancakes, cold sesame noodles, and soup dumplings. My friend ordered sesame chicken and vegetable fried rice. THE PORTIONS ARE HUGE!!! So worth it for the price! I am the PICKIEST person with my scallion pancakes; I usually judge a restaurant by their scallion pancakes. THEY WERE SO CRISPY AND HOT AND FRESH AND THIN!! If you've truly tried scallion pancakes in Taiwan, you would know that it should NEVER be doughy, and have very little scallions. Joe's Shanghai NAILED it! Even my friend, who only eats american-chinese food, fell in love with it and made me promise to bring him back here to have some more. The sesame noodle was alright; they did well with the sauce but the noodle was too thick. The portions for soup dumplings, fried rice, and sesame chicken were HUGE!!!! Perfect, if not, a bit too much (which is never bad). LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!!!!
Great authentic Chinese food! Get the soup dumplings!
I have seen so many recommendation about this place so i was expecting a lot... Abd was REALLY disapointed! Food wasn't good or either fresh...
I give this place 3.5 stars.  The soup dumplings were good but not absolutely amazing. I have had better out in san franciso.  We also ordered a black peppered duck, which was pretty good. It was a deep fried duck which we dip into salt and white pepper on the side.  Honestly dont see whats all the hype is about.  Have not tried any other places in new york to compare so maybe the best there.  I can say it is better than din tai fung for comparison.
Very nice Chinatown restaurant. Fast service and the food was very good. In my opinion, it tasted very similar to Chinese food you would get a fast-food take out joint, but then again, late at night, that is the best food you can ask for! Be prepared not have your own table, if you're with a group of fewer than, say seven people. It's a crowded place, and they tend to have too few tables for all the people who want to eat there. So you may have to have some awkward conversations or even more awkward food-jealousy conversations which will prompt you to share your food. Didn't bother me much, since the prices were so low. And who knows, maybe you can make some new friends this way. Reminded me of going to a hibachi joint once; sharing tables isn't a bad thing but you should be aware that it could happen, and be prepared for it?Surprisingly, street parking was easy to find on Mott street. Even on a Saturday night, there seemed to be abundant free parking (1 hour, but it didn't look like there were any brownies out there), so that's some good news for driving folks. Overall good service and good food, very reasonable prices for a city restaurant, and very clean for this type of establishment!
Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! Dumplings. Just AMAZING. We got there at the perfect time because the line was not to long but by the time we walked out, there was a huge line! We ordered 1 order of the pork dumping and one of the crab-pork dumpling. Both were great. But if I had to choose, I'd choose the pork. There were many other shops that served dumplings but I'm glad we chose this one.
The scallion pancakes were delicious, the crab&pork soup dumplings were okay I wish they were more hot, and the Shanghai noodles was alright. I would come just for the pancakes.
After years of wanting to check this place out, I finally did so and unfortunately found it pretty lacking. First, the soup dumplings, what they are known for. Not soupy and I'm guessing the top of the dumpling should not be dried out and hard. Disappointing. We also had some cold meat dishes and found them pretty mediocre and a little salty. The shredded turnip cake and pea shoots were quite good, however.Lastly, the prices are a little high for china town and the place is very cramped. It seems they have gotten a little complacent and I hope they can get back to what earned them such a high rating in the first place.
Oh Joe's,We've been going to Joe's for a very long time so I figured it was about damn time I wrote them a gleaming review. Call me a no-taste having basic plebian but I think Joe's Shanghai has the best tasting Xiao Long Baos (XLBs) anywhere this side of the Andromeda Galaxy. Better than Shanghai Manor, better than Ding Tai Fung (shoutout to the Taiwanese), better than Cheng Huang Miao (shoutout to the Shanghainese), and better than anywhere else you're going to suggest.Heads up - wait is always 30min+. Might explain why the food always tastes so good. Others may dock it a star or two for the slow rotation but I don't blame em. Here's what we ordered:10 Pork XLBs／猪肉小笼包: In a lot of remote places outside of the developed world you don't have all of the superfluous items that the rest of the world has, all you have are your basic necessities - the things that you need. If Joe's were that remote place, and you were that simple farmboy, then Pork soup dumplings would be that basic necessity. If this were all you ordered, then that would be A-ok. Thin skin, nectar of the gods (soup), and fragrant-ass pork. I have seen the face of heaven and it is served in a bamboo basket. Pro tip- bite the top off first to avoid work-related injuries.10 Crab XLBs／蟹粉小笼包: Every light casts a shadow, and every yang must have a yin. So it is with pork and crab XLBs. Eat a pork then eat a crab, then eat another pork. It's the circle of life. The soup is a little stonger due to the aroma of the crab and almost resembles a light seafood broth/base. The filling leaves a tiny bit to be desired since sometimes the crab meat can be a little loose, but that's probably due to the excess water of the crab meat. Scallion Pancakes/葱油饼: Another go-to dish whenever we pay a visit to Joe's. Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. Pro tip- use the scallion pancake to mop up the leftover vinegar/soup spillover on your plate for guaranteed high-cholesterol and saturated fats.Shanghai Thick Noodles/上海抄粗面: A slight variation to the usual take-out restaurant chow mein fanfare. I'm usually not a big fan of ordering this dish since I don't see what's so special and I'd rather save room for the XLBs. Not bad though, it's just a shame that it has to share a roof with dishes that are so much better. Kindof like how Stockton/Malone were great players that unfortunately had to play in the Jordan era. Ham and Pork Shank Soup/腌笃鲜: Growing up, one of my best friend's family was Shanghainese and they used to make this soup all the time. They'd make it so good that my parents would call in advance whenever we'd have dinner together to make sure they were making it; if they weren't, they'd offer to buy the requisite ingredients to make it. Joe's, while not as great as those made by the Li family (names changed to protect those involved), was not bad. The pork was tender and the soup was aromatic or 'xian' enough. The only thing lacking were the bamboo shoots. You could tell that they were from a can bought from HK Supermarket a few blocks down.The wait might suck but Joe's is definitely worth the wait and the possible communal seating if they're packed. Hopefully you happen to sit across from a billionaire or your potential future wife/husband?
Yes this place is very touristy and yes the lines can be long on the weekends but they do very well on what most ppl go there for: the xiao long bao or the soupy dumplings. Now I can't say they are the best bc I've heard some other places in chinatown and queen's chinatown that rival these, but compared to the westcoast's reigning champ Din Tai Fung, I have to say they do edge them out slightly, mainly because of the amt of juice in Joe's dumplings and obviously the cost. As soon as you are seated the first thing they ask is if you want the dumplings. You have the choice of crab or pork. My fav is prolly the pork but the crab is good too but the broth can be really rich and after a few of them im kinda over it. If your with a group I rec getting an order of both (comes in 8 each). With the dumplings they are also known for their scallion pancake which isn't thing fancy but a fried asian pancake with scallions but its pretty good to snack on while you're waiting. I probably don't rec ordering other stuff on the menu unless you are having an all out dinner here since most dishes are family style and come in large portions. TIP: It's cash only and 15% tip is already added to the bill. Don't forget to immediately add ur name to the waiting list when u get there esp if you have a big group.
I felt like this place is overrated. I prefer nanxiang in flushing over this. The skin is thinner, which I liked but the soup was better over at nanxiang. The pics of famous people on the wall was cool though.
I absolutely love this place! I was introduced during my previous visit to NYC a few months back.  I remember how all of my friends would always rave over how good Chinese food is in New York City, so i asked 'where's the best place to get Chinese' and Joe's Shanghai was the answer. And yes it was. Being that this is my second visit to NYC this year since being introduced to this place, it is now one of those places i will not leave NYC without going to before doing so.You have to start off with at least one order of those damn soup dumplings (my god!) and i don't mean damn in a bad way, those things are crack! and lest not forget the scallion pancakes, man i die for those things, just die.  I usually order the general tsao's chicken with white rice, i love it, and ya just can't go wrong with it.I've had samples of other dishes and i can't say i've tried anything that was bad, although our server suggested we stay away from the skewered duck (i believe that's what it was) we saw it delivered to another table and the presentation was amazing, so when we asked what it was, he told us, then he said to stay away from it, lol.P.S. the jalapeños are not regular hot, those things are like the hydroponics of peppers, be warned.  Also it's a cash only joint, so keep that in mind. Enjoy!
I really like Joe's and haven't had a chance to try the Queens location but am hoping their wait isn't as bad. The dumplings are awesome...really flavorful and sticky. I really do love their Shanghainese noodles though, no where else can I find a more delicious version of the Shanghainese soup. So some tips, there will be a wait, the service is not that great, please be mindful and eat and get out, the place stinks to high heaven of the vinegar soy dipping sauce, some like it, others can't bear it, but too bad because you'll be in the thick of it. Order as soon as you sit down. look at the menu as you wait and go in prepared. the food comes out fast and you can get your fill.
I'm so tired of my out-of-towner friends asking me to take them to eat here. How many times do I have to tell you that I don't want to come here? It's not good!First off, I hate the name of this restaurant. What Chinese person names their kid, Joe? No offense to Chinese people named Joe, but the name of the restaurant is basically setting up the target market of those who'd be appealed by this name and come to eat here.If you've had soup dumplings in Los Angeles (as one fellow Yelper mentioned, Din Tai Fung in Arcadia is amazing, and I'm not sure why they haven't opened a NYC branch) or the soup dumplings with the straw in Shanghai, then this place sucks. It's definitely not a place where people are supposed to expect authentic Shanghainese soup dumplings. Aside from their mediocre soup dumplings, the food on their menu is also pretty sub-par, that is, if you eat Chinese food on a daily basis. But if you enjoy Panda Express, then you probably think this place is the most authentic Chinese food you've ever tasted. I equate Mid-Western Americans eating here to a Chinese man from China coming to NYC to eat street cart hot dogs and saying that it's the most amazing hot dog he's ever had.  So, I just don't understand what the hype is all about, and why there's always such a long line?
Here are the 4 basic things you need to know before coming here:1. No matter how many in your party, the lady will tell you 30 mins. ( this is a lie )2. You wait outside with your coupon ticket, she will yell out your number.3. Communal Sitting (strangers watch you eat, awkward ? A bit)4. Only CASH ( tip is included for service )Additional Info-So the pork dumplings are great, mind you they are blazing hot. I also tried the crab ones which I only recommend if you like fishy tasting food. For me it tasted like fish soup so thats a reference point. I shared this with my guy, I only managed to eat SIX dumplings before I felt like I couldn't move or breathe for that matter. I would recommend sharing one single order between two people. The scallion pancakes awesome (dip these in the juices that leak from the dumplings. Yummo)You get wet naps and oranges when you ask for the check. Your welcome.
Went here with two other people for dinner last night. We shared all dishes, and agreed that this was one of the worst meals of our lives. Out of seven dishes, only the cold sesame noodles were good.Boiled pork dumplings- Gummy, spongey dumpling wrapper like those on cheap frozen supermarket dumplings. The filling was spongy and tasted off, like the pork had been frozen and thawed many times. It also exuded a rancid tasting grease.Soup dumplings - Soup filling tasted like hot garbage.Seasonal Vegetable - Bok Choy was cold, wilted, and drenched in oil. Asked for dish to be prepared 'hot and spicy', but it was completely bland.Singapore noodles - The shredded chicken was dry and gummy, tasted like cardboard, and stuck between your teeth. The noodles tasted like the inside of an old curry jar. The shrimp was completely inedible.Sesame chicken - Edible, but barely. Completely shellacked with an overly sweet sauce. Felt like I was eating candied meat. The worst part of all of it was the price, which was exorbitant given the quality. I would never eat here again.
Always a long wait. You know the place by the crowd gathered around the door rain or shine. They truly have the best dumplings in all of NY. That's the only reason to come. And that's the only reason you need!  They are tangy, and with very light dough. Not overpowering.  Truly excellent.  I also like that they sit you at tables with other parties. It's nice sometimes to strike up conversations with random New Yorkers for a change, usually everyone is in their own world. This is a must try.
Not sure why this place is so highly rated.  It seems that Joe's has become more of a tourist destination than anything else.  It's no better than the average mall food court fare.
Horrible service. Terribly crowed. The food doesn't live up to expectation. Honestly have no idea where they got their high ratings from. I would give zero star if there's such option.
The soup dumplings are a must!!! I also love the fried rice, being from the West Coast it is difficult to find the right flavor for fried rice in NYC and this place nailed it!
Juicy little bundles of porky goodness! Order the soup dumplings, and you could pretty much forget everything else. Except that would be a mistake, because everything else is good too. Smoked tea greens, lotus root with garlic, fried noodles, NOM
Small line when we got there but only about 15 minute wait.  Food was excellent.  Enjoyed Dumplings with 3 sauces, Sesame Chicken, and Shrimp Fried Rice.  Yum!
This is my favorite of their locations. Although it is always busy so you have to wait outside and it's a little cramped, I prefer this to the open and formal midtown location.The food is always great, obviously get the soup buns. I love the beef and string beans, the shanghai flat noodles, the eggplant, the rice cake dishes, the octopus, the soups, and scallion pancakes are good. The prices are good, and portions are pretty big so I usually get a bunch of things to share at the table.I like how everyone sits together at round tables, sometimes with strangers, but I don't like how much they rush you because it is always busy.ALSO this is CASH ONLY. Very important to remember because sometimes that is such a hassle.
The environment was terribly crowded, but the food was good in NYC standard. They do the cuisine relatively authentically (I come from that area of China so I definitely can tell). My recommendation, except for the crab soup dumplings, are the smoked fish and Nanjing duck (very different from Peking duck and it's much much less oily and more tasty). They are both appetizers but people who are not familiar with the cuisine usually wouldn't order them, but if that's the case, you are missing a lot!!!! For American folks, try to order something that's not American Chinese food and see how that'll surprise you! I brought my american friend to this place and she loves this place so much - not because of the dumpling, because of all the other non traditional American Chinese dishes!To be fair, I think if you order something that can be found anywhere else, then they probably don't do it with outstanding standard, but if you find something that's unique in this place, you'll surprise (hopefully). Just give it a try! Otherwise don't even bother to come to this crazily crowed place which fills with strong  smell of Chinese vinegar!!
this place is very good for Chinese fan food. the food is very cheap. we ate a lot kinds of food but still pay cheap price.recommended this place when you come to NY.one thing I don't like: cash only, but cash only is popular in NY.
While I was looking for this place, I accidentally almost stumbled into Joe's Ginger, which I'm pretty sure just has a similar name to trick you into going in there. Anyway, we arrived at around 11:30AM on a Saturday morning for lunch and was slightly afraid that there would be a long line. I think we beat the rush, because around 12 it started to fill up and a line went out the door. The restaurant itself is pretty grimy, though that's kind of the standard for a lot of the authentic Chinese restaurants I've been to. The waiters are brusque and don't really seem to care to take your order or bus the dishes. One of them was chewing/eating something while taking our orders and when we asked questions, he would just nod or shake is head because his mouth was full. That's some unacceptable professionalism and I'm sure if Gordon Ramsay was there, he would have ripped off that waiter's head.They ask right away whether you are here for the soup dumplings, since that is what they are most famous for. We had one of each, a set of 8 normal soup dumplings and a set of 8 crab-flavored soup dumplings. I read somewhere that the thick, gummy shells of Joe's Xiao Long Bao is pretty bad, but I like the thicker shell because that prevents them from breaking. The insides were very hot and juicy, the soup being perfectly seasoned and the meat being just the right portion. My entire family loved it, including my brother who usually complains for ages whenever we get dim sum or anything like it.The rest of the dishes were nothing to rave about, however. The Crispy Pork with Salt and Pepper wasn't too bad, though a bit soggier than I would have liked - I love them super crispy and crunchy. The General Tso's Chicken was accompanied by cold broccoli (why was it cold?) and the chicken was made from white meat, which made it dry and unflavorful. The Chili Prawns were covered in a wonderful tasting sauce that was kind of like a spicy sweet and sour sauce but milder and with garlic. The shells of the shrimp were too tough though so it was hard to eat it without taking off the shells. The Hot and Sour Soup was pretty bad and I didn't like that at all. It didn't have that signature bitter taste and instead just... meh... I don't really know how to describe it. The soup dumplings are great and I would suggest people to come just for those bad boys and skip the "authentic chinese food." It is not worth the wait if you are here for anything other than the Xiao Long Bao.
Alright so let's see.We arrive here 10 pm on a saturday night. As soon as we get seated, a server walks over and grunts,"Last order, crab or pork?" My friend and I look at each other, a little confused. We look back at him and ask, "Can we have a few minutes?" He rolls his eyes and spews, "We are about to close," before walking away. I can understand if a restaurant has their own last order policy at a specific time, but literally 30-45 mins after we order, another party is seated and that same server fiends over asking the same thing, "Last order, we're almost closed. Crab or pork?" Like that doesn't make any sense whatsoever, and that guy seems too angry to be serving people food.Oh and the dumplings are mediocre at best. Admittedly, the scallion pancake was really good. The crab meat (with pork) dumplings and pork dumplings pretty much tasted the same (both had mostly pork, why even make two separate items? Oh I know, so you can put a little imitation crabmeat in one of them and charge an extra $2). Second time I've been here in 2 years and still consistently fraudulent. Hope that bum of a server learns how to live life happy.
Not sure this place even still need another review, but let's go for it!Multiple and repeated awards and positive reviews led us here. Obviously they were right!!The waiting is sometimes horribly long (especially on weekends) but well rewarded! The restaurant itself has a disgusting look and is not sexy at all, but what lands in your plate changes the whole story!Always start with dumplings, they are the house's specialties. Cheap, incredibly good, juicy and tasty!!  I would honestly only order them (several times), some sauteed greens and maybe rice. That's it!! Of course the menu has also some good stuff, from seafood, beef, chicken to soups, but please: never come here without trying the dumplings. The rest is history (and zagat awards).
I know, I know, you must be wondering what the heck I'm doing in China Town when I'm flying all the way across from CA. But, honestly, I think there's something about China town that you just gotta visit and eat there no matter where you are in the world. Well, I came here because I heard they got good Xiao Long Bao. The thing is, I don't eat pork, so I wouldn't know what good Xiao Long Bao is and what bad is. However, I figure I can eat other food here and see how it tastes!  We ordered Chinese water crest with garlic, crispy beef, noodle soup, and a melon soup. The melon soup was a complete disaster, so not gonna even waste my time talking it. The veggie was nothing special; nonetheless, it wasn't overly salted, which is a +. Noodle soup.... it's just noodle soup...  The best dish was the crispy beef. It tasted almost like sweet and sour pork/chicken, except with beef. Bottom line, nothing special about this place~ if you're in NY and craving for Asian food, I would go to a Malaysian restaurant b.c. there's no Malaysian food in the West Coast.
Been here for like 3 times already because different people all want to check it out. The pork soup dumplings are definitely very soupy and hot but they are way too greasy for me and the flavor really isn't as good than alot of other soup dumplings i have had in Asia. The crab and pork dumplings are definitely better than the the regular pork ones. We also had other dishes there, which were just okOverall, i think it's way too hyped up. not worth the wait
Cash only. No extra charge for the waiter bumping your head with his butt every two seconds. It was quite the squishy butt doe.
Bottom line first: The hype is not worth the wait, price, nor abuse.  Food was only so so. Since they write in a standard 15% tip, no matter the party size, they have no problem treating customers like crap. And they do. Looking at the crowd, this place got it's high ratings from Band-Wagon Zombie high star Yelpers.
Best soup dumplings I've ever had! Enough said. Plus the prices are so reasonable. Hope it doesn't change ever.
First time eating here and I've lived in NYC for decades. I've gone by many a time but I refuse to wait in line to get into a restaurant, especially a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown when there are dozens of alternatives within 2 minutes.  But late on a Sunday night I strolled right in to encounter the dry 'yeah so what' welcome of the staff.   I loved the energy in the room of lots of Asian families dining among the obvious tourists and obvious locals trying to assert themselves to no avail.  I'd rate the place A-OK mainly since all the people at my large group table were so much fun to sit with for a guy dining solo:  strangers became friends very quickly.   To sit with so many strangers was a nice change of pace.  But I just realized (thanks to reading other Yelpers reviews) that these guys charged me service charge and I did not notice it and over generously tipped on top of that.  I'm an idiot and p.o'd about it.One of the women at my table insisted I order the pork soup dumplings and kung pao chicken, so I did.  Both were good, but I wasn't bowled over by the soup dumplings, they were rather mild in taste and kept breaking before you could get them out of the steamer because they were sticking to the bottom, which was annoying.  The chicken dish was excellent, not greasy at all, clear flavors, and I never got bored eating it which happens with Chinese food a lot for me half way through the plate.I wish the meal came with rice.  It's the first Chinese meal I've had in my life where rice was not offered. And even asking twice for rice, the four or five waiters were too busy kibitzing to bother remembering to bring some.  I'm not supposed to have a lot of carbs anyway, so no biggie.Oh, and there was no fizzy water to be had either.  "No fizzy water, tap water only."  Ok.  But after saying that it would have been cool if they actually brought some.I spent $30 on two dishes with service charge and my damn generous tip, so the value and bang for buck is not terribly great.So the place was good but I'll probably keep trying other places in ChiTown before going back.  Unless I walk by and there's no line.
This place is amazing!!I add 5 dollar extra tips for the restaurant but not for the service.Hope service can be improved because everybody working there seems to be hurry,which made me feel a little pushed. Remember always smile to your customers no matter you are a boss or a waiter!Glad to see Joe by the way!!Chinese food are the best of the world!!
I only come here for the pork soup dumplings. Everyone should definitely start with that as an appetizer or even as your meal.
Soup dumplings, soup dumplings, soup dumplings!!! Yum!! Recommend the crab dumplings, scallion pancakes and "American" broccoli sautéed in brown sauce (don't know the name..kinda like oyster sauce). I love the food. I would give 5 stars if they would remove the yucky carpet and 80s neon lights. Also place kinda smells stinky when you walk in but you totally get used to it. I love that the crowd is diverse. One of my favs for a cheap quick eat. Line can be long up to an hour so plan accordingly!
Melt in your mouth soup dumplings and crispy scallion pancakes. Adore this place!
The soup dumplings here are great! Have you heard people raving about this place? Because I have, which is why I went. This place lived up to my expectations. Here's a little tip: when you are eating the soup dumplings, poke a hole at the top with your chopsticks to let the steam out. That way, you won't burn yourself. I believe Joe's Shanghai released a fun and a little awkward video explaining this process. Try to see if you can find it online.The servers were a bit curt, but they got me my food in a timely manner and refilled my water when needed. I enjoyed this restaurant and plan on going back soon.The lines are super long during dinner time, especially on weekends. So if you're running short on time, try to find a day when you have more leeway.
This one deserves 5 stars.  A NYC classic.  There's a reason for the "insane waits" and "long lines".  You don't get a better soup dumpling in the city.  Scallion pancakes are amazing.  If you're in a small group, be prepared to be sat with strangers.
The best soup dumplings in NYC.  The food taste is right at all times, not too salty, not too spicy and not bland at all.  I highly recommend it, also try the braised pork shoulder, fried seabass and fried chicken.  The servers are very attentive to customers needs.
Serving very tasty Dim sum, however, the service was gross. I brought one of my old Japanese friend, which was, I think, mistake. It appears famous for some Japanese because it was shown in a few Japanese guide books. The restaurant does know this and pasted some ads written in Japanese. The hospitality, however, is not reached to the level which deserves for real Asian foodies.
Great, great, great!  Loved the Gen. TSO'S, Shrimp and Huan Pork, and Kung Pau chicken too.  Service was prompt.  Crowded, but fast ordering and table arrival.  Order was 100% accurate, and did I mention prompt?  Atmo is cool vibe with lots of staff, music, and packed with patrons enjoying the best food in Chinatown.  I'll be back, and I recommend you go too.
The wait is atrocious but worth it. Here's what you get: Crab soup dumplingsKnife cut noodlesScallion pancakesBoom. Great food, great times.
Dinner time. Long Line.Worth the wait.Soup Dumpling Heaven!Its a long line. About an hour or so wait time. Lucky for us, we got our number and five minutes later, we were in! Right when you get to the table, they ask you how many orders of soup dumplings you want. 10 minutes later, the steamy, juicy, dumplings come to your table. I prefer to bite a corner of the dumpling and sip all the soup out. Worth the wait!
their soup dumplings really deserves 5stars but I just couldn't bring myself to do it because every time I've been there, service has been so bad. host ignores you as soon as you walk in, so be aggressive about putting your name down. nevermind the long wait for a table, but when you do get one, expect to share it with three other parties. and by share, I mean CRAMPED next to because the waitstaff wont even let you leave an empty seat in between you and a complete stranger. im starting off with a lot of complaints, but the bottom line is, you have to try these soup dumplings. skin is incredibly thin, soup filled like no other, bursting with flavor, and soft melt in your mouth pork, atopped with crabmeat (i recommend highly you get the crabmeat ones). suck it up with the other nuisances because it's gonna be the best dumpling you've ever had.
Love this place.. soup dumplings are only the start.. crispy shredded beef i think are even better than the soup dumplings.. cash only and usually has a line.. also table sharing is common..
Beware if you're coming here that you are okay with waiting because this place is PACKED.  They do have famous soup dumplings so there are a lot of tourist.  A lot of there tables are huge so be prepared to share tables with people. you will not really have much table space. I think for people who are not expecting this, the sharing table experience can be awful.  It is so fast paced there.  If you're looking for good service, this is not the place to come.  Only come here if you really really really want soup dumplings.  They are actually extremely delicious! If it's just chinese food you''re craving then go somewhere else and avoid the wait. It is definitely not my scene. It is too rowdy but if I'm craving dumplings I might have to stop in.
This is the only soup dumplings place in NY I have been to, so I have nothing to compare this place to. Nonetheless, Joe's Shanghai soup dumplings are truly amazing. They are so juicy, meaty and rich in flavor! The pan fried noodles is quite good as well. Yet there are some complaints I have against this place. Firstly, I don't understand their mandatory 15% tip policy. Maybe it's because they get a lot of large group customers, but it's still annoying. Another thing is that they didn't fill the bottom of the dumpling case with enough cabbages the most recent time I visited, so many of the dumplings got stuck to the bottom and exploded when I tried to pick them up. Lastly, the wait can be ludicrously long, especially during weekends. There is no doubt this is one of the better places to dine at in Chinatown, but I don't think it's worth an hour long wait. For these reasons, I am withholding from giving this place more stars.
Finally an affordable meal in NYC!  Four friends and I shared a meal at Joe's Shanghai and to put it in their words "how do they pack SO MUCH SOUP in one dumpling?"  Wait in line, try out their xiao long bao, and admire the craft - simply exquisite.Everyone knows that XLB is the thing to get here...even Joe's Shanghai.  Other than the dumplings and maybe the green onion pancake, I feel as if the other menu item prices are marked up. In order to make it a complete value meal, we did not order any of the main entrees.  Oh, there's a wait too...but I'm sure you already know that.
The soup dumplings are on par! It's a little expensive, but you won't regret it!
We had the dumplings (recommended, pork), beef and broccoli, chicken and vegetables, shrimp and scallops with veggies, and general tsao chicken.  All of them were fantastic!!  The wait was quoted as 20 mins, but they got us seated in 2 mins.  The restaurant is casual but it was packed the entire time we were there.  I would most definitely go back!!  We shared a table with some locals and they ordered lo mein plus deep fried pork and it looked good too!!  Great experience, wish I could give a 6!
The place is sh*t. Waiters are rude and barely speak any English. There are some weird yells from the kitchen all the time. They don't accept credit cards.The seating is cramped and you have to share table with 9 other people.The place is quite dirty.Food is average.You'd be better off  by going to an other place.
I can't comment on the food in total, but I will say that I've gone multiple times the soup dumplings. Before I moved here I wasn't privy to the concept of pork soup dumplings. I was introduced. I tasted Chinese vinegar. Then I filed for divorce from every dumpling spot I'd gone to before moving to New York.In that order. Go try some. One day if I haven't filled my body with delicious soup and vinegar (also going to be the name of my indy rock band LOL) I'll also try an actual entree.
I have tried Ding Tai Fung, both the original store in Taiwan and the one in  Glendale CA, and I have to say Joe's Shanghai's soup dumplings are much tastier.  The restaurant itself may not be as fancy as Ding Tai Fung's, but I am not there for the ambiance.  I have eaten at Joe's Shanghai for more than 10 times, and each time the dumplings have lived up to its reputation.  The crab pork meat dumpling is my favorite.  You have to eat them when they are fresh out of the steamer, otherwise the soup inside congeals and they don't taste as good.I have many friends and relatives that also have eaten at both Ding Tai Fung and Joe's Shanghai, and they all agree that Joe's soup dumplings are more flavorful, and tastier.  The only thing that Ding Tai Fung's dumplings are superior are they way they look right out of the steamer (they look much nicer than Joe's, but what do I care about how they look after they enter my mouth...).One of the times that I was there with my wife I accidentally left my wallet at home.  The waiter was nice enough to allow me to use my phone as a collateral and come back and pay for my meal.  I say this because some of the reviews speak poorly about the service.  I never had any bad experiences, and think that some of the reviews are due to cultural differences between Western and Asian cultures.  If you ever travel to China, Hong Kong, or Taiwan extensively you would know what I am talking about.  As for other items on the menu; they are good, but not the best Chinese food that I have ever eaten.  Don't get me wrong, I have always enjoyed Joe's food period, but having excellent food all over Asia, I know some of the menu items could taste better.  I would still eat at Joe's any day of the week, though.
So thoroughly overrated. So pissed that I ate here. Everything was bad- the waitstaff, the space, the food. Everything. There is 0 to redeem this place. How does it have this reputation. I've had soup dumplings in so many other places that are so much better. The only piece of food we had that was slightly tasty was the scallion pancake. My wife had noodles that were bland and tasted like they had been cooked in fat (Yuck) My father in laws dish of beef was tasteless and had been fried to a crisp. My dish of chicken was bland as well. Even their tableside hot condiment was bland (how can this be???) The service was rude, they forgot about us, our drinks were never filled, etc. The space is terribly loud and cramped, which we could all overlook if their food was stellar. But, it's not. There are so many places in this city, places in Manhattan, outside of Chinatown, in Queens, in Brooklyn, that have such better food. I would never, ever come back to this poor excuse for a restaurant.
Xiao long bao were the best I've ever had. Scallion pancakes, thick shanghai noodles, and goooooood ollllee general tso were great.
Absolutely the best soup dumplings I've ever had. I lkke Americanized Chinese food (white meat chicken!), so the menu is perfect for me. You may end up waiting a while for a table, but it'll be worth it.
This is was one of the most worthy dinning experiences I have had.  What a place, very secluded, very hole in the wall type of restaurant but totally worth a visit.  I mean you feel like you are walking the streets in China before you walk up to the door.  The people, the atmosphere is 100% Chinese so what a cool feeling.  The food was incredible!  We tried it all, the best was the pork shank, this will blow your taste buds away!  I'm serious.  You will love this dish so go for it.  We had the dumplings of course.  Great dinning experience.  I don't give 5 for Chinese food as most of it tastes the same but this place is an all around journey of pure happiness and I know you will feel the same.  Be open minded and have fun to be in another country!
Joes Shanghai is the real deal! My nephew is from the West Coast and raves about the Shanghai Soup Dumplings in San Francisco. We were in the city for the day and planned our day around lunch at Joes! The seating is table sharing which allows for quicker availability but may be awkward for some. We ordered pork and crab soup dumplings that were absolutely amazing! I had never eaten them before but will be going back for sure to try more!! Authentic is the key word at Joes. A lot of locals eating there as well. This place is highly recommended! Give it a try!!
Their dumplings are a must!!Should also try their Shanghai Noodle Soup, simply good!
The house special fried rice, eggplant, fried pork chop, beef brocolli, green beans, sesame chicken, general tso was all delicious.  Everyone from our party of 13 enjoyed all the dishes.  DELICIOUS!
Loved it!  A hole in the wall place in Chinatown with delicious dumplings for cheap.  Loved the pork dumplings!  The table sharing was a first for me but a couple of people at the table were very friendly and added to our experience.  The servers were swift but not too friendly but we got our food very fast so we were happy.
What is the mass hysteria about this place. It's just another Chinatown restaurant that caters a dumbed down menu to a public who doesn't know any better.The soup dumplings lacked depth of flavor and juiciness. There is better to be had to Brooklyn from past experience. Not saying the food tasted bad, it was just a gimmick rather than anything overly authentic. Tired of this sort of BS across New York.Next.
I dare you to find better soup dumplings than here .Decor very simple but who cares when the food is perfection.
It's funny. I sat down and the waiter flips to the page with the dumplings and asks how many? I was about to ask "How did you know?" Did he have telepathic powers? Is he a mutant? Is this Asian guy Cyclops and Jean Grey's son, Nathan? But, I was starving, I didn't bother to ask. I just said ALL THE DUMPLINGS!!!!But, really I ordered 8 crab and 8 pork = 16 dumplings. All the soupy goodness made me really full. I was actually afraid I was going to hurl in the restaurant. Lucky for everyone, I did...Just kidding! I was fine in a few minutes. Loosened my belt in the restaurant. Rubbed my temporary buddha belly. Ah... and I had this sh!t eating grin on my face. Life is good. Verdict: Dumplings good. And cheap. $5 for pork and $7 for crab. And, so filling. I would come here again. Please don't steal this review, Nerdalicious. I spent 3 minutes on it.
If you're looking for a relaxing, quiet meal, this is not the place to go. Chinese restaurants are not known for their service (which can be off putting for people who don't understand that); rather, Chinese restaurants they are known for delivering quick and efficient service. Joe's Shanghai is no exception to this rule. Guests sit at communal tables with other parties, which I personally don't mind. It's interesting to interact with all the tourists who are confused at what they're supposed to order and  how they're supposed to eat what they've ordered. Joe's Shanghai delivers quality food. The xiao long bao soup dumplings do not disappoint. I would definitely pick the pork ones over the crab ones, not just because the pork ones are cheaper, but because the the pork ones taste better. We also got green beans which were cooked to just the right crunchiness. I love this place, but allot time in your schedule to wait for a seat! It is crowded most of the time with waits of at least 20 minutes.
Came here for the soup dumplings. Got mapo tofu, eggplant, and rice wine dumplings too.The soup dumplings (we got pork and crab) were okay. I've had better (though I've also been to Shanghai, so maybe my standards are out of wack)Mapo tofu, eggplant, meh. Rice wine dumplings were the worst I've ever had.I was definitely underwhelmed. And they didn't even have good service to make up for it.
Hands down the best dumplings on the East Coast! No other place compares! I've had my share of dumplings.This place isn't fancy. But who cares, you're here for the food. Once seated, the first question they ask is, "what type of dumplings would you like." My personal favorite is the pork.Tips on how to eat a dumpling: Place a dumpling on the soup spoon, begin by biting the top carefully so not to burn yourself. It's steaming hot! Now, slowly slurp the soupy goodness from it. Your Asian now! :) Now, you have a choice of stuffing the entire dumpling in your mouth, OR if your like me who likes to taste his food just take it one bite at a time. This way you can savor the taste of the juicy tender pork along with the doughy goodness of the dumpling skin. So very delightful!Other dishes I usually order are the shanghai noodles with pork and greens. This is a classic dish. The noodles are thick rice noodles (similar to udon), stir fried in a brown sauce. OMG! So, so good! Another popular dish I like is the stir-fried Szechuan green beans with pork. Crispy and tender. This is the way all vegetable should be prepared. :)
It was good. Don't get me wrong. The soup dumplings were good. but they did not amaze me like I thought they would. The size was a lot bigger than the ones i've tried before. And soup inside was very flavorful. The dough for the wrap was just ....lacking. It seemed to doughy for me. I prefer the thin wrappers likes DTF. The meat filling was decent. I prefer Mama Lu's/. (yes i'm comparing to spots in 626/CA area)Is the wait worth it? Maybe. It is a tourist spot.  I say gotta try it once I  your life.
The soup dumplings were amazing here!! The place has gotten much busier since the last time my husband came and you can expect a short wait or to be seated with strangers. However the food does not disappoint and is worth it :)
Other soup dumplings really can't compare to those found here. The broth of the soup dumplings is my favorite part---it's really intriguing and has an almost creamy mouth feel. The exterior pouch is a little too thick for me but I think it helps to retain the broth. The dumplings come out super hot in a steamer. Pierce the dumpling, sip out the broth, spoon some chili paste and soy sauce on top, and eat the rest of the dumpling. Eat them quickly or they will start sticking to the steamer and all the broth will ooze out. Though they offer pork and crab and pork dumplings-- I really can't taste the difference between them so I opt for the less expensive pork dumplings. The dumplings are cheap and an order of 8 pork dumplings is just $5. Their other dishes however were disappointing to me and there were so many other places in the area that offer better food. Everything I have tasted so far was really generic and bland. The dishes were also overpriced, ranging around $10-15 a plate. I recommend skipping out on their main dishes and going somewhere else for dim sum.Service is never really stellar here [nor is it anywhere else in China Town]. So expect a sullen face and the feeling that they are trying to rush you out of there. I usually come here just for snack and I try to come during odd times so that I don't have to wait.  I don't think  the dumplings themselves warrant a long wait, but I think they are definitely a must try when visiting the area.  Food: 3Value: 3.5Service: 2.5Overall: 3
Best soup dumpling I ever have...hands down. Everything else is just so-so.
It's not that amazing . It's good but same as many other soupy dumplings I've had. Prices are reasonable but the place looks very dirty. They wee very crowded they make money they should renovate the place !
Crab dumplings are the best I've ever had. Also ordered the scallion pancakes, Kung Pao chicken and spicy shredded beef. I highly recommend the pancakes and chicken however however next time I go I will make sure to order the crispy shredded beef instead which is not on the regular menu but on the chefs special list. Many people complain about the wait time and make no mistake the restaurant was certainly packed but, being that I went on a Wednesday night and we were only two people I was seated within 5-10 min, if you go on a weekend I would expect the wait to be longer. Fast and friendly service, gratuity is added into your bill which for me made my life easier, note that it is CASH ONLY.
Out of all the Chinese restaurants out here in NYC, this would be the only one I would keep on going to! CHEAP AND TASTY There soup dumplings are AMAZING! nothing like its kind in Cali (yet). Be careful while trying to eat them because they make a great splash. Even after +10 times coming here, I still make a big mess. I love taking the first bite and slurping up the soup. Suggest using a spoon to aid in eating. Add vinegar and hot sauce will top it off! The pork dumplings are so bomb, but also try the seafood ones as well. Both so good and delicious!The other dishes are ok, not to my standard of chinese food, but I suggest just order 2-3 orders of dumpling and that should be good enough for 2 people.
The soup dumplings here are delicious. I'd say this is one of the best places to get soup dumplings in Chinatown, but the other foods on the menu aren't as worth it. I highly recommend you don't go during their rush hour, which starts around 7PM, because the wait becomes long and the service becomes poor. If you are going in a large group, make sure the majority or all of the people are there because this is one of those restaurants that will not seat you during the rush hour unless your entire party is there.
We went back here again after going to Top of the Rocks. we went here at 10pm (they close at 11pm) and it was still packed! thankfully we didn't have to really wait.. AND we got our own table this time (last time we had to share a table with a group of people). We originally were gnna try the other Joe's Shanghai that wasnt in Chinatown.. but we noticed that they give you fewer number of dumplings and charge you more. Instead we went to Joe's in Chinatown.. and it was well worth it again! Definitely one of my favorite spots. Tastes great on a cold night!
Love this place.We were here on a Monday afternoon and were seated quickly but every table was full. The day before we saw a line out the door. The service is fast and friendly as are the other diners. The staff was happy to make menu suggestions and the food was awesome.
Get here early to beat the crowds and remember cash-only! Also, expect to sit with randoms as the seats are just in this manner. Don't expect good service, this is a Chinese restaurant, it is a get in-get out attitude. But for what it is, there is nothing better. The only thing you really need to get here are their famous dumplings, Shanghainese style pork/crab meat dumplings that have broth in them. They come out hot so make sure to poke a little hole and engulf with caution. This place is a must-try.
Usually very crowded in here, be prepared to share a table with strangersJuicy soup dumplingsCrispy, flavorful spring rolls, and scallion pancakesThe noodle dishes were OK, but I think they're better known for their soup dumplings.
Super delicious and cheap!! The soup dumplings were awesome as well as all the other dishes we tried like the drunken chicken and the pork with preserved cabbage. There is a wait usually so make sure you plan for that.
Probably one of the best place for "xiao long bao" (pork one! i dont like the crabmeat) in the USA. I forgot the other restaurant in NYC that is also very good...It's not really compareble to Asia because a lot of them broke because their were stuck to the plate thing and the soup spilled out which kind of defeated the purpose of the whole dumpling...Their shanghai fried rice---OMG ORDER IT!!!! I just ordered it on a whim because it had "shanghai" in its name and when it came, you don't know how disappointed I was just looking at it. I was thinking to myself "oh god, it look so plain...it must taste awful." NOPE. Took a bite and my eyes lit up. I said "Wow, this is the best fried rice i've ever tasted." Or one of the best. And everyone agreed. Also got the pork noodle-- that was okay. The scallion pancakes were nice..but so greasy. My friend got the "artificial duck" because she's a vegetarian..I tried to stop her..but she wouldn't listen. And in the end she said it tasted like rubber and mushrooms. Ew.Oh, there's a long wait. We waited..maybe 30 minutes...or more...around 8pm on a Sunday. I guess if you eat a lil later you don't really have to wait...
I think this place is totally over-hyped. I normally swear by Yelp and the reviews. The service was terrible and the food didn't make up for it. It was over salted and average. Sorry.
Got the soup dumplings and I have to say, I prefer the pork over the crab. Really good soup dumplings!!!! So much soup in each dumpling. We got some more food on the side and it wasn't as good. The shanghai fried rice is very plain, and the green beans could've had some more frying in the pan (they were soggy and a little bland). Appreciated the fast service so that they can get you in and out fast.
Living in Chinatown throughout all my life I'm pretty sure I can identify which restaurants are authentic and which restaurants aren't. Joes Shanghai has been one of the most overrated places ever. Im glad the restaurant is doing well and I hope they continue their success. Many of the local people in Chinatown usually don't eat here because it doesn't taste as good as other Shanghai restaurants and the line here is just long. I can name you 3 other shanghai restaurants in Chinatown that taste 10x better! Sorry Joes, I don't like the restaurant but I don't hate it as well.
Rated best soup dumplings in NY and completely legit that way. Expect to wait. Expect to sit at a table with other people (the banquet tables seat 10 and are filled to capacity). Expect delicious soup dumplings (seafood ~$7 & pork ~$5). Skip everything else. Definitely worth the experience.
Shanghai 'soupy' dumplings as big as your face. Ok, bigger than I have ever seen and definitely struggling to fit on a spoon/inside you face hole.  The bonus of being seated at a communal table means making friends and getting some good china town tips for further dumpling enlightenment. (Big Wong's and Prosperity Dumplings next on the list.) Also highly entertaining bants.
Best soup dumplings in the city but only downfall is this location is really touristy because it's right in Chinatown. If you want a less chaotic dining experience go to the one in flushing. You won't be seated until your entire party arrives but DEFINITELY put your name in so once those slow pokes arrive you get priority seating. I find the crab soup dumplings are better than the regular but that's just me. Get the pan fried noodles as well. The Szechuan tofu dish is BOMB if you're into tofu.
Leaving my footsteps out from this restaurant, it was a terrible experience the price was higher than what I expected. You need to pay for own convenient. Although the soup dumpling is good but it wasn't enough to me change my mind.
I only came here for the crab and pork dumplings. They are very good. The soup had a nice crab taste and the dumplings where excellent, light skinned and didn't break. It also is a excellent value as compared to other places. Didn't try anything else as it is typical chinese food.Only came for the dumplings as raved on the the reviews. Only drawback is that you have to sit with other people at your table that you don't know. That was kind of uncomfortable
Had I never left NYC, I would have probably rated this place lower. The service is subpar, place is noisy, and I HATE being seated with strangers. But I crave xiao long bao so badly now that it's not as available to me. The piping hot broth is so satisfying. I have not been to HK and cannot attest to how inferior these soup dumplings are to the "real deal" but for a hungry American like me, they do just fine. I don't like any of the noodle dishes but I don't care because I only come here for xlb. Yum.
I judge soup dumplings on simple pork soup dumplings and these were really good for the states, but that's kind of it. The crab ones I thought were delicious. Both dumplings had a bit thicker skin than I like, and the pork meatball in the standard xlb was not that impressive. The fried rice was the typical over soy sauced NYC rice, I was expecting a real asian version of fried but still white. General Tso was NYC average. If you crave xlb this is will tied you over until you get to a din tai fung.
It's not that amazing . It's good but same as many other soupy dumplings I've had. Prices are reasonable but the place looks very dirty. They wee very crowded they make money they should renovate the place !
Crab dumplings are the best I've ever had. Also ordered the scallion pancakes, Kung Pao chicken and spicy shredded beef. I highly recommend the pancakes and chicken however however next time I go I will make sure to order the crispy shredded beef instead which is not on the regular menu but on the chefs special list. Many people complain about the wait time and make no mistake the restaurant was certainly packed but, being that I went on a Wednesday night and we were only two people I was seated within 5-10 min, if you go on a weekend I would expect the wait to be longer. Fast and friendly service, gratuity is added into your bill which for me made my life easier, note that it is CASH ONLY.
Out of all the Chinese restaurants out here in NYC, this would be the only one I would keep on going to! CHEAP AND TASTY There soup dumplings are AMAZING! nothing like its kind in Cali (yet). Be careful while trying to eat them because they make a great splash. Even after +10 times coming here, I still make a big mess. I love taking the first bite and slurping up the soup. Suggest using a spoon to aid in eating. Add vinegar and hot sauce will top it off! The pork dumplings are so bomb, but also try the seafood ones as well. Both so good and delicious!The other dishes are ok, not to my standard of chinese food, but I suggest just order 2-3 orders of dumpling and that should be good enough for 2 people.
The soup dumplings here are delicious. I'd say this is one of the best places to get soup dumplings in Chinatown, but the other foods on the menu aren't as worth it. I highly recommend you don't go during their rush hour, which starts around 7PM, because the wait becomes long and the service becomes poor. If you are going in a large group, make sure the majority or all of the people are there because this is one of those restaurants that will not seat you during the rush hour unless your entire party is there.
We went back here again after going to Top of the Rocks. we went here at 10pm (they close at 11pm) and it was still packed! thankfully we didn't have to really wait.. AND we got our own table this time (last time we had to share a table with a group of people). We originally were gnna try the other Joe's Shanghai that wasnt in Chinatown.. but we noticed that they give you fewer number of dumplings and charge you more. Instead we went to Joe's in Chinatown.. and it was well worth it again! Definitely one of my favorite spots. Tastes great on a cold night!
Love this place.We were here on a Monday afternoon and were seated quickly but every table was full. The day before we saw a line out the door. The service is fast and friendly as are the other diners. The staff was happy to make menu suggestions and the food was awesome.
Get here early to beat the crowds and remember cash-only! Also, expect to sit with randoms as the seats are just in this manner. Don't expect good service, this is a Chinese restaurant, it is a get in-get out attitude. But for what it is, there is nothing better. The only thing you really need to get here are their famous dumplings, Shanghainese style pork/crab meat dumplings that have broth in them. They come out hot so make sure to poke a little hole and engulf with caution. This place is a must-try.
Usually very crowded in here, be prepared to share a table with strangersJuicy soup dumplingsCrispy, flavorful spring rolls, and scallion pancakesThe noodle dishes were OK, but I think they're better known for their soup dumplings.
Super delicious and cheap!! The soup dumplings were awesome as well as all the other dishes we tried like the drunken chicken and the pork with preserved cabbage. There is a wait usually so make sure you plan for that.
Probably one of the best place for "xiao long bao" (pork one! i dont like the crabmeat) in the USA. I forgot the other restaurant in NYC that is also very good...It's not really compareble to Asia because a lot of them broke because their were stuck to the plate thing and the soup spilled out which kind of defeated the purpose of the whole dumpling...Their shanghai fried rice---OMG ORDER IT!!!! I just ordered it on a whim because it had "shanghai" in its name and when it came, you don't know how disappointed I was just looking at it. I was thinking to myself "oh god, it look so plain...it must taste awful." NOPE. Took a bite and my eyes lit up. I said "Wow, this is the best fried rice i've ever tasted." Or one of the best. And everyone agreed. Also got the pork noodle-- that was okay. The scallion pancakes were nice..but so greasy. My friend got the "artificial duck" because she's a vegetarian..I tried to stop her..but she wouldn't listen. And in the end she said it tasted like rubber and mushrooms. Ew.Oh, there's a long wait. We waited..maybe 30 minutes...or more...around 8pm on a Sunday. I guess if you eat a lil later you don't really have to wait...
I think this place is totally over-hyped. I normally swear by Yelp and the reviews. The service was terrible and the food didn't make up for it. It was over salted and average. Sorry.
Got the soup dumplings and I have to say, I prefer the pork over the crab. Really good soup dumplings!!!! So much soup in each dumpling. We got some more food on the side and it wasn't as good. The shanghai fried rice is very plain, and the green beans could've had some more frying in the pan (they were soggy and a little bland). Appreciated the fast service so that they can get you in and out fast.
Living in Chinatown throughout all my life I'm pretty sure I can identify which restaurants are authentic and which restaurants aren't. Joes Shanghai has been one of the most overrated places ever. Im glad the restaurant is doing well and I hope they continue their success. Many of the local people in Chinatown usually don't eat here because it doesn't taste as good as other Shanghai restaurants and the line here is just long. I can name you 3 other shanghai restaurants in Chinatown that taste 10x better! Sorry Joes, I don't like the restaurant but I don't hate it as well.
Rated best soup dumplings in NY and completely legit that way. Expect to wait. Expect to sit at a table with other people (the banquet tables seat 10 and are filled to capacity). Expect delicious soup dumplings (seafood ~$7 & pork ~$5). Skip everything else. Definitely worth the experience.
Shanghai 'soupy' dumplings as big as your face. Ok, bigger than I have ever seen and definitely struggling to fit on a spoon/inside you face hole.  The bonus of being seated at a communal table means making friends and getting some good china town tips for further dumpling enlightenment. (Big Wong's and Prosperity Dumplings next on the list.) Also highly entertaining bants.
Best soup dumplings in the city but only downfall is this location is really touristy because it's right in Chinatown. If you want a less chaotic dining experience go to the one in flushing. You won't be seated until your entire party arrives but DEFINITELY put your name in so once those slow pokes arrive you get priority seating. I find the crab soup dumplings are better than the regular but that's just me. Get the pan fried noodles as well. The Szechuan tofu dish is BOMB if you're into tofu.
Leaving my footsteps out from this restaurant, it was a terrible experience the price was higher than what I expected. You need to pay for own convenient. Although the soup dumpling is good but it wasn't enough to me change my mind.
I only came here for the crab and pork dumplings. They are very good. The soup had a nice crab taste and the dumplings where excellent, light skinned and didn't break. It also is a excellent value as compared to other places. Didn't try anything else as it is typical chinese food.Only came for the dumplings as raved on the the reviews. Only drawback is that you have to sit with other people at your table that you don't know. That was kind of uncomfortable
Had I never left NYC, I would have probably rated this place lower. The service is subpar, place is noisy, and I HATE being seated with strangers. But I crave xiao long bao so badly now that it's not as available to me. The piping hot broth is so satisfying. I have not been to HK and cannot attest to how inferior these soup dumplings are to the "real deal" but for a hungry American like me, they do just fine. I don't like any of the noodle dishes but I don't care because I only come here for xlb. Yum.
I judge soup dumplings on simple pork soup dumplings and these were really good for the states, but that's kind of it. The crab ones I thought were delicious. Both dumplings had a bit thicker skin than I like, and the pork meatball in the standard xlb was not that impressive. The fried rice was the typical over soy sauced NYC rice, I was expecting a real asian version of fried but still white. General Tso was NYC average. If you crave xlb this is will tied you over until you get to a din tai fung.
The food was good but not excellent and very pricy. The service personel seemed uninspired to say the least. There must other restaurangs in that area of Chinatown where the money is more well spent.
During my most recent visit here, we rolled up at noon and there was NO wait surprisingly. We walked right in and got seated immediately. We must have just beaten the lunch crowd that day. Tip: This no-wait occurrence is rare so expect a wait at all other times because JS is usually always packed.JS isn't a place you go to for dim sum, but rather authentic Shanghainese dishes, and their infamous soup dumplings (xiao long bao) which are a must and probably the sole reason why JS attracts herds of people. Their soup dumplings are a mix of crab and pork dumplings so for you vegetarian or non-pork eating folks, this wouldn't be the ideal dish for you. Unfortunately, they don't make exceptions. Tip: I highly recommend poking a small hole with your chopstick at the top of each dumpling to let out some of the steam to prevent yourself from burning your precious taste buds. You will need them to fully indulge in these crafty, one-of-a-kind, skillfully handmade dumplings. Use your soup spoon to sip and savor the remaining "liquid explosions" that gush out of each dumpling.Another surprising treat at JS are their scallion pancakes. They are super crunchy, yet so moist and boasting with unimaginable flavors on the inside. They are quite addictive. Don't be surprised if you tack on one more order of them to your bill.Other must-orders/haves:- young chow fried rice- roast duck- watercressThe service here is always on point so actual chow time is never interrupted.Other tips:- Since the demand is high and crowds are rampant, get in and get out is common courtesy. Don't linger longer than you need to. There are hungry people waiting in line to devour what you just stuffed in your happy belly.- Expect a half hour to an hour wait.- Since JS is a compact place, expect to be sharing tables with hungry, happy strangers. JS takes advantage of every seat option available.I haven't had one bad dish here, and personally that's a great indication of a successful restaurant with satisfying food, and a bargain one at that. This is one of my favorite go-to spots in Chinatown.
These infamous Xiao long bao (soup dumplings) are definitely one of the best, if not the best, in the city. Believe the raving loyalists, the newspaper reviews plastered all over the walls, and everything else. The dumplings are everything you want them to be- fresh, piping hot, and perfect inside and outside. Served with vinegar and fresh ginger. They deserve 4-5 stars alone. However, the rest of the food here is kind of abysmal. The only other thing I'd order besides the bao is maybe Chinese water spinach which is decent although really oily. Also, while I do love the crab and pork versions of the soup dumplings, there always seems to be crab shell fragments in at least a few pieces per steamer. If you're into crab shell Russian roulette then this is the perfect entree.
The most I can give is three stars. Crowded and bad services. The xiaolongbao is okay but not super good. Don't go with a high expectation. Oh right. The dishes are more than disppointing.
They are famous for their shanghai dumplings for a reason.  We were fortunate to have walked in with waiting at the door.  Everything was delicious, dumplings, scallion pancakes, pot stickers...  By the time we finished, there was a long line out the door; this was on a Tuesday night.  This place is popular, highly recommended!
The xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) here are GREAT. They are a different style from those you might get at Din Tai Fung - which could be described perhaps as delicate, light, clean, consistent. The xiaolongbao here have a lot more "oomph" to them - greasier, but they have a lot more character and stronger flavors, especially the crab xiaolongbao. It's much more of an experience - a much better one, in my opinion.
The next best thing to Din Tai Fung. We always order the pork and crab soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and sautéed broccoli with brown sauce. So good.
I was recently in NYC for a sporting event and visited Joe's Shanghai based off of the recommendations from a couple of friends.  Obviously I went with the XLB since that's what they're famous for.  I also ordered a peking duck.  The XLB was ok, not the best I've ever had but definitely hits the spot when you have a craving for soup dumpings.  The duck on the other hand was pretty magnificent.  The skin was perfectly crispy and the duck was tender and moist.  Only reason this review wasn't a 4 star is because the price of the food there was pretty inflated, but I guess that's what you would expect in NYC.  I do have to say though, there are plenty of great whole in the wall type of restaurants in the city that wont break the bank.
Awesome soup dumplings. There's also less-authentic Chinese fare for those of the General Gao's Chicken persuasion. Amazing scallion pancakes and spicy pepper prawns.
Maybe I came on one of their off days. My experience here was HORRIBLE....the only good thing that happened was the waiting time for a seat. That's it. It was about 10 minutes. For 2 people.I came here with my boyfriend because many people have recommended this place to him. Raving about their soup dumplings...it was small and not up to standard. I even found a strand of hair in the lettuce underneath the soup dumplings... I've seen and tasted better than what I have had here. Shanghai Deluxe makes better soup dumplings than this place...This place is so crowded....they don't even have tables for 2. We had to dine with 2 other couples.....People kept hitting my chair trying to pass through. My chest was pretty much touching the table....one of their waiters even had to stand between me and my boyfriend to let others pass.....Now the food. We had the "braised bean curd over spinach." They gave an extremely small amount of spinach...is it because spinach is expensive now and they're trying to save food? Whatever the reason, it was way too little to have been served. Now the braised bean curd....it was bland beyond belief....I like bean curd (tofu) a lot, but this? Impossible to like....Last but not least, the service charge......seriously??? I understand for a group of 6 and greater, but for 2?? Since this was a horrible experience for me (and I'm not coming back here), I didn't give them a penny more. I wish I didn't need to pay the service charge either....
I came here last night because my boyfriend wanted to try it. Maybe we shouldn't have came on valentines day but he wanted to try it after our ski trip. We waited 20 minutes... They seat you at huge tables with other people.  We had dirty spoons! They didn't offer me water but gave it to everyone else. My boyfriend uses the restroom then comes back to tell me the waiter didn't wash his hands when he left the restroom!  I was ready to leave but we didn't. The dumplings are horrible they just tasted  so cheap. Cheap meat and greasy. Scallion pancakes taste very cheap and greasy, they were saturated in the cheap grease, taste like as if your eating food from someone who never stepped foot in a kitchen before. They add on 20 percent service charge (tip) I will never come here again!
I know it's a dumpling place, but I love their scallion pancakes! Best scallion pancakes I've ever had. I prefer the crab pork dumpling over just the pork dumpling.Order:Scallion pancakesCrab pork soup dumplings.
Firstly, I don't know anything about authentic Chinese cuisine. But this place was packed and unbelievably delicious. I'd come back again and again if I lived in Nyc.
I prefer Joe's in Flushing, but the food here was just as good.  We were also seated as soon as we got to the restaurant, as we came earlier in the day, between lunch and dinner.Two of the people accompanying me were having their first soup dumpling experience, and were planning on sharing an order, but after having their first tastes, another serving of pork dumplings were ordered immediately.One downside... we asked that all of the food come out at the same time, so that I could enjoy the dumplings on top of the Shanghai fried rice (one of my favorite dishes... so simple and so greasy haha), but I had to sit staring at my dumplings for ten minutes.  Hardest. thing. ever.
This is a very good place for dumpling, old school dumpling and made with real crab meat :) the flavors are rich and the soup dumpling was soupy !You are here for dumplings and dumplings only please, lolDon't even care about service, please:) Ugly place, no service, bad location. Who cares, they have good dumplings:)
Overhyped. Food is not so great, it' alright. 15% service charge extra other than the tax?? I dunno if it's a New york thing but we Cali boys are not used to it
I am visiting from New Zealand.I had seen Joes shanghai on a few food bloggers sites.So I had Joe Shanghai on my list of places to try.We walked all the way from Grand Central to Pell street to try Joe's Shanghai.However came out with a mediocre experience.The food wasnt bad,however wasnt the BEST or the BEST I had tried.It was quite dry also the dishes we ordered lacked flavor(dishes being braised duck,Kung pao chicken,chicken friend rice,soup dumplings and black bean beef).Also we dealt with 4 different staff,2 were very friendly ,however another 2 seemed quite disinterested .I tried asking one of the staff if the wooden bowls on other guests tables were the famous dumplings id seen on the food reviews id seen before I came.However he seemed quite annoyed I was asking.In my error I called it wontons.He gave a brash NO then walked away.So I give for my 1st experience an average 3 stars.However I do want to give a 2.5/5.
Party of 6 had a great time and the food was really good, so I'm not sure what people keep complaining about in the comments! 4 stars b/c it's kind of a hustle and bustle restaurant.
This is a must have everytime I'm in NYC, and it never disappoints.  Hands down the best soup dumplings ever.  Definitely nothing close where I live.  The soup dumplings at Joe's brings me back to the big city time and time again.  I hate crowds and long lines, but these soup dumplings are completely worth it.  Inexpensive and just the perfect comfort food.
It seems there's a trend in the reviews here. Most of the Asians give it 3 stars or less and non-Asians give it 4-5 stars. I've had quite a few soup dumplings in my life due to my Asian-ness so really its no surprise that I don't find these **AMAZING**. They are OKAY.Sadly, the best place I had soup dumplings no longer exists and now only exists in my childhood memories.
Because the place has high rating we expected high of it. But there is not a large variety of dumplings and we didn't really liked the idea of soup in the dumplings...
Located in an alley way of China Town, you can't miss it, there's hoards of people just standing outside waiting patiently for their number to be called. We waited for an hour, only because everyone in your party must be present for them to even consider you, and yes, they do check. It's a small restaurant that's of course filled with as many tables and seats as it can possibly hold and as you walk by the front door you see the big "C" for inspection and you wonder to yourself "why am I eating here again?", but trust me, after they bring out that first tray of steamed xiao long baos, you'll know why. We luckily got seated with two other parties around a large round table. It felt like speed dating, sitting down and dining with people you don't know. The xiao long baos here are definitely different than any I've had in CA, the pork filling was richer and the broth thicker, cloudier and full of flavor. Beware: you may be full after eating 4! so watch what you order. Along with our 3 trays of XLBs, we also ordered wine soaked chicken, spiced beef, noodles with fried pork, Shanghai thick noodles with beef, steamed buns with condensed milk and salt&pepper shrimp (Yes, that's a lot of food. Yes, there were only 4 of us. Yes, we had to take home some left overs, some, not a lot.) What stood out to me the most to me was the Shanghai noodles, super flavorful (trust me, it's good because we've ordered it at 3 different restaurants in CA and none of them tasted like anything) but it was different here. The salt&pepper shrimp was really really good, this is my favorite dish and it was made with so much flavor and spices here, I kept eating them even though my stomach was ready to explode. And if you've got a sweet tooth, get the steamed buns and dip it in the condense milk, perfect way to end your meal, or eat it in between waiting for the next dish.
Tis true the soup dumplings here are amazing. I don't even like crab but I found the pork and crab dumplings to be superior. The rest of our food was fast and delicious as well. It's very easy to over order but it all taste delicious the next day too. Very quick service but they manage their wait like your at a deli counter so that may be a little overwhelming. It's a no frills place but the food is worth it. Be prepared to wait awhile (at least 40 min) because the word is out on Joe Shanghai's. You will also sit at a table with other people and you will wait pretty long if you are with a big party. Great place to bring someone who is visiting New York and wants to try something yummy in Chinatown.
Where have you been all of my life?  Let's get to the point,  It's been two weeks since I've returned from my trip to NY and I still rave about this place.  In fact, the night I returned from my trip, I laid in bed looking at all of the photos from my trip and I think I stared at my photo of the beef soup dumplings from Joe's the longest.  I had to finally close my laptop because just looking at it made my mouth water.  I will be back Joe and you better be ready for me.  You were the best I've ever had and I don't think I can find any other that can do better than your juicy and giant dumplings.  You've got me dumpling whipped for sure!
Dumplings were amazing. Service was awesome. Just what I needed! Veggie spring rolls were great too.. Small, so order more than you think you will need!
The Orange Beef is the way to go with Water Spinach! Very reasonable prices for extremely authentic Chinese/Taiwanese food. A little crowded and a bit of a wait, but great for group dining and the portions are large.
I would give this place 5 stars but the wait was F'en ridiculous. I waited over an hour and a half! The soup dumplings was pretty tasty and prices were definitely reasonable. I didn't like that I had share a table with strangers but that New York for you. I don't like it when people are all up in my instagram business! :) I'm that Asian who take pics of my food. JK! Next time, I will go to prosperity dumpling as I heard it's the exact same thing with a shorter wait time.
I don't get the hype for this place. Went at 9:30-10pm and there was a long line, had to wait about 30 mins. The food wasn't good and def not worth waiting for. There's way better Shanghainese food elsewhere....
Ahh, so sad I am giving this place 2 stars but it has to be done...The Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings) were yum. I really enjoyed the Crab ones - fresh tasting crab meat. Pork ones were good too. Table shared the shrimp fried rice and seafood pan fried noodles. Shrimp fried rice was BLAND!! Even when they stir-fried it with soy sauce!! WHACK! The pan fried noodles were ok- I felt it was too soggy and not crisp enough. I enjoyed the veggies on top but not the noodles.Overall, this is a less than mediocre place for Chinese food. The only thing that was good was the Xiao Long Bao but even with that, I have had better. It was good to try this place though but I wouldn't come back.
The soup-dumplings though..... Only complaint about this place is the group seating, which is a little awkward, but the soup dumplings make up for it all!! Overall, this place is a must when in New York!!! Definitely coming here again next time I visit New York!
To get around the wait, gather a group of friends and make a reservation. They will not seat you until everyone arrives. Cash only.The xiao long bao (soup dumpling) are the reason why people come here. You get a tray of 8 per order and you can order it right when you sit down. Sometimes the top of the dumpling is a bit dry but most of the time, it is good. Make sure you don't burn your tongue from the soup inside.The braised pork shoulder is one of my favorite dishes. Beware, there is fat and skin attached to the pork, but it tastes so good. The sauce is a little salty but very addictive. The sauteed seasonal vegetable is usually pretty good, and is cooked with lots of garlic. If you are int he mood for fish, sometimes they have Chilean sea bass which you can get steamed with ginger and scallions. It's not a whole fish, but it is very tasty. The fish is cooked perfectly and is soft and tender. The Shanghai fried flat noodles are not really fried or flat (they seemed round to me) but they are cooked in a nice sauce and it's a pretty good deal for $7. The scallion pancakes were ok, not as crunchy as I would prefer.The ambiance is typical fast food/dim sum in Chinatown, shared tables, lots of people, medium to long wait times. The food is worth it (if you know what to order).
The fried dumplings were the best I've ever had. It is a must go place. The table style is communal which is great for meeting new people. I loved my time here!
Obviously went for the dumplings.  We tried both varieties, the pork and the crab soup dumplings.  Maybe it's just us, but my husband and I could barely tell the difference between the two.  The crab dumplings are still filled with the same pork mixture but the sauce is a little different. Preference goes to the pork dumplings as the soup is more flavorful.  And yes, they are really delicious.So, on to the communal seating.  If I'm being honest, I don't like it.  It's not that I don't enjoy socializing, but chatting it up with strangers interferes with my ability to really get down with my meal.  So all in all, glad we tried it, soup dumplings are delicious as are the greens with garlic and the flat noodles are really, really good.We waited less than 2 minutes on a Sunday afternoon, I've heard the wait is usually crazy but this wasn't our experience.Probably wouldn't go back, not because the food isn't delicious because it is.  I just don't like talking to people when I'm hungry.Oh, cash only.
Tourist trap. Incredibly crowded and loud, community seating with other patrons. Atmosphere turned me off so we left before eating.
Service was terrible and after that the food quality takes second place. The focus was on getting you in and out as soon as possible to maximize the turns on the tables - while the food is tasty it is not that much better than other restaurants - Vanessa's fried dumplings in Williamsburg are just as good and at less than half the price
My 2nd trip to New York as an adult and I swear I thought I haven't been here. When I walked in I realized I had.That just means it wasn't memorable the first time around. I prefer DTF (not down to fuck, Din Tai Fung) over Joe's. It's cleaner and tastes better! Yes I understand New York is cramped and it's just an overall dirtier city but the quality of food is just better at DTF.But if you live in NY I guess you really don't have a choice.The soup dumplings are what they are, probably can find similar ones at your local dim sum place. The beef noodle soup wasn't as flavorful and the vegetable was just as it would be anywhere else.
Dang, lives up to the reputation. The pork steamed buns are AMAZEBALLS and make sure you get the scallion pancake! You might need to get 2 scallion pancakes even. Being from a Vietnamese enclave of Little Saigon in Socal, I totally understand trading price for service so obviously it will be far from a fine dining experience. I ate here with 2 once, 20 total (they include tip), 5 people for 42 dollars.
I've been to many soup dumplings restaurants but this one, I have to say, is overrated. The crab dumplings are ok I mean but u can find them with better quality and cheaper at Nanxiang Restaurant in Flushing. Plus, this place charged u 15% service fee for basically no service.
crappy CRAPPY service. I mean, as bad as it comes. You will actually be hurried out of this place when you take too much time. Expect to wait a long time (no reservation and line out the door at all hours) this is actually next to another restaurant that serves XLB as well but that one never has a wait. expect to share tables with other patrons and expect a dirty bathroom (good thing you can eat xlb with just a spoon and chopsticks) now onto the bun. SO GOOD. I've since moved to LA and DingTai Fung is all the hype...WHY?! WHY I ASK YOU? IT'S CRAP compared to joe's shanghai. the bun comes with a thicker skin compared to the DTF version but it's so much more flavorful. there's much more soup, the buns come piping hot and stays hot for longer. it comes in two flavors, crab/pork and pork. I suggest the crab/pork unless you've averse to seafood. again compared to dtf's xlb, it skin is less likely to break unless you wait toooo long to eat it and theres so much soup you will most DEFINITELY burn your tongue every meal. here's how you eat one. Pick it up by the middle top with your chopsticks and place it immediately in a soup spoon, bite off the top, bunched up tip of it (where it's most doughy) and suck the juice out from the hole at the top (this way it doesn't spill out from the side or bottom and you don't lose the best part) then if you wish, pour a tiny bit of the vinegar/ginger mix into the hole and eat the bun in one bite. skip the vinegar/ginger if you wish but do eat it in one bite because you get the most optimal meat to skin ratio. the only thing i order is crab xlb, a soup (love their hot and sour, there's more stuff in it their your average hot and sour) but i'll also get the pork and pikled vegetable one if i want a lighter soup and a vegetable (spinach or something). skip the rest on the menu, very average otherwise.
Secret. I think that Ginger place down the block is the same restaurant. Their soup dumpling tasted the same and line is like 10 times shorter.I am wondering what I can say so that It's not the same as everyone told you about this place. 1. long ass line every day any day. 2. order soup dumpling 3. share table is common 4. order more dumpling to go I started coming here during college and it never stopped. I tried other places and there are second best dumpling and THIS IS THE BEST no doubt. however, if you can justify waiting in the cold for a warm dumpling, do so. There are other place to try like a bit over to East broadway for some authentic chinese dumpling and down the shanghai fried bum is good too. Anyway if your asian friend in this case most likely chinese bring you here, just say sure and go ahead with it. Never doubt. If you are hungry, it's not a good idea to go here cuz you might eat someone before eating anything. good luck.
