Can this place get any better??? Loved the food on my first order and it's been better and better each time- how is this possible? Most restaurants stay as good or have the occasional slip up-not Mughlai.. always arrives hot and fresh , my guess is they have a mass of delivery guys unlike other places that make multiple stops along the way leaving your food cold and not to great tasting .. even beyond the fastest delivery in NYC lies some significant kitchen talent.. always consistent taste and cooking methods ..  the portions have grown in size so this is a value for sure.. flavours seem to get better each time we order and we order 3-4 times a week.. I have to say to the owners keep up the great work and to the staff- you guys are 5 stars all the way!!I'd give six stars if they offered it
Can't imagine someone can cook such bad Indian food - not sure if they have new novice cooks. Can Indian good be that bad. I have never eaten such horrible food.I usually do not like to leave such a negative review - as it affects the business. But if it is the worst unhealthy old food in my view, can not help it.
This place could've easily been an overall 5 star, however, the overall service was a bit off.  A weird restroom situation and a food order mixup attributed to the less than 5 star rating. Some irony here though... although there was a misunderstanding on the order, everything were extremely flavorful and fresh tasting!  I was in a rush for dinner and had a craving for Indian.  I look forward to heading back here soon!
It was an absolutely AMAZING overall experience!My boyfriend and I wanted to try a new Indian spot and this restaurant takes the cake. First of all, the ambiance is wonderful, the music is calming, the hospitality is perfect, but most of all the food is authentic as it can be. The garlic naan bread was fluffy and it tasted like it just came from the oven. My boyfriend ordered an indian beer called the taj mahal and it went very well with his meal. The mango lasi and rice pudding (sorry i dont recall its real Indian meal name) was beyond amazing. This place is a must try because the meals was absolutely amazing and it didnt break our bank! Definitely must try!!!!
A small, cozy restaurant in the UES for great Indian food!I came here on a Thursday night around 8PM with my friend. Although small, the restaurant was definitely poppin even for 8PM. Luckily there was no wait and we were seated immediately. I am not too familiar with Indian food, but i definitely liked this place! I ordered tikka masala and my friend ordered another curry (can't recall). We also got mango lassi and garlic naan. The garlic naan is VERY LIT. Felt like I was eating pillows, 10/5. SO GOOD. Could literally eat 20 pieces of that stuff.The tikka masala was also very enjoyable. The staff here is very nice and accommodating. I asked them to make my tikka masala spicy and they did just that. The curries came with rice, which was also great. All in all I have 0 complaints about this place. It is small and can be overlooked, but definitely go in and try it out. You will NOT be disappointed!!!!!!!
Neighborhood favorite!! The staff is so friendly, welcoming, and accommodating. I've been here about 3x in a month and a half and everything has been delicious! Brought 2 of my friends last night and decided to write a review because it's SO consistently delicious. Can't go wrong with the chicken tikka, shrimp mughlai, and cauliflower appetizer- With garlic naan of course!
Such a cute, intimate little Indian restaurant! The service is excellent, the food is delicious, and the portions are nicely sized. My only complaint is that the food wasn't as spicy as I would have liked! I love Indian food and am used to having it super spicy, but this was too mild for my taste. Next time I'm there I'll ask them to kick up the heat. And FYI, the owner said that everything is 50% off during lunch! I'll definitely come back and try more of the menu.
Don't order what you can't send back.  I have now given them the benefit of the doubt 3 times and each time the home delivery is sub-par.  The recent experience as an example was meant to be a cauliflower and potato dish.  It was a mush that even home delivery cannot excuse.  Seriously, don't waste your money.  And such a shame as I have been invested in this restaurant since it opened.  But it appears to be going down hill, or just not attentive to the take out guests.  TAKE OUT BEWARE!
Great Food + Great Service = Great Experience !!My wife and I were visiting NYC from CA and visited the place after reading the rave yelp reviews. (which are well justified !). The place even though small had an great ambiance - Good decor and light music, the food - Gobi Manchurian, Naan, Navratan Korma & Veg Biryani was delicious and portions well sized. However, the thing which stood out for me was the amazing hospitality and service provided by the owner and everyone else in the restaurant ! I'd definitely come back here if I visit NYC !!
Just to be amazed by this place. Probably the best Indian food you will get out of India. And so clean, that only Simone who spend time in India will learn to appreciate! LolThe taste and the way they set the dishes is lovely, and the service made by waitress that really appreciate you as a customer, and who know that there are other options just outside, but the dinners chose to dine here and not anywhere else. Chicken massala: amazing. The lamb: if there is Bette than amazing. The portions: very generous. I am wiring for my next visit...
I'm usually not one that goes out of the norm when it comes to food. My norm usually consists of Hispanic and typical American dishes, but based on the great reviews on yelp, I decided to go out of my comfort zone and try this place out. My bf and I were greeted by very friendly and attentive staff. As being Indian food newbies, they explained all the dishes, their flavors and what they suggest I should try. All of the dishes they selected were very good and I will say I will be coming again! Great food for a good price! Highly recommended!! My favorite dishes were the chicken Masali kebab, samosa and the rice pudding!
Nice to have another Indian spot around here and I wasn't really a fan of it's predecessor Balucchi's, so a welcome addition to the hood. Place is very tiny. 15 ppl max if I recall. Have a happy hour with cheaper drinks (beer n wine) which I gladly took advantage of and looks like they have a half off lunch special for dine in (based on the back of a sign I saw). Ordered mixed tandoori which was pretty good. Wish they took the time to tell you what was what though. Garlic nan was good altho better the second time we ordered it. Gotta have some of that crispness on the edges. Chicken vindaloo: I requested super duper hot and they actually provided a pretty spicy dish. I got a kick watching my friend not handle it well, but they got him some yogurt and ice to help him recover. Wish the water had ice in it without special request actually. Anyways, tasted great except the chicken was dry. So that needs a little work. Lamb dopiaza: tasty. Only gripe is some pieces nice n tender, some tough n dry. Service was good n friendly. Also, the table next to me got a free pudding on the house and we didn't. I felt like the ugly girl at prom. That's pudding prejudice, unacceptable. Anyways, I'll certainly be back again or hit them up for delivery as they're on seamless.
Food was delicious and place was very clean. We ordered lamb vindaloo, vegetable Khorma, goat curry and garlic naan. Service was courteous and friendly. Lunch prices are 50% of dinner prices so go before 2:45pm!
To start with the ambience is good but a little small. So large groups come prepared. Staff is friendly n warm. I ordered the chicken biryani....expectation was it would be close to the dum style but was not even close. I asked for spicy, but that was also not upto the mark. Over all i felt like I had tomato chicken biryani.The good part is for lunch  all items r half priced.
Lovely dinner at Mughlai. The place is small but nice and cozy. Food is really great. Extremely welcoming and wonderful service -!Our group ordered two appetizers, three main dish, and basket of naans. (We had group of 5) we all had light snacks before dinner, so this was perfect amount. Price was just about right ($17ish per person, which is great for nice Indian dinner)Naans were amazing. Chewy, warm, and toasty. Perfectly went well with the Chicken TIKKA massala. What I found particularly good about this place was their appetizers. We had plate of cheese and Indian version of nachos. (must get). Their spinach Saag with tofu was also great, and lamb Curry had just right amount of spice. So nice to have a family Indian restaurant around my town
Fantastic, but be warned: medium means SPICY. The chicken tikka masala is creamy, spicy, and delicious. I find that a lot of Indian restaurants serve dried out pieces of chicken, however, this is not the case with Mughlai. It's good to the last bite! Their vegetable korma was also pretty good. I wasn't expecting so much vegetable variety in the dish so I was pleasantly surprised to find about 5 different types of veggies (and a few raisins). I would definitely recommend if you're looking for Indian fare on the UES.
This is a small Indian restaurant in UES.  Food is decent but the waiter there is rude and disrespectful.  Perhaps even too greedy to get large  amount of tips from a take out order.  I will never go back here to see that waiter.  The waitress, on the other hand, was friendly and nice.
A few of my friends wandered in here after an hour of trying to find a place to eat. We were cranky and tired and hungry, and we were pleasantly surprised when the owner of the restaurant personally took our orders and couldn't have been more welcoming. The food came out quickly, and it was delicious. I'm not an expert on Indian food, but this place is well-worth checking out.
Great location, good flavored food, fast friendly service but their space is too small. It's not good for groups or children.
This place is the bomb, the flavours are so on point. Reasonably priced too! Would recommend the chicken tikka masala and the tandoori mixed grill.
Great food!  Def highly recommended.  I'm pretty picky about my south asian food and this one hits the spot!
This is not just the best Indian food in the upper east side, it is by far the best Indian food I've had in the city. Everything I have ordered has been incredible and delivery is fast and the people who work there are absolutely lovely. The delivery special is an incredible deal - entree, appetizer, rice and naan for 14 bucks doesn't get better than that.... Oh wait it does - half priced lunch when you eat at the restaurant. Must try!
Excellent food, very fresh. Waiter recommendations were awesome and Great service! We will be back
This place has Amazing food and fantastic customer service !!I love the food here so much that when I order I ask them to surprise me and they have never disappointed me. I have recommended it to friends and coworkers and they are regulars now.Some of my favorites are Chicken Tikka  and the Goat Bhuna but everything I have tried there is fantastic ( I just don't know the name of every dish)Happy to have a great Indian Place in UES :)
Tried this place for the first time tonight and it is the best Indian food I've had in a long time. The space was kind of tight but the service was excellent and the food was even better. I ordered the chicken saagwala (spinach) and my mom ordered the shrimp vindaloo. Ah-mazing. I can't wait to come back and try other dishes.
This was my third time eating from here and I have to say it gets better each time. Today, I went here on my lunch break with two of my coworkers (50% off lunch, dine in only). We ordered the chicken tikka masala and baingan bhartha (roasted eggplant), 2 sides of rice, 2 naan all to share. We still had some leftover! Overall Everything was great!
best tikka masala in nyc.
One of the best food experiences ever. First time trying indian food and I am obsessed. The service here is impeccable and the food is delish. I ordered samosa, a delish mango drink (something like a smoothie) and a shrimp dish.Oh yes and the rice and rice puddin was also amazing. Cannot wait to go back.
Food was delicious! The food had a little too much salt but the chai tea was amazing, best I've ever had! Traditional favorites with great sized portions and wonderful hospitality. Price was Also right!Reasons for four stars: scary route to sketchy bathroom ahhhh!
My seamless delivery order got here in literally 10 minutes and was piping hot. Pretty good food too!! This will be my new go-to Indian spot.
Delicious!! So glad we have an Indian restaurant so close to our apartment! This place just opened about 2 weeks ago and my husband and I have been wanting to try it since. I arrived to the quaint spot on the UES and asked for takeout. The staff was very helpful and patient. While I waited, the manager Rodney, (hope that's how you spell it) let me try their mango lassi. Yummmm!! So nice and also very delicious. We talked about food while I waited. Again very nice staff. Once I got home we devoured the scrumptious food and couldn't finish it all because there was so much! We ordered the special BTW (appetizer, entree, rice, naan and sauces). We will definitely be going back!! Welcome to the neighborhood
The place is small, so I noticed a lot of takeout orders being placed and sent out. Also, keep in mind it was midweek and chilly the evening I had dinner here. The table layout and décor is elegant and inviting nonetheless. The service is very pleasant and attentive. Food was yummy, well seasoned and very flavorful- authentic spices used for sure. My friend is Indian so she knew what to order for me..chicken in a red creamy curry like sauce.  The meal of two entrées and one drink each came out to under $45. I recommend this place for sure.
Came here for dinner recently and really enjoyed the food. I appreciated the wide variety of vegetarian dishes; the menu has big veg appetizer and entree sections. We ordered the Delhi aloo tikki for an appetizer (the chutneys were also delicious) and saag paneer and yellow dal and plain naan (the dishes came with rice). Everything tasted better than your average NYC Indian fare, and portions worked perfectly for us. Service was good, too. The place is small and it wasn't very cool inside, but I don't particularly need to be refrigerated, so it was fine. They do serve beer and wine now (not BYOB).
Excellent food and service, very authentic. I definitely recommend the Samosas and the rice pudding for Dessert, a Must Try!
Just got back from a really nice dinner at Mughlai. Their chicken tikka masala is one of the best I've had. The service was very attentive but not overbearing. Everyone was really friendly and made you feel at home in their cozy restaurant. Can't wait to go back and try some more dishes.
We visited from Boston and stayed at the Courtyard around the corner.  The food was excellent. The service outstanding. The owner is a visible and positive presence.  A must visit.
Excellent Indian fare, what a great addition to the neighborhood!  I'm a spicy food lover and the lamb vindaloo is among the best I've tried - no mulligatawny soup but a tasty lentil soup on the menu.
Best Indian restaurant in UES.  Food was delicious (boti kabob), delivery arrived on time.
EXCELLENT food!! Definitely some of the best Indian good we've had in a while. The owner is also very friendly and kind. Highly recommend!
I ordered the special. The food was very fresh. The saag paneer was pretty good, except for the fact that it lacked salt or spices. Naan was great and samosas were good too. I'll probably return to try other dishes.
Happened upon this place after trying to get into the Drunken Monkey a few blocks up, but it was packed. We were a group of four and still in the mood for Indian food. So because of the great Yelp reviews and proximity, we decided to try Mughlai. We ordered a salad, garlic naan, paratha, okra, eggplant, lamb sagwalla and chicken tikka masala. All dishes were exceptional, especially the lamb. Our host Samson, was very friendly and welcoming. He kicked off our meal with a complimentary aloo chat poori, so good! I highly recommend this place for dine in or take out. Can't believe it's only been around for 4 months and already getting a lot of great feedback!
Worst service I have ever received.  Placed an order at 8:14pm which was projected to arrive 9:00-9:10pm.  At 9:25 I called to see where the food was.  The guy on the phone lied and told me it was already on its way, but I heard commotion in the background that basically the order was never actually placed (I had ordered on seamless).  I waited another 25 minutes and the food still wasn't there (I live 6 blocks away - it shouldn't take more than 10 minutes to get to me.  Also, please note this was only ONE dish).  I called again and the same man was rambling something about a refund and told me he is going to send the food now.  I told him I definitely want a refund since it has taken over an hour and a half to get my one dish.  He then told me a refund is impossible and hell send over free dessert.  I had to call seamless to get a refund, but at the end of the night I never received my order.  DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE. THERE IS TERRIBLE SERVICE AND THEY ARE VERY UNTRUSTWORTHY.
Classy place with some incredibly rich food and friendly staff. The lunch deal is unbeatable. Food is served in a traditional way, and is very diverse, from flavorful curry with crunchy almonds, to delicious meats and vegan options. Plus some tasty drinks and smoothies! Try it out and enjoy!
The food was delicious. The portions were very generous. The staff was very helpful and gave suggestions as needed. This was my first time here and I will definitely be coming back. I highly recommend this resturant.
Best Indian food I've ever had. Gourmet! Best of luck to you guys, what a lovely restaurant.
My wife and I have been searching for a great Indian restaurant ever since we moved to the Upper East Side. I am so thrilled that Mughlai opened because the food is absolutely fantastic. Since opening last week we have ordered food from there twice and dined in once. The owners are very friendly and generous. If your usual spot is Drunken Monkey or OM, I recommend going to Mughlai because it is 100 times better than those other indian restaurants. If you want to try something that you wont see at most Indian restaurants check out the chicken chop. It is by far the best chicken I have ever consumed and you must try it! My wife and I have had malai kofta at several different places and Mughlai does it the best. The sauce and spices will knock your socks off. Mughlai will definitely be our weekly spot!
Great experience! Food was great and service was excellent. The rice pudding was to die for....LOVED IT! The owner was very generous with his attention and does treat you like family. Reasonable priced. Will go back often!
Literally signed up for Yelp to leave this restaurant a good review. Owner was very, very friendly -- often checking in to see if we were satisfied. And we were -- food was good, as was the cozy atmosphere.
Incredible service. I'm not a curry aficionado but I loved my meal. Prices very reasonable
I highly recommend this restaurant if you're in the area. The food was absolutely delicious! I ordered the chicken tikka masala and my boyfriend ordered the chicken curry - both were very tasty and we ate every last bite. The owner is incredibly nice, as well as everyone else who works there. It was such a treat and we will definitely be back!
Excellent cuisine;  wonderful service and atmosphere.
As an Indian person who has lived 6 years in New York, I have to say that this is the one Indian restaurant I always come back to. The owner is such a nice, accommodating, and friendly guy and the food is delicious. I'm always satisfied and definitely recommend this quaint and lovely place. You won't be disappointed. It's always a good sign when I bring my Indian-born immigrant parents to this place and they are satisfied!
This place is great! I got takeout recently, taking advantage of their awesome takeout special which is $15 for an appetizer, entree, rice, and naan. Their samosas are great, the saag paneer had exactly the consistency you're looking for, and the chicken tikka masala was very flavorful. The food was ready as soon as they said it would be and the employees were really nice. I will definitely be frequenting Mughlai anytime I'm in the mood for Indian takeout.
I was teetering between 3.5 to 4 stars but eventually went with 4 because the service is impeccable. On our visit the owner personnally greeted each customer and was enthusiastic about the highly experienced chef. We had the  Chicken Makhani. It wasn't as spicy as i like but i got the impression from the owner that the restaurant is still in its infancy and refining the recipes. The garlic naan was spot on. The seating area is small so be prepared to wait. I will definately be back to see how they develop.
Best Indian food on UES. Incredibly quick delivery service. Everything we ordered was delicious.
It's always nice to have an Indian restaurant close by. They have $14.95 all day special with one appetizer and one entree. Good pricing.
Wonderful! We have been looking for a great Indian restaurant since moving to New York in the fall. The owner and the rest of the staff were incredibly friendly and gracious. We ordered Garlic Naan as well as the Chicken Vindaloo and Chicken Tikka Masala. Both were amazing, some of the best Indian food we have ever experienced. We finished with a rice pudding, which was fantastic. We highly recommend this restaurant . . . and we loved the music!
My wife and I so enjoyed our lunch at Mughlai that we ate there again within a few days.  (The lunch special is 50% off the menu prices.)  The food is flavorful and served at the appropriate temperature.  Each of our servers were professional, friendly, patient, and extremely helpful and knowledgable of the menu's items and their ingredients.  The restaurant owner was at the restaurant during each of our meals.  He greeted us warming each day. As soon as we walked into the restaurant during our return visit, the manager recognized us from our first meal. I believe his welcoming personality is genuine and is a welcome touch from the laissez-faire attitude displayed by many managers and employees.  We look forward to our next meal at Mughlai.
Yum finally a  great Indian place in the neighborhood with specials. 14.95 for an appetizer entree and rice! Super fast delivery and super friendly staff. A must for your take out list.
Dined in for Lunch. Love Garlic nan was delicious not to over powering. Chicken Tikka Masala is hands down the BEST we have ever had. Great flavors and ideal consistency. We like to finish our rice in the rest of the sauce and when we had none left then brought us more just of the sauce. Which was spectacular. Good service didn't feel rushed even though it was packed. Quick service. Must go! We will definitely be going back to this location.
I ordered from this place after reading raving reviews on Seamless as well as yelp. This is a new incarnation of previously awful Indian restaurant which occupied the same place, Baluchi's. The food is bland and tasteless. I wish I can take one star out of all the reviews. Eat/order at your own risk.
I love Indian food and my boyfriend teases me about how many meals a week I get out of my takeout habit at the places around me in the UES. This is my new go to spot. Tried takeout on Tuesday night and was so pleased with the flavor, value, and friendliness here. I got the Mughlai takeout special (appetizer, entree, rice, plain naan) for $14.95 with delhi aloo tikki, and chicken tikka masala. Nice sized portion for the entree with the special, not small at all. I also got a full order of saag paneer which came with rice. This was my favorite I've had in Manhattan. The paneer had a good firmness and flavor and the paneer had the perfect level of spice, not hot but flavorful and fresh-tasting. I liked the shredded ginger garnish on top. Naan was warm and soft.  I went again last night to eat in and shared the Goan fish curry (so good, definitely get), and chicken Makhani (wish it had more spice or was more like butter chicken - I think we just picked wrong with this one). The friendly server gave us complimentary rice pudding for dessert. For now the place is BYOB (score!) -- not sure if this is permanent or until they get their liquor license.
My girlfriend and I were hibernating this Saturday and decided to go try Indian food. This place had great reviews so we ubered over. We got seated as soon as we walked in and got drinks right away. I had the Taj Mahal beer which was great and she got wine. The food was flavored intelligently and we cleared our plates on every dish. I played it safe with the chicken curry and it was delicious. The manager came over and checked on us. He was vey friendly and got me a free beer! Service was great all around.
After days of being sick and having zero appetite, I suddenly found myself with a hankering for Indian food. After reading so many positive reviews, I wanted to try Mughlai, but was nervous about ordering as it was very close to their closing time. Not a problem at all! My food arrived within 10-15 minutes - granted, I live maybe three blocks away - and I tore into it. The Mughlai special is a great deal; you get an appetizer, entree, rice, naan & raita/chutney for $15. The food was hot and delicious, but they forgot the naan! I figured it was too late to call and correct the problem (and having someone come all the way back just to bring naan would have been, I think, a little silly), but it was certainly disappointing. I won't hold it against them since the delivery was so prompt and the food was so tasty and filling - it's easily enough for 2 meals, maybe 3 if you stretch it. Will definitely order again!
We ordered from Mughlai for the first time tonight and we really enjoyed our meal! We had the Chicken Biryani, Papadam and Poori. We also ordered a side Raita yogurt sauce which made the biryani even better! You can order a few of the sauces on the side: yogurt, mint sauce, tamarind and mango chutney. The chicken was cooked really well and all the spices blended together nicely. I would definitely recommend this place and it's great to have Mughlai as an option in the neighborhood.
Awesome Indian food, great prices. Have been there a couple of times since they opened and the food is great ! They have this deal for an entree, rice, naan, chutney, appetizer for 15 dollars and its hugeeeee! Way more than someone can eat at one sitting. The people that work there are so nice too. Definitely one of my new go to spots in UES.
This place is amazing. The staff is friendly, informative and accommodating. And the food is beyond. Mughlai is still new so at the moment getting a table is possible and the prices are right on. I recommend checking it out before it becomes the next big thing.
Great spot. Had the samosas, chicken vindaloo and daal mughlai.  We enjoyed them all very much. The flavor and spice were perfect and the service was excellent. Will definitely be back.
It's great having a local Indian that doesn't just make good food, but takes the extra step to make sure you've enjoyed it.  These guys are an amazing addition to the neighborhood. Rodney and the team will listen to what you need (extra spicy for me), and follow through. Can't say enough good things about the cats and very happy that they've moved in.
Absolutely AMAZING food! One of the best Indian restaurants I've tried in the city. And the staff are all very kind and welcoming. The food is delicious and very reasonably priced. Would highly recommend this place!!
Thrilled to have Mughlai in our neighborhood. The food was wonderful !!!!!!  The manager sincerely wanted us to have the best dining experience.  For next few months, you can bring your own wine and beer.  i will be a regular for sure.
SOOO GOOOD!! Wonderful food, wonderful service.  Went in for lunch and everything is 50% off at lunch... Awesome! Three entrees, three appetizers, 3 orders of nan... the bill was $34!!!   The chicken tikka masala is one of the best I've had.. Chicken korma also fantastic... Chana masala.. another knockout dish. The apps were amazing too. The nan was so fresh and tasty. The staff is friendly and enthusiastic about the food (and they should be, it's so good!).   Located in the spot that once was Balucci's (avoided it, really did not like their mediocre food..)..  This place rocks! Intimate space, charming, eclectic decor. Yay for Yorkville with this winner!    NAMASTE ;-) :-)Update 5/19/2016:Working my way through every curry on the menu and every dish has been amazing and yummy and makes me yearn for more...  The staff is great, they remember what I've tried so far and I usually let them choose the next dish.. :-) So highly recommend! ;-)
Came here with some friends for the 50% off lunch special. It is a small but inviting restaurant. Service was attentive, and it took about 20 minutes for us to receive our food after ordering. I had the Chicken Rogan Josh, which I ordered spicy - initially, I was a little worried about the small size of the dish, but I was definitely full by the end of it! Plus, I had used my whole wheat roti to mop up every bit of sauce from the bowl. It had the perfect kick of spice, was flavorful, and delicious. My friends enjoyed their entrees so we are already planning to order the take-out/delivery special soon!FOOD: 5/5ENVIRONMENT: 5/5SERVICE: 4.5/5VALUE: 4.5/5OVERALL: 5/5
I can't say enough nice things about this place - the food, service and ambiance are great.First of all, the staff there are so warm and welcoming, and they make you feel like you're a guest in their home. It's a small place, and they do a nice balance of always checking to make sure each table has what it needs without being too bothersome.Naan was perfect and buttery. We had the lamb vinadloo and chicken makhani, and both were excellent. Not overly seasoned, and well-balanced in spice. The icing on the cake was that it is VERY reasonably priced. Will definitely be coming back again and again.
Absolutely loved this place! Went for a double date on a Saturday night. We were seated right away at a cozy booth with a couch. The service was excellent, the waiter even have suggestions on his favorite meal items and was able to suggest items that were both meat and veggie friendly. We ordered a few appetizers, naan, and saag paneer. All of the items were excellent! The sweet and sour chickpea app is a must try, very sweet and flavorful! The paneer naan was cooked perfectly with fluffy bread and just enough soft cheese inside. The saag paneer was served with rice and the portion was much larger than we expected from the price. Especially given the quality of food, the portion, and the typical prices in the area, this meal was a bargain.One person in our party is currently in culinary school, and even she raved about the food. Overall I would definitely come back and would recommend this place to anyone who wants delicious Indian food with friendly service and at a great price.
Ordered dinner. 3-4 veggie dishes. I have not had such below average Indian food in Manhattan yet. There is always a first. Thanks for special Diwali dinner. Wish I could send it back.
This place has an amazing lunch special 7 days a week- 50% off all items. The food was fresh and spiced well. The naan was very good. Loved the onion bhajjia. The tikka masala and chicken korma was delicious!
This is your best bet for Indian food takeout in Yorkville.  The Mughlai special is a really good deal - you'll get an appetizer, entree, rice and naan for $15.  Feed 2 people easy.It's not the most spectacular Indian food I've had but good enough to satisfy my curry or tikka masala craving on a pinch.  Service is quite nice as well.  Be patient and be ready to repeat your order a few times when you order over the phone.  But food is ready fast and correct which is most important.
This was my first time trying Indian food and I couldn't have had a better experience. This place is small, quaint, but you could tell that this restaurant has regular customers because of the great customer service and attention that the owner gives to each customer.We ordered the following dishes:- lasuni gobi (fried cauliflower in a tangy spicy sauce)- channa saag (chickpeas sautéed in spinach with spices)- mughlai special dum biryani (a bunch of meats in basmati rice and spices)I usually never eat chickpeas except for in hummus, and I barely eat that too, but after the waiter's recommendation I decided to give it a shot since I had no idea what to get haha! All three dishes were very good and super flavorful--don't let my lack of better descriptions for each dish fool you!When we spoke to the owner and shared that it was basically my first time ever eating Indian food, he was genuinely so pleased and even offered us a dessert on the house when usually managers never do! I'm very glad to have had my first experience at Mughlai Indian Cuisine and DEFINITELY recommend it to people who are in the Upper East Side and want some great service and great food :)
We liked this place and the food very much!Highly recommended.We came following the recommendations from Yelp, and were very pleased with the flavor.It is a small place, but if you are around and want to have a delicious Indian food, this is a good place. Portions are not big and nan is very good.
Absolutely amazing! Some of the best Indian I've eaten. We ordered the chicken tikka masala, lamb bhuna, mughlai vegetable curry, chicken tandoori, and goa shrimp curry. Everything was incredible! And the owner was SO kind and welcoming.
So happy to have this delish Indian resto in the neighborhood.  My favorite local spot has been closed for some time now and couldn't find a replacement...until now!Whether dining in or taking out, everything has been amazing. The mali kebabs are plump and juicy, the biryani dishes are very flavorful with nice kick to them (although, I have yet to embrace the fried egg it comes with). The saag dishes are always tasty and the korma is probably one of the best ones I've had. Sauce is the perfect consistency - not too thin, not too thick, filled w/loads of chicken. Samosas - yum!  The naan travels very well - not soggy by the time we rip open the tin foil it comes in. Sometimes extra goodies appear with our order...rice pudding or extra pieces of chicken...nice!  Super friendly staff, as well.Really hope this place sticks around b/c the food is excellent!
The food was decent and limited use of oil and butter that really works for me however the quantity was very less.. not even sufficient for two people.. for that price I would expect more Overall their dishes tasted good and had homemade flavor to it..
For online ordering: Do not pre-tip. Their delivery guy is the worst.
Great food and delivery time. I ordered daal tadka (yellow lentils with rice),  papri chat and garlic naan.The experience went from not the best to above average and will definitely order from them again. The delivery person was rude, blasting his headphones not paying attention when I opened the door.  And when I opened the daal/ lentils I thought by glancing it was too soupy for my tastes, as I prefer solid lentils in my dal.  I  thought I would be disappointed. But, as I tasted the dal, the unique flavor and spices...  wow. It didn't matter my preference for how the lentils were cooked because the flavor was amazing. Also the rice was perfectly cooked ... Loved .The papri chat was a little too citrusy and with too many large potato chunks for my preference, though the amount of crunch and chick peas were super. I realize variations in these dishes are personal and what I prefer someone else may not .While the delivery man provided poor service, because of the interesting spices/ flavors of the daal and incredible rice and naan, I will absolutely order from here again (requesting a good delivery person).
Super cute intimate restaurant with friendly and helpful staff! Decorations were very pretty and I loved the lamps. Lights were dim for a romantic evening mood. I was very pleased with my veggie curry as well as the naan, which was the perfect combination of light and doughy. Will definitely be returning in the future!
I love ordering from here! My favorite is their goat biryani!!! Compared to other Indian restaurants around the neighborhood, their food actually has flavor and you can taste the difference in the all of their dishes! And their delivery guy (the Bengali one) is super nice!
Found this restaurant on Yelp and came because of the great reviews. Just a few blocks away from us so it was super convenient. We were greeted by Samson and from there the service was swift but great. We started with the Mango Lassi and Samosas (both were great) followed by my Chicken Tikka Masala and I'm not sure which chicken dish my husband got but he enjoyed it! The staff here were really friendly and attentive! Thanks again Samson we will be back! Rich and Shameika
I placed an order here for delivery a few nights ago. I already had dinner but had a sudden pang for Indian, but didn't want to leave my warm apartment- it was snowstorming outside. I turned to yelp for help, and up pops Mughlai. I ordered one of their dinner specials (appetizer, entre, rice, naan) + a mango lassi. I chose a fish appetizer and lamb vindaloo, spicy. Food took a really long time to arrive, I think 1 1/2 hours? I was getting hangry, but it's understandable since the weather was so bad. I'm sure lots of people were ordering delivery that night, in addition to it being even more difficult to get around the city.The food arrived cool, but again, understandable. Anyway! Verdict on food: delicious! The spicy was seriously spicy! I had to take a break while eating. I've never had this experience eating any spicy cuisine. I appreicated that their spicy levels are actually truly spicy. Food was so good that I'm looking forward to coming in and dining one of these nights. Definitely will order from here again!
This restaurant is delicious! And the staff is incredibly nice and accommodating. Great deal, delivery and take out $14.95 for 1 appetizer, 1 entree plus the fixings-rice, naan, and chutney. We had the samosas (delicious) aloo papri chaat (my new favorite) chicken tikka (great) and the Chana masala (another great one). Most definitely check this place out!!!!!!
Wow, what a great place. Unfortunately I forgot the very friendly gentleman's name, but he owns the place. I felt like I was a part of his family, and he gave me dessert on the house!    My fiancé is a vegetarian and I liked how there were several different choices for her. We shared two apps (forgot the names, but both were potato based and filling) she had the chickpea Marsala and I had the chicken tikka masala with garlic naan. It was her first time having Indian and for myself, although farthest from Indian, grew up in an Indian neighborhood and went straight for comfort when it came to my entree. They refused to disappoint, as the atmosphere is small and cozy and every table gets extra attention. Such friendly people. Loved the food. Will definitely positively go back. Without a doubt. The naan alone was killer!
Can only comment on take out but food was very good. ..especially chicken Tika. Condiments are  perfect. Service...just for a pick up,  was welcoming and efficient.  I look forward to more!
It sucks. Was pretty good when they opened up. I ordered one dish today. It was so bad. Tasteless and not worth the $14
Nice guy.  He fired the cavalier lady who didn't care if your order was late.  There is complimentary rice at the restaurant which is not common for Indian dine in.  It's worth a visit.
I actually really like the food here. Normally it'd be a 4* from me here, but the prices are just a little too much for what you're getting. Try coming on a weekend for lunch, they've got a great dine-in special which makes it quite worth it.
Lunch special 50% off is a great deal.  The food was very tasty and the service was quick and friendly.  I am looking forward to returning here for dinner soon.
Ordered the lunch special from the menu and it was delivered super quickly!! Lunch special is $15 for naan, an appetizer and an entree. Ordered the aloo papri chaat and the chicken tikka masala. Food is both delicious and affordable!
Generous portions and good prices make Mughlai Indian a good option for quick takeout, but probably not someplace I would go to dine in.I've tried the Mughlai special twice for dinner - comes with an appetizer, entree, nan, rice, and extra side sauces.  The minced chicken with spices appetizer (reshmi kebab) was a highlight, as was the lamb (boti kebab), although the lamb was spicier than advertised in the online description.  The chicken korma might be a bit sweet for some, but I liked it, and the mughlai chicken curry had good flavor profile, but was salty if not mixed with rice.
I've ordered delivery from here and loved it! Food is amazing. The Mughlai special is a lot of food, so I suggest that.
A man from India highly recommended this restaurant, and being lovers of Indian cuisine, we rushed over! During lunch, the menu's high prices are halved!!! Saves money on printing two I suppose!The food was good but definitely not spicy enough. No one asked us how many stars or how spicy we'd like our food. It was good, but on the 'wimpy' side. We like THE REAL DEAL.The chai was probably the best I've ever had.....and I've had a lot of chai.
This used to be my favorite Indian restaurant but they have been getting worse and worse. Did the management change?  Ordered Keema and garlic naan tonight extra spicy1) ordered garlic naan - received plain naan (wtf?)2) no raita or chutney in the takeout - cheap. Every Indian restaurant gives you this with delivery3) ordered extra spicy keema - received extra sweet keema. Had to throw it out. Gross!Wasted $ on this delivery. I used to love this place but they are getting worse. Hope they get better at delivery.
This is excellent Indian food! I stopped in for takeout a few weeks ago and was very satisfied. The portions are quite large and the staff was willing to make my dish spicier upon request. The woman at the front told me how long it would take for them to prepare my order so I grabbed a drink nearby and came back to find it hot and ready to go. I was very impressed with the staff overall, they were accommodating and when I mentioned I was new to the neighborhood they assured me that they would become my go-to Indian restaurant in the area. They were not wrong! The paneer makhani was delicious and I was very happy with the samosas as well. It was enough to last me for two meals and I'm looking forward to going back.
This place is very good, but 4 stars because nearby Brick Lane Curry House has even better food.Small restaurant with only about 8 tables.  You need to squeeze through kitchen and down tight stairs to get to bathroom.
Different type of biriyani !! Awesome side dishes !! Good customer service !! Even if I'm in the other part of the town I wont mind the commute to your place. My first Indian meal in NYC. You guys really impressed me. Will definitely come again :)
Very small restaurant, maybe 5 tables. Super nice host. Good service. Meat (Chicken white meat, lamb) was all overcooked so the meat was dry inside but well flavored on the outside. Vegetarian dishes were good. Shiraz wine glass was very good. Beers were good. Would be a very fun spot if they learned to cook meat.
Love eating here! Consistently good food and service. Definitely my go-to spot for Indian on the UES. They have lunch specials at great prices!
Delivery arrived SO quickly -- 20min earlier than Seamless estimation in rainy weather! Would highly recommend the Mughali special. Very reasonably priced for the amount/quality of food. It's certainly enough for two meals. I had the lasuni gobi and chicken korma. Both dishes were delicious as was the naan and all of the sauces. Will definitely be ordering from here again!!
Good Indian food on the UES is available!Have tried many dishes here and they have typically ranged from very good to outstanding. Definitely try the soups; they are all complex and well spiced. Surprisingly, the only dish I've had here that disappointed was their namesake curry. It was bland and under-seasoned. They have a very reasonably priced takeout deal as well.
If we could give a -5 star review, we would have. Ordered the food at 8:01 pm, there was no sign of the food till 9:25 pm. And the restaurant seemed least bothered when we called to check on the order. The food wasn't worth the wait at all. Bland food and confused taste - nothing Mughlai about it.
This is our favorite Indian restaurant in New York City! Because the food is always great, people who work here (including the manager/owner) are amazing and the service is always perfect! Thanks for sticking to such a great service!
Ordered delivery from this Indian restaurant and there was a minor hiccup. When I called the restaurant, the customer service I received was unbelievable. The restaurant immediately apologized without me having to explain or defend my thoughts. And most importantly, although there are many Indian food options in NYC, this restaurant made probably one of the best vegetarian and chicken dishes I've ever had, just ask them for their opinion. I recommend requesting your dish to be made "spicy", even though I didn't think it was that spicy and anyone can handle it. Thank you Mughlai and Samson for delivering quality indian food and providing excellent customer service.
I always love coming here and getting delivery (probably 20 times in the past year!). The owners and waiters there are amazing and considerate and do a great job. The paneer makhani is a little on the sweet side (how I like it) and the naan is crispy. Love coming here!
Went here for the first time today. The food was amazing! The chicken tikka masala and the garlic nan are so delicious. The portion sizes are really good! The staff is very friendly and attentive. The rice pudding was also very good. My new favorite Indian spot!! Highly recommend!
This food is TO DIE FOR!!! When you find good Indian food nothing else compares. A small, cozy place with great service. The tikka masala is the best I've ever had. I'm addicted and will keep going back!
Good food but poor customer service and long wait for delivery. There are better options.
Delicious! Like the other reviews mention, very cozy atmosphere. The host and waiters are very attentive and nice. Food arrived quickly and everything was made really well. The menu seemed pretty standard in its options but everything was on point. Very affordable prices as well, totally coming back. Also the naan was awesome.
Nice place.  Although the lunch is 50% off, it is a small portion which had me wondering...  if they actually serve a larger portion for dinner when you pay more.Food was good but they could ease a bit on the salt and focus more on adding flavor through spices.
Went to Mughlai for lunch today. Extensive manual. Don't know how to order so we told the waiter chicken, shrimp & veg one each. What a surprise food was delicious and with good presentation. Not too much spice either. Bill was reasonable. Highly recommended.
The food is delicious and spiced to your personal preference.  The restaurant itself is very small, about 6 tables.  But the pick up/takeout is tops.  The food stays fresh and warm.  Just remember if you are ordering at a busy time to add time to whatever they estimate, it always takes longer.I love the chicken tikka massala! Saag paneer, chicken tikka, biyriani are all nicely prepared.
We were given amazing service and attention. Deepa, the manager brought out the cook and the owner, Gary so we can meet them...by the end of the night we all felt like family. What do I recommend? Everything! We had Deepa suggest what we should order. He selected a few dishes and explained a few things. He recommended we eat family style so we can try different things. Everything was delicious. He was very attentive. After it was all said and done, to show their hospitality they brought out delicious rice pudding (made with Saffron and cardamon) on the house. I really enjoyed the goat curry but loved my friend's chicken dish made with an almond sauce. The mango lassi was made with real mango and it was delicious. The Indian beer paired well with all we are and the bottle is huge. We ordered a cauliflower appetizer that was battered and fried, then glazed with a tasty sauce. I definitely recommend that. We had a large group and we all enjoyed what we ordered. Great service, great food.
Nice food but quantity is less than competing restaurants. Prices are good for the quality of food. Overall liked the restaurant snd would definitely come back
This is, hands down, the best Indian restaurant in the upper east side. The owner has impeccable customer service skills.
If you dont know Indian food you might well like this place. The service will certainly make you feel comfortable.The chef cannot have been off when we came in on a Saturday night but this was without a doubt amongst the blandest Indian food I have ever had.This is a class B Indian restaurant.  They use huge pre-made pots of whatever-is-ordered, and blend them to conform to the order. As opposed to cooking individual dishes fresh.  Even a good class B can make acceptable dishes if they blend their own garam masala into the pot. But there is no forgiving an Indian dish tasting like an Irish stew with a dash of powdered cumin thrown in at microwave-stage.    Just before some fresh parsley is thrown on top to make it look class A.This place HAS to be a franchise operation.
This is our favorite Indian restaurant on the UES and Manhattan! It's worth the trip from anywhere you may be in the city! The flavors are really spot on and if you ask for medium heat it's perfect (might even make you sweat a little). :-)The restaurant is small with 8 tables but it's great because you get the best customer service!! We won't bother going anywhere else for delicious & consistent Indian! Recommend ordering: Mumbai bhel puri (appetizer) you can't find this in most Indian restaurants
I cannot say enough great things about Mughlai! The food is so delicious. I love the cute little restaurant, but they are great for take-out also. I loved the Paneer Makhani! The garlic naan is also so so so good!
Come here for lunch! Our total bill was 50% off since we came for lunch. We had Delhi aloo tikki, naan, rice, and shrimp saagwala and they were excellent. We will he back!
Personally I enjoy it when a restaurant has good quality home cooked style cuisine. This place definitely had authentic Indian home cooked cuisine. I had the Lamb Bhuna. It was spicy but not overly spicy. And the flavor was not lost.  The service was great too. Everyone was nice. This turned into a lovely Valentine's Day outing w my wife. Delicious Chicken Khorma too. Will be coming back for sure :)
A well-deserved 5 stars. We found a flyer on our doorstop and stopped by when we couldn't find an open Mexican restaurant for Cinco de Mayo. Fantastic food and the service was impeccable!
Date night- boyfriend picked out this place based on the rave reviews- definitely a perfect choice! No reservations here but our wait was 10 minutes and got seated in a cozy corner. Brought bottle of wine for BYOB until they get their liquor license in 2 weeks. We ordered Mughlai Paneer Tikka (grilled cottage cheese..weird sounding but so so good and a must try), Lamb Vindaloo (asked for extra spicy-mouths were on fiyahhh but we got what we asked for it was delicious) and the Chicken Makhani (buttery/creamy and on point) The manager and staff were so friendly, attentive, and accommodating throughout the whole night, a personable experience which is rare in NYC. The one and only thing I would change is dim those lights! Pretty bright for a dinner service otherwise everything was 5-stars, will be back again!
Worst place ever to order. Took more than an hour to come (when they said it will take 20-30 min). And when it finally came there were no napkins or silverware. Horrible
The service is great, but the food absolutely sucks. The ambience is not as nice. The food tastes like preservatives and moth balls. I am not coming back here.
Walked in on a whim and not disappointed!!!  Small restaurant but amazing food,  flavor and staff.  The manager was engaged every step of the way with no promot making sure we were served.  If you want flavor,  authentic,  and a staff going to above and beyond,  this is the place!
I had high expectations for this small neighborhood Indian restaurant. There were only 2 people there when I walked in and, after they left, a foursome of elderly Indians came in. It was clearly their first time there. Mughlai appears to do a thriving home delivery business. They had 4 bicycle delivery people scurrying in and out during my entire visit. The highlight of my meal was the samosas. Nicely seasoned and well prepared. The garlic naan and rice were ok, but nothing special. I had them with Chicken Tikka Masala and the Tandoori Mixed Grill. Both dishes were acceptable, but needed more spice. Perhaps, they tone down the flavors for the typical customers, but I grew up in Asia eating authentic Indian food so was hoping for more. Now that I reflect, perhaps I should have explained that to the server. The service was attentive and friendly. Will give them another try, but will explain that I would like the "real" stuff. I observed that they were willing to reprepare a dish that was too spicy for the elderly Indian foursome. I think that they were being served more authentic dishes.
Earlier this week I was eating some of the tastiest Indian food I had ever eaten - in London.  But when I got home to the Upper East Side, I was craving more. I hadn't had enough curry, naan, or paratha, but wanted to avoid Indian Restaurant Row and the Lower East Side. I wanted to stay close to home. With some worthwhile discovery, I found Mughlai - and the entire family walked over for exactly what I was looking for; authenticity, cozy atmosphere, friendly service and wonderful food. My wife and I agreed, Mughlai is a gem. Our two teenagers said it was lit.
This place was a great find! This food is an amazing deal and really good! My naan was a little crispier than I normally like, otherwise, this would have definitely earned 5 stars!
Really flavorful curries, for a reasonable price.  Love this place.
I have no complaints other than my not having tried their food before. My order arrived in less than a half hour. My take-out meal was fresh, creative, and hearty. My vindaloo chicken dish was probably the best I have ever had in the city. I am truly a satisfied customer who will make this restaurant my go-to for reasonably priced, fine Indian food.
Ok so this place is awesome.Had I not discovered it on Yelp, I would've never tried it because it's a small hole-in-the-wall place, and you usually don't want to experiment with Indian food in that type of restaurant. BUT, the food was awesome. I'm a pretty picky eater, and I thought the Chicken Tikka Masala was so so so tasty and the portion was just right! Because the restaurant is so small, the staff is very attentive.The only thing that's a little awkward is due to the tiny location, there's no place for people who are picking up food to stand while they wait so it feels like they're kind of on top of you while you're eating. But not really a huge problem, especially if you request to sit further from the entrance.
By far the best Indian food on the upper east side. The chicken tikka masala was delicious and actually had a thick creamy sauce, not very watery like most places I've tried. I ordered delivery on their website and it came promptly on time.
5-star rating on Yelp means that the restaurant is as good as it gets ! Delicious and authentic Indian food, great service and great prices. I would say that the decor could be a little better...cleaner?.. but I am still giving this place 5 stars cause I was too busy eating to care about some bits of naan and rice under the table.The Bhel Puri and Aloo Papri Chaat are perfect appetizers. Make sure you order to share because the portions are pretty large and filling for one person. For the main course, we got the Malai Kofta which had a rich and creamy gravy and the Lamb VIndaloo which was also great. Overall, a must try for Indian food in the UES
Best chicken Tikka in the neighborhood! This place never disappoints. I love their special that comes with an appetizer, naan, rice and choice of entree I always have leftovers for the next day. The aloo tiki is perfectly seasoned and so are their samosas. They also have a great lunch special during the week definitely a must try!
Our first time here and everything was top notch! From the service to the food to the ambiance we really enjoyed a great dinner!! Upon entering we were warmly greeted, promptly seated and immediately the server took our order with some great suggestions. Everything suggested was delicious! Warm naan, tasty curries, and fresh tandoori mixed platter. Highly suggest!!
I tried the Chicken Tikka Masala and curry chicken and it was amazingWe drinked Lacie and it was goodThe staff and the prices are also very good
My friends and I read about Mughlai in NY Magazine + decided to give it a try. The food, ambience, and service exceeded all of our expectations - which were pretty high given the magazine review. Not only was the food exceptional (flavorful sauces, buttery naan, fresh vegetables) but the owner was so humble and sweet to all guests, greeting them individually after their meal.We cannot wait to return again!
Great service & spices. We ordered the house chicken and lamb curry, lots of flavor and sauce. Slightly pricy for the portions but a good find overall
Ordered delivery here on a Saturday night. We got the Chicken Makhani, Chicken Tikki Masala, and Garlic Naan. I prefer creamier dishes and liked the Chicken Makhani dish over the Tikki Masala. Chicken was juicy and the portions were good! I'm so glad we ordered the Naan to dip in the flavorful sauce :)
Food is amazing! Their Delivery service is not the fastest. Probably better to go here and eat, or pick up yourself. Bhaigan Bharata is my fave!
Holy moly- the food here is fresh and amazing. Ordered the saag paneer and it had so much amazing flavor. Some places you order it and it's sort of bland and boring- here you can really taste all the spices and tomato base. Also the saffron rice they give you on the side is really good quality. Will definitely order from here again. My only complaint is that the portions are on the smaller side for the price-  but for the quality it's worth it.
I love this place. Definitely the best indian on the UES. I always do take out and get the special.
Amazing meal & service! The owner greets all guests. The hospitality is wonderful..making each customer feel special.   Really nice cozy place with fantastic food!
Highly recommend this small cute Indian restaurant. Had a late dinner here, was greeted and seated immediately. Food was full of flavor! Service was amazing. The interior decor is very traditional and they played some nice bollywood music so it felt perfect! I recommend the chicken saag for sure! Make sure you ask for it spicy if you like it spicy! Oh, and they gave us delicious Kheer on the house - awesome service! Thanks! We'll be back :)
I usually don't write Yelp reviews but this is an exception. Phenomenal food in my neighborhood on the UES! Went here for the first time tonight and customer service was excellent. I'm also not a huge fan of spice, while my boyfriend is and the restaurant had perfect dishes for us both! I highly recommend the sheekh Kebab as an appetizer. I will be coming back here as my go-to for Indian!
I am only reviewing the take out for this place, but to be frank, and honest, I am very disappointed. It took over 90 minutes for my food to arrive, and when it did, it was cold and not very flavorful. This was an order of saag planner, plain naan, and vegetable fritters. The fritters were very soggy too! Overall, I won't be ordering from here again.
Great new restaurant on the UES. Excellent price point for the area. The lunch specials are amazing. Portion sizes are very generous. The staff is very welcoming and knowledgeable about their entire menu. We were made to feel at ease as we got seated. The Host was polite and well spoken. We shall return soon!! Highly recommend this spot if you have an Indian good craving! :)
Awesome Indian food! Owner was super nice, personally came to our table multiple times to make sure we had everything. Great food, would recommend.
It's so good! We popped into this place this evening bc we were craving some Indian cuisine and this is close to us. The owner was attentive and very informative. My husband tried a new dish based off of recommendation and he thought it was absolutely delicious! My Tikki Masala was exactly what I was craving, it was amazing! This is not exactly your Indian fine dining, but it's cost effective, cozy and definitely a dependable neighborhood staple. Will defiantly go back!
Stop by here randomly after visting the opening of the 2nd Avenue subway.I enjoyed my butter chicken and my husband had the lamb buna (sp?).Very flavorful dishes. Cooked very nicely. Naan was also yummy.The owner was very active in talking to the customers, taking food orders and it was nice to hear him guiding the other members of the staff. The space is small and getting to the bathroom was awkward.Overall a great experience. I will probably try the downtown location.
Food was great! Best Indian food I have ever had. Tasted very authentic. The service was top notch and this small intimate environment was cute and perfect for a rainy night.Will be back and definitely recommend.
Wow. Ordered the chicken biryani randomly because what I originally wanted had a long wait time. My goodness, best decision I've accidentally made in a long time. Flavor was incredible (ordered it spicy) and the portion was big enough for two. Can't wait to have it again for breakfast.
Amazing service - Mohan (the owner) was so kind and friendly. The food was delicious - we had the chicken vindaloo and the vegetable tandoor platter. The mint chutney was the best of the three offered (mint, mango and tamarind). Need to go back to try more dishes!
I was starting to regret going out for dinner on the coldest night of this winter, until we stumble across this little gem in the neighborhood. Delicious homemade Indian cuisine! We ordered 2 entrées: samosas (3 solid pieces per order) and aloo papri chaat (sweet, sour, tangy and spicy flavors all in one...yum yum) and then I got chicken korma and hubs got the lamb bhuna, both very tasty. We also asked for mango lassi, it was sooo creamy! Can't wait to go back to try more dishes. Please do yourself a favor and stop by Mughlai. You won't regret it!
First off, thanks to all Yelpers.  Before Yelp, there was virtually no way of knowing if places were decent or not. We come from Westchester and our son lives in Brooklyn. We wanted to meet halfway and we all love Indian food. Based on reviews from others, this seemed to meet all our criteria. MUGHLAI was fantastic. The owner, staff, food, atmosphere were all great. We had no reservation (which I suggest you make) and therefore had to wait. The owner could not have been more gracious and accommodating while we waited. The dishes were truly delicious, the amount of spices were extremely flavorful without masking the freshness and the taste of the underlying main dish. The prices were all reasonable and we all left full and satisfied. We'll be back not only as a half way point to meet our son, but as often as I'm in the area.
The only legit Indian restaurant in the area. Authentic Indian with really great service and people. Everything is amazing but I especially love the yellow dal, pakoras, eggplant curry, and poori! Their meat platters are amazing as well. Mango lassi was really rich too, which they offered to me for free. I'm always here for takeout. And I'm pretty picky when it comes to Indian food, only because I grew up in a household with Indian food. They are the real deal - trust me. So happy this place exists!
This place was pretty good and the prices were fair but I don't know why it has 4.5 stars. It's not THAT good.The Mughlai chicken curry was tasty but nothing out of this world. The Nan is excellent though and I saw the special oven they bake things in.The rice was overcooked, lacked flavor and stuck together like Chinese sticky rice.
Wow, just wow! I am so impressed by this restaurant and it's amazing staff and food! My boyfriend and I decided to check it out since we were in the area. We've never had Indian food before so we were a bit nervous but the staff made us feel so welcome and comfortable! They helped us with everything and answered all our questions about the dishes. My boyfriend got the Lamb Vidaloo and I got the Chicken Bhuna. We also shared the Lasuni Gobi as an appetizer. All the dishes were absolutely delicious and flavorful (I especially recommend the Lasuni Gobi- you won't be disappointed!). We were in food heaven!There's also not enough I can say about the staff, who were so kind and welcoming. They welcomed us in and out of the restaurant, they were quick to refill any of the dishes, and they were extremely attentive to whatever we needed. The place is warm and cozy and has a great ambience to it. Thank you Mughlai! We are definitely coming back!!
The food was absolutely amazing! We had the goat Biryani and chicken tikka masala. None of these meals disappointed. I will definitely return.
We had salmon and hot chicken curry. Super tasty! We randomly walked into the restaurant but it turned out making my day!
This Indian food and service is ON POINT. Chaat station: must try, both for vegetarians and non vegetarians. We tried the bhel poori, and I must say that it was one of the best bhel pooris I have had in NYC. I think anything from their chaat line will be really good.Lamb Saag: Also really good, mild spices and good portions and really filling.Chicken jaalfrezi: Good but could be improved. This was clearly cooked for a crowd inexperienced in Indian cuisine, so please make this a little more authentic.In addition, we were given free papadum with mint and tamarind and as well as rice pudding dessert to share - which were both really good. Also, their stone tables with shellwork, and authentic servingware and glasses also make this more of an experience. Go and give it a try, they just opened up and I will definitely coming in for more.
I feel very honored as I write this review. This is a wonderful place, with a cozy atmosphere and most attentive people ever. Everything from the decoration and music to the food has a special touch of good taste and attention to the details. Their prices are excellent and they really care for their customer's comfort.  The owner is an amazing guy with a tremendous sense of humor, and a welcoming and warm personally. congratulations to the whole staff for such a great approach and effort.
Take out deal is pretty good, $15 for naan, rice, appetizer and entree. The servers were friendly while I waited to pick up food. Decor - simple, place - small. Now onto the food! Appetizer - samosa and aloo papri chaat were delicious and came in large portions! Entrees were lacking though, chicken in the chicken tikka masala is dry and the saag paneer is ok - really doesn't have the right flavor. Overall though, appetizers were amazing, and I might eat in to give it another chance.. Or maybe just order the samosas! :)
Great food and great service.  One star is taken off because of the faulty air conditioner, but otherwise, it's recommended.
Visited late afternoon on Saturday. The restaurant was empty, but delivery service were working like crazy. Ordered naan (which came with 2 tasty sauces), tandoori chicken and lamb curry. Both entrees were supposed to be served with rice,  but the waiter brought just 1 and told us to let him know if we want more (i guess it's a good thing, since we wouldn't have finished all the rice). Overall nice place, but comparing to other Indian restaurants i've visited across US and Europe, in this one the meals are smaller. Maybe it's a New York thing...
Love this place! One of my favorite spots in the neighborhood, they serve awesome Indian food, delivery is quick and the staff is very helpful. I usually go for the samosas and lamb vindaloo but last night ordered a variety of dishes for a dinner party. We tries the chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, lamb sagwala and vindaloo - everything came hot, tasty and we were extremely satisfied.
This place is incredible. I come here and get Chicken Tikka Masala with Garlic Naan at least once a week, sometimes twice. Not to mention lunch is 50% off!!!
Best Indian food in Murray hill, possibly all of Nyc, dare I say the entire world. A Must!! Try the aloo chick peas and the lamb korma! Doesn't matter if you order or sit down, it's just awesome!
The Order Online button on their website doesn't work in a modern browser without script blocking. We called online to order and the man taking the order was very difficult to talk to, as if we were imposing on him for a delivery order. The food is great! Very happy with the quality and the price of the delivery/pick-up specials. For $37 including tax/tip we got two specials. I got the lentil soup appetizer and Lamb Vindaloo entree. Very tasty! I will be ordering again and trying their location in the Flatiron.
Had a wonderful date night at Mughlai! The owner of the restaurant was extremely welcoming and attentive. For an appetizer we had the Lasuni Gobi and it was really good. The perfect amount of crisp and sweetness. For entrees we had the Goa shrimp and the Murgh Do Pyaza with garlic naan which were so good. They forgot to bring our soup but when we mentioned it they were wonderful about it and sent it home with us for free and gave us a cottage cheese dessert that was amazing. Ultimately a great experience, one that I've never had in the city and will definitely go back!
The food is tasty but very little value for your money! The dishes are super small and I was lucky that they had 50% off in most menu items for lunch - had it been full price this would have been a real bummer.At these prices I am not sure I will return
I'm so happy for this addition just around the corner from us!So gooooood! We took the $14.95 take out special (1 appetizer, 1 entrée, rice, naan, chutney & raita) and the food was simply awesome! We ordered chicken makhani and malai kofta.While we were deciding what to order, we got a complimentary mango juice. The people working there are all very nice and kind, we felt very welcome.I absolutely recommend this place to everyone!
Nice small warm cozy place. Service was great and food was very delicious! My bf and I got the lamb curry and chicken vindaloo with naan and mango lassi. I would recommend all of those, the vindaloo especially if you like spicy food. The food was a bit pricy, bit bad for small parties (because the portions aren't huge). The only thing I wasn't happy about my visit was the rice... each entree comes with rice, but they only give you one bowl per table. I thought the portions would be bigger since we had two people and two entrees, but it was just a regular bowl of rice. I say this because the gentlemen sitting at the table next to us also got the same amount of rice with his order. When we asked a waiter if rice was complementary, he said yes and brought us more. However we still ended up being charged for the extra rice. In the end, they said it was "one complementary rice per table" which in my opinion doesn't really make sense. Overall, very delicious Indian food and great atmosphere. The staff might seem a little disorganized but it's a small restaurant so you will still be taken care of. I would go back again!
The food is excellent! My wife and I love indian food and have tried many different spots in the city. This place is definitely the best. The food, ambience, service were all five stars. A little hot inside but then again it was 95 degrees that day. I will definitely be coming back. Highly recommended!
We tried to eat lunch there when the place had 0 customers. The waiter was just watching us when we had a problem to keep the door open and get in the stroller inside. I asked him if there was a high chair, he remained silent and shook his head. Then I asked if it is ok to bring a stroller to a table, he still remained silent and nodded. We felt extremely unwelcomed by this man's manner who said no words at all to my questions and we decided not to eat there. I am not sure if the owner knows his/her staff treats customer like that.
Very solid Indian place. food is great and affordable. place is small but staff were friendly. we've also ordered delivery from there a couple times, getting the appetizer/entree combo. you really get a lot of quality food for only 15$.
Came here with my family. The tandoori chicken was excellent, and the garlic naan was really good too. The service was great! They are very nice
This is a quiet and small little place.  Having said that a few thoughts.  I judge an Indian restaurant by their chicken tikka masala and theirs was excellent.   We also had saag panned which was good.  I was not so impressed by their naan.  Overall a good Indian restaurant.  Very friendly staff.
The food is really delicious and I really like the take out/delivery special. I don't know how long the delivery takes but I've picked up plenty of times and it's fairly quick and the people there are so friendly! The take out special is 1 appetizer, 1 entree, and comes with naan/rice - $14.95. I'm so happy to have this place on the UES!
Excellent food!! Great service! Their takeout menu has a really good deal, where you get an appetizer, entree, naan bread for only $15. Definitely check them out! I drive there from the Bronx at times to get some takeout.
Their lunch special is a great deal: 50% off food items (not drinks or dessert). The food is better than a lot of the places around here, but not phenomenal, and heavy on the butter/cream. Then again, lots of people like that, so maybe you're into it. The place is small, nicely decorated, comfortable, and the wait staff is attentive -- although I was there during a slow time, so I can't speak for busy dinner hours. The thing that really ground my gears is that they CHARGED EXTRA FOR RICE with the entrees. That's like a deli charging extra for bread when you order a sandwich. Who's ever heard of chicken tikka masala without rice? Now you have.
Girlfriend's birthday dinner - I called around 1pm to make reservations for later that night at 8. The host seemed pleasant, he took down my name and number the call was over. I arrive at the restaurant about 5 minutes before my reservation, the place is packed. So I stand at the door for 5 minutes before anyone made an effort to help me. Finally, the host looks over at me with a panicked expression and proceeds to convene with who I'm assuming was his manager. The host approaches me and I explain that i have a reservation for 8. He blinks and asks if i got the name of the individual that took the reservation. I didn't get the name of individual I left the reservation with. He explains that because I didn't get employee's name, it should be a 15 to 20 minute wait for something to open up. So I decided to leave and had some amazing Thai food next door.My issue here is that the host tried to make it seem like I had made some sort of mistake, instead of just apologizing for screwing up. However good the food might have been, I felt the situation was handled terribly and for that I'd never recommend this place to anyone.
Sag paneer for lunch was delicious. Came in for a quick lunch in between doc appts. They said they could get me in and out in 20 mins no problem. Great casual lunch spot with friendly and accommodating service. Price was right too!!
What a find! A very tiny place. Owner super friendly. Food was great.  We had chicken Tikka masala- very creamy, rich in flavor, and slightly sweet.  The lamb vindaloo was spicy, with a great sauce. The samosa and onion kulcha were also wonderful.  We'll be back for sure.
Agree with all the 5 star reviews.  Just finished our meal here and it was great. It's a super small place (maybe 8 tables at most) and I'm not sure if they take reservations so you might have to be prepared to wait a little bit. We arrived and waited approx 20 mins for a two top. It also looks like they do a good deal of take out and has a $15 combo deal for takeout/delivery. The service was attentive but not overbearing, with the staff continuously refilling our water throughout the meal. The food itself was great.  It had a lot of flavor and lacked the heaviness and overwhelming oiliness that seems to be all too common among many Indian restaurants in the city. Would definitely come back for dine-in and/or take out.   Great find on the ues!
A fantastic tiny restaurant with delicious food and wonderful service. The owner is an absolute sweetheart and made sure we had everything we needed and more. And the chai is divine. The food  is seriously very good!! And the atmosphere cozy and comfortable. We felt truly welcome here!
What a wonderful gem in the upper east side. My husband and I came for dinner yesterday evening. We both concluded that this was probably our favorite Indian restaurant that we have tried so far in Manhattan. It is small and they don't take reservations but we only had to walk around for 5 minutes before a table opened for us.I highly recommend the boti kebabs and the malai kofta. Both were really welly made. I would have given this place five stars but their chicken tikka masala was just okay. I am excited to come back and try other dishes in the future. Also, I really liked their choice of music... instrumental bollywood classics! I never thought that would matter... but we recently went to a place in curry hill where the food was good but they were playing really harsh techno/dance music which took away from the experience.
Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.I went here last night with family who have been here before and loved it.  This was my first time.  I am a very picky eater and I loved the food.  When the owner heard that I didn't order dessert because I am more of a chocoholic when it comes to desserts, he went out of his way and went out of the restaurant and came nack with a bag of cholocates for me.  What restaurant does that.?  The owner is very pleasant and makes everyone feel so welcome.  I would recommend this place to everyone.  The food is excellent as is the service.  I will be back for sure.  Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
I only ordered from the vegetarian menu. I was disappointed that the eggplant dish was just mush. Nothin to chew, no textures to add to the flavor. Flavor was ok. I also had the yellow daal. It was ok. I feel it was missing acidity (lemon). But I ate the whole thing. I love lentils. The staff was very nice. They answered my questions and were not annoyed in the slightest.
I had the goat dish and my daughter had the chicken tandoori it was delicious! I highly recommend this quaint little place.
~$15 for entree, app, and naan - what a steal! I got the chicken saag, which wasn't the same flavors as I've had at other restaurants, but still quite enjoyed it. Lentil soup was delicious. The staff/host were amazing. They offered me water as I waited for my take-out.
I ordered the chicken Tikka in a tomato cream sauce - outrageously delicious! The fish appetizer - not so great. I added cooked cauliflower and got 2 meals out of it. The naan onion bread ( $1 more) was very good, as were the sauces  that came in little containers.
Update: So disappointed they've badly messed up my last two to-go orders. They left some items off the first order and when we called them about it, they were pretty cavalier saying they'd make it up to us next time. Better would have been for them to expediently run the missing items to us and/or offer a refund. Second time, they didn't exactly make it up to us - they didn't give us the missing items from the first order nor did they comp anything - they did however give a free dessert which was about a Dixie cup portion of rice pudding. No thanks! Sad to say we'll have to find ourselves a new Indian place to order from as the in inconsistency here is a meal killer.
Very small and warm space. We engaged in good and hearty conversation with the owner/one of the servers and he recommended the garlic nan to have with curry. And the garlic nan was absolutely amazing!!!! A must try if you go.
Simply put the best Indian cuisine in New York. I love their customer service approach, their clean space and their wonderful menu.
Came here with bf for a quick Saturday afternoon bite. Boy oh boy! What a delight! The food is amazing with the right amount of spice and flavors. Being a die hard Indian food lover, I would say the restaurant did a great job preserving the authenticity of the food with a slight twist to cater to any stomach around the world:) We tried the paneer, lamb stew, mango lassi and rose lassi which by the way are a must try. The manager and owner were very attentive and hospitable attending to our questions. Will certainly come back when my craving for Indian food hits.
This place is amazing!! The most delicious Indian food I have ever tasted and nice and friendly atmosphere. Really enjoyed the food and will be going back soon.
What a great place!!! was looking for an authentic Indian restaurant and found this great place in the neighborhood. The costumer service is amazing. Got chicken Tikka Masala and it was delicious. The owner was so friendly!Amazing food,great prices,warm atmosphere!
The food was delicious!!! The host was very welcoming, friendly, and attentive. I believe he said his name was Mohan (sorry for misspell). Downfall is not a big enough establishment, but hopefully they'll expand or relocate once word gets around. I still can't hold that against them because I haven't experienced all around great service from beginning to the end in such a long time.
We had lamb vindaloo and cauliflower curry. They were both excellent. I also noticed the clean kitchen on my way to bathroom. It is a small restaurant so I am thankful to get the last table when walked in. One thing I wish they have is good chai tea. They do have tea but it tasted more like regular milk tea. Otherwise, friendly and smooth service & great food! I can't wait to go back again.
The food and service are great...followed the suggestions from the attentive owner and had a great meal! The fried sweet and sour cauliflower was delicious! Will return soon!!
I ducked into this tiny place about quarter to seven on a Sunday and it was nearly empty. By 7:10 it was completely full, so if you plan to come, do make a reservation! The food was excellent: fresh, perfectly cooked and wonderfully spiced. Try the house specials - they are to die for! And perfect garlic naan. What more could one want from an Indian restaurant?
The food was delicious. I had the chicken curry. Very tender. It was not spicy at all but that is an option. Rice comes with the dish but I think you should get the na'an. There are also other typical indian dishes with dedicated vegetarian apps and entrees as would be expected. It is a very intimate setting, but did not feel crowded. The service was prompt, efficient and I would definitely go back!
Best Indian food I've had in NYC, and some of the best, period. We had Paneer Bhurji, a nice change from the Saag Paneer that you can get anywhere. Really yummy. And the Baigan Bharta was up to par. Buttery, fresh naan, and for dessert, rasmalai. A first for me, but J said it might be the best she's had. Good, friendly service, ironic walk to the bathroom. Decent prices. Go there.
If you are considering an exploration of the Indian cuisine, Mughlai is the place to come! I have never experienced such excellent customer service from a restaurant before I came to Mughlai! Every single time I sat down for a meal, I feel as if I am the star guest for the night, and that is how most people feel when dining at Mughlai! The owner and staff of the restaurant, were the most considerate and attentive when servicing their customers. In addition, I felt as if the staff were highly personal and did not have a robotic attitude at all. I have taken all of my friends and family to this restaurant multiple times, and I will continue to do so. Ultimately, I now compare all of my Indian meals to how Mughlai prepares theirs, and if not done properly, I am truly sadden.
My girlfriend and I had an outstanding experience at this restaurant. The owner and waitress were both very attentive to us and made us feel welcome.  Everything we were served, from the naan at the beginning of the meal to the complementary rice pudding for dessert, was outstanding.  We will absolutely be coming back to try out their other dishes!
After having read all 5-stars reviews, we were excited about testing this restaurant. Staff is nice. Unfortunately, food was very disappointing! The garlic naan was too dry, meat was partly fatty and the vegetarian dish was boring. We skipped the dessert and left. Would have loved to have a new Indian spot on UES - instead we will keep going to our favorite Indian restaurant on E 51st Street.
Love this place so much!! I got two Mughlai Specials for my friends. They were in love! Coming back over and over again here.
Overall an excellent experience!  Tandoori mixed platter was great and yellow Daal is the best lentil soup you will ever taste !
I was a little skeptical heading into Mughlai, seeing as it had 0 reviews and possibly one other person inside. But I was hungry and lord knows I fucking love Indian food.As it turns out, they just opened a week prior. I was pleasantly surprised by the entire experience, too. Probably ~4.5 stars when considering all factors.The staff was very polite and professional. Water and attention whenever you needed, but never distracting. They were able to answer my questions regarding the food to an acceptable degree.The food, however, was very good. It came out fairly quickly and all of the various breads and appetizers we got were high-quality, and I ended up eating a shit ton... Chicken Tikka Masala had a nice and complex sauce, even though the meat was a little overcooked for my taste.Will definitely be back here, and I'm happy to have them in my hood!
My boyfriend and I decided we wanted to go for some local Indian. We looked into some Yelp reviews and came across this restaurant. It's a hidden gem! Service was great, food was amazing and literally the whole experience was much more than we expected even with all the positive reviews! My boyfriend is from London and as we know the Brits are pretty selective when it comes to eating curry. He genuinely enjoyed our meal as did I. It's definitely a must try!! Yes, the restaurant is small but honestly the quaintness gave it more personality. The owner was about and it so nice to hear how passionate he is about his new venture!! Looking forward to going back!!
Wow so many top reviews for this place but the food was not good. Ctm and makhani both tasted like tangy sweet tomato paste. Other than that the service was excellent and the atmosphere was pretty good too.
Great food and excellent service!!! If you wanna have delicious Indian food this is the place to go.
Apparently this restaurant and I moved to the neighborhood at the same time. I tried it for the fist time today and it exceeded my expectations. Owners were very enthusiastic and passionate about their food and restaurant and it translated into my plate. I will be back for sure!
Decided to try some Indian cuisine while visiting the UES from Chicago. The chicken tika masala and channa masala were both prepared nicely and quite flavorful. The garlic naan was also delicious.Overall, this was a fine dining experience and I'd recommend the food here. If I lived in the area I would likely order delivery from here rather than dine in as the place is rather small. They have a strong delivery business as couriers were constantly picking up orders and to me, that is a good sign that their food has been well received in the neighborhood.Finally, if you want something spicy, ash for it hot. We asked for medium and it was not nearly the spice level I was hoping for.I'd love to be able to give 5 stars, but I have to reserve that for the places that blow me away. I enjoyed my experience here and would recommend it to anyone though.
Delicious food and such friendly service! I have officially found my new go-to Indian spot
I was starving and totally craving a nice Indian meal that would remind me of home! This place did just the trick. I came here on Thursday evening and did the take out special for $14.95 you get a (choice of an app and entrée, naan, rice, raita, and chutney). The customer service was great - I got chai while I waited for my food to be made and they answered every question I had in regards to the menu! This place was delicious and a lot of food for such a reasonable price too. My boyfriend and I went back yesterday and ordered more! Glad they are only a few blocks away!
I eat a lot of Indian food and although good options are limited on the UES, this place is really nothing to write home about. Not great, not terrible.
Great food, hospitable service, and good company. The footprint is really small, but the food was great and I had a delicious dinner.  I ordered the chicken Jalfrezi and was pleased with its tangy-ness. I would definitely come back and order more!
This little gem is fantastic. The food was excellent. The service was excellent. I came in wanting my usual Indian favorites, but I took the host's recommendations. I was delighted with his choices. This place is as good as it gets.
Excellent food. Haven't had great Indian in a while being from the south. No wait and superior service. Accommodated my every need. Small dining area makes for a great eating atmosphere.
This is a small restaurant that holds approximately 20 people or so at most.  So coming here on a date or group no bigger than 4 is ideal.  We started off with the samosas ($7 for 2) and papri chaat for appetizers. The samosas were large/heavily filled and tasty.  The crust was perfect and the inside had plenty of filling.  The papri chaat was one of the best we have had.  For entrees, we ordered the chicken tikka masala and plain naan.  Very well prepared and what looks like a small portion turns out to be much more than enough. Served with a generous amount of rice as well.  For drinks we had water and ordered 2 mango lassi. NOW this is how MANGO LASSI should be made. If the business is reading, the mango lassi was perfect! Thick/creamy, not too sweet with a perfect mango favor!  We also ordered a desert ,which I forgot the name, that my wife and father in law said was the best version they ever had. Overall, a small quiet place with an excellent staff and service to accompany the quality food.
Tried food there for the first time on April 4th. Nothing too exciting about the food. Chicken muglai chop was good. Our main disasters were - chicken bhuna which was horrible and looked more like chicken do pyaza. Also there was nothing much exciting about lamb biryani. Worst part was my son developed vomiting after eating the chicken bhuna and me and my wife devoted diarrhea the next day. I highly now question their quality and hygiene. Never going to order or go there . Update -- sorry it was not April 4th but was April 2nd. I met the main owner of the restaurant . We also sat there and ordered the papadi chat.1. The order was bhuna chicken and for your information there was no bell pepper only onion in gray. There was also no taste of any special sauce.So can check your records again and you will find it. I am sorry but our first experience was really bad and we won't be coming back
I ordered their special al and it was good amount of food (not enough meat), the flavor was really good. They are really nice when you call. Definitely I would order food from this place again.
