customer service was great... we wanted to go and the cashier explained the menu to us and suggested the popular dishes.  I want chicken tikka masala and that was one of the popular items, so I got that spicy with rice... she warned me a lot about the spice levels and said I should try medium just in case... I told her I loved spicy and could handle so I will stick with the spicy.....We also got lamb korma, this item we customized you can pick a protein, the type of curry and the toppings.... the toppings were items like tomatoes, cilantro, yogurt, etc.Took about 15 mins but our food was ready to take home.   I had some naan at home already so I warmed it up to eat with the meals... the chicken tikka sauce was on point, one of the tops of the tikka masalas I have had.... the chef knows what he's doing!  The spice level was spicy like she said but I could handle it and I was very happy with that choice... the lamb was cooked nice and sauce was good too... but when I come back I will get the chicken tikka masala again.... i dropped a star because I felt for the price the portions are pretty small....if they gave the same amount for lunch, next time I will try to come for the lunch specials....
I went here for lunch with my girlfriend because Indian Cuisine is one of my favorite types of food. Needless to say, this place is exactly the reason why I love Indian culture and food. It is a very nice place to sit down for a very fun and delicious meal. The ambiance is very nice, the service is attentive, and most importantly the food is fantastic. What really had me sold on this place is the fact that they explain very well what it is that you are ordering. Sometimes, with food being this authentic, its good to have an understanding of what you are having, the server was so accomodating and made sure that we knew exactly what we were getting. Everything about the food was perfect, the portion the spice and flavoring, the presentation. Holy Moley, I am definitely going to be back. This place is the real deal. Make sure you stop by!!!
I've ordered delivery from here on a heaping handful of occasions and have never been disappointed. The food is amazing. Having the ability to custom build my own biryani bowl is awesome, especially with my food allergies. You choose your protein, your toppings, your sauce, your garnishes - everything. Many gluten free options, and all are freaking delicious.I adore spicy food - the hotter the better - but when they ask if you want it spicy they mean HOT. I order medium here, which I almost never do. The flavors are so balanced otherwise, and so delicious. I love their saag and their tikka masala. Tikka Masala is the chicken teriyaki of indian food, but this isn't some mild boring tomato sauce. Mausam's tikka massala is savory, creamy and as spicy as you like it. Even medium, it is bursting with amazing flavor.Just writing about it has me craving another order.
Second time here, 1st time was a bit better so it's actually a bit above a 3 star review between both visits....The location isn't bad, quite a few tables and the dining area is clean. Both times I've been here, it was empty, so no line or long wait. There is street parking as well as a small lot right next door. The staff is nice, helpful if you have questions and happy to make suggestions.  Overall above average service making sure our drinks were topped off and the food was to our liking. Now for the food...  The first time I ordered the non-vegetarian lunch special which consisted of standard Indian fare - chicken tikka masala (pretty good, sauce was flavorful and chicken was cooked nicely, not dry at all), palak paneer (once again a staple dish, to be honest I've rarely been to a spot that messed up this dish, so not bad, but nothing special), rice, and a few other sides that I couldn't identify. What was great about this 1st visit was the portions were larger than expected. On my last visit, I ordered an Indian burrito hoping for something like Kati Roll in NYC, but I was kind of disappointed. True to the name, it was closer to the look and size of a burrito, but the problem was it was mostly stuffed with rice, limited on the meat, and pretty dry. I won't be ordering a burrito from here again, but the other lunch special was good enough for a repeat visit.
*garlic naan (loved this!!!! Thin and crispy, the fresh garlic was wonderful. The bread wasn't oily like some other places. I could have just eaten this all night)*paneer tikka masala (The sauce was super rich and creamy, a little on the salty side. the paneer was stiffer than I expected and it came in HUGE cubes haha. I liked this but I think next time I'll order this with chicken instead)(lamb biriyani (the lamb was delicious!! rice was perfectly cooked, didn't eat the yogurt sauce but it honestly is not necessary)This place is a great little addition to the Clifton area. Clifton does not have any Indian restaurants, so you usually have to trek to Montclair, Parsippany or go down towards Edison. This place produces fresh, quality food. Service is good. Place is clean. Would definitely return!
My husband and I went here tonight for dinner after a recommendation. I had the lamb biryani from the choose your own curry menu. I chose the medium curry sauce all of the toppings which includes pickled jalapeños, yogurt, tomatoes, onions, and cilantro. My husband hand the lamb biryani with saffron from the regular menu. We split two orders of the cheese naan (not on the menu, but available and out of this world) and tried the pickles side dish. The pickles are a mix of vegetables pickled more like a kimchi than regular green pickled that you may be used to. My husband had two magi lassi drinks. They were smooth and very refreshing. My husband has had Indian food before, but I have not. I am happy to say we will definitely be back! The service, decor, cleanliness, and food taste and quality was nothing short of extraordinary!
This place was awesome. Definitely will be back. My friend and I ordered two different lamb curries. I'm sorry I can't tell you the names because I can't remember them. But just know that these people care about the food they serve and service they provide. The place was clean, portions were on the bigger side (we both took home leftovers) service was great. A lot of their customers were actually Indian which to me says it's authentic. We ordered a side of garlic Naan bread which did NOT disappoint! It tastes like it came out fresh out of the oven with oil and natural garlic pieces. We finished our meal with a chai tea that was perfectly creamy and spicy...heavenly. I WILL be back to this place. I feel like they care about what they serve. My meal was so worth it! Every bite tastes so soo good till the end! ! Loving this place! One tip, if you really like spicy go with medium hot. If you do not like spicy do mild. I like spicy food and medium was definitely spicy...perfection.
Better than average and Spicy! I've only eaten here 1 time for take out but was very happy with the quality of the food. The spices and flavors were bold and the consistency of the sauce was rich, but not too rich. Just the way I like it. Their Spicy is equal to Extra Extra Spicy at other Indian restaurants so order a level down! Will ordered again .Update: I've ordered take out from here 8 times now. Never disappointed!
I'm no expert in Indian cuisine. BUT this is a great place to start!!! Staff is friendly and food is very delicious!!!
I can only attest to the environment and the service. Unfortunately after a 30 minute wait no food was delivered to our table so we got up and left and had a lovely Indian cuisine meal at Brick Lane Curry House in Montclair, locu.com/places/brick-la….After being seated we had to ask the waitress for menus.....we had to ask the waitress for water.....we had to ask the waitress to take our orders. We had to ask the waitress what the problem was after sitting there for 25 minutes. We watched others who arrived after us get served their food sooner. It was a mess. Clearly this waitress is in the wrong job and the owners of the restaurant need to staff the front of the house and the back of the house better. Again, food may be great....may be horrible, I wouldnt know. I can say they have some major execution flaws in the operation of their restaurant. Silver lining to the evening was the absolutely  delightful meal we had at Brick Lane Curry in Montclair.
My boyfriend and I found this place through yelp because it was close to something we were attending in the area. The food was really great! We ordered the chicken tikki masala and lamb korma both curry style and they were so delicious. We also ordered garlic naan which was so good we ended up ordering another basket! The prices are reasonable and it's byob, which is always a plus! We will definitely be back again and recommend giving it a try!
Very good tasty food .lamb kebab & Butter chicken very  tasty.will visit again.Lamb curry tasty. Nan well cooked .Ask for different variety .
We had our lunch even catered by them and it was excellent. I don't look forward to food delivered at parties because it's never as fresh as it could be. Chicken dries out, naans become hard, crispy food becomes soggy, etc.To my surprise, the food was delightful. Tender chicken, warm naan, cruncy samosas, and some of the best raas malai I've had to date. Everything was a hit for our guests. It was on par - possibly even better - than some of my dining experiences at indian restaurants.Many of our guests loved the food and raved about it. A great job done.We also paid for the restaurant to set up the food stations rather than do it ourselves. If you plan on them as your caterers, I highly recommend it. It took them close to an hour to to set everything up.
Excellent food and Service. Lunch specials are amazing both in taste and Cost. I'd highly recommend this restaurant in the future to all my friends and colleagues
I love this place for both delivery and to eat in.Service was fantastic. They deliver to east Rutherford which is awesome. Sag paneer is super tasty. I got it mild topped with yogurt.  It was rich and creamy. Mango lassi was sweet and flavorful. I love the fact you can build your own dishes.  The chicken tikka Marsala was great. Chicken was tender. They also have plentiful portions.The place is small but the service was super quick.
Food is delicious and the service was great. Had the chicken tikka masala and the butter paneer. Also tried the veg samosas and kids Bombay fries which was a nice treat. Will definitely be back for more and try more stuff on the menu!
For my first time trying Indian food,  this place certainly makes an excellent impression,  from service to the quality of the food. The garlic naan was fresh, light and crispy; it nearly melted in my mouth. I got a mango lassi for  free through this app, and it has since become my favorite fruit drink. If only other places had something like this on their menu.  It was almost like drinking mango pudding with lots of mango puree in it. Simply delicious! I had the lamb biryani while my friend decided on making her own,  consisting of lamb curry style and korma sauce. These were so good that even though we were getting quite full after a while, we were very tempted to continue. Unfortunately, we didn't get to try their sweets. The service was also very friendly and welcoming, as they would frequent or table to ask and make sure if we needed anything or whether we liked the food. Overall, this is definitely a quant, lovely place to eat and hang out with friends while not having to spend a painful amount of money. Would definitely come back again to try other things. Can't wait!!
I had a build your own tikka masala with half paneer and half chicken. I liked the make your own since you could add some toppings. The portion was a great size and it was very yummy. We also ordered garlic naan and samosa chaat. Both were very delicious! I would definitely go back.
Best Indian restaurant in NJ!1) The food is amazing. I got the lunch special - chicken tikka masala, lentils, naan, rice, and dessert. 2) I got a biryani to go. Fantastic. Kinda like Chipotle style, you choose the ingredients. 3) Check in on yelp, and get free mango lassi.
This place was great! Best garlic naan and butter chicken I've ever had. Also had a couple of excellent appetizers! Delicious! Highly recommend going!
One of my favorite restaurants!!! I love the paneer tikka & garlic nann!The food is always fresh and warm. The service is always so kind and attentive.
Last night was my first time trying out these guys.  I must admit that after two years living in the Indian food oasis that is Central Jersey, I am pretty spoiled and the food in this area never quite lives up to NJ's Little India. I was, however, quite pleasantly surprised when I got takeout last night. First, the garlic Nan was delectable and a great addition to our meal (more on that later) and the jasmine rice that accompanied our dishes was perfect.I ordered the chicken vindaloo, my favorite Indian dish, medium, and my partner ordered the chicken tikka masala. Because he has a sensitivity to spicy food, he ordered mild.  The dynamic complexity of the spices used was refreshing. In my mind, Indian food at its best. You could really taste the multiplicity of good spice balanced into the meals.  As a spicy food aficionado (I put hot sauce on everything), I was a little surprised that the medium spice on my vindaloo was hot enough that I had to take many Naan and rice breaks (not that I minded--the Naan was heavenly).  Also, my boyfriend, who does tolerate some spiciness, found his mild sauce a bit overbearing. Prices were truly reasonable and portions covered dinner and a bit of lunch the next day. I would just recommend that when they ask you the heat level you want with your spice, you may want to order down.
Customer service was great. Quantity of food was large but taste wasn't 100% to my liking. I came for the lunch special and had the chicken curry, which came with rice, daal, achar, naan, and paneer. The daal and Chicken curry were too watery but the paneer was fantastic! Oh, I forgot to mention it also included 1 gulab jamun, which was good. They serve kati rolls which I am curious to try, so I'll be back.
Family owned deliciousness. Mausams's savory and sweet curry satisfied the way real curry is supposed to. As someone who has tasted Indian curry from all over, I highly recommend Mausam. Their 'tikka masala' is perfected!I came here on a Saturday night and the place was quiet with a home-like feel. Along with me came a person who had never eaten curry in their life and to the restaurants delight, they were astounded by the taste. Will be coming back here for seconds. Thank you so much for creating authenticity with your flavors. If there's anything anyone wants to eat, it's food that's so good, it makes us tells stories about it.
Cute modern take on Indian food. I love how they have everything described in detail on the menu for Indian food noobs. Staff friendly and accommodating.
Indian food is one of my favorite types of food, and after visiting this restaurant, I'm glad to have found it (thanks to fellow yelpers). The pricing is reasonable, and everything is freshly made to order. The service is great, and the food is truly delicious and authentic! When determining authenticity, I tend to take notice of whether or not actual Indian people are preparing the food, as well as dining in the restaurant. I'm happy to report that I noticed both. I loved the menu option of customizing your dish with various add-in items. I had the chicken biryani, and customized it with a variety of veggies and toppings, while deciding to go with the Korma sauce. This combo was a first for me, but I was very satisfied with my meal...quite delish! I was also impressed with the level of spiciness actually being to my liking. Many places offer "spicy" but don't always live up to my expectations. The amount of spice was perfect. I'm a girl who loves spice, so take heed if that's not your thing. Mild is an option as well. I also tried the mango lassi and the garlic naan. Both were very good. Overall,I have no complaints, and I'll definitely return to this spot....definitely a great find!
Definitely my go-to Indian spot. I'm a huge fan of their samosas, Lamb Korma and their burritos. However, this restaurant definitely has some weaknesses:1. Their lamb roganjosh although flavorful was way too watery. Imagine eating this plate with rice and seeing a lot of water separate. 2. The masala chole is alright but way too pricey for a can of beans and masala. 3. Delivery time - It takes them an hour and a half to get to my house, which is way too long. However, I will be back and assume they will improve their quality over time. I respect this business mainly because of the manager. I remember going there the first time it opened and was blown away by how tasty the food was. My only complaint was their portion size was way too small. When I told the manager, he was quick to correct this and pleaded me to come back. I did and I was not disappointed :-)
This is how the Indian food is supposed to be. Delicious and worth trying :) I have brought friends to dine in and all were happy
July 2016 - update;Since my orig review I have ordered take out again and the portions are better. In addition, I have also eaten at the Clifton location a couple of times and by far this is the only place I know of which offers a Tikka Masala version for vegetarians (known as Mausum Makkhanvala) which is yummo! Having had this new experience I am updating the review and increasing the rating.
Damn good for Indian fast food!The Tikka Masala sauce is delish, as was the Palak. The nan was awesome too. For the lunch specials (even on the weekends) you get a huge assortment of items for less than $9 - what a deal. The atmosphere is meh, it has a cold feel to it. But hey, its even cheaper if you take it to-go soooo I may do that for next time. I would definitely come back here if I'm craving Indian on-the-go.
Have been here twice and excellent food both times. The quality of the chicken and lamb used in the curries is great. It seems that they are willing to use higher quality ingredients in their food. Our parents (we are Indian) were impressed and excited will definitely be ordering from here again!
First time here and enjoyed my butter chicken.  The aloo paratha was a little greasy but still tasty.  Attentive service, nice ambiance.  Would definitely come here again.
Excellent food and service. Stopped in for lunch. Not too busy. Had a chicken and a lamb curry. Everything was terrific from apps to the garlic naan and entrees. Atmosphere was freindly, clean and professional.
Curry and appetizers menu with BYOB. I love Indian and other cultural food. This place was great! Loved the curry, very clean, nice people running the place, and the prices were very fair. They have a casual ambiance so jeans and sneakers are fine. Will definitely be back.
As I waited for my food, you can see them cooking. The "chef" kept LICKING his finger and putting it into the pans into each sauce and dish. I was SHOCKED! He did this over and over on all of the dishes he made, no spoon, his finger. The "host" had been in the front managing orders, touching his face, nose, etc. and then went to sprinkle something on top of the food he was packaging. He never washed his hands, nothing. I watched the whole time.I did not accept the food after seeing this all occurring toward the end of my order being completed. I confronted the "host" or manager or owner about everything I witnessed. He had not ONE word to say. Just in shock that I saw that all that happen and I guess that I called him out. Nothing, not even an apology. This place is awful and disgusting!
Love this place. The best deal is the $8.88 lunch. The first time I came my lunch came with a green peas dish. I'm picky as it comes to peas, but not only did I love it, it has been my favorite dish , Mehti Masti. My wife and I have tried most of the menu, and love everything, chicken dishes like Chicken Tikka Masala, lamb dishes like Lamb Biryani, etc, etc. Naan is hot and delicious, Garlic Naan a must. The staff is friendly and kind. Sometimes the food takes a while, if they're busy, but usually good timing. We've had delivery to our home as well and been well pleased.
I have never ate at the restaurant but I have placed many delivery orders!!!  The food is always delicious.  The Lamb Biryani is our absolute favorite.  I also love the Samosas and the Curry Cauliflower.  We recently tried something new, Samosa Chaat, it was delicious.  I would definitely recommend ordering or stopping in to eat some of this delicious Indian food.  Mild is spicy enough for me so be careful things can get super spicy if you are not used to it.
This place is really really good!  Reminds me a bit of "Curry in a Hurry" in the UK.Very modern, clean and upbeat.  It's really a takeout/delivery place with a few seats if you want to eat inside.The food was excellent.  We had the Palak Paneer, Masala Chole, Malai Kofta & Chicken Vindaloo.  Chicken was off the bone and amazing.  We also split some samosas (think all filling with a very light thin crust) and they too were excellent.  Garlic nan is delicious too.I'd eat this again in a heartbeat!
A friend highly recommended this place so u decided to give it a shot! I'm so upset I did..... because I haven't tried it sooner!!! The chicken tiki masala was amazing! I ordered it spicy and it was the perfect amount of spice not overwhelming. I also ordered garlic nan which went perfect for dipping! If you haven't tried this spot out yet Do It!
Very tasty. Authentic Indian food. I will definitely come back here. Try coppa pistachio is so good!!!
From start to end everything was really good! It was the best indian food i have ever had! We got the butter chicken and chicken tikka masala as a main dish. We also tried the bite called papdi chat which was super delicious. At the end we asked for their national desert - soft and sweet. the prices are perfect too - very affordable. This place is highly, extremely recommended! Nice staff as well. Will definitely be back :)
I order from this place all the time, like almost too much, like maybe they should make one of their dishes after me kinda too much. It's good food, delivery is quick (I do live close though). I am generally not a big fan of Indian restaurants because the food is too heavy and oily, but this place is great.  The food is good and almost tastes like home food. I specially love their Paneer Kathi Roll, the Dal Makhani is spicy but damn it's good. Their Naans' are always soft and delicious. A bit pricey but the food and service is so good that I can't help going here and ordering multiple times.
Excellent food with amazing service. We ordered paneer tikka masala with garlic naan and chilli naan. Everything tasted sooo good. We requested to make the tikka masala spicyy and it was AMAZINGGGG. Flavour, texture and spice was heavenly. Naan was fresh as well.One criticism is that the amount of paneer in the curry is super low for $13, so don't cheap out on the food (there is a reason why we ordered paneer). Understand you gotta make $$$ for the business, but look at cutting costs someplace else. One of the best indian places in NJ though
The food was average - we had the lamb biriyani and the peas with methi. the peas was in a sweet sauce which really was a put off, especially when we asked for food to be spicy. The biriyani was fairly bland too.
The samosa chaat is THE BEST, especially with some garlic naan on the side!! The butter chicken is perfection. They are must haves!! To make it even better, the service is really welcoming and consistent.
Great place for easy take out. Appreciate the ability to "build your own" dish by choosing style, sauce, and what gets mixed in. Prices relatively low but portions (especially amount of meat/paneer/vegetables in a dish) are modest in proportion. Interior recently redecorated nicely so now much more appealing place to dine instead of just taking out.
Very tasty and reasonably priced Indian food. I ordered the chicken tikka masala, palak paneer and naan. They were all solid. Also ordered the chicken tandoor, it was okay - not the same as tandoori chicken which is what I was craving. The restaurant is smaller but very clean and pleasant on the inside. I ordered takeout but it's nice enough to dine in. I will definitely be ordering from them again.
Delicious food, enjoyed every bit of everything we ordered. So many flavors n every dish. Samosas, paneer dishes were so good. Will go there again and again.
Great service, great environment, and even greater food! Everything was delicious and the build your own curry dish was a very unique feature. Will definitely be returning soon! Definitely my new go to Indian spot
Love this little Indian cafe, portions are good. Food is made fresh and to order. Service is very friendly and its BYOB. Chicken or Lamb korma is fantastic another of my favorites is lamb byriani.  Nan breads are so good.....If you like Indian food you will love this place, if your a new at exploring Indian cuisine then this is the place for you too, you can choose what you like, the menus is set up so you can mix and match your choices. The waiter will help you order if you just tell him what your likes and dislikes are Love it love it love it .....
Very good clean food. Next time we'll have to try the spicy.  Medium wasn't too spicy for us.
First time ordering from here: was online, saw they were close, placed my order (Vindaloo Biryani w/ almost everything) , drove there and it was ready for me once I got there. Food was absolutely delicious, and I've had a lot of Indian food. The ONLY downside, and it's a really minute complaint, is that I didn't get any cutlery to go :( had to use tongue suppressors at work, but that's okay lol. Definitely will be ordering again!
Only getting lunches to go, very happy with the taste. Highly recommended. Glad to have this little place in the neighborhood.
Great local Indian spot! Stopped in the other day for the first time after a recommendation by a friend & was impressed. Ordered the daily lunch special.. comes w naan, rice & two currys - one was chicken Masala probably the best I've had & the other was a vegetarian option. Both really good flavors & not to mention the portion was huge! I ended up eating the other half for dinner. & all this for a whopping $8.50! Quick take out, great flavors, variety & price - can't beat it !!
All I can say is WOW! Best Indian food I have found on the east coast.  Lamb Tikka Masala is incredible!  Lamb is super tender and flavorful. Garlic naan is amazing.  Excellent service as well.
Big saver for lunch special $8.88 plus mango lassie for free! The portion is large enough for two! Best lunch place in town!
This place never fails! Everything I've eaten has been amazing! I especially love the chicken korma with all the the vegetable choices! This has turned into a new "go to" take out on my busy nights at work!
Food was delicious!! I got curry with paneer and cauliflower and my boyfriend got korma with chicken and paneer. Each of us were delighted with our meals. If you aren't a spicy food person, definitely get mild. The medium is spicy. The service is also excellent! Definitely would recommend it!
Great meal and portions for lunch. I went during the day and the waiter was very helpful with helping choose something. I checked in and got a free mango shake which was so good. The Tikka masala was delicious and so was the garlic naan
My bestie and I went there for lunch yeasterday...the portions were very generous!..we both had the lamb..yummy!..they dont serve alcohol but had no problem with us bringing in a bottle of red.
Awesome chicken tikka masala and lamb Briyani. The veggie somosas were very good too! Clean place with great service. Definitely coming back again
Went to this place when i was visiting a friend in new jersey. I love this place.. Its chipotle like make your food your own way stuff, which is not very common with indian restaurants. I went on a saturday when they had a weekend special called chicken tikka masala tacos.. it was yumm.. the tikka masala sauce was perfect. The staff was quite good and the service was quick.I wish they had something like this in austin too! :(
Amazing service. I ordered chicken tikka masala and it was the best I've ever had. A lamb biryani was ordered at my table as well and it was fantastic, servicing sizes are definitely enough to share. I'll be coming back here.
This place is awesome for Indian food. I was over at friends house and onnmy way i wantee to eat biryani and this place was the closest place. So, i got the chicken biryani and it was hot & spicy. I loved it. I would recommend this place to everyone.
This is the second (and last time) I will order from or go here.  Each time I've ordered take out I have requested that the food be very, very mildly spiced. I don't handle heat well but love Indian food.  I over emphasized this with my order for last night.  I got home and the food was not mild and therefore became inedible for me.  $40+ for two entrees, one app and 2 breads. Not cheap and not worth the hassle of begging mild food. I love their restaurant in Montclair. The food is always prepared as requested and the service is good.  The Clifton location could use some more of the niceness of the Montclair location.
This was my first experience with Indian cuisine and I was not disappointed! I am HUGE on spicy foods so I ordered the chicken vindaloo. The dish had the perfect amount of heat and flavor. The prices were fair for the amount of food you received. The staff was very friendly and made sure to check if we needed anything throughout our meal (I was especially impressed by this since this is considered a "fast food" establishment) I will definitely be coming back.
Solid food from this place. My girlfriend is a very picky when it comes to Indian curry because of her extremely low heat tolerance. So she had her reservations about this place.We started with the Veg Samosa. Crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. Delightful.She ordered to Lamb Mughalai mild, and I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo medium. We also shared a garlic naan. Everything was flavored well and cooked to our liking. Though I felt it was a little pricey at the end, the quality of the food and excellent service was worth the experience.I look forward to ordering for delivery from them soon.
Chicken tikka Masala was the best chicken tikka Masala I have ever had the lamb biryani was excellent!! Will go every time I'm in town!
Absolute best Indian meal we've had possibly ever. We were not expecting much as we were the only patrons at lunch hour. But the food was incredible, spiciness  just as requested, and even the hard to please kids left stuffed. We want to come here every Sunday from Manhattan, what an amazing find! Orders vindaloo, chicken tikka masala and tandoori. The naan is incredible!
I don't know how they got 4.5 stars.. But with What I got  today, I could give less than 1. First, the tables were dirty, second we waited 10 mins, still no one came to ask for anything, have to ask for water. I like spicy food, i ordered medium spicy, they made it super spicy. When i asked to confirm if I Ordered medium spicy, the server simply said "I told you". I don't know what that meant. Anyways, I was not going to ask for replacement or money back, I was just trying to confirm if I ordered correct spicy level. Good thing I ordered mild for to go. The chaat I ordered was icy cold. I will not go back there again...
Amazing food! I ordered the Vindaloo Chicken Spicy with Rice and I couldn't get over how well the chicken was cooked and the dish is very very spicy!!! Warning to those who don't like spicy stuff, don't get it! Overall the delivery experience wasn't terrible about 45min. Also try out the Garlic Nan bread! I was dipping it in the spicy vindaloo, delicious !
This time we ordered for delivery and what a surprise! Yelp Eat24 estimated it would take 60 mlnutes and they were knocking at my door in half an hour with perfectly hot and delicious food. Lamb Roganjosh and Chicken tikka masala, were both spectacular. Garlic nan just rounded out the meal and helped sop up the wonderful sauces. I would definitely be ordering from here again.
I have been looking for a good Indian place and this one is tops. Clean and some of the best Indian food around. I liked that you can pick and choose you dish from the do it urself menu. The waiter asked a few questions and picked out a dish that hit the spot. This is my go to spot now for great Indian food.
I have to say the food is very good. Chicken Korma, Naan, samosas are our favorites. But the reason for the low stars is the price. It is expensive for a express version of the restaurant.  I rather go to Montclair restaurant for the same price and enjoy the ambiance.
I really like this place.  It's a $25 min. for delivery.  They have the best rice and garlic naan.  Chicken tikka masala is always a hit and you can't go wrong with that.  Everyone is friendly on the phone and in person.  Minus one star b/c for the price...I think they could give a little bit more food.
Great place!They have a very cool menu where you can chose between curry, briyani and a burrito. The level of spiciness was indeed mild as requested, and in general, the place was clean and the food was delicious. The manager was extremely friendly, and the service was perfect. We'll be back!
They have a few locations, don't be fooled though they are different from each other.  Different chefs equal different food.  This one is amazing, highly recommending going even if you didn't like their other location.
Just average nothing special.  Got chicken tikka and garlic naan.  The sauce was average and chicken was on the dry side.  Nann couldve used more oil or butter in it.  There are better choices for indian food in the area.
Great local Indian place. The Kati roll isn't quite like the Kati roll company but definitely better than some of those I have had in jersey city and its light so you don't feel gross after eating. The burritos are really what's special here and so many combinations of things to put inside them! The curry bowls are a little pricy so if I want naan and sabzi would rather go to brick lane.
Upon arrival, we was greeted by a friendly worker who obviously takes pride in customer service. . Long story short... Ordered Chicken Tikka (spicy) with a side of garlic naan... Hands down the best I've ever had, by far... That's coming from someone who orders that at every Indian restaurant... I don't think I've ever licked a bowl clean in public... Until then... If you are reading this review and are contemplating going there, do your self a favor and go!
The service was good and the food was excellent.  Large portions too.  And waitress was helpful.   She wasn't resentful like other places when we asked questions or for more water.
Yum, yum, yum. Need I say more? Haven't tried the curry yet though I hear it's great from the locals. Good option for vegetarians, which is fantastic being that there are so few in the area.
Ordered take-out from this location.Delivery time:     Approximately 45 minutesPro's:- Food was delicious- Food that I ordered but was missing from my delivery was delivered within 20 minutes of me making them aware of the mistake.Con's:- I ordered Chicken Tikki Masala (price of $12.00), which totalled about 6 cubes of chicken. I'd say, generously, that they were 1 inch squared each. So, needless to say, there is very little bang for your buck.- Due to the very small nature of the entree, I was still hungry even after eating the entire side of rice and a full piece of Naan. Overall:Good food, but not nearly enough supplied for the price you're paying. I live in Hoboken and paid Hoboken prices at this place but received about half the food that I would normally expect. Giving two stars, rather than one, due to the food being good and their quick delivery of the forgotten part of my order.
My first time going here was with my bestie. She put me on! I had never had Indian food really. The food is amazing! I will literally crave it its so delicious! The first time I went a gentleman attended us. He was so helpful and so amazing. He is the reason I came back because  his suggestion was amazing!!!! Love the food and the mango lassi!!!!! Really great place to eat at! Iloveit
I love Indian food and was happy to come across this place so close to home.  They deliver as well which is a huge plus!  The food isn't the best 5* indian, but it's definitely not bad. It may advertise as fast food, but it's all cooked to order and the place is very clean. The chicken vindaloo was pretty much all white meat, and the lentils were great. The naan was on par with other places.  It can be a little pricey, but overall I enjoyed it.  The 2 guys working (cook & cashier) when I went in were very friendly and explained all the menu items to me and how you can customize your order to basically whatever you want.  I wish this place good luck, and hope it sticks around!
It was very authentic indian food.  Medium was perfect spice level for me.  For most people who are not used to spicy foods they should get mild.
The food was good but the service was very poor. We had to get our own menus, asked twice for our drinks, and our server was incapable of splitting our bill. My plate was dirty but when I asked for a new plate the server provided unprofessional commentary about the cleanliness of the plate. Would not recommend this place for eating in, maybe better for take out.
Finally the first Indian restaurant in Clifton. Small fast food menu and a 'chitpotle' like rice bowl choices. Menu choices are well thought of but limited.We love the food of its mother restaurant in Secausus. So the food here will be good. Only ate the bhel on first visit, it was not that great. The masala flavor of bhel was missing. It was also icy cold, I guess one of the indigents just came out of freezer. The biggest gripe would be the price. Nearly $12 for a rice bowl seems overpriced. To have a full Indian buffet is typically around that in Jersey city or Parsipanny.
Been looking forward to this place opening for 2 months, the first Indian restaurant in Clifton.  Finally opened today (10/13/14).You pick an item (curry bowl, biryani bowl, burrito, or salad bowl).  Then pick the protein, sauce, and toppings.  They make the food fresh for you while you wait.We ordered a curry bowl with chicken, korma sauce, and a couple toppings.  We also ordered a Chicken Katini Roll.They forgot to put the toppings on the curry bowl.  Considering it was the first day, understandable.  Both dishes were delicious, fresh and lots of flavor. Why the 3 stars?  The curry bowl is way too expensive at $11 and change.  The portion is not that big.  Prices at a sit down Indian restaurant are similar but with larger portions.  A "fast-casual" Indian restaurant, which is akin to their food truck, should be less expensive.  Comparable places in Jersey City and Edison are much less expensive (and better food).Hopefully they decrease their prices.  Then I would definitely frequent this restaurant, especially considering they deliver.
I come here for the lunch special pretty regularly. For under 10 bucks you leave unreasonably full. Portion is huge. Always have a veg and meat option. Food is served up fast and quick. Staff isn't all up in your business, but attentive. Place is clean. Trying to think of something to complain about, but can't find any. Highly recommend.
Dishes to try : Biriyani Burrito ,Paneer Tikka Masala..Quality of food is good and service standards with polite and efficient staff are well kept. Should add some more flavors to their menu...Great ambience... Food taste great! Overall a great experience!!!
Food is excellent.  Garlic naan and mango lassi are some of the best I've had.  Only problem is they tend to be understaffed and the wait can be long.  Picking up to go might be the better option.
I have always been looking for a decent spot around clifton for indian food and I believe I have finally found one. While I have not dined in yet I have ordered to go several times and each time I was very satisfied. I have tried the Chicken masala and the butter chicken so far. The food is really good, I felt the butter chicken tasted more like tikka masala than actual butter chicken (yes they are different). Non the less this will be my new spot in clifton and I am a fan of this place.
Tried this place for the second time today. Food is good but overwhelming with the taste if one isn't used to Indian food. The lamb is excellent but the sauce I got wasn't my favorite. But the service was the most surprising. The manager  (I'm assuming) calls me back after the first order to follow up and see how the food was. That's very rare and a good attribute to have in a business which is also why I would recommend this place.
We had food delivered and it was great.  We ordered the chicken tiki masala, butter chicken, palak paneer, dal along with the naan.  We are very picky eaters when it comes to Indian cuisine, we always try to have it when in NYC. This place is as good if not better than the few spots we frequent.  You guys have received 4 new guests (in-laws loved it as well and it's their 1st exposure).  Our only complaint is we wished we would have known when you opened cuz we missed two years of eating your cuisine.
This was sadly an epic failure on several levels. I placed the order online - for pick- up. Custom MILD chicken curry bowl with tikka masala sauce and several toppings on the side, garlic naan, and extra tamarind and yogurt on the side.Upon confirmation, I received a status that my order would be ready in 10-35 minutes - failure point 1 - no idea when exactly i'm supposed to pick it up. Upon receiving it and driving home, there were no toppings on the side, 1 teaspoon of yogurt stuff on the side and no tamarind. That was failure point 2. I called the restaurant to ask what happened and was told the toppings were likely mixed in and that they just forgot the tamarind. I was told I could drive back for the tamarind if I wanted it. Failure point 3. Then I opened the chicken and of course, failure point 4, this was not by any stretch of the imagination a mild dish. Good Indian food is hard to come by in this area, and sad to say, it still is.
The lunch set is very good. Worth to try. And I got a mango lassi for free. Definitely come to this place again!
My go-to for Indian takeout! Price is right and food is delicious. I usually get the chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, and vegetable samosas. It ends up being a little expensive, but enough to last you for 2 meals so it's worth it. Delivery takes 45-60 minutes (I'm in Nutley).
My first time at Mausam was to pick up a take-out order. Initially it was supposed to be delivery which we were so excited about but they were having a busy night and the wait time would have exceeded what we were willing to go without food!             First impression, we received a call right away informing us of the wait time. I found this to be a great courtesy as apposed to have to wait the hour and call expecting our food in 30 minutes.             We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala with Garlic Naan & the Mango Lassi. Our usual from any Indian restaurant. Everything was delicious as usual. The chicken itself had a great flavor eating with or without the sauce. Rice was fresh, not dry or crunchy. The Naan, although the raw garlic was a little overpowering, was soft and crisp in all the right places regardless. Lastly, the Lassi was perfectly sweet and thick as it should be.            Our first experience warranted a second visit, just a week later! This time we chose to dine-in. Second time was the charm on this one! No complaints about the first experience but the second! Absolutely WOW'ed by the service and quality. You may be intimidated by the intimate nature of the restaurant itself but don't be! The server and cook were both extremely welcoming and kind. They were both very helpful and quick with the overall execution.            We ordered the same thing.. again ;) except the plain naan this time. Equally as delicious and appropriately portioned. Not to mention reasonably priced. At the end of our meal the server even offered us a small sample of one of their special desserts! PERFECT!           As newcomers to this town we have found our first place to become regulars in the area. :)
My first review on yelp...and has to be of my favorite place...awesome food...the best thing about this place is you can customize your curries and biryani which option is rarely available in indian cuisine in NJ. We customized one curry dish and one biryani dish. Since we are vegetarian, we ordered fresh vegetables,paneer and cauliflower for the curry ingredient and pepper corn for the gravy...pepper corn gravy is bit spicy so you can ask them to make it mild. The quality of paneer and aroma from garlic naan is irreplaceable. The pistachio dessert is a must  there and is irresistible...will workout more the next day but surely coming here again!!!!
Really delicious food.  Our favorite dishes, Samosa Chat, chicken tikka marsala, mango lassi
As a indian , One of the best spots i have been too ! Price is ok it could be a little better , customer service is always friendly and too kind , clean place , good for groups or single people , just come by and you will see what im saying !
Great little gem.  Fabulous  value. Authentic food, super reasonable prices, BYO .  Small storefront seems to do a lot of pick up and delivery. Friendly courteous service. Not much in the form of atmosphere, enjoyable food at fabulous prices.
The food was delicious, service was great and fast. Staff is friendly and attentive. I would recommend this restaurant to anybody who likes Indian food or hasn't ever had it before and wants to try it. This place is worth a visit for sure!
Vindaloo was ok very little meat puri was disgusting greasy and soggy and smelled  of old oil. Also for 15 and 5 dollars shipping would expect a larger portion.
This place is amazing!! The best Indian food in Passaic county! Tikka masala is the best I've ever had... Nick is so nice and accommodating. I highly recommend this place to EVERYONE!!
Working in the area with a co-worker and found this place on Yelp. Wonderful food. Enjoyed the dine in special. The place is small so there is not a lot of seating but we'll worth it. Prices are good. I will definitely go back when I'm in town.
Delicious and reasonably priced.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  We like spicy and mild was hot.  Definitely going to be back again soon.
Great food. Chicken tikka masala and malai kofta were very good. The garlic naan was awesome. Will definitely come back.
Mausam is by far my favorite restaurant in the surrounding area. I have been to this location as well as the Montclair location several times, and have never been disappointed. I recommend the Clifton location if you are looking for a less formal environment. My favorite dish is the Malai Kofta with the garlic naan. Everything is made fresh and is totally worth the wait. I also recommend the build-your-own curry from the Clifton location, perfect for a healthy lunch!
Indian food is my all time fav!! And this place defiantly fulfills my taste buds. I've had the biryani rice which is good. But I do prefer sauce with my rice. I've ordered the fish and shrimp on separate occasions. It's  excellent!!! Place looks very clean and well maintained. I'm defiantly a returning customer. Oh and garlic naan bread, amazing!!!
Great little find of an Indian restaurant in Clifton! It is rare to find a place like this and the food did not disappoint!Definitely recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala or Chicken Mughala, Palak Paneer for your classic home style cheese & spinach, and of course the Cheese Naan from the Kido Bites!If you are in the hood or live around, it is worth a try! Thanks Mausam!!!
Masaum did a good job.  The lamb korma was delish , the basmati rice was aromatic and the right consistency  , the poori was huge and the samosa, the samosa chaat was loaded with toppings. The kitchen is open and the place is very clean and the service was wonderful. the prices are comparable to what you would pay in the area.  Plus its BYOB and close to my house , I'll be back definitely.
Worst food I ever had. Threw the entire food I bought for $ 34.99Taste was horrible.
I would not even call this place fast food as they cook it right for you when you come :) the food here is on point!!! And the tikka masala sauce is heavenly. My only suggestion is that they give a little more rice with the curry bowl so I can Stretch this out to two meals. But I'll be frequenting here weekly FOR Sure!
We went for a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon and were very impressed with Mausam. The biryani burrito was unusual and delicious, and has been on my mind since I finished it. We also had the Bombay fries which were a cool take on an old standard and the desi quesadilla that was delicious!If I lived or worked closer I'd eat here all the time!
I like the food, however, the prices are definitely too high. To order a curry rice dish with garlic naan costs about $15. And that's only for veggies, paneer, or chicken. Add $3+ dollars to that total if you want lamb or shrimp. And some may argue they are a bit skimpy with the meat. I can fork over just a few extra dollars at another place for restaurant ambience and service. Why would I pay this much for a casual, to-go restaurant? The service is also a bit spotty as well. Not exactly rude, but definitely not kind either.
Great food. Came here because of an Amazon local deal. Real tasty and fun. A bit pricy at $13 an entree but food was good.
This eatery has a nice atmosphere and delicious Indian food.The choices are great.Try Mausam. You will enjoy your visit!
Great place to eat fresh food with good taste. I have been eating to this place for 2 years and it is highly recomended for food lovers.
so delicious! ive order the Chicken Tikka Masala with Garlic Naan  at least 4 times and it is so amazing. the only downfall is delivery always takes an hour an im located in Clifton as well.
Really good Indian food! Must visit!!! You can create curry as per your taste,choice of gravy and veggies. Tandoori roti was just ..... 10/10 !!!  I'll definitely be going back.
Very tasty, really good Indian food-- and the lunch special is very worthwhile for the price.
I have tried Kadai Paneer, Butter Chicken, Chicken Tikka and Masala Chole so far and all dishes were awesome! The spice level was exactly how I asked it to be and the chicken is always perfectly cooked. The staff is good too. They also have special lunch menu for takeout which I like. One of my favorite places for Indian food :)
Great food, great customer service. The chicken Tikka Massala is an absolute most. Everything in the menu is absolutely great!!
The place is awesome! It was my first time eating Indian food, and Nick was extended welcoming and informative on what I was eating. The food was incredibly delicious. Highly recommend!
I agree with previous reviewer, I had been looking forward to this place as well but what a disappointment. I had a curry bowl take out  and for the money that they charge the quantity and quality was quite disappointing.  As for quality it seem just a tad bit better than frozen meals. quantity is about the same. (I have had much better food from Jersey city/montclair) I also tried their khatini rolls and that was disappointing too. It was cabbage and paneer with little bit of spices rolled in Mexican tortilla. Not worth it the 20$ that I spent there.
I love Indian food and I've had a really tough time finding places I enjoy.  I must say this place has some pretty good food.  The a la carte menu is pretty pricy, but the lunch special is an excellent deal.  It comes with 2 veggie dishes and a meat w/ rice, naan, dessert, and yogurt.   Because of the lunch menu, I've tried a few dishes I otherwise would have never ordered and now absolutely love.  I highly recommend giving this place a shot.
This place was great! From the moment I ordered until my last bite. It was our first time ordering from Mausam, we did not know what to get. We usually do Friday family nights and today I chose to order Indian food. My family has had bad experiences with Indian restaurants before and never thought to order again but this place has definitely changed that. The place was very very clean! We ordered chicken biryani and samosas, and a variety of the breads. We also ordered the butter chicken and had a "curry ur way". The chicken biryani was just right! The taste reminded me of our trip we took to India. My favorite was the butter chicken!!! It was so delicious. I've had butter chicken from Indian restaurants before and it was so watered down. The sauce of the butter chicken here was so rich and full of taste I literally got every last drop of that sauce! The samosas were to die for! Its not the pre packaged samosas that many Indian restaurants try to serve you, these you can tell were homemade. And the bread!!! if you actually pay attention, you can see them hand make it from scratch! It was so good. All these years of having bad experiences at Indian restaurants and this place changed it all! TRUST ME JUST ORDER FROM HERE! I am not one to post reviews, but what made me do this review is knowing that they actually cared! After we finished our meal we got a phone call asking how we liked the food which I thought was very nice. It's as if I ordered food from one of my Indian friends family.
