Sit down area is the usual, boring siyting area of a local spot. But the order is cooked right in front while you wait. Its 8pm and the guys in the kitchen still have a good attitude. They greeted me and smiled :) hey, most takeouts people sre on the go and too cranky lol good they are happy while cooking my meal!
Great food and the delivery guy was extremely polite, makes me continue to keep ordering. The sesame chicken was delicious and so was the shrimp fried rice and they even included a complimentary soup.
The food at taste of China is not only great but they have such friendly service aswell! I have never waited more then 10 minutes for my food to be prepared or even deliveries can take up less the 25-30 minutes which I think it absolutely amazing. My favs here are the pork fried rice (the best) with sweet and sour chicken. The egg rolls are too die for aswell! Crispy and so yummy inside.
Fast delivery and food was really good. I ordered the house special lo mein, young chow fried rice, beef with broccoli, egg drop soup, and general tso's chicken. All of them was delicious.
The food was good and the customer service is VERY GOOD. Sesame chicken with broccoli n pork fried rice plus wonton soup are my favorites from here. Will always recommend others to come here just because of the service. Lunch special is a good deal. Makes you fall asleep right after eating...zzzz
This place is just up the block from me so my kids just go there by foot!It is a favorite of mine and the neighborhood. The delivery guy is always running in and out whenever I'm there.Taste of China have a good selection of typical Chinese dishes and they have the usual lunch specials.The place is kept very clean and service is fast.The lady behind the counter always get my order correct but the guy is the opposite.The owner and worker are from the same family and have been here forever. I have watch their children grow up these past years.Their prices is a little on the high end BUT their dishes are very large!
Best fried rice in the borough! Love their shrimp and chicken selections. Food is consistently above average. Everything taste fresh and delicious. Prices are modest. Staff is friendly and efficient. Give them a try. You won't be disappointed.
This is my go to chinese place! ! I usually order for delivery,  it's always hot and fresh. .my delivery usually comes way faster than expected. Would highly recommend...
This is the best Chinese food restaurant in this area. The owners are super nice and the place is super clean. I've been going here for over 15 years and am never dissatisfied. I like the boneless spare ribs. They are cut differently and cooked better than other places.
I've been coming here for about 20 years, so I figured it's time I wrote a review. Wow, has it really been open that long? It's my go to spot in the neighborhood. The owners are super nice. The food is excellent. Granted, it's not your 5 star Manhattan restaurant, but for take out, it's the best in the neighborhood and beyond.  Yes, the delivery times are sometimes long.  The longest I've had to wait was an entire hour! But I'd rather wait for yummy food than settle for fast and average food elsewhere.
When your fiancé is craving Chinese food after a couple of drinks, your wallet will be happy with this selection. Edible.
Excellent, delicious Chinese food. Friendly owner.
Now I'm getting a hang of it! The Best American Style Take Out Chinese Food ! So if you live in the area you probably already know but if you are new to the area let me fill you in. Taste of China has some of the best tasting take out chinese food. So Tasty and Never Greasy! Must have's: General Tso's Chicken w. Pork Fried Rice Hot & Sour Soup Boneless Spare Rib Tips Fried Chicken WingsSingapore Mai Fun They are fast and friendly! Enjoy!
The food here was edible, but just barely.We ordered General Tso's Chicken with white rice and lo mien with pork fried rice. The General Tso's tasted and looked more like orange chicken, with a weird unpleasant aftertaste. The lo mien and rice were tasteless. I won't be ordering from here again.
Order it twice from here . They are more on the pricy side :/ but the food are decent not bad :) i would only come back if i dont mind paying a little bit more than other chinese places
Best Chinese food in the area. I've ordered delivery from a couple of places to test them out but this one has beat them all. I usually get General Tso's Chicken, white meat only. It always taste very good.
This local gem has been thriving for well over a decade.  If you like a bit of curry, highly recommend the Singapore Chow Mai Fun or SIngapore noodles.  Ranks as one of the best I've had here in the states or abroad.  Egg Rolls are solid.  Enjoy some take-out from this family run establishment serving fresh Chinese cuisine.
BEST PLACE TO GO! Delivery is fast and convenient. They have the best food, every time I go I get the chicken and broccoli,four seasons or seafood delight.Their butterfly shrimp with bacon is to die for.I love the wonton egg drop soup too! SUPER CLEAN and nice service!I give this restaurant five stars! I LOVE THE LUNCH SPECIALS, SO CHEAP. Price is reasonable, I always order over thirty dollars, and they give me 2 free sodas and an egg roll. I always order from here, no other place I would rather go to.
I ordered a General Tao's chicken  and it was pretty good and they made it pretty fast. I like this place because it offers a quick and cheap spot for lunch. The quality of the food seems to be good and they have an A in their health rating which was a plus.
Food is relatively affordable and cheap. Many different selections to choose from. I've only ever gotten the fried pork rice and egg drop soup and it came with free fried crunchy breadsticks. Egg drop soup was pretty good but the fried pork rice was average. They have recently started selling bubble tea and they are pretty alright. Comes in many flavors of taro, mango, honeydew, etc. The lady who takes my order is very nice and service is fast.
So i wanted to try this because i read yelp reviews on how the chicken broccoli is big portioned and i see a good amount of people going here, plus i dont live too far. But anyways, i ordered delivery for just two items which was chicken and brocolli and eggrolls cause the delivery time took about 35 minutes, and i was getting kind of impatient lol because i know another chinese food spot thats farther away that takes less time to come through but anyways the delivery person comes and she was nice, now it was finally to chow down on my food, i was really impressed with the egg rolls with was delicious, big, tender. Really good, but with my chicken and brocolli it was nothing special, the portion was the same as anything else, and i was a bit disappointed with the chicken, some pieces had really tough textures and it wasnt  amusing, the broccoli and rice were fine, same as anything else, i dont think i would order from here again but i say if you want chinese food give this place a try for suee who knows you may have a different opinion.
service is quick and fast, longest I've waited is 10 minutes! food is delicious also I usually get the chicken with broccoli and they add a lot of broccoli which is surprising because in other Chinese restaurants they only add two or three pieces
