Debated a bit on if I should rate them 1 star or 2. Decided to go with 2 because while their food wasn't disgusting, it certainly was an inauthentic mess. Ordered vegetable jalfrezi, lamb vindaloo, paneer kadai and couple garlic naans. Jalfrezi lacked salt and any taste whatsoever. Paneer kadai and lamb vindaloo were quite bland. Naans were the frozen packet types. There are much better Indian cuisine options available if you're willing to drive a bit farther.
I'm giving it 4 stars only because I haven't tried other dishes but I'm sure that will positively change soon.
A lovely restaurant with pleasant decor and music.  Great prices and selection, and BYOB (BYOW works too if that is your thing).  The food is always spiced well, especially the lamb-based dishes.  The lunch buffet is nice, though I often struggle with personal mobility by the time of the third plate, thanks to the unlimited naan.The server James is very friendly and attentive.  Sometimes he might be too friendly and tolerant, as there is on rare occasion the phenomenon of a customer watching videos on his or her smartphone with the speakers on at a loud setting.  Maybe I am just old fashioned, but I find that a little weird, even if I do appreciate learning about the latest The Bachelor developments second-hand in a scratchy, audio-only format.
Food was very good. I was not disappointed. I've been eating Indian for too many years. I had take out but the place looked clean and pleasant.
Do not order delivery! Placed order online when restaurant opened at 530 and immediately called to verify they received it. 1 hour 10 minutes later, I called again for an update. Was told that the order hadn't left yet and that it would take some more time. Huh? I really really wanted to love this place and am sad I'll never get to try it. 1 star because they agreed to cancel the order. Unclear if that will actually go through. TBD
Their garlic naan and paneer tiki masala are wonderful! They are nice and helpful. Will definitely order from there again
We come here ALL THE TIME. Amazing service, amazing food and a pleasant environment.
I absolutely love this place!  I'd have to say the best time to come is for their lunch buffet during weekdays!
I'm new to the area and have been exploring different places to eat. I went with my best friend and we ordered naan, chicken masala and a shrimp dish as well as a yogurt shake. Our food was great although the restaurant was empty besides us and another table. I'd be interesting in bringing a larger party here because I know they would love it . Next time we will definitely byob . I know they do a lot more take out orders than dine in. Maybe offer a coupon for those who usually order take out to entice them to dine there? Thank you for tasty food
Little bit pricey for dinner, but yay we have a curry joint. Take out if better than eat in -- space is cute but bathroom smells intense with fragrance and seats could be more comfortable. Still, we love it, and order often.
I eat a lot of Indian food and this place does not serve proper Indian food. For authentic delicious heaven. Go to journal square station and walk out to Indian town and find the best spots for Indian food.You are welcome
I have been here twice for their lunch special. It's $8.99 plus tax, and you get to stuff yourself with endless plates of food. I just started eating Indian food, and I must say, this place gives it such a great impression! I honestly wished I knew the names of the food by heart, but I don't. Everything is good here. You can't beat the flavors of each dish! Service is good, and they keep replenishing the food when it gets low. No complaints about this place!
The lunch buffet is cheap but terrible! Limited choices and not flavourful - cooked from canned ingredients (I assume). Also they seemed to have left the food under the heat lamps for ages - it was all dry and brittle. The waiter is polite and helpful though.
Nice atmosphere, good food, a modest but pleasant Indian restaurant. Worth a visit. They have a lunch buffet which I haven't tried yet.
Rude manager & staff. He said dine in open and when we reached he says I don't have waiters, so I cant allow dine in. He insisted to take away leftover as if customers can eat whatever they want to feed.Disgusting experience.Warning !!! Warning !!! Warning !!! - Selective food to eat but not worth for spending money considering 100's option in jersey city, Hoboken & Newport. Being desi @ We have perfect sense & we could differentiate the spice, taste & freshness ( 3 of 4 experience was with stale food particularly served deep fried to hide the awful smell of staleness)I would recommend non Indians to perfectly gauge the taste & smell the freshness and complaint /return the food whenever they feel its stale.Big NO if was asked to recommend.
I know this place for a few year, it may be not the most authentic and greatest indeed an place, but I like it. Food is more mild, so you can go with first timers. Service is great. Tried buffet, regular menu, lunch take out:)
I loooove Indian food and was so happy to try this gem, as I just moved to this area. First of all, the service is outstanding. Our server was so respectful, professional, and seemed really happy to have us there. He greeted my boyfriend and I with a smile and was super attentive the whole time. The food was delicious. We ordered chicken tikka masala and madras chicken. Both were excellent and filling. The madras chicken is advertised as spicy, and when we asked the waiter to tone down the spice he said it wouldn't be a problem. I was worried it would still be too spicy, but it was perfect. Needless to say, we left feeling full and happy. We will be regulars here for sure.
Average average average food. The buffet items were cold and the naan was old and left out. And no dessert??? I don't expect anything outstanding but atleast make an effort? On the plus side, the server was nice and.....thats about it. Permanently off my list of places to go.
excited to find an indian food place near me. got delivery and everything was delish!! tried the shrimp tikka masala, lamb kadai, and chicken korma along w/ garlic naan. everything was super flavorful and just the right amount of spice. would def order from here again!
Huge fan! Dined in a couple times but mostly my go-to for delivery. It's generally always a 45 min wait, but by the time it arrives, I'm completely satisfied. Palak Paneer is so delicious. (I always get it spicy!) and the meat samosas are great. The green sauce is fantastic, too. I will need to venture out and order more options, but I'm such a sucker for my usual orders! Popped in for their great deal lunch buffet during the week (which was quick seating) but wasn't as satisfied with selection as nothing was really replenished "hot/fresh" while we were there. Maybe it's bc we went for late lunch early in the week and we got the half end from the earlier group. Either way, can't beat price and staff was still very attentive. Can't wait to enjoy when I go back home from my travels!
Great fast delivery! I love everything I have tried here. A friend and I went to their buffet once and, though the options were limited, everything tasted wonderful. Friendly service. Our go-to for Indian food.
I was planning on going to Kinara in Edgewater for their lunch buffet,  but they were closed for renovations.  My wife and I had our hearts set on an Indian buffet so we decided to give touch of spice a chance.  Unfortunately it's no Kinara.I'll start with the positives. It's relatively cheap, and the Tandoori chicken may have been the best I've had ANYWHERE.  The chicken overly dry like it is at most places. Unfortunately ant vegetable dish was disappointing.  The saag paneer in particular was very disappointing.  It wasn't warm enough and it tasted like i bought it frozen at a store.  It's kind of a small place so we didn't feel like we could have a private conversation. It seemed like anything we said could be heard by anyone if they wanted to.The buffet selection was also a little weak in comparison with Kinara.  I was hoping for a little more.  To top it off the food didn't even seem to have the touch of spic re that the name of the restaurant conveyed.  It was completely mild.  All in all its not a bad place but not really that good either. If you are in the mood for Tandoori chicken then this is the place to go.
I love the food .Good tasty fresh .It's a great place delicious food , I start my order from them at least twice a week their yummy  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for anyone
Went for the weekday lunch buffet. Decent spread of items. Good for the price. The dishes are also quite tasty and nice. Very nice, actually. (Although they could have included just one dessert But the 3 star is for the service. I enter and the guy says "this is all we have. If you want and if you like it, you can eat". This was the same he said the last time I went in to this restaurant. I am not sure why anyone would say something so rude. Very unwelcoming.
My food arrived cold. I shouldn't have to hear it up. Food is good just wish they gave more rice with the meal.
Why do you not deliver to Edgewater!!!! :(I used to live two blocks away from this restaurant and ordered at least once a week. I've moved to Edgewater, NJ and they don't deliver to my area. It breaks my heart.... You MUST try their Chicken Tikka Masala and their Garlic Nan. Their Mango drink was also pretty good. Excellent customer service, speedy delivery, and mouthwatering food. Missing it all..
I ordered here recently and the food quality has improved a lot. Will definitely order again.
This place NEVER disappoints!! Their food is always consistently great and the service is always excellent.  Even on a busy night I never feel rushed. James the waiter is great. He is attentive without being "in your face" and always has a good disposition. The food can't get any better. The lamb samosas are amazing (I could live on them). Any entree I have tried is always a hit!! Their lunch buffet is equally as good. If you've never had Indian food this is the place to go. If you've been eating Indian food for a while this will set the bar for other places. I actually have measured other places against this one and this one always wins!!! TOUCH OF SPICE IS THE BEST!!!!
There used to be this friendly guy named James;up front at this eatery.  Recently,some new dude is there who really has no people skills/charisma,whatsoever. He acts as if he were doing me a favor by taking my money.  please lose this guy,as i want you folks to keep doing well.
I have a love and hate relationship with this place. I used to get delivery all the time, but they usually take a ling time (about 1hr and 15 mins). At first, they did not send utensils at all, I mean, I understand this is an Indian restaurant but come on, I do not want to dirty my silverware lol. Paneers are amazing, any lamb you order is going to be good. Overall is a good place. It is very hard for you to find Indian food in the area, so this is your place for Indian cuisine.
My most favorite delivery spot in all of Hudson County. The food is really fantastic.Aloo Gobi & Palak Paneer are my go to entrees.All of the breads are fantastic.Delivery guys are always very pleasant and a pleasure to deal with.
Tried the lamb vindaloo, aloo gobi and keema naan. All were tasty but not the greatest I've had. The mango Lassi was extra thick and tasted like real yogurt which was great- some restaurants skimp on this and use milk instead. The masala chai was not great, but I've noticed that to be the trend amongst places catering to Americanized palates. Overall the meal was enjoyable and the server James was doing an excellent job of working his tables and the phone / online orders simultaneously.I would go back being that I live in the area.
Not giving a second try ever. We had lunch buffet which was below average. Rice in buffet became hard over the time. Tandoori chicken was little uncooked. No dessert which is still fine but the service is very bad.The guy who manages the place is pretty rude, he needs some management training to learn how to talk to customers and to manage the place efficiently. We heard this guy call nasty names to people whom he was serving.The food is below average and service is extremely poor. Very much disappointed with the experience we had.
Small establishment, noisy and crowded.Food: taste was good, portions appropriate to price.Service: awful. Took 30 minutes just to take our order. Food took another 45 minutes. Plates rarely cleared, waters rarely refilled.I wouldn't return. Street parking is also hard to get. There are plenty of Indian food places in the area to enjoy.
I absolutely love this place! I'd have to say the best time to come is for their lunch buffet during weekdays!
Ordered for the first time for delivery! Can't tell u how much I enjoyed the chicken tikka Marsala and the chicken tandoori! Fast efficient and Up to par! If u like spices and spicy food, this is the way to go!
I have to say I was never a fan of Indian food, but this place changed my opinion. The restaurant is BYO which is great and the food is excellent. The service has always been excellent  and they deliver.
My food was cold by the time it was delivered. My Naan was soggy and not good, which is sad because i spent 20.00 mostly so I could get Naan. Usually my second thing from Indian restaurants is there delicious rice. This rice had was is obviously frozen vegetable medley.., sad food night here.
A neighborhood favorite. The best Indian food in the area and a bit of a hidden gem. The lunch buffet is the best deal in town and is reliably great. The Tomato Soup is excellent also. Great music too if you plan to eat-in. BYOB also makes this an affordable option for an affordable night out.
Delicious food. Fast service. We were the first group there so the food did take a while but he attended us nicely and the food was out of this world! Chicken tikki masala is the most tastiest dish I have had. The appetizers were amazing and the waiter was very delighted to tell us the combinations of what we could order and what the differences were between dishes. Best place for any type of group and did I mention its byob? Best place to try out for Indian food.
We were lazy about making NYE dinner reservations and a few days prior to NYE, I suggested to my fiance that we go to Touch of Spice for dinner.  We didn't call ahead and made reservations and when the day arrived, I did worry a tiny bit that maybe the restaurant would be packed.Before we decided to head over to the restaurant, I called and they said they had tables available for the two of us.  We got there around 7:30 and as always, really enjoyed our food.  We brought a bottle of wine and spent a few hours drinking and dining.  For a night that is generally super expensive for dining out (aside from Valentine's Day of course), we really had such a treat for a very reasonable amount.  There were other patrons at the restaurant and it seemed like everyone was taking their time and enjoying the holiday.
I'm starting my review upon entry.   This restaurant has a musty odor.   I have ordered and was surprised that there is no mango chutney available.  The meat samosa has an excellent crust but the filling is flavorless.  It reminds me of sloppy joes!   The chicken tikka and rice are also lacking in flavor.   A little salt goes a long way.   I'm bringing my food home to doctor it up!  Now the gulab jamun is a treat.  Served warm as it should be... Lots of syrup, though it needs a touch of rose water .  Nuts and raisins on top are unusual but welcome.  In all, I'd go through the tunnel to the city for better Indian .
Poor food, very bad service - tend to expedite deliver orders, which eat in customers are made to wait. Ordered a Tandoori chicken, sure the chicken had gone bad. Returned it, was charged for it nevertheless. Didnt have the patience to argue, so walked out. Never going back there again.
I'm obsessed! Everything was absolutely delicious. Chicken tikka masala was incredible! So was the garlic naan, vegetable samosas and chicken tandoori. All of it was perfection. Cannot wait to go again!
Lunch buffet was not bad.  Better Indian options in JSQ but for the neighborhood, it's a solid option.
A small group of us went here for the all you can eat lunch buffett.  The food was prepared and kept warm/hot compared to other all you can eat buffetts that are cold.  The food selection is limited but the overall food quality is good.  The chicken tikka masala sauce needs to be thicker but the meat was firm and tender, the naan was a bit crunchy/hard, the vegetables, rice and rice pudding dessert were all good.   Overall, the food quality is decent, served hot and the all you can eat lunch price is great.  It is worth giving it a try to form your own opinion if you are in the area but I wouldn't travel out of your way to come here.  Keep in mind the place is small and outdated but you come here for the all you can eat low price for lunch, not for the atmosphere!
I saw the $6.99 LUNCH BUFFET holiday special and I was like, ok we have to get on this.  So I dragged my friend over for lunch on a weekday.First impressions: this place is EXTREMELY DIM.  There was literally like no light in the interior, with a little bit of sunlight streaming in from the windows. I also noticed that the buffet line was right next to the cashier counter (I usually see the buffet cart as rather separate from the cashier counter).  Also, I noticed that there was no heat lamp in place, nor were there covers being used for the food to keep warm.  While the trays were lined with aluminum foil, it didn't do that much to keep the heat in.  Obviously the fresh hot stuff is hot but be careful that you're not picking at food that has been sitting out for awhile.As far as the food goes, I'd say it was pretty decent.  Maybe like 8 trays to choose from of Indian meats and curries.  I was particularly fond of the Vegetable Korma, which is basically a lot of vegetables in this orange sauce.  I could eat this all day.  The dal lentils were all right too, even a bit spicy!  There was some chana saag (chickpeas in spinach) but it looked too soaked (maybe it's too authentic for me, who knows), and the vegetable pakora was delicious - delicious greaseballs of flour and veggies.Service was all right.  The waiter was rather attentive with the water.Anyway you can't beat the $6.99 lunch buffet price (I think regular price is like $9.99?) so if you're in the area for some cheap eats, I would suggest swinging by this place.
Been here plenty of times. Their meat samosas are amazing!! Not too spicy, but they give you spicy sauces that you can dip your samosas into. I have order the chicken and fish tikka masala! Both are really good! I prefer the fish, but both are good choices. I also had the potato patties and they had so much great flavor! Overall, this is a great Indian food place at an affordable price!
The best Indian food in North Jersey, let alone the NYC area. We are here at least twice a week and it's always the same consistent excellent quality. The lamb samosas are my favorite and all their kormas are incredibly flavorful, their accompanying sauces are a must as a side dip and the garlic naan is crispy, thin, light and fresh. I've only had their buffet once and it was a delicious steal at only $8.95. The prices are so reasonable compared to other Indian / Asian places in the area with superior food. Come here to dine. You WON'T be disappointed if you know what good Indian food is supposed to taste like.
This place gets an A from me the food was  great I had the mixed grill and the chicken tikka and the dessert did not disappoint ..the service was on point !!
I'm on a Indian kick right now....can't get enough....and I love this place!Non-Veg Sampler is better then Veg but if Veg is your thing it's not bad either...The Hari Chutney is delicious! Chicken Madras is my favorite here....I can not get this at any of my local (Brunswick area) Indian restaurants?!?!? Don't know why?!?!?! Had it once at a place in North Arlington....they were good, Touch Of Spice is better. I order it spicy...heat wise (like most Indian places I've found) they cater to Western taste buds (I wish it was traditional and then I could gauge from there).The Naan is good (esp. the garlic) not sure why there are mixed reviews. Server is pleasant and attentive...according to the aristocratic lady sitting two tables away his name is James....some how I don't think that's his birth name...
The worst service I've ever received. Our entire condominium will NOT order from this place. We then tried delivery and the guy behind the phone was rude and nasty because I told him there was a fly in my food. I have a picture and witnesses. He hung up on me. I've never ordered again nor has the tenants in my building. For the out of control prices they charge the food should be insect free and just an FYI a snapple is $3.00 when it's normally $1.25 or $1.50 I could see $2.00 but! Why hurt the area. There are places in hoboken or edgewater that will deliever fresh insect free food to the blvd east Weehawken area.
I am obsessed with this place. Buffet lunches are great - I usually do take-out so it's like $12-15 for a huge plate of food to take home. And then I get delivery at least 2-3x a month. You can't go wrong with ANYTHING. I've tried a lot of the masalas, and naans, and apps, and vegetarian dishes. They're all freaking good. So just test it out and try it all.The only small negative is that it opens at 5:30 and I wish it opened earlier so I can get an earlier dinner!
The Indian food here is really terrific especially the vegetable Korma. There is and that much in the way of ambience but everyone is friendly and it has a nice local feel it's very clean and I can recommend this restaurant.
This is my local Indian restaurant, and it's pretty good. I've only eaten at the lunch buffet once, and it was alright.The selection wasn't that great, but the naan was tasty! When I eat here, it is generally takeout. The food is prompt enough, but it's never enough! The takeout comes in tiny containers, and while I enjoy the food, I hate the portions.
A sweet little gem in Weehawken/Union City border! We recently discovered Touch of Spice; an intimate neighborhood restaurant where the food is just right and service is wonderfully hospitable. The staff made great recommendations. Try Dal Tadka (ask for spicy) and Madras Chicken. BYOB! We are returning ASAP.
Went here on a Friday night, around 9. Ordered the meat samossa appetizer and for the main course, got the spinach paneer and the chicken tikka masala. All of them tasted really good. The paneer dish had a very nice roasted garlic flavor, which I really enjoyed. The chicken was a tad dry. The garlic naan was outstanding. Services was prompt and courteous.
Tried this Indian place for takeout finally after years of living in this area. We got a delivery order during dinner time of chicken tikka Marsala and mixed vegetable korma.  We also got the vegetable samosa for appetizer.  The order arrived timely and the food was still hot. We were not very pleased with the samosa, thought the the skin too thick and and too much dough.  The filling was okay though.   We liked our main course a lot.  The chicken tikka Marsala and the vegetable korma was amazing.  Very different from the Indian curry that I had before, where everything taste the same.  Also, it was not greasy at all.  Overall, we enjoyed our food and will order from them again.
Oh yum. When it's cold outside, there's nothing as cozy as a warm plate of chana masala with a side of garlic naan. The place is BYO so feel free to pair your curry with your favorite beer or wine (there's a liquor store conveniently located a block away(. Their portions are decent with prices to match. I'm partial to their vegetarian dishes (they have a few vegan friendly options on the menu too) while my husband prefers their lamb kabobs.
Best Indian Food ever. Love love love their chicken tikka masala. The sauce is not that thick like diarrhea. Lol.   Their tendoori, naan and pakora are amazing. Absolutely delicious. The waiter is very nice. Their lunch buffet is vary affordable.
We have ordered take out from here twice and have not been let down.  Solid local Indian food.  Most recently we ordered delivery on-line.  Upon ordering you are given the estimated time of delivery (it was approx 45 mins on a Thurs night), and they were later then their estimate by a mere 3 mins!  Awesome! Here is what we had:Meat samosas - you get two and they are huge and delicious.  I love the sauce they come with.  So much flavor and cooked perfectly, not too well, not soggyChicken Vindaloo - hello spicy!  so much flavor, generous on the chickenPalak paneer - One of my favorite dishes and they prepare it perfectly.  Also spicyLamb biryani - this is the first time I have ordered a biryani here.  Generous with the lamb and flavors were outstanding.  Also spicy.  This is the first time my husband had a biryani and he loved itSeriously, some of the best indian food I have had.   The portions are a good size,  and the entrees come with rice (biryani does not, obviously).  We had leftovers and ate the rest the next day.  I can't comment on ambiance and service, but the food is great.  I will likely never dine-in there as it has been burned in my head as a take-out place.  Great option for takeout.
The place is clean and cozy. However, the food was good but not the best indain I ever had, although the price was less than the average. I would recommend this restaurant if you live nearby, but I think there are better Indian restaurants if you wish to drive further... I like their website..
This was our first time here and it was less than average tasting food. We ordered Veg biryani, a garlic naan and paneer kadhai (yes all veg food). Biryani was just normal vegetable rice, naan was not at all fluffy (it was as thin as a roti) and paneer kadhai was just okay (nothing special about it). Wouldn't want to give second try.I guess good for non Indians who can't take spice but still biryani could be improved.
Passed by it a few times, but never walked in. A few days ago ordered some food for take out and it was delicious!! The food is great, the flavors are just right and they deliver!
My wife & I love this place. The lunch buffet is delicious. If you are looking to spice up your tastebuds check it out.
This is my go to for delivery when I really want great take out. It's just simply good food, Indian or otherwise. When I have dined in house I have gotten wonderful service and the same great food. I leave 1 star out because you can always do better. For the neighborhood this restaurant is top notch.
Crazy happy about this place opening up in the area! We checked out their lunch buffet on New Year's Eve and it was absolutely delicious. From the lemon tea the waitress offered as we removed our coats, to the heaps of food we consumed, everything was yummy. Daal, rice, naan, chickpeas, chicken tikka, and all your Indian faves are available for a super reasonable price and the food is fresh --which is not always the case at buffets.We also loved the simple decor with a touch of color here and there but the earth tones make the place so welcoming and warm. Staff is friendly and helpful. Can't wait to order some more favorites from their full menu soon.
The all you can eat is sub-par. In fact the Basmati rice was undercooked. If you want good Indian food, go to Hoboken!
we gave Touch of Spice a try when we first moved to the area last summer, one visit on my own, and one with my wife, both for the lunch buffet, which left us both a little underwhelmed. While it is a good deal, the selection available both visits were essentially the same, and generally just mediocre. So we filed it as a place that was good to know was there if a craving for Indian struck us, but not one that might provoke a craving (and resolved that we just may reserve our Indian fixes for when we are across the river in the city).Well tonight we decided to compile a full meal beyond a batch of Mulligatawny soup I had made a while back and frozen a couple servings of, as well as the Trader Joe's samosas and pakoras that were in our freezer as well. What that lacked were entrees, so we decided to include a couple via delivery, so we turned to Touch of Spice. So glad we did, because we were pleasantly surprised at how fantastic their regular offerings actually are. We opted for two lamb dishes, perennial favorite Rogan Josh, and Lamb Korma, and both were well above average. The Rogan Josh held its own with some of the better versions I have had anywhere, but the Korma was absolutely wonderful - deliciously tender cubes of lamb in a rich, creamy curry sauce. Only caveat is that, like pretty much every Indian restaurant beyond Curry Hill or 6th Street in NYC, you get very little for a fairly steep price ($15 for a pint container full), but it is far worse when you only get small servings, and on top of that it stinks. If it was either a few dollars less per dishes the size they deliver, or you got a little more at their current prices, this would be five stars and a place we would frequent much more often. As it is now, it is a place we definitely recommend, and one which we will certainly add to our occasional local rotation.
This place is very very good. They offer a large variety of Indian Cusine, the service is very welcoming and the server I had was very friendly ! I went late at night and it was just two tables. I love the look and feel of the restaurant. We ordered lamb and chicken and they were both equally delicious. I will go back to try the Lunch buffet which the server offered to us! How awesome is that? Touch of Spice you have a fan right here!
This place has very average food for the kind of money they charge. The guy who is typically seen running the place is pretty rude and won't talk well to you unless you are a pal or someone non-indian in appearance. This is ironic as this guy is Indian and I've spoken to him very nicely, a number of times. This is just my experience and others may not have seen this. He has never asked me for drink options, drops a bunch of glasses with water on my table and leaves. I was all okay until one day, me and a friend were eating lunch here and he just wouldn't clear our plates. We asked him, very politely, if he could please take them away. The guy says, "Your table is big, there is space on the table, so whats the urgent need to have the plates gone?". We were obviously shocked at the response so we said, and I'm quoting, "But the plates are dirty and should be taken away. We are done with them now." To this the guy says "Are you calling my food dirty?". After this we decided that there was no point arguing with the guy so we gave up, left the place immediately and never went back.You can get so much better Indian food for so much cheaper in other places without having to explain the general procedure of running a buffet place to the guy in the front. I've never gone back and never will. The food is not bad but your options are limited and for the price, I think it may not be worth it. I would recommend this place to people only and only if they are just about to drop dead if they do not get to Indian food and they are standing next to this place and are without transportation. If I had transportation, I would risk even death to get away as far as I could, from this place.This incident did not occur recently. It has been at least a couple of months since this happened so this review is not an over reaction. This guy really embarrassed us for nothing, for something for which he could have just taken the plates and left, which is his job!
I'm an Indian food junkie- I eat it at least once a week, have written various Indian recipes and have even created my own spice mixture of aromatic spices for my Thai and Indian fusion dishes. (My favorite Thai-Indian fusion dish I make is curried chicken pad Thai.) Anyway, I can never seem to find Indian restaurants in my area. And when I do, the food is lackluster or it tastes too much like grandma perfume. During a walk to the grocery store, I spotted this cute little hole-in-the-wall buffet place. I walked in and was delighted by the fragrances of cumin and the very authentic Indian decor- such as Persian rugs instead of tables and carefully embroidered pillows for seats. Then, I was delighted by the relatively cheap buffet lunch. And the food was so much better then expected. Everything had the perfect amount of spices and was bursting with flavor. This may just be my favorite restaurant in Weehawken. This place never disappoints a customer!
This was once my favorite Indian restaurant but I think they changed the chef because the food tastes different than it did 1 year ago. I have always ordered delivery or take out and it has always come in a timely manner. The inside dining area looks nice and simple. It is the only Indian food option in the Weehawken area so they have a bit of a monopoly. Otherwise, the staff always seem nice and helpful.
great service, the entrees were perfect. Try the lamb
Smaller restaurant, just opened about 2 years ago.  Good delivery times, and staff is nice in person and on the phone.  The lunch buffets are great.  Love their Aloo Gobi!
Love this restaurant :) They make great Lamb Khorma and decent Saag. I've had better naan and Chicken Tikka masala though. But I'd definitely come back for their Lamb... so tender and yummy!Service is also good compared to other Indian restaurants.
Plain and simple:not a huge fan of indian food, I have only had it 2-3 times in my life but I decided to give it a whirl because it's a few blocks away and it was PHENOMENAL.Chicken Tikka Masala = delicious.Garlic Naan= wow deliciousI will be back
Good and reasonable Indian food in Union City. Their Palak paneer is indeed delicious. Not very satisfied with the delivery both in terms of time and quantity.
Love this place. They deliver and the food is still hot.  It is very, very good Indian food as well. The keema is good and the vegetarian selection is pretty good.
Good food.Poor service.If you want a nice meal, you can come here. IThe food is delish and decor is very nice.But the service was very slow. someone led us to the table but still we had to wait for at least 5 minutes for the menu. (no water served yet) another 15 minutes to take order .... and we had to ask for some water and it took like forever to get it.And it was not busy at all. There were only 3 tables including us.
I have ordered from them 5 times so far. Their food is simply excellent. It has rich flavor and texture. I can't say enough about the variety of tastes. Bravo! I have not yet however gone in-person to have dinner there but will do so soon!
Okay food but definitely bland which is suprising for Indian food.  Stuck with several of the veggie dishes.  Poori was great but the naan was suprisingly off.Service was friendly.Next time around I will ask for the heat.
Great spot for dinner. Dine-in or Take-out. Possibly the Best Indian Food in Hudson County, NJ.That said, Some Minor notes:I had The Buffet a couple of times, and it wasn't very good at all.So don't let that be your litmus test of this place.The Regular a la carte menu is MUCH better.Atmosphere is Pretty nice. Clean, Modern, Cozy.Have had almost everything on the menu...most of it is very good.
We have Touch of Spice a try for a date night. The service is horrible. The food is good but I have had better.
They always seem to be closed when I get hungry!  They're closed for two hours during the afternoon and all day on Monday!  Inevitably, I get a craving for Indian on Mondays or at 3:30 in the afternoon.Their servings are pretty small, considering the high price.  It's actually pretty expensive to eat there now... like $15 and when I order chicken tikka masala I can count the pieces of chicken on less than two hands.  There are usually 6-8 bites of chicken.  Way too little for the price.  You're paying a dollar for every bite!  They really should put in a lot more chicken than they do.The flavor of the masala though is always very good.
I can think of nothing negative to say about this place. It's a small gem in an area of Hudson County where there's not exactly a surplus of Indian restaurants. It's cozy, inviting, and the servers are very friendly. My boyfriend and I are regulars, and one time we got there just as they were locking up. Our usual server saw us and apologized profusely, saying that if it were up to him he'd stay, but that the kitchen had already closed. As far as the food goes, I'm not a lover of lamb, so I always go with one of the chicken dishes. I don't think you can go wrong with any of them, but the Madras chicken is particularly good, as is the Chettinad, The latter is very spicy (sidenote: if the menu says something is spicy, believe it), but the black pepper flavor is delicious. They will also dial down/turn up the spice upon request. The garlic naan is also very good; it's always soft, hot, and flavorful.
This place could be so much better. The food is generally OK, but it can be inconsistent. Sometimes the Chana Masala has a different sauce, potatoes and onions added in, or is super spicy. They use a lot of prepackaged vegetables in their rice and samosas - carrot cubes, corn kernels, and shriveled peas. They are always very friendly and welcoming, but the food is just average.
After having been to countless Indian restaurants all across NY, and NJ, Touch of Spice was the first Indian restaurant that added a homely touch to their food. This is not just your standard indian cuisine by any means. They have all the classics, but if you've been there and done that, try the other dishes, they are worth the adventure. The dishes are well seasoned, flavorful, and are surprisingly not oily! The buffet is great, but a la carte is amazing. If you are Indian, ask for spicy, you can handle it.My personal faves= Kebabs, Chicken Chettinad, Chicken Biryani, Mango Lassi, and the naan is heavenly.
i LOVE touch of spice!!  Was so happy when they opening in my neighborhood as there are not too many Indian establishments.  The food is absolutely amazing, always delicious and I literally order at least once a week.  Chicken Tikka Masala and Aloo Paratha are my favs!!!!!!  Also people who work there are so nice!   I highly recommend it!!
Very tasty Indian food. Delivery is ridiculously long, though. As I write this, I have been waiting over 1.5 hour (30 minutes passed their promised delivery time and counting.) Despite the long wait, I always end up reordering because it is great food (and the only Indian restaurant nearby.) the lunch buffet is a bit blah for me.
This place is great. I've been going here since they opened.  I love the chicken saag!! It's my favorite. They are very nice and always try to accommodate. The setting is low lighting but it's very intimate and relaxing. They are closed on Mondays. Highly recommended.
I went here for the first time a few weeks ago and I absolutely loved it!!!  My husband had never had Indian food before and he can't wait to go back.It was a group of us so we had quite a variety of appetizers and dishes.  The food was so tasty and fresh.  You can tell it was made to order.  My two absolute favorites were the veggie samosas and the garlic naan.  We also had some vegetable pakoras which was delish!By the time the entrees came we were stuffed.  The portions were a great size.  The mixed grill was huge with enough to share.  Everything was excellent, from the grilled lamb, madras chicken which had the perfect spicy kick, to the vegetable dumplings and of course the tikka masala chicken, a classic!  The side sauces were also great with so much flavor.Last but not least the service was great.  A very friendly environment and its a great place for the family.  I will definitely be going back.
I placed an order for delivery.  The food came in half hour and was great.  I will definitely dine out or order from here again!
Went there at 9pm on a Friday and was a little worried that there weren't a lot of diners (usually not a good sign for one of the busiest nights for a restaurant).  More people arrived and a lot more were coming in for take out.  We ordered mix veg korma, chana palak, garlic naan, tandoori roti, and mango lassi.   The lassi is very filling, so try not to drink it all before the meal comes.  Everything was very tasty, although I had a different idea of what a roti was.  The waiters were good, and patient when explaining the dishes. The decor is cute and cozy.  I would not hesitate to take guests there.  I'm looking forward to trying their meat dishes.
Had the tandoori chicken, which was very good. Not too spicy. Also had the chicken curry dish which was good also. Had several breads, the paneer naan, poori and regular naan which tasted great. Will frequent this place from now on. It's pretty nice inside, quiet and intimate. Staff was great. I also had the mango lassi, which was excellent. What a great drink. Will update with other dishes I've tried.
I first went to Touch of Spice a couple days after they opened.  Had been driving down Park in a rain storm and saw it when we stopped for a red light.We had gone for their inexpensive lunch buffet.  The food was plentiful and delicious, but the temperature was not hot.A couple weeks later, we ordered delivery from their menu.  What we received for nearly $40 was 2 dishes and some naan.  The portions were so small, we felt as if we had gotten screwed.  We were still hungry and ended up making some chicken breast we had in the house to fill the void.I thought this week about going to dinner there, but then remembered that the buffet is only for lunch and the dinner is so expensive, we might as well go to another restaurant and for slightly less money, have nearly twice as much food.
And so I went back!We liked this place so much we decided to introduce this place to a few friends. The food was just as good as the first time. We ordered a few new things which turned out to be a tasty choice. My only critique would be that the restaurant should offer larger portions. They are very generous with the rice but offer only a few pieces of meat...During this visit to Touch of Spice we were able to meet the owner. He told us a little about himself and how this restaurant came to life. Not often do you get to speak to a restaurant's owner so that was a nice touch. I still think this is an amazing restaurant and I wish them the best of luck. I so look forward to dining there again...just writing about them makes me want to go back!
I order from here at least once a week. Eaten at hundreds of Indian resaurants and this is one of the best one's on the east coast. The Peshwari Naan is one of the best specialty Naan's to be had. The Chicken Tikka Masala is a great balance between spice and flavor. The chicken and shrimp are always high quality. The liquor store a few doors down is also an excellent spot.
the gentleman, who takes the order over the phone, needs a serious training in customer service.there are other options, likely better, in the area.
This is the first Indian spot I've ever tried...I love the veggie samosas, naan bread, and mango lassi.  My friend introduced me to this place and she's lucky because she lives right upstairs from this place!  Good prices too.
What can I say about this place that fan's have not said already.  I have been eating here ever since it first opened up. I eat here every week for dinner.  Always greeted by James the waiter with Hello Sir.  The music, the lighting & the whole vibe are very relaxing.  I love the Samosa's, the chana palak, Tandoori Shrimp & chicken. The chicken saag is also very tasty.  It's BYOB, so that makes it a real recession buster.
Had dinner last night there.  They are no longer offering the dinner buffet which they had in January.  My boyfriend and I had the non veg sampler which was delicious.  I had the chicken tikka masala and he had the chicken madras.  We ordered naan and the waiter suggested the garlic naan and it was delicious!  The garlic flavor was strong but not overpowering.  The waiters were very helpful and inviting and the music and decor was relaxing.Overall a wonderful experience!
Tasty Northern and Southern Indian dishes served by a friendly staff. It is nice to find a restaurant like this in Union City! Street parking can be tough and may require some creativity.
Delicious and inexpensive! This is one of the only Indian restaurants in Hudson County. The food, ambiance and service were excellent! I had the garlic naan, chicken tikka masala and shared a few other plates with some family as well. All in all, we got 4 plates and 2 orders of naan - 2 types of desert and a mango lassi - the bill came out to around $65 total. (for 4 people!!) BYOB is the best part. HIGHLY recommend this place - manager was wonderful - he even gave me the web site for the wall decals he had on the beautiful walls.
Very nice restaurant, the lunch buffet is especially good value, the kheer is available upon request. Only wish they had more selections though. And more dessert.
This is a small place and it seems that takeout is the best option.  I've ordered from here at least 2 dozen times.  The food is very good.  It's not the best indian food i've ever had, but for a neighborhood place it is solid.  Their samosas, however, are possibly some of the best I've had and now it's hard to place order without requesting them.  I've sampled many of the vegetarian dishes, a few chicken, and a few lamb dishes.  I haven't ordered anything here that I wouldn't order again.  The staff seems nice as well.  So glad this place exists in Weehawken.
Food here is good, we usually have our food delivered but we have also tried the buffet at the restaurant. My husband being a spice lover was very happy with his meal. Nice to have Indian food in our area.
I love Indian and every once in a while I need my fix when I go to look without. This place fits the bill. I agree the portions are small but Indian food is meant to be expensive. I would suggest for all to try this place out.
I have been eating here since they first opened up.  The food is DELICIOUS, not oily like in a lot of other restaurants.  The restaurant is clean and James, the head waiter is a gem.  Keep up the good work!
I was not 100% into Indian food because it usually is greasy and spicy, after I tried this place. The food is so delicious! fresh, not greasy at all and they prepare it immediately after they receive your order. Quality Indian Food! I will definetely go back again. The owner and the waiters are very kind and friendly, they always ask the customers if everything was fine or if they like the food. Definetely their goal is customer's satisfaction and they actually prove it with the food and service they provide. If you never tried Indian food and want to try go to Touch of Spice and you will go back again! 100% guaranteed!
My go to lunch spot even though I had a hair in my food the last time I went.
Food was delicious! Quick service and many great choices! Highly recommended!!
Started going to Touch of Spice a year and a half ago, and after one visit knew I'd be a regular! As a child, my best friend's family was from India and would always cook for us. I was delighted that upon opening the menu at Touch of Spice, they had so many of my favorite, authentic dishes. The food was so good that I've actually branched out from my traditional favorites and been delighted with all the new flavorful discoveries!!!My boyfriend and I have done take out (the staff are sweethearts and let me order 3 minutes to close), eaten in (you can bring your own wine and there is no fee for that!), and had delivery (timely as can be and free for orders over $15). Staff remember us from our monthly visits, always greet us with a smile, and give us the best service (as a waitress, I know the value of this). The prices are great, so that it isn't a worry to my wallet to go out and enjoy delicious cuisine.If you are looking to try something new or are a long time lover of Indian food, head on over - you'll be glad you did :D !
This is one of the few Indian restaurants that really serves very authentic Indian food. Definitely one of the best in the area that caters to the people who have occasional cravings for a flavored spicy food. The atmosphere is great and the place has a nice decor with friendly staff! Will defintely go there once every week!
This place is a gem on Park Avenue!  We had dinner here last Friday night for my father-in-law's birthday and it was amazing!  At first, the portions appear to be small b/c of the style of the dishes they come in, but after taking a few servings, I realized there is more quantity than it appears.  We were a hungry bunch yet only ordered a few dishes for our group, and we still had a lot of leftovers.  The chicken vindaloo was really good - very tender/flavorful cooking.  We also ordered the chicken manchurian which I have to admit was not that good, but I'm not the biggest fan of Indo manchurian food anyway.  The service was superb, the atmoshere is very warm and cozy.  And the waitress - by far the NICEST waitress I experienced in my whole life!  Extremely classy place, lots of professionalism in the staff.
This place really hits the spot!My wife and I love indian food,  but hate the typical super greasy stuff available at restaurants in the area. When we saw this place we had to give it a shot, and what a pleasant surprise.We had the lunch buffet, which was mostly vegetarian with a couple of chicken dishes. Everything was great, especially the vegetarian dishes. The food had a nice flavor (not too spicy), and was not greasy (thank god).We plan on returning for dinner to try the vindaloo. It's BYOB too, so we plan on taking advantage of that with some Kingfisher.
For lunch buffet, it has 3 meat options (tendori chicken, curry chicken, and lamb). The spinach cheese is good. Although everything is very "american" indian. If you don't care about authenticity of Indian food, it is a place to go for quantity.
Food is just OK-- satisfies my craving for Indian food, and glad to have a local place that is decent but don't go expecting really great Indian food.  Twice food was served only somewhat warm and the wait staff tries hard.  Would like if delivery came faster (waited 40 min) but at least order was accurate.  They did a good job renovating and decorating the space.
I was over at a friend's house and we ordered Touch of Spice for delivery - wowie wowie wow wow!  This place could blow many NY spots out of the water.  We shared chicken tikka masala, a delicious spinach and chickpea dish, yummy rice with veggies and naan.  The chicken tasted fresh, sauce had a definite kick to it and the spinach/chickpea had some heat as well.  I love spicy food and was totally satisfied.  Fairly quick delivery and everything came piping hot.  I hear the kitchen closes at 10PM, so keep that in mind when ordering late night.
Relatively new place. Great food. Lunch buffet is great. Only $ 10 or so including salad and desert! Considering a meal at subways can be $6-7 u can't go wrong.  Food is flavorful but not too spicy. Service usually on point.
Just want to join my fellow Weehawken / Union City-ites in welcoming Touch of Spice.  We went for the buffet and all the food was tasty, without excessive spice, and seemed very fresh. All the personnel was welcoming and solicitous.  They've plotted their opening with obvious care, offering such a generously priced buffet for the curious,  and I'm happily hooked for their switch to a la carte.  I love the rice pudding!!
Excellent curry - we usually end up getting the same things, the chicken tikka masala and the chana palak, but the seasoning is great, not overwhelming. And the vegetarian samosa is nicely packed, great with the sauce.
If you know your Indian food, this place will be really disappointing.  Kinara in Edgewater is definitely a better quality restaurant with more authentics flavors and a far superior chef.  Touch of Spice is quicker delivery.
We ordered here and got the Indo Chinese, hakka noodles and vegetable muncharian. I have to say I was highly disappointed. It was not at all authentic and agree that there other places who make it better. Having said that, the owner was receptive to this criticism and I hope it has improved since. Willing to give it another shot for the regular Indian food.
It's nice to have a good indian place in the neighborhood. I consider myself a picky and non-adventurous eater and I like it. I've only eaten the lunch buffet for take-out so my review is based on that, I'm not sure how they're eat-in food is but if their cheap lunch buffet tastes good then I imagine the rest must be even better. I'm a sucker for the yellow dal (the brown is okay too).
I've been to Touch of Spice twice now.  Once for the dinner buffet (they no longer offer this) and once for dinner ala carte.  I've enjoyed both of my experiences here and definitely agree that this restaurant is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood.  I love buffets for the variety, but I was not disappointed at all when ordering ala carte.  Off of the menu I've tried Chicken Tikka Masala, Vegetable Korma, Raita, Naan and Poori.  The Tikka Masala was delicious and Poori is officially my new favorite find.  It's a whole wheat puffed bread, basically deep fried, and it's wonderful.  By my calculations, compared to the buffet price, my boyfriend and I only spent about $6 more ordering off of the menu AND had a meals worth of food to take home.  I'll definitely be returning to this restaurant very soon and am excited to try some new dishes.  And remember, Touch of Spice is BYOB, so don't forget to bring your favorite alcoholic beverage to round out your meal.
So happy this Indian place has opened in the neighborhood. Monday is our usual night out and we were sad to find they are closed on Monday so we gave it a try tonight. Everything was so fresh . . . lots of flavor without being too spicy. We got the buffet but also grabbed the take-out menu so we can order it for delivery when the mood hits. The chana masala (spicy chick peas) and palak paneer (spinach and cheese) were especially delicious. The restaurant opened less than a month ago but they had a pretty strong crowd (and it was only a Wed). The server was gracious (though she was a little slow with the check and didn't refill my water). It's BYOB since they don't have a liquor license. I've been to both previous restaurants that were in this space and the atmosphere couldn't be more different - the decor is very warm with contrasting color and a soothing stencil design on the windows and walls and the music adds to the environment (though I'm not sure the music videos on the flat panel tv were necessary). We are planning to be regular customers and are happy to not have to trek to Jersey City or Hoboken when we want good Indian food.
