I live in New Jersey and always try to visit Jackson Heights/Queens (for food, the atmosphere, ect..) and for the past three times I've made the trip (of over an hour), I always find myself having dinner here. From the momo's  (dumplings), to the chicken shapta and chowmein-- the food is beyond belief. If you don't take a stop here, you are losing out. Everything from the service/food to the live music on weekends makes this place a hit that should not be missed.
Great selection of Tibetan, Himalayan and Nepalese cuisines. Located in a nondescript storefront in Jackson Heights (about a 5 min walk from the 7 Train), Yak has lots of hearty and spicy options for both the novice or the advanced class. I especially love the beef tongue and any of their curries. Even though there are a surprisingly high number of similar places in the area, Yak stands out
I really loved this place. I went solo on a Saturday night for a late night dinner, the atmosphere was so positive and uplifting. Everyone was enjoying time together, dancing etc. They had a live band. I ordered a pomegranate drink, a stranger bought me another. I ordered an appetizer, as pictured. The first bite was very spicy, I think the drink kicked in and allowed me to finish the whole plate, without a problem. Very affordable and great food.
No kidding you can expect Indian flavors in here. No surprise that the foods flavor quite amazing as it used to be a few years ago. Thinking about time passing with your friends or family, the restaurant has all you covered. I usually like their own fusion cocktail that will remind you glimpses of drinking local. If you are the fan of beer thing, go for buckets. My personal fav has been chicken drumsticks. My family likes chips chilly. Don't forget to try Tofu Chilly. They serve juicy and spicy as all time mouth watering!
Had the chicken thali and a plate of chicken momos. The thali had great accompaniments at the side, but the sampler dishes themselves were below average.Thali- two tea spoons of unidentifiable vegetable gravy, boiled lentil with ghee which was good, it had two inch long pieces of bony chicken (if you've ever had to struggle with finding meat in the rib portion of the chicken, you'll know what I mean) The momo shell was too thick for my liking. Although they were freshly made, there was a certain smell in the meat that I associate with old meat and am really not fond of.There was a similar smell in the chicken gravy, guessing something's up with their meat.Have visited here before and I'd say it used to be better, but lately this place isn't up to the mark.I would avoid it and try out other places around instead.
One of the exciting parts of visiting New York City is the opportunity to try cuisines that are not often found in most cities. Himalayan Yak is one of these restaurants serving the Nepalese community in Jackson Heights. Their large and richly decorated restaurant is located very close to the subway station and easily recognized by the elaborate door.I chose to sample the traditional thantuk noodle soup and yak dumplings. The noodle soup with beef was very delicious with a great broth and hearty noodles and was almost too much to eat. The yak dumplings were intriguing. I never had yak before, but the spices mixed with the meat helped accentuate the natural sweet and gamey meat. Frying the dumplings added extra fat to counter the naturally lean meat. I do not know what the sauces were, but they were delicious and added that extra punch to each momo dumpling.This place probably does a lot of delivery and take out for the neighborhood, but it is worth a visit for the interesting decor and authentic serving items that make it extra special.
This place is AWESOME.I came here twice two years ago, and I was disappointed at all. I first learnt of Tibetan food because there was a restaurant in the East Village called Tsampa, which closed down. There's also a Himalayan restaurant on 1st Street that looked like a hole in the wall that I skipped over. Then I checked Yelp and found this place. If you are lurking now, go here. I've been lured by fellow Yelpers and stand to testify that this is good.The only thing I knew out of Tibetan food was the momo, which is the steamed or fried dumpling that's becoming popular as a wave of Tibetan/Nepalese restaurants hit the area (Jackson Heights). On both visits, I ordered that. I've also had the sliced pork for an appetizer, just out of curiosity. Far from disappointing. Both items were packed with flavor. The sliced pork pleasantly reminded me of bacon. Mmmmm.Because I am a fan of very spicy food, I was lured by the shaptak chili (stir fried beef) so much the first time that I had to order it again the second time. It came with a bowl of rice, although you may also request thingmo (which resembles a little like a mantou). My fellow food tourist/partner-in-crime Crystal ordered thukpa, I think. But I think I converted her. She really liked Tibetan food, especially because it has bread (...).Most of the menu items are south of $10, which is pleasantly affordable for those seeking a food adventure. Definitely try the Tibetan tea, which is made with butter and is subtly sweet. It would remind you a little like a milk tea without all the sugar, but heavier. The Tibetan tea is best consumed during a colder day. After all, much of Tibet is in a colder climate, so you're best eating this when the thermometer is plunging.
We wanted to try something different for lunch. We've never had Himalayan so we decided to give it a try. The restaurant is located near the train station, making it a convenient place to dine at. We started off with a large hot sake. We were impressed how much they gave for $21 (was a small teapot). The vegetarian momo was okay (a meat momo, I think, would have tasted better). For our entrees:1) Gundruk Ko Tarkari (supposed to be a typical Nepali curry, spice dried fermented, dehydrated vegetable and potato served with rice). We ordered a Nepali bread (bhakleb) which was fluffy, yet dense. It was perfect to dip into the curry. Overall was good but it tasted like most of the flavor came from spices2) Gyathuk beef (beef noodle soup) - husband said it was really goodThere were only a few other tables when we went there on a Saturday afternoon so the service was pretty good. The meal was on the heavier side and while we enjoyed trying something different, I think we fulfilled our Himalayan fix/curiosity.
Delicious foood! I went there with a friend of mine for a quick bite  but ended up order some heavy mela! We shared the Aloo Dum (Forgot the Nepalese name) and The Beef fried rice, those are delicious! But our server didn't seem to be knowledgeable about the menu, maybe we had a language barrier. I ordered a Cosmopolitan but it tasted like only Vodka! I could barely taste any cranberry and lime juice in it. My server didn't come to check how our food or drinks were tasting after we got the food on the table, I informed him that I didn't like the drink (only took a sip) and got a beer instead. They charged me for the Cosmo anyway. I went to this place 3months ago and I was impressed by the quality of the food and service. But I'm very frustrated about the service this time and left the server with $1 tip on a $30 Bill to show them how disappointed and frustrated I was.
Everything was great but the Chicken Sizzler. It was too bland and overcooked. Besides that everything was AMAZING!!!Best Chow mein I've ever had! Your local Chinese take out place can't even make it like this. Vegetable Chow mein was amazing! We got it extra spicy, so it was more saucy. It wasn't that spicy though, just more "flavor." So I'd ask for extra spicy on their chowmein.Chicken Chow mein was great. Didn't ask for extra spicy, so there was less sauce. There wasn't too much chicken in it, but it was still amazing. Maybe ask for more spice/ sauce next time. The paneer chili was great! Garlic nan was amazing!Vegetable momo was great! It has a really flavorful stuffing. It has a distinct ginger taste.The 3 sauces at the table really compliment the chowmein and momo.AND AMAZING SERVICE!!! and live music! YAY!
First time trying Himalayan food and this place was pretty good , definitely will go back to try some new things on their menu
I desperately wanted to give a higher rating but the food was so bad I couldnt.we ordered 2 beef momo a/veg sirfry.we waited over 30 mins for our momo so we assumed it would come out piping hot..  fresh off the stove.  but no.  it was lukewarm. we told them such and the staff apologized and took it back.  we assumed we'd have to wait another 20+ mins for fresh momo.  Nope.  we waited another 3 mins and they gave us back the SAME 2 plates a bit warmer.  as tho they just put them in the microwave and sent it back.  1/2 of joy of eating momo is the heat and the soup.  Neither was there.  the veg stirfry was OK.  nothing fancy.
Came here with a pretty large group on a Friday night and were seated instantly! I've never had Yak before so of course I had to try it! Unfortunately I found the yak to be overcooked, way too chewy and rubbery to be enjoyable. I almost choked on one piece because I couldn't chew it down (after attempting to for minutes!). Although the yak was a huge disappointment, the momos (dumplings) were delicious as well as the naan and chicken curry. I guess it just depends what you order here!
I ordered vegetable momo(dumplings) at 7:21 PM on Tuesday night.There were 13 people seated. Meaning the restaurant was not crowded for dinner time.I was warned that it would take some time for my order, but not informed it meant more than 20 minutes for 8 dumplings. Really? Unbelievable.These 8 vegetable dumplings supposedly made from scratch were plain and flavorless. This bad decision make and waste of both time and money was to earn miles.Yes, I stopped by here to earn AA advantage dining promotion.I thought it's better than just buying miles, but was totally wrong.None of restaurants in the program are worth time and money so far.If it wasn't for promotional 500 miles, I would have never come to this place. Never.
Good food, fast service and the Cherry on top.. live music on weekends.. a must visit place in Jackson heights.
Delicious meal.   The waiter was extremely helpful in giving suggestions on what to order and explaining the dishes.    Loved it!
Don't bother with this place for delivery. You'll get your order 2 hrs later than planned, it will be cold and the staff won't even apologize for the wait. Other than that, the food is fine. Spicy Tibet is way more tasty though.
Only been here twice. I love their chicken and beef momos and I love that we can do half and half. We did fried beef and steamed chicken omg so good. I love the 3 sauces they bring out to mix and match. I love it! I've had their soups a coup of times and my bf tried the yak once. It was gamey but really good. I've really like their flat noodle in the soups. When you enter it's like you've arrived in a different country ish. Their cups and dishware are so cool! I wanted to take the cup home. One time we ordered the wrong drink and they were kind enough to switch it. I think it was the Tibetan butter tea but I wanted was the Nepali chai. They kinda tasted the same. They even have cool after meal mouth fresheners maker of fennel and some other stuffs they said but I forgot. It's neat the door on your way out.
I'd say Himalayan Yak is decent Tibetan cuisine. I think the regular noodle dishes etc. but their momos are the best compared to other in the neighborhood. What it does have is space. There is plenty of rooms for table in a dimly lit environment. It is still a poplar dinner spot.
Very nice and clean restaurant.The atmosphere is great and it smells so good in here. The menu is big. The food is awesome. Loved it! The toilet is very clean. They even have antibacterial wipes for you in the toilet to wipe the seat. Never seen that anywhere before. I'm super impressed.Will definitely come back here again.
Food was great! We ordered Goat Thali, beef chili & chicken Lollipop. My bf loved it & we are going to order again soon.
I may have been burnt by a chili on my tongue, but I think the sauteed beef tongue definitely made up for it (oddly enough).Radford's UYE was an awesome event, and the live band was pretty cool. But let's get down to what I actually ate:-  Bocha (Tibetan butter tea) - the most interesting thing I ever tasted. If you take a sip, first it'll taste like milk tea.... then it'll taste like soup. After that, you'll be very confused with an odd look on your face.- Bhatmas ra Chiura (soybeans with beaten rice) - crunchy- Cheura Tareko (rice, peanuts, potato chips) - this was a very interesting appetizer, but I think this was the dish that burnt me (bad chili! evil chili!). - Beef Sukuti (spiced dried beef) - this was way too tough for me. I was the jerkiest dried beef I've ever ate that was not expired.- Sadeko Bandel (roasted boar) - this was nice and fatty. I like fatty food. Like smoky bacon. Mmm. Bacon.- Fried Sha Momo (pork) - deliciously juicy, tasted like Northern Chinese dumplings. (thick wrapping, huge dumpling)- Fried Tsel Momo - veggies dumplings. weren't that great.- Thenthuk (beef and pulled pasta) - this noodle soup was one of the best. The pulled pasta was fresh, the soup was warm with a hint of flavor. I wish I had more.- Chaley (beef tongue) - This was the best beef tongue I've ever had (but it could be that my mom only ever boiled it). It was smooth and not too chewy. It did started toughening up when it starts to get cold though. Eat fresh! Oh, and it comes with yummy poofy bread.- Thali (chicken, dal, saag, curry, papadam, pickles, yogurt, and rice) - Thali with meat! How interesting. I like the chicken and the curry the best, definitely mixing it with rice. the saag was a bit weird on the bitter end.- Palak Paneer - good palak paneer (spinach and cheese). Creamy and goes great with naan.- Spicy Lamb Curry - not too spicy and a little creamy. nothing memorable.If there's anything I learned, it's that yak butter tea tastes awesome when your tongue is on fire.
Drove all the way from Brooklyn to this this location. Absolutely love the lollipop chicken and Chicken Tikka Masala. Although the service behind the bar was not so friendly but the food makes up for all of it. Will be back.
Love the chicken lollypop and chicken tikka masala，servers are very friendly, will definitely go back again and again!
This is most probably the fanciest Nepalese restaurant in New York. The food is decent had thali, momo and beef sukuti, all were delicious. I would love to go there sometime just to listen Phiroj Shyangden sing. Moreover, this is a perfect place to private events and parties. Service can be little slow but I wouldn't even complain about it cause the food is totally worth your time. Keep it up guys
The food is extremely salty. Don't waste your time because they will not refund any of your money if you try to return their food uneaten. We ordered three dishes, two of which we returned. We had not taken two bites out of the dishes that we wanted to return. And we were told that we would have to pay for one of the dishes we returned because they had already prepared it. So regardless of whether you eat the food or not you're going to pay for it. Don't waste your time don't waste your money. The taste is horrible. The service is even worse. The waitress would not let us say one word. We could not speak to the manager because we were told she was too busy. And worst of all at the end they double charged us and tried to blame it on the machine. It was very evident that these people are shysters.  Take my advice stay the hell away.
Love the buffet on the weekends! They have a pretty good variety of things like curry goat, veggies, chicken chili and such. They change it up every time, omg the butter tea is to die for!! The best I have tried, it is more sweet rather than salty compared to other places. Oh, and their rice pudding desert is delicious!!
Came here for lunch -- got the goat thali and it was pretty good -- the lentils were a little bland, and one of the veggies slightly over-salted, but the meat and rice and rice pudding were delicious. The portion was massive, the sauces were great. We also had the momo, which were  some of the best dumplings I've had in a while. This place was great! The staff is friendly, location is great, and a very Nepalese atmosphere. I dig it!
I took my parents there while they were visiting the city- my mom wanted some genuine Indian/Tibetan food, so I figured no better place than Jackson Heights! My mom is an adventurous eater, but my stepdad is more of a "burgers & fries" type, so I wasn't sure what he would think. Everything we had was delicious! My stepdad, to my surprise, ordered the grilled yak and enjoyed it. My mom got a buttery lentil dish she loved, and I got the chicken thali- chicken and rice, lentils and an array of different flavored sauces ranging from medium spicy to very spicy. We shared fried momos (my first momo experience since moving to Queens) and they were a hit all around. My mom comes from a Russian-Polish background and my mom said the momos reminded her of klusky noodles- a thick Polish noodle with meat. The service was fast and polite and the prices were cheap. It was lunchtime on a rainy Tuesday and we pretty much had the place to ourselves. I will definitely be back, Himalayan Yak!
I finally tried Himalayan Yak when I purchased a Groupon and boy was I lucky for this impulse buy.  Service is so warm, kind of like going to your friend's house for dinner.  The menu is extensive.  They have Nepalese, Tibetan, and Indian dishes.  Other than Indian, I am fairly unfamiliar with these types of food so everything looked so exotic and exciting.  We tried this Bhutanese dish with onions, chili peppers, and American cheese.  So different from what I'm used to.  And the pickled shrimp had a flavor that I was so unaccustomed to but found myself craving days later.  Overall, we had a lovely evening and would return again.
This place was amazing! I tried them from a groupon but will definitely be going back. The atmosphere is wonderful.  Calm, nicely decorated, clean.  The wait staff are wonderful!!!! I can't say that enough.   The our servers were quick to make recommendations but never pressured us or made us feel rushed.  One of our servers was Aastha & she had a partner and we were there May 25 @ 8:16. Since we had a $60 groupon we got a bunch of stuff. * Samaybajee (chicken) - sampler of a few of their appetizers. It was really good! $9* Sandeko Bandel - roast wild boar - amazing!!! It tastes like bacon! $6* Yak MOMO steamed - steamed dumplings with yak meat. Pretty yummy! I think I want to try it with beef but dumplings were definitely to try - $14* Khasi Ko Masu w Gravy - Nepali goat curry - it's different than Indian curry.  Less creamy but probably one of my favorite dishes.  $10* Tsel Shoko Ngapa with Tingmo - a potato vegetable dish. It was good.  The Tingmo was a spongy bread.  Sooooooo good! $9* Garlic Nan - this is the only thing I've had other places.  It was really great! $2.50 eachFor dessert* Bhartsa Markhu - a cheesy pasta with sweet. It tasted sort if like Mac & cheese I don't think ill order again - $4* Gulab Jamun - cheese balls in a sweet liquid.  These were soooo good. Not like cheese cheese but they were almost bread like.  I don't know how to describe. But yummy yummy yummy.  $3The servings are not crazy sizes so if you're wanting normal quality portions this place is it.   For the price and the flavor you can't beat it. This place is steps away from the Jackson heights/Roosevelt subway stop.
The food, service, and ambiance were really great. Our meal was particularly appropriate for the cold night we went on. We had the Himalayan soup, fried momos, paneer, and chowmein. Everything was really delicious but the chowmein was just average. The staff were very helpful and attentive. We'll definitely be back.
A slew of bad puns were exchanged in rapid succession when crossing the street to this restaurant along with fellow yelpers last night. I won't share any of them but to those reading this, you know who you are and what was said. To those who weren't, use your imaginations.Like explorers scaling Mount Everest, our party navigated through the confusing numbering scheme of Jackson Heights, Queens and landed at Himalayan Yak restaurant by way of a parking lot and Korean grocery store. Swinging the sturdy door open I recalled Marion Ravenwood's bar in "Raiders of the Lost Ark", located in Nepal, and the outdoor dropping outdoor temperature was appropriate.Inside, a sanctuary of warmth, life and a cuisine I'd never sampled before in eating explorations.At 5:30 the restaurant was fairly empty and dishes were delivered in rapid succession. By 6:30 the restaurant was packed and our second order took much longer to arrive. If we had stayed until 9 we would have heard live music which apparently occurs 5 days a week. A yelp check-in offer of a free rum was a great way to start the evening. This was not the kind of rum to devour in seconds but rather savor and let the burn warm the body slowly and methodically like polonium poisoning.Drinks under control, I studied the menu, conveniently broken into Nepali, Tibetan, Indian and Himalayan exotic food sections. Note to future yak eaters: check if yak is in season and available before coming here. One note of disappointment was struck when we discovered that yak was not available.Disappointed but not discouraged, I eagerly awaited our plates as we started with samayabajee, a nepali snack platter consisting of fried soybeans and chillis, beaten rice (What did this rice do to deserve such a beating?) and sauteed  internal organs of a goat. There was a well deserved spice icon of two peppers for this dish as I continued feeling the heat for awhile. Be aware that portions were in general small so if having a family style meal, be ready to order lots of plates.From the nepali kitchen, one standout I clearly recall was the Khasi ko masu or goat curry. It was the quality of the goat meat that was noteworthy, a case where fat and sinew was at a minimum. No fiery heat here either and a fine curry for dipping Tingmo into. (Tibetan steamed bread).There were other dishes as well, including the notorious momo dumplings. Clearly I'd be a mofo if I didn't try the momo. It appears that our table did not receive the various dipping sauces and accompaniments others did so I cannot attest to a proper momo experience. The  beef momo was acceptable but not a life altering bundle of joy. I will have to try again.Now for the most mind altering moment of the night: Bhakcha Markhu!As someone who has enjoyed many a plate of pasta, many a bowl of mac and cheese, many a noodle soup, imagine the intrigue and excitement I felt when reading the dessert list to discover this dish of hand made pasta, sugar, butter & grated cheese.Pasta, for dessert! Cultural worlds collided, the Buddha behind me smiled and I grabbed my fork and dug in to the bowl.A small bowl where the flavor of sugar is present, surprising and most definitely works. Dessert as comfort food that shatters my preconceived notions is one I especially like.Apparently a lunch time buffet is available which I will have to experience, along with the yak present in the restaurant's name. Prices aren't that bad at all, with most entrees under $15.
Jocy Grouponed it.We Yak Momo-ed it.The deal is Himalayan good, go get it if its still available.The buckwheat dough will unsuspectingly fill you up, you have been warned.Chowmein is a pass, should have known that.
I'm new to the neighborhood and new to Nepali food, and Himalayan Yak was a great introduction. My friend and I had the yak momos (VERY delicious!), and I had the goat thali, which is a great way to sample a variety of things. The goat itself was tasty and flavorful, and fall-off-the-bone tender. But the best part of the experience was our friendly server, who was super helpful navigating the menu and got very excited when we ordered things that she knew would be tasty. A fun experience all the way around.
Wait a minute, I just saw a photo of someone with a large bowl of tea. Oh thank you for overcharging us for a small cup of tea while you give full pots to whoever else that was there. I am quite tempted to lower this to a 1.Edit: Manager contacted me stating that this does not happen usually. I'll upgrade this back to a 3 due to this.Not cheap, not excellent. Kinda disappointed. I have had this type of food twice before and previously the portions were much bigger and it was less pricy.Appetizers:Me Chiura Tareko Beaten rice fried with soya beans, potato chips and spices  $ 3.95Well more it was beaten rice rather than beaten rice with the other stuff. Why'd I pay 4 bucks for something that can generally be found on Thali plates for free. No flavor outside of the hot dried pepers.Him Nepal Salad Slices of carrot, cucumber, tomato, lime and red onion. $ 4.95Good flavors, but pricy for the size.Mains:Me Phaparko DhendoHimalayan combination platter comes with buckwheat flour doug, yogurt sauce, crushed radish pickle, house special vegetables and choice of chicken or goat curry with butter on side. $12.95The doug was interesting, reminded me of a fermented naan but with the texture of cookie dough (take that texture statement as you wish.) The portion of it was good while the pickes/vegetables were fine as well. 3 small pieces of meat in the goat curry is not nice however. Swam in oil but I guess it was good for dipping.Her: Daal Bhat Tarkari (Thali)Traditional Nepali combination platter served with rice, daal (lentil soup), two kinds of vegetables,papad, aachar (pickle) and house special dessert. with (C) 11.95Chicken was good but the protion was quite small, daal was good..but the poriton was small. Reminded me of the thais from Indian places but with worse flavoers.Sho-go Khatsa(Aloo Dum)Boiled sliced potato sautéed with chili sauce, turmeric sprinkled with cilantro served with Bhaley. $ 8.95Portion was quite small but the flavor was the best. I'd order this again potentially.Drink: Bodcha: 5.95Yum, I knew I liked this and I still liked this here. I didn't like paying 6 bucks for a small cup but oh well when other places charge 10-12 for a pot but oh well (aka $3-4 a cup.) Wait a minute....................House Red: $5.95Was the norm.Service: The guy was nicer than the woman who took the order. It took a good while for the food to be brought out.2.8 in terms of flavors. I'll keep it at 3 as per the top.
I am not expert, or even really that familiar with Himalayan/Tibetan/Bhutanese cuisines so I cannot really attest to the authenticity. Based on how weird some of the dishes were to me, I take that as a sign of authenticity. Also, the meals seem healthier and with less processed ingredients than you would find at many Asian restaurants. First off, the steamed buns (Tingmo) are hugemongous!!!! Bigger than softballs! I ordered extra thinking they were the smaller ones you get at Chinese places. They were amazingly good hot fresh and dipped in everything. Vegetable Fried Tse-Momo  - Really tasty vegetarian dumplings. Shaped like soup dumplings but they have no liquid. Vegetable Thenthuk  - Traditional Tibetan hand pulled flat noodle in a soup. The noodles were flavorful and the whole concoction honestly tasted like a soupy vegetable pot pie to me!  Definitely savory and hearty. Laphing - I really should have asked someone for a recommendation rather than ordering something authentic sounding randomly off the menu. It's described as"Sliced Mung bean jelly mixed with garlic and sichuan peppers pepper in a house special chilly & soy sauce." The sauce was really spicy and yummy but I could get myself to eat the cold rectangles of mung bean jello. I went a little tooo exotic on this one. Kheer - Pretty standard but relatively tasty rice pudding.
I have always loved the array of Nepalese and Tibetan food they serve here and I am Nepalese.Appetizers I love are: chicken lollipop, choila, sekuwa, goat bhutan, bhatmas, chicken chillyEntrees: Pan-fried chicken/pork Momos(dumplings), Thali( diff veg/non veg combo), Chowmein(except pork), Khasi ko masu(goat curry), Thenthuk(noodle soup)
Food are not so good. Loud and same music.Old manager is back. I Hope it will get better..:)
Yakety yak.  Don't talk back.Special thanks to Stella D (yelp.com/user_details?us…) for organizing an awesome dinner.Bf and I normally get takeout from here... but never ever knew that there was a 2nd floor.  A group of us went on a Saturday night - and did you know that they have a live Jazz band?  I felt like I went around the world and back with Himalayan music to Beatles music.  Woot!Below is what we ordered:1) Chicken Lollipop - yelp.com/biz_photos/3C6c…2) Oxtail Soup - boiled oxtail with taro root plain soupyelp.com/biz_photos/3C6c…Bread (goes with soup) - yelp.com/biz_photos/3C6c…3) Yak Momos (not on menu)yelp.com/biz_photos/3C6c…This was my first time getting Yak Momos.  The yak meat is a little bit gamey.  I personally prefer the Chicken Momos.4) Shapta - beef chilly - marinated tender sliced beef sauteed with garlic, ginger, onion, and bell peppers with bhalebyelp.com/biz_photos/3C6c…This dish is my bf's favorite dish.  He usually gets this.5) Shoko Khatsa - potatoes Himalayan styleyelp.com/biz_photos/3C6c…6) Pork Chow Mein - yelp.com/biz_photos/3C6c…Tip:  I find that the food is better eating at the restaurant.  The takeout boxes makes the food not taste as good.
The food is amazing. We ordered Indian dishes and Nepal dishes. They are spice but tasty.
The Himalayan Yak has the most excellent food and a warm and friendly atmosphere. My husband and I have visited many times, and no matter what we order, the food is always delicious. Seriously. Everything is good, and if you want to try something new, like yak meat, this is your place. The food is fantastic and authentic. This is especially important to my husband, as he is a native of Nepal. We have never been disappointed with our orders, and the staff is always courteous and friendly. The manager is a nice guy too. It is always busy, but worth the wait. Don't miss this special place!
I ordered for chicken tikka masala  and it was one of the worst chicken tikka masala I have ever had. It was tasteless, bland, flavorless. No seasoning. Funny tasting orange colored gravy which seemed completely artificial. The delivery guy got lost and kept repeating the wrong address on the phone and refused to listen. Will never order from here again.
I've only been here once and didn't try or see most of their vast menu, so I'm hesitant to review, but I wanted to call out the yak meat because I think it comes from the Vermont Yak Co., and if so then this meat is grass-fed hippie goodness, which means I love this restaurant for serving it.  On the downside, I should note that the yak dish I had was pretty much just a minor variation on pepper steak you'd get from a Chinese takeout place.  Also, note the yak is seasonal--check the website to see if it's offered when you're going.A friend had the chicken thali, which looked great but he said it was only okay-to-good.We all split chicken momos, and these were fantastic.  Must-have item, if you're here.The breads: - The bhaley is nice, though a little reminiscent of Elvish lembas maybe?  - Skip the tingmo--It's just a ball of flavorless dough.  It's almost like they just took flour and water and slightly undercooked it, and then served it as bread.  It's weird.  Maybe an acquired taste, though. All things considered I'd probably give this just 3 stars but I like any place that offers grass-fed anything, and the momos were a stand-out dish that you could make a meal out of, so that bumps it up to 4 for me.
Tibetan Momo Dumplings galore!!With two past Tibetan coworkers who highly recommend Himalayan Yak as their choice for Momo Dumplings for authentic Tibetan Nepalese cuisine, I had to pay a food homage.  Illusions are now finally a reality, with a friend to schlep the trek underneath the grit and grime of 74th Street - Broadway #7 train tracks was a fulfilling dinning experience.The Momo Dumplings were able to be mix 'n matched totaling 8 pieces which our order was split between Tibetan Tse and Sha Momo Dumplings steamed (2 veggie, 2 pork, 2 buff, and 2 beef) at $8.95.  Yum, show me the MOMO DUMPLINGS!! Personally, I always preferred steamed rather than pan seared for healthier results.  Our waiter was informative with the various entrees to my friend who had little exposure to traditional Tibetan cuisine.  The Sandeko Bandel at $5.95 was a delight of sliced roasted wild boar and cucumber greatly shared which was served with three separate dipping sauces (a fiery red of dried red chilies for hell spawn spicy, green for very mild, and a orange for medium spawn spicy) which our waiter did not explain the difference when served.  The Gyathuk (Thukpa) beef at $8.95 was very refreshing and light without all the fat and thick chicken stock of a soup.  The Garlic Naan at $2.50 was a nice completion to our meal, whereas most Tibetan restaurants serve the standard Pita bread but Himalayan Yak actually served authentic Tibetan Naan.  Together, we both cleaned our selections empty to the authentic savory entrees.  Unlike Chinese cuisines, Himalayan Yak conjures a healthy yet savory concoctions without all the grease, fat or oil.  Cups are in the appearance of water jugs in a wooden tin to signify the Tibetan nomad.  In the spirit of authenticity, Tibetan Yak is available in various forms and flavors but no comment as we did not consume any for we had an abundance of food.  Ambiance is very lovely despite the very dim lighting but hones a traditional Tibetan nomad depicted with photos and artifacts from this era and place in the remote areas of Himalayan region.  My friend who is rentable commodity as a white guy made a mess with food residue on his eating area.  AIJA, I can't take this white guy to any Asian restaurants!!Our overall experience was extremely pleasant minus the lack thereof basic bathroom amenities of no toilet paper until our gratuity issue in billing.  The waiter returned the black leather check book and circled the 18% or 20% gratuity guideline as nothing less is acceptable.  My friend's general tip policy is 10% to 15% (minus sales tax) thereby, resulting an unsatisfied response from our waiter as he desired more.  He politely stated to the waiter:  "I don't want you to accept anything that you're not happy with" and we departed.  Minus the gratuity issue, I would surely return for a happier visit.
What unprofessional people that work here, I called for delivery, it never came when I called back they didn't pick up the phone when they're open till 1, 2 hours later after driving down there and confronting them they finally sent my food 2 and a half hours later,  honestly their food is good but any restaurant that would do that to a customer is isn't worth any of my money. Try Mustang Thakali kitchen just as good if not better, especially if you're ordering out.
I tried this restaurant few days ago with my husband. We ordered pickled shrimps, chicken sizzler and goat thali. Pickled shrimps were good in taste but  had only about 6 pieces of shrimp in total. Chicken sizzler was good in taste though the chicken could have been cooked a little more. Goat thali was the worst part of the meal. The lamb/goat smelled offensive and also the thali came with a cold dish made of fish which tasted and smelled horrible. Waitresss took good care of us, our glasses were filled all the time.P.s the 25% off coupon on yelp works only for lunch and not dinner.
While some of the dishes are great - dumplings (momo), black-eyed peas with bamboo shoot, chicken lollipop ...You really have to know what to order. Bhuton ( lamb intestines) for instance was terrible.
Let's start off that I came here cause I got a groupon and I always wanted to try Himalayan food. Plus it was close to 74th Jackson Heights; I haven't eaten at a lot of the places at Jackson Heights but the ones that I did . I loved and always came back to the place since the food were great. Himalayan Yak wasn't one of them - sorry to disappoint. Anyways, when we first went into the restaurant it wasn't packed (it was a Thursday night) the lighting were dimmed and sort of gave it a romantic feel to it- very cool  .Once we were seated we were given menus and there seems to be a lot of items on it. It was hard to choose what to get. But we ended up getting chicken lollipops , beef momos, chicken curry, and a goat curry.  We were given three sauces - not sure what it was but I gave them each a taste (cause I do that before putting it on my food duhh) Honestly, They didn't taste like anything special , not even flavorful actually. The chicken lollipops came out first and I was so excited since I never had a bad chicken lollipop before. Yeahhh.....this chicken lollipop sure weren't anything great. It wasn't dry at least but wasn't super tender. All the chicken lollipops I had were all different in taste and flavors and were GREAT!!! These weren't.  I tried using some of the sauces given , put some on the chicken and it didn't help but the sauces weren't good anyways.Beef momos came out- one order came out to about 6-8 dumplings (forgot how many) I wasn't sure if it was because we got the beef momos but I thought it needed more spices or something. I felt like they just shaped some beef and wrapped it. You deff taste the beef but that's all you'll  taste, No unique flavors or anything- super down about that. Last were the curries and when it came out my boyfriend and I agreed that it looked very homemade ish. It was very liquid-y and runny so to say the least  it  wasn't thick (i personally like my curry thick not super thick but thick) It didn't just look homemade it tasted homemade...it the bad way. The chicken and goat wasn't tough so that was good and there were plenty of big pieces of chicken and goat.So over all the food wasn't great (for  me) and I did not want to come back here at all since NONE of the foods we ordered gave me a good impression.I got to say something about the staff/service for this place because it was not good. The staff ( there were three that I saw in front) did not look happy . Our waitress was not helpful and did nothing other then bring our food. Did not come to our table to make sure we were okay or that everything with the food was fine (which it wasn't !!) Then when we got out check she told us what the total was with our groupon and had the balls to demand that we were to give her "this amount" of tip . .She sure as hell did not deserve it!! I don't even want to give this place another try, if it wasn't for the groupon I would had tried Himalayan food at another place around Jackson Height . But it was a groupon and from the yelp reviews it made it seem like it was good.....
When a restaurant has the word Yak to describe it, you would assume that there would be more yak dishes to choose from. I was kind of disappointed that there was only 3 dishes that contained yak in it out of the whole menu, the yak momo, the yak tongue (Cheley), and sauteed yak slices (Shapta). We had a groupon and they said that the yak slices were not included in the deal (even though we offered to pay the difference) and they were out of tongue for the day. So we settled for the yak momo's. Yak Momo ($12.95) - Tibetan dumplings that is similar to a Chinese Xiao Long Bao. Inside was seasoned yak meat which was strong in ginger and cilantro taste and the best part was the bit of soup that gushed out when bitten into. The dumpling skin was a little thick and almost bun like. Eating this, you would have thought it was beef. (8/10)yelp.com/biz_photos/hima…Gyuma ($9.95) - A sausage filled with beef blood and ground beef. At first look it might seem a little gross. That's the thought I had when I laid eyes on this dark matter. Taste wise, it wasn't as bold as it looked as it was lacking seasoning but it did have a bloody taste. It was very burger like. When out of the casing, the meat fell apart. (6.5/10)yelp.com/biz_photos/hima…Goat Thali ($12.95) - This was more like a sampler platter of condiments than an entree. The thali only had one small cup of goat meat curry. The other 3 cups consisted of a rice pudding, a chili like dip, and another kind of bean dip. Also they give you some rice and a small piece of crispy bread. Overall not much to eat but you get to try out a palate of flavors. (8/10)yelp.com/biz_photos/hima…This was my first time eating yak not in jerky form and I kind of expected more from it. Maybe I would have enjoyed it more if it wasn't grounded. I did enjoy this cuisine as the food had influences and flavors from cuisines all over Asia. But in the end, it just wasn't something I wanted to have seconds of.
Went here on a Saturday night and it was very lively. Had the Dhaal Bhat takari with goat and it was delicious. Tried the red snapper as well and it was good. Would definitely go again and reccommend it.
Decided to be a bit adventurous and try something new for dinner tonight, which was a great choice.Service here was very good and our server gave us great recommendations.I particularly loved the fried Gyuma with the trio of sauces and phaparko roti with goat curry. I highly recommend these two items.The yak shapta was a bit oily, but quite tasty and great amount of heat.
I went there all the way from Manhattan... Wanted to get my hands on momo. Went there with family and ordered few stuffs. Everything related to food was good; but the momo was disappointing .... I didn't understand the tipping gratitude  thing... I don't think anybody should be tipped for just getting a bottle of water and not coming to ask for more. But, the waiter came out clear.. So tipped him well.... Otherwise, I wouldn't even have tipped a penny... Place is good ... I am taking away a star for the momo...
Initially, I was mortified when my friends suggested we eat here. I mean if "yak" is in the name of the restaurant, one would assume it is a pretty meat heavy place, right?I didn't tell my friends I am now vegan (I was scared they would disown me), so I just played along and hoped for the best. On the morning before our lunch gathering, I checked out their menu and boy was I relieved. This place not only has vegetarian options, but also a good assortment for the vegan-inclined!On a Saturday afternoon, there were plenty of available seats. The place is pretty dark inside and nothing really to be said about the decor. There is a picture of the Dalai Lama in the back and a TV showing a video loop of the Himalayas. On the weekends, they have a lunch buffet for only $10. What a steal! The dishes are a mixture of Nepali, Tibetan, Indian and Bhutanese food. There is white rice, tingmo and bhaley bread. The tingmo bread reminds of a Chinese flower roll called "hua juan" and the steamed bun without any filling called "man tou."For the available entrees, they had paneer butter masala (cheese dish), dal (lentils with ghee on top), aloo tama bodi (bamboo shoots, black-eyes peas and potatoes, aloo dum (potatoes with cilantro), 2 meat entrees (I didn't even bother to look) and also kheer (rice pudding). For $10, it was a great deal and we all ate happily and were quite full. Service was a bit slow, but they were able to split our bill 4 ways (we are such a pain). I'll definitely come back with my family to try out this place. They are quite curious about Himalayan food!
Food is excillent but service is very poor ' servers never come to ask again ' after serving food ' do you need anything or how is it something bla bla ' they don't take care customers ' I been there twice in a week ' but I found same thing '
Service sucks... Waited for ten minutes none of the waiter showed up.... Such a poor hospitality
I don't yelp a whole lot but I thought this place was delicious.  The cheese Pakora was great.  The Thali Chicken platter  was so flavorful and filling.  The chicken Momo dumplings could have used a bit more flavor or something to dip them in but still good.  Our waitress Aastha was wonderful.   What a great server she is.  We had a great experience.
Wonderful little place and highly recommended to try Himalayan cuisine.  A mix of Nepali, Tibetan and Indian cuisine.  Gotta try yak meat!
Those pork dumplings were some of the best I ever had! The sauces went well. The staff was pleasant and helpful.
Conveniently close to the Jackson Heights metro station, traditional original food from Nepal and Tibet. Owners are from Mustang region.I was here for the 4th time but for the first time in the evening and on a weekend (FR nite). At lunch time they serve daal bhat (rice with lentils and lots of side dishes, with chicken, goat or vegetarian).I usually take the daal bhat thali plate and a samayabhaje (chiura = dried rice flakes,  taama bodi = bamboo and peas, hot sauces, pickle eg. radish, soy beans with spices). I love Newari food and this reminds me of it. I usually take the chicken version for samayabhaje and for daal bhat. The goat meat is rather on the chewy side. Don't be surprised if your meat comes with some bones on it, that's the way meat is cut and served in Nepal, hence typical.A friend of mine had the hot sour soup twice and she liked it a lot. It reminds me of Thai thom yum.She also ordered the steamed Tibetan bread with it. It is good, plain dough folded in an accordion shape and steamed.Yesterday, I had the momos (Tibetan dumplings) for the first time at this place. I liked the shape of it, they are hand made, the meat was well spiced and tasted of ginger. I love it that way. They were served in Chinese steam baskets. There was no extra sauce served with it but there were three bowls on the table and you can eat the momos with theses sauces. The sauces are good.Yesterday, they served the daal bhat with a tomato sauce that was flavored with timbur. It was sooo good! I could have eaten a plate of rice just with that timbur sauce.Oh, I almost forgot: they have khukri rum here!!! I do not think there are enough exclamation points in this world for that statement! It is rum from Nepal and I love its taste. For me the best rum in the world. Order it on the rocks with lime and order a coke with it. Just add a little bit of coke to the rum, so you can still taste the rum and squeeze the lime to get it's flavor, too. If I have to die, I guess that would be my last drink I'd wish to have.The interior is nice with Nepali wood carving decoration on the wall and I think brick walls. With the food at this place and the interior I always feel like being beamed to Nepal. The waitress is a smart and beautiful Gurung girl. She is always friendly and in a good mood.On weekends they have music played. So either you like that and enjoy it or you don't (and thus don't go on a FR or SA nite).One thing I like a lot: they never urge you to leave your table after you have payed. I really appreciate that. So if you want to spend time with someone over food and talk for a long time, that's your place.
What I've learned from eating here is simple.Initially I thought it was "bad" but not like "ugh this is exactly what I thought cow poo would taste" but more like, this isn't my type of meal.I didn't enjoy the food simply because it didn't cater to my taste buds. I wouldn't say it was traditional since I've never had traditional Himalayan food before.Anyways, had the beef momo and the veggie momo. Both were underwhelming. Also had the fried veggie patty. Tasted like a friend version of the veggie momo, wasn't very pleased.It tasted like a mixture of Chinese and Indian food.Although it wasn't for me, you should still try it just to experience different foods. I would say this place was OK.P.S. Don't bother with the pasta dessert. The "home made" apparently is more Kraft macaroni than home made.
I still dream about the meal I had here last year... We ordered the Phaparko Dhendo - a delicious and spicy assortment of curries served with the traditional Tibetan dhendo.  I had no idea what dhendo was before eating this meal. On it's own, it plain and mushy, but dipped with curry, it's delicious.  I have been looking everywhere for a more authentic restaurant but this is the real deal.  Our servers were very sweet and explained everything on the menu, and we enjoyed the traditional Indian tea that was served to close the meal.  Cute decor, intimate feeling but I would go here for lunch or dinner alone without feeling out of place.  Check this place out!
The food was AMAZING and the ambiance was great.  I decided to trek out to Jackson Heights for a food adventure and Himalayan Yak delivered above and beyond.  I would definitely come back.  We really liked the beef momo and the phaparko dhendo with chicken curry.
If anyone has been in this resturant a year or two years ago, you will notice a huge change in the renovation of the restaurant with a newly added bar and a beautiful shrine. This place distinguishes itself as a Tibet/Bhutan/Nepal middle eastern feel, thus the name himalayan yak restaurant, with beautiful chalice like cups for water. The food is delicious, the service is great, and the presentation of the food is more extravagant then one can expect. As far as my favorite dish goes, it is still the chicken tika masala and the pork chili. It is a must try. To save some money and leave even a higher tip. The restaurant also offers Groupon deals for you bargain hunters.
Nice ambience and good food. Came here once for dinner with a friend, and we tried the shapta, goat curry, and momos. My friend liked the shapta, but whoaa it was way too spicy for me. I liked the momos, they reminded me of chinese soup dumplings. But with thicker skin and less soup? I am curious as to whether the momos sold at the street carts nearby (around the 74th roosevelt ave train stop) are just as good, because they are definitely cheaper.Second time I came here was for their weekend buffet, which runs from 12pm to 4pm I think. And it was only $9.99!! Pretty good selection of food for the price: rice, goat curry, lentil soup, pork chilly (as they spelled it), veggies, mustard greens, and some spicy potatoes. They also had the rice pudding type of dish for dessert in the buffet. My friends and I ordered a pot of bodcha, or tibetan tea from the menu for an additional $6, but it was slightly salty and we were not a fan of it. We found out afterwards that the buffet also includes tibetan tea, but it must be a different kind, because that one tasted sweet, not salty. Both teas had a nice milky base.
Coming here has helped me realize I really do not care for Himalayan/Nepalese food.  I felt that all the dishes we ordered were well executed, but I just did not care for any of the flavors or textures.  Yak Momos: First time having momos, they're dumplings with a thicker skin... I can dig it.  But we ordered it with yak filling which was unfortunate because the yak is wayyy too lean for dumpling filling.Phaparko Dhendo: We took a real gamble on this because neither of us knew what this "buckwheat dough" thing was and the waiter didn't really tell us what it'd be like, just how it was supposed to be eaten..  We completely blew it on this one because the dhendo was this flavorless grainy textured purple amorphous blob that we had to choke it down to finish.Thali: I don't really remember this much, but there was a plate of decent mixed vegetables and pickled items.  There was a curry as well I believe that came out pretty good.  But the best thing to come out of this was the pudding.I take it that this is a reliable authentic hub for Nepalese food.  Unfortunately I wasn't particularly wowed by anything =(
They have expanded the guest section upstairs. I had never visited the expanded party and guest section upstairs. Yesterday, I happened to attend a party. In the beginning, it was quite comfortable. Restroom was okay. Serving persons were 2 and service was okay. About 30 guests were there when I arrived. After a while the scene changed. Just over 100 guests! And the hall gets narrow. And narrower. And then becomes congested. Tables were topped with plastic table-sheets. If only those were clothes, the plastic cup of drinks and plates of snacks would not fly. I had to wipe one of our friends' spill out because the table cloth (plastic) slipped through.It was a kind of lesson to learn too. If I have to organize a party of more than 75 people I would never ever approach this restaurant. But if I have to manage less than 75 guests, it's okay considering I would not have a parking space anywhere around. Some of our friends, were there about an hour late because of seeking parking space to park their car.Anyway, this is a local restaurant intended to receive and serve local needs. But as it serves mainly Nepalese and Tibetan guests, people are coming here from all over Queens. The good thing is you better rely on shuttle busses or trains. It's very convenient. Don't even think to attend important functions here driving a car. You gonna miss or be terribly late if it's a meeting.The serving of 3 waiters to more than 100 guests were kind of unrealistic. The waiters were trying their best to manage it but I could see pain in their eyes. Which was not the case downstairs while serving regular customers. Everybody seemed happy.We were having fun being over 100 people under the hood that has capacity of just around 75 guests. Kids were struggling to play hide and seek. Noise was extremely loud and there was no way to bypass it. We learned to live with such quickly - after all we all are adaptive... Hope the management hears it and learns with the guests management upfront. We have yet to learn much.
We dine-in in this resturant so many time and i liked it. But last time we were served uncooked ckn mo:mo. I told waitress at the same time when i saw raw meet inside , then she took a mo:mo with her bare hand and made half infront of us to check, she checked second mo:mo too. She took away that mo:mo away saying she gonna serve another mo:mo. Waiting 15-20 more mins we were served another ckn mo:mo, finally we got mo:mo but it was the same mo:mo that the waitress made half with her bare hand. I felt so 'ghinlagdo' since that moment i feel not going to himalayan yak. Sorry
The Momos are big and hearty, the service is great and friendly, the menu is will designed and understandable, and they have butter tea! We tried the blood sausage which was delicious, nice and coarse and filled with spices. The only drawback was the yak meat in the sizzler platter which I had never tried before but was kind of bland in flavor and potent in odor. Smells actually kind of like a mixture of tripe, beef and gator meat, but tastes more like bison. Maybe it would have been better suited for the stew which was also on the menu. Overall a great experience and I will go back, but may stay away from the yak.
Their Bhakcha Markhu is the best dessert in the world!! Milky, soft yet chewy, the best of all: it's not too sweet!It's really nice environment and service is excellent.Will definitely come again..
i ordered  a chicken tikka masala with 2 garlic naan. First, i asked for chicken to be spicy and it was completely bland, no salt as well. Second, portion size was almost 1/2 of what you get in jackson hts. for the same price at a reputed restaurant. Out of which half of it was just heavy cream. Lastly, I asked for green chillies which i got and the food came on time ( Thats why 2 stars ) Overpriced bland food. i would not recommend for indian food.
I love this place! Living in Queens, there's soooo many Japanese, Thai, Chinese, and Spanish restaurants everywhere that its starting to get a little tiresome. Himalayan Yak is something different. First thing you notice is this giant door that looks like it opens to Narnia. You walk in and it's a cozy little atmospheric restaurant. They don't have traditional glasses, instead they have metal chalices/grails. Ballin!!!! There's also this little condiment thing on the table. I don't know what half of it is but it's something new to try. Ballin!!!!!Now lets talk about the food. I ordered the sizzling plate with chicken, chicken tikka Marsala and garlic naan. Everything was delicious especially the garlic naan. Do yourself a favor, skip the rice and get that garlic naan. You won't regret it. Overall, this restaurant is a change of pace from our normally "diverse" options. Just do it!
Went here on a Groupon. The food was good, I had a mango lassi with the beef momo (steamed) and another beef dish that came with the steamed bun. Service was terrible, they had a big party and so all the attention was focused on them and not us.  Wasn't particularly impressed.
It was my first time eating Nepali/Himalayan food. Most of the dishes were pretty good with the exception of the "wild boar". It was tough and chewy. Drinks were on point. Staff was nice and accommodating, considering we needed to add an extra table to our already large group. I would definitely consider returning.
Yes just yes!, I love the dumplings\momos. I had the vegetarian pan fried and the steamed momos they completely surpassed my expectations.Not to mention the spicy sauces!!! I was reading the negative reviews  before entering the restaurant And if you can't handle the spicy deliciousness then this place isn't meant for you.Will comeback, great post coffee my only concern was the tiramisu which was not moist enough in my opinion however was still delicious !!!!!
Not good but not too bad. I ate at this restaurant on a Sunday while shopping in Jackson heights, and used a 30% coupon I had.  For the first time ever I had a Himalayan tea, which is hit black tea with salt and butter. One word. Ewwwwwww. But hey, maybe that's just me. The portions were incredibly small for the price, but the taste wasn't too bad. The overall flavor of most of the food we tried was a gamey flavor, so if you're into that kind of food then go for it. The drinks are amazing and pretty cheap 8-10$ for a cocktail. The momo's are way too overhyped. Nothing special. I've had better at fine Chinese restaurants. Overall it was an ok experience. Wouldn't go back but I wouldn't ignore it either.
We haven't had any food from the Himalayan region outside of Queens so we can't vouch for the authenticity of the food but their preparations are very tasty. We tried their momos and some of their entrees with tingmo buns a couple of times we were in Queens. Their menu also features some unique dishes like Laphing (a spicy buddhist preparation made out of mung bean starch with a jello like texture) and a Bhutanese dish called Ema Datsi which happens to be our favorite at this restaurant. We haven't had the real stuff made out of yak milk but the version that they make packs quite a lot of heat and is finger licking good. Would recommend this place if you feel like trying something unique when you're in the area.
From November 2010Last night was my first experience at the Yak.  I went with a Yak enthusiast and 4 first time Yakers.  We found parking pretty easily and walked.  Although it was a Friday night at 8:30, we found that there was ample seating.  There was live music upstairs, so we went with that.  I started off with the vegetarian momos, which I bathed in the green sauce.  The momos are eight pieces brought to you in a steamer. Overall the food is good and the restaurant is nice.
The food is excellent but I Ordered for delivery and wrote "extra spicy sauce" yet they only give one set which I'm already supposed to get for one entree and I ordered bunch of stuff yet they didn't send me any extra sauce. I like my food spicy and I let them know and I'm very disappointed that they didn't provide extra sauce. Lost my appetite now.
I would never come back here !! The service is bad . The staff members don't care about anything . I felt like they don't like to work there . When they set up their table they literally touch the glass from top which was disgusting . I mean people will drink water . I had momo it was delicious but the sauces they have me it wasn't fresh at all . I am pretty sure it's not fresh and they are just using one sauce for different people . Suggestion they should have fresh sauces for momo it shouldn't be bubble on the top and they shouldn't serve the same one for different people . This is the reason I am giving one star .
I'm with Thomas M. on this one - other than momos, Himalayan/Nepalese cuisine just doesn't do it for me.This place has a nice, low-key ambiance and pleasant service. We had a half-&-half mix of fried and steamed beef momos to start; these were OK (but not as good as others available in this nabe).We followed with thalis, chicken for me and veg for my companion. Most of the items had a salty funk that I found off-putting; the chicken on my tray consisted of 3-4 small, bony, overcooked chunks in red oily sauce in a little metal cup. The lentil soup was bitter and sour, a veg curry had a strange, heavy tang, and most of the pickled vegetables just had too strong a salty "spice concentrate" flavor for my taste.The little cup of sweet, kheer-like rice pudding was good, though...
This is one of my go to Nepali restaurant...i have been here countless time for past few years and for a while their momo weren't as good but hats off to new cook that makes it so delicious. Every time i come here here are the three things that i always and i mean always order...chicken momo (steam), chicken chilli and their chow mein. Plus one of the waitress has same name as mine which is very rare for me to see :D
One afternoon, we were craving for some ema datsi. Ema datsi is a Bhutanese national food. It's chili & cheese. It's not easy to find a Bhutanese food here in NYC because not all Himalayan restaurant serve them. Himalayan Yak is one of the few Himalayan restaurant that serve Bhutanese food here in NYC. This review is strictly just for their Bhutanese cuisine. We didn't try their Tibetan / Nepalese food here. We ordered one ema datsi & one phak shya pa. Both came with white rice. We also ordered two ting mo as a side order. Ting mo is a Tibetan steamed bun. Ting mo is great to eat with the ema datsi. The decor is pretty nice. Definitely a great place for a date night. The service was decent. The food came pretty slow. We spent $26 for our meal there. The portion of the food is quite small.
So once again, on a whim I stopped into Himalayan Yak and decided to check out the menu.  I did not know what to expect from Nepalese/tibetan food, but boy was I pleasantly surprised.  The dining room itself is really cool.  This place is super authentic, as I was the only non-Himalayan person in the room.  I had the Tofu Chilli and the Vegetable Mo-Mo...the flavors were AMAZING. Some familiar and others not so much, but it works, boy does it work! I will definitely be returning to try more of their dishes.
Great little spot. Haven't been here in 10 years. Got inspired after we came back from Lhasa. The food is authentic. Had the Nepalese combo (called a Nepalese set in Tibet). Goat curry was excellent as was the dal & collards. Was able to use the 25% off coupon from yelp! Would gladly come again.
Never had Himalayan food before but after this excursion, I'm down to try it again.Adorable atmosphere and really nice decor. The service was great and the food hearty. Yum!
What makes this spot stand out most in the culinary destination that is Jackson Heights, Queens is it's decor and physical appearance, since most of the restaurants in the neighborhood take casual dining to new levels of unrefined. I'm far from a Himalayan food expert, as this only being my second time having it, but I was slightly underwhelmed by my experience at Himalayan Yak. The service was great, along with the beef Momo (dumplings), but the Phaparko Shendo Platter was kind of a disappointment; we ordered the chicken version, which didn't have a particularly impactful flavor and the sides were just OK. Plus, perhaps I'm too accustomed to the guilty pleasures that are paratha, naan, roti, etc. but the buckwheat pancakes were not appetizing. The Yak Shapta was our favorite dish but we both felt the bread it came with wasn't the best fit and we wished it had come with rice. I'm guessing this is just the traditional way to serve this type of dish so I am in no way criticizing this choice, but rather offering my honest feedback.
I've never had Himalayan food before and in my life quest on being more open minded and adventurous, I decided to give it a try. The restaurant sign and decor really caught my eye. I ate there for lunch and was the only customer there so all attention was to me. From the moment I entered, it was tranquil and decor was rightfully reminiscent of the Himalayas and that part of the world. The hostess/waitress was very nice and very helpful in providing advice as to which dish I should try. I wasn't ready to try anything too exotic, such as yak momo, so I started with the grilled chicken appetizer. It's served with this dry, crunchy rice and this incredibly spicy red sauce. I'm a West Indian food aficionado and generally, West Indian food is spicy. I don't even consider most West Indian food spicy, it's just that I've realized everybody had a different tolerance for spicy food so other people may consider the food spicy. The waitress warned me about how spicy the sauce would be and just to be safe, I went for the mild version. THE MILD VERSION IS VERY SPICY! The chicken was well seasoned and the dry rice tasted great with the cilantro, onion and different spices blended. I also had the steamed vegetable momos and they were fantastic. They were the perfect blend of green vegetables and spices. The flavor was so robust I smiled every time I ate one. Overall, this place is excellent.
This place doesn't even deserve a single star. The only reason I gave them 1 star is because you can't write a review without it and second I am thankful to them for screwing up my birthday reservation because of their so called "misunderstanding" and BAM I got to celebrate my birthday at a place way better than this one. Anyways the only reason I choose Himalayan Yak over so many other authentic Nepali restaurants ( in terms of food) is just to listen to phiroj syangden. Here's what happened: I booked a booth and tables for 17 people on 2nd floor 3 days ahead. I even discretely asked the girl who took my reservation, if they had any events or anything on that day just to make sure they don't screw up at the last minute. Also they even called me when I was on my way up there like 15 minutes before I showed up to confirm the number of guests. When I arrived the guy at the door said there was some event going on and I can't be seated where I reserved. He even said that there was some misunderstanding about my reservation, I guess he was implying that I never made any reservation. Then the most funny part they asked us to sit on the table with 4 chair and get started. What in this earth were they thinking? I would start my party without my guests and that too without any arrangements for that large group? Seriously these people totally ruined my mood and knowingly screwed up my birthday. I totally understand that you guys opened up this restaurant to make money, for maximum profit. But keeping your client satisfied is the most important thing for success in business. Fine you entertained another group larger than mine, because you were obviously getting more money from them, but you guys should have been courteous enough to inform me about possibilities  of delays on seating or even to ask me to change my time or whatsoever. You lost 17 regular customers not just that you lost trust of your clients. On top of everything when I was arranging cabs for all the guests who had already arrived, some guy called me to ask if I was still coming for my party? Seriously you gave me attitude despite of your mistake and you still expect me to bring in my guests and deal with your mediocre service again? No way, never again Thank god I found Malingo restaurant instantly and we had most amazing celebration despite of all that crap I got from this place. Note for business owner: I don't need your apology because the damage has been done and nothing is going to change it. I'm never going to see you again.
Came here with a group of friends.  Unfortunately, not all of us were ready for the deliciousness that is the Yak.   A few of them were just not ready for the spiciness of the cuisine.  I, however, was.  I thought the meal was fantastic.We started with a number of apps.Given that this was our first visit, we got the Samayabajee (app sampler), which was good.  The Bhutan (intestines/liver/offal) was the surprise winner of the apps, full of flavor with excellent mix of textures.  The chicken lollipop was delicious.  We all collectively wished it was an entree.  The Sandeko Bandel (wild boar) was a delicious take on pork belly/bacon.  We also ordered the Beef Sukuti, which was a bit tough/chewy, and was easily the weakest of the appetizers.The momos, as other yelpers had recommended, were delicious.  We stuck with the steam versions, and were pleasantly surprised.  Make sure you use the orange dipping sauce.  It's spicy, but the peppercorn provides an excellent balance to the momo flavor.For entrees, the notables were the gyuma (blood sausage), the goat curry, and the thall.I will definitely come out here again.  The food is delicious and CHEAP.  Make sure you go family style to be able to try everything.  Portions are large, so come hungry.
I came here for a family dinner and it's a very good place for both large and small groups.  The food can be enjoyed both family-style or individually.  If you've never had Nepalese food, think of a marriage between Indian and Thai food.Chicken Momos:  If you like dumplings and pot stickers, these are a mix of the thick-skinned Chinese dumplings and thin-skinned Japanese gyozas.  I liked them and the three sauces complimented them well.Saag:  I ordered a side of the saag, which reminded me a lot of Cantonese style sauteed pea shoots, but with cumin seeds.  It is not at all like Indian Saag Paneer, which is cooked down, soft, saucy and curry-like.  The saag here is kept crisp.  It's both a familiar and new flavor.Thali:  My sister ordered a veggie Thali and I tried a little of everything.  It reminded me of Indian dishes that come out with a little bit of everything to eat with rice.  There were a variety of sauces and curries and a small bit of rice pudding to finish the meal.Yak Stew:  a tomato based stew that is on the sweet side and rather mild in flavor.  It went well with the rice.  It is very Western/American/kid palate-friendly.  The yak is a little gamey but benefits from the long stew.Sipped:  a spicy cocktail with chili peppers and ginger.  This one was a toss up.  Imagine a VERY spicy hot toddy.  On the one hand, it woke you up with strong citrus and honey notes, which was nice.  On the other hand, it's hard to keep drinking it because it was so spicy.  Spicy both in the initial sip (ginger) and the lingering after taste (chili peppers).  Not eaten, but smelled:  Sizzler plate.  Someone at the next table ordered a sizzler plate.  It smelled heavenly as the waiter passed by and I will definitely try it.Let me also add that my sister brought her two kids to the restaurant, a 4 yr old and a 1 yr old.  The wait staff were so great to both of them and even gave them goody bags on the way out.  There is no kids play room, but high chairs are available upon request.
Love the food here, authentic Nepali food with an awesome ambiance. Would highly recommend anyone who wants to try Nepali/himalayan cuisine, this is the best spot in all of nyc!!
Went here with a friend who lives nearby, and am SO glad we did, rather than go into Manhattan.  Good service  and great food!
This is the best place you can ever be in Jackson heights. Great staff great food and most of all great music. Just experience this place for once and you will be addicted to this place.
The food was great, we got the vegi platter, but afterwards my stomach not feeling great to the spices. Overall not bad experience, great decoration inside
On a Friday night I randomly walked in to this place cause I heard a band playing ethnic music, I wasn't to hungry so I ordered a drink, pomegranate mojito, and appetizers, chicken lollipop and beef momo. It was a nice experience, next time I'll try a bigger dish.
Painfully slow service. Food was good when it arrived.
Good atmosphere. You will feel you are in some part of Nepal and everyone is talking in Nepali, it just feels great :) Live performance by Phiroj Syangden was more than what I was expecting; worth a visit even just for that. But I'm not sure about the schedule, we got lucky it was the same evening he was performing. Yay! During a break, I asked the server if I can have a picture with Phiroj but the server gave me a rude look and said "He's busy". Not cool.Food was good but misses the "authentic" factor, specially for someone like me who was craving for typical Nepali food's taste. Some of them were very good and some were kinda bland (choila). Choila served was basically cooked/boiled meat mixed with some tangy spices... Hello! that is not choila. That is "masu sandheko. :) Next time if I go there, I will only order things that met my expectation.Other than that, everything was good. We even got the yelp check-in offer of 1 shot of Khukuri rum. :D Totally worth it! Happy tummy :)
The momos are great, both fried and steamed. I recommend being adventurous!!
This was an amazing, but (thanks to Yelp) an obvious find when looking for restaurants in Jackson Heights!I wanted to try different dishes, so I went for a couple of appetizers instead of choosing an entrée. I am glad I did. The Napelese food was very good, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
Queens, particularly Jackson Heights/Elmhurst area never really disappoints when it comes to food. How could they? The person making your Bah Mi sandwiches, is most likely born and raised in Vietnam, rather than a random person looking for a job in the kitchen and learning a recipe he/she's never made before.  So with authentic Asian food in our minds, my family and I tried the Himalayan Yak for some hearty Tibetan/Nepalese food.Loved it - I got the Nepalese goat curry, Gudring la Masu, which was heavily spiced (not the hot kind) and delicious with a bowl of white rice. My sister got this delicious sauteed/curried chicken with spinach and bell peppers, Ngog shapa, and it came with some steamed Tibetan buns called tingma. My cousins got some sauteed beff which I really liked - spicy, flavorful and tender. The staff was great, and accommodated us very nicely, and the decor is really nice - traditional and classy and spacious. The only reason I did not give it the 5 stars, is because their momos were very unlike the ones I have had in other Tibetan places - I was expecting them to look mor elike Chinese buns but they looked and were cooked like dumplings...and I am pretty sure they're not supposed to be like that.Next time, will definitely dry the chicken lollipops, the sauteed whole snapper and some fish chilly :)
When i first came to the yak, i love the deco and the atmosphere. I order the butter chicken w/ side dish of garlic naan. My life was so complete!!! Their food is delicous!!
Himalayan Yak is my favorite Nepali/Tibetan restaurant... Great place to hang out with friends and family... What else we need when we are in a pleasant environment and served by friendly people???And also if you like Nepali, Bollywood music, it's the right place... Food are awesome
We think we may just not be fans of Himalayan food.  We ordered the sauteed yak and some combo dinner.  I would say we are moderately tolerant of spicy foods, but we could not finish either dish.There was also no indication on the menu or from the staff that the dishes would be painfully spicy. The bread that comes with it probably provides some relief, but my boyfriend's white bread tasted like play-do, and mine tasted like potting soil (buckwheat).  I ate the spicy food to get the taste of the breads out of my mouth.  As an added bonus, my chicken dish was mostly chicken vertebrae, which is both inedible and unappetizing.  Staff was friendly enough, but the first dinner dish was brought out while we were eating the appetizer (wild boar, which was mostly fat), and the second dinner was brought out some time later.  Not going back, but kudos to those who can handle this type of food.
A great place to venture some exotic Nepalese and Tibetan food, though they also have a lot of safe choices. Try their Thalis, Nepali snack platter, Gundrnk curry and Bhakcha Markhu for dessert!
so good. i like the atmhospere and the food. also they have a tv where they show how is the life in Tibet!!! great, i like also the flavor of the Yuk!!! so good.not expensive. i would increase the level of the wine list...
Putting this into my rotation of neighborhood favorites! Came on a Saturday night and there was live music. WHAT!? I was in love. Started with the wild boar app and the steamed chicken dumplings. The boar tasted like bacon. Just the right amount of salt. They also spinkled paprika on top of it which gave it a nice kick. The dumplings were delish. Shared the Gyuma (their specialty AKA blood sausage) and soup noodles with pork (can't remember the name). The blood sausage was good but nothing too out of the ordinary. The soup noodles were tasty and reminded me of a chinese soup my mom makes. Came with mushrooms, potatoes and veggies. Wanted to try the dessert but was too full. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
Wow. This place is just wow! I don't think I've had such a good restaurant experience in a while! I went with a group of 10 people, so please imagine the number of dishes we got. I'm not lying when I say I liked ALL of the food that we got!Here's a brief rundown:1. Dumplings were delicious! And coming from a Chinese person who's had homemade dumplings all her life is saying something. We got pork, beef, and fried dumplings. They were all delicious.2. Beef tongue. Really yummy! I'm a big fan of beef tongue already, so I knew I'd like this dish. But I was really surprised at how amazingly delicious the flavors of it were! It was slightly spicy but not so much that I couldn't taste the other flavors. This is a must get!3. Yak. I've never had yak but I'm glad I tried some! The meat was very chewy but full of flavor!4. Beef sausage. So on the menu it says it's a specialty of the restaurant so we got it. The menu also said that the sausages were stuffed with beef blood. Interesting. When we got it, the sausages looked really dark. But don't let the description and appearance of it deter you from trying some! The texture was soft and a bit chewy (like a sausage should be) at the same time. It was really yummy!5. Got some veggie dishes... the bamboo shoots and the cottage cheese. Both of these were DELICIOUS! There's a similar paneer dish in Indian cuisine, but I have to say, I like the Nepali version better. So much more flavor without the overpowering spices!6. Butter fish.Amazing flavor, tender, not fishy at all.Even though it was a Saturday night, I was amazed at how many people kept coming into this restaurant! People were coming in for dinner at 10:30pm!! That's always a good sign.Oh, one last thing... other than the great food, live music, and interesting decor, you can't beat the prices here. The food was really cheap and tasty! How can you go wrong with that?
Oh you fancy, Himalayan Yak Restaurant.I was really surprised. I was under the impression that most restaurants in the area were hole in the walls. But Himalayan Yak Restaurant is in a league of it's own complete with a not so secret second floor (that is where the party is at laser lights and all), a full blown extensive menu of Nepalese and Tibetan food and Indian cuisine, and a live band. Himalayan Yak Restaurant is extremely friendly to families with children, newbies, and celebrations such as birthdays. It is a good place to accommodate groups. And if you are unsure of what to order, they will make countless recommendations, all delicious and a sure bet.We ordered an array of dishes, half of which I really enjoyed and half of which did nothing for me. I found the most common known momos to be bland and my choice Himalayan potatoes Shoko Khatsa to be filler. They were served with a side of bread and that was too much starch upon starch. The spice was strong but even that couldn't save it from being dull. For the momos, we ordered Yak. This is not on the menu but we were able to get it from the kitchen. I'd recommend this just for its exclusivity, not for its taste. I prefer Chinese dumplings more. My favorites of the night were the Chicken Lollipop appetizer, the greasy Pork Chow Mein, and the Oxtail Soup. I could eat a whole dish of Chicken Lollipops myself and I really do feel as if the strength of Himalayan Yak Restaurant lies in the soups. The broth was light and it tasted so homemade with cilantro, clear noodles, and potato. I actually want to go back just to indulge in their soup. Food here is inexpensive and filling. Not a bad place to go when you are tired of the Thai, Filipino, Indian, and Colombian restaurants in the area.3 stars for the food, an extra star for the decor.
What an incredible find - great service, good prices, and lovely live music.Not to mention that the food was pretty great. Since my friend and I used a yelp deal, we ended up with a lot more food than we'd set out to have.Will return for the chicken momos, the desert, and the local Nepali band.
Loved all the foods! Can't wait to go back again. Me and hubby was here tonight. This place is traditional looking. We had chicken lollipop, veg moma, fried red snapper and chicken sizzler. Everything was very delicious ! The waiters are very well mannered! Can't wait to go back again!
WOW.Great food, with flavors I've yet to experience. Live music. Wonderful service.Really A plus stuff.Will be returning and recommending.
This place is definitely hit or miss and I can totally understand why there are some less than stellar reviews...Its one of those restaurants where it all depends on what you order. Some things are amazing and others are a total miss.  After reading / studying all the reviews for this place over the past week, I finally went with the bf and brother last weekend.For my brother the carnivore / meat lover (who is not a foodie but is a glutton and loves food so I drag along on my foodie adventures and order for), I got the the Shapta (Beef Chilly) on my fellow yelper's recommendation once again.  While I don't eat meat other than chicken occasionally, I did sample the veggies and sauce that came w/ it and it was AMAZING! Soo flavorful!To share, we got  1 app and 3 dishes.App:1.) Chicken Lollipop - the reviews are true.  Definitely the best thing and a must-order. Absolutely delish.  It is definitely due, in large part, to the sauce it comes with but the chicken itself was good, juicy, yummyy!Entrees:1.) Paneer Butter Masala from the Indian section which was delishh. Thanks to a fellow yelper's review. I eat at Indian restaurants once or twice a week, every week for the past 2 years so I believe I am a decent judge of what constitutes good Indian food...and contrary to popular belief, they do Indian pretty darn well.  This dish isn't the spicy type of Indian but the creamy and although I usually am not a fan of creamy curries, this one hit the spot w/ the flavor...also, it came with naan which was just right as well2.) Whole Tilapia from the Indian section again...this one was a total miss. Really fishy and not in a good way (I'm a total seafood lover but this was just a gross type of fish-y), tons of little bones in the fish, flavor wasn't good.3.) Chicken Thali - not worth the tummy space, $$, etc. other than the little tiny bit of actual Chicken that came with it and the rice pudding dessert type thing.  Everything else on the plate tasted just okay / tolerable or pretty bad even...Definitely would NOT order it again. Feels like a rip off paying for $10 for 2 bites of chicken, gross tasting veggies, and a sip of rice pudding like dessert.almost forgot, the service was good too...nothing amazing but better than the typical Asian places I'm used to in Flushing.  Waitress was really nice and honest and told me it may be too much food if I order more after I ordered the above and was about to keep going. I think she under estimates the gluttony of foodies...she probably thinks we're all total fata**es but oh well, yummyy in my tummy (for the most part anyway--just gotta remember to follow yelpers' recommendations, not stray, and order the right things!)
I finally tried the buffet here! It was worth getting up early on a Saturday and coming from Long Island. The delightful radish pickle I remembered from one of my visits appeared along with tingmo, which I tasted for the first time. Being no fan of most breads, I'd hesitated to order and pay extra for it. It was okay as a sauce-sponge but had no taste on its own. Though a refreshing change from ubiquitous naan and rice, I still  prefer the nutty phapar ko roti. But that is probably too costly to include on their buffet.Also present were a mixed dal, mustard greens, goat curry, chilli chicken, tofu stir fry, spicy aloo, kheer, and sweet tea. Unfortunately, the goat curry was mainly a tough, cartilagenous mouthful, and the chicken was dry. But the tofu, dal, and mustard greens were mindblowing. I went back for thirds of those greens, redolent of just enough mustard oil as well as dry red chili kick. And that tofu with its mix of veggies blended beautifully with the pickle.At $10, this is on par with nearby buffets in terms of value. I will revisit.
For me it didn't live up to the Yelp rating. The Bhutan Goat was a good start, but the meat in the yak sizzler was very tough. The taste of the platter was good with the onions and noodles, but to get through the meat with a knife was a task. The Bok Choy was very good and the service was satisfactory. Given all the choices in Jackson Heights, I'm not sure I'd go back anytime soon.
Great place for yak! Having never tried Himalayan or Tibetan, this was a must visit! The yak was unique and tasty. The goat curry was good too. The meat was very tender. The curry went well with rice. But even the mild was spicy!! The atmosphere was good but the entire restaurant smelled like curry.
The mystery of Himalayan food solved!  Well, sort of.  We're guessing when this restaurant opened Yak was more readily available but unfortunately it's a seasonal ingredient as we didn't get any.  What I appreciated most were the video screens on the wall explaining what Himalayan culture was all about, the cool copper lined water cups (though they were not very well cleaned inside), and the decent service.  The tasted basically like Chinese food in general so if you're Chinese like me and expect something that's wow that's so different you're not really gonna get that.  Nevertheless it's good.  The momo's (dumplings) I found a bit dry so I guess the beef was lean or perhaps it was actually a little overcooked as we waited a while for those.  I'll certainly come back for their lunch buffet and hope there's of the 'exotic' stuff like the buffalo and yak.
I loved the decor, use of cultural art and wooden carvings.  I thought it had an amazing vibe.  I visited on a Friday evening, so the upstairs had a live band playing Beatles and other classic hits.  The platters that I got were wonderful. The Nepali salad was colorful and vibrant in appearance.  The vegetables were amazingly fresh.  I also really like the beef momo's which were super filling and delicious.  I enjoyed the goat appetizer.  I also like something with the word bhaley in it.  The name leaves me, but if I remember I will come back to correct it.  It was packed, yet we were able to dine. The hostess found a table for two in the center.  It was all in all, a very pleasant time!
Went here on a Sunday night, and let me tell you this was one of the best experiences that I have had in a really long time. I love going out like most people so when you find a place like this one that serves good portion meals along with all the food having their own flavors it's really a special find. On top of that they had live music which was awesome and made the place have a friendly feel to it.
This place was a revelation!  You'd never know from the street (or the name!) but this popular place offers stylish ambience, excellent Himalayan cuisine, and on the night we visited, some of the most unique and enchanting live music I've ever encountered.  4 1/2 stars.
I'll start by saying: DO NOT DRIVE HERE. Finding parking is nearly impossible on a Saturday night.Anyway. Bought the Groupon ($22 for 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, 2 beers/house wine).If you order the right dishes, it is insanelyyyyyy worth the money.First time trying Himalayan food but my conclusion is it's like a mix of Cantonese, Szechuan, and Indian food. Service was very attentive, and waiters were very welcoming of the Groupon and even walked us through what we could/couldn't order on the menu with it.Goat Bhutan - goat liver, heart, and intestines are chopped into little bits with extremely spicy peppers. The beaten rice/white flakes did nottttt help with the spiciness. It would have been a very flavorful dish if it was just not overpowered by the chili, setting your mouth and tongue on fiyahhhhhhh.Yak Momo's - served with 3 different types of hot sauces (a mild "green pico salsa" kind of green sauce, a tomato-y orange one (kinda like a masala), and a red sweet chili-type). Got 'em fried. You get 10 big dumplings with huge balls of meat in the middle. Although delicious, I just feel like you can easily get something similar in taste (although for way less meat and more dough, and more oil) at a hole-in-the-wall Chinese place in Flushing for way cheaper. Came with a free tingmo (plain bun). Chinatown does it better though.Thenthuk (chicken) - The equivalent of Chinese "ho fun (white, flat noodle)" in soup, although I'll sell out and say the Tibetians do it way better. Very flavorful broth, and chewy noodle perfection.By the end of the meal, I was falling into a food a coma from being so full.
Tibetan, Nepalese and Indian CuisinesA good choice when you are in the mood for something different. I know we tried all of the Naan bread  they had as well as the butter tea. I think of it as a cold weather place to eat because of the butter tea  rich and warm for cold nights. If you have a challenging foodie friend who has been everywhere and will eat anything and you want to impress them with your knowledge of hidden gems (well hidden is relative in NY anyway) this would be at the top of my list. I am giving them 4 stars for being unique.
Mediocre food. We had the lunch buffet and a side of vegetable momos.  I think you could find better quality and better tasting dumplings in the freezer section of some grocery than the vegetable momo served here. The waiter told us that they didn't have change for a hundred and basically threw the money and check back at us. No "sorry" with that either. Whatever. We pulled out some twenties and gave them some. After they gave us our change back, they angrily walked over, opened up the check book and asked "is it all for the tips?" then grabbed it and walked away. It was at least 15% even though it should be less for his appalling "service".  This ain't Tibet.  It wouldn't hurt for them to learn some quaint American custom like saying "thank you". Yeesh.
This is a really nice looking restaurant on the inside. Very modern and very clean. They serve Tibetan, Nepalese, and Indian food. We only tried the Tibetan stuff. However, the food here just didn't do it for me. My friend did not like it that much either. We started off with some momos with beef. They were okay and the spicy sauce added some kick. They were similar to Chinese dumplings but minus the sauce, they were blander. We then shared two entrees. One was gyatuk with chicken, which is a type of Tibetan noodle soup. This one tasted very bland to us as well. The second was samdey with lamb, which is a Tibetan curry. This had more flavor but paled in comparison to the Thai and Indian curries out there.It wasn't the cuisine that I did not like. I have had Tibetan food at other (and less fancy looking) places and liked the flavor a lot more. I am not sure what happened. It could have been the dishes we chose. I would definitely be willing to give this place another chance sometime and see if I like other entrees.
Service is always nice,  and the food is even better. I love their food,  and they have tons of veggie and vegan options.  Always go there when I'm in the area!
Delicious foods with reasonable price because they have a live band singing, clean, nice decoration, good service, and good atmosphere overall. The foods price are actually pretty expensive compare to other Tibetan/Nepali restaurants out there in Jackson Heights, but the price you pay for this restaurant is definitely worth it without any regrets.
Went there on a Group On, and the staff was very friendly.We had blood sausage, the lamb sizzler, yak momo, and 2 ginger beers.Blood sausage was awesome!Lamb sizzler was also great. Lamb was super tender and falvorful.Yak Momo was good, but don't get it steamed. Next time, we will try it fried. The yak inside was tasty, but outre wrapping was a bit odd tasting to me.They allowed us to substitute ginger beers instead of beer or wine, which was great. (And cheaper for them)The only thing keeping this from a 5-star is the way waitress disappeared when we needed check. We definitely will go back, though, and recommend you try it out. (especially the blood sausage and lamb sizzler)
I've been here twice and each time was amazing...I love the beef momo and pork momo...a must try...I will get the yak dishes next time. Staff is friendly and helpful to recommend  food.
I've had Himalayan food before and this was not as tasty.  I'd give them 2 stars but they were nice to give my party of 10 the 20% Yelp check-in discount. They didn't have yak, which didn't disappoint me since I've never heard anyone rave about the beast, but with a name like theirs it should always be avail.  Here they make there own bhaley (wheat bread) which was good but I think the chickpea crackers I had elsewhere seemed more authentic.  The rest of what we ate:Sadeko Bandel  - Sliced roasted wild boar served with lemon sauce and Sichuan pepper.Raayo Saag - Mustard green leaves fried with cumin seeds.Fried Gyuma - Homemade Tibetan style sausage filled with beef blood and ground beef, Shapta - Sliced beef sautéed with garlic, ginger, red onion, green and red bell pepper Cheley - Sliced beef/yak tongue sauteed with red onion, red and green bell pepper Thenthuk - Traditional Tibetan style hand pulled noodle with chicken, radish and spinach.We went to Krystal's down the street for dessert of halo halo which everyone enjoyed more than the meal
I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. It was my second time tasting Nepali Cuisine. I went with a Nepali friend and he helped guide us through the menu. I loved the food and the experience. Specifically recommend the Lamb Bhuttan, Chicken Chili, and Momos!
Finally writing a review for one of my favorite restaurant in NewYork, went there multiple times and kept liking this place more and more.This is the best Nepali restaurant in entire NewYork city I bet, variety choice of food starting from Nepal,Tibetan,Indian. Best food I would recommend you is #sukutibeef  #friedintestine #loliipop and a choice of your #thali, oh yeah must try their #MoMo, every time I go first thing I order is  Momo,whoever makes those momo.Excellent service, great food, friendly staff, amazing Bartender.  Will be back soon.
i have one word...ewwwwwhy did i trust my friend to pick a place? hahahaha, but if u don't try it, then you don't knowwe must of ordered the wrong things because the food was bland and did not taste well, i can't even tell what was special about this placethere are so many better asian restaurants than this, the outside looks interesting and the atmosphere is okay but the food was not, much more better options in this neighborhood
Beef momos are delicious, but not outstanding; had ones just as good on the street carts by Roosevelt and 72-74th streets.  But I love their sauces here, the heat is just right, and the food is definitely solid.!  If you're not sure what to go for: one must always try beef momos in a Tibetan/Nepalese restaurant. I also love the Shogok Ngopa (had the chicken and tofu-both satisfying) as a main dish, and I also always order the chicken choila appetizer (with tingmo, makes it pretty much a full meal).
I do not recommend this restaurant. We ordered the dheopa khatsa, nepali salad, laphing, sekuwa mushroom, and choila. The dheopa khatsa is inedible. It was described as beef honey crumb, but ended up being a chewy, gelatinous, spine-like mass of cartilage mixed with onions. The nepali salad is not a salad, but rather, a few sliced up cucumbers and carrots with a slice of lime. Not what you would expect from a restaurant. We didn't get the laphing because they messed up our order and instead charged us the more expensive gyuma, a blood sausage dish. Not to mention the food was all cold, because it took around an hour and fifteen minutes to deliver. The sekuwa mushroom and choila were the only things that we could eat. If you are thinking about ordering, don't.
A cool evening out can definitely be had at Himalayan Yak. The food is really good and there is such a variety to choose from depending on how adventurous you are feeling. There is a vibe here that makes for good conversation- between the hardware on the table, the menu and the documentary on the salt harvest that is playing on the tv's (with subtitles). I gotta say I was really impressed with the band that played (starts Saturday nights at 9:00). They only did two western covers... The rest of the songs (and they played for over 2 hours) seemed to all be traditional (from where? not sure). I can see bringing out of town or out of neighborhood guests here for an easy night.
Places like these make me wonder what I was doing for so long not going to Queens for food. Our waitress was great. She knew that we weren't Himalayan (it's pretty obvious) so she cautioned us about what's spicy. I started with the Nepali chai. I haven't had chai so good since I was in India. In fact, my memory has been so saturated with inferior chai that I had forgotten what good chai tastes like. For an appetizer I had goat Bhutan, which was goat intestine stuffed with heart I think. It was surprisingly crispy and not at all intestine-tasting. It was served with rice flakes, which I never had before but were also really nice. For an entree I had roti like I've never tasted before. This is not the West Indian stuff. The roti here was spongy and great with the sauce of the chicken that came with it. My son had some yak dish which he really liked. The meat was lean, it reminded me most of Mongolian beef but was still really different from that. For desert was green tea ice cream covered in rice flour. It was like dumplings stuffed with ice cream. Really great!
I'm new to the neighborhood and have already ordered takeout twice and had a sit down meal twice at this fine establishment. They have a full bar (bonus!), often have live music, and the momos are the best I've had in the area so far. Try the Nepalese Khukri rum, either straight or in one of their deliciously spicy cocktails. The spicy food is truly spicy and tasty and the sauces that come with the momos are delicious. If you're not into spicy food, try the thentuk chicken soup with pulled noodles. Comfort food at it's best. I've been here at 6pm with my mom and daughter who both managed to find something to eat on the menu, as well as with a party crowd after midnight. The Yak has something for everyone, depending on what time you come. Finally, I love the goblets that the water is served in, and the waitress I usually get and the ambiance are super cute. Go!
Having experienced the Nepali/Tibetan food near where I live in East Village and here, I can confidently attest that the food in Jackson Heights is better. Himalayan Yak is conveniently located one block off the F stop and takes only about 15-30 min depending where in Manhattan you are starting from.The interior of the restaurant is a little nicer than you'll find at Phayul or Himalayan Cafe, with a lot more seating space to boot. You'll notice a modern bar, TVs scattered across the dining room, paintings and a small candle on each table.Anyway, you came here for the food, so the prior points are irrelevant. The menu here is organized in a convenient fashion, listing the cuisine category (Nepali / Tibetan / Indian) and choice of appetizers/entrees. They also serve Yak meat (hairy goat like animal which tastes like beef) here too, if you're feeling adventurous. Had the steamed momos and some basic entrees. Momos were a bit on the dry side but tasted good--I tend to think it's a bit expensive at around $8-10 per set of 8 as they remind a lot of soup dumplings (which you can get dirt cheap in CTown). Entrees were not very memorable to me. The three spicy sauces on the table were a nice touch.All in all, I like the vibe of this spot as it is clean and spacious but I enjoy the authenticity of a place like Phayul more.
I only had the vegetarian and pork momos, it was really good, loves the sauces as well.
I came here with my sister last Thursday night at 7:45pm. We were seated upstairs. It was fairly empty when we arrived. After looking at the menu for a few minutes we made our order. We got the beef momos to share, I ordered the goat thali and she ordered the beef fried rice. Hungry and excited to try the food, we waited for over 30 minutes before they brought the momos to our table. It was slightly cold and not as good as I was expecting. They were dry and the dumpling shell chewy. For the price we paid for them, we could've gotten better dumplings/momos at a different place. Not discouraged, we hoped our entrees would be better. We waited another 30 minutes and by then I was getting frustrated. The patrons sitting by us also haven't gotten their food yet. They had ordered a few minutes after us. I was very hungry and antsy at this point. I suggest to my sister that we pay for our appetizer that we had already eaten and just leave. My sister said since we already ordered, they probably already made it and she didn't want them to waste the food. We waited another 15 minutes before they brought the food to our table. The goat thali was pretty tasty but the portions were extremely small for the price. I tried my sister's fried rice and it had a strong fish taste to it. I wasn't sure how to make of it.Overall I was highly dissatisfied with my dining experience. The atmosphere was very nice and I liked the water tins. However due to the slow service and the food, I could only give this place a 2/5. We won't be returning.
No Yak!You have to call and make sure they get their Yak Shipment which happens in the Summer and vanishes within a couple of weeks. So call call call call!OTHERWISE, their food is so fun to eat. There is a great vegetarian selection.
Loved this place and went with hubby for the v-day dinner. Maybe because it was valentine's day and lots customers lured in with groupons, including us, the service was very slow. We waited a very long time to order, and get any food. My suggestion is that they could serve customers some small appetizers to tide us over. Having said that, all the dishes we had were delicious and filling. We got the red snapper, goat with buckwheat, and some assortment on a plate I forgot the name. The videos they played on the big screen were very interesting and showcasing the typically TIbetan life. I learned a lot although I backpacked in Tibet for two weeks years ago.  I definitely recommend checking this place out. All the waiters are very friendly.
Let me start by fast forwarding to the end of the meal table talk. "Name your most recent food disaster to date." My answer was, now. My friends and I found this place on Serious Eats and curiosity immediately ensued because: what in the hell is Himalayan food?. We went sans expectations, only hoping to experience something unique.The menu was five or six pages of either Nepali, Tibetan or Indian hard-to-pronounce items with the most generic descriptions. Our server kindly spent ten minutes explaining the menu to us in great detail, which was much appreciated, however, she gave us a minute to look over our options and it took her what seemed to be a thousand years to return. We even had to flag her down! We ordered the Yak Momos and the Vegetable Momos (fried dumplings), Khasi Ko Masu (Goat Curry), Shogok Ngopa (chicken stri-fry), Shapta (beef stir-fry), and the Phaparko Roti (combination platter). Aside from our dishes also being on 'Himalayan Time,' they came out in the strangest order. Two entrees arrived first, followed ten minutes later by both appetizers and only after we'd eaten all of this did the final two entrees come. The dumplings were very flavorful and more so with the three dipping sauces. The three meat dishes were standard Chinese or Indian fare, not much in the way of spices or heat and the goat in the curry needed more cooking time. It looked like someone had already eaten the combination platter and after tasting it, I was glad there wasn't more of it. None of these dishes were noteworthy to say the least. If this is representative of true Himalayan cuisine I'd say you're better off ordering takeout from your favorite Chinese or Indian food place. At least you know you'll be eating within fifteen minutes of ordering.
Wonderful service, yummy food great decor- love the cups! :) Delicious dumplings and palak panner! Highly recommended.
We had an after wedding celebration there.  We ordered alu phingsha and it was tasteless coz they forgot to add salt and had more water in it. It was one of the item that I wasn't satisfied with. We ordered thukpa as well and it has so much soup in it. It wasn't the first time I encountered with such dissatisfaction. Hopefully it be better next time.
I have been loyal to Yak for more than 8 years by now, never have I felt the need to write a yelp review on how disappointing my night turned out to be. Madam, if you rush to take my order even before I was seated at my table, later get dumped with a pack of napkins and spoons, water bottles before my glass, all with a very not friendly expression of yours, it doesn't even come close to the service standard that you stopped me at the door for the 18% gratuity that you somehow felt you were entitled to. What we would generously accept is the fact that you letting us know that your kitchen closes 15 minutes earlier than what it actually says so we can have a non-rushed dinner somewhere else. A huge discomforting concern.
Great home cooked nepali food! If you want an upscale recipe do not come to this place. This place feels like your grandmothers very own recipe!
The food here was really good for the most part and I thought the service was fine. I did not care for the vegetable momos (should have ordered meat) but we loved the spicy yak dish and the goat curry with buckwheat pancakes. I would return here again for sure.
I was there the other day for the Sunday Buffett. It was horrible. The choices were few, and what was there was not good. I don't know if the menu food was good, as I didn't try. Above all, don't go there for the buffet.
Ordered food for delivery since the reviews were good. Our food arrived on time. The chicken momo soup and garlic naan were okay but the sizzler beef that we ordered was terribly burnt and overcooked that we couldnt even cut into the meat. It also had a funky smell to it. Im not sure how it was allowed to leave the kitchen its such a shame.  Even though we were given a refund, it is so infuriating how anyone could serve that kind of food and expect to get away with it.
Came across this restaurant as we were shopping around the Jackson Heights area. Cute interior, service was fast and the food was great! My appetizer was amazing, some sort of chick peas, onions, peppers, popadoms all mixed together. They were out of two of the items we wanted and didn't notify us until we ordered which is why I would hold off on the 5 stars. Overall, it was a nice place and I would recommend!
So... What is Himalayan food one my ask?I loved their dumplings but hated their soup.  Trust them when they tell you that the yak does taste just like beef.....I have been here twice and will try it again.... their drink menu is neat and I would encourage others to sample... One never knows what one might like....
Green sauce is a must on everything!!!Doesn't matter what you order... Food is good but the green sauce makes it great
Namaste.First time, after being myself in the US for a year.Heard alot about them and just used to pass by.Popped in 2 weeks ago on my day off with couple of friends,great Food,Decent bar and Nepali Bands playing.After that, i was jacked off, i dont remember what happened.Reminds me of my gigs back home....lol.Cant' wait to get to that same table in the corner again.But when, will happen soon on Friday nights  ! Love Foods there..Himalayan Yak Rocks.
Let's be real--any place that comps you a shot of rum for checking in on Yelp kind of automatically gets at least 4 stars.But honestly, the ONLY thing close to a disappointment in my dinner was that yak meat wasn't in season, so I had to "settle" for beef momo.  We had that, and phaparko roti, which is like a buckwheat pancake.  As with a lot of Asian and Eastern cuisines, here it's all about the sauce.  And the sauces are various and supremely yummy.The atmosphere of the place is super-laid-back, yet classy.  I love the metal drinking glasses.  Was a little distracted by the TVs in the dining room near the bar, but at the time Hiroki Kuroda was working on a no-hitter against the Mets so I didn't necessarily mind.  :)We'll be back.
Nice quality Himalayan restaurant in the heart of the Nepalese community in Jackson Heights, NY.  Had dinner here last night and clearly enjoyed myself.Started with an order of veggie momo.  Generous portion; however, they were a tad chewy.  Usually the dough is softer.  Took a lot of chewing but the taste was correct.  Some nice condiments were served for dipping the momos into.Then I had the traditional Dhal Bhat Tarkari plate.  My one issue here was that it was spicy.  I have traveled to Nepal 11 times and never had a Tarkari plate this spicy.  I typically would have sent it back but I was really hungry.  The flavor was awesome but they need to cut down on the spice big time if they want gringos like me to dine here.Ironically they made me a decent mojito.  Was refreshing and helped offset the spice.Will I eat here again.  Yes; however, I will talk to them about the spice beforehand.  And I won't have their chewy momos.
Authentic Nepali food with live music. Must haves - choila, sekuwa. The momos are good too. The music is bollywood plus nepali. All in all a grea evening guaranteed.
Nice environment and good food. Need to work on their customer service. Chicken lollipop was awesome and goat thali was okay.
One of my friends consistently craves food from Himalayan Yak so I HAD to make a trip up to Jackson Heights with her to check it out. She had spent some time working in Nepal so I trust her recommendations. I got the mushroom soup to start and sha momo (pork). my friend ordered what she called her usual--sha momo (chicken) and chicken thali. We also split a pot of masala chai (we learned to let it steep for a bit before pouring). Everything was delicious and didn't disappoint. I also get random cravings for momo and now I know where to go for juicy, flavorful momo.  Minus one star for the service. Our waitress never checked up on us after taking our initial orders. She also thought we didn't leave her a tip and  chased after us on our way out. It turned out my friend had signed the wrong credit card slip--the customer copy instead of the merchant copy. We gave her 20% tip which was much more than she deserved.
I've been here 3 times so far but keep on forgetting to leave a review. I've been here once for the buffet a few years back, once for the indian food, and last week to try some of the Tibetan food with my parents and boyfriend. We shared a vegetarian momo and my bf and I shared the tofu chilly and a Nepalese potato and black eyed pea dish. My parents shared a yak sizzler. The momos taste pretty normal but with the sauces they were really nice. I was a huge fan of the tofu chilly, which was really simple, it was just fried tofu in a chilli-garlic sauce with veggies. It would actually be pretty easy to recreate this at home, although here they cook everything perfectly, with the tofu the perfect ratio of crisp yet chewy. The nepalese dish tasted like Indian food, my bf liked this dish better than I do. My parents weren't thrilled with the sizzler dish-they felt everything was rather dry. The service was very good, water was poured for us and they gave me 25% for checking in on yelp.
For a meat-centric restaurant, the Himalayan Yak has pretty impressive vegetarian options. Most dishes seem to be Nepalese, with fewer Tibetan and Indian influenced dishes.They even have yak cheese, which a waitress informed us was unavailable and only offered in season. Which is very funny as yak is a male domesticated ox with horns, known for long shaggy hair. Is there a season when male can produce milk?  Sci Fi or a miracle of Chinese industrial occupation? Linguistics aside, everything we ordered - vegetarian momos, soup, noodles and assorted cooked vegetables were quite tasty; and the sauces were interesting. Just enough heat, yet not too spicy.The food seems home-made, as it takes 20 to 30 minutes to arrive. Which is a good thing (unless you are very hungry or in a hurry)The service is what stops us from giving 3.5-4 stars. Just as our food arrived, as soon as we took our first bites, the waitress rushed over and asked if she can give us a check, saying they are changing shifts. Strange request, especially considering that by that time, we have been waiting for our food for about 30 minutes. But ok, bring us a check.What we didn't realize was that not only she wanted to give us a check, she wanted to get paid on a spot. We tried to eat, but she hovered over us and requested an immediate payment. We had to settle the bill before we even had 2 spoonful of the meal. In addition she took the money, never asked if we need change and kept all the money we gave her, never gave us change. Kept a very generous tip, without even a thank you. If that was not insulting enough, she spent the rest of the time socializing at the bar with other workers. She ruined a nice meal for paying customers, and was too clueless to even notice or care.This was the most bizarre service we had encountered, especially in a restaurant that seems influenced by Buddhism, with beautiful Buddhist images and the portrait of HH the Dalai Lama.The restaurant decor is nice - notice the wood carvings and the entrance doors -  and the food is interesting, but given complete lack of good service, we would be reluctant to visit again. Maybe try Gong-Jong next door instead.
Nice atmosphere and decorations. The goat curry and chicken thali we had was delicious. Try the lassi too.
My Nepalese friend took me here to experience authentic food from his motherland and this place did not disappoint. We came here on a Friday night for dinner and we were started off with chicken lollipops. These were okay, but the sauce that accompanied it was marvelous. For entrees, we ordered yak momos,which were also just okay and damn expensive. Now, here is when things change. Our goat Thali and Chicken Tikka Masala came in along with garlic naan and our taste buds were in HEAVEN. The chicken tikka masala and garlic naan combo was the single most delicious thing I have ever had. One star off still for the extremely slow service.
I had the vegetable momos and the lentil soup- both were very good. The staff is courteous and the restaurant has a nice ambiance. Great for vegetarians!
Nice interior, didn't go upstairs but heard all the karaoke going on. Seemed like a place a lot of younger people might hang out on the weekends (especially since they have late hours).The food is much sweeter than I had expected. I had hoped for something more savory.
While nothing we ate was particularly bad, it wasn't outstanding either.  That, coupled with the fact that there are better Himalayan options in the city (Cafe Tibet in Ditmas Park, for example), means that we are unlikely to return.  They try to do too many things in one kitchen at Himalayan Yak.  For example, their menu has Nepali, Tibetan, Indian and Himalayan sections, all of which are regionally appropriate types of cuisine, but the options under each respective section are somewhat limited and favor towards the "this one is for the masses" offerings.  If you are new to South Asian cuisine and have no prior basis for comparison, then I think you will really enjoy this place.  if you are a more seasoned traveler and eater, than you'll be full and satisfied, but not impressed.
2.5 - 3.0For an appetizer, I wanted to try something traditional, so I chose the Samayabajee snack platter with buffalo meat.  Let me warn you, every item (except for the white flakes, the beaten rice) is extremely spicy!  This was the first time I ever tried a dish like this, but I assume you are to mix the variety of ingredients with the white flakes... Regardless, my taste buds were not satisfied.  The buffalo meat was cold (did not expect that and the meat was pretty tough/chewy) and the spicy flavor was too overpowering.  My favorite item on the dish was probably the crispy soy beans and the spicy radish/pickle.  My dining companion definitely did not enjoy this dish.  I tried to finish it but couldn't.  It was way too dry!  I don't recommend this dish.Chose safer options for our entrees.  We ordered the lamb sizzler and beef sizzler, which included a home made sauce served with noodle, broccoli, potato and carrot. The sauce on the meat was slightly sweet but tasted fine with the dish.  The portions were generous and the meats were tender and flavorful.  Would like to try out their Momos next time, but it was considered as an entree and we wanted something more filling for our entree.  We came with a groupon and the staff treated us well.  Our waitress was friendly and checked in on us and refilled our water when needed.
A Haiku for Himalayan Yak restaurant:Seven line food stopAuthentic and averageNo yak meat in sight
I've been here a couple of time off and on over the past few years. The food is regular Nepali/Tibetan fare.The main draw for me is the band which performs Friday and Saturday nights. They usually perform a mix of hindi, nepali and english songs (Beatles anyone?) and do an awesome job of it. I also love the decor and gorgeous himalayan art and carvings on the walls.I recommend that you reserve a table ahead on friday and saturday nights, as it can get pretty crowded.Foodwise ... the momos are always good and I love the `thalis' and Samyabajee appetizer.The drawback for me is the service. I was there on Friday night. The guy, Gyaltshen (?) who took my reservation, was lovely. However, our waitress ... not so much. I think she would have been happier if we were blond and blue eyed. The highlight was when we asked for sauce for our momo, and she impatiently said we could use the sauce from the adjacent table, where another couple, complete strangers to us were dining!!! My friend was like `did she just tell us to use their sauce' ??? and we had a good laugh at the thought of reaching over and appropiating their sauce.
this place by far has the best momos (Tibetan dumplings) I have eaten outside of Calcutta, India which has a huge Nepali population. I feel like I am at home when I eat here. I have introduced several people over the years and they are all addicted to it now. I have even tried to make this at home but it never tastes the same. the sauces with the momos are so yummy. I have tried several other items on their menu and all in all they are very very tasty. They do have a great live band on the weekends but beware not to sit very close to the band as the music can be way too loud to hear anything the people on your table are saying.
This is my go to place almost every Wednesday and Sunday, I live around the neighborhood and it reminds me of home. They have an extensive menu; Nepalese, Tibetan and Indian. Items I pick off the Nepalese menu without a thought; wai wai sadheko which is made from raw Nepali noodles which is a great appetizer to start with. It's tangy and spicy and yummy! Next off with the chicken lollipop, basically what the name tells you it's a chicken as a lollipop and a side sauce to dip it in, a bite of it and the juices flow. Drooling as I write! Most importantly the thali, it consists of vegetables, pickles, meat(of your choice or not), kheer(rice pudding) and rice. Want to test your taste buds? Try this! I usually come here for the food and the live band, a great combination. The interior will give you a sneak peak of our Nepalese culture. If you would like some cultural shock, do stop by. You might even see me by the bar sipping on my usual cocktails and obnoxiously singing to the songs!
I was excited to try this place because it sounded different and delicious, given all the rave reviews. However, the food was not tasty at all. Was it because we didn't know what we were ordering?My friend, sister, and I ordered the vegetarian momo (fried), the fish Thali, some fried small fish with this sauce, this tofu dish, and the goat curry.The momo was good. It tasted similar to the Chinese baos. It came with a variety of sauces that were tasty. The tofu dish, like someone mentioned, tasted like Chinese takeout. The fried fish was decent. The fish Thali consisted of several dishes that contained fish, veggies, lentil soup, and a rice pudding like dessert. I have no idea why I got fish. I guess I got it because my friend was a vegetarian. In any case, I believed the fish was tilapia, which is my most detested fish. I hate the taste of it because it tastes muddy, and my parents only eat it when my sis and I are not coming home for dinner. They actually had tilapia that night, so I was relieved to not be eating at home, but unfortunately, I encountered the fish that I had wanted to avoid. Sad. I felt that the dish was not worth its price given its small quantity of fish. I probably had two bites of fish and that was it. The lentil soup was way too salty, and the other small dishes were just meh. The goat curry was probably the worst thing I've eaten. It was tough, gamey, and reminded me of the rag that we use to wipe the table with. It was tangy in flavor, and smelled sour, like the rag. It was way too salty. It was not appetizing at all. I don't think I'd come back here. However, after reviewing the menu and reviews again, my sis and I were curious to try some of the other mentionables, such as the blood sausage, the boar dish, and other interesting sounding dishes. But we might try that elsewhere, since whatever we ordered that day were considered safe dishes, yet we did not enjoy the food one bit. So who knows how we will like the dishes that sound interesting.
The food takes twenty minutes to arrive. The momos (I'm vegan, had the veggie ones) were great. U get 8 pieces. They are so filling. My sister had the Tibetan tea, its butterd salty and sweet tea that apparently was amazing. Definitely going back sometime again.
Went here with a LivingSocial deal. The waitress was extremely helpful when it came to helping us decide on something new to try. The food was excellent! I recently started a new vegetarian diet so I was excited to see how many options they had in Nepali, Tibetan, and Indian styles. I had the Gundruk Ko Tarkari (a Nepali curry). I was so full but couldn't stop eating! It was very tasty. I will definitely be going back again!
Imma top n' bottom 5 this one in the name of efficiency.Top 5:1. They have Yak 2. It's 10 mins away from Wburg in a car3. They offer a Nepalese menu as well as a Tibetan menu4. It's really reasonable5. Whatever weird bread they serve is thebomb.comBottom 5:1. Yak as the consistency of my leather purse2. It's 45 mins away from Wburg on the train3. I made the mistake of making a scared face when they spoke of the spiciness, ergo, they made it with NO spicy.4. The food was meh sans spice.5. That's it.All in all, I think I'd like to go back and get the spiciness on the food. I think that will make a world of difference. I'll be back. That's a promise.
I thought goat was always tough -- not here.  It falls right off the bone and is outstanding, great flavor.  Watch out for small green chilis on your plate -- I foolishly ate this garnish and my mouth was on fire all the way back to Manhattan.
Holy sweet lord god almighty try the Laphing. The LAPHING on the Tibetan menu. You won't be laughing after you taste it. The texture of the mung bean jelly may be too soft but the SAUCE is the love child of Chinese Sichuan and Tibetan cuisine. The SAUCE took me back to the eastern Himalayas in one bite. It's excellent!Tip: eat this with a spoon so you get the jelly noodle and sauce at the same time. Drink plenty of water because there will be a 3 alarm fire in your mouth. Then ask for more sauce.For entree try the "Phaparko Dhendo" (I think this is a misspelling, it should be "Dhindo" according to Wikipedia), a popular dish in Nepal. It's been called the "polenta of Nepal" because there is nothing else in the Western world quite like it. The dhindo here is served with a side of vegetables with lentils, a side of some type of protein (goat, chicken or beef), and a small cup of spicy chopped and marinated peppers. Dhindo is made from buckwheat or corn flour mixed with water. It looks like (and actually is) dough. You eat it with your hand by rolling the dough into little balls and dipping it into the protein and vegetable dish or the hot peppers. It's a different experience from eating chicken wing or pizza, so thoroughly wash your hands before and after the meal so you don't unleash judgment day on your intestinal track. The dhindo is very hot, so be prepared for your fingers to burn if you have sensitive hands.
We have been coming here for several years now, so I will offer a cumulative experience with Yak. We've often referred to Yak as "our favorite restaurant." It has never been superior in any one category but with repeated visits there has come a familiarity, a comfort, an "our place" kind of feel, despite being "foreigners" to this culture and cuisine. We had our experimental phase, even feeling obligated to try the Yak stew (we cannot disagree with the chewing on a leather purse comparison). We came to settle on four items: Shabalay (used to be spelled differently on the menu), pan fried chicken momo, and the very British chicken Tikka Masala, always with a couple of plain nan. Over the span of time Yak has had problems with consistency on all levels. Once, we ordered the chicken lollipop and it was raw on the inside. Our usual safe and boring order has varied in quality, but is usually what we hope for. Service is usually pretty good, but at times we've had to wait, too hungry for too long. The servers are usually pleasant, but some of our favorite people are long gone. What keeps us coming back? For me, beyond the comfort of the familiar, it is the green sauce. They provide all tables with three small bowls of sauce. One of them is just plain nasty, the other is GF's (she can have it), Mine and all mine is the green sauce. it is made with vinegar and avocado and maybe green tomatoes and assorted spices. The result of this deceptively simple concoction is an irresistible, addictive tangy effect.  I slather everything with it and often beg for some to take home. If there was no green sauce which I have not been able to find anywhere else nor come close to creating myself, Yak would lose a star from my review and maybe a regular customer.
Pretty slow service, but really amazing food!!! We were there for two hours and really enjoyed ourselves trying a bunch of Tibetan and Nepali dishes. We highly recommend Paneer Pakora, the gundruk, the Bhatmas, the thalis and the Nepali Chai. But really, everything we had was great. There was a Tibetan ceremony upstairs too, so a lot of people in traditional clothing came by. We had a really good time and great food!
We came to Himalayan Yak last Saturday since I was craving Nepalese momos...lol. I found on yelp that this place has it. And it had decent reviews. The place is spacious and nice and dim with good ambiance. They take reservations on opentable.com too. :) There were TV's in there with sports on. For me, that's a little distracting since it seems like it could be a nice romantic restaurant. There were big parties in there too and it seems like people go there often.I had a bottle of Corona and tried some Indian beer called Taj Mahal, which was good.I ordered the chicken lollipops and the chicken momos. The chicken lollipops were really good and juicy and flavorful. However, the chicken momos were a little on the dry side and it is not the best I have ever had. I felt they could have been better. Maybe it was an off day. I would come back here and try it again since it is a nice restaurant in the heard of Jackson Heights near where I live.The service was okay. They didn't really check up on us or give us refills for water right away.
Being honest.... Not my type of food. (think people will either REALLY like or REALLY not like)4 of my friends went & the place decor was nice and very clean. Service was not bad.Food... Let's see... out of 4 of us, the person who ordered sizzling chicken dish that tasted very familiar to teriyaki sauced chicken had the best plate. Everything was a small reminder of chinese food you could get cheaper in bigger heaps. 2 of us ordered vegetarian dish and it was very small. After following reviews and waitress's recommendation to ordered Tingmo- white bread they make- and it was not as good as people said it was. (maybe my expectation was too high?)Overall, for the price, taste of food, and portion, I probably wouldn't go back.
Me and my fiance order take out from here, it took so long to get here I had to go pick it up! We paid 32$ for two small vegetable Indian dishes which were decent but not at that price and two vegetable kabobs. I'm never going here again!!
Having already eaten at various other Nepalese and Tibetan restaurants in the neighborhood, we finally visited Himalayan Yak. I can see why this is sort of a destination restaurant for people from other parts of the city who want to try Himalayan food. The decor and service is great, there's plenty of seating on two floors and they had a fairly decent band playing upstairs. Reasonably low prices, lots of vegetarian options and the food is pretty good. I don't usually complain about air conditioning but here it was so intense that the food got cold when we were about halfway through.
Its a cool place, and has a nice atmosphere with friendly staff. We ordered some sort of chicken and goat stew. I know they might be trying to keep it authentic, but small pieces of meat with random bits of bone are not cool. This is New York, and I'm a gluttonous American. I don't to waste time picking out tiny bits of chicken and goat bone from my mouth. It takes away from my dining experience. I don't mind bones on bigger pieces of meat, but this was just annoying.Do yourself a favor, order something that you will know doesn't have small pieces of meat.
With both Nepalese and Tibetan food, they have the Himalayas covered. This place is really busy on the weekends and deservedly so. The food is NOT just fake Indian, but includes dumplings and some nice spicy curry-ish dishes. The main dishes were all good. I didn't see salt-milk tea on the menu... a disappointment, and there was no Yak meat. The servers were knowledgeable, but seemed overworked-- and interchangeable. We never got the same person twice. --Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons
I thought it smelled really a little weird in there... It wasn't bad - just weird. The mango yogurt drink/smoothie was really refreshing! I tried the chicken lollipops as an appetizer and it was really good. The chicken was juicy and tender and their sauce was a milder version of Japanese spicy mayo. I had a chicken sizzler as the entree and it was disappointing. The chicken was overcooked and very dry but the noodles were crunchy from the hot plate which I liked. For dessert, I had the handmade pasta with sugar and cheese and it could have used more sugar because it tasted more like bland, cheesy pasta than it did a dessert. Although the food wasn't that great, the service was commendable. The waitress I had was always coming by and asking if things were okay and if we needed anything and refilling our tea and water. I don't think I would come back if I had a choice, but I wouldn't refuse to return if someone else wanted to try it out.
No Yak was available, which was disappointing, but we rallied and had other good items there. I enjoyed the Tofu Chilly and Beef Cheley - a hot dish sautéed with red onion and bell-peppers. If you're a fan of bread, which I am, try the thicker-cut loaf and use it to sop up the juice from your plate. Easily the most fun part of the meal. The wine and shot of rum I received (by virtue of a yelp promo) were decent, but nothing to rave about. Better to pre-game elsewhere.Update: The website does advise when yak is in season at the bottom of the homepage.
I have been to this restaurant a few times now. Let me start by stating that I like the Tibetan/Nepalese options that are available here. The prices are great and the staff is very attentive too. However, am really sad that I am having to bring out this nasty experience I had in the very same restaurant this last weekend. Its very apparent that Indian cuisine is not this restaurant's forte, and usually I do not visit a Nepalese restaurant with the intention of ordering Indian food. But, for this time, we ordered chicken tikka masala, for a change. Plus, they had this in their menu, so anyway. What we got was simply terrible! The chicken chunks tasted as if they were cooked a few days ago and kept in the fridge in between. The main complaint however, is with the amount of food coloring that was laced into that gravy. I used my hands to eat the food, and honestly, could not get the ugly orangish tint out of my fingers for a day or two even after numerous washes.To make matters worse, that food gave me diarrhea within a few hours, and am very sure, the food coloring used is the main culprit. I agree that usually, customers will not go for this dish in the restaurant but rather order the other Nepalese dishes from the menu. And like I said, I too, am fond of those delicacies served here. Having said that, if chicken tikka is listed in the menu, someone will order it someday or the other. And if that person gets the same quality of this item as I received, this is a matter of concern. And that is the reason I, unfortunately, could not rate more than 3 stars here. I sincerely hope that the owners take note of this and take immediate action to improve the quality of that dish. Or rather, take out chicken tikka from the menu .... am sure no one will mind that.
Terrible service - the waiters just jump on you every minute to try to get your order fast and force you to leave, very rude. Hated the whole experience. Momos are good but service was the worst.
A group of us went here about 2 months ago and some wanted to try the Yak, but waiter said it was not in season.  So some were disappointed.  I ordered 2 appetizers for my meal.  Chicken lollipop and pakora.  Both items from the Nepali side of the menu.  Both good, but nothing really authentic about it. It came with 3 dipping sauces and if it weren't for the sauces it would've been bland.  There were vegetarian/vegan choices as well.  The restaurant itself had authentic decor and we drank out of copper glasses.  Not a big place but can accommodate up to 60 or so comfortably. Service was good. There's a bar & big screen tv's hung on the walls.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here again.  Nepali cuisine is similar to Indian cuisine, but lacking in flavor or spicyness.  I favor the latter.
Delicious food, SLOW service.  Garlic naan - amazingMomos - amazingThenthuk - not anything like real thenthukLastly, there was roach that was crawling on the wall next to our table - YUCK!
We had Chilli Momos and it was great. Staff was very hospitable. I wouldnt recommend this place for veg options. Its Ok.
If you want me to yap about the anomaly of a yak in Queens, first thing that comes to mind is the Yak in Jackson Heights.I tried this Southern Asian food for the first time with a friend who absolutely abhors being a daredevil when it comes to food. Seriously, she got chicken on skewers that tasted like chicken teriyaki! Nonetheless, she's the one who thought of me when she wanted a second visit, and I was thrilled. What did I get? A round-tray ornament of excitement called Thali! Did I eat with my fingers? You f*ing bet. I licked my plate clean. It was the best new food experience I could ask for. I even tried some Bhutan [goat] and buffalo meat for the first time, which made my insides want to stampede for more.Momos are OK, but I got them upon recommendation from another person. Semi-disappointed in its chai, though. Very milky, not enough spice.FInally, the service was beyond accommodating. I returned twice more after this visit, and I am longing for the Thall as I type up this review. The spices and flavors were so fresh and distinct that I long for them and the comfort they brought to me on those nights.[P.S. Even my friend's Chicken Skewers were delicious.P.P.S. Later on, I found out that a Nepalese professor from my school frequents this place. Authentic score points.]
This place is simply delicious! I love the dumplings! : D I Recommend this restaurant  to everyone!
Thank you, Himalayan Yak, for accomodating a group of about 20+ hungry Yelpers on a Friday night!A few weeks ago, upon the realisation that I would not be able to attend the scheduled upcoming Queens UYE for Korean goat stew, I decided to, on a whim, create another UYE so that I could see my Yelper friends.  Jackson Heights was one neighbourhood that I had wanted to have a UYE, and so I immediately texted Jackson Heights expert Jocy C (yelp.com/user_details?us…) to ask for a recommendation.  Himalayan Yak, she said.Before posting up the event itself, I read a little bit about the restaurant first and became very excited that it served yak meat.  Unfortunately, when I went to have dinner there a week before the UYE, I discovered that they did not have yak meat at that time.  Their supply of yak meat is seasonal and they only get it twice a year.  I was disappointed but there were still many items on the menu that I was sure that most people have not tried.  One by one, the Yelpers arrived at the restaurant between 7:30 and 8 that night.  We occupied several tables put together in a row right across the middle of the ground floor.  I specifically requested seating on the ground floor because I knew that's where the house band would be playing.  Himalayan Yak's menu is sectioned into Tibetan, Indian, and Nepali dishes, and each of these three categories is further divided into vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes.  The restaurant is very vegetarian-friendly and has about as many vegetarian dishes as it has meat dishes.  Upon Helena H's suggestion, we pre-emptively asked our waiter to split the bill up into one bill per four people, so that it would be easier for us to pay.  Between Rafael D, Julia B, Kevin G, and me, we ordered chicken curry, goat curry, Gyuma (beef sausage), beef tongue, some hand-pulled noodles in a broth, and some tingmo and naan.  I know that's a lot, but a few of those dishes were ordered as a second wave of food.  We made an initial order and when we were almost finished with the food that came out, we realised we were nowhere near as full as Yelpers ought to be when they go out to eat.  I think I liked the beef sausage and the beef tongue the most.  The sausage was very substantial yet tender.  And the beef tongue was tasty and delicious.  The house band started playing around 9pm, and since I was sitting very close to it, it became difficult to have a conversation.  But that was OK, because after warming up with a few Nepali songs, the band totally busted out with classic rock songs from the Beatles, the Eagles, and Eric Clapton, to name a few.  And they were very good!On the food alone, I would give Himalayan Yak three stars, but together with the house band and the patient service it provided to a big group of Yelpers, I would give it a solid four stars.The event page:  yelp.com/events/jackson-…
Himalayan Yak was the first of many stops during a family day in Jackson Heights, so we only ordered enough to get a taste.We started with an appetizer sampler, samayabajee, that came with shredded meat, pickle, beaten rice, and soy nuts. The beaten rice was very unfamiliar to us; it resembles uncooked oatmeal and had a pleasing chew and took on the sauce that it came with.We could not turn down the wild boar sausage, which looks like a fatty piece of bacon.It was loaded with smokey flavor but had a bit too much fat on it for me.Momos were another must have, we ordered the pork version.With the doughy bun and juicy filling, Sister compared the texture and flavor to a soup-less soup dumpling, and I agreed.I hope to return for a full meal.
I should have taken notes.I went to my first Queens UYE here and sat with a group of 6 people (everyone else had to split with every 4, but our group was just gangster like that). I say I should have taken notes because after going out and drinking, here's what I remember:1.) Nearly everything is good.2.) Nearly everything is cheap.3.) Their mixed drinks are fairly bad.Beyond that, I can tell you that Momo's are extraordinarily fun to call by name when ordering, that the dish with tongue is fantastic, the app involving soybeans and chili peppers is quite tasty, and so are the curries. And then the band came in.And rocked my world.See, I never knew that what was missing in my life was seeing a group of middle-aged Nepalese men covering classic rock songs from the 60s, but curiously enough, that turned out to be EXACTLY what had been missing from my life. Not only were they good, and at times legitimately great, but the singer's vocals were spot in with the original singer's for a few of the songs. Hoorah for hearing Hotel California and a version of I Wanna Hold Your Hand that brought down the house.Go to eat weird parts of a hairy mammal domesticated in a rough climate in asia, but stay to hear the band.
We went to HYR on Friday night for a UYE (Our very first.  Thanks Radford and Jocy for organizing)!  Since our group was so large, we split the food/check with every 4 people and we had the pleasure of sitting with Nga and RIchard to split dishes.   While talking and meeting other yelpers was super cool, I wish for the food portion we had a chance to do maybe a special menu where we pay a set price and got to try a variety of their main dishes.  I really don't think I left with what a true taste of Himalayan food.Granted their momos (aka dumplings) were pretty good, their goat stew was interesting, butter fish was very well made, and their blood sausage which reminded me of a Korean dish very similar except this one was fried and the Korean dish is steamed.  By the way, the band was awesome. Overall we're really glad we went and will probably go again to taste some other dishes.
I absolutely love this place! Initially decided to try this place because a friend purchased an Amazon deal -$30 for $60 worth of food. Been back a many times after that. Reasonable prices and flavorful dishes. Unique ambiance, will be back for sure!
It's rare that you go try out a new restaurant with someone, and then the two of you have completely different experiences. That's pretty much what happened to me when I came with my Mom.Always eager to try something new, we decided to head over to tibetan yak and have our first taste of himalayan cuisine. I took a look at the menu, but had trouble picking a dish that appealed to me. The waitress suggested that I might like to try their buffet so that I could sample a variety of different things. I decided to go the buffet route, while my Mom ordered a goat dish.Her goat arrived and although she said it was very delicious and tender, it came in such a small portion that she was still hungry. She contemplated ordering something else while I sampled the buffet. EVERYTHING in the buffet was pretty awful. Chicken curry was bland, chewy and uninspired. The fried fish was cold and slightly soggy. The noodles, which didn't look too different from lo mein were completely greasy and tasteless. The only thing that was decent was the paneer and the dahl, so I grabbed some bread and made a meal out of it. I had my Mom taste a bit of everything I would try from the buffet and she agreed that it was pretty terrible.Maybe it was my mistake for getting the buffet to begin with. And I believe I was the last to have it since they took it all away after I finished eating. Even so, the waitress really never should have recommended it knowing it had been sitting out all day and that the food was cold and ready to be tossed it the garbage. Booo!!They still get 2 stars because my Mom enjoyed her goat, but I won't be returning.
My first time having Himalayan cuisine and it was pretty good. However, most of the items and sauces were a bit spicy for myself. My spice tolerance is low. The delicious mango lassi helped the heat. Aside from the spice, the chicken lollipops were delicious. I expected more from the garlic nan, a bit bland/saltless but I guess you are supposed to dip in sauces but they were too spicy for me so I ate it plain. Had the Yak momos, half steamed and half fried. Great to know we had the option. My first time having a momo and the meat was a bit dry/hard since the meat was so lean. Maybe I expected too much but I was not wowed. I do want to come back and try the chicken momos. We also had a sizzling plate with spaghetti and pork chop, probably mad a bad decision to have pork chop because it was super dry , the sauce gave it taste but it was dry and overcooked. Might try Chicken sizzling platter next time instead. The menu had many varieties.I will give this place another try in the near future. But I must say the service was great and I liked the ambiance.
Props to this joint for hosting a big group of Yelpers for a UYE on a Friday night! Because we were such a big group, we split the bill by every 4 people and the waiter seemed to have no problem doing it that way. On my table was Radford, Kevin and Raphael so with 4 people with big appetites, we ordered A LOT to share! No Yak though, I was disappointed. The menu is categorized by Nepali, Tibetan and Indian, which I thought was a great way of doing it.We shared the beef tongue, goat curry, beef sausage, chicken curry and some hand pulled noodle soup. We also got naan and some other bread thing (was it tingmo?).My personal favorite was the beef tongue. I only had beef tongue once in Russia so to have it cooked in a different and more flavorful way was great! The goat curry was really good although I felt there wasn't much goat to eat. The beef sausage was interesting, I thought a bit dry but definitely had an interesting texture as it's made with beef blood. The chicken curry was meh, it was bland to me. I like my curries thick and creamy but this one was rather oily. The noodle soup didn't really stand out to me but then again, I was so full that I had a little bit of it.The live band came on around 9pm and they sang in Nepalese as well as in English. It did make talking a bit harder though but we were right by the band.Their tvs were showing some documentary about the Himalayas and the Yaks so I felt I got a little educated on the culture. But I always find tvs in restaurants very distracting. There was a funny part in the documentary where a guy was chasing a yak, that made all of us laugh so much!I'll definitely come back and work through the menu. I really want to try Yak although I'm sure it'll taste like chicken.
The food is good but really inconsistent. They didn't honor yelp check in, said its good only before 6 pm. I thought that was a bit unfair. It should have been mentioned clearly.
I came here on a Sunday night with a friend. It wasn't crowded, but it looked like their was a private party going on in the second floor. The place is simple with a bar in the rear, some wall decorations and a flat screen TV. We ordered the steamed beef momos, shapta (Tibetan dish with sliced beef, red onions and peppers) and shogok ngopa (another Tibetan dish which included chicken, potatoes, spinach and red pepper). Both entrees were served with bread. The waitress also brought us over three different sauces: avocado, tomato, and hot sauce. Overall, the food was very good....it reminded me a lot of Chinese stir fry. The momos were ok. The beef dish was very flavorful and reminded me of the traditional pepper steak. The beef wasn't chewy at all. The chicken was also tasty....you can taste the garlic. The handmade, bread that came with the beef dish was better than the one that came with the chicken dish; however, both were bland (probably so it doesn't over power the meal). The sauce I liked the most was the avocado flavored,  followed by tomato and then the hot sauce.
I have been to this place several times and have always enjoyed the experience. We keep going back and dragging our skeptical friends because the food is so awesome! The menu is divided into Indian, Nepalese and Tibetan vegetarian and non-veg. So there are plenty of options for your more hesitant friends. I personally love and always order from the Nepalese section - the food reminds me of a cross between Indian and Chinese cuisine (though that doesn't do proper justice to the interesting layers comprised in Nepalese food). It's quite spicy but that makes me even more of a fan! If you go, do give the samayabajee (non veg or veg) a try - it's always a hit with our friends - a great intro to the cuisine considering you try crushed rice with several sides (comprising dried sauteed and spiced soy beans and other curried items).One more thing - the Nepalese band that covers Beatles songs and old Indian/Nepalese songs on Fridays and Saturdays is pretty awesome! They take requests and add a fun twist to your evening. Please do give this spot a try - you won't regret it!
I went back here again and did not like the food this time!!  My food was way too salty.  Also, they started serving their awesome chutney/sauces in plastic squeeze bottles now!  I dunno, that kind of killed it for me.
Not a bad place. Nice decor. Friendly staff. Food that stays true to their roots (and they have Nepli, Tibetan, Indian, and Chinese food). The fish chili was tasty but very spicy. They definitely have some interesting things to try here. I should mention that I wasn't the biggest fan of the chicken momo - the chicken didn't have the great texture and taste).
We went for the first time with my sister who had some good things to say about the food here - especially the yak momos.  So, needless to say, the one day we went, we were sad  since they were out of yak momos!!We started our meal with the mixed appetizer - liver, spicy chicken, bittermelon, rice flakes, crunchy beans. It was definitely interesting, my favorite on the sampler was probably the spicy chicken. For entrees, we ordered the Beef chapta which was delish and spicy.  We also ordered the vegetable thali also tasty - it's a vegetable sampler with a cauliflower/potato dish similar to something you would find in Indian cuisine, rice pudding, steamed greens, and a lentils dish.  We also tried a Nepali specialty- with goat curry, a doughy mixture, yogurt,  and liver. With our meal we got some kind of spongy bread which was interesting and a good starch to balance out some of the flavors from all the dishes.  I would definitely go back again, especially since I haven't yet tried the yak momos and update my review then.
Yum yum yum!!! Conveniently located just steps from the train, I came here with a Groupon for 2 dinners and 2 glasses of wine.  It was such a great deal because the wine was good, the service was lovely, and the food was fantastic!!!  Regretfully, I cannot remember what we ordered but I will say that both the dishes and the appetizer my friend and I ordered were really good!  We also loved the ambiance - the restaurant was clean, spacious, and tastefully decorated.  I would recommend this place for a date or a casual dinner for sure - we can't wait to go back!  Even without the Groupon, the prices were super reasonable!
Even  restaurant  looks like cozy for me . Food was insane to me delicious . Music also add charm and good vibes around it .MO MO was perfectly cook reminds me back to kathmandu . Other several dish I try also  perfect .price was reasonable if visit again NY then I will go for it .
They have all these great little side dishes. Tons of different tastes and flavors. There were some flaws in those flavors and I was not fulfilled. But it's a nice place worth a go.
A diamond in the rough Roosevelt strip of gay bars.My United Nations crew (dubbed because the five of us represent every major ethnic mix on planet earth) blended right in on a Friday night. We saw tables of Indians, white firemen types, Asians, hispanics- just your typical slice of Queens- all enjoying the Himalayan Yak experience. We waited for some indeterminate amount of time for a table at 9:45pm. Upstairs and downstairs, people looked like they were settled in for the long haul. There wasn't a hostess or maitre d taking a list so we kind of hovered in a spot at the base of the stairs, hungry and hopeful. A live cover band rocking a crazy range of music from Hotel California to Bollywood hits kept everyone entertained (and shouting to be heard). Finally a prime table by the window opened up and a waiter motioned us over. Settling in our thin mats on the wooden bench, under an America Ferrera autograph, we found ourselves waiting some more. First for the menus. Then water. Then a waiter. Then the food. Then the waiter with the check. It seemed our food was brought out in whatever order the chef felt like. One appetizer arrived after we were mostly done with our entrees. Strangely, when the check came there was a note to bring the food out at the same time- which we never asked for, and didn't happen anyway. But you can't get cranky because a magical zen aura envelops you as soon as you walk in the door, and when you finally eat the food it caps the incredible experience. The vegetarian momos were the most delicious steamed veggie dumplings I have ever had. I will be dreaming about those little flavorful pillows of amazingness. Yummy tingmo. Scrumptious shrimp salad. Passable veggie thali. The vegetable curry was weak and the mula achar was reminiscent of a green kimchi, but the yogurt was an excellent dip for the tingmo.Himalyan Yak is a unique adventure right off the 74th Street- Roosevelt Ave train station. Try to go when the band is playing- they may let you sing on stage with them.
Himalayan Yak is probably the oldest Tibetan/Nepalese/Indian restaurant in Jackson Heights.And this is a rather important fact, seeing how in the last 3-5 years, the neighborhood has seen a rapid influx of Himalayan immigrants.  And with them, new Nepalese/Tibetan restaurants have opened.I went to Himalayan Yak years ago for their Sunday buffet, which was good, but more on the Indian/Nepalese side. Nothing to write home about. Then the place closed down (for what I remember to be a long time) for renovations, and finally reopened.The menu at Himalayan Yak (still) holds its own to all of the newcomer restaurants (Shangri-La, Shangri-La Express, Family, Thakali Kitchen, Lali-Guras, etc). We started out with the Vegetarian Samayabajee, which was a sampler appetizer platter of radish pickle (mula achar), potato pickle (aloo achar), and spiced up soybean with beaten rice. What a weird but delightful way to start a meal! The beaten rice was dry and crisp, having more of an airy, wafer-light texture than that of rice. The beans were crunchy and chaat-like. When mixed with all of the sour pickles, I understood why Himalayans must crave this sort of sweet-sour "chatpatta" food.Beef momos were amazing, I mean truly amazing. Medium-sized wrapper, filled with a mix of juicy succulent meat. The momos tasted more like Shanghai-style soup dumplings than anything else. They are definitely better than anything you find in the momo's-to-go shops in and around the Roosevelt Ave. subway station. Don't miss out on these.We took chances with the other dishes. Ordered the Sadeko Bandel, which was described as sliced roasted wild boar served with lemon sauce dressing. It was more like a plate of fatty Canadian bacon, which is not a bad thing, but not what we were necessarily expecting. Also had one of the chef's specials of goat curry, fried goat bits (offal?) served with a side of dough and sour Indian-style pickle. The whole dish was definitely an experience, and I am imagining that it is pretty authentic stuff (seeing how when I traveled in the Himalayas, all I saw the locals eating was tsampa, or flour from roasted barley, stirred into a paste-like dough and eaten with pickles). Eat at your own risk though -- the goat curry was a bit gamey and the dough had an interesting texture. I liked it, but I wouldn't necessarily crave such food.To finish our meal, we had the salty butter tea, which is an acquired taste, but one that is becoming more and more palatable to me.The dishes are really solid at Himalayan Yak, and it is still probably the nicest, most user-friendly/cleanest Himalayan restaurant in Jackson Heights. Just because it has lost its initial buzz doesn't mean it should be overlooked.
Momo's, Momo's, Momo's....my love for momo's oh goes back..way back..back into time when I was in boarding school. We used to eat these Tibetan momo's with a special pumpkin sauce-the sauce was amazing! I've been seeking momo's for quite some time now, and haven't really found anything that I heart-until I came across Himalayan Yak. My Tibetan friend recommended this place, and now that we have a ride, a trek across the BQE and we're there. The momo's were amazing here-soft succulent, and just the right size! I saw that they had a buffet on a Saturday afternoon, which I would try any day. No pumpkin sauce sadly-but I would  go back either way-just for the Momo's delish!
I have gone here several times for dine-in's and take-out's.  Their selection is large, and surprisingly, a lot of their dishes were pretty decent.  To really put them to the test, we recently came here for my brother's birthday and had the largest group out of the whole restaurant (20+ people).  First, we ordered some momo's for the whole table.  Honestly, their momo's are part of the reason why I eat there.  We also ordered a few bottles of Nepali rum which tasted great.  It's a rum that's sweeter than your standard dark rum.  Had quick service once again, and the bill was very reasonable.   The reason why I give this place 4 stars instead of 5, is the live music.  Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love live music and the atmosphere it creates, but they play for a LONG time and most of us can barely hold a conversation.  Other than that, great place.
Too bad I'm allergic to spicey food....though that didn't stop me!! The food here is delicious!!! Wandered in here on a rainy night.....For appetizer: Samayabajee. A platter of assorted Nepali snack foods that comes with hot sauce though most of it was already spicey. The beaten rice was tasteless, like stale, dry, flat rice pieces. The spicey soybeans were yummy, crunchy with a slight kick, my favorite on the snack platter. The pickles were some sort of pickled vegetable with spice! Those were spiccceeey!!! The roasted chicken was okay...and spicey. The goat liver, stomache and intestine pieces were good! The liver was recognizable, and then there were fatty pieces which might have been intestine? Whatever it was, it was gooooood. Entrees: The Steamed Pork Momos that comes with dipping sauces!!! Oh my god!!!!! So juicy, so flavorful...and that green sauce!!! I could've drank it!!! I'm salivating just thinking of those Momos.....We also had the Himalayan Yak specialty, the beef blood sausages. Delicious.....especially dipped in that green sauce....Similar to Irish blood sausages.The ambiance is really nice, dark and cozy and quite beautiful. Service was nice but kinda slow. I want to go back.
I went there for a Lunch Special one day and for dinner with a friend another day.It was a great experience! The food here is great, and the menu offers options for every palate. As soon as you walk through the door a salivating aroma of aromatic indian spices hit you and your tummy starts to grumble.The momo was awesome. Honestly it a sign, if you can't get momos right then that does not bode well for the rest of the food that is to be served in a place. This restaurant clearly gets that.They lost a star for the long waits for food and the wait staff's impatience with my friend and I when we wanted to know how certain items were prepared. (not trying to steal recipies just wanted to know the heat level of some of the curry dishes).
Summary: if you enjoy "that" herb, this is the place to be.First the food: I went with a group around 8pm on a saturday, and one in our group was nepali. So we had him order a number of dishes, but if you're going to get just one thing for yourself, get the momos. Hands down the best thing we ate (though everything was fantastic). The flavors are bold and spicy (in that they have a lot of spice, in addition to heat). Definitely get yourself some naan with any curries, and a great masala chai to end the meal with. The music: I don't know if they have the same band every night, but the guys playing tonight were wonderful. The nepali (?) standards they played had a great dinner groove vibe to them, and they did a beatles cover (by request) and hotel california and really did an outstanding job of those two.I had a fantastic night, and can only imagine that if there was 'some' way to help taste more, or be even more into music, it would only amplify the experience.
Wonderful food and service. I loved the décor and live music as well. Definitely going back soon!
A year ago was my first experience at Himalayan Yak and I had a GREAT time, their Yak Momos were reminiscent of the ones I had eaten in Qinghai Province in China (very near Tibet). Unfortunately this situation did not last...On my visit yesterday I ordered some dishes that I think are staples:1. Yak-Momos - the first time I had these they were delicious and overflowing with juice as you bit into them. Unfortunately theyve gone downhill and many of the ones I ate last night were poorly put together and were kind of dry.2. Beef Shabakleb - These pancakes/buns are pretty good... not much decline in their taste, but when you have a fried bun and seasoned meat inside, how can you go wrong? Lol3. Bhaktcha Markhu - We finished off our meal with this desert whcih was described as a pasta desert. It was horrendous - while the concept was interesting it tasted like warm macaroni salad that was infused with sugar.Overall Ive had better experiences for Tibetan food and while I used to love this place for their dumplings, they are no more
Came here for dinner with a friend. Ordered a mango lassi and it was a bit watery compared to the indian mango lassi i usually get at an indian restuarant. Not too bad but just not what Im used to. Ordered the Chili Momos for start. The dough was really thick compared to regular momos. Not sure I would order that again. Ordered chicken curry with the bone in. Came with rice. The rice was good but the curry sauce was thin. I guess im used to thicker curry. My friend had beef shapte. It was like a beef stirfry with chili sauce. She liked it but felt it was missing something.The waitress was a little absent also.While this wasnt the experience I was expecting, i would try this again but maybe try to understand the options better.
Our Favorite place to eat is EVEREST HIMALAYAN CUISINE ; it has variety of  foods with fresh herbs  & Himalayan spices Nepalese /Indian/ Tibetan Cuisine  in Long Island near by jones beach . Without stoping at  (stop point) , you miss  the delicacies . It is located @ 2518 Merrick rd Bellmore ny 11710 . Before you plaining to enjoy at Long Island beaches, you must  try healthy and tasty dishes & Drinks for not to get hungry & thirsty while you enjoying at the beach. highly recommend these two place :New York metropolitan area  Himalayan yakLong Island New York Everest Himalayan Cuisine 2518 Merrick Rd Bellmore NY 11710everesthimalayancuisine.…
Totally worse and dirty place . Staff are so rude and don't know about the customer service. Very money minded.  Food are so cold and buffet are like garbage.  Doesn't have flavor. We had very bad experience at this place. .don't recommend anyone.
Mountains are pieces of land that should be flat but are not. Yaks are animals that should look like sheep but are not. Combine both of those things with the power of copious amounts of hemoglobin delivered in cylindrical shape and you end up with the culinary marvel that is the Himalayan Yak.Blood sausage is blood served in the shape of sausage. Yak blood sausage is blood sausage made with yak blood. What does yak blood taste like? Or, in what way does yak blood taste more yak-y than cow blood? Or any other animal's, for that matter? The truth is, regardless of the inability to distill the true flavor of a particular hairy animal from the compound mixture that includes rice and spices that sing in your mouth, the yak blood sausage that is served at this establishment is a truly special creation. Do not miss it, for if you do, the existence of yak in the universe would be a complete waste of genetic incubation-mixing-testing-experimenting that Mother Nature did over the eras.
I cam here years ago for the first time. The inside is beautiful and inviting. The menu is huge and authentic with everything from yak butter tea to dumplings. On the weekends they have live music. This place is such a wonderful representation of all that is great about queens. You should come here
We wanted to try something different so we came here for dinner. We were going to try the yak, but unfortunately it was sold out. We had pork momo, beef chow mein, lamb sizzler, and chicken lollipop.I love the Chicken lollipop. It was piping hot and tender and it came with a type of spicy mayo sauce.Momo seems similar to chinese pork buns. They were ok, but I feel like I prefer chinese pork buns(not the soup dumpling type). Beef chow mein was like cantonese stir fried chow mein, nothing special. Lamb sizzler was decent, the lamb was not as tender as I would like.We also ordered the butter tea based off the yelp reviews....I just have to say that it is very weird and its definitely not for everyone including me...(Imagine a salty milk tea)I would give this place another chance, but so far it is just average to me.
Abundant with so many delicious flavors! It was my first time here from finding it on the Yelp reviews while visiting NYC. The restaurant was spacious and decorated with beautiful Tibetan art. We ordered the veggie Thali., spicy momo, and garlic naan. As each bite spiced out pallets, Our colorful meal was enjoyed within the blessings of his holiness the Dalai Lama. Absolutely divine.
In this extreme heat wave, I felt it was best to trek out to Jackson heights to try Himalayan yak, which I had heard about from friends of mine. Most of my exposure to Nepali/Tibetan food came from eating at Tsampa in the east village which closed years ago and I still miss greatly. On top of being a huge fan of Nepali/Tibetan food, Indian food (usually Punjabi) is one of my top comfort foods since childhood. Himalayan yak has a wonderful and huge menu of traditional Nepali/Tibetan food and popular Indian dishes as well. I obviously had to order the paneer butter masala and the vegetable momos. The paneer butter masala was so velvety and smooth,I was so in love. Although usually I always get paneer tikka, this was just as delicious. I wish it was spicy, but hey, who cares it was so good. Honestly, I was scraping the bowl with my tingmo (bread roll) and spoon. The momos looked beautiful and came with three sauces. The dark red had a strange tang to it of some flavor I couldn't identify but I didn't like. The green cilantro sauce was good, as expected. My one downfall with the momos were that they had potato in them. I didn't even read what the veggie filling consisted of, but for any kind of momo/dumpling/ravioli/anything wrapped in dough, I only like potato if that's the only filling and if it's fried. However with a vegetable filling, I prefer only vegetable and steamed. So I was slightly disappointed. These were still very good, but not what I craved because of the potato. I was hoping they would have more of a veggie crispness that the momos at Tsampa had, or more similar to steamed vegetable dumplings. My friend had the chicken momos and a chicken soup and loved them both. I will most def be dragging myself back to Jackson heights to Himalayan yak but maybe in the colder months when I can try more of the hot dishes to warm me up.
3.5 stars :DI've been dying to come here for weeks now and I finally made it out here.  Unfortunately, I was feeling under the weather, and had just suffered some crazy motion sickness so I was really looking forward to some food!I ordered the Charred Lamb ($6.5) which was served on top of "crispy rice".  Honestly, wasn't a fan of this dish.  I didn't really enjoy the "char" on the lamb, it was a little too charred for my liking.  Also, the crispy rice was sort of like a rice crispy texture and it just didn't do it for me.What really saved this meal for me was the Beef Momos ($8).  This was my first time trying momos and I really enjoyed it! The first bite was scorching hot and all the juices flowed out aha so be careeful! The dough was soft and the beef was a little firm but had some flavor to it.  They also gave you a side of 3 sauces and what ever that green sauce was, I showered everything I ate in that.  It was creamy and tangy.Honestly, I gave them 4 stars because my stomach felt a million times better after eating here.  So I will definitely come back for more.  Maybe to try some of their other popular dishes.
The interior in this place is gorgeous. We took a whim and just went inside this place after much debate. Honestly I'm not familiar with Himalayan foods so I ordered the same as what my bf ordered - Chicken Thali. I love the presentation! There's soup, veggie curry, some greens, your chicken, three sauces and rice in the middle. However, I only found myself enjoying just the chicken and rice. Soup was ok and curry smelled weird. The sauces were just spicy, exotic and sour. Maybe I'll come back and order something else! Something weird but I'm not complaining too much, they asked if we could pay before we even finished but that we can stay for however long as we want. When they set the check on the table I thought we could put our card like just at least 5 min later but the guy came after just a minute and said, ready? So.......... yeah. 3/5
The light in the restaurant was kinda dark like bar.. food was ok but for me the visual of the food looks like street food.. which is not very pretty and doesn't look yummy. I don't mean the food was not good.. but looked.. a little like that. and the serving lady was nice. Overall OK place.
I couldn't say anything bad about this place if I tried. We had an amazing experience from the moment we walked through the door and were greeted by multiple people with great smiles.We had the most friendly, fun, and charming waitress named Raksha. She helped us place an absolutely delicious order of beef Shapta, Phaparko Dhendo, and Momo. Everything came out cooked perfectly, at just the right temperature and Raksha made sure we had everything we needed for an authentic experience. Can't wait to come back!
The food here basically is perfect mixture of Indian food and Chinese food. Me and my friends ordered almost all the signature dishes and different momos on the diner menu. I like the pork momo a lot. It's super juicy and almost tastes like soup dumplings. But the skin is thicker which gives the dumplings more chewy. The restaurant has lots of vegetarian options and they are also super tasty. The dish that has stewed lamb could be better. The lamb wasn't tender enough. I would come back and try other dishes one day.
This was my first time trying Nepalese food. It was enjoyable and authentic. The sauces on the tables really stood out!
Went here a year ago, pretty memorable so I thought I'd drop a review.Came here on a whim, felt like eating something different (Was going to eat Thai food but the place was packed) and there was some sort of a Yelp discount. I've eaten Tibetan food before so I knew this was going to be similar. I got the Daal bhat tarkari and Samayabajee which was perfect for two people.Let me warn those with a low spice tolerance that this food has some kick to it. I loved it but my girlfriend was dying lol. But she kept eating so that's good right?The daal and samayabajee dish are super interesting since they serve everything on a platter so you can kind of mix and mush everything around, building different flavors together to your preference. I wanted to get the goat dishes (i love goat meat) but my gf was not a fan so we ended getting chicken for both dishes. The spices they use are unique, I think they are pretty heavy on the coriander and its definitely not something I would taste in other cuisines.The Samayabajee dish is more of an appetizer with radishes, soybeans, marinated meats and beaten rice. This thing was freakin spicy. Like it needs a warning label spicy lol. I truly enjoyed it but watching my poor gf eat this in pain made me feel really bad. Still funny doe.The daal bhat tarkari came with "rice, daal (lentil soup), two kinds of vegetables, papad (Thin crispy wafer), aachar (Traditional Nepali potato and radish pickle made with ground tomatoes, ground coriander, garlic, ginger and spices. It's quite spicy) and house special dessert (House-made rice pudding topped with almonds, walnuts and raisins)." Yes I copied that but I was gonna type it anyway lol. Everything tasted good but it didn't blow me away or anything. This dish was spicy as hell too but the rice pudding kind of put the fires out of our mouths. Again, this is not for spice noobs, you were warned.Prices are good, I'd come back but I would tell them to chill on the spices...
Got the steamed yak dumplings and they were really good.  I got the cauliflower curry and it was just mediocre.  But, it was a cool experience.
Great ambiance but mediocre food. The bar and live band are cool though.
Based on the food alone, this would be a 1 star review. Not to say that the food was bad overall, but it was not tasty to our palates. With a group of 5, we still didn't find any item that made us want to come back. We had yak sausage, which was basically blood sausage. It was mushy and lacked real flavor. There was no crispness that one would expect from sausage skin. We also had goat curry, which had a extremely strong goat smell. The goat smell had overpowered the curry and made it hard for us to enjoy the curry broth. Only redeeming item to us was the beef momos. Full of beef and nice thick skin. Good flavor in the beef and quite filling pieces. This restaurant's cuisine just didn't match our palates, unfortunately. We most likely won't come back but that's just a matter of preference.
I came here because I was very excited to try their Momo. I was disappointed as I was met with uncooked chicken with flavorless insides, and the wrapper was unnecessarily thick and even too hard for steamed Momo. Their goat curry was also greasy and tasteless. I felt nauseous afterward, despite being a Nepali myself and stomaching the goat grease for years. The chicken sizzler was yummy, but it did not make up for the rest of the disappointing food. I would not recommend.
Nice cozy restaurant. They really try hard to set a chill vibe with the dim lighting and live music during dinner. Started with chicken lollipop. Pretty standard flavor, with a nice crisp to it. Also had the goat bhuttan, easily the better off the two appetizers. Liver, intestines, etc diced and fried with onions and herbs till they're all really really dry. Great flavor with crispy texture of the veggies and soft meat. This dish has been a must order for me every time i come here. Fried momo vs steamed momo, go with the steamed. Try the yak momo at least once, good flavor but meat itself is waaaay too lean and dry. Stick with the pork (fatter, juicier) after trying the yak.Had the Nepali platter once. Enjoyed the side dishes immensely. But some main items like the doughy chewy thing must be an acquired taste. Wasn't digging it much. Goat curry and chicken (though chicken meat a bit dry) masala are great. Sauce flavor slightly better than meat imo. Great for dipping the naan in. Naan definitely prepared excellently here, really hot and buttery. Service is friendly. Never had a single complaint here.
Food was great. Went on a Monday night for dinner and they hand the live "band". Nice atmosphere. The pork momos were absolutely delicious. Great spot
I've live literally within 6 blocks from this charming little place and this is my first ever visit.  I ought to come back more often.  I love the decor, it's very soothing.  Came here with a good friend of mine for lunch.  We ordered a bunch of different items since it's both our first time at a himalayan/nepalese restaurant. We ordered the beef momo, thali goat, chicken lollipop and some fatty pork dish I forgot the name of.  To be honest, I only really really enjoyed the chicken lollipop.  I'm not much of a pork or goat person, so I can't be the judge of that, but my friend liked it. To me, the beef momo was very dry, but I'm not sure if that's normal, since I always have the Chinese shanghai dumplings that are just full of broth inside. So I wasn't used to the momo.  I absolutely loved the chicken lollipop, it was fried golden crispy, theres a crunch with every bite and it tasted so yummy and flavorful.  I will be back again to try other dishes.
Bring the whole crew to party at this restaurant. The food is delicious and drinks drinkable. However, I would advise against getting the 'national dish' of onions and cheese sauce, it was supposed to be very spicy but instead fell flat on my taste buds - bad batch of peppers?
Nothing but praise for the appetizer sampler the waiter recommended.  Beaten rice, like a savory version of the Snap Crackle Pop name brand cereal, was an interesting substitute for regular white rice.  The crispy fried soybeans with garlic were addictive.  The chicken kebabs were off the charts spicy.  But the best part was a kind of offal hash of beef heart, liver, and stomach.  The richness of the liver and the chewiness of the other organs just worked.As someone who loves offal, and liver most of all, I keep waiting to find a blood sausage to love.  This was not the time.  Fried fish were the disappointment of the evening.  When a fish isn't fried enough, it gets oily and mealy.  And the tiny bones that normally become cracker crisp go from pleasure to hazard.The wild boar was like a wonderful gamey bacon.  It makes you wonder why we ever bothered to domesticate the pig to make it taste less like that.The beef tongue and beef chilly reminded me a lot of the cumin and tumeric spiced Chinese food I had in India.Some missteps, but such a huge adventurous continent-spanning menu that I'm convinced has other exotic treasures.
I drive from Northern NJ to go eat the pan fried chicken MOMOS here,, Worth spending all the time in traffic !!! They need to play a new documentary on their tvs tho .. Ive learned about Himalyan Salt a few many times !! Only draw back if any is the momos take time to prepare, so its advisable to call and place the order when you leave your home so by the time you get tehre its fresh and ready !!
The best momo place in the US. I just love those juicy chicken momo they serve here. The thukpa is the same, it is just awesome. Every time i am in NY, i have to satisfy my taste buds with the Himalayan yak food.Last time i was in NY had to attend an anniversary party and where else but in one of my favorite eateries. The food was just as i would prefer, first they served an appetizer, the traditional same baji, with fried small fish and pakoras and baji. The buffet dinner also had momo my favorite. I just love this place and thank you for bringing traditional nepali food here.
I have eaten here couple of times and I always walk out with a smile. The ambience of the restaurant is very vibrant and I feel at home sometimes when Im there. If you're a fan of Tibetan and Nepali food, this is must for you. I'm definitely coming here when I drive up to NYC.
I might have a new favourite meal - sha balep. They are Tibetan beef patties. It is somewhat similar to a samosa or an uzbek mantu. It is essentially ground beef with spices, encased in dough and fried. What's not to like? The dish comes with 3 different sauces. Big portion too, and I ate all of it.
I craved Indian curry and my frd brought me here. it's the first time I've ever been to a Tiibetan restaurant, and I love the atmosphere. it's very Tiibetan feel with their decoration and water cups!! As for the food, we had the lamb curry, grilled salmon, a chicken appetizer(forgot the name), some garlic nann, and mango lassis. It came with little trays of 3 sauces, not sure if its for the chicken or nann, but I love the green sauce!! The curry is not what I had craved, but after all is not an Indian place. But everything else seemed pretty good. The food is not amazing, but is quite good if you want a change.  I would come back again.
This place has a cultural feel to it which I am a fan of. They have tv displaying videos of their culture and yaks. We started with 3 appetizers. We've had the papad masala-I think we had the choice of non-spicy or spicy and we chose spicy and it was crazy spicy. I love spicy foods but this was just too spicy. Next time I would order it non-spicy. We had yak momo which was ok. It tasted like ground beef (many would disagree) and I am not a fan of beef. Also had the chicken chilly with chopped up peppers and onions-this was good and wasn't too spicy.Next we ordered the yak shapta and the nepali goat curry with rice. The yak again ok to me. My partner ate up most of that dish. A side a bhakey bread comes with the dish and it was surprising yummy. The goat curry wasn't spicy as I had expected it to be but was enjoyable with the rice.We ended up packing most of the food to go. We also ordered more bhaley bread and some desserts to go. We ordered rice pudding-this didn't satisfy my sweet tooth at all but it wasn't bad. We also ordered this sweet pasta dessert. I've never had pasta for dessert so it was a definite try for me and it was ok. It was cooked pasta with a sweet coating and cheese. It also didn't satisfy my sweet tooth.I would come here again to try other things from their menu. My partner would probably order the same things. He just gulped down everything as soon as we got home.
Go only if you are a huge fan of Momo's. To try Nepalese and Tibetan food, this is not the right spot. I am Nepali may be that is why I am over analyzing but my Boy Friend who is not Nepali did not like a single item on the menu. The Beef was so hard to bite and the chicken/Gundruk Chicken was all bones with no Gundruk Taste. Hmmmm may be I should open a Nepali restaurant. Joking!!!
Made a trip into Queens to visit this restaurant and tried a slew of dishes, deliberately trying to avoid Indian food since I was hoping to try something new. Two friends and I split an order of 8 steamed beef momos, beef sukuti (really tough, and I found it difficult to eat), a tingmo (bun that was pretty good), and some sort of spicy beef dish, the gyuma (sausage, a little dry but fairly interesting and tasty--probably the most unique dish I had there), along with probably some other things that I can no longer remember/probably couldn't name, even if I did. Overall, the meal was pretty good, although a lot of it was fairly similar in taste to someone common Chinese dishes, including the momos and tingmo. The drinks weren't anything special, but the service was nice and helpful. I probably wouldn't make a special trip out here for another meal, but I wouldn't mind eating here if I were again in the area.
"Grade Pending"I pondered the sanitary inspection grade and its implications - did Himalayan Yak get a B? Or a C? Or did it fail its first inspection?  Well, I thought, pretty much any Asian restaurant, especially tasty ones, would get a fail on its first try, so I went in.I didn't really know what to expect at a Himalayan place, but I was very surprised that most of the food was spicy.  I told the waitress to recommend two dishes and an app, and she came back with some dishes I haven't had before but liked.  One was a spicy beef dishes that looked like stir fry but tasted like fire.  The dumplings though look like Chinese xiao long bao but tasted like potatoes, and I would probably skip that the next time.  The prices were cheap for most dishes.So do I regret eating at a grade pending restaurant?  Well, I had plenty of time to ponder this as tried to sleep on the porcelain throne but I think I'd be back to try more dishes.  I think it was the spices that killed my stomach, but it definitely added some worthwhile flavor.
Love the Ambiance of the place. Nice, peaceful and nicely lit. A very relaxing environment! Anyhow my girlfriend and I first ordered the Macha Tareko(appetizer)Deep fried fish marinated in mixed house spices. Delicious, I tell ya!! First of all quantity was great. The fish was glazed with an orange curry sauce which was a little sweet and spicy. The flavors were not overwhelming and was simply very good. Since the fish was filling we only had one main course which was Gundruk Ko Tarkari. A Typical Nepali curry-Spice dried fermented, dehydrated vegetable and potato served with rice. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. I have no clue what spices were in it, but DAMN!! the spinach, gravy, potato was bursting with flavors of Indian/Nepali spices. I took my time just so I can cherish this euphoric moment!! Seriously a must have. btw.. it is staple meal in NepalAlso the Momo's are good!
Fellow Yelp Elitist Tracy M and I met up for dinner at Himalayan Yak because we really wanted to have some yak. How often can we do so and they only have Yak certain times of the year. Unfortunately, we missed the yak, so we settled on other Himalayan treats like momos (so good!) and curry. It was a mostly enjoyable meal. I can't say the dessert we selected was as good as everything else we ate. I forget what it's called, but it was pasta with sugar. It wasn't really sweet; in fact it was bland-tasting. Also, we had to wait like 20 minutes for it to come out. Not really worth it. Other than that, we had a tasty dinner. One day, we'll be back for the yak.
I've only been to Himalayan Yak once but am definitely looking forward to going again.  I've only tried Tibetan food once before and wasn't very impressed.  However Himalayan Yak has certainly changed my mind about momos!  Went as part of a foursome so we ate family-style in order to try as much as possible.  We started with the yak momos and it was delicious. We also had the goat thali, fried meat patties, the cellophane noodle soup, and a veggie tofu w/ tingmo dish.  The latter was the only weak dish, but that's because it was a generic stir-fry dish, but still tasty.
Awesome service. Decent food. Free shot of himalayan rum, or something like that. g00d t1m3z
I have been here twice... nan: perfect, dishes: very tasty. I don't like the water they serve... might be that it tastes bad because of the cups.  It makes me wonder if they use the same water or they are as clean as the water tastes...Its sort of loud... dark... mmm maybe they try to create a romantic ambience?Its just ok... try tibetan its great food!
Very cool environment, from the decor to the live band. The Yak is known as the pioneer for the myriad of Tibetan and Himalayan restaurants sprouting up.They are open late and do have delivery, albeit not the fastest, but solid enough to get the job done. A must try is the potent Choila, a complex mix of ginger, chilies and other delicate Himalayan spices. I highly recommend going with the buffalo - as the chewy consistency goes well with it and besides, why not go with the more unique option? The momos are solid, as well as the veggie samplers (you really can't go wrong with any of them, depending on your individual preferences). The tingmo is an interesting steamed ball of dough that is perfect for sopping up the spicy remnants of sauce, albeit extremely plain on its own. I was a bit disappointed that the yak wasn't available, despite reading an article to the contrary just a few days before going. I look forward to trying the namesake dish, regardless of how infrequent that its available.
This was kind of a weird thing.  I had passed this restaurant a number of times on my way to Renee's Kitchenette and, though my friend said it was great, had never gone inside.  Then I continued my Columbia University experience by going to grad school where I met the brother of the woman who owned half of the restaurant.He took us there one night and I thought everything was very delicious, but very different from other cuisines of the region.  It's certainly a trek from Manhattan, but is probably as authentic Tibetan as it gets.
The blood sausage was unlike anything I've had before. Tongue was very good, but how could you ever go wrong with tongue? And the momos.. good, but they didn't wow me. Overall, I liked it & plan on returning for Yak tongue.
The food was great, impeccable atmosphere and service. Very reasonable prices. We really enjoyed watching videos of their homeland on wall mounted TVs . Will come again.
My husband and I live nearby and passed this place a million times without ever thinking of going in.  We purchased a groupon to try it out and it was AMAZING!  Great food, very friendly servers- they did not treat us differently because we had a groupon which sometimes happens.  We will be going back because there is so much on the menu that we have yet to try!  I highly recommend the noodle soups and the friend chicken app...delicious!
I arrived here completely prepared to fall in love, but unfortunately the experience was only so-so.  I ordered a tofu dish (perhaps that was my mistake) and it tasted like something that could have come from any decent Chinese restaurant.  Even though I asked for it to be very, very spicy, it was barely spicy at all.  Everyone else's food was okay as well--nothing great.  The band was fun, but not worth the trek to Queens.
Great little place. Menu is a mixture of Nepalese, Tibetan and Indian items and everything we tried was very flavourful and, for the most part, quite spicy. Both chicken and vegetarian momos (dumplings) with 3 different dipping sauces were fantastic, as was the chicken biryani. Make sure to try something that contains flattened rice, a Nepalese specialty. The only clearly disappointing item on the menu was the fried ice cream we got for desert, but, otherwise, the dinner was very good. Definitely coming back here again. Price is another plus - $150 (including tip, no drinks) fed 8 people. P.S.: music is on 5 days a week at 9 p.m. but we didn't stay long enough to hear it. Place starts to get crowded around 8; we started our dinner early at 6 and were the first party at the restaurant.
This great restaurant has Tibetan, Nepali and Himalayan menus.  The atmosphere was really lively when I was there, lots of people out having a good meal and there is a full bar.  The steamed Yak Momo were delicious - super juicy with a herbed meaty flavor.  See the full Momo review at dumplinghunter.wordpress….
One of the fav place which I do not miss whenever I visit NY. Great food, nice environment and live band make the night so wonderful.
I went here trying to find a cuisine I had never had before and the attraction of a meat I never had before in yak convinced me to come. I went with two friends and we started with the momos which were pretty good. We also had wild boar which was great. One of my friends and I both had the same yak dish for the entree which came in a savory sauce with vegetables and was superb. Our second friend had a dough and goat curry dish which wasn't as good but definitely interesting. The overall atmosphere was very relaxed and enjoyable. Highly recommend.
Love this place! Authentic, affordable, healthy, and delicious. Plenty of vegetarian options. It's located in a high-traffic, hustle and bustle area of Queens, but when you walk in, it's like you have entered another world. Definitely check it out. Yum!
Been here a few times. It's always a good meal and I love that the menu has such a variety.FYI they sometimes have a band. The music's goo but if you're trying to have a conversation during the meal it could get difficult.
Tibetan...Nepalese...Indian Cuisines.......A  trio of different cuisines represented in their extensive menu.  I came here for the Tibetan food since I already had the other two.  My husband being  Indian I had mastered the art of all kinds of curries....Nepalese on the other hand was introduced to me by an old friend in the 80's.  She use to make Aloo Tama (Potato, black eyes peas and bamboo shoot) and Joghe Tartari (Mixed veg with hot sauce)  and Kikhura Masu Ko Jhol (Chicken Curry) Very tasty and delicious. A very ornate door greets you as you walk in.  Inside more delicately carved wooden frames hanging on the wall and so are the sidings of the bar and the area of the band.  I assume there is one playing in the night as there were all the instruments and microphone neatly sitting on one corner. The staff all pleasant and attentive. A buffet was on the left corner ...some dishes almost half emptly...it was almost 3:00  in the afternoon anyway.  I choose to order from the menu.  Camille had the buffet.  It turned out to be a disaster...She did'nt like it...she only like the Paneer...I happen to taste whats in her plate and  most of it  are terrible including the dessert!!!...Can't figure out the taste...At least .I was happy with mine...Goat  Stew cooked in some Spices ...very delicious sauce.  The problem was the portion was so small ...I was still hungry after I finished it. ....To sum it up,  .I guess if a restaurant is offering  more than one cuisine there is a chance that they must have mix up the taste......just wondering..
a nepalese friend brought a group of us here recently on a friday night for dinner. the place was lively and the service was decent. they were on point constantly checking on our water. the chicken lollipops were pretty good, although i'm not sure that's authentic in any way.. our friend also ordered some dumplings, which i wasnt that big of a fan of since i'm used to my dumplings with thin skin, the thinner the better.. needless to say the dumplings here had thick skin, and im not too sure the filling was that great either. my fave dish of the night was by far the chicken tikka masala. sooooo creamy, coconutty, buttery, yumyum. its really tiny so please don't try to share because everyone will have only ONE small piece of chicken! the sauce was delish and i wanted to drink it with the rice! too bad we didn't order more! i'd come back and give it another try, hence the three stars.
I went to Himalayan Yak today and they didn't have YAK!!!! I was disappointed but it didn't affect my opinion about the place (However they have Yak during summer months). When you walk in you will dim lights and the big screen TVs playing Nepalese TV (according to my waitress the most popular Nepalese channel in the world).  Per our waitresses suggestions we ordered the following - and i'm not going into detail because everyone else has already done that:- Vegetarian Samayabajee (Nepalese plate) - Excellent... Actually, the cute waitress who was Nepalese recommended this - it was very similar to the Thali goat, except without meat.  The dried rice flakes (which the waitress explain are cooked, smashed,then dried) were really cool, and fun to eat.  The cooked soy beans were amazing!- Tibetan Tea - I've actually had a variation of this in a Kyrgyz (Sp?) village in Xinjiang, excpe they used yak milk. I love the salty flavor of the tea.. Definitely worth getting a pot of this. - Chicken Momo - MMmmm.. Dumplings.. So good, and the green sauce they have (which they don't serve unless you ask for it - but our waitress hooked us up) is soooooo good.- Thali Goat - This was really good, with the random fixings, pickled radish, etc... So, this being my first experience eating nepalese/tibetan food - was great! To sum it up - really cool ambience, great food, awesome presentation and very cute waitresses is definitely worth the trip out to Jackson Heights!
Bean jelly (Laphing) was very good, with a pleasant texture and fresh acidic taste; very spicy. Many 'locals' there, bringing the entire family, which makes for a very, yes, authentic, experience. Boiled como(?), a sampling of the tibetan and nepali  menu all went down very well, e.g. Gundruk Ko Tarkari (dried & fermented vegetables)  and dumplings.
Awesome food.  Excellent spicy Nepalese and Tibetan food. We started with samayajabee and drowned it with bocha. For the uninitiated, bocha is tibetan tea which I think needs acquired taste. The chilly pork and the thenthuk were superb as well. The live music adds to the atmosphere.  Need to mention Tshering who took utmost care of us and helped with our orders. Overall a super spicy dining experience :)
This is a go-to spot for my friends and I.  We are just your average city girls but when we are in the mood for tasty, flavorful, deliciousTibetan/ Indian/ Nepalese cuisine, this is probably the only place we really love!
If you are looking to eat yummy momos, you won't find it at Yak. I recommend only aloo dum (spicy potatoes) and chili chicken over here. Trust me, I have eat in every single Himalayan place in this neighborhood and this is not the best but I used to go there because my friends liked it. I would have given 4 stars butI hate eating with loud music and distraction and this place has both. The service is SLOW. Also don't come here super hungry cause the portion is tiny.
So you can tell this is an authentic place when you actually see Himalayans eating there!The food was very falvorful, though I highly recommend you get the steamed buns to help you if you get something too spicy. I had one of the chilis and it was extremely flavorful!  Their teas --- I'v had like 5 different ones are all amazing, but you should know they do come with milk in them already.The atmosphere is nice, and sometimes includes live music.  If you do not like that style of music, you may want to skip on those nights.  Oddly, they have TVs which they keep on Food Network...not exactly what one would expect in a Himalayan place serving food.
One of the best Nepalese food restaurant in New York city,  I have tried.  Great food and reasonably good service. Recommend to check this place out, you may not regret !
Which do you want first, the good news or the bad? Okay then, let's get the cons out of the way:CONS1. The service is slooooow. It doesn't just take a long time to get the food, it also takes a long time to get the bill, even if you're the only one in the restaurant. How very European of them. You practically have to walk over to them to ask for the check. 2. They give you a buttery tea with your meal and it is disgusting, even if you really like butter. Ick. 3. The atmosphere is nonexistent. 4. The restaurant is called Yak. Is that ironic? I don't know anymore since Alanis. PROSBUT, along with the bad comes the very good: the food. YUM. The spicy chicken is incredible, and worth the wait. But beware: The "spicy" is as hot as the service is slow. But dang, it's good. Also,  there's a fried rice with chicken dish that is excellent. That's all I've had when there because it's so good I didn't want to try anything new. I live in Manhattan now but consider one day venturing back to Queens just for (not to) Yak  (heehee).Why such a high rating when there are so many cons? The food trumps all. As long as you know what you're getting into when you come here, the food is what you come for. And I can't give food that good three stars.
It's actually not that hard to reach; just about every bus and subway in Queens pass through or close by the Jackson Heights station, and it's not ten minutes to Manhattan on the E or F express trains. The only pain is that you have to walk under the elevated 7 tracks and its perpetual pigeon poop and rusty water shower.Inside, the decor is dark and smells faintly of freshly applied lacquer. There are the usual Buddha statues, prayer flags, and aged tiles with either Tibetan or Nepali characters. The place has maybe 10% more tables than it really needs, so even if you're the only person there (which is often the case), you feel a bit squeezed in among a few too many empty seats. Altogether, the place is usually quiet and empty, meaning you have the whole waitstaff and the strains of their quiet conversation to yourself.Most weeknights, you'll find the Yak practically deserted, but they go pretty crazy on weekends, with a band taking the small stage and playing what sounds like 70's Nepali pop music. The place gets packed, and after everyone has had enough raksi, it turns into a jolly, back-slapping, sing-along affair. Which reminds me: they have an awesome selection of obscure Nepali alcohol, which you probably won't find anywhere else and may find worth a visit to the bar.The food does take a bit to arrive, but when it does, it's usually delicious.  I haven't really had a bad meal, but a few things stick out. Their momos, for one, are amazing; plump, lively, and fresh. Fried or steamed, vegetarian or pork, they're amazing. The only problem is, occasionally they'll get the order slightly wrong and bring you fried instead of steamed or something like that, but it really doesn't matter and they fix it readily.They also do fish amazingly well, which I found somewhat surprising, as I don't really associate lakes and rivers with those countries. Anyway, the fish sizzler is particularly good, season with a lot of ginger and some pretty striking spices of one type or another. In fact, the sizzlers in general are a good choice, as they come some sort of meat, potatos, and noodles. Their curry selection is respectable, particularly their curry goat served over rice.Over all, this is a pretty great place, and I enjoy taking friends here. A fifth star would require faster service and a less claustrophobic layout. Some of the dipping sauces also seemed a bit lifeless and not as fresh as the entrees. Still, it's worth a visit to try this unique cuisine.
I love this place! The food is good and their service is amazing too with really pleasant staff waiting on your table. However, what makes this the most fun restaurant in NYC is their live musical band.This band is  the soul of Himalayan Yak and makes every trip there worthwhile! New York has become culturally richer thanks to Himalayan Yak and it's live band:)
Not unlike man-flesh, yak is an addictive substance and should be treated as such. Unfortunately, I have yet to find an item on the menu that serves it in it's highest form, the steak. In most dishes it comes diced into small and medium-sliced pieces which seems to rob it of it's essence. You are left with only a vague glimmer of it's true all-encompassing light of deliciousness -- this may satiate the fiend but it is a poor introduction to the uninitiated. A waitress informed me that you can request it served as steak but I have yet to bring that dream to fruition. Until that day the Shapta and Thali will have to suffice.
Went here last night and can't stop thinking about it..... Queens, why must you be so far away? I tried Tibetan butter tea for the first time and had vegetable momo (dumplings), spinach/radish thenthuk and aloo dum, all of which are recommended. The sauces here are off the charts- sinus clearing but not too spicy.. just enough for a heady gastronomic euphoria.  Now I'm just counting down the days till I can go again ;)
Went here I think on a Sunday afternoon, the place was almost empty, but seemed really nice. A friend said they are very busy at night, and usually have band playing... When you walk in, it seems like a really kind of upscale restaurant but the prices are really good! I ordered Indian food and got the tomato masala paneer and naan bread. And I cannot even begin to describe how good that was. Omg best meal I have had in a long time! I really can't get over how much food my friends and I got, how nice it was, how great the service was, and how cheap our bill ended up being. Go here, sooo good!
YAK DUMPLINGS!!! WAKE UP TODAY AND SAY "I WANT A YAK DUMPLING" and there it is in Jackson Heights. For this alone you should go to this restaurant. Next reason...Nepalese woman are hot and regal looking. I am so used to seeing dime pieces around Queens and then you go to eat Yak and slug Carlsberg beers (perfect beer for this place) and there is some of the most unique looking ladies you have laid eyes on. Damn it feels good to be a G! I caught a Himalayan rock band that switched between versions of native Tibetan pop and "Hey Jude." How bad can a place that has Lolipop Chicken be? Not bad at all. I recomend it highly.
The food was cold. The people working there Don't know what there doing. The price is cheap but i guess you get what you pay for. I don't know why people  would keep a place open when it's being renovating there Dust all over the place.
OK I don't know why they flagged me, I suppose one of their competitors probably flags all the high-scoring reviews. In any case what I wrote is:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Himalayan Yak Restaurant is easily my favorite restaurant in New York!I moved to New York almost a year ago. I asked an Indian friend where he goes for Indian food and he said there's nowhere he really likes, except he loves Himalayan Yak. So I tried it and I've been going several times a week ever since!The food is amazing. I've had just about everything now and nothing disappoints. The staff is always friendly and helpful whether or not you're Himalayan (I'm not; the other customers generally are). The atmosphere is great.That aside, there's an awesome house band that plays 5 nights a week, and it's more than worth going just for them. This is not some boring "traditional" music, this is rock-and-roll at its finest (in Nepali and Hindi, of course)! The band was already great, but recently got a new addition, who is a famous Nepali rock star. His guitar work is absolutely insane. Hell, the whole band is just shockingly good.I bring friends and they consistently love the place. I brought a date and she loved it. We kept going out and she kept asking to go back. She had friends visit from Belgium, we took them, and they loved it. In fact they all told me that if I'm trying to impress another girl sometime I should bring her there (hmm...should I be concerned?).My point is, go to Yak. Then keep going to Yak. Then bring all your friends to Yak. And then just keep saying "Yak" because it's fun to say "Yak." Yak.
Took my girlfriend here for her birthday tonight, and wow, this place really deserves all the awesome reviews it's getting.We dove right in, ordering a number of appetizers in the $4 - 6 range so we could get the most out of the menu.We had:Sandeko Bandel ($4.99) A dish made from wild boar and served with lemon. It was a little gamey and tough, but I enjoyed it.Lhaphing ($3.99), A spicy mung bean jelly. It's a lot like really hot and savory jello. It looks benign, but it'll really sneak up on you! I can say that this dish was certainly a culinary experience unlike any I had before.Bhatmas ($3.99) These were pretty strange. They were dried soybeans, mixed with an array of vegetables and some chillies. The dish is eaten cold and provides a nice counterpoint to the overwhelming spiciness present in a lot of the dishes (in that it's cold and crunchy). Certainly a pleasant surprise!Chasha Kho-wa ($4.99) This was a soup with chicken and corn in it. It seemed like a good idea to order it because of how cold it was outside. I enjoyed the broth, but the dish sort of fell to the wayside and was overshadowed by the other, better dishes on the table. It was alright. It isn't something I'd turn down, but it's not something I'd be in a hurry to order, either.Yak Momos ($11.49) These were what we came here for. Yes, this area is flooded with great momo places (Bhim's Cafe being one of them), but as far as I know, this is the only one that serves yak. (Please, correct me if I'm wrong.) The dumplings were served with three chutneys: one red (which looked really intimidating, but really wasn't), one green (my personal favorite), and one orange. The dumpling skins were quite chewy and very nicely folded. They don't really skimp on the yak either; these dumplings are packed, and you can literally feel the juices drip out when you bite into them. To those of you who have never had yak, it tastes a lot like beef, but is much more intensely marbled. It basically melts in your mouth. It's not on the main menu; instead, it's on a separate menu that lists yak dishes exclusively.Tibetan tea (two cups were $2.50) This was also a new experience for me. I'd never really had a savory tea before (with the exception of Genmai-cha). This tea is really a love it or hate it kind of deal. It's extremely rich and has a slight saltiness to it--two characteristics that can easily and understandably turn people off. But if you feel adventurous, it's definitely worth a try. You can get a cup for just $1.25, and a pot for a bit over twice that.Overall, we got four (really filling) appetizers, tea, and some awesome momos for just about $35. I'll definitely be returning to Himalayan Yak in the future!Recommended: Yak Momos, Lhaphing, BhatmasGood, but not essential: Sandeko Bandel, Chasha Kho-waIf you're feeling adventurous: Tibetan butter tea(I also saw a goat offal dish there that sounded really good. I might try that next time I go.)
My husband and I love the food at the Yak, and you can't beat the prices (Dinner for 2 and 2 big Taj Mahals for under $40? Awesome!), but it must be said that the service is pretty awful. It takes forEVER for food to come out, and heaven help you if you need something thereafter, like if they forget to bring out the curry sauces with the Momos (which seems to happen almost every time we order them), because you will literally have to chase the waiters down. It doesn't matter if it's crowded or nearly empty, there is no attention paid to the tables. That said, we still go a few times a month whenever we get a craving for something spicy and hearty. LOVE their hand-pulled noodle soup, and the Ema-datsi, a spicy chili and cheese dish that'll give any spicy food eater a thrill.
I didn't know that there were so many himalayan tibetan restaurants in Jackson Heights. It was hard for me to imagine what himalyan tibetan cuisine is before i came here. My conclusion for this cuisine is like a combination of Chinese and Indian food. For appetizers, we ordered the lollipop chicken. The sauce is unique but good. We also tried the yak momos. Like everyone said, the momos are dumplings/buns. I personally prefer the Chinese soup dumplings over the yak momos. The yak momos we had are a little dry and the meat might be frozen. I would give the veggi and chicken momos a try next time. There are three different sauces on the table. Red, green and orange. The sauces reminds me of indian cuisine. The red hot sauce is the best out of the three. The bean noodles came with a bun. The broth is flavorful. It's very different from the Chinese noodle soup or Japanese ramen. I love the texture of the bun. We had the Napoli chai to warm us up. It is not as sweet as the chai that you can get in a cafe. It is also milder than the regular chai tea latte. I really liked it. The service is good but slow. I didn't know that they don't really use chopsticks for Tibetan food. I asked the sever for chopsticks. It took him five minutes to get me "take-out" chopsticks. I still recommend this place but I would like to try other Tibetan restaurant in the neighborhood.
3.5 stars.Shared the beef dumplings (we ordered the steamed ones), chicken lollipop, mung bean jelly, the blood sausage, spicy potatoes, and a dessert "pasta".The beef dumplings were densely packed ground beef with a thick dumpling skin, very filling and tender. The chicken lollipop was crispy and a little spicy.  The blood sausage was interesting, made up of ground beef...and well...blood, accompanied with 3 sauces. The spicy potatoes were pretty good, and mung bean jelly was a cool contrast to all the hot dishes.  The "pasta" dessert had a roasted butter, sugar, barley, and a grated cheese sauce.  We also shared a pot of the Darjeeling tea (yummy!!) and I also got a cup of the butter tea (yummy, but very rich and butter!) They had live music on the 2nd floor and a bar, fun place for family and friends!
My friend and I used to have a "yak @ Yak" night every week. We'd meet, order momo, and catch up on a week of chit chat covering everything from boys to work to what to do with the extra fuzz between Brazilians. Regardless, yak provided a great ambience, even if the live band was a bit loud at times. After all, the mostly Tibetan and Nepali patrons seemed to really dig the live music! The momos are good, but not as great as some of the nearby take-out ish spots. And the ambience is great (aka it's a gentrifier's dream come true!). The chai is nothing to e-mail Kathmandu about, btw.
This is definitely my favourite restaurant in the area! The food is amazing, a very large choice for all tastes (including for vegetarians), interesting new flavors, the staff is super friendly, the Himalayan decoration creates a very cosy comfortable atmosphere and they have an excellent band playing a few nights a week. All that for a very very democratic price.I've been taking all my friends there lately to make them discover Tibetan/Nepali food and they were all unanimous: that place is great!
after a long bus ride on one of those huffington post's buses, we were ready for some good comfort food. we were joined by my old roommie who lives nearby. the mango lassi was so amazing! the relaxing space - so chill - and good food - tsel momo (veggie dumplings), tsel gyanthuk (noddle soup), and paytel beef (beef with cabbage; it was ok, not great), i almost had food coma right there.the menu is extensive with many options from tibet, nepal, and india, and it is very friendly to vegetarians.  the portions are generous.   we will come back to try other dishes.
Awesome place...great food. Took my boyfriend here for his birthday 2 weeks ago after talking about going there for the last two years. Food was great, authentic and delicious and it was nice to see a table of rowdy Tibetans when we arrived. We've spent a considerable amount of time in India, Tibet and Nepal so we came in knowing what we wanted. We ordered some beer to start with and then placed our order with the waitress who was very attentive at this point. We ordered the yak momos which were delish with their requisite sauces. Then we had the chilly beef which came with a side of tingmo. Now this was good....it was spicy...not white people spicy but asian spicy. Spicy to the point where my entire face turned red and i had to take some clothes off...ate the entire dish. The tingmo which has sort of a bland flavor goes really well with the boldness of the chilly sauce. These 2 dishes were off the Tibetan side of the menu. Next we ordered Daal Makhni  and naan off the Indian side of the menu. This is my staple dish...I have to try it wherever I go so I've had close to 100 different versions of it. This is one of the best versions I've had and definitely the best one in NY. It contains more cream than usual but is really full of flavor and has what I think are round kaffir lime leaves in it which gives it a nice freshness. We had masala chai and kheer for dessert, neither of which I would order again. The waitress started being very inattentive and hard to catch when it came to getting dessert and getting the check. That was the only drawback. Other than that the place is the real deal. We were there on a Thursday night and there was no music...somethingI'd like to catch next time.Didn't try anything from the Nepali menu but we'll def be back for that :)
I'm hesitant to write this review, since I'm neither Nepalese/Himalayan/Tibetan nor have I visited those places.  But with that in mind:I loved the atmosphere.  I have no doubt that this is authentic as it gets in the states.  Very warm and cozy.  Prices were very reasonable, as one expects in this area ($12 dishes, etc)  Service was great (not slow, as some have reported).There was a small band playing on a Friday night.  While I enjoyed the music, it was just way too loud - too loud to have a conversation, and just too loud for a dinner.  It's not a club!  This is DEFINITELY not a first-date place, if the band is there (probably on weekends..).  A shame since the atmosphere is so nice.  But everybody in queens is married and has kids, already, anyways.  I digress.The food (is this a restaurant review or what??).  It was great.  We had the goat heart/liver/intestine/stomach appetizer, which was great, and made me feel like a true armchair world traveler.  Got a goat dish and a chicken something dish.  The food was straight up decent, and I'd give it four stars, except the spice burned a hole in my stomach!!!  Ouch!  I understand the huge, doughy buns they serve with the food.  It dampens the flames on your tongue!  You know the movie Aliens?  When the alien blood drips on the ground, it burns through the floor, and then through the next floor, and so forth, until the ship has many holes going down a few floors?  And then a character screams and dies?  That was sort of like how my tongue felt before I screamed and died.We did ask the server for non-spicy dishes, so I can't even imagine the rest.  The food was good.  Just really spicy.Now granted, I'm not going to tell someone how to cook food from their homeland.  But for me *personally*, I just can't deal with spiciness of that level.  These ethnic dudes do not f- around.  It makes wing night at the local sports bar look like milk and cookies.  I'll probably not go here again due to the spice.Atmosphere: 5Band: 3 (2 if you want a conversation)Food: 4 (if you like crazy-spicy-hot); 2 (if you don't)
If you like Himalayan food, this is the place to go!  Covers himalayan, nepalise, tibetean and indian cuisine as well. Decent ambiance for the area, live music on certain days (really enjoyable), good for families too. The TVs are strategically placed and loop videos of Yaks, their journey thru the Himalayas, and the life they lead.  Again, entertaining. The butter tea was not at all as I imagined. Not delicious in any way, however that was made up for by the meal. Momos are great, the potato and vegetable Himalayan dish was sublime. Overall it's a great place to go on an adventure with a group. Order a bit of everything and enjoy! Plus you'll learn all about the daily lives of Yaks.
This place has an awesome mix of foods from Nepal and the surrounding region.  Please keep in mind that I only visited once.  My father and I went and had a decent amount of food.  The service is fast and the staff is quite polite.  Take your time with the menu if it's your first time there.  On Friday nights they seem to have live music in their upper room.  There are a few large televisions around the dining room.  A soccer game played as we ate.  I mention it because for some it will be draw and for others not so much.
I was impressed by the food and service in this unique spot tucked away from the bustle of Roosevelt avenue.  The food is delicious but the service was great too. The diversity of the patrons a true testament to the authentic cooking offered in a variety of South Asian cuisines. I also want to mention that after a potent mango martini I had mistakenly miscalculated the total with tip on my receipt.. when they processed the receipt they made the correction for me. It made me enjoy my trip there even more. I will definitely return!
The menu is very busy, with tibetan, nepali and indian dishes. Found the nepali meat to be VERY spicy. Yak meat is marinated, making yak dishes quite flavourful and tender. Naan was very good. Biryani was not so good, dry and more like fried rice. Overall not great but not too bad. Not sure which cuisine they specialise in though, or do they have 3 chefs cooking in the kitchen at all times? Staff was mostly ok but also somewhat wooden and confused.
its actually called himalayan yak which is more appropriate than tibetan yak because they offer cuisine from tibet, nepal, india and bhutan.  one chef is tibetan and 3 are nepalese.  the staff is super friendly as are 99% of the nepalese and tibetans that i know.  the wooden doors and various wood pieces inside the place are quite nice.  the dalai lama shrine up front is a nice touch.  near the bar is a stage where a nepalese ensemble plays bollywood style music.so the menu offers vegetarian and non-veg options.  there's bound to be something appealing for everyone.  the bhutanese dishes are crazy hot.  when they ask if you like hot they really mean hot.  most indian places when they ask if you like hot medium or mild - they have the western palate in mind.  with over half the dinners being nepalese you should know that this hot means business.  be prepared with a fire extinguisher when you order bhutanese (if you are the type that can eat the kind of chili that gets hotter and hotter after you've swallowed your bite long ago then this should be no problem for you because this food is not quite that hot).the tibetan tsel gyanthuk is the favorite among tibetans, it is equivalent to pad thai for a thai.  it is made with chinese style hand pulled noodles and is really tasty.  i kind of wonder though if the soup broth is enhanced by MSG because of that really subtle chemically taste.its a nice relaxing atmosphere.  the dinners are really laid back and the servers are just the best.  they will bend over backward to make you happy.  just be prepared for slow service, the words schedule or deadline don't exist in their vocabulary.  you'd think they had to send a hunter out looking for a wild boar in order to make your pork dish because it takes soooo long for the food to come out.overall definitely worth the wait and the whole cultural experience.  seems when you're done shopping in little india this would also a good change of pace from eating at one of the average indian places on 74th street.
I'm planning on upping it to 5 stars once I can try something else, and stop being so addicted to their Indian menu!
Delicious and authentic Nepali food !!! Must try once
I try to stop here every time I'm in town - where else can I get my Nepali food fix in such a satisfying way!  Most of the food I've had here have been outstanding!  Dhal, a staple that is commonly taken for granted & overlooked a lot, is complex, full of flavor, creamy textured & then some!  Chicken cili is a wonderfully spicy bowl of juicy chicken pieces wrapped in extraordinary flavor. Momos- Nepali dumplings- come either steamed or fried. Fried kinds, for obvious reasons, are a little more delightful with added crunch than the steamed ones.  Steamed ones on their own right are chewy, yummy balls of joy. I must say though, my mother in law makes much better momos.  On top of that, in my most recent visit, unfortunately, I found a piece or two of chicken cartilages in my momos which demolished my appetite. Live music they play isn't exactly my type... Not sure how to classify it - a mix of old Hindi, Nepali songs & jazz with Hindi twist?  All I know is that it's way too loud for a restaurant setting. Perhaps they shld consider keeping the volume down for the diners until abt 10 or 11.  Overall, it's a lovely place that serves up fantastic food.
Really loved the place, the food, the staff, the people who were there, the decor. I like the oriental culture anyway, especially Tibet and Nepal, and this place really is a jewel, to be offering just a bit of that culture and flavor in NY. The food has its own unique flavor and is very good. I really liked that the food was not greasy/oily; I did have a vegetarian meal (so maybe meat dishes are different). Id say this food felt a lot more healthy to me than a lot of other asian restaurants, where everything is cooked with just way too much oil for my taste.They have both meat and vegetarian menus. The prices are VERY good. Try their tea with Yak butter, for a flavor of Tibet that you won't get anywhere else.Something happened for me here that has never happened for me in NY, but only when I traveled abroad. They gave me quite a bit of extra food that I didn't expect, without charging extra. Maybe that was just my own personal experience, since I was very pregnant when I went.
I was searching for good nepali restaurants as I was craving for the food so badly after coming back from a trip there.I saw Himalayan Yak having good reviews and decided to give a try. And I am so glad I did that. It was amazing, both food and the dinning environment. They serve Tibetan and Nepali food. Their decor is very classic and unique. Oh well, at least they are very unique to me since I am not Nepalese or Tibetan. We ordered beef Thali (traditional Nepali combination platter), Shpata (beef chilly), and some other spicy beef dish that I forgot about the name. Honestly, I am not sure how authentic the food is as I am not native. But they definitely taste good. I will say they taste almost as good as those I had in Nepal and Tibet. Beef Thali is very tasty and I like how they give you the great combo of meat, veggie and carbs in one order. The other two dishes are relatively spicy but also very delicious. We went on a weeknight. But I heard there will be band performing on Friday nights. So people who like their traditional music should go check it out at Friday night. I will definitely go back for more yummy tasty food :)
Been on a mission to try different enthic foods that is out there in nyc and boy was this place a dissapointment! The exterior seems to be represent the type of architecture they have back at home....the interior is impressive with nice furniture, paintings and the cups that all follow in design to their culture. We ordered the traditional nepali appetizer platter with chicken, pickles, soybeans and goat. The goat was just gross man.....it lacked taste and I felt i was purposely chewing it faster just to swallow and be over it.....the chicken was hard and cold.....on the good side the soybeans and the spices were rather exotic....their rice was real interesting as it was a flaky form of flour.....mixed with the chicken soup it was a nice snack. Our main dishes was the beef cooked with peppers and a vegeterian dish.....the beef dish was tasty but the vegeterian dish was nothing special and our butter teas had no taste. The service was also lacking.....although the waitress was nice and recommended our plates and explained what was in them....not once did she come around to refill our waters.....sucks when u just chewed on a hardcore himalayan spice and have to wave for help (water) while u feel ur body tempature in your mouth rise
We went to Himalayan Yak on a Saturday night and absolutely loved this place. The food was great (especially the dumplings), the service was excellent and the atmosphere was very festive. A live band was playing and people were just jumping out of their seats to dance. The band was great but really loud so having a conversation was a bit difficult once they started playing.
I labsolutely love the food at himalayan yak. The best Nepali n Tibetan food in town. Great music, service, food and staff. I am here every week for their delicios juicy momos and amazing Thali. Their gyuma sausage and aloo dum are the best you can ever find. Love the decor too...very nepali/tibetan! i give yak 5/5 since the food n service is excellent!!
Ate here last night, really cool place.  Great food and a really good live band.
Had the opportunity to come here recently during lunch hour. We pretty much had the whole restaurant to ourselves which I really enjoy. Between the three of us, we ordered chicken Tikka Masala, Paneer Tikka, Goat Talib, chicken as well as beef momo. We came in hungry, but after waiting on the food (momos do take some time to make) we started geting really really hungry. All the food items came out at the same and we weren't holding back. Everything tasted really good and my tummy was satisfied at the end of the meal. The mango lassi had ice in it which after a while becomes watered down, but it didn't bother me too much.
The most amazing chicken momos (dumplings) ever. Saturday night there was fun live music. The food was very reasonably priced and portions were large. Our favorite was the chili spiced potatoes served with Tibetan bread. The service was friendly, helping us choose dishes. Way above my expectations. And if it's cold out, you should enjoy a butter tea.
This place has some seriously good Tibetan/Nepali/Indian food. Fair prices, and a fun/loud environment, it's great for family or a group of friends going out.
What an experience!I love their chicken lollipop, steam dumpling and their tarkari.Live music performance after 9pm. I felt like I was not in NY.
It was a great experience dinning here. They have lovely decor and environment. The food was delicious and service was also good although it was very busy. We enjoyed lot of dishes here... Papad masala, chicken sizzler everything was good. Will be surely back soon.
Easily one of the best places I've been to in NYC so far - the dry goat curry was incredible, highly recommend.
I really like this restaurant. I have visited it for my birthday multiple times and the food has great flavor. I would go back for sure.
One of the best things about living in Queens, New York is that it has a plethora of crossroads to different cultures. Himalayan Yak dining experience was pleasantly surprising.  There's a band that played on Saturday around 9pm. The  restaurant is located near one of the busiest corners of Queens. No 7 subway above and the E, F, M, R underground. It is where Broadway crosses Roosevelt Ave and there's an entrance to the BQE nearby. Atmosphere is relaxed, young, dynamic and vibrant. It's not stuffy and there are no rich Wall Street types here. But if you like good food and a diverse crowd then this is the place to go. Service is brisk but courteous and attentive. The dining area is modest in size and fills up quickly so you may have to wait a bit during busy times.
I ordered Yak meat sizzling and it was very hard. The Yak Momo on the other hand, is very tender and delicious. Butter tea and naan are good.  Other than that, it's mediocre.
This was my first time trying Nepalese cuisine and I was very happy I did. I was ecstatic that they had plenty of vegan options on the menu. Even happier to discover that they have live music on the weekends.My bf and I came here one Sat. evening, a spur of the moment decision since we were craving some sort of Asian cuisine. We were greeted by the FOH staff, and seated immediately. We found our way upstairs where the band was playing. There were plenty of seats in both floors, and it appears to be a perfect setting whether your on a date or accompanied by a group of friends.The music was lively and definitely got the crowd going (Boo was ready to dance).We told the waitress that we were vegan, and she helped us maneuver through the menu. We had the vegetable thali: which includes different types of vegetarian curry, papadum and pickled veggies. It was a delectable and satiating meal.I would not hesitate recommending this establishment. This is truly a gem!
Food is so so. Had the Thulsa noodle soup, nothing special. Be careful paying with your credit card here. After I paid with my CC, fraudulent charges were made with my CC. Somebody in their cashier is skimming customer's credit cards!!! BE CAREFUL. Just pay with cash.
Not once not twice, it's my third time I got sick after eating here. Stay away if you can, the server with grumpy face is no where close to Nepalese hospitality. Very disappointed and sad!!
I've never had Himalayan food, but this place seemed authentic - a lot of the clientele were Tibetan.We had the Sandeko Bandel - wild board cuts, that are a lot like soft bacon.  Pretty flavorful, pretty fatty.  Pretty yummy.Then we had the little smelt fish - these were probably my favorite.  Bite-size crispy fish with a nice hot sauce.The chicken lollipops were really good alone - the sauce was OK, almost tasted like honey mustard.Finally, we had the yak momos.  Not bad, but nothing too special, to be honest.  A lot like thick-skinned Chinese dumplings.Good food, good service, nice decor.  The lunch special/buffet seems to be a steal.
The food was wonderful I would rate it 9/10 when it comes to flavor, freshness and great quality of ingredients. I could not find anything to hate about this restaurant, it is a little taste of Tibet and the Himalayas. Their dumplings are juicy and full of flavor, so I would definitely recommend anyone in the Amherst area to try them out and get out of your comfort zone.
Great restaurant! The food and service was good. I went on a Friday afternoon for their lunch service. The food did take a while to prepare so don't go there when you're starving and need to eat asap.A good dish to get there is the "thali." This is basically a plate with different small portion dishes on it. Great for if you can't decide what you'd like to get.
As a native of the Himalayas, I know my food. While nothing is as good as mom's cooking, this comes pretty close. In the Nepali dishes, the flavors are vibrant and the layers of spices shine through. The Samaya Baji platter is a good place to start to get a taste of various Nepali appetizers. The Thali then allows you to do the same for mains- it's like eating at a Nepali home with a good variety of lentils, veggies, a meat dish, pickles etc.  The portion of rice would just be a whole lot bigger in Nepal ;)I'm not as familiar with the Tibetan side of the menu, but the momos are pretty solid and my favorite in Jackson Heights. They could improve upon their momo achar/chutney which is pretty inconsistent though.All in all, I always stop by when I'm in Jackson Heights.
The pork chilli and momos are heavenly. Pair it with the  fiery Yak kick starter and you're set for a great dinner. Raksha and the crew rock this joint...
My friend and I stopped by on a Sunday night around 7:30pm craving Indian food and ended up staying until 10pm. We were told that every night at 9pm on the weekends that there'd be a live music, as we observed the start of the show. What a coincidence! It was so pleasant, we didn't want to leave! But besides the delightful music, the food was really good and our waitress was super friendly and welcoming. It was our first time at Himalayan Yak as well as our first time trying Tibetan and Nepali cuisines. Our waitress was understanding of our lack of knowledge and patient in helping us decide what to order and in the end, we were very satisfied with what we got. Everything looked so good and intriguing on the menu, we were tempted to get everything, but we settled on one dish from each culture offered so three dishes in total to share. We'll have to come again to try the rest!
Welcome is Flavortown , USA. I was here last night with my friend and his friends, and it was our first time eating Himalayan cuisine. If you're adventurous, definitely dine here. We started with a bunch of apps. The beef and veggie momos were little bites of delight. The Tibetan app Laphing (mungbean) and the gyoma (blood sausage) are a must orders. Initially, I was wary of the blood sausage, but once I bit into it, I liked it. The alou kauli kotari (sorry, don't know the spelling), a cauliflower drenched in spices and curry was delicious. That's served with white rice. One lady in our group ordered the goat bhuttan but I didn't try it. Two people in our party ordered the traditional entree platters (sorry, can't remember the names), and they said it was very good and huge portions. There was a main that comprised of yak with sauteed noodles and veggies. This was the only  hiccup on our meal. The yak's texture was tough. My friend was having a battle cutting this yak into bite size pieces. He won the battle, but it was a tough fight. The ginger beer was very refreshing. Our server was cool and answered our endless questions regarding the menu.
The food and service here is really good. I love the momos and beef belly here..however, comparatively you might find the drinks and food a little expensive.  LIVE band on weekends on the 2nd floor if u like Nepali and hindi music. The ambience is very comforting with yellow lights and overall a great place to hang out with friends and family.
Tea was the best part of the meal (very good chai - we skipped on the Tibetan tea as it has butter). Momo and Spicy tofu dish were above average - sauce for momos were good. I wouldn't go out of my way for it though; it's a safe choice. Service a bit slow, but it was on a Sunday afternoon. Very peaceful ambiance.
Dude, yak is kind of awesome. I really like this gamey beef taste. Their CTM isn't bad either. Reminds me of the best nepalese I've ever had, but it doesn't quite make it up there.
The food we tried was okay. I just think I might not like Himalayan/Nepali/Tibetan food and flavors. I found the food only okay. I tried my first momo here and I was not impressed. I find the skin and filling not as enjoyable as Shanghainese Xiao Long Baos or the fried tiny pork buns. I didn't enjoy the meat mixture inside and I was definitely not into the gumminess of the skin. I found the meat inside blah and not juicy. I wish they had a good Shanghainese place around this neighborhood to get good Xiao Long Baos (Soup Dumplings) and Saang Jeen Baos (Fried Tiny Pork Buns). They need really good dumplings in this area. I miss Chinatown.
Really enjoyed my dinner here!The food was great and really tasty. We ordered pork momos,  Chicken Thali and chicken tikka masala.Everything was great! Service is slightly slow... but ok. Great prices tooWill be back
Okay so this place is the best! It's become my favorite after just one visit. Starting off with the service and the way that me and my friends were greeted, it was so kind and welcoming. Our server was so friendly and helpful. She was patient and gave us suggestions when we couldn't make up our mind. Now onto the food, the food was so flavorful and delicious. We got the chilli paneer and chow mein with garlic naan, and the naan was so soft and delicious. The chilli paneer was just perfect, and the Chow mein was the best I've ever had. There was also live music and that was phenomenal! They've got themselves a new regular!
This restaurant has really good food., WowI came here for the 1st time to try something different and so glad that I had. The restaurant's decor is pretty nice. The service/staff was nice as well.The food was delicious from beginning to end. I ordered the Beef Momo(which is dumplings) for the appetizer really really good and tasty, Tried a chicken soup which was amazing called Chasha Thang. Shaptak Beef which was a delicious stir fried beef dish, and Chicken Tikka Masala which is chicken in onion sauce. And a bowl of Jasmine rice. All the above is really recommended. To drink had the mango lassi.Overall I am happy with the service and the food. The portions are good and tasty. I will be happy to come back here again for lunch or dinner. Looking forward to itThanks!!!
Very disappointed.Ordered curry chicken but don't know what kind of meat they gave me (yak? Goat?). Very smelly and has tons of broken little bones. Vegetable momo wasn't really good either. Very little filling. Will not order from them again.
Came here for a private dining event and was very impressed with the chefs skills.   We tried a variety of dishes and I must say the tripe was excellent.We had Yak Meat and tried many different parts.  The dumplings were great too.  We had tongue and blood sausage as well.  The second floor had a large space and we got to experience a lovely live singer and drummer for a fundraiser.  I think the flavors were great, I've tried Cafe Himalaya in the village and this place was excellant as well.  I raved about this place to many friends and will be back for sure.
Decorations are ok. The food is priced well with good variety. The mojitos from the bar use wilted near rotting mint. The service is shotty and doesn't merit the 18% service charge included on the bill. The servers primarily talk to the nepalese guests. No recommendations on food nor does the table ever get cleared or reset from service staff. The staff has to be flagged down and it seems like a burden for them to provide service to guests.
Himalayan Yak is a great place to venture if you're feeling a little adventurous as it specializes in Nepalese and Tibetan food. Had it not been for my Nepalese friend bringing me here, I would not have given this place a chance. It's always a blessing to have international friends :) Located in Queens within an ethnically rich neighborhood, it's a stretch to travel from Manhattan, but an experience to remember.Go all out. We ordered 4 different types of meats: lamb, goat, pork, and yak!  ++Personal Rec: any of their 'momos'. Nepalese momos are like Chinese xiao long bao dumplings, minus the soup. A former Nepalese co-worker told me that back home, they love to gather friends and have momo parties where they chat and make mountains of momos lol. I just think the word 'momo' itself is so cute!Other recs: ++Khasi ko masu- goat curry. Taste is similar to Indian curry, but not as strong. Goat meat is lean, the texture is similar to the Cantonese "ao lam"++Charred lamb appetizer- (I do not recognize the Nepalese name). This is served on a bed of rice crispy with a spicy dip consisting of bell peppers and onions. ++Yak shapta-sliced yak sautéed with garlic, ginger, red onion, green and red bell-pepper served with bhaley( Tibetan bread). I've learnt that in Nepal, bread is one of their main diet staples instead of rice given the rough terrain unsuitable to grow rice. The yak meat is lean and tough, hence why it's thinly sliced. The place was surprisingly PACKED on a Saturday night. There is a 2nd floor for private functions and live music. Ambiance is excellent for conversation, clean, with a touch of Himalayan decor. Staff are authentically Nepalese. Himalayan Yak was definitely a fun experience!
I had a nice lunch with 2 of my buddies at this cozy spot. Upon entering the restaurant, the decor was traditional yet modern with Nepalese artwork and ornaments.      We ordered the chicken lollipops for appetizers and a goat thali and chicken tikka masala. The chicken lollipops was hot and juicy with crispy skin and slightly spicy. The goat thali came with different dishes and a sweet rice pudding called khir. The goat curry was oily but had a nice flavor. The other small dishes were average but the chicken tikka masala was the dish I kept going back to. I might go back to try their other foods or go eat at an Indian restaurant in the area.        We went at around 2pm on a Friday and there was a few people eating but afterwards, we were the only people eating at tables rather than at the bar. The service was really friendly and the people there were Nepalese or Tibetan.
Tingmo, Yak Sizzler, Beef Momo, Chicken Tikka Marsala with Naan, and Tingmo with a Bollywood and a Cosmo.This was my first time eating South Asian Cuisine and it was great. The food was flavorful and the staff attentive.  Went on a Wednesday night at 7PM and the place was packed.  The entire meal with three drinks came under $70.
This is a great restaurant in the midst of Jackson Heights chaos! After a day of Indian shopping, my family wanted to have a nice sit down dinner, and Himalayan Yak delivered! There was also live music, which was a great added touch! For dinner, we tried the momos (of course), which were great! These momos are LARGE and they serve plenty of them! We also tried the thali dish, which was decent. All in all, a great experience!
I love coming to this area for authentic Himalayan/Tibetan fare. Himalayan yak is now my favorite spot for the freshest and most interesting dishes. The service was outstanding and the ambiance was also on point. I loved the trio of sauces and food variety that you get here. The yak momos where amazingly juicy and delicious, the goat thali was a great choice since you get a little bite of everything and the goat tasted better than a lot of the lamb dishes I've had lately, the hand pulled noodle soup really warmed me up. Can't wait for my leftovers tomorrow!
Went there during December with my friend because she was missing Nepali food. According to her, the taste was just right! I got to try the mutton curry and the choila- it was really good. Reasonable prices too!
There are not a lot of places where you can find momos but the momos are on point here. It reminded me of the momos back home. I ordered steamed chicken momos and they were delicious. My friend who was eating this for the first time said it was really similar to Asian dumplings, which I disagree because I feel these have more flavor. The sauce they come with is really good too. I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for some good momos.The prices are a bit high as compared to other places around but definitely worth it. The service is horrible, we had to ask for water ourselves because they failed to get it when we entered. One less star just because of this reason.
After having Himalayan Yak bookmarked for awhile now, this past Saturday I was ready. Ready for... a YAK ATTACK! I took up a sampling of assorted treats, as you can't go to a spot like this and ONLY try one or two items. Yak Momos - Spiced yak meat in a pan fried dumpling, mmm interesting. Certainly tasty and not gamey as I expected it to be. Vegetable Momos -  I wanted to have a tame option to accompany the rest of the food so I ordered  these steamed vegetable dumplings. Fairly standard tasting alone but much enhanced with the trio of spicy dipping sauces they brought out. Goat Bhuttan - It was time to introduce my friends to the world of organ meats. Liver, heat and stomach please! All dark in color, flavorful but a bit dry tasting. Chewy -- of course. Came with a sort of crispy rice salad. Palak Paneer - Creamy. Spinachy - tastes just as good as any local indian join would make it.Garlic Naan - Solid Choice. Soft, yet crispy and perfectly seasoned with my root. Tibetan Chai tea - Very milky, with the chai spices not very discernible. Was hoping for something with a bit of a stronger, more spicy flavor.My friends ordered some super spicy drink concoction which was basically fire disguised as liquid. Was it the Yak kick starter? The bartender smirked (ever so slightly, Mona Lisa style) as she saw my friend immediately tear up when drinking it.I was politely informed that they were out of  Yak for certain dishes, which leads me to believe they must have premade all of the momos and froze them. If I had the chance, I'd be curious to try the meat cooked up differently. Like many other Yelpers have touched upon, the staff let us hang out for awhile after we finished our meal. There was no pressure to sca-dattle. The atmosphere was pleasant, but as soon as a GIANT party of 20 or so people started rolling in we made like a fetus and head out!Just a note, the 25% off meal check in offer is only good till 6pm. I of course realized this AFTER I checked in, at 7:25 pm. Oh, well.
Came here for the weekend buffet with my boyfriend. The overall experience was horrible. The place looked busy with a lot of customers, and for about 10 minutes, no one came to serve us water. It was almost 2pm and we were really hungry, so we decided to go for the buffet instead of ordering from the menu. At first there was no plates left for the buffet, so we had to wait for new plates. When the plates finally came, we went up to get food. The buffet food choices were few, and what was there was mostly Indian food: some vegetables, lentils, aloo gobi and goat curry, with white rice. We waited in line for a little while and finally when it was our turn to get food, the waitress told us to go back to our seat and wait, because "there's no more vegetables". I don't know why she didn't let us get what was still up there, since there were still some rice,  lentils and goat curry left.We came back to our seats. The waitress brought us some iced milk drink, but we were starving and had no appetite for more drinks. So we left and went to Little Tibet (yelp.com/biz/little-tibe…) across the street.I don't know if the menu food was good, as I didn't try. Above all, don't go there for the buffet.I came to this place because the average rating is high and was really disappointed. I would never come back here.
Yak, you are the hope of Nepali food. Don't get messed.I gave average review because of service ( about 3 years before) . I kept goin. Some of ur dishes I liked a lot. Some of the servers are very nice. But Y you are not  maintaining your quality of food and the service on d same way??  This time the review is based on the Sunday buffet. I was there with my family on Sunday @3 . Asked the lady the time of buffet, got told till 4. I decided to try because it was late lunch and we were very hungry. That was my wrong decision. Non of the food was heated. All cold. Achar had rotten smell. It was before an hour the buffet to be closed. I was really disappointed. Waited for water for five minute, had to call the lady for water. What do you aspect? Ordered fried momo and chicken sekuwa for being fressed, momo was good but sekuwa was different than usual.I can't say I will not return since I had very good experience twice. But this critical place for New Yorkers to eat cold food on hot buffet. If I would have health person, I would have shut off the place right away.
3.5 starsWalking in through the lovely door, we were greeted by a well-decorated and spacious interior. My co-worker and I shared the pork dumplings (steamed) and the goat curry, which left us satisfied but not full. In retrospect, we should've ordered more food. :PThe pork dumplings have thick skin - not your Chinese dumplings - but they work well with the generous meat fillings. The three sauces at the table, in order of increasing spiciness, are green, orange, red. They complement the meaty dishes very well, and are more tangy & sweet than spicy. The goat curry flavor is on point, but to our disappointment, has a lot more bones than meat.Bonus: 10% off lunch with Yelp check-in. I'll definitely be back to try other dishes ... I'm eyeing the platters!
This place is pretty good. I had a lot of people recommend this to me so had to give it a try.As many people have said, the momos are really good. Are they any different than most dumplings, in my opinion not really. What differentiates it is the many sauces that it comes with which complemented the dish well. The goat curry and other dishes were all well made. Nothing spectacular but everything was good. Service is not great but the space is nice, makes you feel a little like you're not in NYC.
Jackson Heights is such a mecca for foodies, and I think this is my new favorite restaurant in the area. I told the waitress just to bring me everything she likes, because I don't really know anything about Tibetan cuisine and I'm an adventurous eater. Definitely no disappointment here and I can't wait  to go back :). My favorite was the bhartsa marku desert, with a nice pot of chai tea.
They do serve real ethnic Nepalese food. Try their choila or bhatmas or thali or momo. Each bite itself is an essence of exhilarating experience of himalayan nation.And, on top of that, they have one of the most famous nepalese rockstar live concert every night. This place is truly an experience if you are visiting New York.
If you are ever in the neighborhood, it is worth stopping by. They have a lunch buffet for $9.99/person. The selection didn't look that special so we opted to order a la carte. Get the lollipop chicken and chicken tiki masala! The lollipop chicken was perfectly cooked, tender meat and extra crispy skin. The meat was perfectly marinated, I didn't even need the sauce and I love sauce! Himalayan Yak is very generous with the chicken in their chicken tiki masala. I am used to getting a few pieces of chicken and a lot of sauce. They gave a lot of chicken and a lot of sauce for $9.95! Perfect to dip with our side order of naan. However, their pork momo and goat curry thali was disappointing. The pork momo was pretty flavorless, tasted like your typical Chinese dumpling. The goat curry did not taste like curry at all and the pieces of goat we got were extremely overcooked. The presentation of the thali looks cool, it comes on a giant silver platter with different side dishes to try. The side dishes included lentil soup, a veggie potato dish and rice pudding. I didn't like anything on the platter besides the rice pudding.
fantastic find! Vibrant ambiance, rich menu of pan South Asian delights. will come back on weekends for eclectic music food and friendlies :)
They make a real effort here to look after and accommodate customers. Even during the busy periods (and it often is), they are attentive and the service is quick. Saturday nights they also have a band playing a mixture of Western and Nepalese songs. If there is any criticism it is that the food is not as good as some of the other Nepalese and Tibetan alternatives in the area. However, it is value for money and you will enjoy your visit here.
A vibrant scene that transports you to the Himalayas.  The food, live music, and decor are authentic.  Our waitress was lama Nepalese. She spoke perfect English and taught us a thing or two about Nepal, Tibet, and their culture.  Queens, New York at its finest.  The world comes to you.  The food was spicy and really terrific.  Five stars.
I've been seeing these sweet little drops of love called momos all over Yelp recently and have been feening to try them. I do not like Chinese soup dumplings or any Chinese dumpling, because honestly I have no idea what's inside. Every Chinese eatery I go to it's as if they use the grossest cuts of meat. Nevertheless, we got the beef momo and the yak momo. Even though both fillings were kind of on the dry side, the sauces they gave us and the soup inside sort of masked it. After ordering, the waiter also said to us, "Why did you order two of these? They're basically the same thing." I thought this was weird, mostly because they actually were the same, except the yak had a buckwheat dumpling dough. The meat tasted exactly the same. But, it was also the fact that the yak momo were 5$ more, for the same plate. Nevertheless, the dough was good and the soup was good. And these were filling. I used two out of the thee sauces, since I did not like the spicy and kind of bitter red sauce. The orange and green sauce were good together. We also got this appetizer that was smoked boar with a lemon spice marinade. It was pretty good except for the fact that it was mostly fat and barely any meat (it just looked like thick cut bacon). But it was flavorful and spicy. We also got the buckwheat bread (looked like pancakes) and they were fine. Buckwheat is very earthy and flavorless and they use it for energy mostly. The waiter was very knowledgable and told us about his family back in the village where he is from. It was very humbling to talk about. Had a great lunch here and they honored the 10% off lunch offer on yelp.
Nice and clean restaurant. One of the best Nepali restaurant in New York. Chicken lollipop, thali, Momo and machha are some of my favorites. They also have nice selection of wine. They are always busy in evening time but worth the wait time. It is very comfortable and convenient place for hangout.
I visited Himalayan Yak to try out Nepalese/Tibetan food and meet my friend in Queens. It was well worth the field trip and I enjoyed my meal here. The food spans Indian, Nepal, Tibet, and Chinese food in a variety of flavors and mediums. You can have steamed buns and naan, curries and stir fry. Himalayan Yak has a fairly large dining room for Queens establishments, as it includes an upstairs. The downstairs is a bit dim and is taken over by the large bar with two tv screens. I wouldn't call it romantic. Lots of warm woods and utilitarian seating.Service was good, helpfully suggesting items to try and accompaniments. They checked in regularly to make sure things were as expected and to make sure we were comfortable. We ordered:Goat curry - SO good. Has bones and gristle, so not for the faint of heartYak momo - tasty flavorful morsels of dense meat. I prefer fried and use those hot sauces on the table! The dough tends to be thick and bouncy, which lends well to pan frying.Tse Nezom mixed veggie with tofu and tingmo (steam bun) - basic veggie dish, satisfying but not out of the ordinaryNaan to go with the goat curryPrices were also very reasonable. I would definitely try it again if I were in the neighborhood.
As my first foray into Tibetan cuisine, Himalayan Yak went above and beyond the call of duty. A VAST variety of tasty dishes for very reasonable prices, you certainly can't go wrong with this place if you're craving a filling dinner in Jackson Heights. Unlike most NYC restaurants, Himalayan Yak has two floors of plentiful seating. The walls are decked out with Tibetan art and screens showing documentaries about the Himalayas. It all makes for a nice atmosphere.To start, we ordered the chicken "lollis," which I'd definitely order again. Think crispy, juicy chicken on the bone. However, what really makes this appetizer (along with all the other dishes here) really special are the sauces. The spicy orange one they serve with the chicken makes the dish. Flavorful, but not in a way that ever overpowers the chicken.This also applies to the entrees. The momos (think a cross between a dumpling and an empanada) were generously portioned, but the filling a little too meatball-like for my tastes. Still good overall though. The momos featured yak, as did my shapta, and each time the yak tasted a lot like a beef. By no means a bad thing, just surprising.I thoroughly enjoyed the way they prepared the vegetables and meat in the shapta, which was more or less a stir-fry dish - the vegetables crispy, not overcooked, the meat sliced thin. The accompanying bhaley (a Tibetan biscuit) was perfect for soaking up the sauce, which was spicy and flavorful. I definitely recommend Himalayan Yak for a tasty, filling meal, even if I'm not convinced it's the best Tibetan restaurant out there.
I say this is a must when you're in Jackson Heights. They have a live band and a friendly staff. Try to get here earlier it's a small space and its packed!
As much as I would love to give it a five star I simply couldn't ignore the fact that this place was "LOUD" at least where the live music was playing (upstairs). No disrespect to the band (they were really good) but the sound system was just too loud that it felt more like a rock concert instead of a sit down restaurant. Apart from that - I loved every aspect of the restaurant, the Nepali decor (yes I am sucker for art and design) the utencils, the staffs, the service and yes.. the food.Despite being pretty full  - here's a list of what I tried. Bhatmas, Chicken Lollipop (group favorite), Gyuma (Homemade tibetan sausage), Shapta, Khasi Ko Masu and Momo. FYI: this wasn't all for me - this is what we ordered as a group :)I would definitely go back again but most likely opt to stay on the 1st level.
So good! I like that their meat selections are listed as being hormone free. First of all this is the best garlic naan I've ever had. It's toasted to perfection. The sauces are also amazing. I had vegetable momo's, a Nepali sampler plate, and (my new favorite dish) Paneer Butter Masala. I will be coming back here soon!
good prices and great atmosphere esp on friday night when they have live music and every table is filled! so far all the food i've had is great, but my fave thing to get is the ginger tea with milk. my friend and i always split a pot regardless of what else we're getting. saturday buffet is an insane deal but i definitely prefer the to-order dishes when i have the time & money to enjoy it!!
Momo...is better than slomo...That's what came to mind when I placed an order for a drink and an order of momo right when they opened at noon and was cited a 40-minute ETA.Bocha (Cup) 1 $1.25Sha-Momo (8 Pcs)How Spicy?: SpicyMake It: SteamedMake It with: ChickenTotal $10.02In the past they've had Yelp deals, Yelp checkin offers, and LivingSocial deals, and there was no one there when I picked up, but it's not because of the food, which was quite good. Not sure where the How Spicy? inquiry comes up, as there's zero spice in the momos, but 2 of the 3 side sauces packed a formidable punch.
Went for lunch and buffet.   not very many choices. no knives to cut up meats that were ?goat?.  so it's a bit like eating at "Meadville Times" with just your hands. Finally I got a knife upon request. Food is average. Spices are good, bread good, vegetarian dish was tasty. overall it is just average.
My friend and I came here for lunch and I never thought I would try yak (even though the restaurant is called Himalayan Yak). I have to say, tastes just like chicken.No complaints on the service. The tibetan tea is pretty interesting, not your average tea. Also the gulab jamun, delicious.
Excellent food, excellent service and excellent ambiance (crowd, decorations, and lighting). We had fried yak cheese and grilled lamb to start and goat curry and yak dumplings as our main course. Everything was super tasty! We will definitely be coming back! And, to top everything off, they had live music at 9pm... On a SUNDAY!
I wasn't blown away by the food here. The veg dumplings were not very flavourful (although the sauces served with it were nice). The one thing I really liked was the fried small fish appetizer - crispy and spicy and yummy. We got 3 entrees. I got the Himalayan thali with fish and buckwheat roti. The roti was sort of dry but interesting and hearty, and the accompanying little bowls were average - although the fish itself was good and nicely flavoured. Another entree was the paneer and that was solid. And the last entree was spicy tofu, and that was pretty good, and served with my first taste of tingmo bread - doughy and yummy. I liked the decor of the restaurant and the service was very friendly, and it's encouraging that it seemed like a lot of Asians were there and so maybe I just need to go try a few different dishes next time.
This is only my second Tibetan restaurant I've ever been to so it's hard to compare foods. Overall, the food was great and I saw things on the menu that the other spot in Manhattan did not have. The ambiance I thought to be very cool. It almost felt like a temple because of the decorations. The lighting was perfect; I consider this to be a good date spot. I would give 4 stars instead of 5 because the young waitresses seemed somewhat moody. But since they have a 25% off coupon, this review shall stay as 5 stars.
This is my second outing for this cuisine. FLAVOR ROCKS. If you do not mind trying out new things and discovering new flavors try this place. I had the chicken thali and a side order of tingmo. on the way out - a cup of tibetan butter tea.Chicken Thali was  extra spicy as I requested it like that - it hit the spot right on; I was sweating a bit as I was eating it. It is a complete meal in itself; got salad, entree, and rice pudding for dessert. the pudding was different from any pudding I have ever tried; so flavorful. YUMMY. The tingmo is steamed pork bun without the pork; that is how i will describe it. I dipped it into the chicken curry that came with the thali - perfect.on the way out , I had a tibetan butter tea to go - UMAMI flavors for sure. Perfect for a nice cold walk outside.
I went there with my friends with an overwhelming expectation to eat real good momos.  While I loved their appetizers and Nepali thali, momo disappointed me. The dough is really very very thick and it happens to be like you cannot eat dough and meat together. I had to throw the dough away and just eat the meat indiside.  All other services were really great. People were friendly and customer service was quick and nice.
I am a regular at Mustang Thakali, so this was a change in first place. The decor and ambience is slightly better. We ordered the Thalia, one being the Himalayan thali and another a regular dal bhath thali.I am a big fan of sampling multiple dishes so I enjoyed the thali especially the dal (lentils) the mustard green and the pickle .The lamb and chicken gravy was ok but wasn't bad either . Overall this place is good, with fast service and delicate nepali flavors .I will come again for sure.
We have yet to go in to eat here, but because they deliver we always end up ordering in. Consistently good food, which says a lot especially via delivery. Their momos are tasty and juicy, as well as sizable at $7.95 a plate. I am also a big fan of their thali style meals and have enjoyed all the combinations, including the pickles and accoutrements. The quality of their ingredients and the skill of the chef comes through in their cooking. Not sure if they still have one Michelin star, but if they do, I understand why. Highly recommend.
I came here on an impulse for lunch and I have to say the food was very good! The waitress was pleasant and answered all of my questions because I had never had Tibetan cuisine. She suggested the "momo's" (vegetable dumplings) for an appetizer and the "Chicken Thali" which was the most traditional dish with white rice stewed chicken and an array of different vegetables prepared to sample including yummy rice pudding dessert. This is a great hidden treasure in Jackson Heights which I will definitely come back to visit!
Cool spot. Their momos are the shit. The only bad experience is their sizzle steak was a bit rough. Nice, humble staff. Live music a plus. We be back.
Their menu include a variety of Indian, Nepali and Tibetan food. I'm so happy that I found out this place. It's nearby my place and their food is delicious. I ordered for take out.Aloo Kauli Ko Tarkari: Slice potato and cauliflower sauteed with tomato, ginger, garlic, Nepalese spices and herbs garnished with cilantro. It's a mild dish served with fragrant rice. Stewed dish and rice make such a good comfort meal.Vegetable Daal Bhat Tarkari (Thali): Traditional Nepali combination platter served with rice, daal (lentil soup), two kinds of vegetables, papad (Thin crispy wafer), aachar (Traditional Nepali potato and raddish pickle made with ground tomatoes, ground coriander, garlic, ginger and spices. It's quite spicy) and house special dessert (House-made rice pudding topped with almonds, walnuts and raisins).  I added some spices to the rice pudding (all spices, cardamom, cloves) to give it some flavor. The Thali comes with a slice of lime, raw carrots, cucumbers and sliced red onions which I used to cool down from heat of the aachar. Tse Phing: Bean thread noodles cooked with mixed vegetables, pieces of dried fungus, black mushroom and potato served with tingmo (Tibetan steamed bun). It's a soup broth without any spices. The bun is huge and soft. Aloo Tama Bodi: Potato, bamboo shoot, black eyed peas served with rice. It's a mild curry dish, the bamboo has a pungent smell but it has a nice texture.I really like their fragrant rice, it's nicely cooked and the fragrance makes the meal more appetizing. The rice portion is generous, which is good when the dishes are spicy. But I could eat it on it's own as well. I think it's one of the good restaurant with reasonable prices in the neighborhood.
This place don't even deserve a review so I'll keep it short.I ordered the Yak Stew. The meat was so hard my boyfriend was dissatisfied with his meal as well.The waitress never never never asked us how was our meal or asked if we would like anything else. I had to get up from my table to find someone to give me the bill.  Overall service and food are poor.
So great!  The garlic naan is amazing and the sauces are delicious.We split several things including Palak Paneer (my favorite), Yak momos, Phaparko Dehndo platter with goat, Thenthuk, Aloo Kauli Ko Tarkari and Gyuma.I cannot wait to return!
Hmmm I swear I wrote a review on this ages ages ago but o well. I shall write another one. This is SJ favorite spot. He took me here 4 years ago when I was just visiting. He was introducing me his favorite Nepali food which is MoMo...basically dumplings. All those times we went they only had chicken momo, no yak. Except for recently when they start having yak in stock. Yak momo is good but I would prefer eating chicken. Yak has this strong flavor I can't describe, but it wasn't bad. It was just not for me. I say try it, you may like it. We all have different taste. Besides ordering momo all the time I usually get something on the indian side of the menu...simple chicken with rice. Oh I recall ordering an chicken appetizer before that serve cold. Ugh I definitely didn't like eating cold chicken. It felt like it was sitting in the fridge the whole time. I was told by SJ that's how they serve it. Note to self don't order that again. The recent visit I ordered something different...fried intestine. Now that was good. It is on the appetizer section...I asked for rice because it taste better with it. I also got the blood sausage...they had yak or beef and I chose beef. I was hoping it would taste the same way as vietnamese blood sausage but it wasn't. This definitely had a strong taste that I didn't like. Bad after taste as well.  I also tried eating with rice and still didnt go well together. If this place was closer I am sure we would go here often. I know I would order those intestine again =)
Nice environment, nice decoration.great food. And live music,price is reasonable. What else you need .
The Yak stew was meh at best. Super grisly and chewy but I guess that's a product of the type of meat. I wouldn't recommend. The goat curry was okay...if you enjoy picking bones and cartilage out of our mouth after every bite. Same as above, wouldn't bother with this one either. The chicken lollipops were actually pretty good; had a good crunchy fried batter on the outside and relatively juicy and flavorful.DO NOT get the apple fritters. Straight up bad food. Tasted like soggy potatoes with a hint of old apple flavor haphazardly drizzled with Hershey's chocolate syrup. An extremely lackluster dessert item not worth the money.The worst part is the service. PAINFULLY slow and very inattentive. The servers just don't seem to care and glance over tables they don't feel like attending. Not sure why this place has such a high rating but if you feel like having a bad meal with even worse service, check this place out.
Food was quite tasty and service decent/accomodating given the small staff and size of place. I would recommend it for a different kind of taste. Prices made sense for portions and local. Nice to have a different melange of flavors.
This is probably the most popular Nepalese restaurant in Jackson Heights. I love all their appetizers, specially the Chicken Lollipop and Sekuwa. The ambience is great and it gets even better when you are there during their live musical performance. The drinks are good. The service is awesome. I took only one star off for the Momos not being upto their standard and the girl at the bar with no smile at all every time I go there.
I've been to this Restuarant more than couple of times,my time spend at the Himalayan yak has always been awesome,I love the food and I so love the music there that's played and sang by a band,i feel happy and n I sincerely enjoy my time in the Himalayan yak with the good food,good crowd,kind stuff and the awesome music...I've always enjoyed the environment there and will definitely continue enjoying thank you
Right off the Jackson Heights subway hub on Roosevelt and Broadway is one of my favorite places to chill. When you walk in, the traffic noise fades out and you get a whole new vibe.  I love going here in winter especially because everything is so savory and warm. Get a plate of momos and a kettle of bocha (butter tea) and you'll be all set. Also, winter is when yak is in season. So if you want to eat their yak dishes, this is the time to go!This place serves Tibetan, Nepali, and Indian dishes in a dimly-lit, relaxing space. The peace is only disrupted when families bring noisy little kids sometimes. Service is OK--sometimes you gotta flag someone down if you need something. I suppose the staff is taking in the relaxing space, as well (jk, they are busting ass like most waiters).
A few weeks ago decided to finally try Himalayan cuisine.  I went on a date at Himalayan Yak located in Jackson Heights, Queens.  This restaurant is an eclectic mix of Chinese, Indian, Nepalese and Tibetan cuisine.  Side note: this restaurant was on the scene of ABC TV series Ugly Betty.Food overall was good and cheap.   My date and I decided to explore what Himalayan Yak has to offer by order "safe" dishes and "adventurous" dishes.The first dish we ordered were "Momos" is Tibetan dumpling made of a thick dough containing meat and vegetables.  There are also vegetarian momos as well.  We ordered the steamed momos, one set comes with pork and vegetable ($7) and the other only had vegetables ($7.95).  The food is served with julienned pickled carrots, which were spicy along with three different sauces equivalent to condiments from an Indian restaurant.    These momos were good and the consistency of the dough makes it really filling.  It is definitely a great starter and safe dish to try.In addition to the momos, we decided to go adventurers by entering the world of "Yak".   So we were curious and ordered yak cheese ($6.50).   Given the price of the cheese we were anticipating a huge platter, but it did not appear that way.  This serving plate below looks small, but the texture of each piece of cheese was insulating and filling.  On a tasting level, it was equivalent to aged cheese that was overpowering, but the apple slices complimented the strong aftertaste.   Finally, my adventurous Himalayan food journey did not end and talked my date into ordering the Nepalese dish - Sandeko Bandel ($6.95), which is smoked wild boar topped with lemon juices and spices.  The dish looked and tasted like bacon - to die for -Overall service was good, food was very good especially if one is on a budget.  Personally I would return to try their other dishes especially the Thali, Ngopa, and more yak.  If one wants a cheaper meal, go during lunchtime, and if you check in on Yelp.For pictures check out my blog: Tablespoons and Teaspoonstablespoonsandteaspoons.…
I never understand why people even go to this restaurant. Extremely poor customer services with extreme over charge over  price. Servers are  all in bad mood, they will rush you,  ignore you. They ruined your night out ..  I will never ever go back to this desperate place . Advise to most servers working out there ... if you hate your work please stay home and  stop humiliating your customers with your unnecessary attitudes.
Hot dang, that goat! (What noises do goats make anyway?) I ordered the goat Thali and it was sooooo freakin' tender. It came with a ton of sides including some spicy anchovies, a lentil stew-ish thing, a spinach stew-ish thing, sliced cucumber, some spicy pickled vegetables, regular veggies, mound of rice, and a side of kheer. It was a lot of food and definitely worth the $12.95. The steamed beef momos were also quite tasty with a lot of flavor. The cheesecake they had was really good as well, not too sweet and it tasted light. My friend went with some Indian dessert that starts with a G. He must've said it like 10 times, but whatevs! They looked like brown...balls, and were quite sweet (not salty at all :) The thing that really stood out were the cups here. Seriously. They were metal and looked like mini flower vases, but dang they held a lot of water! I probably had to pour for a good 8 seconds before it was full. The staff were super inviting and didn't pressure us at all to finish our meals. In fact, they encouraged us to keep our conversation going and to stay longer when it looked like we were rushing. We were sat down very quickly and the service was top notch. They gave us these perfectly chilled giant bottles of water, and that bottle was replaced the entire meal. For a unique dining experience with awesome service, I'd definitely come here again!
The food is still as amazing as ever but now the service has improved. I was nicely greeted and had no problem with redeeming my offer. I am very pleased and likely to return again.
Just tried the fish thali , amazing! I really like it, planning to come again. BTW, l love the music too.
This is the 2nd time I have tried Tibetan cuisine. I was pleasantly surprised to see a lot of Tibetans and Nepalese eating here so it is a good sign. We ordered a few of the popular dishes on the menu although there is a $9.95 lunch buffet being offered here as well. The chicken lollipop on the appetizer menu is a must. It is crispy, juicy and comes with a nice sweet and spicy mustard sauce. The Lianphing is close to Northern Chinese dish called "Cold Skin" or "Liang Pi" but I prefer the Chinese version because the texture is firmer. Nonetheless, it is a light and spicy cold appetizer. For entree, we tried their Yak momo, or Yak dumplings in both fried and steamed version. Yak is a new type of meat I tried for the first time. It is gamey actually. I think the momos are a little on the dry side; I am not sure if it is because Yak is lean? Yet, the flavor is great especially with their house sauce. We also ordered "Cheley", which is a spicy stir fry beef tongue with bell peppers dish that shares similar flavor with some of the Szechuan dishes I have had before. They also give you this thick bread to go with the cheley or your meal perhaps. It is pretty close to a deep dish consistency. Overall, I really enjoy this restaurant for its unique flavors and it seems that the Tibetans here have approved so!
Food is delicious and service is good...!!! I loved it....my gf enjoyed a. Lot... Nepali restaurant with Nepali staffs ..friendly and good environment!!!
Never had Himalayan food before so this was a completely new experience.First, the service was excellent.  The people there treated us as if we were regulars or even family.  They guided us through the menu, provided their recommendations, and were prompt.  Then it got busy - this was on a Wednesday - the place was suddenly packed.  Service became slower, but understandably so.  I don't think they were ready for the rush that came through the door.  Their friendliness and service gets top notch ratings though.Because of an amazing Yelp deal, I ordered a lot of food:- Beef fried momo: they were like dumplings.  Pretty good.- Chicken Lollipop: good appetizer to start with.- Chicken Tikka Masala: better to order at an Indian restaurant.  Will probably not order again.- Fish Chilly: best dish of the night.  My memory is hazing because this was months ago, but I remember that this dish was flavorful while spicy, accompanied with some sauteed veggies.  Highly recommend this dish, or any of their 'chilly' dishes.Overall, I would return to this place.  The staff is very friendly and helpful, which is great if you're new to this type of cuisine.
What a wonderful experience! The food was delectable and the service was top notch! We had a group of 14 people and we all enjoyed ourselves. I would come back.
Great Tibetan option with a decent amount of seating. The yak momos (like a dumpling/bun but just full of a large piece of yak) were awesome as was the goat curry. Wonderful flavors. The yak was like a better beef. Make sure to use all the sauces! I was especially partial to the red one. The chicken lollis were moist and thick with flavor. They made a great appetizer, the dish comes with six small pieces of chicken. This was a great place to try himalayan and it was easy to get a table even on a busy Friday night.
Atmosphere was great. Live band available & entertaining guests who sang & danced along to the songs. Definitely a great vibe to be around. Food was good. I ordered the chicken tikka masala with rice, it's more toward the sweet side. You should order garlic naan on the side, extremely buttery with amazing flavor. It works well to dip up all the curry sauce. PS. Bring a sweater, I froze to death inside. It's cold in there !
I had family in town and decided to take them to Jackson Heights for a Indian food, and got a pleasant surprise with Nepalese.We didn't know what to expect but the server was really helpful in pointing out favorites and good dishes. We settled on the Yak Stew, Goat Curry, Chicken Tikka Masala and a Chicken Sizzler Plate. All were really good, and we had a good variety for us, I would say that the serving sizes seemed small but 4 dishes for 5 people worked out just fine. Slow service was a little slower than I liked but the house was packed and they were dealing with to go orders as well. Our second order of garlic naan took a while to come to the table but it was super hot when we got it so looks like they were fresh from the oven. The decor of the restaurant was nice with TVs playing video of the Himalayas so it was pretty cool. Will be back to try the dumplings the table next to us said to try them.
Places like this make me proud to be living in Queens and help steel myself against the turned up noses of Manhattan and BK dwellers. Himalayan Yak is an absolute gem! My spirits lifted as soon as I stepped into the cozy interior with warm colors and beautiful folkloric live music! Even though the music was a tad too loud, It totally set the mood for a cheery laid-back evening. The restaurant was crowded at 9pm on Sunday with 90% nepali/asian and 10% white people- authentic indeed. I loved all the little details, from the copper cups to the videos of yak farmers on muted tv screens.  Our nepali server helpfully pointed out things we should/not try. We ended up going with the chicken lollipops, fried sha-momo (pork), and thali, a traditional nepali combo plate with rice, daal (lentil soup), some pickled veggies, papadum, aachar (pickle) and sweet rice pudding. The lollipops were delicious and the thali was well-balanced with spicy, salty, and sweet. I loooooved the momo and the trio of sauces served with it were incredibly delicious and bold. I have to admit however that my Chinese taste buds were seriously aching for some soy sauce and rice vinegar as well.It was definitely an enchanting experience. I can't wait to come back to try more of the menu and enjoy the amazing live music (thurs-sun)!
I've been here a few times with friends. The food is a hit or miss so far. Momos- the yak momos are delicious, the chilly momos have a thicker shell and probably won't ever order them again. Beef thenthuk soup is like a hug for my stomach- those handmade flat noodles are so good. But the beef shaptek was surprisingly disappointing- the one at Friends corner cafe is way better. May be they have different chefs with different styles? Lately many more Nepali restaurants have been popping up in the neighborhood, might be worth trying those out.
Picked out this place on yelp because it had great reviews and the food looked delicious.  Definitely definitely definitely check it out!!!  I went for dinner time after shopping for bridesmaid saris in Jackson Heights.  I ordered the chicken thali, which was delicious- it had a serving of rice with a bunch of different sides.  Overall the food was great- my Sri Lankan friend ordered a traditional dish of chicken in a tomato type sauce was also impressed with the food.  The naan was also really good and a must if you're ordering something with sauce, so you can dip the bread in.  I'm giving a five even though I wanted to give a four initially because the service was slow that night.  It was super busy for a Monday night, so I'll just give the benefit of the doubt that it was unusually busy.  The food and drinks were too good to give it a four and I'll definitely be back!
Thanks fellow yelpers, this was my first time having Himalayan/Nepalese food and it did not disappoint. We had the beef momo, chicken lollipop, Khasi Ko Masu and garlic naan. All were excellent. Those sauce that it comes with were amazing as well. Will definitely be back to try the rest of the items on the menu.
If you are too scared to step into one of those smaller Nepalese/Tibetan restaurants on the strip or you just need to accommodate a larger group for a lunch/dinner gathering for some Nepalese/Tibetan food, this is the place to do it!Place is pretty spacious compare to other restaurants in the area and I believe they have a second floor as well to cater to events or for special occasions. Stopped by for an early dinner before meeting up for drinks with a buddy in Flushing and had a pretty hearty meal here. I ordered the Samayabajee and the Ema-Datshi, which is supposed to be the national dish of Bhutan. The Samayabajee is a snack platter with radish pickle, potato pickle, mildly fried soybeans, beaten rice, and marinated and grilled choice of meat of beef, chicken, or organ meat. I got the chicken and it was pretty good but the beaten rice was pretty hard to eat. It was like eating raw granola with nothing on it. However the three hot sauces they provide with your meal helped me balance out the flavors. I liked the green one the most.As for the Ema-Datshi DO NOT get it!! I got it only because it was listed as 'EXOTIC' but HELL NO, it was basically melted and heated up American processed cheese (tasted and looked like Cheese Whiz) with a few fiery hot jalapeño peppers and onions thrown into it served with a side of White Rice. Eww Cheese sauce with rice? NO THANKS Service was pleasant though and would come back to try other things but definitely NOT the Ema-Datshi, don't do it or you'll regret like me!! Despite nothing special nor any meat on that dish wasn't even that cheap running at $9.95. AVOID that dish and you'll be fine. Get the Momos instead-Credit Cards Accepted-Free Wifi access, just ask for the p/w-Show you have checked in with Yelp and get 10% off your bill
Disclosure: I maybe biased because this place give me the feels of home (Nepal) but that cant be the only thing that could explain how satisfying the food there is!The atmosphere, the utensils, the live music on the weekends, and the traditional Nepali/tibetan menu keeps me going back there at least twice a month. I cannot speak for the Indian food on the menu as i can't remember ordering much from it but highly recommended (and my faves are(in that order): the live music- they play nepali, indian, american, mongolian, and they take requests!), Sandheko bandel (roasted and sliced boar meat), lamb sekuwa ("smoked" lamb skewers), chilli chicken, chicken momo (steamed), and tse Shogo Ngopa (boiled potato with herbs and other veggies). And there you have it folks, if you crave or are looking to explore your taste palette to Nepali/Tibetan food then take the trip to this gem in Queens.
This was my first time trying a Himalayan restaurant, and it was okay. I was not very adventurous and got the chicken tikka masala with onion naan bread, but it was great Indian food. My friend got a traditional Himalayan chicken curry that came with buckwheat flour pancakes, vegetables, and pickles. The curry had a really strange flavor that we did not like and the pancakes were really hard and tasteless. We also tried their steamed momo dumplings which were nowhere as good as Chinese soup dumplings or other dumplings. It was a fun experience, but I probably would not return.
We had a blast at the Yak. Yes, it's true - your first check in (on Yelp) at the Yak will get you a shot of Khukuri Rum from the bar. Just bring up your device or phone to the barkeep and claim your throat-scratching (yet sweet) shot.We showed up here late - around midnight late - and with no reservation. There were 7 of us.. and we were seated immediately even though the place was p-a-c-k-e-d (seemingly with a lot of happy Yelpers). The service seemed pretty good! [Some Yelpers noted that it has declined over time and has become less attentive. I, on the other hand, felt that they were just attentive enough - especially with live music going at 1AM - without being too overbearing. Yes, there were times that we had to call a staff member over... but there were times when we didn't need to.] The staff quickly got us our drinks (Lassi & Taj!) and food order (before the menu changed-again-after midnight). We got a mess of chicken and beef momos and lollipops. YUM. Make sure that you ask for the carousel of sauces. You'll be disappointed if you didn't.The live music (nightly after 9PM) was a great touch - festive yet not rudely loud and full of great -crowd-singing-along-energy. There was a DVD of a yak's journey through the Himalayas on the screens in the dining area (and a game on at the bar). Just perfect. The "testimonial" from Ugly Betty did not do this place any justice. My partner - who is usually a tough reviewer on Yelp - quickly called the place "a hidden gem."In keeping with the theme, we'll make like Sand People and vowed to "be back... and in greater numbers!"
The food served here was best, we ordered Chicken Sekuwa and both of were very tasty and flavorful. Service was also excellent.
Delicious! Makes you feel like you're in Tibet! The thentuk (noodle soup) is yummy. The Tibetan tea is great on a  cold day. Really warms you up. Staff is very courteous and attentive.
It's a good sign when you visit a restaurant and the ethnic people it represents are eating there.The momos here seem to be Nepali influenced as they are spicier than the ones I had in Tibet and had a buckwheat dough skin. But they are nonetheless extremely good. If you're new to yak meat, I'd suggest the momos since the flavor of the yak stand out much better than in other dishes where it may be obscured by the other ingredients.The butter tea. I LOVE butter tea! Real Tibetan butter tea is made with yak butter and yak milk, which makes it naturally a bit salty. Since yak isn't popular here in the States (Himalayan Yak sources theirs from Colorado and Minnesota herders), I'm not certain whether it was made the same way - it didn't taste how I remember it in Tibet - and forgot to ask. I was just so thrilled that they had butter tea.There is a long communal table in the middle with smaller, more private tables along the sides. TVs (on mute) played a soccer match beside prayer flags and Buddhist religious artifacts. Overall, it was a pleasant atmosphere to sit and chat with friends over a cup of butter tea and some momos.
Came here on a Sunday and the place was pretty empty.  Ordered beef momos, goat curry, and the paneer butter masala.  They were nice to let us have half steamed and half panfried momos. These were very tasty and better than most momos I've tried.  The curries came with a large side of rice and portions were very good sized.  The paneer butter masala was excellent!!! The goat curry was also good but kind of just reminded me of stew.  I would definitely return to try more items on the menu!!!
Tucked under the train tracks lies an ornate door from which melodies slowly seep out onto the bustling street outside. Open this door to find a dozen tables, most packed with families and friends devouring plentiful tingmo and thali. You have found the ultimate casual restaurant when you're hungry, the ultimate date restaurant when you don't want to break the bank and a darned good place for herbivores, omnivores and carnivores alike. Himalayan Yak is my go-to for those nights when I can't pick what restaurant I should try. A few blocks away lies Terraza 7, a local bar with live jazz. The pattern is easy to fall into: stop by Terraza for beer at 9, listen to music for an hour, walk (quickly, it's cold, but not too quickly because the Arepa Lady is here, too!) to the Himalayan Yak, find more live music awaiting you here, sit, order a butter tea, warm up with the coziest food imaginable. It's been hard on this foodie since going vegetarian over a year ago. Carnivorous food lovers quickly grow tired of Dosa Hutt or Buddha Bodai. This place allows me to order my veg while they can get their sizzling platters of meat, or juicy momos. For the vegetarian, I would advise passing on the ever popular momos. Go to nearby Phayul or Tawa for your momo needs. Stick to the entrees here. Get the thali if you're a first timer. The Tse Phing will cast out any ice demons left in your bones with its blend of herbs, ensuring you're warm after your long walk from the bars. If you want spice, ask for the sauces and mix in the red (spicy) or sesame (yellow). The Sho-go Khatsu (potatoes) will clear your nostrils, though it may only be a one note dish good for groups. Order a butter tea (ask either for Nepalese or Tibetan tea, depending on whether you like sweet or salty tea). Enjoy the music. Enjoy the beautiful artwork. Basically, every veg dish here is delicious. I've never tried their Indian dishes, but I've had most of their Nepalese/Tibetan ones. I've also previously (a few years ago) tried their meat, which was also good. Between the families enjoying the long tables and the couples enjoying the live music, this place will likely become a favorite of any Queens Yelper.
I've been here at least 3-4 times now because I want to like it more. The place itself is nice, nothing fancy but fine for a casual date or catching up with friends. I love the copper cups, they're a cool little detail. The staff has always been nice and accommodating, one time being nice enough to let me sit at a table drinking water by myself for about a half hour while waiting for my poor friend to find parking ("I swear she's coming soon!"). They also have good beer buckets (6 bottles of San Miguel for $25). All that said, the food is just okay. The vegetarian dishes actually seem to be consistently better than the meats. Wasabi Point's got them beat hard, even on the basics (didn't like the momo or tingmo at Himalayan Yak much at all). Plus the staff completely botched our group's order last night, only getting 2-3 of the 5 dishes we ordered correct. At least it's cheap!The only reason to come here instead of WP is the proximity to the train -- definitely a plus.
We briefly stopped in to try the momos which were fantastic. We got the C momos fried with pork filling and the were cooked perfectly. First off, this place is eye catching when you walk by because of the decor and lighting outside. And inside the same applies. The atmosphere was very chill and relaxed (the food service was a bit slow but they said the momos take long to make so we didn't mind) and a lot of people came to simply sit at the bar and have a drink. Their drinks are also on point. I had the wild tea cocktail-soooo good! If we weren't full from hopping around and eating in Jackson heights earlier I would have definitely had more food. I most definitely will be coming back.
*Pink drink with tea-infused vodka was great - would order again.*I would skip the veg momos - bottom 50% of momos I've had.*Vegetarian Thali was delicious, especially the 2 curries. Saag dal is too bland. Love the radish pickles. Next time I want to see if I can sub the rice for their buckwheat pancake. *Avoid the green sauce...was expecting a mint or coriander chutney. Idk what this one was supposed to be, but it was really, really bad. The orange sauce was so-so, like thousand island dressing, and the red one is nice and spicy.*Not the best himalayan food in Jackson Heights, but definitely the best atmosphere. Live music was great, perfect volume to still hold a conversation.
I keep forgetting to write a review for Himalayan Yak and by the time I remember, I forget what I ordered. I do remember that the laphing was really watery so I didn't get the spice and flavors I wanted out of it, and I wouldn't get the momos again because they didn't have much meat in them and seemed really doughy.Our favorite dish was the ema datsi, and there were a few other dishes we liked, just not sure what they were...
Ordered a bunch of items from this place and it took a while for delivery and the items were a bit too spicy for me (I'm a wimp) and on the greasy side. Momo's noodles, combo dishes were hard to figure out as a newbie. I think it might help to have a native pick dishes. Ultimately, the flavors didn't really sit well with me.
Saturday night around 9:45 PM. This place is packed with live music and really poppin. We were told the wait was going to be 20 minutes and it ended up being more like 10. We decided to sit at the bar because why not? Bar seating needs some lovin too.This is my first time so I'm just ordering what I think looks good and of course, the help of my fellow Yelpers. The Yak Momo's were a definite yes along with the Goat Curry. I also ordered the Phaparko Roti which is a buckwheat pancake like bread served with chicken curry and three or four different sides of vegetables. The Yak flavor was very strong and intense. Super juicy and flavorful. However I wasn't so fond of the texture of the momo skin. It was really dense and chewy, and nothing like the Chinese dumplings or soup dumplings. It was thicker and had the consistency of wet bread. The Goat Curry was really really good. This had to be my favorite thing of the night. There was a good amount of spice in the curry and it was very distinguishable from other curries I've tried before. It wasn't too spicy either, which I don't really mind but I've had some curries before where the spice was overbearing and you couldn't really taste anything else. I felt like everything was well-balanced here.Lastly, the Phaparko Roti. I guess I was expecting the roti to be thin and flaky like how I've always had roti but this one came out to be pancake like and it was really dense. I did not particularly enjoy the buckwheat flavor but everything else on the plate was really good and unique. The chicken curry was similar to the goat curry and there were some pickled vegetables that were also good. I don't think I'll be ordering this again only because I'm not a big fan of the buckwheat or anything too bready. I love trying new and discovering new foods and this was definitely on my list of things to knock off. I wouldn't say it was my favorite new discovery but I would definitely come back and give it another try.
The best Nepali restaurant in New York with yummy food. Very good thali, sekuwa, lollipop, sizzler, chicken chilly and everything else. Lollipop is a must have. Eventhough its the best Nepali restaurant in NY, its momos are not that great. They can improve on their momos and add a fresh (achar/chutney) sauce to it instead of their regular three sauces that they serve it with. Overall the best place to enjoy food and ambience and spend time with you friends and family. (4.5 stars)
Venture worth taking!Exploring various cuisines and finding authentic ethnic places landed me to 'Himalayan Yak' . I visited this restaurant with one other friend who has traveled well across the globe and still enjoys relishing good gastronomical experiences. And to be honest he was pretty impressed.The ambiance of the restaurant with live Nepali+contemporary music was quite warming. All wait staff were smiling, friendly and made one feel welcomed at the place. However, if I may, can I request the management to incorporate 'Nepali' greeting at place front desk if possible.Samayabajee : This is a must try. This dish purposely encompassing the various cooking techniques, nutritional facts, food science, and everything that has to do with palatability. If you are NOT ready to share, just get one for yourself. Believe me you won't be disappointed.Gyuma (Fried) - This is one of those sausages that when you read about, you say 'what would it feel like'. And then you take a bite and you're boggled about how sausage can be so very fat free. This is a very sausage that can be served at any time of the day and with any meal.Momo - If you have had dumplings, this is just a varied version. A little spicier than its Asian cousins, this dumpling has a thinner cover. My only disappointment was with the pickle that came with the momo. It was smelling and disgusting. When sent back, the kitchen replaced the pickle and sent back the dish. Wished the place had checked the dish before serving to guests.
I found a deal for this place on Amazon Local and figured that I'd give it a try.  It gave me an excuse to venture out to another Queens neighborhood.  I was not sure what to expect, but it was a nice surprise when we walked through the door.  This place has a really nice atmosphere.  It was a bit busy, so we sat at the bar while they prepared a table for us.They have a great selection of Nepali and Tibetan food.  We ordered the vegetable Momos, which were awesome.  They were just the right amount of fried and tasted delicious.  They came with a few sauces which they paired nicely with. We also got the Tsp Phing, which is noodle soup with vegetables and potatoes.  This was also very delicious.  I also got the Cheley with beef.  I really wanted to get it with Yak, but they were out of it.  This was pretty disappointing.  However, the beef was very good and made up for it.  It was nice and spicy.  Just the way I like it. Each of the dishes came with bread, which was the only disappointment.  It was kind of bland.  However, it was nice to dip in the sauces for the momos.Give this place a shot.  You will not  be sorry.
Alert -- the menu is divided into Nepali, Tibetan, and Indian dishes, each of which has a helpful description in English! Willingness to handle three different countries across a lengthy menu is sometimes worthy of suspicion; but I really enjoyed everything we got. This restaurant caters to those less familiar with Himalayan cuisine, but, I think, still maintains the integrity of their food. Laphing - Thick, wobbly strips of mung bean jelly coated thinly in soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, chili pepper, and Szechuan peppercorn, topped with cilantro. Cold, tart, simultaneously mild and thoroughly fiery, this is just like Northern Chinese "liang fen" (and the names are obviously cognates) - and really excellent here. I had to be strategic, though, and eat only a few bites in anticipation of tasting the other food that was coming. In other words - SPICY!! The cool blandness of the jelly is a great foil for the abuse of the sauce.Momo (pan-fried) - We ordered vegetable momos, but received chicken ones instead. No matter, since we're not vegetarian, but that's potentially a huge misstep. These were great though. I guess pan-frying sacrifices any liquid that would've been captured inside if these had been steamed. These momos had very thin skins and came with a trio of chutneys - cilantro, sesame, and the regular red chili. The slightly tart, very rich, mustard-colored sesame chutney worked so, so well with the momos!Goat curry - very nice, tender meat. This was inherently a compromise, though, since we'd had yak on the mind......and no, they had no yak at the time. Boooo! "Seasonal" on the menu means "if we haven't run out." We were told it was another week before their kitchen's supply was replenished. Either way, I echo Tony C's regret that there are only three menu items with yak. They had a video* on loop about yak herding at the time, so maybe it was for the best. It was weird to eat without chopsticks, since momos and laphing at least have direct parallels in Chinese cuisine.Dark, ornate doors lead in to the restaurant, and the space is just as dark and unique inside. Some larger tables have lovely-looking carved benches. At 9pm on a Monday, there were only 2 groups sitting for a slow meal. A full bar with neon lights underneath looked out of place, and speaks to their attempt to attract something closer to the Hell's-Kitchen-endless-mediocre-Thai-dining crowd. For that same reason, though, I'll definitely be back here - not just for the delicious food, but also because of the overt friendliness of the menu for those looking to learn more about Himalayan cuisine.* A Korean documentary subtitled in English of yak herders on the Himalayas, no less. Yaks are so fluffy! According to the video, there's no known cure for yak appendicitis, and the herders just have to personally chase the yak around to keep it moving. I... just don't understand.
What a cute unexpected modern-ish space hidden under the 7 train! I heard about Himalayan Yak from a co-worker and pictured a hole in the wall but behind those big doors is a nice place serving a variety of extremely affordable dishes. I've never had Tibetan or Nepalese food before and (IMO) it's a bit of a cross of Indian and Chinese food. Started off traditional veggie momos. Even though we ordered them pan fried (other option is steamed) they were NOT greasy. In fact, they seemed mostly steamed with just a bit of frying to make the outside a bit crispy. 8 pieces to a serving and they were very plump and generously filled with green veggies and potatoes. The trio of sauces they give you were pretty good (sesame & tomato, avocado and chili)I also had a noodle soup with vermicelli noodles (note: the menu said Bean thread noodles but this was fine too) cooked with mixed vegetables, pieces of dried fungus, black mushroom and potato served with tingmo (Tibetan steamed bun) The broth was really good and veggies fresh, also had a lot of potatos in it which made it quite filling. I didn't care for the tingmo - even though it reminded me of other kinds of Chinese steamed plain buns - it was much blander. My husband ordered a beef dish that was very similar to what we order at a Chinese restaurant in Flushing. Slices of sizzling beef with red pepper, onion, garlic, ginger etc. He really liked it though he didn't' care for the bhaley - another Tibetan bread - also dry and flavorless.Service was efficient, upstairs had live music and decor is nice and more modern than I expected.
Had a most delightful dinner here last nice. Impeccable service and was greeted with a warm welcome the moment I walked through the door. Not the first time I've had Tibetan and Nepalese food but certainly the first time I had such delicious Tibetan and Nepalese food! We had three different kinds of momos and they are all highly recommended. The goat curry was outstandingly flavorful and tender. There was a mixed vegetable dish with tofu that we almost wound up in a fight to get the last bite. The evening ended with live music and they singers were spectacular. They even dedicated a song to us right when we were about to leave. Much applause for the food and the great entertainment!!
I have been here a few times now and the staff and food are excellent. They have an extensive menu and drinks are really good.I highly recommend menu items from the Indian menu! The Momos were really great as well!Highly recommended!
We've eaten at the physical restaurant before and the food was good, So we ordered delivery on Friday night and to our surprise and displeasure everything was awful...Here's the breakdown of what we ordered:1) Sha-Momo; Steamed, Beef - My boyfriend order this and said "Although it was seasoned the meat was all pressed together rather than prepared in the traditional Momo style and it didn't taste that great."2) Mango Lassi - My boyfriend also ordered this and said "it was just average."3) Palak Paneer - I ordered this and it was served with regular white rice, (like the type one would get at a Chinese food restaurant), rather than Basmati Rice. The Palak Paneer did not taste or look like Palak Paneer. It was some sort of yellow sauce with spinach in it and did not have the traditional Palak Paneer Flavor. The pieces of Paneer were tough and I honestly only took one bite and threw the rest away.4) Tingmo - My only saving grace, I had order three of these and this is what I ended up eating for dinner.In conclusion the Steam Buns are good (and eating there with staff recommendations is good). Everything else we ordered that night wasn't work the money. $30 down the drain :(
Yesterday was a national holiday. My man and I got there but luckily we got a seat. 25% off before 6 p.m. Food was good but service was slow. Yak and goat curry were yummy.
I ordered the Tibetan tea and like the waitress said it has an interesting taste, buttery and salty. Since I've never had anything like it before it's really hard to say if I like it or that my taste buds are confused. The food was tasty and had similar flavours as Indian food.
Our Nepali friend took us here for dinner last night and I'm glad she did!The restaurant is in a fairly busy corner of Jackson Heights, in an area full of Indian/Pakistani/Bangladeshi/Tibetan spots. The decor is tasteful and the staff were welcoming.It was not a particularly busy evening and we were seated immediately. Our friend did the ordering for us - we ordered chicken momos, pork momos, chilli chicken, chicken lollipops and a goat curry. While the chilli chicken, lollipops and goat curry were fairly similar to what one would get at a decent Indian restaurant, the momos were undoubtedly the star of the meal. We wolfed them all down at record pace and once we dug into the other items, we were too stuffed to move!I strongly recommend this place.Tip 1: The Pork Momos are better than the Chicken MomosTip 2: Instead of the Chilli Chicken and Lollipops, order another Goat Curry / Chicken Curry type item. I intend to do that when I am back there next.So yes - I plan to return. You should check it out!
Is was wonderful day with my cousin brother. All of sudden a Bartender "girl" was rude with a drunk customer. She used F**ck to customer. I want management to learn the customer service " in America customer is always right?? Most of the time. At the end I feel like she did charge extra!!! As customer I want management to take this serious and improve service..
One of the finest Tibatan cuisine,nice atmosphere,live music on weekends and food is awesome chicken monos and chilly chicken are my favorite here.Staff is nice and courteous
If I lived closer I would come here more often. Awesome ambience, great momos. I will be back but when? I originally discovered this during the mono contest and decided to come back for lunch.
Had to try this restaurant after seeing the unique store front they had in the neighborhood. I loved the large iron doors and I figured, why not? And Queens has some of the best ethic foods in NYC. Plus, it's hard to find authentic Tibetan & Nepali cuisineIf they mention spicy, believe in it!!The breakdown:- The chicken lollipops were delicious. Fried wholesome goodness with tint of spices.- The momos reminded me of Chinese steamed pork buns. We ordered it because it's a national dish. But honestly, they were just okay.. I prefer Chinese pork buns better because these momos were drier than expected... Maybe it was the skin that was a tad too thick?- The kheer was pretty good. Not too sweet and very comparable to rice pudding.Service is pretty fast. The wait staff is pretty attentive. All the dishes are decently priced. This is a great restaurant for groups so that's another plus :)
I had really high hopes for this place, but it didn't live up to them. The food was dry, tasteless and way too expensive for the quality and poor service. I certainly won't be back.
Today was my first time at thisrestaurant. Food was amazing, atmosphere warm and relax. Service even better. I will highly recommend visit this place as soon as possible:)
With the intention of having a different ethnic experience, my +1 Bonnie and I trekked to Roosevelt Ave in Elmhurst to visit Himalayan Yak Restaurant, this establishment has had mixed reviews, but we had to try Yak so this is where we went last night. Upon entry it looked nice and had a good bar crowd of locals. We were greeted and led to a table in the corner by the bar. Ok so far..our servers were all friendly and were quick to take our order. I will address each thing ordered separately:Apps:Goat Bhutten- 4/10 when this was served we couldn't tell what it was. Teeny small pieces of intestines, heart and liver served with a crunchy rice. It was so overcooked that the tidbit pieces were hard and mostly inedible.Chicken Lollipops- 6/10  fried chicken legs with meat pushed up to resemble lollipop. Although on the fatty side, this was a good dish.Yak MoMo- 7/10 not having had Yak before this was a must try. The order consisted of 8 good sized dumplings. We got 4 fried and 4 steamed. The steamed was easier to eat as it was more tender. The meat was ok Yak...tasty,Chewey and now we have tried it.Goat curry- 4/10 the presentation looked good. The sauce was great but the meat was so tough and chewy as to be mostly inedible. The bone pieces with bits of meat couldn't be separated from each other. This meat was not good and if someone was paying attention in the kitchen it would not have been served. The cooking of the meat killed it! If the meat was tender it would have been a good dish.Chicken tikka masala- 6/10  another case of the sauce and presentation being good, but the chicken was dry and tough. That ruined a dish that we normally love and have had numerous times.Garlic Naan-9/10 Good NaanI address this message to Gyaltsen, the manager. Your place has mixed reviews and you have addressed many of the somewhat negative review with the basically same canned message. Come back and we will try to make it better...If customers are telling you something an apology and offer to return and we will do better doesn't cut it! We travelled far to try your food because of the past reviews, With you in residence, how could the food served to us be sent out of the kitchen? I know others have said in their reviews that the same food we had was great. Why didn't we get that same stuff? We were hoping for a great meal and got a mediocre one instead.
I go here once evry week and i have never been  disappointed. The best thing about the place is the service. Everyone is so so polite and they will be checking on you no matter how busy they are. The food is delicious. Im not sure if they have deep fried momos coz i didnt see it on the menu but i see some pictures here so will be asking them the next time i go. Decor is beautiful and the place is very clean.
Loved this place!Went for lunch yesterday and was pleasantly surprised by both the environment and the food. The staff was also very courteous and accommodating to my special dietary needs. It is very peaceful and pleasant and ornamented with a variety of spiritual and tibetan themed decor.
I came here a few weeks ago on a Thursday evening, and I've never ever ever had such bad service in any restaurant in my life. Needless to say, it was so disappointing. The food was just as good as last time in taste, but why the server completely neglected our table even though it was simply not that busy, I could not understand. It took him a good half hour to even come to our table to inquire about drinks, and fortunately my date and I had good conversation we didn't even realize until that much time had passed. Not once did anyone ask if everything was okay. The main course came way before the appetizers. I was so frustrated, I had to actually walk up there and speak to someone. When the Thali arrived after we finished the apps, the food was cold, though I had asked to make sure it was re-heated before they brought it out again. The difference in experience between the first and second time here was remarkable. I can only hope next time the service won't be as bad and the food remains as good.Chicken momos still not great; everything else tasted fabulous; Goat meat was on point. Note that my first review for this restaurant was a 4 and this time I give it a 2.
I came here around 7pm on a weekday.I believe it was a Wednesday...long days while make you get confused about days of the week.From the outside it could very well be mistaken as an abandoned event hall.Once you pull open the semi heavy rectangle doors with spiral designed handles, you enter what could easily resemble one of those Chinese restaurants with ducks hanging in the window.Except, there were no ducks hanging and it was dark as FU-K in here.Okay, maybe not dark but it was sure as hell dim lit.The bar which is in the back area was empty except for 2 patrons or workers sitting.The dining area was practically empty except for maybe 1 or 2 people not including myself which makes 3.There were playing some weird Discovery Channel enters the Tibetan Mountain folks documentary special on their center television.  It was quite entertaining and it gave it a real authentic presence?Hey, ti was only a Wednesday after all right?Waiter came right over and gave me the menu so I started to glance at it, skimming what I might ordered.Within 5 minutes, maybe 10 I glanced up again after checking into Yelp, half the restaurant was occupied."BAZINGA"...Was these people wearing one of those Harry Potter cloaks?Were they in the bathroom?Was I in an alternate time bubble that just popped?This was still a weekday after all in Jackson Heights.What I thought was going to be a quiet after work dinner perhaps having the whole restaurant to myself became what you might expect on a Friday afternoon brunch scenario.No loud ruckus though.I even ran into fellow Yelper Jocy C. which I believe is her regular spot so I will do my best to be gentle with this review.  lolAfter reviewing a shyt load of written reviews on Yelp I came to a decision on what I wanted to get only to get persuaded by Jocy to get the go to items when coming here.Thank you.For appetizers I ordered the Lamb Sekuwa.It came laid out on a plate of what I thought it was puffed up rice decor,So I only ate the lamb which was juicy, had a gamey taste that I really liked that was different than Halal lamb or even Greek lamb.Later that night, I found out that if it was puffed up rice it is supposedly be EVEN HEALTHY than regular rice because of higher protein content or something like that.Google.  I felt so dumb for not even asking.In addition I ordered the Yak Momo (Yak Dumplings) and Beef Shapta (sliced beef w garlic, red onion, red & green bell peppers; served with bhaley [Tibetan bread]) based on Jocy's recommendations.When the dishes arrived it also came with 3 different kinds of sauces.A green, funky, sour tasting sauce that would be closely resemble a cousin of the green sauce that you would use to dip your Italian bread at Colombian spots.Didn't care for that sauce particularly.The second sauce was a orange-y, peanut tasting sauce that went really well with both the momo and Shapta.The third and perhaps my favorite was this blood red, spicy, chili paste that would evoke a sweat in even the most seasoned heat seekers.Especially, when I was chewing on those spiced seeds like they were nothing.My hair was on fire after doing that.S...O...B.But I loved the taste of that on the Shapta not so much with the momo as it gave it a weird mixture of taste.The bread...oh THE BREAD was absolutely wonderful.The bhaley Tibetian bread had a mild sweet taste with a nice, soft doughy texture on the inside.Dip that in either the green, peanut or chili sauce and you got yourself some nom noms.I see this place as a low key spot for dates, company outings and ethnic food adventures.Return visit?You betcha.
This place rules. It's so delicious and flavorful. I got the vegetables momos and the tofu chili OMG. I'm going there again soon. Also. Prices are totally reasonable! AND the sauces are fantastic!!!!!
Their chicken tikka masala is delicious! Lightly charred and tender in a bowl full of sauce... Just the way I like it. Having the extra sauce to eat with my rice and naan. Can't beat that! The veggie Momo's were also very good. The "Thenthuk" (traditional tibetan style hand pulled flat noodle cooked with choice of (chicken or beef), radish and spinach) - I chose chicken and wasn't impressed. The soup wasn't very flavorful. The chunks of chicken was tough to chew. The noodles was ok. There wasn't enough soup to noodle ratio for my liking. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place. I'll try the beef Thenthuk next time. Staff was very nice. Seating seems a bit tight. There's no room to stand if you need to wait for a table. The host's station is also where the register is so it's always crowded by the entrance. It's a very odd place to have a register if there's no space.
I had the yak momo and the goat daal bhat tarkari (thali) and they were both fantastic.  Having never had yak, I thought the former was quite lean and hearty, especially with the dipping sauces.  I enjoyed the platter as well, as the assortment of small dishes offered a variety of flavors.  My only regret is I was too stuffed to try more things.  Will definitely come back.
I'm pretty much just going to rehash a bit of what everyone else has already said about this place.  The ambiance is nice, the wait staff is friendly, they had live music, and the food is pretty good. We ordered the vegetarian momos, vegetarian thali, and goat in gravy with rice.  Everything was good, except for the live music.  I mean they played well enough and sounded okay, it's just that they were so loud and did a 15 minute sound check.  That in turn kind of ruined the experience but overall it is good and I solidly support this place.
Not bad. Food is decent, but nothing amazing.Of course, with one caveat - I didn't get to try their yak because they ran out. So we ordered beef momos, blood sausage, and goat curry. The momos were not good at all. Maybe I'm too used to Chinese dumplings, but the momos did not do it for me. Skin was too thick and too tough. The beef filling was pretty much an overcooked meatball, which rolled out of the skin once you took a bite. Blood sausage was actually very tasty, although I would only recommend it if you're into that kind of thing. It's an acquired taste. The goat curry was good, except that it was very greasy. We asked for it gravy style, it looked like they poured a bunch of oil in the dry curry.Sauces come on a three cup holder and are interesting. Liked the avocado-green tomato one the best. Red sauce is HOT. Don't think that just because you can handle spicy that you can handle this! We also ordered Nepalese chai and Tibetan tea. Both were interesting, but I prefer the chai, which was slightly sweet and fragrant. The Tibetan tea tasted like tea with salty butter, not bad but strange.The service was very good here. All of the servers are nice and polite. It's not going to be a regular place for me, but I would probably go back at least to try the yak.
Holy chicken Loli pops, Garlic Nan, and Goat Curry! I've lived down the street from the Yak for nearly 2 years and just recently made my way in. I am ANGRY at myself for taking this long to try the delightfully balanced and economically delicious spread here. I've tasted my way through Jackson Heights and Woodside and Flushing but I wish I hadn't waited this long to give this place a try. Bring your girl, your parents, your kids, and your mistress if you've got one. No judgements on that one. I'll only judge if you don't come here immediately.
The yak Momos were incredible, perfect texture and flavors, nothing too exotic despite their protein choice. Everything else was missable. Next time I'll go here for appetizers and then move on to another place for mains
What a great find - there's something so soothing about this place right when you walk in.  The beef momo were very nice, though not something so amazing to warrant the trip.  The Shapta was so spectacular. Best dish I've had just about anywhere for a very long time.  Loved the bhaley with it too.  The goat curry had a wonderful flavor, but it was so incredibly chewy (I know goat is chewy in general, but this was a little beyond) that I wished they had either served it with a steak knife or cut it into much smaller pieces.  The flavor was so good, though, that I can hardly discredit it. Next time I won't be too shy to ask for a knife.All in all, totally delicious, perfect level of spice in everything and a true inspiration.  Very happy to return at some point in the future.
Amazing place. 1) Come here for the Momos and shapta. 2) The service is great. And the ambiance is amazing. 3) Check in on yelp between certain times, and you can get a discount.
Came here for lunch. Our server was nice and the food was good. Since there was 25% off with check-in, we ordered lots of food. We got: 1. Chicken lollipop- this was rly good, very crispy  on the outside and flavorful on the inside. 2. Papad masala- this is more like a snack than a appetizer. If you like chickpeas, go for it.3. Chicken and beef momo- we got half of it steamed and the other half panfried. Surprisingly, steamed momo taste very dry. While the panfried ones are juicier, so I would definitely recommend getting panfried ones. Pan fried Chicken momo was good. The beef momo tasted horrible, the meat was hard and when you bite into it, a whole lot of oil comes out.4. Goat thali- I really liked the goat curry. I think this would be a good choice for take-out because it's a lot of food and will definitely make u full..5.chicken sizzler- don't get this! The noodle was too salty and the chicken was too hard and dry.*they provide u with 3 sauces. I would recommend mixing them together so u get something that's sweet, salty and spicy.
