Great take on Tiawanese food with a slightly American spin at times! See dish ratings below :)- Clams & Basil w/ Scallion Pancake = Bangin- Griddled Pork Buns = Bangin - Zhajiangmian noodle = Bangin- Lu Rou Fan = On point
I came here for dinner on a weeknight and it was good! Very flavorful but for brunch this place is AMAZING. My boyfriend got the chicken and waffles, it was cooked to perfection. Chicken was moist and juicy and the outside with crispy. I got the Lou Rou fan and can I say, I've been craving it ever since! The portion size was huge and it was bursting with all of my favorite flavors! This place is a MUST TRY!
Fusion Taiwanese American, just as advertised. Excellent culinary execution in terms of cooking and presentation.However everything is on the SWEET side, golly. The same sauce combination on every dish becomes repetitive on the palette. That being said, if you pick apart each dish, it's spot on Taiwanese food! Recommendations: -Oyster Omelette -Lu Rou Fan-Sloppy Bao-House made chili oil, put that sh*t on everything (free)
Please come here This place has incredible food. Its right off the Montrose ave L stop so it's really convenient and the restaurant is pretty spacious. They don't offer delivery but you can order for pickup that was quick in my case The staff is really nice. Welcome me with a smile and happy to helpNow for the food: I ordered the pork pan grilled buns - those are delicious. They are crispy outside and moist inside and they come with some sauce and scallions. GET ITSecond, I ordered Lu rou fan. This is the Taiwanese take on fried rice - it comes with a pork mince, scallions, half boiled egg and inside a tasty broth. Though it was really good it was too salty, but I would order it again. Lastly I got the beef rolls with omelette- like scallion pancakes wrapped with an omelette and tender beef in the middle. It comes with some sweet sauce and lime and it's delicious. This place is great, the atmosphere is chill, its in a cool neighborhood and the food is delicious. Would definitely come back again
I was recommended by a friend who lives in the area. It was my last night in Brooklyn so I went to see what this spot was all about.We ordered the Marinated Cucumbers, Fried eggplant & The Beef Roll to start.First up was the Marinated Cucumbers. They were so good we almost ordered another round. Great if you're looking for something light and refreshing.After was the Fried Eggplant. It was nice and subtle. Loved the flavor combinations.Next was the Beef Roll. Easily my favorite item on the menu. This is the BEST Beef Roll I've had to date. The tender beef rolled up in egg, peppers and a scallion pancake. SO GOOD! Even better than my go to spot, Pine & Crane in LA (still bomb though )We could have easily ended it there but since it was our last night we decided to order the Big Chicken Bun. Everyone around us had ordered it so it was an easy decision. It did not disappoint. Not a traditional type of Taiwanese dish but I would recommend it if you have an appetite (a bit heavy).Overall my expectations were met and I'd go back the next time I'm in Brooklyn.
This is a review of the even by Tasting Collective that we attended. It was a 9-course brunch, created especially for this event. They are Taiwanese-American restaurant where you can enjoy authentic Taiwanese dishes with American twist. From the outside, it didn't look like much. Truth being told, it was not very attractive looking to me... So, I had my doubts before we walked in for this event that we were really excited to attend...And that all changed the moment we walked in. The inside was super nice, modern, elegant, and bright with lots of natural lights coming in. The tables and chairs were arranged to accommodate the event.The best part of Tasting Collective for me is the interaction with the chefs of the restaurant. The chefs came out at the beginning of the event to talk about their background, passion, and story of how they decided to open a restaurant together. The chefs came out few more times during the event to explain a bit more about the food that we were enjoying. Pretty cool!For the 9-course brunch created for this event, we got to enjoy Dou Jiang You Tiao, Guohua Street Salad, Citrus Salad, Pan-Griddled Pork Buns, Soft Scramble, Lu Rou Fan, Water Spinach, Congee, and finally, Chinese Cruller.  Needless to sya, we were completely full, happy and satisfied. Every dish was really great, flavorful, unique and delicious. It was great to have samples of their food, while getting the entire restaurant and chefs to ourselves. One of our friend already joined the Tasting Collective through me at discounted price after I raved about the event and the food.  Read my full review of this restaurant and food on my food blog, foodlovergirl.
Win Son, oh have you hit all my expectations and more. I have been meaning to visit this place since my girlfriend brought it up till one day I was like fuck it lets go. The place is spacious and the lights are actually made out of plastic bottles in a circular display which was quite nice. The restaurant serves a contemporary taiwanese american menu and it works. I came with a large group of around 7 and they were very accommodating.On to what we ordered (with pictures below):Scallion Pancakes served with a sweet soy and chili vinaigrette: This was amazing as the scallion pancakes was not greasy and the sauce complements it perfectly. I would recommend two orders of this for parties larger than 4 or 5.Pan Griddled Pork Buns in a chili vinaigrette and herb mix: HOLY SHIT!!! This is like soup dumplings that were slightly pan seared to give a good crispiness then mixed in chili oil and rice wine vinegar. The dumplings were still tender and the soup was gushing out after one bite. The chili vinaigrette added a nice depth of flavor. Must Get if you love being a fatass like me.Oyster Omelette made with goose point oysters, heritage pork, and taiwanese ketchup: This is like a old taiwanese specialty and damn do they make it well. The oysters were fresh and they do not hold back on how many they cram in an omelette. The ketchup just adds a nice sweetness an overall light dish. Get two of these over a group of 4. Guohua Street Salad with grilled shrimp, persimmons, chinese cabbage, smoked tofu over an assortment of greens: A fresh salad that helps cleanse your palate with a slight tanginess and an absolute amazing way to start a meal.Lu Rou Fan (Fried Rice) with minced heritage pork, fermented chinese broccoli, and soy egg: I love fried rice and their take on it with quality ingredients is superb. The amount of finesse they brought helped bring a multitude of flavors together. They did fried rice correctly and this will be what keeps bringing me back.Flies Head (Not actually a flies head) with red wattle pork shoulder, garlic chives, fermented black beans, and bird eye chili: This dish can be a bit spicy and is meant to be eaten with rice. Everything is diced, mixed, and sauteed together. The marriage of ingredients let me speechless. A kick from the spicy with the nice savoriness of the pork and freshneas of the chives. This is my trinity: Pork, Chives, and Chili Oil.Beef Roll with grass fed beef shank and egg wrapped in scallion pancakes: Very good as there is a bit of sweetness during the first bite which can be from the sauce that was used similar to hoisin. However, I was not blown away by this particular dish as it did not stand out as much as the others did.Zhajiangmian with lamb, yellow bean paste, and cucumbers in a similar chili oil vinaigrette: This is an old favorite but its more similar to shanghaiese places I've been to. The dish tasted fresh and vibrant as a well mixed bowl gives a burst of flavor---addicting and will get you going back for more.Fried Mantou with vanilla ice cream and condensed milk: Their dessert and an asian take on ice cream sandwich. They are generous with the portion of ice cream but nothing special here to make it really stand out after the wonderful dishes before.In conclusion, Win Son does some great things with some classic dishes. I had heard some great things about brunch as well. They are a solid establishment and I can see myself coming back again.
I first encountered Win Son during a mid-day stroll to Nam Nam. I plugged the name into Yelp and was pleased: 4 1/2 stars, relatively new, excellent photo contributions from Mike C. I bookmarked, banh mi'd, and looked forward to my first Win Son experience. I called mid-day Friday to see if I could book two seats--reservations just for parties of five or more. I was told if I wanted to beat the rush, I should show up at 7:00 or 7:30. Bit early for me, but more than willing to oblige.My bud JB and I met at 7:15 on the nose. JB's finishing up his doctoral residency and he's been putting in 24-hour shifts, so I figured a hearty Taiwanese-American meal would be just what this doctor ordered. Little medical humor, go with it. (I'm not a doctor.)Half-hour wait for a table, so we sat at the bar. Aside from the food, best decision we made all night. Bartendress Anavel gave us the lowdown on the crowd favorites, explained to me what a "soy egg" was, and gave me shit when I accidentally left the flash on, took a pic of a dish, and immediately apologized with the caveat, "I'm an Elite Yelper." She was wonderful.JB and I started with the pork buns--six for $9. Incredible. Bit like what I know to be a "soup dumpling", loaded with meat and broth inside and super hot. Pop 'em in your mouth and let the flavor just expl--OK, you get the gist.For dinner, JB and I split the Big Chicken ($13) and the Lu Rou Fan ($14). The Big Chicken was just that: big-ass deep-fried chicken breast, crispy, oily, piping hot, served on some sort of sweet brioche. Had that irresistible chicken-and-waffle profile, but even better. Is this Taiwanese? I have no idea, I wouldn't know Taiwanese cuisine if it said to me mid-bite, "Just so you know, I am Taiwanese food," but it was good as hell. The Lu Rou Fan would seem to be more traditional, with extremely tender pork belly, a delicious broth, rice, and that "soy egg" (I'm going "quote-heavy" today), which is soft-boiled and then steeped in soy sauce. Bomb.JB and I headed out just as the huge crowds started to arrive. Between the price, flavor, originality and experience of Win Son, it's no wonder they're packing them in.
Yeah. This place is every bit as good as people say it is. I had gotten off work pretty late and was thrilled to see that Win Son delivered to my apartment in Crown Heights (Caviar, yass). I was exhausted and all I wanted was asian comfort food and to pass out watching Top Chef. And that is exactly what I got. As Top Chef played in the background, I inhaled every ounce of the Lu Rou Fan and the beef roll. Both were absolute perfection. Needless to say, I slept like a baby that night.I can't wait to sample more items from Win Son's menu. Definitely going to add this to my delivery rotation moving forward - and you should too.
the noodles soup was good and this is probably one of the best asian restaurants in the area, but was also small and expensive, for the same price u get so much more at bunker
Food is great. Service is really on point! Had sticky tofu at the bar to start before friends got here, quite an interesting experience. Highlight of the dinner has to go to Gauhua street salad, runner up to fried eggplant.
I was introduced to Win Son by my Brooklyn Native Cousin, and at first I was thrown off BUT Win Son killed it!! They kept the original exterior of the Previous Chinese Restaurant Sign, looks run down, but when you go inside it's a breath of fresh air! Spacious, airy, clean and Delicious Food!! I love saying Win SoN!!
I am completely obsessed with this place. My boyfriend and I live a few blocks away from the restaurant and we have become total addicts, probably frequenting Win Son 25 times in the past year we have lived in this neighborhood. The scallion pancakes, pork buns, chicken sandwich, Danzi noodles and sesame noodles are some of our favorites. You really can't go wrong with anything on this menu and their cocktails are fantastic too. The staff is always super friendly and knowledgeable. It seems like they all genuinely like each other/operate as a great team, and it shows through their A+ service. I really can't say enough good things about this place. It is always my go to when I have visitors in town to impress. They never fail me!
You Win Son.  You lose Son.  Luckily, in this case, I won Son. So yeah...  Have wanted to try this place ever since it opened, but resisted 'cause I was afraid it was just a whole lot of over-hyped bs.  Then a friend came to town and I had to pick a spot for us to meet for dinner.  For some reason, I decided to risk eating here, and all I can say is I wish I hadn't waited so long:Anyway, we tried the Fried Eggplant, Salad with Shrimp and Smoked Tofu, Pork Buns, Beef Sesame Pancake Roll, and Zhagjiamian, aka Noodles with Ground Lamb.  The first three were my favorite.   Am not going to go into detail, except to say that even if you're not into tofu, try the aforementioned Salad; the tofu is julienned and adds a subtle, smoky flavor that isn't overwhelming at all.  The last two dishes were pricier and in all honesty, am not sure if they were worth it.  The Beef Scallion Pancake Roll arrived cut in six pieces for $19. And while yes, I get it's an elevated version of a Taiwanese classic, served up in an elevated and clean (!) dining space, for me, it needed to be at least three times better than what I can buy in Chinatown for less than a Lincoln, and am not sure it was.  The meat wasn't tender enough, making it a bit awkward to bite into and it was also a little cold.  The aforementioned Noodles were tasty, but for $16, the portion was on the small side.Ultimately, the food was 4-stars, but there were little things that added a star for me.  Am not usually one to observe small aesthetic details, but really loved the Chandeliers and that they appeared to be re-purposed from plastic water bottles.  Also couldn't help but notice the deliberately shabby looking outside awning and signage, belying a sleek interior that manages to feel both upscale and inviting.This is the sort of place that is rife with the potential for pretentious, condescending service, but we didn't encounter that at all.  Our server was warm and friendly and I LOVED that she made sure to let us know there was a Happy Hour that was ending at 7.  Most servers don't bother sharing HH details, so she got a permanent place in my heart just for that. Other staff members were equally pleasant, even wishing us a good night as we left.The food here wasn't perfect, but the overall experience of eating here made me feel happy and hopeful.  And I don't know about you, but in a borough crammed with eateries serving up creations that look better on insta than they actually taste, that is a very good thing.  A very good thing, indeed.
This place is a gold star in the neighborhood. I've had a lot of the food and it's all a winner, but the pork buns are by far the best (crowd pleaser!). My husband likes the cocktails more than me, which tend to be on the savory side, but the wines are great.Added bonus that the servers are wonderful and they let us bring our dog to the patio. All round, my favorite spot in the neighborhood.
Wow..Why does this place have such good reviews! !?? I am giving 1 star for the great ambiance and decor, 1 star for service, 0 star for food. Do these people know what TW food is all about?  Please go to Elmhurst and Flushing to experience real TW foods. Americanizing TW food doesn't mean to just raise prices with smaller portions. Every dish we ordered was extremely salty.  We had to force it down so that we are not wasting food.  The pork rice was too oily and salty.  The noodle dish was also like ocean water.  I am Asian myself, I believe this is for people who have never experienced real tw foods.
Ive had everything from brunch to dinner to dessert and win son is a win, son!Ive had the oyster omelette which was my first time ever having it and with nothing to compare it to it was a 10/10 for methe turnip cake w/ charred scallion (vegan) was amazingthe big chicken samich is some bomb ass shit Sesame noodle  w/ oyster mushroom and peanut (also vegan) was delicious That ice cream sandwich type desert thing was off the hookBloody mary was on point When i went for brunchIve also had 2 or 3 other cocktails off of their menuCheena colada is dopeBreakfast of champions with the housemade peanut milk and toasted coconut is also very goodhost /weight staff/bartenders all always super accommodating and friendly
The food was very good.  It's a cute place. It is very popular so on weekends there could be a wake. The scallion pancakes were great.  The dipping sauce was tasty. The pea shoots were delicious. The Lou ru fan also was great.  My only complaint was it was a little expensive because the portions were small and I had to order seconds.
I saw this place on instagram and it looked so good I had to go. Thankfully I wasn't disappointed! The bar tender asked how we heard of the place and were a bit shocked when I said I found it via instagram. Other than yelp I learn most new restaurants from instagram. I went with two buddies at dinner on a Friday (about 6pm) and the place was packed but thankfully 3 seats available at the bar.  I had the lou rou fan which was so delicious! I had this with Taiwanese beers in a can which were 6 bucks. The food is authentic and the food is flavorful. I'll come back here again when friends come into town and want some good Taiwanese food close by.
Roasted PeanutsPretty simple idea of pan frying roasted peanuts with five spice powder. You get a big bowl of it that we couldn't finish and ended up bring home a small take out container filled with the leftovers. The only complaint is that I wish it had some out as the first item versus with the second round of dishes. I don't think it takes long to prep and it would be great to have on the table with the first round of drinks but before the rest of the food started to come in.Turnip CakePretty good turnip cake that has been pan fried to a nice outer crust and wrapped in what I believe to be a thin scallion pancake. I do wish that there was more egg fried with the turnip cake, just a matter of personal preference of how I would pan fry it myself at home but good none the less. Admittedly I usually don't order a lot of turnip cakes because the handful of times I've gotten it outside of my mom's cooking I always felt like the cakes themselves tasted too watery, as if the extra water content wasn't removed after the turnip was shredded. Win Son's turnip cake doesn't have that problem and that's probably why their has such a nice crust.BK Egg BombProbably my favorite dish of the evening. Big fried bing covered with a bunch of sauce, runny eggs, and a very savory beef tartare. Usually I ramble on about dishes I really enjoy but really just get one to try. It's just packed with a bunch of strong, different flavors and is just the kind of food I would want after a night of drinking, but it's also very good just for dinner.Pea ShootsProbably blanched and then quickly tossed into a hot pan with some sesame oil and garlic. If you feel the need to balance out a heavy meal with some "healthier" vegetables, I can recommend this. I happen to really love sesame oil and garlic with my greens since I think the flavors pair well with the slight bitterness of the pea shoots.Big Chicken BunBasically a decently sized fried chicken sandwich. Not fried to the point of the chicken meat being dry but the outside surface was a bit overfried and darking and drier than I would prefer. But the mayo is a nice addition that helps with that. Beef RollInstead of the usual sliced beef, they use chucks of very tender beef shank that was probably braised or slow cooked. And usually beef rolls have too much oyster sauce with them and it becomes the prevailant flavor but this version doesn't have that issue.ZhajiangmianDisappointing. Not usually made with lamb and I'm not sure if that affected the dish in a negative way. I felt the dish was on the dry side and definitely needed more of the sauce. And perhaps if the more traditional beef or pork was used the fat content might have been higher and in turn not seem as dry.Wu Yu Zi MianHighly recommended. The roe provides a really nice salty, flavor rich addition. One of my friends with me usually doesn't like roe but this mixed into the rest noodles and she loved it.Love to build out of the restaurant. Looks like an old school corner greasy spoon type place but inside it's built out very clean and modern. Service was excellent and the drinks are pretty good too.
Excellent food, excellent service. I came here with my Taiwanese friends and experienced quite a feast! Highly recommend it!
Modern Taiwanese American food. The dishes were probably too pretty to eat. The price though was a little too high in my opinion. We basically got everything on the menu (we had a lot of ppl). I would recommend the pan gridded port buns. The sauce was really nice and the bun was really juicy inside. For the entree I would recommend the lu rou fan and the beef roll. They were really tasty. The noodles were decent but I would go to the tang (newly opened!) for better handmade noodles. Automatic -1 star for not having AC in this freaking hot weather!! Couldn't properly enjoy the food as I was just sweating like crazy in the end. Maybe I'll come back in the winter.
After reading some reviews of this place, I was a bit wary. While it definitely was not "authentic" Taiwanese, it was quite interesting and tasty fusion food (albeit a bit pricy). The hostess said there would be a 40 minute wait but they texted us with a table ready within 15 minutes. Note that they have a weird 5 person minimum if you want to make a reservation. The lighting is quite dark - definitely more of a bar vibe than what I would expect from a Taiwanese restaurant. The ambiance is overall quite upscale.We ordered the big chicken sandwich, fried eggplant, sesame noodles, chiña colada, and vaquero chino. I would definitely recommend the vaquero and eggplant as they were very interesting and unique. The sesame noodles was a small portion, given the price, but still rather good.  My sister loved the chicken sandwich. She's been to Win Son a few times and she and her friends say that's the best dish they have, so if you eat meat, definitely order that!
Terrific Taiwanese-American food in a hip, cozy atmosphere. Try the eggplant and pork dumplings!
Winson has this very tasty dessert that is layered in condensed milk you should try it. This will not disappoint.
solid traditional food with a little extraslightly overpriced/small servings, anorexic drinkswarm service - good if you're in the area
Delicious Taiwanese authentic/Americanized food. Was here with a group of 7 and we had tried almost everything on the menu. I would recommend doing the same, so you can try more dishes, flavors, and get the full Taiwanese food experience. Scallion PancakeTurnip CakeOyster OmeletteWater SpinachGarlic CucumbersBig Chicken BunBeef RollMontou Ice Cream SandwichNot sure I had a favorite dish, everything was solid. Service was friendly and attentive.
A couple of home run dishes, but some real flaws too.ProsThe flys head and Lu ru fan were the highlights for me.  Delicious and really different/exciting dishes.  The former was salty and garlicky, lots of strong green onion with minced meat to be eaten over rice.  The Lu ru fan had a lot of different flavors, with nice soy sauce egg, picked greens, and stewed meat, also over rice.  Clearly, two dishes that you don't see everyplace,ConsBiggest flaw had to be the beverages.  I had an Ithaca Flower Power IPA that didn't taste right, and my friend's Kirin was fairly flat.  The pan fried pork buns were good, but over cooked--dry and a little overly browned.  And certainly not as interesting as everything else.  The Lamb Cumin Noodles (can't remember the name on the menu) were all right, but nothing special.Our server was nice, although our drinks did take forever.
Good place. The wait was a little long, but we got a spot at the bar. The scallion pancakes were good, prom buns were phenomenal.
It's a good  restaurant ,very fantastic feeling about new Taiwan food ,very enjoy the meal here.excellent !!!!
This place is amazing, right off the Montrose L train.The cucumber appetizer is the best rendition of cucumbers I have ever had in all my life,andthe pork buns (not traditional pork buns) are more like fried dumplings but so much better. The portions are large so dont over order or youll be leaving in a food coma!
Wow, really really impressed with this place!! I think this is my new favorite restaurant in nyc/bk! I didn't really know what to expect going in since the facade gives more of a casual vibe but the inside atmosphere is great. We sampled a number of things on the menu since we were with a bigger group but the items that really stood out to me were the marinated cucumbers, the fried eggplant (my favorite dish!), the beef roll, the sesame noodles, the big chicken bun. Honestly it was one amazing dish after the next. And everything was bursting with flavor, sauce, stickiness, texture! I am still thinking about each dish craving it so bad, i need to go back right now! kudos to the chefs, staff and owner, this place is a gem!
I went to Win Son last Saturday for brunch and ordered the Big Chicken and Waffle, which turned out to be quite delicious despite the unusual pairing. I loved the texture and taste of both the waffle and the chicken, but felt that the gravy/sauce was a little bit too much. The chicken tasted something Japanese-style chicken katsu. In addition, the scallion pancake was very good as well.The decor was very casual, with exposed brick and some artwork, though not overdone. Plenty of natural light. Overall, it wasn't what I was expecting from an establishment that bills itself as Taiwanese American, though a surprise is always nice.
The food was actually not bad and I appreciate their take on Taiwanese food. I would say it was more Taiwanese + American fusion rather than the real stuff you get on the street in Taiwan. If you want real authentic food, I would go to flushing for the real deal. Given that it was in Williamsburg, naturally, it was very hipster.The reason why I only gave three stars was because of my take out order. I was told to go to the back to the bartender to order. It took me a bit to really get his attention since he seemed overwhelmed since he was the only one managing the bar for a large number of people. It took awhile to get his attention. When I went, I thought it take at maximum 15/20 minutes but unfortunately it took almost an hour... (50 minutes to be exact) to finally receive my order. Left disgruntled and hungry when I left and definitely not going to order from here again!
Great restaurant with a lot of stand out dishes. I'm a big fan of the pan griddled pork buns and the fried mantou dessert was delicious. The waiters/ waitresses are all really nice which is always a plus.
I love the menu selection - simple comforting taiwanese/chinese food that could almost be called fast food or street food, but it's way better than takeout. It's the type of food I could eat once a week if I lived down the block. Definitely order an assortment of dishes to share family-style. I recommend ordering at least 1 small and 1 large dish per person. Some of my favorites were the oyster omelette (pockets of slightly gooey oysters in a thin crepe that's crisp on the edges), water spinach (a simple but delicious vegetable dish), big chicken bun (essentially a really good fried chicken sandwich with a soft sweet bun reminiscent of a pineapple bun), and lu rou fan (chopped up pork belly over rice, definitely an indulgent fatty dish that reminds me of sisig). Flies head is kind of (REALLY) an offputting name, but apparently the name stems from the fermented black beans that look like flies heads. In any case, it's a tasty stir-fry of finely chopped garlic chives (a mild and sweeter cousin of chives/scallions) and ground pork that goes great with rice and reminds me of home-cooked Chinese food. The beef roll is a take on one of my favorite Chinese dishes - a good rendition with tender thinly sliced beef + fried egg rolled up in a scallion pancake, but I missed the duck sauce and the pancake could have been crispier. Zhajiangmian is fairly average and not saucy enough to my liking - without sauce the minced lamb can't hold onto the noodles. I'd also skip the pan-griddled pork buns, which are not juicy enough to be considered a true soup dumpling or shenjianbao. Unfortunately, I wasn't a fan of the one dessert they offer, the fried mantou. Instead of the mini soft buns I'm used to, they use one huge bun to sandwich a scoop of vanilla ice cream and drizzle plenty of condensed milk on top. The huge bun was not fluffy nor crisp enough as it should be. I'm thinking it might be due to the cold ice cream or the condensed milk that made it soggy before we could dig in. I wish they kept this one classic, fried mini baos with a dish of condensed milk on the side for dipping. There are some improvements to be made here and there, but overall a very satisfying meal. The prices are higher, but of course the ambience/decor/presentation and food quality (note where they source their seafood/meat on the menu) makes it worth it.
Had the best experience eating here! Went in on a Tuesday night and was seated immediately. Everything on the menu looked delicious, so of course the 2 of us ordered enough for a family.Here's what we had:Fried eggplant (I'll be dreaming about this one)Sesame peanut noodlesBeef rollLu Rou FanZhajiangmian Cocktail menu looked interesting. Can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu!
Super popular joint! Crowded with young professional hipsters. I wouldn't say the dishes here are traditional; they're more like fusion Taiwanese. For traditional traditional, I would recommend Taiwan Bear House in Chinatown. But I did end up liking the food here at Win Son, especially the lu rou fan, beef roll, zhajiangmian and sesame noodles. Try to get a reservation, you'll be in for a wait otherwise. I'd say it's worth a trip coming out to experience Win Son for a fresh take on Taiwanese food.
Pahhh-leeze, this is not Taiwanese food.  Why all the high reviews I wonder?1. Many are ignorant and don't know any better? Could be.  2. People in Brooklyn has bad taste?  Can't Be!3. Hipster-ed up place and prettied up dishes?  Must be!4. Cheap, good taiwanese food can't be found anywhere near? NO WAY!But first, before the bashing begins, lets show proof of said debacle.  We ordered: -lu rou fan 2.5 stars                    -oyster omelette 2.5 stars                    -beef roll 2.5 stars                    -Pan Griddled Pork Buns 3.0 starsBasically, the main component tying all of these dishes together is the fact that nothing was very authentic or true to a Taiwanese dish.  Ok fine, it's American New, but even then, nothing tasted "New".  Then, the same physical component we keep seeing over and over is the deep fried onion and scallions that is on top of every dish.  If you're going to charge customers so much for a dish, at least be more creative.  Anyone can buy cheap deep fried onions from an Asian market and throw it on everything.  I love those things! That's why I know.  Let's break down the dishes.  The oyster omelette for example, has been tweaked and created for a very Western palate.  Too much egg, not enough, scratch that, NO tapioca/chewy/"mucous-y" base that is traditional to an oyster pancake.  The oysters were okay as well, didn't seem that fresh.  This dish was "Panda-Expressed" and was okay.The beef roll, was good.  Again, the cheater fried onions and scallions on top, but overall not bad.  However, $14 is steep.  The pork buns I do like.  They are fried to get the crispy bottom and is brought out drowning in chilli oil.  Of course, the famous fried onions and scallions rears its big head.  The dough was on the thinner side and not fluffly, but still good.  Also the meat was tasty.  However, the same dilemma exists, okay food, but super pricey.So I've broken our experience down to my previous experience with Taiwanese food and what I experienced here at win son.  We walked away not very full and disappointed.  It wasn't a win for us.
For the win, son. The big chicken bun gave me new life. If you told me something could taste that good, I'd call you a liar. It's a little bit of sweet with a little bit of savory. I chose to top it with some Sriracha for added perfection.  Shout out to Logan for being a boss. Her excellence must not be missed.
Your white friends will love this place. I'm posting more so this will be a review and not a tip. Good service, food kind of weird though. Scallion pancake only really done on one side. Dishes are really hard to picture from the description. Eggplant bland. The end.
Honestly might be one of the best places to eat in this area - and I have tried most. I am a super picky eater and so are my friends who visit and this is still our favorite place. Go with the wait staff's recommendations. Amazing flavors, wide variety of food and a great social environment.
My first choice restaurant east of Manhattan. Probably including Manhattan, as well. Food is modern Asian "fusion" but with none of the BS or trying gimmicks. Interior is fun but does not serve as a replacement for underwhelming food. Jesse, the manager, took fantastic care of us on a busy Saturday night. 6 stars/5
You won't get it until you're here. This is what it's all about. The ideals of a Taiwanese American restaurant, food that represents both cultures symmetrically. Somehow a Virginia raised chef can cook Taiwanese food that speaks so loudly to a Taiwanese guy like me. Get the eggplant, guohua st salad, little baos, turnip cake, zhajiang noodles and lu rou fan. Everything is delicious, those are my favorites.
Best Taiwanese food I've had in a very long time. So freaking delicious!
Casual and fun!! Nothing beats authentic Taiwanese food! Definitely go with a group and order one of everything on the menu! One of the best things on the menu is the sloppy bao!! A must have that I wouldn't want to share with anyone! And make sure to try their house made hot sauce!
Because I am an expert at finding out the best in everything and everywhere, I had to do more searching and the Nutritious Sandwich is the best eat here. A ham sandwich with pineapples and some other flavoring inside. Really tasty, the bread in it is absolutely delicious.
I'm so excited that the Brooklyn food scene is taking flight. The interior is nothing fancy which is nice, keep it simple. They don't take reservations for parties less than 5. But when I spoke to someone over the phone they were nice enough to help me plan when the best time to come as a walk in was. drinks: were unique and strongghost of phil- green tea infused bourbon breakfast of champions- almond milk, toasted coconut, rum creamchina colada- cilantro, rum, basilauntie leah- gin, cherry, limesmall plates: tasty & very shareable scallion pancake- a staple pork buns- I feel as if they were gone before they hit the tablefried eggplant- favoriteshared plates: also shareable but I think next time we'll pick more from the small plates section lu rou fan- hard to compare to momma's versionshared fried chicken (a special)- good but we'll try the big chicken bun the next time aroundI was too distracted trying the intriguing cocktails but I did notice that the small wine selection was mindfully crafted (will try to pair wine with the food later). The great thing is after leaving, I know I'll be back to order a few of the same dishes but I'm also anticipating trying new things!Tip: the name of the restaurant is pronounced "one son"
I stumbled on this place and was surprised with some of the best food I've never tried in my years. The menu is strange and foreign, but it didn't  scare me. Many of the things on the menu are just delicious. I didn't try every dish,but overall it is a good introduction to Americanized Taiwanese food. The hualien egg is tasty, but a bit salty for my taste. They are Taiwanese-American restaurant where you can enjoy authentic Taiwanese dishes with an American twist. I will go back and try other dishes because their approach is interesting.
I went here with husband pretty excited to have another Asian spot in the neighborhood. I am Asian myself and have been to Taiwan (ate a shit ton in Taipei). Decor and vibes were great but food was disappointing:( small portions, over priced. Napkins pretty fancy though so maybe they should cut on that. Had the fried eggplant paired with cashews and some kind of cheese like creme fraiche, $9. I get the effort to make interesting combinations but it wasn't working. Husband had noodles, v little broth and one tiny shrimp on top .noodles were overcooked. $17!
Taiwanese restaurant in E. Williamsburg/Bushwick. Times have changed!Win Son opened up shop in mid-May 2016 in the space of what looks to be a former bodega. The space itself is quite nice, open, with three large modern chandeliers hanging in a row pointing at the bar. As of writing this review, I've come to the restaurant three-four times over the past 6 weeks; pretty good record! *pats self on back*. Each time staff have been quick and attentive and I have been able to be seated immediately/close-to.The first time didn't really wow me, but each successive time I've had a better and better experience. Since I've been I've had the scallion pancakes, turnip cake, oyster omelette, roasted peanuts, pan griddled pork buns, lu rou fan, sesame peanut noodles, nutritious sandwich, and the big chicken bun. That's roughly 80% of the menu.What I found to be the standouts were the oyster omelette, pork buns, and lu rou fan. The oyster omelette is well seasoned, the oysters are large and flavorful. The pork buns come as 6 well portioned/made buns in a large bowl sitting in chinese vinegar. The stuffing is juicy and the vinegar helps cut the fat of the pork. The lu rou fan is a bowl of white rice covered in a chopped braised pork which was cooked in a soy sauce base with chinese brocolli, egg and some crunch.The nutritious sandwich is two deep fried mochi buns with ham and pineapple. It is tasty but the deep fried mochi bun is very rich and heavy.The big chicken bun tastes of soy sauce and is basically a fried chicken sandwich.Food is definitely a dressed-up, modern take on taiwanese fare.Another thing to note is that this place serves Taiwan beer. I have yet to have been to another Brooklyn restaurant which does. The cocktails are also quite nice.Really happy to have Win Son in the neighborhood - good food, great service, a beautiful space.PS. accepts credit cards, no AMEX.
Just want to prelude my review with I know very little about Taiwanese food.Came here Friday night at 8 and it was packed but fortunately we had reservations for a group of seven.  Lots of drink options and at affordable prices and they had some Taiwanese beer which my friend enjoyed.Ordered oyster omelette (my favorite appetizer, might be able to stretch this into a meal if it was larger and over rice), pork buns (also delish) and the scallion pancakes.  All were solid.  We got a variety of mains but I only remember mine a beef noodle soup that was very flavorful and perfect for the cold night.  It had a ton of chives and veggies which I personally liked but someone in my party thought it was a bit too much.  It included short ribs and had a slight spice to it, almost like a bun bo hue.  It included a slight wide rice noodle that I enjoyed.  Included pic of dish.Service was stellar and I would come back to check out some of their other dishes.  Came out to ~$50 per person, with 4 apps and everyone having a drink or two.
I absolutely love this place. The DELICOUS food, friendly and kind service, awesome beverage selection make this an fantastic dining experience. The food is also priced extremely well considering the quality and portion you're gettingI can't stress enough how expertly done the plates are. The flavors, plating techniques and creativity behind he menu are what keep me coming back so frequently. I just love everything about this restaurant. Chef Kyle is just the coolest dude who clearly loves making people happy with delicious food. Nadia is always a delight behind the bar, she is so warm and sweet and does a great job taking care of people. I love you guys!
An unbelievable and unexpected experience. We started with the roasted peanuts and happy hour beer, what goes better with beer than peanuts? And these peanuts were amazing. We had the scallion pancakes, big chicken bun, sesame noodles, pork buns, flies head, sloppy naps, and beef roll. Everything was amazing. I loved the variety. Jesse came out to check on us and bought us all bourbon shots to finish. Our waiter was perfect and even the hostess (Sharon) came to check up on us too. It felt like a family dinner!  I love this place. Thanks Win Son!
Absolutely delicious, with super friendly service.  Oyster pancake a phenomenon; peanut noodles not so much, way too thin and soupy.  Portions are small; expect at least $50 per, with drinks; thus my four stars instead of five.  And oh, man, that ice cream dessert.Pricey but wonderful, and close to the L.  Go!
Win Son is a modern take on Taiwanese food. Built in an old deli, it's exterior looks almost deceiving. We started with Taiwan Beer and the Chiña Colada (creative name!). The colada is rather foamy and thick. We got the Pork Buns (dumplings), which were amazing. The sauce definitely adds flavor. The Fried Chicken Bun is also to die for. It reminds me of Baohaus's Chairman Bao, multiplied in size by 5. It's a large portion. Lastly, we got the Zhajiangmian. The noodles were good but I felt like the lamb lacked something; it tasted more like ground beef. The staff was great. I really wish they delivered but I will definitely be back for more.
The idea that this far stretch of Eastern Williamsburg can support a Taiwanese restaurant is an exciting proposition. I anxiously waited through the long months as Win Son (née Winsome) rose from a long abandoned Puerto Rican restaurant on the corner of Montrose and Graham Avenue. After two visits - one during the "soft" opening and one shortly launch - I think it's clear that while there are many solid elements, the restaurant isn't quite fully formed. I'll start with what I liked, because it's a sizable list. The inside space is inviting, softly lit with a largely white interior. I love that they kept elements of the old aluminum awnings, all with a new interior. The servers are very friendly, ready to tell a story and refill drinks at the same time. I appreciate the deep drink list, which includes several surprising draft beers, more than half a dozen cocktails and wine. I found my cocktails on both occasions to be strong in both flavor and alcohol, mixing in spice and unusual ingredients in combinations that were very drinkable.Where I get concerned is in the overall direction of the menu. There are no Taiwanese restaurants for miles around, so this can be a vital place to get dishes not available elsewhere. I thought the very first iteration of the menu sometimes seemed to sacrifice great taste for "clever" updates on classic dishes. The best example of this was the three cups chicken (sometimes just called san bei ji on English menus) where the juicy chunks of chicken meat had been swapped out for fried chicken livers.I'm glad this dish is gone on the most recent version of the menu, although I hope it returns in a more traditional version. Also appearing recently is a "scallion pancake," which is really more of a roti with an excellent chili oil sauce. The zhajiangmian is a great weekday dish, lighter than it would be served in China's northeast with the addition of lamb. It's not exactly traditional,but it's also not fussy, and tastes great. I see Win Son is closed today, Memorial Day. The sign on the front door promises behind the scenes they are working to create an ever better, more delicious experience. I don't doubt that - and I have high hopes for this restaurant as it continues to evolve and grow in the months to come.
This is my favorite restaurant in New York.Best Taiwanese restaurant!!!I've come here couple times with my friends. We love here. Both service and food are great!Don't hesitate to check this place!
One of the best and most flavorful food i have eaten in a long time. The service is really great, everyone was extremely nice and helpful, and the dishes were absolutely amazing and reasonably priced. We tried scallion pancakes, nutritious sandwich, and street salad and loved every bit of t. The place itself is also very cute, can't wait to go back and try more.
Came here alone on a Saturday night and skipped the lengthy wait by eating at the bar. Had the scallion pancake & pea shoots - generous with the fried shallots! I also had the China Colada and it was excellent- unique balance of flavors, true to the cuisine but novel. Saw someone else's order of the eggplant - definitely going back for that one, and the black sesame cocktail. Ambiance is sexy without being seedy. Bartenders are friendly and efficient. Simple, authentic and delicious.
Awesome to see a Taiwanese restaurant in north Brooklyn. The food was excellent. Modern takes on traditional dishes without the over the top hipster pretentiousness. The menu is small but offers a wide variety of dishes. Beer is cheap and everything is reasonably and competitively priced. Service was good and the manager took care of us when one of our orders was held up due to a kitchen error. Ambience is nice as well, spacious and lively but not too loud. Can't wait to see new dishes they'll be offering in the future. We orderedScallion pancakesMarinated cucumbersZha Jiang MeinNutritious sandwich
Solid, innovative Taiwanese food. Found some of the sauces a bit salty though. The oyster omelette is highly recommended,different than the ones in the night markets but just as good !
Win Son is one of my favorite restaurants in Brooklyn. Heck, maybe in all of NYC. It's THAT good! I'm Chinese, so you can trust me. Benes: The restaurant is perfectly hipster for the neighborhood. CHECKIt's authentic while still innovative in fusing American taste buds to classic Taiwanese/Chinese dishes. CHECKServes alcohol. CHECKWonderfully simple but casually elegant decor. CHECK Great service. CHECK Literally, I can't find a fault. Normally, I would write a paragraph on every dish I've had there. That would turn this review into a 5 page essay because we've frequented Win Son quite a few times. I will say that everything I've eaten has exceeded my expectations. Here are my favorites, but please please go try for yourself: Hualien egg bomb (Brunch only)Big Chicken & Waffles (Brunch only) Pan-griddled pork buns Lu Rou Fan Sesame Peanut Noodles Flies Head - this was so good it inspired me to make it at home and then I went through a phase where I literally cooked this 1x per week and my boyfriend got really sick of it but I LOVED IT. :)Bon appetite!
The most amazing food and service! Everything I ate was on point. The fried eggplant, lu rou fan, wu yu si main noodles (on their specials card, also my favorite dish), a nutritious sandwich (compliments of the kitchen, thank you!!) and the fried mantou were perfect and not a crumb was left behind!! Washed it down with Taiwan beer, yum. Definitely coming back for more :)
Hands down the best food in Williamsburg, great atmosphere no matter if busy or quiet. Super friendly staff, and amazing drinks, in a quieter part of the neighbourhood which makes it extra nice cos you can go and get merry in Duck Duck after!I'd eat here every day if I could and I'd eat the griddled pork buns, marinated cucumbers, and big chicken bun. Then take home a second order just so I didn't have to be without. Actually it's probably my favourite restaurant in the world.
I came here with my sister for her bday. Their portions are small for my big appetite heh but it's very good. Also, their fried ice cream it's great, it's like a cow cream between home made fried cakes.
Brand grand spanking new restaurant Taiwanese American style. Service is great vibe is  relaxing and the foods a must try. If you're into trying new food come by.
Heaven. Lots of vegan friendly options at dinner. Can't wait to come back. I'm still thinking about those pancakes and sesame noodles.
Great modern interpretation of Taiwanese classics. Everything tasted clean. Yes, more expensive than Flushing, but the food here was refined, well plated, and less rough around the edges. The chef is ex-Craft and Upland, and not Taiwanese. I really appreciate how well he creatively put his twist on these dishes while not sacrificing the authentic flavors.Table for 4 on Saturday night ~8pm. No wait when we got there but there were pockets of waiting time for people who came later. They take reservations for 5+ people. We went family style and ordered half of the menu. Half of us had never tried Taiwanese food before. Ambience is relaxed, retro decor. There was a table of 10+ behind us and it was noisy - either it's the acoustics or it was the table of 10+. There are a few round tables, booths along the walls. Bar in the back.The drink menu is pretty long. There are Taiwanese beers, cocktails, and even Apple Sidra (apple soda). I noticed some items on the online menu that weren't on their menu, so keep that in mind. I liked the fresh/green ingredients in the dishes. We had:- Oyster omelette. Hate the starchy mess that you get in Taiwan? This is mostly egg, veggies, and some plump oysters. No starchy mess.- Cucumber salad. Very nicely seasoned. My friend who cooks often asked for the recipe and they shared it with her.- Fried eggplant. Also delicious. - Turnip cake. Dish was smaller than expected. Wrapped in a thin layer of egg. We asked for a knife. - Beef roll. This was yummy. Very authentic. - Flies head. No actual flies, just a stir fry of ground pork, chives, and some other stuff. There is a place in Flushing that had a spicier version, which I liked more. This dish goes great with some rice. - Chicken Bun. This is a fried chicken sandwich on a bun, sliced in half. Very Western, but this is like something you would find in Japan/Taiwan. - Sesame peanut noodles. We asked for it without pork since we had one person who didn't eat pork. (Overall there was enough for her to eat but there is a lot of pork on the menu and you can't omit it for certain dishes, not that we ever asked.) This is normally a cold dish. They served it hot. Sadly, this was the weakest link of what we ate. Needed more flavor. But, since it's a noodle dish, the portion size was fairly large. - Zhajiangmian. This is the Taiwan version (there is a black bean Korean version) and I loved it. The egg noodle was perfect complement for the lamb mixture. Service was really friendly. I recognize that they're a new restaurant and that there are small hiccups - which still makes them better compared to a super authentic Asian place that lacks customer service. Parking was easy. With some drinks, we made out $40/pp.
Living in Queens, it's not the best commute to Brooklyn, but the menu and cocktails are so worth the trek down to Win Son. Their fried eggplant appetizer is killer, and their pork buns are not the traditional pork buns that you may be thinking of (it's better!). The restaurant is spacious and the whole vibe is hipster, casual, comfortable, and easy-going. Definitely going back real soon!
I did not enjoy the food here as much as the rest of the reviewers. It's extremely salty and yet bland. I have been here twice and this is what I've tried:Lu rou fan - salty Sesame noodles - blandChicken wings - the only thing that I liked but it is not on the menu only a special
Best Taiwanese eats in NYC.  Cool spot and delicious food.  Beef roll, egg bomb, chicken sandwich.. just order everything and you won't be disappointed!
Worth the L ride to Brooklyn to check this out.  For appetizers, we got the steamed pork buns and the new grilled shrimp salad.  The pork buns were great because they had a sauteed, crsipy bottom that went well with the soft bun.  The grilled shrimp salad had a nice, savory peanut dressing that was delicious.  For entree, we got a beef roll, which was beef and egg wrapped up in a crispy scallion pancake.  Overall the portions were huge for the price and staff were nice and helpful when picking dishes.
This place amazed me Sunday night. What I mean is-- how are they able to charge people this much for run-of-the-mill Taiwanese food? The dishes are presented really nicely and the atmosphere is very hip. But charging $11 for a single turnip cake with a bunch of scallions on top?! Consider my mind blown.No, it was not a mind-blowing turnip cake. Sure, it was fried very well, but the flavor of the turnip itself was bland and nothing special. This is probably why there was so much sauce (some sort of Taiwanese BBQ drizzled with strong sesame oil) in the dish as well. I ate it in 3 and a half bites. I have had better turnip cake both at home and in Flushing (for much cheaper).I also ordered the beef roll ($14) and zhajiangmian ($16). The beef roll (beef shank in scallion pancake) was overall not bad, but not perfect. The beef itself was a little bit dry, and the whole thing was underwhelming.The zhajiangmian (long flat noodles with lamb and light garlic-y sauce) was actually delicious! It was easily the best tasting dish. Add in some chili sauce from the table, and it's perfect. I felt like I was eating a Taiwanese mom's special home-cooked dish. But if it was actually the case that I was being fed by a Taiwanese mom, I imagine I would have felt nice and full afterwards. Here at Win Son, this dish left me feeling hungry still. The portion was not big enough.I have to add that the service was attentive and the bathroom was well-kept and even had a space heater in it.Conclusion: Come here if you want fancy-looking Taiwanese food in a hip Brooklyn neighborhood. Just know that you can be eating basically the same thing for much cheaper elsewhere. And actually feel satisfied/full.
I dine in and order for pick up regularly from Win Son, as I live just a block away. Tonight when I ordered for pick up, I was told that the chef is refusing to do take out orders during arbitrary hours on Fridays and over the weekend. For a regular customer, this is ludicrous. Awful customer service.
Best Taiwanese place ever. I can never say anything bad. I hight recommend brunch and dinner. Awesome menu
Best meal of my top 20 list in my life. Why? Nondescript storefront but inside, pure heaven. Lisi, the amazing waitress reviewed the menu and guided us well. Her connection made the night. The seating is comfy despite being a tad close to neighbors. Music is perfectly suited and level loud enough to hear but allowing for convo. Wine pours are solid and well priced. Food is artfully plated and full of flavors. We had 3 wines, two apps and two entrees around a buck and change. Stand out eggplant app and the scallion pancakes. Totally a wow experience.
Do yourself a favor and try the pan fried pork buns and the scallion pancakes, you won't be disappointed. It's an ideal date spot, especially if you can grab a seat outside when the weather's nice. The music they play is pretty dope too, I'd just avoid bringing kids on a day a famous rapper died (RIP Prodigy).
I lived in Taiwan all my life so I think I have a good idea what good Taiwanese food is and this place is excellent.  It takes the most beloved Taiwanese traditional food and embellish them with Americana.  Tradition meets modern.  Best kg both worlds.
The noodle & pork were delicious! Best hang out food and it was so tasty....can't go wrong with the oyster and eggs. I will come back to try dinner and the Bloody Mary was spicy and strong. Chef josh & twiggs know their food!!
Finally some good flavors in bushwick. Sesame noodles was amazing, fried egg plant was scrumptious. Can't wait to go back and try other dishes. Loved the decor
Amazing flavors ! Crispy fish special was amazing but everything we got was unreal! eggplant dish was our favorite. Pork buns were delicious too. Sesame noodles !!!!
Unique, bustling atmosphere with a very attendant and friendly staff. I've been twice now, and after trying their (what already seems to be famous) chicken sandwich, I couldn't help but write a review. I've never had anything like it. The sauce was homemade and amazing. The chicken was cooked and fried to perfection. It was huge, so I'll be back as soon as I'm finished digesting it. And oh yeah -- the manager Corey is a total cutie pie ;)
The ambience is nice. The food is creative but tastes only ok. $15 for a bowl of noodles with mushroom is kinda pricey. The hostess could be a little friendlier. A smile could go a long way.
Amazing food, friendly staff, reasonable prices. Heard from a few friends this place was amazing, but it blew away my expectations. Ordered way too much, highlights included the marinated cucumbers (the dark horse favorite), the dumplings(world class), fried eggplant, fried fish (incredible), and chicken bun(hands down the best fried chicken I've ever had). Staff hooked us up with a drink and overall it was incredible. 10/10 would return if in town!
The food was good but the overall experience was a bit unpleasant because we ordered the special - a seabass - among other things. Of course we assumed the special would cost more than the typical entree(maybe $30?) because it is indeed special, but we were shocked when we got the bill and saw that it cost nearly 4 times (!) anything else on the menu!  The fish was $55. We probably should have said something at the time, but we were taken aback and what could we do, the meal was over - but it was one of those scenarios where after we left, the more we thought about it, the more inappropriate and misleading the experience seemed. If you want to offer a special that is so much more than anything else on your menu, by all means do so, but you should probably communicate that to your customers - especially when it's a dish like single serving fish which one doesn't necessarily associate with a $50+ pricetag like you might at a steakhouse.Just really left a bad taste in our mouths which is a shame because the fish did actually taste great.
The owner is a friend of a friend. Decided one night to Check it out. On a Saturday around 9pm the place was pretty packed and had the typical Williamsburg laid back yet classy feel. OKAY. So about the food.....  The drink menu is AHHH MAZINGGGGG!!!! Bartender included (didn't get his name) my favorite was Teresa teng and breakfast of champions. Complete opposites but equally good. Plates are big so an app to share and an entire each would suffice. I did however receive two dishes complements of the chef totaling to trying 6 dishes off the menu. 1. Marinated cucumbers were refreshing little bites. Perfectly pickled.2. Pan griddled pork buns * were my favorite of the night. Similar to pan fried dumplings, it was great 3. Beef roll was OKAY. I had such high expectations but it just missed it. The meat was a bit fatty(could feel chunks of fat as I chewed) egg was minimal and the wrap outside was hard to tear. I felt it needed to be crisped a bit to add some contrast and the dished desperately needed some acid to cut through the richness. 4. Fried eggplant was very good but not really my "taste" It was a bit too sweet but the sauce helped a lot. I ended up eating more of it then I thought I would. Kind of weirdly addicting5. Water spinach was a great veggie dish. I used it mostly as a palate cleanser. But oh so good! This is my unbiased review, I would definitely eat here again. My mouth waters thinking about those drinks !!! The Owner is an awesome dude! Go try it !!!
CHILL WIN SON. Pretty dope, one of the more interesting places to open for a while in Williamsburg. If you want to really sample the menu, skip the beef rolls and chicken sandwich.
This is one of those places that looks like a hole in the wall on the outside but is actually really beautiful and trendy on the inside.  The food was spot on.  For my first visit I did a meal of appetizers--the marinated cucumbers and the pork buns, both of which were delicious. I am still dreaming about the pork buns..they come with a sauce that is just incredible.  There was so much on the menu that I am looking forward to trying.  Service was really good.  They have also applied for some outdoor seating which will be nice in the warmer months.
Those Sloppy Bao's need to be in my life on a regular basis, loved the place, the food has unusual profiles that really make your taste buds wake up and start loving life (the Eggplant & the Sloppy Bao's were top in our book) and the service is great. Highly recommended.
I've never had Taiwanese food before. I came to Win Son with a friend for dinner on a friday. There was a short wait so we had a drink at the bar. My friend ordered a unique cocktail - very good. I had wine - good.  We split the pork buns as an appetizer, then split the big chicken burger and lou rou fan for the main course. The portions were great as we couldn't finish off the lou rou fan. The big chicken burger really stood out to me. I couldn't believe how good it was. After every bite I would tell my friend how good it was; the size, the crispiness of the dark and tender chicken fillet, the sauce made of liquid crack, the bun of sweet breadiness that juxtaposes the salty fried chicken batter. Guys... don't tell your friends, but you need to come here before tourists get to it.
I've been following this place for awhile on social media, so I had high hopes. I'm a big fan of Taiwanese food, and my bf is Taiwanese, so we were excited about the prospect of more Taiwanese places opening up around the city. We tried the oyster omelette and lu rou fan. Both were interesting takes on the traditional dishes: The oyster omelette was crispy as well as Q, and the lu rou fan was nice and porky with a glorious runny egg. Both were tasty, but not mindblowing. I'd be curious to try more of the menu if I'm in the area, but given that the dishes were a bit pricey I probably wouldn't make a special trip out. I'd prefer if the dishes were smaller and cheaper, so we could get more variety.
This place is incredible. Every bite of food I took had me in awe. The servers were excellent as well. I went for dinner, but can't wait to try brunch.
I didn't know what to expect when I step into Win Son. Since I grew up in Taiwan and am proud of Taiwanese cuisine, I thought Win Son would not live up to my standard. I was wrong. The dishes were great. Though modernized and upscaled, I was able to find familiar flavors in all the traditional dishes such as the oyster omelette and water spinach. Although not something I ate as a kid, the chicken bun is extremely clever, combing two items that are close to heart - uniquely Taiwanese flavored fried chicken and a barely sweet bread that is a frequent breakfast necessity for Taiwanese school kids. All in all, a very pleasant experience. I will be back.
The American Born Taiwanese food went off to college somewhere in the midwest, had a huge identity crisis, made regrettable decisions at questionable keggers, came back home and rediscovered a grown+sexy and more confident version of himself/herself. The menu nails the flavors and textures of familiar Taiwanese cuisine, with subtle tweaks that don't stray too far from home, and elevate the experience.The pork buns are seared perfectly and doused in sauce with exactly the right amounts of umami, sweet, and spicy elements, and the bun to meat ratio was spot on. The chef clearly applies that balance to the other dishes including the crowd-favorite oyster omelette by allowing the oyster to be the star, and offsetting the richness with delicately sliced green onions, and a dash of cinnamon (what balls!). The beef roll was light and crispy with tender beef and egg wrapped inside, and the lu rou fan was savory and comforting.The remarkable thing about Win Son's food is respect for the original cuisine, which is unabashedly fusion and combines unexpected flavors (The "Chiña Colada" cocktail will take you to Phuket & Playa del Carmen with each sip), but brings it back to the essence, which is really yummy Taiwanese-ish noms.tl;dr- Really yummy Taiwanese-ish noms.
I've eaten a lot of Taiwanese food on the west coast, and was surprised by how good this was.  It's not like going to an OG mom and pops Taiwanese restaurant, but it's close with a good spin to it.  Their Lu Rou Fan is really good.  I went for a Tasting Collective event, so the menu was pretty different.  However, I would definitely come back here again and trying their regular menu stuff spin (specifically flies head, zhajiang mian, beef roll, and oyster omelet)
I love Win Son and Erica is awesome! Such great food, and awesome people, definitely check this spot out
I would recommend the beef roll to eat with the chili peanut sauce over the top. Phils special drink is very good if you like whiskey. They were very busy on Friday night. Definitely a good place to bring a group of 4 or 5 and get everything to share as a family meal! A favorite spot just around the corner! I will be bringing visitors here!
Amazing food, ambiance, and service. Chef takes the time to ensure every dish is cooked perfectly and visits his regulars in the dining room to show appreciation. Great prices and plenty of options for all.
Taiwanese food? Brooklyn style? I really didn't expect much since all the so called Taiwanese restaurants in NYC are really not very good (Flushing is the exception).The food was surprisingly very good with unexpected flavors as I grew up with some of these classic Taiwanese dishes. For brunch I had lu ro fan ,oyster omelette, pan griddle pork buns, dou jian you tiao -savory style. Everything tasted authentic but better!! My favorite would be the savory dou jian, its got very nice thick textures, and well seasoned and I couldn't stop drinking it. My least favorite is probably the lu ro fan. (Don't get me wrong, still very good.) The braised pork, they got it right, but the rice they use was a bit grainy? I liked the poached/raw egg idea but it really did wash out the nice braised pork flavors. Drinks - had the breakfast champion and Teresa Teng. Both are delicious but I really liked the breakfast champion. Nice rum, sesame and toasted coconut flavors. Overall the waitstaff are cool hipsters but with no attitude. Very nice people. I peeked at my neighbors food and I will definitely be back to try the Big Chicken and Waffle!!
This place is an incredible asset to the neighborhood.  Lived here for about 7 years and I truly believe that Win Son stands out among the local food spots.  Their dishes are unique and delicious with something for every mood.  I also appreciate the range of appetizers-- turnip cakes are my favorite ;).  My favorite main dish is the zhajiangmian egg noodle dish with lamb..sooooo gooodddddd
My wife and I had an absolutely amazing meal at Win Son. We had heard many good things, and we were not disappointed. We got: pork dumplings, sloppy bao, fried eggplant, bk egg bomb, clams with Basil, and the Beef roll to eat. For drinks, we had the Taiwan Beer, Ross Cider, Jasmine Infused Old Fashion, and Chinacolada. Everything was amazing and unique. By far my favorite Asian meal ever.
Excellent service. Bartender Jeffrey is particularly friendly and cool. We love the food here, especially the peanuts and dan dan noodles. Atmosphere is phresh casual. When our waitress messed up our order last time, she more than made up for her mistake with gratis beverages. Solid feel for Win son!
Awesome food, awesome service. The big chicken bun, beef roll, zhajiangmian, and fried eggplant are must-orders.
Food is very salty and over priced. Me and my friends are Taiwanese and we don't feel that this is quite authentic. Although the taste is pretty good, it's a bit too salty overall.
Wow this place is fantastic. My friends and I came here because it was close to a place we were planning on going to afterwards, but we were so happy to have discovered it. One of the best meals I had in NYC! They offer a menu of Taiwanese-American fusion-y dishes. I'm not sure where the names of dishes come from, but I ordered the "flies head," which was pork shoulder, tons of chives, and a black bean chili sauce, all on a bed of rice. It sounds simple (and is), but the flavors were really amazing together and the ingredients were super fresh and finely chopped, which made for a great mixed up mush to eat with a spoon. :) Oh the three of us also shared the roasted peanuts and the fried eggplant appetizer, which came in a sauce of kefir cheese and cashews. Unexpected combination but the eggplant had this amazing crispiness on the outside. It was so so good. We also stayed for cocktails afterwards, and those were fantastic too. I got a spicy egg white, whiskey based cocktail which was good to sip on. My friend ordered the peanut milk one, which was also really good but super thick and definitely like a dessert. I feel like this place is going to explode in popularity soon.
Chicken bun & Taiwan beer were both delicious! The portion was huge but the starters are also very tasty and easy to share. I'd go back for sure!
LOSE SON. Meh. This place didn't really meet our expectations, especially with the high yelp ratings that may have hyped us up.  Another Yelp fail. We ordered the sloppy buns, turnip cake, ru lo fan, and o ah jin.  I wasn't expecting authenticity here as it is a "fushion" place, but after eating here today, it made me crave authentic Taiwanese food (Flushing) to compensate for the mediocre meal.  The food was all very saucy, yet the flavor wasn't really there if that makes any sense.  All of the dishes we tried were just really salty and drenched in sauce.  Sorry, they didn't hit the spot.  I added an extra star for the chili oil on the table that helped make this meal more memorable.  The worst part was when we got the bill and the tea pot, similar to the metal ones at dim sum, came out to $9 for basic jasmine tea. #dafuq?? In general, the dishes were pretty pricey for what we got.  I don't mind paying $15 for ru lo fan if it actually tasted good, but this wasn't the case.
Food was delicious and staff was very friendly. Interior is really cool and clean. Outside is unassuming.  I recommend the sesame peanut noodles and the beef roll.
Definitely not your traditional Taiwanese food. Must get lu rou fan. The big chicken sandwich is real BIG but oh so good. The water spinach is also a must order. The pancake and turnip cake is okay. But I would have appreciated the original more.
It was so refreshing walking into a popular restaurant in Brooklyn without getting the usual attitude. From the second we walked in the lovely hostess let us know it'd be a pretty long wait and informed us we can eat at the bar which is first come first serve. While we stood waiting we got the most delicious cocktail from the friendliest bartender. While standing there, the hostess kept checking on us to give us updates. We ended up eating at the bar and the food was just as good as it looks in pictures! Haven't had such a nice experience between the food and service in a long time. We will definitely be back!
Win Son offers a fantastic take on classic Taiwanese dishes. I thoroughly enjoyed most of the dishes--the fried eggplant, zhajiangmian (lamb noodles), lu rou fan (fatty pork over rice), and the beef roll were all excellent. However, the oyster pancake was a miss; their version felt like it was missing an essential flavor, lacked the gooey texture of the traditional style, and was also small in size.Obviously compared to traditional Taiwanese restaurants in Flushing and Chinatown, the prices here are quite high, but I would say the dishes are priced pretty fairly if you're comparing it to other "modern"/fusion restaurants, and I'm willing to go back to try their other creations.One thing I would appreciate is if the menu used the Taiwanese pronunciation of the dishes instead of Mandarin Chinese :)
Awesome food! Looking forward to trying everything on the menu. Can't wait to go back.
Very cool vibe inside, with great service. Huge fan of the scallion pancakes. The fried chicken is nice and spicy.
Fantastic food never disappoints. I take all my visitors here and everyone loves it. Cool vibe and staff too, will keep going!
This deserves every 5 star it gets. Food is incredible and is probably one of the only places I regularly dream about. The staff are attentive and engaging - with even the chef making an appearance for a bit extra TLC for guests. Dumplings, chicken bun and the beef rolls are heavenly. The cocktails are also a bit too tasty. My partner and I would eat here everyday if we could.
Short version: Delicious.Amazing.Great.Omg.Coma.Long version: All the way in east Williamsburg lives this recently opened Taiwanese-American restaurant. Location is a bit out of the way from the other Taiwanese places I usually go to, but the trek is #worth. Outside, nothing special, but inside man the hidden gems stack up! I went during the evening, so the bricked-wall interior had a very nice date vibe. Good amount of seating for a small joint. They definitely seating more than I thought and could even accompany big groups. There's even a small bar!Service was great, our waitress from Seattle's best was super friendly and attentive. She added to the relaxed mood you'd expect for the area.Food...man the food. I think I'm still going through withdrawal days after! We ordered the oyster pancake, seared pork dumplings, and the chicken sandwich. All the dishes were so pretty, but cause of the mood lighting pics weren't that great :( However, taste was amazing! So much flavor you'd expect from Taiwanese dishes. Yo the chicken sandwich was no joke! Super tender and reminded me of BBT chicken nuggets, but in a sweet bun form! Disclaimer: the chicken is larger than your face. :oooo Overall, I thought this place was awesome and I left both with the feeling of happiness and food coma. P.S. Check out the bathroom, you'll have a good laugh looking at the pictures on the wall.
Amazing!!! Chicken on waffle is a must! Place is also spacious enough for strollers to roll in with ease. Staff were nice and friendly but not overly so, a must in our neighborhood.
The best Chinese meal I've had in NYC. All the vegetarian dishes were excellent (love the crunchy fried garlic on everything!) Please expand the veggie options because I want to keep coming back again and again.
A modern, creative touch to Taiwanese food. Food was very flavorful. Particularly enjoyed the beef rolls and fried eggplant (more exciting than the name suggests), but all dishes were good. Additionally we shared the street salad, zhajiangmian, oyster omelette, lu rou fan and fried mantou. Hip, stylish atmosphere, priced higher than Chinatown, but at $28 each for 4 of us, tax, tip included, reasonable.
It's ok, that's saying a lot. It's hipster bastard food trying to be something it's not. Certain dishes, stop trying to make the formula and give people meat not rice. You would be lucky with certain dishes to get anything more than the bottom line for the restaurant. Look if you want to be real do it right if not don't be shit.
Stumbled upon brunch here when a nearby spot was packed and WOW what a great find and special treat. The menu manages to be both familiar and unique and the food was executed beautifully. I will definitely be back, with friends. Highly recommended must-try brunch experience.
sooooooo amazing!!! great place, nice atmosphere, reasonable prices.beef roll changed my life.chicken sandwich is a must too
Sooooooo good. Amazing food, amazing people. I have tried almost everything on the menu and it doesn't disappoint. Would definitely call for reservations just in case, a couple of times we went and it was busy and had a wait. But definitely worth it.
This place is delectable! The service on point, the food divine!  The owner is a gem who goes out of his way to make sure that people feel welcome, and it definitely works.  My friends and I usually split a bunch of food to get a taste of everything, and we haven't been disappointed yet!
Great food and ambiance. Will def be back again soon.
Don't want to be cliche,but his place is nothing short of amazing!!! Focused menu, stellar flavor profiles, & creative yet compatible drink menus...can you say YUM!?!! Must try's are the Oyster omelette, danzas noodles, chicken plate & my absolute fav the Pork buns are a must!!!
I knew this place was going to be delicious, but man, it was even better than I imagined. The pork buns are more like dumplings but amazing nonetheless. And that sauce!!! I wanted to take a bath in it. It was so flavorful!!We also got the flies head which was delicious!! The service was excellent - they continually refilled our water, and the food was amazing. So excited that this place is right around the corner - It'll be a great spot to bring visitors from out of town, or to stop in for happy hour!
I was excited with the prospect of having Taiwanese brunch in willburg and my expectations were high. However, it fell short in the food dept. The spot itself is cool; nice interior decor, seating and a chill ambience with good enough service. I came with a group of 5 and we ordered different things from the menu.  We had the Lou ru fan, chicken and waffles, Hulien egg bomb, danzi noodle, dan bing and shared hash browns, scallion pancakes and marinated cucumber. Collectively, we all agreed their cucumber was the best from their entire brunch menu. The rest fell short on flavor for us. They all tasted sweet and there wasn't much combination of flavors as we expected. I understand that maybe they are catering to the new and hip crowd populating the neighbor hood!?! However, i think the brunch menu needs a little flavor upgrade. this place has a lot of potential because it is unique from your regular egg Benedict brunch spot.
Very interesting twist on traditional Taiwanese food and being Taiwanese myself, also very happy to see young people helping spread the goodness that is Taiwanese cuisine! The menu is not huge and having been here twice now, I've tried a majority of the dishes here. My only qualm with this restaurant is its higher-end price range. But these favorites will keep me coming back for more:- pan-griddled pork buns - MUST get. The sauce is ADDICTING.- oyster omelette - large American-style oysters which i'm not a fan of, but flavor is quite good for those that like oysters.- sesame peanut noodle - creative and very good!- nutritious sandwich - bun is toasted and very buttery (bit greasy), also on the heavy side so can be shared between 2 people (along with other dishes)- big chicken bun - also a MUST get. the chicken is ginormous (way more than generous) and flavored just like Taiwanese fried chicken snacks/nuggets, SO GOOD. Wish they had a fried chicken over rice platter! yumsss.- beef roll - very good flavor and generous portion, happy with this dish.- fried mantou - i've always been a big fan of fried mantou but the combination of condensed milk + vanilla ice cream made this dish a bit too sweet for me. But our friend who loves sweets loved this dish anyway.
Great vibe.  Good lighting and fresh creative food ! Can't wait to see how they evolve. The pickled ramp drink was awesome. Tried several dishes - the chicken sandwich was a delicious interpretation for the American palate.Loved  the cucumber salad and the Beautiful presentation of food . the turnip pancakes were a favorite A cool place to sit at the bar or get s table. The front of the house were attractive, polite and knowledgable.
The food was deliciously made, the service was fantastic, and the ambience is pretty great too. A find like this was definitely nice to come across, and for that, I want to review it justly. But the PORTIONS. Man, I came here with 6 people and left VERY dissatisfied. We enjoyed every bite but everything was RIDICULOUSLY small - probably with the exception of the big chicken sandwich. Now, maybe I'm not used to Brooklyn asian fare, but if I'm dropping $16 on a bowl of noodles, that ish should be enormous, not a kid sized portion.So altogether a nice place with fantastically authentic taste, but seriously lacking in portions to make it an entirely great meal.
I was really excited to try this place after reading all of the reviews, and because I live so close by. We went on Sunday for brunch at around 3pm, the place was pretty much empty but the decor and atmosphere were nice regardless. Both of the servers we interacted with were lovely and I had high hopes. We ordered the sesame noodles, danzi noodles and a scallion pancake on the side. The danzi noodles were described as coming with a 'superior broth' and i was given a chinese soup spoon with it. When the dish came there was barely a tablespoon of liquid in the bottom - definitely not the noodle-y soup i'd been imagining and the soup spoon lay unused. The flavours of the dish were nice, there was even a little bit of heat, but I genuinely couldn't take a bite of noodles without following up with 3 gulps of water it was so salty. In addition to that the noodles were very overcooked. Although in that respect the danzi noodles were slightly better than the crazy gloopy sesame noodles. The scallion pancake was the nicest part of it, but again the dipping sauce it came with was like a little bowl of liquid salt.I'll maybe come back to try in a few months to see if they iron out some of their menu, but for now I'll steer clear for my blood pressure's sake.
Great!!! I wasnt sure what to expect but great food, delicious drinks and we were not rushed. Super tasty n totally going back
My new favorite restaurant!! No one else has elevated Taiwanese food to this level. Go for the brunch and order everything! You won't be disappointed
I was so pleased how good the food was. It was a pleasant surprise! What a great new gem for the neighborhood. The service was also fantastic. I'm going to be coming back a lot.
I really wanted to like this place but was desperate to get the taste out of my mouth after leaving. Interior was uninspired, service was dicey and food tasted like Asian hamburger helper poured over spaghetti.
Great spot for authentic Taiwanese food, the drinks are delicious and the food is amazing. The presentation is beautiful really does the food justice. The plants in the windows welcomed me from the street and the attention to detail (from the light fixtures to the accommodating staff) made me feel at ease. The food is not cheap but is definitely worth it, looking forward to their brunch menu!
Delicious! It's loud and the air conditioning wasn't working. But I was really impressed by the food. We'll definitely be back...on a cooler day
This place is a gem. Everything is really well executed here. The dishes are all delicious, unique and thoughtful. The chicken bun is probably my favorite fried chicken sandwich of anywhere. You can't go wrong with any dish. Tons of options for vegetarians and vegans too. The service is spot on, super attentive waitstaff, they take your order without a pen and paper and know all the customizations to suggest. I've been here several times now and it's been the same quality experience each time. Love this place
A welcome addition to the neighborhood. Sign says Taiwanese-American. Food is very good. Unlike anything else around. We've eaten there twice in the first week the opened. Sure to be a regular choice in our restaurant rotation. We liked the chopped salad with shrimp and bits of fried pork belly. Our favorite entree so far is the beef roll which is beef with an omelette wrapped around it and a scallion pancake wrapped around that. They have a full bar with fancy cocktails too, if that's your pleasure. Overall, highly recommended.
1. The chili sauce on the tables is Lao Gan Ma, aka one of the most magical condiments known to man.2. The 'pork buns' are a riff on the famous dumplings in chili oil at White Bear in Flushing, swimming in chili oil, scallions, black vinegar, and other magic stuff.3. Flies head: black beans, chives, pork, chilies. Amazing flavor taste.Everything else was pretty solid too. I'm usually underwhelmed by hipsterized Chinese food but the flavors and recipes here are pretty authentic. Thumbs up.
We had delicious brunch brunch at Win Son        We had the egg bomb which was a delightful blend of textures with perfect yolks and crispy scallion pancakes. The beef  in the beef rolls was tender and flavorful. We also ordered marinated cucumber and fried chicken and waffles. Each dish was better than the previous one. You have to check out this awesome spot.
I really wanted to like this place just for the idea of having a place to go for Taiwanese food, but I found it underwhelming and overpriced. 2 stars for it being a Taiwanese place, 1 star for serving Taiwan Beer.
Amazing chicken sandwich and the eggplant was killer. All the food is very authentic and unpretentious. Very chill vibes. I recommend it.
This place is amazing. Service was good (there was a 20 minute wait which was surprising but the place was packed). The food is really good and I am currently craving it again. I got the Beef Roll and it was really good. My boyfriend got the Flies Head and it tasted awesome.
This spot is a rare find in a neighborhood of organic bodegas and crappy American style Asian cuisines. Music was so on point- I'd come back for that alone, but the food was also really good. Sesame peanut noodles were bomb, and according to my companion, so we're the zhajiangmian. Tasty cucumber salad, too. Some dishes were a little pricey ($15 for peanut noodles) but it's not your basic street-style fare. Can't wait to come back.
Hardly do I come to a place where I am so damn impressed by the food. My girlfriend and I are very excited that this opened nearby. Best of luck to you guys! Keep up the great work!!! Oh and we also dug the music.
Yum! Delicious food and great staff. The Big Chicken Bun was to die for!
Foods pretty good but SO one note. I think they are the number one restaurant in NYC... in terms of scallion and chili oil consumption.
Awesome foods and grate service. Fantastic place here The most great place to go.
It was delicious and the waitress was super helpful with recommendations! The eggplant appetizer wAs bomb.
If I was to eat a single dish here it would have been fine but every dish has a mountain of scallions and chili oil.  Every dish tasted the same.  The service was good though.
This restaurant is incredible! I'm vegan and had some of the most complex and delicious food I've ever had here. The owners are so awesome and super hip and hard working!
This is my favorite neighborhood place by far. Can be busy but worth the wait. Drinks are great (watch out though, the spicy ones are truly spicy!) and the big chicken bun has the moistest most delicious fried chicken I've ever eaten. Never had a bad meal here and service is friendly and attentive. Just wish it wasn't so popular so I wouldn't have to fight for a table on a weeknight!
The food here is seriously amazing. Ive been here twice now and I never repeat restaurants in NYC. The chicken sandwich and the pork bun are amazing and super unique. All the food is really affordable and great value - you get a ton of food for what you pay for. The cocktails here are also delicious and interesting. If you're lucky you'll catch a Friday evening where they're having a dance party at around 11.
Perfect ambiance, lovely staff, attentive service, and the most delicious & inventive food!!!! Inspired yet unpretentious. Cocktails exquisite. My new fave. Go, now. Don't sleep on the Lu rou fan and fried eggplant
A Taiwanese restaurant that doesn't claim 100% authenticity, but more than fits the bill of an excellent new spot to enjoy a fresh mix of both genuine and fusion style dishes. With a wide range of choices that range from a brilliant take on simple appetizers, to a glazed beef shank that can literally be pulled apart by chop sticks, Win Son is a dinner destination that should be firmly planted in everyone's "to do" list. Good atmosphere, friendly staff, and incredible food choices.
Win Son is insanely delicious! The flavors are unlike anything I have ever tasted and bring an amazing flare to everything on the menu. The chefs have brilliantly selected every ingredient, spice, sauce, dish with clear purpose to bring together a menu that will blow your mind. There is something for everyone - the chicken sandwich (which knocks Momofuku's out of the park), pork buns and lamb noodles will make meat lovers wish they had bigger stomachs and the eggplant, cucumbers and scallion pancakes will keep vegetarians coming back for seconds! The vibe is on point and great for any occasion - dates, birthdays, group dinners, casual weeknights, celebrations, etc. - and the service is exceptional!  I will be back often and would recommend Win Son to everyone! You are missing out of you have not experienced this culinary masterpiece!!
Came for dinner, it was so flavorful and delicious. Servers are super helpful in explaining the menu and incredibly attentive during our meal. Highly recommend!
Great neighborhood spot. Food was awesome and cool vibe. Chicken sandwich pairs well with the $5 Taiwan beer.
Nice addition to the neighborhood. Great atmosphere and service was friendly and efficient. My husband and I ordered several veggie dishes that were kind of hit or miss. Scallion pancakes and water spinach were super tasty. Cukes were a bit bland. The turnip cake was mushy and the peanut noodles were overcooked. All of the portions were decent size and worth the slightly higher price point. Overall, I will probably wait for the veg options to change before going back, but I hope they do well in the area.
It was fine, but honestly a bit overpriced and only contained a resemblance of authenticity. Most likely won't be back.
OMG so delicious. We stumbled upon Win Son while staying in an AirBnb in E. Williamsburg, and it was so good we went two nights in a row. To this day I have food fantasies about the fried eggplant and the sesame peanut noodles. Can't wait to go back.
Everything was delicious !! Though my favorite has to be the amazing Taiwanese fried chicken sandwich.  YUM
I love their food!!! Their pork buns are amazing. The menu isn't so long that it doesn't overwhelm you at all. I also had their chicken sandwich, and it was the best fried chicken I've ever had. It's a must-visit place in Brooklyn!!
Very unique menu, food was great!  Very reasonably priced.  The noodle and sandwich dishes are standouts.
