I would go here for the dosas instead. The buffet is OK here. It's similar to the other places though a little cheaper for the quality.I also tried the rava dosa with gunpower a while ago from someone else. It could have used a little more heat but it was overall quite good.I got a Coconut Rava dosa once which was delicious as well. Good textures.3.8
I had ordered Gujrati thali and my husband ordered Punjabi thali. This was our first time here, we had high hopes based on the ratings. But food here is very bad. It didn't feel like food was freshly made. The rotis were frozen parathas and curries didn't taste nice. The thali costed $18, not worth it at all. We eat Indian food a lot, and this experience was really bad. I will never come here again.
I got the lunch buffet takeout box here, and MISTAKE!!!  Maybe it was just the day I went, but they didn't have any of the traditional Indian dishes that I almost always see at Indian buffets (eggplant, spinach, naan).  Dishes were either bland or overpowering with off-putting spices.  And the quality of ingredients didn't seem that great.They only had the flat dosa bread instead of naan -- blasphemy!  Naan is ESSENTIAL to a any good Indian meal.Checking out and paying for the meal was quick but not attentive.  Also, they give you like a multi-tupperware kit to pack your lunch, but they don't really have anywhere that you can assemble your trays, so it's a bit of an ordeal to get things in order.Great value for the amount of food you get though -- can eat 3 meals with it.
I love South Indian food! This place was quite delicious. I came here with three of my other friends.We got dosas, uttapams, and medu vadas. The Mysore dosa was really good, perfect in texture as well as taste. The uttapams were quite done well with the right amount of fluffiness as well as a bit of crunch with good flavor and spices. The medu vadas were filling and tasty with the right crisp on the outside and soft on the outside. I just felt the coconut chutney was not up to par. The sambhar was a little on the sweeter side for my taste. Overall, I highly recommend this place to try out. The service was great as well.
Went for lunch here on a Thursday. The buffet was okay which one of my coworkers had. We ordered two uthappams and one rawa dosa and they arrived super late (waited at least for a half hour). The rawa dosa was luke warm at best, the uttappams were good. The waiter was really rude and that made it an unpleasant lunch on a pleasant rainy afternoon.The weirdest thing was for a $45 menu bill, we were charged $65 and the bill had no breakdown of the prices. (Buffet - 13$, Rawa Dosa - 11$, Utappam - 10$, Onion Utappam - 11$). Not sure what the other $20 accounted for.Although the food is great, the whole experience was sub-par. Not going to recommend or return.PS - the experience was not just based on a one time visit. We are frequent visitors of this place for lunches, mealpals; i guess not anymore!!
Stopped by for lunch and had an awesome meal! While all the tables were full, our food came out in what felt like minutes. My chole bhature was immensely satisfying. I would especially recommend trying any of the dosas with their variety of delicious chutneys or the Thalis.
I hate to go to Yelp just to share negative experiences but I felt obliged to share this most bizarre encounter I had at Chennai Garden when I went to pick up takeout lunch (via MealPal) there today.When I asked for my order they informed me that somebody had already picked it up. I explained to them that I hadn't picked it up and showed then my ID to confirm my identity. But they just didn't care! They simply refused to give me my lunch! They said that this has been happening to them a lot lately and that they won't give me my food.I have to say that in the many years I have lived in this country, this is the first time I encountered such hostile behavior by a restaurant manager when I wasn't even slightly at fault. Perhaps he thought I had sent someone to pick it up on my behalf and was trying to cheat them out of a meal? They certainly didn't suggest that. I'm really at a loss as to why he behaved the way he did. He could have simply apologized and proposed an alternative.I did suggest to him that perhaps he should ask for an ID in the future if this is a recurring problem. I don't think I persuaded him.
Came here for the buffet. It wasn't that busy when I entered.Compared to the Indian buffets around the area, this one is vegetarian, where there are no meats. They have salad, several chutneys, and vegan entrees.While enjoying the buffet, I saw another customer ordering from the regular menu. They have dosa which is large.When I finish, I go to the cash register and pay for the buffet.
This place has a mix of south Indian and Gujarati food. I was expecting some aunthentic south Indian from this restaurant and got some mediocre food served. The Pongal is pretty good but the stuffed dosais don't have a traditional taste to them. If you are looking for real south Indian food, this is the wrong place, better look to Jackson heights or flushing, NY for that!
The food here is TERRIBLE! I am a big fan of Gujarati thali, and I love Undhiyo in general. The Gujarati thali this place serves is seriously beyond terrible. Their undhiyo was bland, totally devoid of any real flavor... not to mention it smelled. Their chapatis were hard and rubbery; its highly likely they gave me a frozen chapati that was heated in a microwave. Don't be fooled by the ratings, this place is way too overpriced and quality is far below average.
In my opinion the best vegetarian Indian restaurant to go to. The portions are big, the price is fair, and the aroma is unavoidable. 5 stars
Great deal for lunch! the buffet is not that big but really delicious. I didn't have to time eat there but got the buffet take out and they give you plenty of to-go cases so you can get a bit of everything for just over $10. DEAL!
Excellent lunch buffet. $10 a pop, and according to my friend, it's different every time, so feel free to go back. I didn't ask about vegan options, winging it a bit, presuming that the tasty okra curry looked like it didn't have dairy. Everything is vegetarian, so that makes things easier.You can go back and get a second plate, and I also really liked that they had multiple plate sizes - I got a smaller plate for my second one to be a smarter over-indulger ;)The ambience is nice too, for a reasonably priced place, and we had no problem grabbing a table in the heart of the lunch rush (but it wasn't empty either, so if you're bringing 4+ people, prioritize your schedule. Seems easier to get a table for two).
As a mostly vegetarian I find myself immediately defending nearly all veggie restaurants. This place is solid, and the value ratio is high for the price, but it's only ok.If you visit enough, you'll see there's not a ton of variety with the selections. That's not necessarily bad--they are solid.My main issue is with the flavors. Much of the food lacks pop and is on occasionally more oily than you'd hope. The naan generally lacks any crispness and the pakoras and samosas generally feel a bit extra fried. You also won't get many smiles from management--though the waiters are nice enough generally.If you're looking for a solid veggie place, this will do nicely; but there are a ton of other options in the area.
I have been eating at this place since 2008 because they do serve great thalis. But the horrible service I received today may just make this my last time there. First of all, my friend was waiting to use the restroom and she saw a server eat off of a dish he was taking out of the kitchen to serve. Not only once but twice he picked off of this girl's dish with his same bare hands. Then it was 10pm and they brightened the lights. My 2 girlfriends and I were finishing our drinks and the Indian employees sent the young Hispanic employee (who didn't come by our table even once the whole night) to tell us that they were closed. We said sure, give us a few minutes to finish the drinks we paid for and we'll be out. Less than a minute later the older Indian guy who was at the register comes and tells us with his stern voice that they are closed. I told him we are aware especially since his colleague just told us the same thing less than a minute ago. He was like okay but we are closed. What I do not understand is that there were two other tables with patrons just like us who were not approached in the same rude and abrupt manner. Actually they were not approached at all. I wonder why? Was it because one of the tables had white and Asian skinny girls and the other table had two middle aged Indian men? Was it because our table had two not so skinny girls and a Muslim girl? Get your act together channai/tiffinwala guys and keep your biases to yourselves. Or you will lose many more regular paying patrons.
A group of 6 ate dinner there this evening and were highly unimpressed. Poor quality food and horrible service. Food: we ordered several chaats, dosas and a Gujarathi thali. The paapdi chaat and chole chaat were stale, with soft paapdi's and lacked much flavor. With tiny portions to boot. The bhel puri was decent. Dosas were ok but nothing special, compared to what we've had at so many other Indian places elsewhere in New Jersey and the Bay Area. The thali had two vegetable dishes, some rice marketed as pulao, a puri, a batata vada and kachori, and supposedly rasmalai. The vegetable dishes were clearly made with frozen vegetables and mushy and oily. The puri was fine. The batata vada and kachori were oily as well.Service: we were greeted by a dour waiter at the front desk who seemed to simply want to get us in and out as quickly as possible. When we asked him if we could substitute rotis for rice in the thali he told us that they never did any substitutions. However when we received the thali, we saw that they had substituted kheer for ras malai as they apparently had no ras malai available.  So I guess the restaurant won't honor any substitution requests by its customers but will do whatever substitution they want to do.  So much for customer service.On top of this they charged a mandatory 18% tip on the bill, which was atrocious. We are not returning.
I admit I don't know much about Indian food. Usually when I eat at an Indian restaurant, I am fortunate enough to have an Indian friend do the ordering, and that's always worked out well for me. We had a good laugh when a group of us carnivores had dinner here. My first question to the one who chose Tiffin Wallah was, "So how come you're in the mood for vegetarian today?" His response was, "This is a vegetarian restaurant?"Lol, luckily we're aware that most Indian dishes are tasty vegetarian dishes, so we're not entirely ignorant. We just didn't research the menu prior to our arrival.We shared a bunch of dishes family-style with rice. Unfortunately, I'm too ignorant to put a name to most of the dishes we consumed. Everything was colorful, saucy, and loaded with flavor, especially this eggplant dish. The bhindi masala - okra, tomato & onion dish was very tasty too.The dosas were probably my favorite, and the coconut chutney and sambar sauces were packed with flavor. The paper dosa was an especially fun dish. The wafer-thin crepe was delicately shaped into a horn with a small serving of mashed potato, corn & peas, hidden inside the dosa horn. I resisted the urge to pick up the horn and make trumpet noises.Even though the meal was good, I doubt I will return for dinner, because the $9 lunch buffet trumps dinner. They also deliver lunch for $9. Not a bad deal.
We came for their lunch special, but sadly it is only on weekdays. We had to order from regular menu. The prices are regular around $13 per dish, but curry comes with a tiny bit of rice. Not enough to finish the curry. We had to order extra rice. Also their cheapest bread option is chapati or pulka. For $6 you would expect a bread busket, but instead you get 2 tiny flatbread. The taste is average. Totally not worth it. I am not coming back.
These guys are rude and have no class. They are a bunch of jerks. No service or manners. If I wanted bad service, I could eat here or at Sarvana Bhavan.
The Bangalorian in me craving idli vada and filter coffee stumbled upon this place in my first week in New York. Tiffin Wallah did not disappoint and has been my go to spot for reminiscing Bangalore food ever since then. Even some of the their non South Indian dishes like the samosa chaat are amazing. For dessert, you cannot go wrong with the cardamom kulfi. Only downside is that although I love their dosas, sometimes they are too oily.
Very good food but the soup is always way too spicy for me.  The lunch special is a great deal, but please make the soup less spicy guys!  Otherwise a great place!
Best Lunch Indian Buffet. So reasonably priced and great vegetarian selection! The food is so tasty and the staff is so welcoming and attentive. I love coming here when I been having a rough morning at work, great place to spend your hour lunch break! It's a must try!
Murray Hill is known for having a great selection of Indian restaurants. Tiffin Wallah is one that I would highly recommend. Their lunch special is $8 per person, which is great because it's buffet style so you can eat to your heart's content. It's vegetarian only, but I can't complain. This place actually makes me want to become a vegetarian. I came with a co-worker who was very knowledgeable about the food so I enjoyed learning about the dishes. I loved the eggplant dish, spinach with lentils, NAAN (always a favorite), and all the sauces you can try with your bread. Indian food is rich with all different kinds of spices and curry - tastes so heavenly. My stomach was quite happy. Plus the service is great.
I stumbled in here because i was hungry and saw the cheap buffet without the knowledge of it being a vegetarian restaurant.You see, I like Indian buffets - I just dont like themm to be vegetarian. All in all the food was good, and this is the first one i've been to that served chapatis and had unlimited papadam (mmm.), this one also had rasgullah on its offerings.the food is solid, but dont mind my three stars - i'm just used to the abundant offerings at the Indian buffets in Jackson Heights. Call me jaded.
Food was good, especially for the price, but service was pretty meh. For an appetizer, we ordered the Medu Vada (lentil doughnuts). Having never tried this before, I was not sure what to expect, and thought it was okay--a little heavy for a doughnut, very dense. I liked the 2 dipping sauces they came with, though, especially the green one. We each got a dosa, and the waiter mixed up our orders--even after I said to him as he brought the plates over, that I ordered the paneer (which was supposed to be potato + cheese). He still put down the wrong one in front of me (the masala potato one my friend ordered). I didn't know what to expect, so I just started eating it, wondering if they went very light on the cheese or maybe it was mixed in to the potato. My friend was eating very slowly and didn't get to the filling for awhile--when she did, we realized she got my order (with the paneer). Oh well.  The dosas were very filling, and pretty tasty.  We also ordered gulab jamin for dessert, which was very good.When the waiter brought the bill over (while we were still eating), we left it there for awhile as we continued chatting. He came back after a bit and picked up the bill holder, and we had to stop him by telling him it wasn't ready yet. He seemed to be annoyed that we hadn't paid yet (again, before we were done), and dropped the bill holder back on the table--definitely put it down very abruptly--which irked me.Not a bad experience, but not a place I'd be rushing back to either. If the service had been better, I'd feel differently, but in this city, there are so many other options...
Even though I'm of Indian descent, I wouldn't call myself an expert on Indian food. But growing up eating Indian food does still make you a bit picky. So when I had learned that my favorite place for dosa, Chennai Garden, had closed I was a little distraught. Well turns out that Tiffin Wallah was ready to fill the hole left in my heart. I took a few friends here for their first taste of dosa and I have to say, Tiffin Wallah sure made me look good. We ordered the Idli Sambar, Sada Masala Dosa, Paper Masala Dosa, Rava Masala Dosa, and the Uttapam. Everything was so delicious. I tend to judge a dosa by the sambar that comes with it and Tiffin Wallah makes a MEAN sambar. I could have drank a whole bowl of that with a straw. I think it goes without saying that each of their dosas are perfectly crispy and have that hint of tanginess that keeps you craving dosa for days later.For dessert we ordered the Gulab Jamun and Gajjar Halwa (don't judge, we were trying everything!) Gajjar Halwa is something my grandmother has made since I was little so I have very specific standards. Tiffin Wallah did a solid job on both. Again I'm picky, so it wasn't the best I've ever had, but definitely a great dish. Not TOO sweet, but just the right balance of sweet and spiced so you know it's a great Indian dessert. I was really pleased and will definitely be coming back again and again (and again).
I am by no means an expert on Vegetarian food let alone Indian vegetarian food, but this place hit the spot on every level.The service and staff here were friendly and pretty attentive, and the food and flavors here were on par with my non vegetarian Indian experiences.This was one of the few times where I was overwhelmed and had very little clue on what I was reading on the menu, but it says a lot that when I was able to choose three things blindly and all three things were deliciousWill be adding this place to my weekend rotation
Good and well-priced luncx buffet.Here recently for dinner, we found it had merged with Chennai Garden. Not sure if that's what made the food less than perfect.
After a long day of walking and touring NY on a rainy cold night we were craving for spicy food and landed at Tiffin.Both of us had different type of dosha and they were yummy. Place is clean and great customer service. Next time when we visit hope to try their thali.
I've been here a couple times and it's solid vegetarian Indian food. I loved the dosa I had. Tried a thali last time, and it was great to be able to taste a lot of different things I'd never had before, but it was definitely a LOT of food, a bit overwhelming, especially having ordered appetizers, too.
A wonderful, wonderful restaurant -- food is fresh, tasty and can suit pretty much any taste or palate. The doaas are outstanding. Prices are very reasonable. I've been four times and yet to be disappointed.
Went for a buffet didn't enjoyed the quality and the taste wasn't of authentic North Indian food.
My favorite in Curry Hill. Great thalis.
Solid Indian food here with friendly staff. Yes, this place is strictly vegetarian (no Chicken Tikka Masala!), but everything I had was delicious. I strongly recommend the Tiffin Wallah Thali- a good assortment of different curries (papadum, paratha too) that you can try!
Went for lunch buffet and found plastic string in the rasam. When the guy at the counter was notified, he did not show any regret and did not apologise on the spot..instead just took the rasam bowl away ! The person later comes back and says it was a mistake the plastic was from the tamarind wrap that fell while preparing the rasam.Beware that drinks are charged extra but are not mentioned where the food is being served.Indian restaurants are generally not very open on what kind of ingredients are being used. Most of them use canned products .On top of that, to see plastic in your food is something that any person should be careful about.
Fantastic meal. Really really wonderful.  From the perfectly spice Masala chai to the hot but not too spicy gobi manchurian to the divine set dosa.  Let me just say that I haven't found a restaurant since being in India (Bangalore specifically) that even has set dosa as an option. This is a dish very specific to the state of Karnataka in India. Great job tiffin wallah. I'm highly impressed.
Great food, great service, great price. Came here with my boyfriend we ordered the malai kofta and a rava masala dosa, both were outstanding.  I would HIGHLY recommend the malai kofta, I really like this dish but I find most restaurants make it in a sweet sauce I don't particularly care for. This place makes the malai kofta in a creamy savory sauce that is flavorful but not overpowering. The two dishes were more than enough for my boyfriend and I to share, we both ordered wine too and our bill was around $30.... what a terrific deal so such a quality meal!
Best Indian vegetarian lunch buffet in the city!!! You would be hard pressed to eat this well for $7.95 anywhere in Manhattan.
Met up with some friends for dinner here. Not too crowded on a Saturday early evening.Here's what we ordered:-Samosa Chaat ($5): delicious! The yogurt tamarind and cilantro sweet spicy sauce was a great accompaniment. We kept the extra sauce to eat with rice-Navratan Korma ($10): okay...a bit chunky with the nuts and raisins -Kadhai Paneer Masala ($10): my fave dish from tonight. I really like the masala sauce since it reminds me of butter chicken-Kala Chana ($10): filled with lots of chick peas and was my second fave dish-Stuffed Paratha with onion ($5): like naan but softer and obviously, filled with onions. Great for dipping in all the leftover curry sauces!Overall, I thought the price wasn't too bad for the amount. All dishes came with plenty of sauce and that's awesome since I love soaking my rice in curry sauce. Service was average and the bathroom wasn't too bad.
I've been here three times and every time I've been super satisfied. Their Tiffin Wallah set is filling and awesome! The dosas are great ( though I have soft spot for Saravana Bhavan)- their pakoras are the best fried happiness. The staff is super nice- its Kosher! Vegetarian! I came with a group that included vegan, halal, kosher friends- all happy.
So we totally forgot this place was vegetarian and were very confused why nothing on our plates consisted of meat (we just picked random stuff off the menu, guessing at what it all was lol) and I don't regret it at all!! I got SO unbelievably full from vegetarian food. It was delicious, and the flavor profiles were so interesting. A little spicy, sweet, tangy, hearty; basically wonderful.The staff was very attentive. Would definitely come back! Pro-tip: One bottle of beer here is enough to serve 2 people easily.
As a vegan, it is hard to find fairly-priced Indian food that is not doused in yogurt, butter, or ghee. I have been here around three times for the lunch buffet because my first time eating here was a heavenly experience:Medhu vada dipped in sexy coconut chutney? Saag, minus the paneer?  Vegetable biryani AND pulao rice? Super sweet vegan chickpea dessert with cream? Yes, yes, yes, please!However, I feel as though the quality of the food has been inconsistent, regardless of my first experience. Also, the "C" rating from the NYC Sanitation Department makes me uneasy. I looked up the reasons for why they obtained a "C" rating, and no worries, folks, major points were deducted for violations in relation to food temperature danger zones. I can imagine it being difficult to keep the food at the buffet the right temperature.Nonetheless, I was not pleased to find hair in my salad in the most recent visit, which adds further insult to the injury. I want to give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt, as when I spoke to the manager, he told me all of his employees in the back kitchen wore hair nets (could have been a customer's hair; it is a buffet, after all). I am glad I did not have to pay.The only reason this restaurant gets a 3-star (read:2.5) rating is because the food hits the spot. For the quality and amount of food you get for just 9 bucks, the price can't be beat. Not to mention that the buffet is mostly vegan, minus desserts and yogurt sauce!Tiffin Wallah, get your act together!! You are so good--and so is your coconut chutney! :/
I don't know about this one.  Difficult to say if I just order the wrong thing or this place just isn't good for south indian food... which could also mean I ordered the wrong thing.I had a rava masala dosa with gun powder.  My first comment is that the dosa wasn't at all crispy.  Kind of soggy.  Also, it was all stuck to the plate so I had to scrape it off the plate with my fork just to eat it.I had the salted lassi which was fine.  Not seasoned very much...It was funny, but the friend I was with is a very honest person.  When we got the check, we realized they under-charged us by $10.  So he tells the waiter who called over the manager.  Neither of them seemed thank him/us for pointing this out.  They talked about how to correct it and moved on.  You gotta be a certain type of person to run a service business like a restaurant... that's my opinion.  Can't just walk around looking grim and aloof.  Then a 3rd guy came back with the corrected check and was apologizing and saying it was not his fault.  What... that's bass ackwards, if I'd say so myself.If I ever end up here again, I'll go with the north Indian half of the menu and hopefully have better luck.
This was such a disappointment. After all the hype I went to try their lunch buffet. They had only 2 options for the vegetables- cauliflower curry and string beans - that was it! I can't believe that a buffet would have such limited options. The cauliflower was ok. Also, they had roti but no naan. Definitely not worth it.
Great lunch buffet, the samosas stood out more than the buffet itself, though. The service was fine, but I wish I was given more of a selection than three entrees and a few sauces on the side.
Food was great.  Had the samosa and mysore masala both were fantastic.The environment and service are another story.  They need something to absorb the sound in this place.  I couldn't hear my date and my date could here every conversation in the restaurant.  Employees do not smile, food took forever to come out, and, of course, I couldn't even hear our waiter cause it was so loud.If I had ordered takeout I would probably have rated this place a 4-5 star but eating out is an experience and this experience was lacking in some areas.
This is a great place. We enjoyed the food here. We ordered the Bhindi masala which was amazing. The planner kadai was awesome!! We ordered the appetizer plate and it was delicious!! I was very excited about the filter coffee but it was Nescafé. I confirmed whether it was filter and they said that it was but it wasn't. But it tasted good so I didn't mind. The mango lassi and juice was great too!! We made it a point to let the owner know that the food was delicious!
Slowest service everNever came to check on usFood came out 35 mins laterAlu chana was ok...could have added more seasoning. I was so friggin hungry so everything shd have tasted good but I wasn't feeling it. South indian plate was huge but not much going on. Rather have waited for Dhaba!!
Whatever you do don't order the kulfi. For anything else refer to some of the other reviewers.
This is one of my favorite restaurants...but why does it have a C inspection grade from the Dept of Health????  I wonder if there are really unsanitary conditions or if maybe there is some corruption at the DOH?  Because it seems like most restaurants are able to get A ratings, but maybe they also pay someone off--this is all in my head, don't listen to me.....I eat here a lot...while all of the sauces, breads and desserts they make are amazing...I have started to feel like maybe they don't use the freshest vegetables for the lunch buffet, because the mushrooms and peas and things have kind of a canned texture, but I guess that is how they can keep prices low, and it is reasonable, since whatever curry those vegetables will be simmering in is absolutely delicious.  I love this restaurant....call me a hypochondriac, but somehow it's hard for me to shake a C rating...I hope they can resolve this, because I know I will be back....
I come here sometimes for lunch and usually order the dosa which are great every single time.  So filling and perfectly done.  The Mysore Masala dosa is my favorite served with the coconut chutney and delicious sambar.Now I got a craving for dosas so I'm ending this review.
Good food, nice decor (big change from it's previous owner - Joy restaurant who moved to E. 46th St.).SOUTH INDIAN THALI:Ordered this (after studying the entire menu trying to figure out what each dish was in each thali).KULFI: As it says, it's dense (cardamom ice cream). Not as sweet as the almond paste which came with the S.Indian Thali. By the way, the table next to us ordered the dessert portion of the almond paste but it looked big for the 2 of them - at least to me. I thought 'Woa that's way too sweet.' Then again, most Indian desserts are, huh?Only gets 3 stars since, as we were leaving, the a different waiter checked the receipt book to make sure we left a tip. Strange, but it made us laugh.
Really good indian food.  Saw this place on a friends instagram and knew I had to try it.  We walked right by a few times before we realized which building it was.  We both ordered vegetable korma, some appetizers and different kinds of breads and they were all very good.  We were the only non indian people in the place which speaks to its quality/authenticity.  I'll definitely come here again.
This place used to be my to-go place earlier for a quick dosa/idli meal. But recent experiences have made me go to other places for a fresh Dosa. I really appreciate the fact how quick they are to prepare your order when you order over phone and also when you dine-in - their service is quick. But my past 2 recent orders didn't taste that good. Mysore Masala Dosa was mediocre, and the idli and vada both were too hard to bite. Sambhar lacked spices. Moreover, rasmalai tasted as if it was made from milk powder and sugar. For me, this place is losing authenticity and there are definetly better places for similar kind of food in the area.
Came here for the lunch buffet. The food was way salty. Came away from it feeling like I had swallowed a baby seal. Service was good but the food just fell flat. Probably won't come here again for the lunch buffet.
GREAT veg indian in nyc .. I havent been to too many other vegetarian/vegan/kosher indian restaurants in manhattan but compared to the ones I have been at elsewhere, Tiffin Wallah is really up at the top of my charts .. Our first time in - we both had a different Thali - a nice sampler of all sorts of things that we shared - i think between the two we had 14 different things, and everything here was very good. the dosa all looked very good and we want to try one next time..  Dining in, it was a little close-quartered, but in NYC thats not really too bad of a thing. It was a nice, fun atmosphere and the staff was quick with taking our order and bringing the food to us .. We Definitely will be coming back to Tiffin Wallah . .
AMAZING. Absolutely loved it, both times I went.I had the TiffinWallah Thali, while my mom had the Sapadu Thali. I was really hungry and the food kind of took a long time to come, but it was worth it when it finally came.The channa masala and the palak paneer were deliciously cooked, spiced just right (I had asked for it spicy and it delivered), the chapatis were the right density, and everything was just so good. I was really full at the end of it, but not in a bad way.My mom couldn't stop raving about the aviyal and the gulab jamun that came in her thali, and I can attest to the latter (not a big fan of gujarati food, so I didn't try the aviyal - too sweet for my taste). The rasam was fantastic, my thali came with the following: rasam, raita, lemon pickle, one papadum, two chapatis, one palak paneer, one channa masala, one kheer. A bit on the pricy side, but if you're hungry, the amount of food you're getting is absolutely right. Definitely don't feel as though I overpaid!
Stopped by for lunch after seeing all the great reviews and had the lunch buffet. Servers were not rude but not really friendly either. The buffet layout was okay. I had no idea what anything was since nothing was labeled and when I asked the server he quickly went through the names as if it should have been obvious. ALL the dishes were lukewarm almost cold which was really disappointing (it was 2 pm and the buffet closes at 3). And the only one that tasted decent was the potato curry. the tastiest thing on my plate was the chopped red onions and I pretty much just ate onions with a side of tomato rice/curry. So wish I had gone to the other really yummy indian restaurants I kept passing along the way!
Delicious, authentic and reasonable prices.  I had the best malai kofta here, I recommend it.  My boyfriend had the dosa and it was very good as well.  The flavors are authentic.  I'm not sure what the buffet is like, but was happy with what we ordered from the menu.
Food is a 4 out of 10. Very limited lunch buffet options and inattentive rude service. Tried it, unlikely to come back.
I laughed when I saw Ishan's review about the angry servers.  Service is definitely not one of the strong points here (most answers are grunts), and the timing of when food comes out can be awkward.  The bathroom smells like they keep a large animal in it overnight.  Why do I keep coming back, then?  It's the food.  After dining at a large number of Indian restaurants in the city, I can finally, after two years, proclaim that this is my favorite Indian food in Manhattan.The Chana Masala is, in my opinion, the best I've had anywhere.  It's a little sweeter and definitely darker tasting (a higher and more complex amount of spice than what one usually finds in chana masala).  The saag paneer is also marvelous - large chunks of paneer and rich and buttery spinach.  I've dabbled in the gujarati curries, which are traditionally a little sweeter than the punjabi curries.  On the weekends, they make special dosas (the pondicherry is my personal favorite).  They also have a large selection of chaats, Indian "street food", which a lot of restaurants don't carry.  Try the bhel puri!Nut allergy warning:  they sprinkle almonds on pretty much everythingLactose/Vegan friendly:  dishes containing milk products are marked on the menu with a blue dotWheat free friendly:  about half the dosas are made with lentil flour, the others are made with wheat.  Be sure to ask.
We had always enjoyed the food at Chennai Garden in the original location. So, we decided to go to the new location. The Medu Vada was just okay and so was the Bhel. We had a variety of dosas including two weekend special ones. They were all excellent. But the sambar was a disappointment - watery and not full vegetables like it used to be. The gajar halwa and the kheer were excellent, and so was the masala tea.So we'll go again for the dosas, etc. and hope that the sambar is better next time.
the food here was absolutely delicious! service was very pleasant and fast. i had the gobi masala and my boyfriend had the alu gobi. we split an order of chapati. the dishes were extremely flavorful. the alu gobi had a perfect amount of spice and the gobi masala was perfectly seasoned. the portions were perfect for a couple who had been wandering the city for a good part of the day and the perfectly fried chapati was a wonderful accompaniment to our meals. i highly recommend chennai garden and would love to eat there again!
Freakin' fabulous food. I had gone there recently with some family and while it seemed crazy busy, we were seated quick. For all those (Indian) people who like to wash their hands before eating, there is a wash outside the bathroom as well, so yipee!!Down to the food ...., I ate more than I should and more than I wanted to pay for but people have had worse regrets on a Sat night. The ambiance is this crazy, fast Bombay style place, a little too loud at times. Lots of non Indians go here so it definitely is a good spot.I got the Gujarati thali and it was decent but someone in my party got the paper dosa and it came out cold so could have been better. Get the appetizer sampler, its awesome!
Cheapest meal I had in the city on my week long trip and walked out stuffed. Yes, I did have the lunch buffet like all the other people in there! Next time I'm for sure going to try the menu option but it's great. You do get what you paid for and not more for the buffet but it's worth it because their buffet is about quality and the quality of the food was great. As a fellow south indian who gets spoilt often by parents cooking the food here overall tastes and looks homemade! Not an indian place where you have everything cooked in heavy cream and soaked in oil. So, yeah location was not bad and stopped at union square on the way for the little shopping area for the holidays. Worth a trip out to little india.MINUS: The seats are a little too close EVEN FOR MANHATTAN/NYC! So, if you need to have deep conversation with the person your going with then uhh take it to go?
Tiffin Wallah is...ba-ba-baller!  GIGANTIC menu, which can get confusing if you're not a regular with Indian fare, but totally a great deal and yummy.  Recommend if...A) You're in the mood for some menu roulette (spin the menu around and blindly point)...you're bound to find something tasty.  B) You dig dosa...one of my faves for Indian food.  Yummy!  C) You're a meateater dining with a vegetarian...TONS of flavor you won't miss the meat!
Second time here. First time came with 4 girlfriends and second time with my mom. Service isn't phenomenal as we sat waiting for someone to offer tea and coffee for awhile, however, we were digesting our food anyway.Recommend any of the DOSA's as the huge bread cylinder is always fun for the table. Samosa Chaat are amazing as well and the coconut sauce on them is delicious.
Great place for an Indian lunch buffet.  I stumbled upon this restaurant while searching for Desi Galli to satiate my Indian food cravings and must say I was pleased.They have a decent collection of vegetarian items (5-6), accompaniments (chutney, papad, curd/raita), rice, roti/parantha and a sweet dish. Lunch menu is different each day of the week to ensure variety. Food was flavorful with a slight south Indian touch. They served 'Malpua' in sweet dish and it was DELICIOUS!Staff is very friendly & efficient. Place is tiny yet neat. Decor is average. Their lunch buffet at $7.99 is a total steal. Must Try!
Upon learning that Chennai Gardens -- my long time favorite spot for Indian food -- had closed and that the chef went to Tiffin Wallah, my buddy and I were itching to give it a try. Without checking out the menu, we found ourselves there during the lunch buffet, which seemed to mean, unlike in other restaurants, no menu. The buffet had about five entree-like dishes, each of them unlabeled. Consequently, I had to ask which dishes were dairy free. What I did eat was delicious, but I had no idea what was in three of the five main dishes. Additionally, the restaurant was quite warm, not just in the corner where we sat. My buddy was in awe of the food, she enjoyed the curried tofu (dairy) and I enjoyed (what I think was)the  Gobi Masala.If you are not into ambiance and are just looking for yummy veggie foods, I recommend Tiffin Wallah. Just go on a cool day.
Went here for the midweek lunch buffet with a vegetarian friend, and thoroughly enjoyed it. A nice variety of dishes; different pickles and sauces to spice things up if desired; reasonable price. It's utilitarian by nature (likely a bit more of a relaxed atmosphere at dinnertime) but the staff was attentive enough, the place is kept clean, and the food is very good!  I'll go back to try some other things not offered as part of the buffet, definitely.
I love the Gujarati Thali. It was worth the trip. Monday to Friday they have the buffet which is an excellent price of under $10. However, they do not have buffet in the weekends.
Brilliant vegetarian food, some of the best South Indian food I've had anywhere. I'm giving them 4 stars for the good, not great, North Indian food. The prices are good for dinner and fantastic for lunch. A must visit, and probably the best place in Curry Hill.Update: The North Indian food being just good was a one-off. Been there more often now. All of the food has be superb since.
My initial impression of this place was questionable, since the waiters were all non-Indian looking at all but boy did they gladly change my opinion quick fast!  I came here with my South Indian friend for their ballin $6.95 lunch buffet which had a nice spread.  Upon reading the reviews, I didn't see dosa but chappathi...is dosa on the menu??  I'm not too sure, but the food here was really nice and filled with flavor.  Quick service; my water glass was always more than half full.  I'll be back for sure - I actually ate my food correctly here - with my hands :)
I am definitely NOT an expert on Indian food but, my taste buds can't get enough of this place. From the lunch buffets to the varying dish options Tiffin Wallah tops my list of best indian joint in manhattan. The items on buffet line never disappoint and are changed daily. The staff are super friendly and attentive, and the buffet is constantly getting replenish (which is awesome for those of us who never find them selfs with empty plates) they have various sauces, and even dessert! You can beat the price or ambience. Definitely check this place out if you are looking for good Indian food.
OMG such good food...went to go pick up lunch and brought it back to my desk.  Finished it in 10 minutes, and realized that the chutney was all over my fingers and there was sauce all over my desk....not even mad ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
4.5.Who would have ever thought that you could get food coma out of VEGAN INDIAN FOOD!  Well, you sure can but just as a warning, looks are deceiving. Thali dinners are the way to go!  It's like a prix-fixe meal at a major bargain. For $15, you get a colorful assortment of food from yummy lentil soup to sweet, spicy and heavy sauces, not to mention the delicious Tiffin rice cake and dessert.  With everything on the menu looking foreign, I ordered the Tiffin Wallah dish. Figured a dish that is named after the restaurant would be safe, plus, it has rasmali (think almond "bread pudding/souffle"). Lemme tell you, it was more than safe, it was SUPERB!! My friends and I didn't realize that we would be over the top full after eating here (we shared a dosa in addition to eating our entrees/combos).  So, take my advice and just stick with either one entree per person or three combos total and nothing more. Unless you want to take things to go, stop yourself from ordering more, which leaves you two options: come here with a group of four (maximum seating) or stop by different times to explore the delectable menu. Great service, affordable, delicious food, I'm definitely coming back here again. Students and starving artists, lunch special only goes for $6.95!!!
I finally tried the weekday lunch buffet here, as I said I was going to for ages. Well, it took me a while to find it due to the sign at it's address "Chennai Garden". The entrance was confusing. Also, a sign in the window showed that the buffet price had increased from what the online menu stated.But still I tried it. The place was small and the buffet setup a bit confusing. It would also be nice to have labels on the dishes offered; though I knew what they were, it was apparent from the conversations around me that not everyone did.There was low variety, but decent quality. Green beans poriyal would have benefitted from smaller potato chunks rather than the flavorless behemoths present. I pushed them aside and focused on the beautiful, coconutty beans. They were just right. Chana masala and sambar were standard; vegetable biryani was better than average and saag paneer was unique and delicious. I did not eat any of the breads. Coconut chutney was fantastic! Also noteworthy to me, the semolina-banana dessert that was just sweet enough, not cloying, and studded with cashews.Still, though, I don't think $9.75 was a justifiable price for this buffet. For lack of variety, it could stand to be a couple dollars cheaper, or perhaps come with a free chai or lassi.
In town for business and was given the suggestion to check out Curry Hill, but wasn't given anymore direction than that.  So, naturally, I Yelped it and came up with Tiffin Wallah...which is nearly as fun to say as "Wally the Waiter from Wallawalla, Washington."The menu is extensive and there were a lot of new options for me.  I think this was my first true exposure to South Indian cuisine.  My waiter recommended the Tiffin Wallah dinner which is an assortment of sauces...sweet, sour, spicy, light and hearty with naan and the crisp (sorry, I don't know all the names of things..so thank goodness for the glossary on the back of the menu!). I especially liked the spinach with paneer and the chick peas.  Yum!  The waiter was helpful, friendly and attentive.  He was especially curious about my southern accent and was asking me questions about Texas which was nice...especially as a solo diner.  Then there was the ticket....$15 smackers!!  What a deal!!!Not sure when I'll be back to NY, but I've book marked Tiffin Wallah!
After trying several 'Curry Hill' restaurants, I've finally found one I like. I've lived in India for 20+ years, so I'm pretty picky about my Indian food, and this place stands out to me as the best of the Curry Hill bunch.This restaurant serves both North and South Indian food, but the North Indian is average, while the South Indian is amazing. I highly recommend eating Idlis or Dosas on here. For those in the know, the sambar is good, and the chutney is both delicious and plentiful, unlike other places that serve you a thimble sized watery mess.Weekends are the best time to go here, especially brunch. They have a expanded menu on weekends, and the weekend specials are mouthwatering enough for me to trek over from Brooklyn.I'd give this place five stars, but the staff can be a little surly. They range from grumpy (almost bald guy) to friendly and sweet (tall asian-looking guy)I just went there yesterday, and I'm already wanting to go there again...
Oh, Tiffin Wallah, how sad I am that I didn't get to try your food. :-( On a day trip to NYC I researched and picked out this place for lunch, but neglected to check the lunch/dinner times. I had an appointment that ran late and my friends and I arrived just as lunch was ending. We were meeting for a long lunch - it wouldn't have been fair of us to make them keep the kitchen open and interfere with the changeover to dinner. I felt bad because the maitre'd seemed dismayed that we left, as if they had done something wrong, but it was just that we didn't realize how late it was when we came in.What I can comment on: the place looked clean and smelled amazing, the staff were friendly (and too polite to tell us right away that they were trying to close - sorry gentlemen, we were really tired and a little slow that day), and the menu looked incredible - solid South Indian vegetarian, from rasam to ras malai, dosas and thalis. If we come to the area again I'll make sure to note the meal times and arrive on time, because I wanted to try at least half the menu.
If 'Curry Hill' (Murry Hill/Flatiron) is where the best Indian/Afghan/Pakistani food in NYC is located, then Tiffin Wallah must be included in the discussion for best ethnic food available to the hungry traveler.Without exception, it's the best true Indian food i've ever had in my life. Tiffin Wallah is a quiet, clean building that features nondescript and efficient service. It closes relatively early at night (by NYC standards) and is best enjoyed as an early dinner or late lunch. Brightly colored walls and a shotgun style dining arrangement keeps servers bustling politely and seamlessly between tables, never far away and focused on customer satisfaction.TW is kosher and all veggie. Normally, i'm a total meatitarian; friends will vouch for my grouchiness when dinner doesn't offer some blend of savory flesh or fish. I can be persuaded to go tofu, in a pinch....but the food here makes it completely unnecessary to worry about those petty concerns; it's an amazing and earth shattering level of deliciousness.The menu is difficult to chose items from, as things sound roughly similar. The differences in taste from dish to dish is both subtle and intense. I enjoyed the Alu Chana potato, a dish featuring chickpeas and mildly spiced tomato sauce; it was pleasantly spicy, and the soft chickpeas were blended with the sauce and not overpowering. Small soft bits of potato complimented the dish without changing the texture or taste. I smiled and rolled every bite around in my mouth to savor the delicious earthy flavors.I also tried a bit of the Navratan Korma  (mixed vegetables, paneer, nuts, raisin plus cream sauce) which was a light and saucy dish that had a sweet taste. It was best enjoyed with the Stuffed Parantha, a naan bread that was thin and had baked in potatoes. Unbelievably fresh, I was wiping my plate clean with every bit.TW also serves Dosas, which i'd never had before a previous visit. These dishes feature typical indian flavors baked into a sweet and thin pastry shell; think of an enormous earthy crepe. Very good.The basmati rice served here is expertly prepared and would be a fantastic meal with just the sauces, regardless of how mind blowing the accompaning dish may be.The staff is always willing to help with recommendations, and they offer weekend specials, as well as a lunch buffet. The prices are VERY reasonable, across the board.I may sometimes forget how good this restaurant is from one visit to the next; I am not so foolish as to believe that I can find anything better. I will be back.
I was here a while back with a guy friend of mine. Neither of us are familiar with Indian cuisine so this was quite an interesting experience. We ordered thali dinners with a bunch of things that I cannot recall and priced at a number I don't remember. All I can tell you is that it was satisfying.After reading the reviews here, we had to try their dosas; we were not disappointed. When our dinner courses arrived, there were so many little things in there that we were quite flabbergasted. How do we eat this--properly? Casually sneaking a glance at the adjacent table, we followed suit. We don't want to look weird drinking sauce while dipping things into soup. Heck, it took a while for us to figure out which was sauce, soup, and dessert ha..ha...ha shh we know better now.
I came here today for the $8 all-you-can-eat lunch buffet and I was impressed. The food is extremely fresh and the selection was good. Not only did they have two types of basmati rice, they also have additional starches like chapati, bondas and papadam (my favorite!).All in all, it was definitely a satisfying meal.
It has been about a month now since were were in NYC and went to this place....but omg I can't stop thinking about it. I would eat here every day if I could. All kosher and vegetarian - and full of flavor. The dosas, the paneer, everything we had was delicious. Just go!
I like spicy, but that damn chicken vindaloo had me taking breaks between spoonfuls. It was a clean relaxing environment and the food was great. Samosas were so good, my friend was swearing up and down that it was an empanada, I'm like, bitch, we are in an Indian restaurant and it's a fuckin samosa. it's almost like calling lo mein spaghetti
Great lunch buffet for $7.16. All you can eat, tasty vegetarian food. The layout of the restaurant is a bit tight, especially in the back, where the cashier is and a snake-line forms to get to the buffet. (The plates should be on the other side of the buffet line, I think, but then they'd lose a table.) Buffet includes a tasty beet dish, two types of rice, a lentil dish, okra, and some side options. I would have liked some veggie samosa, though. And maybe some labels on the dishes...Either way, I'd definitely come here for a quick bite.It's worth waiting for. The turn around for tables is quick!
Cheap South Indian restaurant conveniently located next to the hotel I stayed at, but also had great reviews on Yelp. My partner sat down amidst a busy lunch crowd on a Sunday afternoon. The walls are lined with braille and little potted plants adorn the tables. We helped ourselves to a couple of the complimentary mango lassis (thank you, Yelp!) and promptly ordered samosas, the paper masala dosa, and a vegetable curry. The lassis were delicious and the samosas were steaming and satiated our hunger until the food arrived. The dosa came out perfect, light, a little oily, with yogurt, chutney, and masala on the side. Our food was great, but the 2 of us were stuffed and could not finish all we ordered. Too bad we couldn't take leftovers since we were on a bus back to Boston.Food and service were quick and attentive, despite the number of patrons. Prices are less than $10 per entree. It's great for groups. They accept credit cards. I would definitely return.
Super fast, super cheap, super good.Not in the most interesting neighborhood, but it hit the spot!
One of my favorite spots in Murray Hill (which we all know isn't easy given the plethora on Indian restaurants in the area). Their Chole Bhature is unbelievable. This place is perfect for a yummy meal on a rainy NYC Sunday afternoon. I'm taking one star off because of the grumpy Nepalese owner/manager who really doesn't like to make small talk with his patrons.
Excellent ambience. Delicious food.My favorites - onion rava masala dosa, semiya upma, idli in a rasam bowl.Pradeep is a gracious host and I've been coming here since it opened. Love TW!
Tiffin Wallah is a good spot -- first of all, if you're dining with someone with dietary restriction (i.e. veggie and/or dairy free), this is the place to go. Unlike most Indian restaurants where you have endless back and forth with the waiter about what dishes are dairy free, the Tiffin Wallah menu puts a blue dot next to all dairy free items.  Points for making life easier.The room is sort of fun - big tiffins when you walk in, the low ceiling is painted a deep green, the tables (while a bit too close together) have small funky plants on them.  Points for decor.We went early, before the dinner rush, and ordered light - we had a South Indian thali (the highlight was the uttapam, which was just so delicious) and the chana masala.   Tiffin Wallah is a bit pricier than the divey joints on Curry Hill, but I'm always willing to shell out a few extra bucks for atmosphere.
Delicious, cheap eats with gorgeous plating that makes the food look like it was really expensive. Good service--I went with a party of 8 and everything came out piping hot.
It's nice to see these good reviews... however, don't bother with delivery.I'm writing this as I eat what I just ordered, and the only reason I'm still eating it is because I still have another few hours at the library and I have no other food. I ordered over Seamless, I called an hour after I got the order confirmation, and he told me "soon" - 20 minutes later my phone rang. I ordered medium spicy. This is THE blandest Indian food I have ever eaten (not even joking... plain oatmeal rivals this), and also the greasiest. I'm gonna be so sick later. Guh-ross.
Best lunch buffet anyone can ask for.  I gluttonously eat several peoples' worth of food, leave happy, and don't eat until the next day.  I've eaten countless lunches here, and only very rarely been disappointed by the veggie- or curry-du-jour.  Tiffin Wallah rocks.
I have eaten at this place a couple of times through out the years, and every time I go it gets better and better. They have the perfect combination of South and North Indian Food. I took two of my friends who have never had Indian food and they were in love with the Masala Dosa, Medu Vada, Potato Bonda and kadhai paneer masala. If you are new to Indian food, get the South Indian Thali, its a lot of food so you won't need to order an appetizer or dessert. It has a two of the most popular appetizers (idli and medu vada), two of most popular entrees (uttapam and masala dosa) and a sweet dessert (badam halva - almond pudding). Food is excellent, service is okay, though the staff is friendly. Overall great good and value.
After leaving an "Indian" restaurant in the Flatiron district, The L. and I were hungry and trawling about Curry Hill when we found Tiffin Wallah. I had recalled it being highly recommended by a non-yelp (horrors!) friend and we quickly made our way in. What the other place lacked in character, authenticity, patrons and swagger, TW made up for 10x over. Tiffin Wallah is not a fancy place by any means but it is obviously a labor of Love overseen by a very sweet and cutie pie owner who takes pride in offering homestyle Indian fare at excellent prices. It is Southern Indian kosher vegetarian .The L and I decided to do the buffet lunch, as opposed to the menu, as it smelled really good and I could find some vegan eatings. One dish I ate had chickpeas and the other I think Okra. It does not matter though as both were delish and vegan. I tried the "fancy" rice and scooped on some condiments which turned out to be waaay spicy for me, at that moment, and washed the burn partially away with an Indian beverage called Limca which was like drinking liquid incense. It was unusual (for me) and intoxicating even though in truth it is a lightly carbonated lemon-lime soda made in India. Loved it! " "Limca. It's veri veri Lime & Lemoni.""The service was Excellent, the place was decorated with thought and care and a pinch of eclectic and the food cheap & cheerful (in the best way possible, $7.95 pp lunch buffet), filling and delicious. I would love to go back next time in Curry Hill/Little India. I just wish I lived near by to partake in their Tiffin service. :)))Along with LKS in Mount Kisco, Tiffin Wallah has been my favorite Indian food found in the region. No complaints.youtube.com/watch?v=bYeb…
Well, I can only speak of 2 spinach dishes, but they were both excellent & I am pretty particular about my Indian food. Both the Palak Paneer & Chana Saag were full of flavor, and had exquisite texture. The Palak in particular had some of the best "cheese" that I've had, firm, chewy, but not to a fault.While this style of Indian does not include Naan bread, they do have something called Chapati which is thinner, a little more crepe-like, and a fitting accompaniment for the vegetarian cuisine.You can bet I'll be dining with Tiffin Wallah again.P.S. Their walls seem to be giant panels of braille. That is awesome.
WOW, I am shocked that nobody has commented on the NASTY, RUDE waiters and horrible service at this place!I came here for an early dinner with my younger brother and sister. We decided to share everything and asked the waiter for suggestions on what was good. His response was "I don't know" and was indifferent and did not care to be helpful at all. We ended up changing our minds about an entree right after we gave him our order. He seemed really annoyed that we changed our mind. Still, no reason to be so rude. So after being rude the entire time we were there, he refilled my brother's glass of water - AND SPILLED WATER ALL OVER HIS HAND - with no apology! Later, when we asked to take some food to go, another rude waiter brought over a to-go box and pretty much just dropped it on the table - with an attitude - pretty much saying "Here, do it yourself."Food was fine, but definitely did not blow my socks off.Thanks, but no thanks. I'll take my business somewhere else where people appreciate their customers!
After my last very good experience, I returned. Unfortunately, they were not able to repeat the experience. Perhaps it was a different chef. Anyway on this visit the food was typically very bland New York style Indian, no taste and no heat.
I am stunned that some people complain about the service at this place. Actually, I'm not. Now that third tier colleges are building dorms with doorman and spa services, young people feel entitled to literally everything. While I totally agree that subalterns making $2.85/hour plus tips should ignore the vagaries of a busy lunch service to leap to my assistance and convey their respect, I also acknowledge a pretty obvious reality: a restaurant that serves made-to-order lunch for three people for $32 in Manhattan is not going to feature puling white-gloved captains in top hats.Our service was, all the same, very friendly and competent.Salt lassi was quite good, though it could be saltier, still. The bhel puri was much better than usual; this dish can often be soggy and mushy. TW's version featured strong, bright flavors, and was not overwhelmed by tamarind.Chana chaat and samosa chaat were also above average. A little more heat would be nice, though both dishes were certainly flavorful.  Less sauce for the samosas, I think.I am a real fan of the chili, tomato, and garlic uttapam. Not too greasy. The accompanying coconut chutney was a good foil to the (moderate) heat of the pancake. I ignored the sambar after a few bites because it was not very good.
My go-to place for Curry Hill vegetarian Indian lunch buffet, introduced to me by my Indian co-worker.  It used to be $6 for all-you-can eat.  But I think it's now $7.  That's still quite acceptable in my book. I really like this place - the decor is contemporary and service is very accommodating.  And the food - it's pretty darn delicious.  Only caution is that because it's so good and so bottomless, you will overstuff yourself without realizing it and then all of the sudden, you will find yourself with your head down on your desk, snoring. They change up the variety everyday but you can always count on a salad bar, a rice pudding dessert, rice, pancake/crepe, and curries.  I'm embarrassed to say that I do not know the names of these dishes that I love.  Perhaps Tiffin Wallah can start providing labels at the steam table?  Or I'll just bring my co-worker and a set of flash cards next time.
came here for a weekday dinner with one of my friends who had traveled around Indian for her summer vacation. Some menus we had were excellent; some were very disappointing. You might like this place or not, depending on your menu selection.-recommend: Paneer Masala (punjab curry) and sweet Lassi (indian yogurt shake) were one of the BEST i've ever had in Indian restaurants. They were just perfect. Especially, paneer was so good and tasty. If I stop by here next time, I will definitely try Korma which is my favorite Indian curry. -Tiffin Wallah (several side dishes served with rice, naan, crispy dosa on a traditional thali set) was very disappointing. It does not worth $15 at all. If you want to try various authentic tastes of India, then it might worth, but I think you would hardly find anything that you like. The only thing that I could enjoy was rice pudding..Chaas (yogurt shake with salt and spices).. well I returned this yogurt to our server after taking just one sip. very weird taste. It's very thin even though it's called "yogurt shake". Price was okay. Service was so-so. It didn't take that long to get our food served. Our server was kind though he was somewhat clumsy.
Went here a lot over the summer for their cheap and quick lunch buffet.  Pretty tasty, and for the convenience and price, it's worth it to make a visit.  Although, they did sit me at the same table as another solo lunch guest one time, and it was super awkward.
This was the best meal I had in NYC during my recent stay - and it cost the least. I went to the lunch buffet and was mightily impressed by the quality, flavor, and friendly atmosphere. Many of the people I saw here seemed to be regulars, and I can understand why.I've never had South Indian food, so it was great to try something different without pretension and fuss. I wish I could have gone back for dinner - next time for sure!
We've eaten here ample enough not to review it on yelp! But as they say old habits die hard. What prompted me to review this one was our latest visit last Thursday when I noticed that this place has been given a B grade by the NYC Department.I really don' u'stand this grading system at all!This was the first Indian place where my husband took me asa I'd ushered in NY in 2010. Their lunch buffet is never disappointing. We went there last Thursday again for the lunch buffet after having eaten there umpteen number of times in the past. Their gulab jamun's are the bestest in town. And when I write the bestest, I am not exaggerating.  The dinner is costlier of course, and has much better quality of saambhar and other south Indian dishes which are made fresh when ordered.Whenever in doubt about eating Indian, turn to Tiffinwala and rest assured you shalln't be disappointed.
Curry Hill is quickly becoming one of favorite NYC neighborhoods. Not only because you can get your eyebrows threaded for $5 but also because there is, what seems, endless indian restaurants and groceries around. I am a curry-holic. Step one is acceptance...or admittance.. whatever.Anyway, my friend Steph and I decided to catch up and over dinner and I got to choose the location. I knew it was going to be Indian buttt where to start? I resorted to yelping it out. Found this place and read the reviews and decided BAM this is it. I got there early, around 6PM, and waited as Steph was running late. I really, really wanted a dirty kettle martini extra olives - that kind of a week. But, they don't serve alcohol, I mean there's wine but no hard liquor. I didn't ask about beer. My world sort of crumbles. Alas, I decided to try their chai tea and waited patiently. The restaurant didn't fill up right away and waiter was busily walking back and forth and dressing the other tables. When i received my chai, it came in this cute little cup with a spoon in the handle. So adorable. The tea itself so really good, I had to add a packet of sugar because I like mine extra sweet.Finally, when Steph got there, we ordered two curries and three appetizers and decided to share everything. My god, BEST. DECISION. EVER. Not only was everything delicious (I find myself dreaming about the sambosas and their spice) but it was so filling. We each ate to heart's content and still had leftovers. The damage on the bill? A whopping $17 each for 3 apps and 2 entrees plus 2 glasses of wine and a tea. Um. Heck yes! What a bargain!Steph was looking forward to Naan, but they don't hve that here. No worries, there are plenty of chaptis that make a mean replacement. By the time we had eaten the place had picked up. Almost all of the tables were full. I can't complain about the service. When we ordered, the food came quickly. The waiter wasn't hovering around us, maybe some people prefer that, but I enjoyed the fact that they came only when we were looking for them.I definitely recommend this place. Will be back for sure.
awesomely delicious mysore masala dosa!!! just perfect... :* must must must go whenever in ny!! :)
Best DOSA I have ever had...A true vegetarian delight!!! Excellent service and great prices!!!
I am not a vegetarian but I was amazed at the presentation, quantity and taste of the dishes I had. Oh and such a great value.I would definitely recommend this as an experience for non vegans.We had two of the dinner platters which was more than enough and we were able to try a bit of everything.  I loved the chick peas and masala dosa.Also I had no problem with the service as some suggested.
Just had lunch there this past Monday with my cousin.  We both had the buffet and it counts as the best Indian food I have ever had.  Definitely plan on going back! The only thing that surprised me was that the restaurant had a B rating from NYC -  I had expected to see an A given all the positive reviews and the place certainly looked immaculate.  The owner assured me that they had fixed up what was getting in the way of the A  and the city raters were returning shortly.  And it is a fact that sometimes the City gets too picky.  But again, the B rating would not deter me from returning for the delcious food!One more thing - they open for lunch at 11:30 so don't go there any earlier!
Great South Indian cuisine. The waiters were incredibly attentive - big portions. Between two ppl we split the appetizer for two and a spicy dosa and three beers. Plenty of food! Left full and happy.
Best vegetarian Indian in the area, with good delivery too. I like their gujarati dishes a lot, and they make great dosas and utthapams. Because of Tiffin Wallah, I get coconut chutney and sambar cravings. Somehow, they even manage to keep the dosas crisp for delivery. The weekend specials are also well worth exploring.
I've tried several places in and around Curry Hill and in other parts of the NYC. Barring one place on UWS which is now out of business and one place in Park Slope that I ate at years ago and don't remember it's name, this is my favorite. It's never been a miss: never too greasy, spicy or salty.This is the best place for my Indian favorites: bhindi masala (okra), malai kofta, baigan bartha and palak paneer. It's a South Indian restaurant but they do excellent Punjabi curries. The samosas are good and the masala chai is very rich, a bit too rich for my taste. If you like chana (chickpeas) give them a go. They are solid.They used to deliver to my apartment but shortened the distance by an avenue so i'm out of luck. Now, I occasionally make the trek for the lunch buffet (I've never gone wrong) or meet a friend for dinner. As far as South Indian food, I've had Tiffin Wallah's dosa, idli and the behl puri as well as a couple of others as part of a large group and everything was great but my experience with other places is limited. The group included three friends from India and they gave it rave reviews as well.
I went here based on the 4 star rating hoping to find a delish deal in Midtown. Do not let the 4 star ratings fool you. This place is a rip off!!!!!!!! They advertise their lunch special for bw $6-7, and it's actually almost $10! Not to mention that the food is not great (no labels of what you are eating), the service is suuuuuper rude! The wait staff spoke to me in the most disrespectful manner. They tried to charge me $14 for the lunch special and I had to argue my way down to $10. Do not waste your time or your taste buds. If you want to eat great indian food, I would suggest Bay Leaf in Williamsburg or if you want a real deal in Midtown, Chandni Food!
I've never gotten more quality food for less than the Gujarati Thali plate. I couldn't finish it and my friend couldn't finish his Thali Waffin plate either (and he finishes everything). So if you're going for the plates, you can skip the appetizer. However the samosa chaat was delish and the plates take a while to come out...so get the appetizer. The mango lassi was more mango and less yogurt, and especially good. The restaurant is totally casual (paper napkins), our party was dressed in a range from yoga pants to a business suit and it didn't matter. Service was average but the restaurant is a perfect value. The weekend menu has some specials that aren't on the regular menu. I couldn't find any alcohol on the menu but some tables had Indian beer so perhaps you can ask for it. It's a little loud, not a romantic dinner spot, but great for friends and established couples.
Oh I have found my dream Indian diner in NYC.  Do try their south Indian thali!
Ever since we first tried this restaurant last year, Tiffin Wallah is our new go-to place for a nice, delicious dinner. It's hard to find a restaurant with food this consistently good--we've loved everything we tried (the masala dosa, alu chana, and curried fried rice stand out). I don't eat meat, but my boyfriend does, and I don't think he would've noticed that the menu is all vegetarian...there's so much to choose from. And all the menu items are marked with "spicy" and "dairy" symbols where applicable, which is convenient for vegans and heat-fearers like me.The atmosphere is pleasant, but the servers tend to be silent and businesslike--some people might be looking for a friendlier reception, but we don't mind. What's more important is that the food is truly delicious, the portions are generous, and the prices are more than fair. Can't ask for much more than that!
Sometimes you move away from a neighborhood, and you forget about the little hidden gems.  I hadn't been to Tiffin Wallah in well over a year and for the life of me I don't know why.  This place has simply amazing dosas and excellent prices.  I'm glad to see that even though it's been such a long time since my last visit there, the food has in no way diminished.  I'll make a better effort to add it to the food rotation.
I love this place. Definitely my favorite Indian restaurant in the city. I've been to a lot (have the waistline to prove it) and I really think the dosas are best here. It's got a huge menu that's good for both Northern and Southern Indian foods - no fighting on that front. I love all the chat options and the modern decorating. Would be great if they maintained the space a bit better.I think the service is on par with the neighborhood - neither a selling point nor a strike against them. But I like minimalist service.
Yes their food is good but I will not return to Tiffin Wallah on principle.Their service is horrible. The last time I was there resulted in a trip to the ER due to a server hitting me hard on the head with a steel platter. Accidentally, but with no apology. Also received no apology from the owner when I tried to reach him repeatedly. After numerous calls, I finally received a call back (which I missed) and then had to play phone tag again. I never actually got to speak to the owner.  Had to foot the ER bill on my own. I regret not pursuing legal action against this business.
Best Indian food I have ever had, hands down. We ordered a little bit of everything and each dish was better than the last. Being a vegetarian is easy when there are places like this. The service sucks but the food makes it worth it. This is top on my go to list when I am in the city.
Quick, clean, and cheap for lunch buffet.  Vegetarian Indian is super filling and rich, so meat eaters won't miss out. $9 for lunch buffet.
Obscenely cheap and delicious. I had ordered a buffet lunch for two, a couple of weeks ago, and just re-did my order today, yet again!Can't wait for the food. :DHaving lived and worked in Bangalore, I can vouch for the authenticity of taste, preserved in their recipes.Would strongly recommend this place to anyone who wants a shift from eating the boring sandwiches and who wants some authentic Indian flavor housing her taste buds !
Don't know if they come more "genuine" than this. Wonderful selection of Indian food and, thankfully, helpful waiters. Ask for beer, because it's not on the menu. Sampler platters are a good first choice. Be aware, it is VEGETARIAN. Not a problem for me, but my kid had a hard time finding anything she'd eat.
Tiffin Wallah (like all establishments that give vegetarian fare a good name) enable the omnivorous diner to forget that they're not eating meat. For under $10 on nearly all counts, excepting the generous portions of set-dinner components that max out at $16, one can sit in a placid, spacious and clean corner of Curry Hill, and feast on delicious, savory, thick curries, dosas and uttapam.The foods are so nice and rich and satisfying, it really doesn't FEEL like you're eating cheap vegetables at all!
Tiffin wallah - def: noun - one who makes small, light lunches. Tiffin wallah is a typical south Indian restaurant in the heart of curry hill. They do have some north Indian curries but if you want a curry go somewhere else. Instead, get a tiffin, idly (fluffy rice cake), dosa (Indian crepe), uthapum (spiced, savory pancake), or thali (large mixed, Plate). typically, south Indian food is much lighter. Most items are made of a mixture of bean and rice flours and many different soups. It is a much lighter and sustainable Indian food - for both the stomach and pocket. The food at tiffin wallah comes out very quickly. The idly's cannot really be made when ordered because the nature of how their cooking process, but I lt these idly's were sitting a bit too long. I still think they were good. The soup (sambar) was good but I would have liked a few more vegetables in it. Our paper dosa, a HUGE paper thin crepe, was great. The price for these to items shared among two people, after tip tax, $16. If you have had north Indian food, like the spices, but want a twist, try south Indian food. Mot will not miss the meat (tiffin wallah is 100% vegetarian) and will have another cuisine to explore.
When checking credit card statement, saw that staff had added tip to receipt.
I wish everything was just a bit better....fairly bland offerings for Indian. We tried the papadum, assorted tiffins, navratan korma, batata vada and matar paneer...nothing inspired a second visit.
Good-enough cheap veggie Indian food, but a downgrade in looks and cleanliness from the now-closed Indian vegetarian mainstay, Chennai Garden. Expect the usual parade of numerous regional waiters competing for your table with more testosterone than grace, unless you get the older West Indian waiter. The decor is by no means as upscale as Saravana Bhavan, where there is too much dairy, sugar, and flour for refined-flour-free vegan me. If you are vegetarian and on a budget, this isn't bad. While the food isn't so mediocre it's just fuel, it is far from fine dining.
I love Tiffin Wallah!! I came here for dinner with bunch of girls. We had made reservations and it was one of my friend's birthday. Her birthday wasn't even on the exact day, but the waiter still got her free entree and dessert, soo thoughtful! :) The food : this place definitely exceeded my expectations. Being Indian, I knew how everything is supposed to taste like. This place had the best flavor in everything we ordered. So delicious and flavorful. From curry to dosa! Definitely coming back here. Highly recommended ;)
Finally made it to this place, somehow I always forgot about it. The lunch buffet was $7.95 and I enjoyed it. warning, the food was medium-spicy to spicy though. Overall the rice was fresh and fluffy, the stews were chock full of veggies and flavor. The best part of the meal were actually the lentil? chips. They were light, airy, crispy, with a hint of nuttiness. Excellent with the mixed red, brown, and green condiments. Indian nachos anyone? (healthy and gluten free) I took a star off for their sweet lassi gone bad. Was trying to decide on a masala coffee or lassi. Took one sip and there was a hint of sweetness and then a sour-milk aftertaste. Dirty dish water, toilet water? I was confused, was this the salt lassi? Is their lassi just different and a little fermented. Is this just the strong probiotic element? NOPE. I asked the waiter, he didn't understand me, then the GM came over. I encouraged them to try it. They went to the bar and poured themselves a little, couldn't tell what they thought, my back was towards them. The GM came over and asked if I wanted a little mango juice in it. I'm thinking, NOPE. Don't want all of my lunch curdling in my stomach with anymore of this drink. They were nice about it and offered me a coffee, then I realized. Maybe I shouldn't be drinking any milk product at this point. The GM took the drink away, and gave me a small glass of mango lassi. Wasn't going to risk it as this point. Did try a spoonful and the mang,o didn't taste milk-sour, was actually overly sweet. They were nice though, they didn't charge me for the drink. (I did hear the waiters yelling something "sweet lassi blah-blah-blah." I'm sure it stood for "sweet lassi has gone really BAD, do not offer, do not serve!"   These were the dishes on a Thursday afternoon (don't know the real names of the dishes, these are the general descriptions):-green peas in a tomato stew-mixed vegetables in a yellow stew-a biryani with some kind of veggie meat-white rice, nan-fried veggies balls-a cardamom infused corn? pudding dessert-those lentil chips!
I wanted to like Tiffan Wallah after reading so many good reviews, but our food was like a salt lick!   Both the potato dosa filling and the pea uttapam tasted like someone had spilled a salt shaker into them, and the only reason we keep eating (gulping water the whole time) was because it was later in the evening and we were starving.The service has been pointed out here before and I have to agree.  It was just.....weird.   The waiter was gruff and rude, yet he hovered near our table (there was no one else at the tables directly surrounding us) the whole time, listening to our conversation and craning his neck to look at the pictures on my sister's phone!  It was really strange, and with so many other options in the area, I don't think I need to come here again.
Amazing food and service!!!!!!!!!!!! The owner has great suggestions, Its so good you won't notice that it's vegetarian!! the spicy cauliflower starter and rice cracker peanut cilantro salad. They have a variety of deserts and the prices are fantastic!
This was a place my husband suggested that he and his co-worker went once before.  He had a better experience than I did.I was excited to go and try their buffet/unlimited dosa that my husband kept telling me.  Plus I worked up an appetite to get to this restaurant.  So when I arrived, there was no unlimited dosa buffet, but an ordinary vegetarian buffet.  I have had better vegetarian buffet dishes.  FYI, I am not vegetarian, but I can accommodate for anyone.  It's a tight restaurant, but I think there's more choices in the weekend.
We hve visited here twice for the Lunch Buffet. Pros: Lunch was tasty. Served with few appetizers and then main course buffet with some variations of food.. hospitality is good.Cons: Did not find any..
I retract my earlier score. This place makes some DAMN good dosa, man. True, the curries are still lacking, but I cannot get enough of their dosas and chaats. I do still have one qualm though: WHY THE HELL CAN YOU NOT SERVE TOMATO CHUTNEY ON WEEKDAYS? You're weird. But I like you anyway!
Tiffin Wallah rocks. The lunch buffet is cheap and delicious. It's worth the trip to the east side. The dinner menu is also great and very reasonably priced. I'm particularly fond of the appetizer bhel puri (one of my favorite Indian street foods), masala dosa and channa masala. My friends got the thali dinner and loved the selection, flavors and diversity of the dishes.  Now, keep in mind, if you love naan, Tiffin Wallah is not for you. It's not served in the restaurant, but everything else is so good I doubt you will miss it.The service is great. Not overly friendly, but attentive.
Food was 3-star, but $8 for an all you can eat buffet and superb, friendly service bumps it to 4.
There is certainly a sort of 'authentic' quality - much more indian like than the 6th st bangla restaurants... Their lunch buffet [$8.66 w/tax] is not overly sweet or spicy, but workmanlike presentation and robust, not delicate flavors....
Yeah their buffet selection might be smaller than some of the other places, but hey it's $6.95 for the weekday lunch which is a great deal for a meal where you can stuff yourself to your heart's content.The decor is certainly different than the typical Indian restaurants here in Curry Hill.  It reminds me of those converted country style coffee shops where all your cutlery, cups and dishware all occupy spots on a hutch to mimic the feel you're in someone's country kitchen.It's just a weird juxtaposition of Indian buffet dishes and trays inset on an island nook. Strangely they pull it off just fine, and no that isn't giant braille on the walls. If it were I might guess that it says "this way to the buffet, eat up and be merry"The owner and his staff are all super friendly as well making this tightly packed operation an enjoyable experience.  This place is definitely a place you probably don't want to go to with a group of more than 4 people.The dishes themselves are all very flavorful and do change from time to time.
Tiffin Wallah is hands-down the best vegetarian Indian restaurant in the entire city.  I live down the block from Indian Row in the East Village and their food is crap.My favorites here are the bhindi masala and kodhai paneer something (bad American, i know).  The samosa chaat is also damn near perfect.  Their dishes are always flavorful and satisfying and portions are so generous that I always take a doggy bag home.The restaurant itself is also very clean and well-lit.  The servers are tad aloof sometimes but once your food arrives they cease to exist, so no complaints there.
Tiffin Wallah didn't disappoint. The lunch buffet is cheap and there's a good variety of vegetarian indian food as well as chapatis, poppadums, sauces. Good service and friendly staff.
We arrived at 3p and they were still serving the lunch buffet for $8. It was serve yourself at the bar so I can't really comment on the service. They had all the fixings: that crispy yellow chip-like bread, several sauces and chutneys, roti, naan, rice, 3-4 main dishes. I won't get the names right, but there was my fave cauliflower, lentils and chickpeas. I didn't try the third dish due to the dairy used. There was even some soup. Net-net: tasty and affordable Indian vegetarian with vegan options.
One of the few places that get authentic south indian food right. Must do whenever in new york. I especially recommend the halwa a la mode, it is simply delectable. Dosas and variety rices are great too!
Can we say cheap?  I thought that it was the end of cheap food in Manhattan... especially for a restaurant that looked kind of trendy (aka NOT a hole in the wall).  This place is vegetarian.. but if you're into delicious traditional Southern Indian food.. you won't mind.  It's not meant to be a fusion place... or a new age place.. just plain delicious Indian food.Huge paper masala dosas.. delicious sambar... the onion rava dosas is really good... and the chana chaat is a refreshing dish.  Good deal on alcohol as well.  Cute date place.. without breaking the bank.I would stay away from the gobi masala or benghan bartha... not made the same way that I am used to.  A little too sour or tomatoey for me.
I've been here several times and each time, have come away feeling rejuvenated and empowered, like I can tackle Murray Hill and then move on to the rest of the world!Well, maybe that's a slight exaggeration, but the food is GREAT!  Everything is fresh, fresh, fresh.  The raita is creamy and cold and super satisfying on pretty much ... anything you order, and the dosas are magnificently sized - meaning they are bigger than my head!Everything's vegetarian here.  I mean, you don't even need meat when everything is so succulently spiced!The samosa chaat is delish, and at $5 for an appetizer, is much more of a helping than you would expect.  I had the alu chana, and it came with a whole bowl of white basmati rice that was beautifully garnished with a few pops of color via peas and carrots.  My friend had the mysore rava masala, which was like a beaming rainbow of glory for your mouth.  There's no way you could even attempt to name all the spices in that thing.  And who would even want to, when you could spend your time gushing about how awesome it tasted?AND, if I hadn't left it at home in my rush out the door this morning pre-Joe, I would have enjoyed it for lunch today - but coffee ... that's a whole other review.
When I come to Tiffin Wallah for their lunch buffet, I love the fact that I have no idea what anything is. I just take a scoop of everything my first time around and then on my second trip up, pick out my two favorites. Without a doubt, there are always at least two favorites.Eating this way is much more fun that trying to figure out what something is based on a vague menu description. I'd rather get a little taste of everything and then get a second helping of what I liked best.You can't beat that for a mere $7.
Just the best lunch buffet around. It's vegetarian, so if you are a monster person who must have meat in every meal it may not be for you, but the food is generously spiced and tastes as authentic as the South Indian food my step mother from Kerala makes.
Fast and cheap lunch buffet.
First time visitor. Started with chana and Pakoras that were fresh and rich in flavor. For dinner the Rava dosa did more than enough to fill. Had a faint bit of spice mostly potato and quite filling. Would come back again for round 2 to try other dishes!
I think it may have been because I was expecting too much, but my experience at this seemingly legendary vegetarian South Indian lunch buffet wasn't all that I expected. I'm not sure if they always have the same variety but when I visited there was: a chickpea curry, a lentil curry, a beet & potato ensemble, a vegetable stoup, and a couple types of pancakes. I really liked the beet & potato ensemble but thought it needed some more potatoes to balance out the sweetness of the beets. I also enjoyed the pancakes, especially the thin semi-chewy one, but as for the rest I was a bit disappointed. Granted this is South Indian food, not the usual curry-laden Indian restaurants I was used to but still after hearing that this place would make you forget you were eating vegetarian, I really didn't feel that level of adoration for this restaurant. Don't get me wrong if I had gone in there with no expectations, $6.95 for that variety of food would've been a better than acceptable deal, but it was just okay for me all things considered.Would probably go back to try a la carte ordering but not again for the weekday lunch buffet.
Second time here. Didn't hold the same wow factor the first time I went over 2 years ago (different chef?). I ordered the buffet ( from a My Cousin Vinny style menu).Cute buffet ($9)! Cute space- if you like crowded. At least they don't have many tables.Service  was mediocre at best.  Really fast when they wanted to shoo us out! So much so a glass of water was spilt.There were chutnuys but no appetizer to dip them in (why?). Rice was undercooked. While the rasam was lovely to sip on, it was improper for eating with rice. Pardon, but this is a South Indian place, right?Food was tepid at best.Masala tea was pretty good. Would I return...perhaps. Hopefully someone there will read this and re-think some things.I'm a South Indian vegetarian. So a place like this would be right up my alley if I didn't have a mother who is a cook extraordinaire. So  I usually steer clear of the things I could get at home. Oh well. At least it was not too costly.
Delicious food and very nice staff. One of the best in curry hill! Also great lunch buffet.
Went here with a big group, and had a good experience.The service was attentive and accommodating.The food was pretty good, but not great.  I had a a papri chaat and a plain dosa.  The papri chaat was fine, but it didn't have real papris, it had namak paray type things in it.  The plain dosa was mediocre-- it was a little smaller than I would expect, and it wasn't as thin and crispy as it should've been.  The accompanying sambar and coconut chutney were tasty, though could have been a bit spicier.  I would definitely go again with a group, but I will keep looking for a more legit dosa and chaat place in NY.
Maybe I'm biased because I work around the corner and eat the lunch buffet quite frequently, but I have to say, this is the best deal in the area. Money aside, the food is fantastic! I've never once had a bad meal. The buffet is great. Always a good variety, fresh, hot food. The service doesn't really exist, but that doesn't matter because you don't need interaction when eating at a buffet, anyway.I'm not a vegetarian, a vegan, in fact, I love meat... but this place can't be beat, even for a meat-eating machine.
$6.95 for a lunch buffet is a pretty good deal if you ask me.My friends and I were walking up Lexington, looking for a good Indian restaurant. We were tempted as we walked, seeing signs that said "$10 buffet" or "$8 Lunch Specials." After almost giving into those great prices, I was super happy when we found Tiffin Wallah, which was by far the best deal of them all.As a preview for what kind of food you can expect...The day I went, the buffet had naan, 2 types of rice, a creamy spinach dish, a curried vegetable, and some red chick pea (?) dish.All the food was yummy, and surprisingly filling for a vegetarian meal. Even though it was a buffet, there was definitely no need to go back for seconds.Oddly enough, despite how good the main dishes were, my favorite thing was their wide selection of chutneys and sauces. They had at least 6 different sauces and these things that kinda looked like tortilla chips. I have no idea if this was the correct way to eat it, but I treated those chips and the chutneys like a chips and salsa bar, and it was delicious! My favorite was the "tortilla chips" dipped in coconut chutney. Anyhow, even if that was incorrect, I definitely recommend doing it, because that was my favorite part of the meal!The service is pretty standard. The waiters refill your water frequently, but otherwise there is limited interaction. You pay after your meal is over, and it's very quick.
I just had my 4th and best experience here.  They raised prices, and if taht is necessary to put on good food, then I totally don't mind.  It was really outstanding--I am withholding the 5th star because my previous meals were not this good.
As a vegetarian, this all veggie restaurant was perfect.  My husband and I shared the Samosa Chaat (samosas coated in sauces), Malai Kofta (vegetable balls in a cream sauce) and Sukhi Bhaji (potatoes) .  All three were very flavorful and slightly spicy.  The portions were smaller than we are used to, but we had plenty of food AND didn't overeat.  Also, prices were reasonable (~$10 per entree).  The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was the unfriendly service.
I went for dinner just last night. My friend and I ordered the pakora (not bad...unless u hate onions...but really it's tasty friend breaded veggies), chana chaat (good) , and samosa (good). I had the rava dosa which was simple and well done.I liked the food and would go back if i was in a rush. Food came out quickly.But I did want to hang out with my buddy, and the waiters while trying not to be imposing -- well they were. I think they're trained to get people in and out, and keep turning the tables over. Problem is nobody was at the restaurant when I went.Anyway, I did enjoy my meal. And I think if i was in the neighborhood, in  a rush to get in and out...yeah, I'd go back. But if i want to relax, have a beer, and long conversation without feeling I'm being rushed out....nawBut yeah - good food for a great price. If that's your angle, you can't go wrong
Good chatts and food. Place is vegetarian offers south Indian food as well. 4 stars due too needs a little service improvement. Guy is picking up my plate when I am not done eating hate that.
Ups: best dosa in curry hill (i love the classic masala), thali plates are great, fantastic lunch buffet (despite a wait), they have taj mahal beer, very reasonably priced, fast service, idli, vadaDowns: can be a wait, no hard alcoholOverall: if you love dosa this is the spot. Good southern indian vegetarian is tough too find in the city.
I can't believe I've walked by this place for almost 2 years without noticing it. It just doesn't look like a restaurant from the outside! So weird. But I know of this and was looking for a time to try their south indian vegetarian food, and although it wasn't a total letdown, I thought that nearby Chennai Garden was better.The wonderful thing about Tiffin Wallah is how cozy it feels and how you can stay for as long as you want without anyone hurrying you out. Okay, so the AC wasn't functioning or something on the warm night we were there, but it wasn't unbearable. The place was packed on a Friday night. I went through all the many many options and finally decided on the mysore rava masala, which was rava dosa filled with masala and mysore spices. It purported to be spicy but it wasn't AT ALL. I have a sneaking suspicion they took down the wrong order, but not sure since to me the potato fillings taste similar as all the other fillings. I do know they have two types of dosas - the crispy kind and the spongy kind. I got the spongy kind but I tried a bit of the crispy kind and it was even better! I also thought the dosas were a bit too oily for my taste. But looking around, I see a lot of people enjoying their food so maybe that's just me. It's worth a try, and the prices are very economical for the portions and quality of the food.
I came specifically for the papri chaat.  It was very good, but a little heavy on the yogurt and sauces which made it a chore to eat by the end.  That said, it is the best chaat I've had in Manhattan so far and a filling and delicious meal for $5.I also had the medu vada, which was completely unnecessary but good.
Tiffin Wallah is my favorite Indian food restaurant in NYC. The food is amazing and while some yelpers feel the ambiance is so so, I really like the place. Some of my favorites are the Gobi Manchurian and the mango lassi.
Went for the lunch buffet and the place and food was great. My friend is a vegetarian and we can go to this place without having to worry that they've prepared meat in the same pots etc. would definitely go again.
I have opinions.I like food.Thus, I am on Yelp.But after eating and thinking about it, and thinking some more about it, I really don't know what to say about this place.  The food was fine, good portions, fairly tasty, but it didn't move me.  Even though I ordered their namesake, the flavors didn't really compel me to eat them.  They just kind of sat there and did what they did.It would have been nice to get a wine menu as well.  The red they gave me when I asked for it was fine, if a little grainy, but it was like spinning the wheel of wonder.Maybe I have to go back.  Maybe I'll forget and try other places.  I dunno.  More information needed.
Wow. Their food is amazing.We had the vegetable samosa and gobi manchurian. Both were flavorful and exquisitely spiced. The gobi manchurian was the right balance between crisp fritters and sauce.We were very excited by their menu; it's full of interesting options. I think we'll be busy eating through their menu for awhile. My husband and I love Indian food. We've probably eaten at over 75 Indian restaurants across the country and are very picky about what we like. So far, since moving to New York, we hadn't found an outstanding Indian restaurant. Shocking, we thought, given the sheer number of options here. But Tifflin Wallah is our new favorite. We'll make some regular trips from Brooklyn to eat here.
Vegetarian Indian restaurant! Somehow I didn't know this (what an idiot) when I decided to take a long bountiful buffet lunch break... so potatoes, rice, and bread were pretty much on the menu. While I was sitting there waiting for the chicken, lamb, beef I was completely sadden to not find it anywhere. Besides not having any carnivorous offerings, the food was worth the price, $8. A few vegetarian dishes followed by a few more, and you're done. The potato curry-ish dish is delicious, and you'd think you're eating some tender or white fish. The spinach dish, and curried vegetables are very good, and it's easy for a carnivore to be stuffed by Tiffin's dishes. The bread is a bit soggier than you'd want, but this place is really more like a cafeteria, than a restaurant. Lets say I was excited, then sad, then hungry, then happy... There's a big bowl of beer and drinks and I wasn't sure how that worked, but since work was calling, I ignored my potential Friday lunch savior/s. I'll definitely go again and see if I can know their menu for the day prior to going... Go here if you're a vegetarian or want a nice cheap lunch.
Amazing lunch buffet! You can't beat $6.95 for all you can eat Indian. And the quality of the food is really good too! The food is fresh and doesn't seem like it has been sitting for a while.
I give this place a 1 star. My husband and I went there for lunch while we were visiting NY. This place had good reviews and we thought of trying the food out. We ordered the tiffin Wallah thali and rava idli. Both were just okay, nothing extraordinary. Along with that we also ordered Chaash (buttermilk). Oddly they put crushed onions in the buttermilk (which is traditionally not done) which gave it a pungent/rotten taste. We left it after giving it 3, 4 sips. Believe it or not, after one hour me and my husband both suffered from food poisoning. The pharmacy saved us though.
I love Tiffin Wallah for their lunch buffet!  Everything is vegetarian, freshly made, delicious, and the buffet is all you can eat for only $7.60 (including tax).The inside is cramped and crowded during the lunch rush, but decorated very nicely, it's clean, and the service is super fast - you'll always have a full glass of water!The only downside is that they politely try to get you out the door the second you're done eating (at least during the lunch rush) so it's not good if you want a leisurely meal, but if you're on a lunch break and short on time it doesn't really matter.
So I went once again this time with the folks and my brother, Only to find the service a bit shabby and this time I found a staple in my medhu vada, This didn't bother me so much they offered to bring me another dish , But i opted to stick with it. Then what I realised was the coconut chutney was spoilt  my parents were the experts and they knew it right away , But we got a replacement of fresh white chutney  and another old spoilt  bowl too. I don't know if these guys are forgetful or just lazy and they think no one knows any better.  Any way it gave me a stomach upset at the end of the meal , I may never go back even though most of the food is delicious. The waiters aren't friendly and service is poor.
My college roommate took me here for the very first time and I've been back ever since! Very tasty dishes. Loved the dosa! The environment is very cheerful and the staff is so friendly!
Ordered delivery last night and cannot wait to order more from their menu!As my boyfriend is an avid meat eater, I was originally skeptical about ordering vegetarian south indian food for the both of us.  However, the flavoring and the portions were perfect- neither of us missed the meat. We got the Pondicherry Masala Dosa, Idli Sambar, Mulligatawny, and Garden Vegetable soup.  I've eaten South Indian food from numerous home kitchens, and this food was just as good, if not better.  The delivery service was efficient and the food arrived crispy and fresh.  If you've never had South Indian food or are looking to diversify your Indian food palate, I would highly recommend Tiffin Wallah!
Fantastic Indian food. My go to restaurant for dal. Love this place.
This was a great place to introduce my friend to South Indian cuisine. You see, in Philadelphia, there aren't many South Indian restaurants within city limits; one has to drive outside to experience this. And on a trip to NYC, I thought, heck, why not go eat some Indian food. Little did I realize my dining companion would fall in love with dosas and wanted like 5 more before our trip to NYC came to a close.The space is very clean which made the setting comfortable. There was enough space between tables without being intruding. Service was prompt and friendly.We ordered an onion rava masala dosa and a mysore masala dosa. From restaurant to restaurant, the taste of these dishes usually [hopefully] don't change much. I just hoped our dosas came out crispy and delicious. I cannot tell you how much it annoys me to see soggy dosas. I like my perky, crispy dosas, which thankfully, we received. To top off our meal, we ordered from rasmalai. Not too sweet, which was great.I didn't come here to experience extraordinary Indian food because I am already familiar with Indian food. I just wanted a solid, good-tasting South Indian meal. Mission accomplished.
Unbeatable!!This is a true New York Gem!!!And six bucks for a fabulous lunch buffet? Unbelievable!!!Go. Sit. Eat.
Normally I'd run the other way if friends suggested vegetarian for dinner, but Tiffin Wallah's dishes are actually quite tasty and filling! The curries are very chunky and well-flavored, and not too out on left field for those who are not usually Indian food fans. Top Picks: Bhindi Masala (with Okra!), Matar Paneer (cheesy, creamy), and Rava Masala Dosa (giant potato filled crispy crepe).I could have used a bit more rice to soak up the dishes though, but overall a good light and hopefully healthy dinner.
This is simply the best indian food I've had for the price in New York city.The ingredients were all top notch, and the preparation was damn near artistic.Cant wait to come back! thetrufflehoney.blogspot…
Delicious Food!! Everything that has dairy is marked with a blue dot. Everything else is vegan as vegetarians in India do not consume eggs (who knew?). I had the Aloo Gobi with about 4 plates of their delicious basmati rice.
Solid Indian restaurant in my books, What was ordered: Paper Masala Dosa- extra thin and crispy (I ordered this dish, I was craving for a crispy dosa), and this one was REALLY thin and crispy. Almost little bit too thin for my liking but still good with the spicy potato filling. Malai Kofta two vegetarian 'meatballs' in a spicy tomato cream gravy (served with basmati rice, almonds, and cilantro)- favorite dish of the night! There was something about that tomato gravy with the rice that kept calling me back for more and more and more.Undhiyu potato, eggplant, yam, snow pea & butter sauce- seriously a bit too starchy for me. The flavors in this dish were still very bold.  Lassi yogurt shake. choice of mango, sweet or salty- hands down, everyone at the table definitely agreed on this one. Best pick of the night, the mango lassi (sweet) was one of the best I've ever had.
$6.60 all you can eat buffet.beware, you will fill up fast here. I still feel stuffed 5 hours later.Not too spicy, not too curry. Not too fattening i guess since its vegetarian, but I didn't feel like i missed any meat here. i found a medium sized curly black hair in my plate on the first round.The ambiance is just a tad nicer than dumpy.Was going to do four stars, but I stick with 3.49there was also a one week old baby laid on its bald head two tables over. good luck dad.
Great vegetarian indian spot. South Indian dosas, idlis, sambar and more. It's legit.
Unfortunately, Tiffin Wallah is out of the list of my favorite veg places. We had to wait 45 minutes for our appetizer (which never came) before our server informed us that there was a kitchen inspection going on. At that point we were about to start eating each other...that's how hungry we were (and not in a sexy passionate way rather like carnivores...interesting comparison in a vegetarian place). Anyway...not coming back...your service sucks, your kitchen sucks and your food is good but not worth it!
My friend and I had dinner at Tiffin Wallah for the first time the other night.  Can't wait to come back again!We started with an order of Samosa Chat.  It was very tasty, especially with the cilantro sauce.  For entree, I ordered Bhindi Masala, which was an okra dish.  It was supposedly spicy, but really wasn't anything to me.  Next time, I'll be sure to request for it to be extra spicy.  My friend ordered Chana Saag, spinach and chickpeas in a cream sauce.   I enjoyed both dishes, and it's nice when you come with a friend because you get to sample multiple dishes.  Oh, how could I forget the rice?  So light, fluffy, and perfect!Next time, I definitely want to try the dosas.  They looked amazing!Extra bonus points for the decor and table settings - though modest, quite stylish and cute compared to other Indian restaurants in the area.You could easily eat here for under $10, but for the whole experience, you'll probably spend $15-$20.
I was in the neighborhood and picked this place by searching on Yelp.  Inexpensive, high rating and I could eat healthy food (I didn't even realize that it was only vegetarian or that there was a lunch buffet until I was seated).  This is why I love yelp.  thousands of users could be wrong alone - but when you combine all those reviews... you end up being pointed in the right direction time after time. Tiffin Wallah was great.  The buffet doesn't have a lot of choices - but it doesn't matter because every dish was spot on.  The spinach with cheese exceptionally good. For dessert there were vermicelli noodles in sweetened condensed milk - although I'm on weightwatchers right now - i went back for a 2nd helping - it was SOO good and unexpected and worth the points.  Maybe the best part of all - I had no idea how much the buffet was going to cost me.  I didn't see a menu or sign before I sat.  In Manhattan one never knows about the cost. Things can be ridiculously expensive or cheap.  I was prepared to be asked for $12 and thrilled to be charged $7.  $7?  All you can eat.  Really good food.  Lovely atmosphere.  Professional service.  SOLD.
This place has extremely tasty homemade south asian cuisine. If you are vegetarian this is definitely the spot for you as they do not serve any meat dishes. Good lunch specials are very reasonable and the food is always fresh and tasty. The staff is also very professional and courteous. The only downside is that the place you can become very crowded especially during lunch time so try to get there early or if you can help it get the food to go. Definitely 1 of the better indian restaurants on lexington avenue.
Remember when a few weeks ago I said that Chennai Garden had the best paper dosa and sambar in town, even better than Saravanaa Bhavan's? Well, embarrassingly, I have to eat my words: Tiffin Wallah might be better than both, at least for these two particular items. I hadn't eaten at Tiffin Wallah in almost a year, before tonight. Though the food has always been decent in my experience, it wasn't good enough to inspire defection from my two long-time favorites -- until now. I still have to return a few more times to see how consistent it is (Chennai Garden and Saravanaa's both have problems with consistency), but tonight's meal was so good I am inspired to return. But enough of the color commentary. On to the food! The vada was impossibly light and tender, less dense than probably any other vada I've ever eaten. I suspect they use a non-traditional formulation and add something to the lentil batter other than just baking soda to make it lighter. These had a crispier outer layer than usual, which makes me suspect there was rice or even wheat flour involved. I also liked that these were made with a lot of curry leaves and not too many peppercorns (just a personal preference). On the down side, the oil it was fried in tasted a wee bit rancid and the vada wasn't well drained. My paper dosa, on the other hand, was practically greaseless, without me having to ask for it that way. (Other dining companions who ordered the regular dosa said it was a bit more oily.) My dosa smelled lightly, intoxicatingly of ghee, though felt barely oily to the touch, and it was perfectly thin and very crisp without being too dry. It was, in short, a perfect paper dosa, the type of dosa I aspire to be able to make at home, someday. (As it is, my dosas resemble uttapam more than dosa at times!) Masala filling was fair: traditional and run of the mill. The accompanying sambar was also excellent. I know different regions have their different styles of sambar and different people look for different things in their sambar. But by my highly subjective standards, Tiffin Wallah's sambar was close to perfect. It was practically creamy in texture, thickened by toor dal and potatoes that had been cooked down. There were only a few types of vegetables, but the flavor was interestingly quite complex. A word on the service, since that at Chennai Garden and Saravanaa's can be spotty: The folks at Tiffin Wallah are on top of their game! Our server was courteous and speedy, the fellow behind the cashier (manager? owner?) was really nice and laughed at how entertained we were by the indentations in the egg carton-like protrusions in the walls. (Ok, hard to explain; just go look for yourself.) The decor wasn't posh, but it was perfectly presentable -- a bit less cafeteria in feel than S.B., a bit more modern than C.G. I really, really enjoyed my meal at Tiffin Wallah, tonight. I'll be back for many more, I hope!---Note: Tiffin Wallah's menu is a lot like Chennai Garden's. It offers Gujarati and other north Indian specialties and a lunchtime buffet, it sounds like; I haven't tried either of those.
The quality you get here is very very good. Located in the heart of curry hill, I totally enjoyed my meal and didn't miss meat. The flavors, colors. and textures are different for each dish and all very good. I will definitely be coming back and bringing folks for a taste of something different!
Been here almost every other month. A 'true' vegetarian Indian restaurant in the area and with really good prices and food. Like other reviewers I love the lunch buffet too. The servers are nice and friendly. I'd recommend the lunch buffet, dosas or the dinner thalis.
I like their food, but their response and delivery times are so slow! I literally live 2 blocks away from them, and order a couple of things, even then.
Pretty good place in ny. I ordered their north indian thali, it was decent but would yearn for their south indian thali. Food is yummy and staffs are courteous. They recommend food if you are new or confused with a huge variety
Good taste combined with decent Bollywood music and low price. Just the best mix. I would give it all stars if place was little more spacious and staff was not noisy.
The dosas are really good, but order the vegetable utthappam to be blown away. They taste amazing and the texture is unreal: crispy bottom, spongy middle, and juicy vegetables on top.
Got the bisibela bath while my friends got the sapadu (south Indian Thali) and pongal and idli. While ordering I thought the items were a little overpriced, but in the end the quantity and quality of the did justified the price. The only disappointment was my friend's idli, which she found quite unsatisfying.
I came in here without realizing it was a vegetarian restaurant so I was expecting to be somewhat disappointed but it certainly pleased. My friend and I ordered the Gujarati Thali which was a great deal for two of us and also was very filling. The potato in the Undhiyu had a great texture and tasted great with the eggplant and one of the other dishes (I'm not sure what it was but it was sour and tasted somewhat lemony) was very delicious and a nice contrast to the rest of the non-sour dishes. The dessert (rasmalai) was a nice finish--very sweet and very milky (which I personally like). The poori bread that accompanied the meal was nice, though not as puffy as some other places I've been. The food could have been more spicy but I was satisfied!
I am a south Indian and I am not one to eat Indian food when I step out of my house. But Tiffin Wallah would definitely be an exception. They really have authentic south Indian cuisine when they say so. I had the south Indian saapadu and it felt like home. P
I went there with great expectations, as I was there a couple of years ago with a friend and had liked the food a lot.But sad to say that the quality has gone down significantly. Not sure what ingredients they used in their food, but after eating the idly and a dosa there, I got severe bloated stomach and bit of ache. Even after 24 hrs of fast after that I could get a curry taste in my throat with a "burp"! Yuckkk!I am NEVER going here again!
I never tried their lunch special, but I tried other dishes. It was satisfactory.I am going back for sure when I am around Curry hill.
Hands down five stars.  Tiffin wallah is a gem in Curry Hill, which in my mind does not have any memorable restaurants besides Madras Mahal, which is barely a four.  This place is very cute and wonderfully decorated for an Indian joint.  You can easily turn this into a Thai restaurant -- because it gives no "Indian" cultural vibes but is truly an organized and simplistic place with a modern touch.  The service was good and the waitress - short Indian lady - was very courteous. I ordered the South Indian thali which was extremely fresh.  I loved the sambhar and the badam halwa that came with it as well.  The tiffin wallah for two appetizer was also good - their chutneys were flavorful.  The prices are affordable, and the choices are abundant.  I am definitely coming back here, no doubt.  I finally find a place that serves good Indian food -- not the type that is greasy and nasty or without any flavor.  P.S. It has a selection of beer and wine as well.... no hard liquor.Edit:I went back again, and tried their paneer kadhai masala and malai kofta with paratha.  Reaaaaaal good.
The lunch buffet is not as worth, rest the food is good
This place is AMAZING, and it definitely deserves the obnoxious capital letters. After all, if I were hungry enough, I suppose I would, in real life, scream about how much I love this place.The fact that Tifflin Wallah is all vegetarian is simply fabulous. And there are three pages of diverse, fantastic selections, of both North and South Indian cuisine, and the offerings are well marked for vegans and those who love the spice (or not). And what a concept: if you ask for your food to be prepared extremely hot, it actually is. I have tried the Chapati, Samosas, Mysore Sada (spicy and crispy rice and lentil flour crepe), Bhindi Masala (okra), Gobi Masala (cauliflower), and Alu Matar, and they all totally rule. And the chutneys are divine as well, so be sure to ask for them. Top it all off with a Kingfisher, and you're in business. Everything is delicious, and quite inexpensive as well. Dinner for two--with leftovers!--comes to about $40. And that's for two meals, an appetizer, and booze.I can't recommend Tifflin Wallah highly enough. It's a lovely spot. Excellent food, great prices, and a kind, attentive staff that will refill your water like nobody's business. Definitely one of my very favorite restaurants.
Can't say that I get this excited for all-you-can-eat places, but man o man is this place good!I've had lunch here at least 5 times, even though its across town. Now that I know they deliver, I'm going to order it even more!Its vegetarian, and they usually have a couple main plate choices, along with 2 different rice options and a lot of different sauces.
Wow. This has got to be the best deal in town. Where else can less than $10 get you a fantastic, authentic sit-down meal, in an airy setting? I don't think I've ever had a buffet taste so fresh, either. Dishes are constantly coming out of the kitchen, so you know it was just prepared. It's really my favorite place to go out to lunch. In the area. For those who are skeptical about vegetarian or Indian, please come here! The flavors are amazing. Ok, that's it. Stop reading. Just go there and try it.
Named for the Indian lunch box and focused on the lunch buffet, this restaurant is a hit for lunch or dinner. The food rocks! The menu is so extensive you'll forget its vegetarian. Everything is delicious and the prices cant be beat. Get a bunch of tiffens (starters) they're cheap and a great way to explore the varied menu without committing to a big plate. Or go with a Thali (combo dinner) to stretch your dollar even farther. Ordering a la carte? You must get the big burrito! OK, its actually a big crepe called a dosa, but call it whatever you like just try one. They are awesome. Chewy, spongy with crispy edges and stuffed with perfectly spiced veggie goodness. I'm still exploring the menu but some other favorites: Anything Paneer - The cheese is tasty and they don't skimp. They give you a good quantity relative to the other ingredients. Malai Kofta - Veggy "meat" balls in a spicy cream sauce. Few places make them, even fewer in NY make them well. These have a good texture and great spicy but not over powering sauce The one drawback is service can be spotty. One visit was great the next was atrocious, most have been just fine.
The old Chennai Garden buffet on 27th had been our de facto company canteen years ago; it seems enough of the staff, recipes, and/or equipment moved up here to 28th street that they feel entitled to advertise this new place as "Chennai Garden" (I think the sign said "Chennai Garden by Tiffin Wallah" or something). In any case, the food seemed just as good to me here, and the setting is somewhat less subterranean.
My colleagues took me to this Vegetarian only Indian restaurant. Took my boyfriend here to try Indian for the first time. The food is delicious, you won't leave hungry even if you are a meat eater. (okay maybe if you are a dude you may crave a burger after) There is so much protein from chickpeas, cauliflower, and all the different vegetables and starches. Paneer matar is delicious, on weekdays the gobi manchuri is yummy (reminds me of sweet and sour cauliflower stir fry). the Dosas are so good but may not be filling-its like a huge Indian Crepe. Anything with paneer is good. The tiffin wallah trays are fun, you get a sampler of appetizers, sides, salads, entree, rice in little trays for $15 bucks. Cardamon ice cream amazing. Mango Lassi yummy. Indian beer-refreshing. Great for groups and great prices.
I am usually a bigger fan of North Indian than of South Indian food, but this was a great experience. We had the Chana Chaat, the Undhiyu, and the Bhindi Masala. All three were very good. The Chana Chaat looks a bit messy but it's a really good combination of flavors - especially the yogurt balances out the saltiness very well. Service was prompt and no-nonsense. Will definitely come again (and then try the dosas)!
Heard this beats Chennai Garden...  So we gave it a shot...   Sorely disappointed. Though I liked that it was a bit spicier than CG, dosas were greasy and soggy!  And only after we left (luck would have it), we found out they had a C grade... C!!!!  Ugh.
Tiffin Wallah rocks my socks. I'm not as familiar with South Indian food as other Indian food, but the dishes here were delicious. I barely noticed they were all vegetarian. The papri chaat was crispy and spicy, the dosas were enormous and magical looking--like giant crispy crepes with spicy sauce and coconut sauce and succulent fillings. Spicy and coconut are two of my favorite words. I'm hooked.
VEGETARIAN South Indian food. We didn't realize that when we first walked in. Then we ended up with so much tasty food that I over-ate and had a stomachache all afternoon. It's very filling.The menu has lots of uttapam and idli and dosas and some curries. We ordered mango lassis, batata vada appetizer (potato fritters in a sweet spicy sauce), which was decent, the rava masala dosa (huge crepe with small amount of mild potato filling, and accompanying coconut sauce), and chana masala curry (amazing -- chickpeas, onion & masala spices). The chana masala curry was really great. I wish I could make it at home like this.It's a small place, and customers have to edge around each other to get into their tables, but service was fairly prompt, including water refills.
This place is delicious, authentic, fresh, and serves really really large dosas. Definitely a go back to place. According to their menu, free birthday dinner if you are 3+ and make a reservation in advance and have the id to prove it.
Wow. Very pleasantly surprised by the dishes here.  #1) We rush in for a quick lunch before our bus ride back to DC, and before even sitting down my husband asks for 2 masala chai's.  I LOVE him for this.  Best freaking masala chai outside of India. And it came out so quick and so fresh. #2) Ordered a samosa chaat, great flavors, not too spicy and they didn't over-do it on the stupid tamarind sweet chutney. Thank goodness. #3) Masala paneer dosa, great balanced flavors. The chutney was fresh and tasty and the Rasam (not the biggest fan of sambar) was spicy and tangy all at once. #4) My husband got the Mattar Paneer, which was also well done, but sometimes it's best to get south indian food at a south indian place. I'll be back, the menu is huge and a hit with me.
Whatup with there being a gazillion Indian restaurants in large cities but so few that actually produce delicious food? Indian food connoisseur that I've evidently become, I'm regularly underwhelmed by this or that lunch buffet or exorbitantly-priced fancy-pants tasting menu. Meh.Now, I'm a little sad that Tiffin Wallah is vegetarian only and doesn't serve naan, but I gotta say the stuff they *do* make (that I've tried) is sooooo frackin' legit. I had the Tiffin Wallah Thali set, which consisted of chana masala, palak paneer, rasam, and the usual staples (rice, chapati, raita, achar, even kheer!) and, for $15, this baby was a ridiculous value; I left the place hurting to breathe. (Why is it that, when it comes to Indian food, I can never put my damn fork down? Issues.)And, because I am me, I insisted on getting samosas as an app. I've had samosas at a dozen or so other restaurants, and TW's have ruined all others for me; in fact, I'm somewhat certain I won't ever be able to eat another samosa without wishing I were eating one from here instead. The filling is moist, well-blended, spiced richly; and the shell is perfectly browned with a moderate thickness that allows you to pull it apart where you want it to break and balances the flavorful filling without overwhelming with heavy pastry-y-ness.I mean, what more could your typical Korean-American Indian-food-horking samosa-lover ask for?Oh yeah, a giant vat of chicken tikka masala. But I can appreciate a Meatless Monday or two. Especially if I get to observe it here. Noms.
Delicious all vegetarian Indian food.  Plenty of vegan options.  You can order individual dishes (clearly marked if they are vegan or not).  The all you can eat lunch buffet at around $8 is one of the best deals in town. The staff will let you know which items have dairy, and there are usually only a few.
Didn't think I'd get hook with vegan Indian food but I did. Awesome food and friendly service. Gets crowded even in the weekdays.
Not sure how I could give this anything less than 4 or 5 stars...At ~$7 pp, for food thats more than respectable, by default, it gets at least 4 stars.From reading other reviews, the buffet changes up, but the constants are naan, dosa, and 2 kinds of rice.  Today, there were lenti, eggplant, and potato dishes.  All were very good.  And I'm still full 4 hours later :-)The 5th star comes from the fact that its also Kosher...I think this is the only buffet that is not only good and cheap, but also Kosher.  Good luck finding those 3 criteria at any other place in NY...for that, 5 stars!
By far, THE best indian food i've ever found outside my grandmother's kitchen. If you're hungry, Tiffin Wallah is always the answer. Appeals to all tastes.The appetizers are phenomenal, the punjabi curries are phenomenal, and most of all, the dosas are phenomenal (not to mention that they actually have ghee if you ask for it). Dessert is....alright. I've had better dessert. But after a meal this incredible, you won't have room for dessert anyway so no worries. You can't go wrong with the Papri Chaat appetizer. Main course favorites include paneer mutter, chana saag and the paneer masala dosa. Delivery is great too. If you're lucky enough to live in Murray Hill, you get almost immediate access to the best Indian food in New York. Food is usually delivered no more than 10-15 minutes after you make the call. Once it even showed up in five!The only sub-par factor here is in-restaurant ambience/service from time to time. It's got unflattering yellow lighting, which is a a little unappetizing, and servers often take forever to bring you the check.
Tasty, fresh, hot food.  That's not often the case at a buffet, but it is here. I love the array of fresh condiment chutneys and sauces.  The little bowls to hold them are great so that everything doesn't seep together.  Two veggie dishes, with plenty of protein, were much appreciated.  The dessert tasted like a not-too sweet semolina dessert, which was a lovely end to the meal.Also appreciated were the larger sized glasses of water, so we didn't need to flag the waiter every few minutes. All this for 7.16? I'll take it, again and again.
I decided to try out this place after reading yelp. I compared each and every Indian restaurant in this area. Meh... What a disappointment! Food wasn't good. My friend and I didn't enjoy the food here at all. We had a bite of each food we ordered, rarely touched the dishes. I asked for a check. The waiter surely knew we didn't enjoy the food, but didn't even bother to ask us about it. I left the full price of food and tip. Our stay was no more than10 minutes. I won't go there again.
Very good quality food!Taste is authentic. We were amazed by how authentic Kancheepuram Idly was.Everything else was tasty too. Good service. Recommend checking it out.
Reasonably priced for a hearty meal. Dosa was crisp... Biryani was delicious. The menu had about 70 items to choose from, including dessert. If you are like me, visiting from South, where typically hotels give Nan or Roti free with a purchase of curry, then this can be difficult. Nan has to be bought separately, besides curry. pretty impressive food. Highly recommended
0 stars!!! WATCH OUT, you could be scammed! I came here for lunch today to order my favorite dish, malai kofta. I ordered only one, and the waiter mistakenly brought out two. I was very hungry, and didn't notice the extra until I was halfway through my meal. I thought it would not be a problem - as I had not touched the extra, I informed the manager and asked him to remove it from my bill. BUT HE REFUSED!!! I have never found myself in this kind of situation. He was very rude, spoke loudly/angrily, and simply refused to adjust my bill. I had NO CHOICE but to pay for the uneaten food, even though I left it right there on the table without touching it. And he slammed the tables/chairs as I was leaving! THOUGH HE MADE ME PAY FOR FOOD I DIDN'T ORDER / EAT !!! The kofta and paratha were extremely greasy, swimming with oil - not only will these people rip you off, they'll give you a heart attack as well. And the food took FOREVER to come out, even though it was late afternoon. My advice - head to Kailash Parbat or somewhere else where they don't treat people like this (I went straight there for dessert, wonderful gulab jamun). There are way too many options on this street to have that kind of bad experience.
Best Vegetarian Indian lunch buffet!!! I go into food coma every time I come!!!! Totally recommend!
Below average food with indifference service.. I guess if you are very hungry and on a budget I guess you could eat here.. but seriously there are so many better choices right along the street..
For a vegetarian Indian food restaurant, they have excellent food.  The entrees are priced well for a sit-down place with waiter service (~$11-13 on average).  The dishes come with rice and are very filling.They are good about dietary restrictions for things like Jain diets and the restaurant is certified Kosher.  I have been multiple times and have gotten the malai kofta every time (vegetarian meatballs).  The dish is excellent and the curry sauce is rich and flavorful.  I would never have thought that anything called vegetarian meatballs could be as delicious.
For context, this was a day trip to NYC for me, and I put a lot of thought into where to eat dinner, and I had an abundance of second thoughts about choosing this particular all-vegetarian South Indian place, and even upon perusing the appealing menu, had more second thoughts about what to order.That is, until I started actually eating it.They had several thali options, and the South India thali is perhaps the most general of those and the fairest on which to rate them. It was quite possibly the only thali I've had (a combo platter with many small dishes) where I liked everything on it. The dosa was thin and crispy (not an easy skill, speaking as someone who's tried this at home) and filled with a fantastic and lightly fried potato and pea masala. The sambar was rich and spicy, and the idly I dipped in it fresh. The vada was good enough not to really need dipping, but the chutneys enhanced it anyway. The uttapam, while it looked a tad onion-y for my taste, was again cooked just right and dipped well into the various accompaniments. Having had lentil/rice preparations every which way, the carrot halwa at the end was the thing I liked least; a tad dry and I never really like halwa much, but still not bad.That is a full, rounded meal, and given the location, fairly priced, certainly better than some of the alternatives I was considering. Filled me up nicely for my late ride out of the city. It isn't a fancy place, but it's got a nice little ambiance going, and business was good while I was there. For anyone unfamiliar with South Indian cuisine, you're missing out, and this place is doing it right.
Great place for Indian food . I had the best Bagara baingan ( eggplant curry) ever. The portions were good enough and the food was delicious. Got complimentary naan and rice along with the meal. Value for money ! Would definitely go here again !
Love their dosas...specially gunpowder masala dosa...good service too. We have continued to come here for about 3 years now and nothing has changed, taste wise...so that's good thing :)
Rajasthani Tali FTW(Here is some more random text b/c Yelp doesn't like short, to-the-point reviews)
Maybe zika mosquitoes bit the people who are not giving 5 star reviews lol. This is the best south Indian food in Manhattan period.
We came here on a Friday for lunch and got lucky that we were able to get a table right away.  This place has a lunch buffet, $9 for all you can eat which is a great deal and explains why this place was so busy. Everyone there seen to be coming in for the buffet, this place is vegetarian and kosher. We decided to order a la carte instead of the buffet since we were craving dosas. I ordered the masala and ghee dosa with the mango lassi. Our drinks came right away and maybe because I was starving I thought our food took quite a while to come out.  Especially since I kept seeing everyone around us stuffing their faces and getting up for more. After what seemed like an eternity I saw our beautiful giant dosas coming our way.  I quickly managed to take a few pics since I'm such a dedicated Yelper before breaking off a piece and digging in.  The dosa was buttery and just the right amount of crispy. The sambar and coconut chutney were on point! This really took me back to when I first tried dosas in South India. The overall flavor of the dosa combined with the sauces made for a truly delightful combination! I  can't wait to return so I can stuff myself again.
This rating is solely for their service and hospitality. This is not the first time we visited this place. Being a strict vegetarian + Jain (No onion/garlic/potato) we have limited choice of restaurants in NYC and this has been a perfect place for us and our Friends/Family. However, based on our past experience 10/8/17, we want to request if you go to this place, please CHOOSE the appropriate waiter (At least not the one we had), who understands what the customer wants and orders appropriately.Our whole order was messed up because our waiter (name may be Amit) who had NO IDEA what we were ordering. He was pretending that he understood the whole order. It was simple order -Two south Indian Thalis w/Jain Sambhar and reiterating that it should NOT have onion/garlic/potato. He brought Thalis with Jain Sambhar, Uttapam with onions and Dosa filled with potato stuffing. When we tried to explain what we asked for and what we received in our order, he started behaving VERY RUDE. He did not only take our South Indian Platter thalis from our table but said he cannot accommodate our request so we must order from Ala Carte  otherwise LEAVE the place. We were about to leave the place and their Chef came along with other waiters and they apologized for whatever happened and were able to make our order correctly.The RUDE waiter didn't even show up to apologize or to accept his mistake but kept staring at us with angry look like it was our mistake. We paid the bill in full and left.In nutshell, just because of one waiter's attitude/rude behavior, our whole dinner and mood was spoiled. So if you visit this place, make sure to go with appropriate waiter.
Great food good service Order South Indian thali with regular masala dosa They charged extra $4 but worth it
Another one for the books!I'd made reservations for our party of 2 because I wasn't sure how packed the restaurant would be, but the host who seated me didn't seem to care at all about the fact that I had made a reservation. Oh well, as long as I was seated right away.The restaurant is a little dim for my liking, although certain tables are definitely a little brighter than others. Decor is minimal but homey feeling. I wouldn't mind bringing friends here for a good meal, but I probably wouldn't bring anyone I'm trying hard to impress. Their menu is completely vegetarian, so if you are looking for the usual chicken tikka masala, you're going to be disappointed! I ordered the Tiffin Wallah Thalli, and for $17, it was a great way to try a variety of things on the menu (paneer, chana masala, etc.). I enjoyed the combination of everything that came with the set, and highly recommend this particular set if you want more variety to your meal!The only thing that prevents me from giving Chennai Garden a full 5 stars is the service, but with food this fantastic, I'll definitely be back...this time to try those monsterous dosas that everyone else was ordering!!
The food here was really good! The service was enthusiastic and attentive - not something you can count on at an Indian restaurant. We had the thali with the South Indian vegetables as well as the kadhai paneer. The flavors were great, quantities were great, and we enjoyed our meal. Not that you can expect much ambiance at an Indian restaurant, their bulbs were out and they were trying to fix it while we were dining. The noise level is so high that we just chose to have a quiet dinner with no conversation. I'm really excited to return and try more menu items - but may choose take-out this time.
Its a pure vegetarian restaurant. Hard luck, non-veg lovers but this is a Pretty good restaurant in terms of taste, menu options and ambience. They take reservations and walk ins. We ordered Vada, Saramosa chaat, Roti, Paraatta, Malai Kofta & Navrathan korma. Everything was good, service was good. You get rice on the side for all the gravy curries. Its not too costly either. Try it out.
Vanakkam ! If you are looking forward to have a nice filter coffee with crisp dosas and chole bhature. This is the place to be. We ended up at this place thinking of having a mix of vegetarian and non-vegetarian food.  My husband got disappointed initially, when he checked the menu and realized that it is a vegetarian restaurant. We ordered gunpowder Rava dosa and Chole Bhature. The food was fresh and yummy. The coffee was a perfect addition to complement the dosa. The whole food and service experience turned out to be great and the anticipation for non-vegetarian food was also duly satisfied by good vegetarian options. :)This place has South Indian cafe kind of feel which I liked. I am definitely going back again to explore more options on the menu.A good find at curry hill!
Horrible service, extremely slow and very rude staff! The food portions are small & the staff will make it unbearable to dine in. Deliveries are extremely slow and never reach you on time, I ordered And didn't receive for more than an hour
Had South Indian thali. Was very homely and delicious. Dosa and uttappam were crispy. Also had the Chana chaat - needed a bit of crisp, so asked for some papdi which the waiter obliged!Filter coffee and masala chai were great too!Gonna try the Gujarati thali next.
Tiffin Wallah has good dosas and thalis, but their buffet lunch is the thing that kicks serious ass.  The food and condiments are very fresh and highly addictive. The vegetarian lentil selections, the spinach, the cauliflower, and the chapati, papadum, biryani etc. are very tasty but also deceptive in that the food is heavy. We are talking, no room for dinner 6 hours later, and "retaining water for about 12-18 hours after" heavy. I don't know exactly how they cook it, but really, my rings get tighter for up to a day after.  Although maybe it's not the salt, but the way I stuff my face there.... Yep, if it disappeared, I would miss it.
The food here is very fresh and you can taste the difference.  There isn't overbearing grease or oil which is always a plus when it comes to Indian food.  I went here when they first opened up and fell in love with the extra friendly waiters (helpful, knowledgeable, and happy).   The food is super cheap too and it's super yummy...what more can you ask for?
Tiffin Wallah was an excellent veg restaurant. But make sure you realize, it's only vegetarian! While we ate our meal, two men came in, then left right away, realizing it was only veg. Why the hate? I'm sorry, but veg Indian food rocks.Anyway...we started with what I called the "Basket of Fried Indian Goodness." A samosa (yum), a cutlet (excellent), then pakoras of eggplant, spinach, onion, etc. The pakoras were okay.We split two dishes, Mattar Paneer and Chaana. They were both excellent and I wish that we were able to take the leftovers with us. As someone who's eaten a lot of Indian food, I'd definitely recommend Tiffin.
Vegetarian restaurant with a wide-ranging menu of regional South Asian cuisne. Maybe the best Samosas and green chutney in the city. So pungent and buttery. That's reason enough to give this place four stars. The service was a little slow and aloof; Being unfamiliar with Gujarati food, I had some questions about that section of their menu, and it seemed like our server wasn't necessarily interested in answering them. This would be a deal-breaker a lot of the time, but I still recommend you try this place. Their menu is extensive, the food is very reasonably priced, and everything we ordered was great.
I wouldn't call this place best Indian restaurant in the city. But it definitely has the best deal on Indian food. At under $10 lunch buffet, it's a really good deal for lunch in the neighborhood. Don't get me wrong, the food here is good and tasty. And it a vegetarian place for those of you with friends with complicated eating habits. I'm excited to go back again to see if there are any varieties offered in the buffet selection.
Check out the Lunch Buffet! Food is always good and affordable and it is a cute little place.
I walked through the freezing cold just to have a taste of Tiffin Wallah, and it was well worth it! The atmosphere is great, service was good, and the food was excellent! Not to mention the prices are amazingly cheap. The only disappointment I came across was the fact that they only serve gobi manchuri on the weekends! Instead we had the batata vada along with samosa chaat for appetizers and a masala dosa for dinner. What I loved most about this place was that the food was not drenched in oil like many south indian places I've been to. The flavors came together perfectly, tiffin wallah is definitely a place worth trying. I should mention that it is 100% vegetarian, which I love..but I'm positive that even meat lovers will be impressed with this place :)
everything here is veggie. but the buffet items are somewhat limited.  i'm used to going to indian buffets with much more options so you can try a  little bit of everything, maybe it's due to the place being small? they do seem to mix up what's available every day of the week at least. food is decent, but not very spicy, kinda milded down for white people. prices are great, my favourites are their veggie samosas & batata vada.many other options to explore in the same area, don't be afraid of the holes-in-the-wall.
Must go! It is some of the best food I have had in MY life! Bring meat eaters, the food is so well made that meat is not needed. I chalenge you to try anytinhg on the menu, you will love it!
I know most people on here are going to write about the South Indian food, which they absolutely should do. It really is excellent.HOWEVER, the hidden gem on the menu here is the Malai Kofta. Anyone with Indian heritage will know what I'm talking about, but if you are non-Indian/Indian-American, like me, I beg you to come here and try it.This is some of the BEST Malai Kofta I have ever had. While some people choose pizza or pasta with alfredo sauce as their guilty guilty pleasure, Malai Kofta is mine. I kid you not.Malai Kofta is essentially veggie balls (think balls of stuffing or a veggie meatloaf) covered in a decadent creamy based sauce. I am a crack fiend when it comes to this stuff, and I order it at every Indian restaurant I go to. And believe me, you would be shocked at how many different Indian restaurants I have been too.... this place is the 2nd or 3rd best I have ever had, which means it is AMAZING!Forget all the current foodie trends like Artichoke Pizza, dumplings, ramen, etc (all things I love by the way), and instead try Malai Kofta. It will blow your mind!:)
Best Indian food I've ever had!! This is an easy place for a vegetarian and vegan!!
I am a foodie and my love for Indian food (as an Indian) is tough to match.  I eat at this restaurant at least once a week.  Really innovative mix of ingredients, and yet extremely authentic.
The lunch special was delicious and the price was right-my biggest advice would be this is NOT a place for groups over 3 especially during lunch (not sure about dinner) will be back to sample more and actually keep track of what dishes I had so I can report on that.
This food was very excellent and is definitely standout South Indian food for NYC.  I liked almost all the dishes I tried--the Utthappam was the only kind of weak spot in the lunch buffet.  For $7 at lunch and not that far from my office this absolutely cannot be beat.  The saag paneer is wonderful and is my favorite dish anywhere I go, but it is excellent here. I would love for this buffet to have one or maybe two more dishes, and for the restaurant to be maybe 5-10 degrees cooler, but this is a great once every two weeks type of place.
I walk 12 blocks just for their $6 lunch buffet. Although you won't see the usual Lamb Vindaloo or Chicka Tikka Masala, it doesn't matter, all the vegetarian entrees are fantastic.There's usually some sort of chickpea dish, lentil something, two kinds of rice options, dosas, potato something, an amazing raita, lots of condiments and some sort of dessert pudding. It gets crazy busy during the work-week lunch hour but they are really efficient in getting everyone seated quickly. I've only been for the lunch buffet, so I'm not sure about regular menu items but I'm sure it's just as delicious. Tiffin Wallah is good for groups, good solo--it's just good anytime.
I freakin' love this place. I wouldn't normally stumble upon this, but I was meeting a few friends for dinner - one who keeps kosher, and one who is vegetarian = Tiffin Wallah! I've gone back many times - meat-eaters also leave very satisfied. The service is fast, the place is quaint, and the food is delicious. I've had the paper masala, paneer masala, and the Jaipur(sp?)... I'm not a sauce kind of person, but I happily put that aside here lol. Portions/price is great too. I always leave stuffed, and so does the boy. (But not that disgusting vomit kind of stuffed.) The owner is often there managing the house, which makes for a nice homey feeling. Idk...I like the small details. :)
Vegetarians craving Indian food, rejoice. This is the place you've been looking for. Awesome ambiance. Very friendly staff. Great prices. Check out the buffet options too.
Best Indian Food in New york City.hands down. you will eat tons of amazing food and laugh at the bill. if you like indian food and you live in new york city and you dont go here, you are totally missing out.
I have lived in Murray Hill for almost 2 years and this is by far the best Indian food I've had here.  Just delicious.  I recommend the baigan bartha, the korma, and the gunpowder dosa.  If you are not familiar with the cuisine, the staff will explain and recommend items for you.Don't forget it's BYOB and super casual.  Just get there immediately if you have not.
Indian Buffet Quest #3Decor and Ambiance:  Very nice and a little chic.Service: Very good!  We're always seated right away and our water glasses filled.  The owner, who is always working the cashier is incredibly friendly and warm.  He's always happy to talk about their food and recipes.  He's awesome.The food is graded on a couple of items:Utthappam: a little thin and kinda greasy.  Not my favorite.Naan:  Very good, fresh, and lots of big airy bubbles in them.Condiments:  Excellent!  They always have a terrific spread of condiments and they are always tasty.Main Dishes:  Delish!  Palak Paneer is very good.  Gobi Manchurian is always outstanding, Baigan Bartha is also one of my favorites.  Always consistently good food.Desserts - Always lovely!  They always have something different and good.Price:  $7.50 - excellent!
Me and my wife used to live in the neighborhood and we want to this place so many times before and it was never enough.The stuff is nice and helpful the decor is simple, clean and fun. And my favorite part is THE FOOD, it didn't matter if you are coming for the lunch buffet that is super cheap or to dinner you will always taste the real flavor of India and beyond! We left NYC, but this place will always  be one of NYC jam.Keep on the  the good work
i love this place. I always go for the samosa chaat, but this time i got the dosa with masala, paneer and saag...They gave me a thing of soup on the side and I dipped the dosa skin into it then poured some on top of the main part of the dosa.Absolutely delicious.Their all you can eat buffet is only 6.95 for lunch.
I'm not one to frequent vegetarian restaurants given my carnivorous tendencies, but when my vegetarian ex-roommate came to town and was craving indian food, I gave in to his indian food craving and I'm glad I did.  Tiffin Wallah gives a very earthy yet modern feel from the moment you walk in the door with tones of green and brown from the walls to the furniture, with a little green plant as the centerpiece of the table.Because it was a weekend, we were able to order off their weekend special menu.  As appetizers, we ordered the standard samosa (actually not nearly as good as those found elsewhere), pakoras (fresh and good), medu vada (like a spiced savory doughnut, good but not my favorite) and wet gobi manchurian (an indo-chinese dish of batter-fried cauliflower in spicy sauce, hence the "wet").  I love indo-chinese food to begin with, and this was the best gobi manchurian I've ever had.For the entrees, the chole batura was very tasty, with the batura being freshly fried but not overly done to leave it slightly fluffy on the inside.  Their asian fried rice was like nothing we had ever tasted before, using a spice that I still can't put my finger on (not garam masala, which I tend to put in my own indo-chinese fried rice), not greasy and pretty good overall.  The kadi paneer masala was a good balance of savory and sweet.  Lastly, we also had one of their weekend only masala dosas (the specific name slips my mind) which was only ok, too filled with potatoes and lacking the crisp outer crust of the crepe that I expected.Last of all, they make fantastic coffee, it's like chai-spiced but in coffee instead of tea.  It was without a doubt the best coffee I've ever had, and both my old roommate and his girlfriend agreed that their coffee was excellent, better than their chai.  Overall, the food is very good and pretty reasonably priced, we just wound up ordering too much on the menu.
Four and half starzzzzOh dear, I wish I had a bigger stomach to eat more! Had the bajjia (Was hoping for onion bajji but sad there wasn't) and the samosa chaat - oh there is nothing better than a sexy amalgamation of yogurt, tamarind chutney, mint chutney swirling in a bowl on top of fried dough stuffed with potatoes. The bajjia was ok, but nothing to write home about.  Then we proceeded to mains - we had the chaat saag (I think this is what it's called - chickpeas and spinach) and aloo gobi. Both were delish, especially when you pour some mint chutney over everything!  I was completely stuffed after the apps, by the time I ate a tiny bit of the mains, I was in pain.And I had a taj mahal to wash it all down with and I left paying just $20. I can't believe it.  It's also veggie and kosher, it was so good! There is a 6.95 lunch buffet, I may have to trek over for that (thank goodness though, their site says they are opening up a new one on 29th, a bit closer to my hood)I am going to come back for a dosa next time!
Casual, relaxing, scene with flavorful vegetarian food at a good price. The lunch buffet is good and quick and the dinner menu has a wide variety of options. The cauliflower and okra dishes for dinner are especially yummy!
Absolutely in love with this cute little place! I went here for my birthday with a large group of friends. They were so accommodating and so nice. They even split the check 12 different ways with NO complaining, which I feel is rare! The food came out very quickly, and was just delicious. Also, the best part--Since it was my birthday, I didn't have to pay for my meal! Appetizer, entree, and dessert--ALL ON THE HOUSE! Such a great experience!
I came here with a group of friends for a birthday dinner. It was such a fun and pleasant experience. Since we were a big group we got dishes to split and thankfully had an Indian person with us who did all the ordering. It was a nice shortcut I didn't mind. I liked that they have a nice extra sink with a mirror in the main part of the restaurant where you can wash your hands. It lets you enjoy the food with your hands without having to worry about eating with dirty hands. It's something so simple but having it in the main part of the restaurant reminds you to wash your hands each time people go up to it. The food was delicious and I got to try different types of foods which I can't name right now. It haven't had too much authentic Indian food before but this place feels like it does Indian cuisine quite well. I'll be back here in the future.
Delicious vegetarian indian. Their Tiffin Wallah plate is great because you get to try a few different things. Actually, all of their plates are are yummy and let you try out a few different things. They are great to share. Also, great service. We have been going here for awhile and last night we realized it was BYOB. AMAZING! Just a $5 corking fee. Add this to the list of why I love this place.
Extremely tasteful, distinctive, yummy foodI'm an omnivore but feel very satisfied whenever I come here to eat.   I try to hit up the lunch buffet whenever possible but dinner is great too.   I find these guys to be more distrinctive than many Indian restaurants in the flavors they develop, and they're quiet friendly too.
I've been to a lot of veggie Indian places. This one didn't wow me. The lunch buffet was on-par with others price wise, but I found the selection lackluster, and the food itself really wasn't that good-- my friend didn't think so, either. That South Indian flavor just wasn't there, and they had too many breads without enough actual substance. Plus, the staff weren't that helpful... Though considering it's a buffet, I guess I can't expect them to do much. Maybe I've just been spoiled by other places.If you want a really good buffet for the same price, I'd suggest Chennai Garden, which is only a block away.
This is my favorite Indian food in the city.  I am a self-declared meat-tarian and I never miss a chance to eat at this vegetarian South Indian restaurant.  The gobi manchurian is my favorite dish.  I've also had the buffet here but didn't find it as good as the regular dinner.  If the buffet didn't do it for you, give Tiffin Wallah another chance.  If anyone in your life is gluten-free and you're tired of Thai food, take them here, everyone will be satisfied.
By far the best vegetarian Indian restaurant in the area. If you do the lunch buffet make sure you get there early or be prepared for some lukewarm food. Other than that no complaints. Food is very tasty and reasonably priced. I'd recommend the lunch buffet, dosas or the dinner thalis.
Thank you Yelpers once again for letting me in on another wonderful place.  I went to Tiffin Wallah last night after reading the reviews here while looking for a new vegetarian place to check out. I'm honestly not that familiar overall with Indian food but everything was delicious and it is nice to have vegetarian food with a lot of flavor.  I don't remember the names of half the stuff we ordered besides the Biryani which I had as my entree and it was a delicious hearty rice with some yogurt/spice sauce on the side.  As a bonus everything was pretty cheap too and came in healthy portions too.  Check it out.Oh, its also BYOB, though they have their own wine selection, but we saw a few couples coming in with bottles of wine in hand.
So, With a hankering for Indian but having already had Haandi earlier in the week, I thought going vegetarian Indian would qualify as a "healthy" Friday lunch (Hey, it's called the Nile and it's a river in Egypt) .  As I walked in, a couple of the waiters waived me to the back.  I guess I must have had my "I'm hungry and I have to get back to the office" look b/c without any words from me, one waiter gestured/shouted to another and in two split seconds, I had a plastic bag with several food containers and aluminum foil as well as plastic ware.  I was impressed.  They obviously have this system down pat.  At first disoriented as to where the line began, I bypassed the line and started scooping food into my food container strategically putting two vegetables (non-saucy) in one of the compartment of the main container and putting the vegetable curry in another compartment.  At this point, I realized my faux pas of having jumped in line and went back in line.  I threw a chapatha and two uttapams into the foil and wrapped it up.  I had left the largest compartment for the two types of rice.  And while there was another container for salad (though I guess I could have fit rice in it), I knew there was already so much food, I wouldn't touch any salad.  I did load the smaller container with the fruit salad for dessert though.  Maybe, if you eat in, it's $6 for the buffet but for take out lunch buffet, it's a $7.50.  But as there was enough food for me to have both lunch and dinner, it was still a bargain.Now, for review of the food itself..  - Gobi masala - vegetable curry with lots of cauliflower, plenty of cream and spices that were so right on that I could eat it all day long- spinach (or maybe green leaf vegetable) with paneer and onions - so, so good and so simple- mixed bean stew -  who needs meat when you've got beans?- pulav - delicious and worth every extra calorie over the basmati- basmati - cooked perfectly and I couldn't ask for more.- chapathi - slightly too dry for me (I've never been a fan though)- veggie uttapam - the indian cousin to Chinese rice cakes - can't go wrong here.I'm thinking about converting to Tiffin Wallahism.  Seriously.
Was sadly disappointed in this restaurant.  Went wanting to love it, after hearing some good reviews, but it was really not good.  First time I've ever experienced eating Indian food that wasn't "tasty".  Waiters were lovely and tried to be accommodating.Spinach had too many "bay leaves", which are supposed to be removed after the cooking.  That was annoying.Had the eggplant which totally lacked flaver.  :o(
sorry guys but i stepped into this joint today and did not stay for the lunch buffet. grade still pending status weirded me out. if a place cant still get their shit together to get a grade than i am worried. their lunch buffet spread was poor compared to copper chimney which I ended up going to. even though the kitchen staff were about to throw down with each other in the back they still made a good god damn buffet. Back to TW.  It looks dirty as soon as you walk in. The food line for the buffet was tiny compared to CC . The service for the food looked poor too.
I have come back here again and again for delicious Indian food. I love the Chana Masala and the Navratan Korma, both are amazing! The restaurant is clean and cute with little flowers at every table. I have seen many first dates here and I think the atmosphere is perfect. Dishes aren't too expensive and you get a lot of food. Also, great mango lassis! I live in the area and don't go anywhere else!
I just ate at Tiffin Wallah for a holistic counseling meeting. I was wary of having any of the food but for me, having an Indian meal at an Indian restaurant (as opposed to home cooked Indian which I have daily for lunch) is a curious treat. I end up disappointed by the food items usually because they tend to be too dry, too uninteresting and uninspired. But today was different. Today, I had the Gobi Masala - a gravy laden cauliflower dish with ginger, spices and green chilis. I ordered it Jain - which is without onions and garlic. Accompanied it with Chappati which is whole wheat flat bread made in oil instead of ghee, so it's vegan. The waiters told us that if we want no oil either, we should go for the Phulkaa, but my holistic counselor and I were bent on the Chappati. It was incredible. The flavor was perfect and they had paid heed to my 'extra spicy' request. Wonderful meal in a slightly noisy but bearable lunch crowd environment.
$7.95 for an ok lunch buffet; waiters were kinda sassy, telling us to get the buffet instead of having to fire up the pans for a dish off the menu. We did get the buffet but also ordered the dish, which never came. Uhh....maybe off day? But prob won't be back to find out.
Went here last night with a colleague after we checked out Minar on 31st street but decided not to eat there. We looked up this place on Yelp and were attracted first and foremost by the free Mango lassi. As someone raised on North Indian meat and potatoes I was disappointed by the vegetarian only fare. Guess I should have read the offerings more closely. I ordered the Gujrati thali and didn't really like it too much. It's not that I dislike vegetarian food, its just that I've concluded that South Indian meals are just not for me. If you need meat and North Indian/Pakistani food, this is not the place for you.
Went here with a group of friends, and ordered all three thali they had on the menu. We thought this would be a great, and easy way to sample a lot of what the menu had to offer.  Unfortunately, ordering all three thali may have been a bit much, considering that we had a lot of things to choose from, and as a result, found a lot more things that we did not enjoy.  We all agreed that we enjoyed the South Indian thali, which is what we would normally order if we were at any south indian restaurant on our own.  If I went to Tiffin Wallah, and strictly ordered a dosa, I would rate this place a 5 star, but because I had so many other things that I didn't enjoy, I give this place a 3 star.
I love this place. The food has always been great. I've been here three times and will def b back again. I wish they had more variety of drinks, but that doesn't change nothing.
HAHAHA!! I used to work nearby and always had the $7.50 lunch buffet each day.I used to finish off 3 plates before going back to work. Of course, the owner kinda gave me the look each time I went back for more xDOne side of me feel sorry for eating the crap out of their buffet. Because the taste and quality of food was definitely worth twice or thrice of what I paid. (Not to mention 3 plates of it LOL)Mind you, it's all vegetarian. And it just may give you the runs the next day if your stomach isn't used to all that foreign spice.But sooooo worth it!!!P.S. Their regular menu price hikes upto something like $12 per appetizer. So make sure you catch the lunch deal from 12pm-3pm!---P.P.S. Without the lunch buffet the Restaurant would score 4 out of 5.But I'm giving it 5 out of 5. I'm considering it karma for abusing their food and services for all those months (I only worked around the area for 3 months anyway ;P)
I agree with the negative review down thread, as far as the lunch buffet goes, pay a couple of dollars more and go elsewhere. The quality of food was simply poor. The only desert for this Indian restaurant was cream of wheat (?!). The floor in front of the buffet station was sticky.
I've never been to the restaurant but I order take-out on a regular basis. I go for the the ghee masala dosa every time and it never disappoints.  The filling is well-seasoned, spicy but not overwhelmingly so, the dosa is light, thin and crispy at the edges and I live for the coconut chutney (I think that's what it's called) that comes with it - creamy coconutty goodness that pairs perfectly with dosa.  The bread to potato ratio is perfect and the serving size is more than adequate.  If you're in a carb-loading kind of mood go for dosa!
On the outside, it looks pretty dingy, but the inside feels more homey. Came for dinner. There's always a crowd here; the food is solid. If I have a whet appetite and an extra $10 swimming in my pocket, and happen to be in the neighborhood, I have to drop in for their lunch buffet.
Went with friends and got the combos. I have no idea what I ate but, it was delicious!
Just had an amazing lunch at Tiffin Wallah. The food is delicious and the staff is friendly. Strongly recommend to try the all you can eat Lunch buffet. Which is a great deal for only $7.95. Fresh, delicious and authentic.
Delicious food.  But the service sucked.  Was so difficult getting our waiters attention for drinks / appetizers / check.  But the food is amazing. Not sure if they do take out, but if I lived in the area, I would only do take out.
For a girl who loves her meats, Tiffin Wallah is one of those great places that leaves my stomach and taste buds satisfied sans meat. Congrats, guys. I think the trick is the super awesome lunch buffet that has a great price (about $7). There's lots of stuff to try, you'll need to go back for seconds.  A great group place for lunch too. Highly recommend.
I had no idea this was veggie only when I went- a friend picked it out- and while I was a little confused as I searched the menu for meat- it really didn't matter.  It was all delicious, and oh man the size of the dosa is worth it.  I've never seen such a large form of bread.  My warning- you're going to get a lot of bread, probably, go easy on it- it fills you up fast and you may leave needing at least 2 days to digest like I did. Don't be afraid to ask the waiters for help- they may seem timid, but they actually proved to be very helpful for us and we were so satisfied!
This is not your usual Indian restaurant; it has selections I have not in my admitted limited experience of Indian food, seen elsewhere.     My recommendation is to go with one of the combination plates.  That is good for getting a sense of some new foods, though the diversity of things that I saw others eating (interesting breads in particular) indicates that there is good reason to come back again.   The combo plates are enough food for two.   One thing that bugged me was the condition of the bathroom.   It's clean I guess, but the decor while creative was old suggested indifference and decay.
I am craving the paneer masala dosa.  I hate crepes because they're too soft, but this crepe is crispy on one side and chewy on the other.  Fab.
I love their lunch buffet which is vegetarian. It was super cheap for a buffet and everything tasted great. I love meat but the vegetarian fare was delicious here. I will be back sometime.
Given my adventurous appetite, I am still a relative novice of Indian cuisine, the excitement of an Indian lunch buffet is that almost everything I am eating is a big surprise and I don't really know what it is, but it tastes so good.  Yelpers generally liked this $6.95 veggie, kosher buffet.  Good choice!  Lots of dishes with lentils, garbanzos, string beans with cabbage.  The tiffins make great holders for the bright red onion relish(yummy) and soup like concoction with carrots.  I think it was nan that held alot of items on my first and second plate.  Another pancake with unkown ingredients also went well with the offerings. The masala tea served in a cup with a spoon holder looked like a potent pot.
Inexpensive but high quality vegetarian Indian food.  The ambiance is casual, but also pleasant and relaxing.  Although the restaurant gets very busy, it's set up so that it's not cramped.The food is very good.  I've enjoyed both the dinner as well as the Lunch buffet.I recommend the "Assorted Tiffin for Two" which is a sampler of appetizers and the dosas, a south Indian style savory crepe.  The Rava masala dosa is my favorite.
If I didnt know better, judging from the decor, I would have thought this to be a brunch restaurant. The atmosphere is both contemporary and cozy at the same time. The tables are clean and the staff are really friendly, no grumpy faces here!The buffet has a selection of about 3-4 vegetarian dishes, roti, salad, various sauces like chutney and yogurt. They were all delicous and not drenched in oil like other places ive been too. Id rate each dish but dont know their names. You have to walk up to the register to pay after you're done eating.  The buffet lunch is a great deal for 6.95, ill certainly be back.
So I've been here a number of times, and while it's still good, it is a tad inconsistent. Sometimes the dishes aren't as good as they should be, and there's generally a long wait. So I'm docking a star. Sad but true.
The food is very good, service can be spotty. Lots of options, the Thali plates provide a little bit of everything. We have gone 4-5 times and have had weird experiences ranging from the host interrogating us from behind a curtain in the entrance and being asked to leave after paying our bill. Also service can be a bit slow and our friend had a hair in her food one time and there was no apology or comp (we think they just pulled the hair out)Obviously, the food is pretty good since we keep going back.
Had a great meal here!  I'd read that South Indian food was really their specialty (and it was evident from the menu) and my dad had never tried South Indian before, so we opted to stick to that portion of the menu.  We had a good sampling of all the typical south indian foods and then some, and we were very satisfied with everything we ate!  We started with Chana Chaat, a delicious cold chick pea appetizer with a tamarind/yoghurt sauce.  This was not as good as I've had it at my favorite place in Cambridge but still enjoyable nonetheless.  A great dish for summer!  We also had the Idli Vada - Idli being the soft pillows of steamed rice and lentil, Vada being a savory "donut" made from lentil flour and spices.  Both were very good, and served with some of the most enjoyable sambar and coconut chutney I've had.  For the main course we split the Mysore Rava Masala Dosa, which was very tasty, and one of the Gujarati curries which I can't remember the name of (it was the one with eggplant).  Both were very good. My only complaint is that the dosa was very large and didn't seem to have as much filling as my favorite place back in Cambridge, but I've had that problem with other places in New York.  We capped it all off with mango lassi's and khulfi.  Absolutely stuffed, but it was so worth it. Also, they apparently have a deal where if you come on your birthday with three friends, your meal (including appetizer, main course, and dessert) is on the house!  I am totally going to take them up on that offer.
vegan wheat free okra Chan's Masala curry was so good. I love their weekend specials but u can't get them Friday night only Sat and Sun. WAHHHH!
This place is the real thing. This is real authentic Indian vegetarian cooking, but don't get turned off because they don't have meat, you won't miss it. They specialize in dosas which are the thin lentil crepes which are rolled up and stuffed with various different curries. The menu is extensive. with all different types of curries, chutneys as well as spicy additions. Their prices are unbelievably reasonable and they have an excellent buffet for lunch, but don't miss the dosas. Try the Masala dosa for a start. And don't forget to have some of the Chai!!!
They would have gotten 4 stars if I didn't feel so rushed out of there. I'm all about promptness of clearing plates and keeping the restaurant clean, but as we stood up we were surrounded by three busboys and as we put our jackets on they descended upon the table, and before we were finished gathering our things they had pushed us away from the table in order to wipe it off and get rid of any evidence that the table had been used. Mind you, the restaurant was half full. There wasn't even a wait. It was very rude and annoying. Our waitress had no idea about beer or wine and she spoke just above a whisper. We had to remind them twice about two dishes that we ordered.The more I write, the less impressed I am...hmm...The food was delicious, came out quickly, and was rich in flavor. They do have a $6 lunch buffet which might explain the streamline service.
Its my regular go-to place if I want to eat Punjabi(North Indian) food in Curry hill. I dont even think twice. They have some pretty wide range of curries and you are sure to find something for you.
Generous portions and great variety of vegetarian Indian food. Lots of sides and spices to accompany main dishes. Personal favorite was the fantastic paneer dosa.
After experiencing a not-so-amazing first time trying a South Indian restaurant, I have to say I'm very glad I decided to give it another try. This was a much better experience. The prices were very reasonable and the food was very flavorful. I suggest getting the South India dinner dish to share for two. It has everything you could possibly want: idli, medu vada, masala dosa, and uttapa. Only thing was that service was a bit slow since there was only two waiters during a busy Friday night. Nevertheless, I would definitely go again.
Stopped by recently for a sunday dosa fix.  We hadnt been in a year or so and despite the B on the door, we were unfazed.  We ordered our usual rava masala dosa and a paper dosa.  Both were quite tasty, but the rava dosa was a bit too heavy on the oil.  Otherwise, service and price were as expected and we will definitely keep it in the rotation.
Oh how long it has been since I spent under 30 (pre tax and tip) for a 2 person dinner in NYC! The prices here were , and the serving size LARGE. I hadn't realized ahead of time that it was vegetarian, but there was loads for an omnivore like me to eat. I was sad to realize south Indian food doesn't offer naan, but Tiffin Wallah's bread selection was wonderful. We each had an entree and split one order of the wheat bread (sorry I don't remember the name). Our service was PROMPT and we were done dining in under an hour and a half.
My one tiny tiny complaint is that the food is not as spicy as I like Indian food.  BUT this complaint is so small, I couldn't justify giving them 4 stars instead of 5.  The waitstaff is friendly, informative, and speedy.  The food is... amazing.  It's doughy,savory,authentic (so I'm told),flavorful (best samosas I've had in New York),filling (I always take food home),inexpensive (never spent more that $13, with tax and tip)free if it's your birthday and you bring 3 friends!!I actually did that-- I brought 4 friends on my birthday because it fell on (bummer) a Wednesday, and my appetizer, meal and dessert were all free!  You have to make reservations and show your ID, but it's a great situation, especially if you get uncomfortable when people pay for you.
Love the 8 dollarbuffet. have been to India, and this is the only one that is just like I ate in there. not shy on spices, and definetely the best marsala chai in town.
Good times with good friends at tiffinwallah..Their rava dosas, idli's, sambhar, chutney, etc waere fantastic.  It's not too pricey...it was good veggie food, right up my alley!
I love this place. The dosas are excellent. Light, crispy and full of flavor. The lunch buffet is tasty too but my favorite is coming here on the weekends after yoga class for a delicous dosa. My one complaint about the place is that its drafty and if you don't eat fast, your dosas get cold and slightly soggy.
I went here with a bunch of friends to nurse a craving for chaat and other snack dishes... Unforunately this restaurant is very confused... nothing tastes authentic, especially not the north indian stuff.The samosa chaat - the sauces were tasty but the crust of the samosa was WAY too thick.The chole bhature - even though this is inherently an oily dish, the bhaturas were too oily. The chick peas (chole) was very very badly executed - a north indian dish with curry leaves and red chilies? I think not.Pondicherry masala dosa - this was just straight up badBhel Puri was actually niceThis is more of a miss than a hit.
Loved it! My quest for a good vegetarian Indian place brought me here. I was a regular at Saravanas but wanted to try something else. The rava masala dosa was good. Besides south indian, they also had gujrati food. It was also very reasonably priced.
Good standard vegetarian Indian food. Nothing impressive though. The waiters seem angry for some reason.
So I don't have the luxury of partaking in Tiffin Wallah's well priced lunch special, but I still find it fantastic.Everything is beautifully prepared and equally tasty - especially the rava dosa with gunpowder. The chas (like a spicy/salty lassi) although unusual, is quite warming to soul.  Can't wait to go back.
my office orders delivery from here on a regular basis. i have tried multiple things on the menu and have found some great dishes, my fav prolly being the samosa chaat. the only issue i have with them is that the delivery is kinda confusing when you have 20 guys who don't know what their food looks like.
Absolutely the best Indian food I've had in a while. The samosa chat is the best I've ever had. The dosas are solid. The palak paneer is bomb. Highly Recommend this restaurant.
Okay, I'm not gonna lie, I am a complete noob when it comes to Indian food. Even though I had three Indian roommates in college, I've only had Indian food a handful of times. Lame, especially since I am generally a fan of the spices and flavors that characterize Indian cuisine. So when I came here a couple of weeks ago for the lunch buffet, I was excited to try everything out. While the selection isn't huge, the quality of the food was pretty good. My favorite was the Chana Saag (surprised that I know the name? It's 'cause I resorted to looking at the online menu - I had no idea what any of the dishes were called as I ate them) - chickpeas and spinach in a cream-based sauce. It kinda reminded me of spinach and artichoke dip, just with more substance. The potatoes and dosa were solid, and I also enjoyed the Gulab Jamun, which are fried milkballs soaked in a sweet syrup and dusted with some shredded coconut. Fried dough is always a good thing, and these were no exception, though they were very sweet. And in a show of my total ignorance regarding Indian food, I was eating the Achar (spicy Indian pickles) straight up, not knowing that they were, well, pickles. Oops. The manager got a good laugh out of it.The downside to the lunch buffet? The meal is pretty heavy and totally carb-centric, so I felt pretty bloated and gross afterwards. But was it worth it? I think so, especially for under $10, though next time I'll pass on inhaling a plate full of the spicy pickles.
Tiffin Wallah is fantastic! There are tons of indian places in this area but Tiffin Wallah is one of my favorites. They do vegetarian indian and the flavors are always fantastic. I love that they serve both North & South indian food with equal yum-factor. I have even had a large dinner reservation with them before and they were accommodating and kind and didn't rush us at all. The staff is nice, the food is really good and very reasonably priced and consistent and it doesn't feel as heavy and greasy as some curry hill spots. Lunch buffet is killer as well. Highly recommended.
Very flavorful buffet with lots of variety! The soft fluffy bread was my favorite along with the tamarind chutney. The various stews and curries were hearty and savory and I didn't even miss the meat. I enjoyed the sweet noodle dessert as well and was overall very pleased at such a nice buffet at a good price. Highly recommended if you want some good fast Indian food on a budget.
one of my favorite indian places in the city.  The lunch buffet is a really good deal and the quality is always top notch.  The bread options are always tasty, and the dishes are often quite inventive.  The owner is super nice as are the staff.  Great lunch spot.
Guess there a place for everyone (and count me out)Way Too Salty - Crazy Energy BFF text:  Wanna meet lunch tiffin wallah  veg buffet $6? 28th and Lex Me: You pAying?  I'm there!  This is very unlike him as he's extremely busy.... so I jumped to the invite.    Although, in my head I'm thinking of Baoguette but hey that would be rude.Once we arrived it was pure chaos.  For some reason everyone from the patrons to the waiters where in a frenzy "In a Hurry to talk, eat and leave"Not pleasant at all.  Food was terrible. (which now $6.95) Each of the Vegetable dishes Did Not shine here... Lentils, peas, tomatoes,  and even rice was a miss.Coconut chutney -watered down, Mango chutney -salty so forget it, scallion rounds -greasy, dosa -heavy and milky dessert -grossly sweet.Even the breathe candies that dispensed from a bird feeder was stale.Next time Just go with your 1st thought :  Baoguette would have been the Winner for sure!Crossing off TW  -once for dinner and now lunch.
This place is the mega jam. My wife and I had the Biryani, Sukhi Bhaji, Mysore Masala, and Pakora.I was a little hesitant to order the Biryani because it sticks out a bit on the primarily Southern Indian menu, but it was very good and a lot different than others I've had in the past. Very spiceful without being too hot and much less focused on the taste of raisins. The Sukhi Bhaji was wonderful, great spiciness and the potatoes cooked to a happy medium between dry and slightly mushy. Of course, the Mysore Masala was massive and practically a meal in and of itself. The only thing that left me wanting were the Pakoras which I felt hadn't cooked quite long enough.Obviously Tiffin Wallah is a great place if you're a vegetarian, but it's also a great vegan spot. Every dish on the menu is clearly marked as having dairy or being spicy and somewhere around 1/2 - 2/3 of the items are vegan. The quality of the ingredients seems much higher than at many other Indian restaurants. This is especially impressive because almost everything on the menu is less than $10 (our meal plus a big bottle of Taj Mahal was only $40 before tip!) I am still stuffed 14 hours after eating there and I am impatiently waiting for the little hand on the clock to point to 12 again so I can dig into the leftovers for lunch!
OK, first off, there's none of the chazarai here that you have in 6th Street Indian restaurants -- the Christmas tree lights and such. Instead there's clean, modern decor and serving pieces. The chai tea that I ordered was presented in a cup that cleverly incorporated a holder for the sugar spoon in its handle. The serving mats were made out of some kind of industrial-chic material.The menu had some different options that my ignoramus eyes and tongue hadn't experienced before. Like a mixed vegetable uttapam. Sort of a pizza-sized pancake with delicious, fresh tomatoes and other fresh vegetables baked in. The menu has a lot of items beyond the usual curries. It's vegetarian, but interesting enough to keep carnivores occupied.There are a lot of really loyal fans of this restaurant. When I got there it was empty, but within 15 minutes it was almost full of happy little groups of all sorts of people, Indian, non-Indian, students, local neighborhood people...Two tourists came in, all excited, maps sticking out of their pockets, and told the host how much they'd heard about it and how excited they were to be there.I have a friend who lives nearby -- I'm going to drag him here soon.
Tiffin Wallah was fantastic. I loved their menu, loved their prices (for $20 me and my friend ate lunch and were pretty darn full), and loved the food. I'm Indian - obviously, and as such - I am a pretty harsh critic of Indian food. However, when we decided on Indian buffet, we ended up here looking for a buffet that was no where to be found (it's only available during the week - though it seems really cheap, and all the reviews are positive).  As such, we sat down and split a masala dosa and channa batura.  The dosa was great - it was perfectly spiced, the masala was excellent, and the sambar and chutney were delicious. The yogurt we also asked for definitely tasted like a little old lady was back there making it.  The channa battura was delicious - though the battura could have been a bit thicker / fluffier.  I hear it's a vegi only place - which is good for all vegi's alike. The prices are reasonable, the food and service are great - and it seemed like it was pretty packed (meaning popular?). In a stretch of Indian food in Curry Hill - this is a great choice.
This place is awesome! The service is impeccable, the people are soo nice. Ashok is a really nice person and the owner is as well. I come in regularly for dinner to-go, as i don't live in the city. The food is healthy, fresh and very heavy. I'm really not sure how people could dislike this place.The only slight "con" is that the food makes you feel like a billion pounds.
This has got to be the best vegetarian restaurant in New York City. Great value, legit Indian food, and wonderful service. I love them!
When a colleague suggested this vegetarian place, I hesitated. I am not a big meat eater but not having meat at all is a bit to the extreme. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The curries were wonderful and there were a variety of chutney. I really like this place and will go back again for dinner sometime!
$7.50 for a perfectly-spiced, fresh-tasting, all-you-can buffet that has different entrees each day and two types of rice and dosa?  I'll be coming back.A budget tip: you'll get burned on ordering drinks ($2 for a can of soda) so consider bringing your own.
I went to this restaurant for my birthday, with a large group of friends. Never having been there before, I initially chose this place because it was located close to the spa we had gone to that day. But it exceeded my expectations. The food was really good, and the menu had a ton of variety. But besides that, the place had really good energy, very Spiritual, which is very important to me, eve more so than the food sometimes (though of course the food has to be great!) Overall we had a really great experience there.
Yeah, the food is good. Yeah, the place is cramped like my style after you tell me to sleep on the couch. Yeah, it's not expensive. One thing, though. That menu is way too fucking long. Meant in both ways.Two things, though. Waiters moving through a restaurant via one path should not create a wind current.I'd say this is a glorified takeout with above-tatters ingredients. Superb breads, damn good tomato soups. The saag wasn't amazing. Too sweet. My smile saaged.
They appear to have fixed some of the weirdisms (public sink, random table) and continue to have super solid, reliable, great, etc food.  I always order random things, and I'm always happy.
Their cheap and delicious lunch buffet can't be beat! A great variety of vegetarian options with a nice ambiance for what you're paying (although it can get crowded, the place is clean and classier than many buffet-type places). The food is fresh (they refill the food quite often, keeping it all hot), albeit a little heavy - make sure you're not going back to the office unless you'll be taking a nap there. Its not place I would return to too often because I will stuff myself silly every time. Great deal, good food, highly recommended in the area.
I really like this place for it's clean, modern decor, hands-off service, and quick, brillant buffet-style lunch that lets you in and out of there faster than you can say McDonalds!Both times I have been, I have had  the crazy-good all-you-can-eat vegetarian lunch buffet for $7.95, and both times the food has been very, very good. The selection changes, so it's never boring, and the all-you can-eat thing is great, becasue if, like me, you love Indian food, but aren't well versed in the names of dishes, you can try a little taste of everything and then go back and get more of what you really like. It's a great way to try new things without making a $10 commitment.I love the selection of sauces and condiments, and there are always 2 kinds of bread, and this time, there were plain rice and a delicious spiced rice and something sweet to end the meal (I have no idea what it was, but it was nice and light).Now that I remember that it is close to where I work, it will be in my regular rotation of lunches out.
My one visit left me starkly unimpressed.  The decor was pleasant and the service was attentive, but the food failed to wow me and didn't live up to the reviews.Thinking about it now, I am probably more of a "Curry Row" person than a "Curry Hill" type.  In other words, I am more of a fan of North Indian rather than Southern cuisine, but I need more experiences with Southern dishes to be honest and fair.
They have good dosas, which are fun because they're huge (not volume-wise but area-wise). My friend and I each got one and they were both good and reasonably priced ($9 before tax and tip).The service was friendly, though it can also be loud (we were there on a Friday night).
Learning from my incident at Saravana Bhavan, I decided to check with one of my Indian colleagues what to order at Tiffin Wallah and was given the thumbs up for the behl poori and the paper dosai. I have never had paper dosai and was definitely up for it. Except, I wasn't exactly hungry that night and since neither item could keep (aka take-out or doggie bag options eliminated), I thought I'd have to choose only one but not the other. Of course, for those who know me well, I hate to give up on something... so I just went ahead with the order of both.The behl poori was deeelicious. It reminded me of a spicy salsa mix, There are tomatoes, onion, puffed rice and spices all mixed in a bowl... perhaps avocado(?) even as there was something creamy about it that made it seem like it was a bowl of delicious guac (almost!) Then came the paper dosai (which I must admit was reaonably priced at $7). The thing was HUGE, and I was waiting to see if it would hit the wall adjacent to the table when the waiter set it down. He was pretty nimble I must say for it fit just nicely on the tabletop. At this point, I'll have to admit that I'm not a paper dosai fan. Don't get me wrong, the paper dosai was good, except I much prefer the doughy types of dosai and got sick of the paper dosai after a bit (too much to be had for one). The atmosphere here was better than Saravana Bhavan. At SB, I feel like I was having a meal at a soup kitchen, with water and food served in metal cups and plates. Also I thought that $10 for a dosai at SB was rather steep. Here at Tiffin, they have pretty nice water glasses and the refills were pretty constant. I'd say that's pretty good service and decor for Curry Hill.
We both had Thali dinners that were just ok. I see that most reviewers really liked this place, and I wish I did too. I'm not sure why I didn't experience the same degree of satisfaction as others, but honestly, I eat Indian all time and this meal was average at best. Maybe I should have ordered a dosa, as the dosa looked great as each one passed by our table. The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated, but it's super loud inside.
I have been to this place just once -- I am an Indian,  and have a lot of Indian friends who rave about this place. I went with a colleague for a weekday lunch buffet. The food is supposedly homely -- but I can tell you, this is not the food that you find in Indian homes. The rotis were uncooked,the dal didnt have salt/spice and the dry okra curry was sticky,the rice was dry. Its less than $10 for the meal, but I'd rather have them charge me more for better quality and better tasting food.I will not be going again!
Tiffin Wallah rocks! As good as it gets.
My fiance and I both agreed that we could give up meat if we ate like this more often. Everything we got at Tiffin Wallah was some of the best Indian food we've ever eaten. The place was packed and I would've appreciated some more attentive service, but that wasn't a huge deal. The pondicherry dosa was fantastic, as was the idli sambar and papdi chat. The salt lassi was also some of the best I've ever had! Prices were reasonable and we will definitely be coming back to this place!
This place has phenomenal dosa, utthapam, idli, and other south indian foods.  Its papri chaat and bhel puri are amazing as well. For those that don't know south indian food, its a bit different than the standard north indian dishes.  Rating this place based on the saag paneer or baingan bhartha is the equivalent to a person ordering vegetarian food at a steakhouse...it migth be on the menu, but not the flagship entree.
i went here with a friend when we were both really craving dosas. the dosas themselves were HUGE, but i ended up enjoying the chaat more. but there is a lotttt of variety, so there is something for everyone
Wow...I was so full from this meal, I rolled outta there.The dosas are HUGE, so come hungry.I don't profess to be a dosa expert but these were good. Big portions. Our indian friends felt they were good as well - so I think I can safely assume this place is a pass. There weren't many indians there though...so that maybe questionable...
This is my favorite vegetarian restaurant in NYC. Food here is to die for, and i never get sick of it. Their lunch buffett is cheap: $7.50 with tax, and everything on the menu is delicious!! I have been going here for the last 3 yrs and have been disappointed once! i give it 10 stars!
Good food, great price, impressive bowel movement. Indian food at its finest.
Soooo... this is a vegetarian place... I knew this when I walked in, but I was with some vegan friends so I thought I'd put the carnivorous habits on hold for one meal.  I was pleasantly surprised... the food was EXTREMELY affordable, and it was very good too.  I had the buffet, which was only about $7.  The only issue I had was that there wasn't much of a selection at the buffet (and this could be due to the fact that vegan/vegetarian dishes are limited in the world).  I would have given this place a 4 star rating, but due to my extreme vegetarian bias... and the fact that I had to get a 4-piece nuggets from McD's afterwards leaves me at a 3... jusssst a bit unsatisfied.  However, I would HIGHLY recommend this to any one of my non meat eating friends.
My Vegan/Vegetarian friends took me here to experience Indian food for the first time.We got samosas to start; they were really good. My friends both had different kinds of dosas, one spicy and one not. We all proclaimed the spicy one to be the best.I got some sort of platter with several different dishes on it, including a rice pudding for dessert. It was all really good, a perfect introduction to Indian cuisine. I look forward to eating here again!
Love it!  I have been here more often than I care to admit.Recommended: dosa, chole bhatura, malai kofta, kadhai paneer masalaThis is my first review on Yelp, so it will probably be my longest.  Now for the details:First, my general complaint about Indian food in New York is that the spices have been almost universally dumbed down.  As a transplanted California native, it is hard to get the zing I am used to, even when I beg and plead for extra, extra, insanely spicy ("yes, I know I'm a gora, but I really mean it!")... but then again, I singed off my taste buds years ago.  Tiffin Wallah is no exception, but for the relatively delicate vegetarian food, spicy is not the objective: complex and balanced is.  In this respect, Tiffin Wallah delivers.Another general observation: in the pecking order of Indian 'hoods, Murray Hill's Curry Hill trumps the East Village's 6th St India Row, but both lose easily to Jackson Heights.  Still, Tiffin Wallah seems to rise above the typical fare in Curry Hill.It's vegetarian and kosher, so it is a friendly lunch choice for my orthodox friends.The dosa are good (I'm a sucker for rava, or the jam-packed Pondicherry dosa on the weekends), but if you only want dosa, you may be better off at the oily-but-crisp Dosa Diner in Jackson Heights, or the delicious dosa man below Washington Square Park.They also serve a nice variety of Gujarati dishes, underrepresented in many Indian restaurants.Breads are enjoyable but not spectacular--no tandoor-seared naan here.  Pooris and bhatura (weekends only) are good, the parathas and chapatis are decent.The front is unassuming, but the inside is pleasant.  The decor is bright green paint and unusual white "bubble" tiles, pocked with dents (probably from the bobbing heads of diners). Positives:- nice chole bhatura and Pondicherry dosa on the weekends- good dosa- plump, succulent malai kofta- nice brunch for only $6.99- better tableware than most similarly-priced places- generally attentive, gracious service- they deliver- one block from my apartment!!!Negatives:- aloo masala (potatoes) a little short on the salt- pay-per-chutney when it's not brunch timeGrab your friends and say, "Teekh hai, we're going to Tiffin Wallah!"
Some of the better Indian I have ever had, Love the Dosas and the Spinach is incredible.
This place has the best Indian food in the city, and the prices are very very reasonable. Everything from the pakoras, to the mango lassis, to the mysore masala dosas, to the chole bhatura...everything is soooo delicious. The only bad thing I would say about this place is that the staff is not the friendliest, they need to smile a bit more :)
no buffet on weekends, totally vegetarian, small restaurant.this place smells funny. not like food odor, just unpleasant. i wouldnt return here.
One of the best Desi restaurants in New York. (Keep in mind that it is vegetarian, so look elsewhere if you're in the mood for chicken tikka.) The quality and variety is fantastic, and the tiffin coffee is incredible.
Delicious vegetarian indian BYOB served with beautiful presentation at reasonable prices!! I went at diner not for the buffet and the service was great.
I haven't had too much experience with dosas, but I love theirs, the filling is tasty and not too dry (fresh green peas in the potatoes!).  They won me over after i dared to give it a 2nd chance; I did not like my first dosa (bland and dry) at another NYC south Indian restaurant many years ago.I also love how they have a fancy tiled sink in the restaurant where you can wash your hands without having to wait in line for the bathroom or open any doors!  All restaurants should have this -- what a terrific idea!!!
First of all, do not order the chaas. It takes like vomit (...brings me back to being in college). Second, order the assorted tiffins for two--delicious value. What else, I don't know. Order the dosa, I guess? I usually go to Saravana bhavan up the street, which has awesome poori.
I used to go to Jackson Heights for my monthly intake of  Dosa but after reading the reviews about Tiffin Wallah and considering its relatively closer to my place we decided to try it....AMAZING! If you need the food to be non spicy, mildly spicy or just regular spicy they will make that happen...the variety is incredible... my friend who's a Gujarati got the Gujarati Thali and he was so happy that he got to eat his comfort food after a year.I had the South Indian Thali and the bf had the Tiffin Wallah Thali...everything was so tasty and well prepared and the waiters were courteous and even joking with us.I went twice in a week! First on a Friday then on a Sunday... Definitely will be going back at least biweekly!I definitely say that I get my money's worth.
Samosas and Navrattan curry were amazing - just like mom used to buy from really good Indian places.Also good for the price.
I came here for dinner with a friend and there was a loud group of people near the front.  Were they celebrating a birthday party or something?  They were drinking and shouting and at one point one of the women started singing.  Anyway, back to the food.  Luckily, Tiffin Wallah doesn't disappoint -- serving food that adheres to Aruveydic principles, I found the flavors of sweet, tart, hot and salt present in many of the assorted dishes we ordered.  Definitely get the cashew appetizer and the Palaak Paneer!Will go back when it is hopefully less rowdy!
Good indian place. Small hole in the wall. I was too full from my previous meal to et but I made room for a masala chai and the kheer. Both wonderful.
Had the masala dosa with mysore spices and gunpowder chilis. Fabulous.
Tiffin Walla is just about perfect in my eyes.  No fuss decor, friendly and attentive staff, and most importantly, consistently delicious food.  I prefer to order off the main menu at dinner, but if you want to grab a quick and easy lunch, the $7.95 buffet or masala dosa is a great deal. I get the dosa.
I loved it here! it's all vegetarian and super delish.they are no longer BYOB, they have a license. fyi to the byob.i do have to agree with the other yelpers that i did feel a little rushed; it was a friday night after Pulse Park opened... but we didn't let that get in our way.we all got chana dishes, and we ordered the massive rolled bread which was too heavy on the butter.all in all it was a great dinner and i did go to the loo but i don't recall there being any hooks to place a coat/purse, and since it is my personal assignment to report back to you yelpers on the status of hooks in the stall, i'm going to say "hey tiffin wallah! if there aren't any hooks in the potty can you please put some up?!"
We went there last night just before 10.  Restaurants should decide whether the kitchen is open or its not-  no in between business. They didn't want us to order half of what was on the menu, ended up eating really mediocre dosas and almost got kicked out by the staff who could not wait for us to leave. They were sweeping the floors while there were people there. On the way out of a not so pleasant experience we noticed the cherry on the pie-  the first C grade I saw from the health dept!!   Never going back!
Super good food! Fresh ingredients, well-spiced and flavored, good service, delicious masala chai & rice pudding, and not too expensive! There are so many options on this menu that I could come here tons of times and never have the same thing twice (kind of a rarity for being vegetarian). Plus, if you go on your birthday with three other people, your meal is free! Pretty awesome.
Really good vegetarian Indian restaraunt with a nice north/south/west menu.  Prices are extremely reasonable at around $8 per entree and a $6 lunch buffet.  You can't go wrong with any of the paneer dishes, especially the sag paneer- but you should definitely try some of the more non-traditional dosas.  The Jaipur Masala dosa mixes paneer, tomato onion and a traditional potato mixture and is quite good.  There are also north, south and Gujarati thalis- all excellent and a huge meal at $14.  Enough to split really.  So get an appetizer, and a thali between the two of you and you're good to go.
This place was pretty good, and the price sure is right, but I wasn't blown away by the food.  It's a good possibility that no vegetarian Indian spot will ever live up to Udupi Palace in Berkeley (my first Indian love).  But yeah, $6.95, all you can eat, tiny spot so get there early.  Enjoy!
$6 all-you-can-eat buffet? I'm there! Normally I avoid buffets because I can't eat enough to make it worth it for my money, but I can certainly handle $6. I went for lunch and they had a nice little selection: salad, 2 kinds of rice (one was a red color, very pretty!), 2 kinds of bread - 1 crispy fried flat bread, and 1 that was like uttapam (maybe it was?), palak paneer, chana masala, and a veggie soup (like sambar). There were also a selection of accompaniments on the side - alchar, coconut chutney, raita, and a few other sauces. There was also a dessert, which was sort of like orange-colored, very sweet, moist cake.Service was simple, since it was a buffet. People were crowded at the entrance waiting for a table for most of the time I was there (it's small inside). At least 1/2 of the patrons were Indian. I had a wonderful, filling lunch and will definitely return. The only thing I wished for was signs on each of the buffet items so we could see what we're eating! No matter, go and check it out, it was all quite delicious.
I had been here for dinner before; today I went for the lunch buffet. Everything they offered all-I-could-eat of was fantastic: well seasoned and fresh. They keep your water glass filled (as good as it gets in the context of buffet table service). And as it's located in the kosher vegetarian quarter of Curry Hill, it's the perfect place to take all your friends with dietary restrictions.
This place is the best thing that ever happened to me.Ok, not the best (my life is great) but definitely enjoyed the $6.95 lunch buffet.  You can't beat cheap AND delicious in NYC.  And don't let the veg fare weed out you carnivores, this place is savory enough to feed anyone, no matter your dietary preferences.
I love Curry Hill. I'm vegan and my husband is vegetarian and so we head straight for the Kosher South Indian restaurants for lunch-time buffets.The price is good and the manager is really nice. He readily tells us what contains milk and what doesn't and we're all set. The people serving water are very attentive, though it looks like they don't have all that much to do. :-PGreat place!
Definitely one of the most authentic Indian restaurants in the city - the best chapati, rice and lentils!!!The offerings change daily and is perfect for lunch or dinner.Plus - the staff is really friendly and the price is unbeatable.After discovering this place, I go for lunch at least twice a week.
I wasn't so impressed by my recently outing to Tiffin Wallah. My husband and I are regulars at the sister restaurant - Chennai Gardens. We love it so much we went through a phase where we went twice a week. We though it's shake things up a little and try Tiffin Wallah - you know to be 'same same but different'.We ordered a Gujrati Thali and and a gobi manchurian (as an appetizer). The manchurian was terrible - syrupy, stick and sweet. Oddly enough while we ordered the appetizer, it was served with rice - i have no idea why!! The thali was huge with 3 curries, a chutney, enough rice to feed a small family, poori and rasmali (indian dessert). Nothing on the thali was overly tasty. The poori was dripping in oil. The curries were very average and homemade tasting (not in a good way, just in an amatuer way). The rasmali was so terrible - not anything like what real rasmali should taste like, just fake really (I don't know how else to describe it)Basically, I'm indian and when I eat at an indian restaurant, i like to eat traditional food done differently to how i make myself. Chennai Gardens and a number of other indian restaurants in Curry Hill do this well. Tiffin Wallah did not.
I liked this place until I saw a roach crawling under my table as I was getting ready to leave...
Solid lunch special ($7.95 buffet). Nothing spectacular, but very good vegetarian indian food.
A great vegetarian option for those days where you're out with the non-meat eaters. Also has the most helpful menu I've seen for a while (it has a glossary).  Food was tasty, service was good. The place is small-ish, casual, and friendly.
I came here one night with a friend to introduce her to Indian food and definitely made a good choice by picking Tiffin Wallah.  We got the palak paneer and aloo gobi with some paratha and everything was extremely good.  One of my biggest faults with food at Indian restaurants is that it is considerably greasier than the food my mom makes at home but this place was spot on.  I also liked that they had both a good variety of both North and South Indian food.The service was very good in spite of the fact that we walked in at 9:45 for dinner and I think they were getting ready to close.  The food was ready almost instantly and we barely had time to finish our papads before everything came out.If I lived in New York I would definitely frequent this place, but I will surely be back the next time I'm in town.Plus one star for the adorable little flower vases on the tables too!
I was filming in this part of the town and it smelled absolutely wonderful. I looked around and I was in middle of curry hill. I had never walked around in this part of the town. After I was wrapped I quickly yelped around me and found this cozy little place. The menu is huge and the prices are reasonable. I think lunch time would be best, I went for a late dinner and it can easily run you 15-20 pp. I went ahead and ordered the mango lassi, and it came quick and it was delicious. I ordered the Paneer masla dosa which was amazing and very filling. the perfect about of sambhar (lentil soup) and coconut chutney came with it.  I only wished I had told them to make it spicy. The staff is wonderful and pradeep is quite a talker. very nice  guy. I plan on going here for lunch soon, so far so good!
Tiny place near the hotel I stayed in for several days. I was curious about it since I walked by twice a day, so I checked Yelp to see what it was all about. As a vegetarian, an Indian Kosher vegetarian place was just too good to pass up. I grabbed a willing coworker and we headed over for the lunch buffet.Even my coworker who professes to enjoy her meat with a side of meat enjoyed this place. Everything was hot, delicious and fresh. I think the buffet was $6.00, so it was a pretty good value, especially for the area. There was naan, two kinds of rice, and 5-6 entrees to sample, as well as yogurt and curries and plenty of dipping sauces for the food. I left there quite stuffed, but didn't have that heavy feeling you get from fast food. I even contemplated going back for dinner another night, but didn't have time to get back there.The only con is that it is very small in there. Tables really are squished together, which wouldn't so bad for regular dinning, but when everyone was going back and forth to the buffet, it was a bit rough. Also, the buffet area doesn't allow many people in there at one time, so then there is a line snaking in between the tables. It was worth it though, as I said before, everything was delicious.
Loved it! They had me at the name, for starters. I'm quite picky about Indian food, but I really liked this place. Had the potato wada, which was spicy and very good. Instead of the usual samosa dough like my mother-in-law uses, this wada had a bhaji dough, which was orangeish and spicy and so good. Hubby had the dai vadas (don't know how to spell that), and he said they were very good but could be spicier. He had the Pondicherry dosa which he reported to be excellent, and I had the kadhai paneer, which was excellent, although it could have been spicier as well. The flavors were great and the masala was velvety and yummy. I would definitely come back here. I would just offer the suggestion of making things a bit spicier- we can handle it!
BEST INDIAN IN MURRAY HILL BY A LONG SHOT.There's daylight between these guys and all the other turkeys.Buffet lunch on weekdays for $6.50, all good nosh.They tend to have the heaters cranked up to 11 though, which is a bit oppressive if you're sitting next to the wall.
Lunchtime buffet is delicious, but with limited selection and even more limited room to maneuver.
The usual selection of South Indian dishes, but a step up in quality and presentation. The placemats, my friend informed me, were from MoMa, and a huge closeup photograph of a Ganesh statue watched over the restaurant serenely. The coconut chutney was really fresh; the kadi paneer masala was vividly orange-red under the track lighting; the eggplant in the alu baingan had a lovely consistency, not too chewy and not too watery; the chapatis were flaky and light on oil... Twas delicious.And maybe it was just because we were a pleasant group of 15 and the restaurant's new, but we definitely got more food than we ordered, and a round of gulab jamun for dessert on the house as well.In return, led by our Argentinian friends, too new to New York to know how to "behave properly", we serenaded the owner and waiters. And a merry time was had by all.
This place is the place to go for a lunch buffet. They give you all the utensils you will need if you're grabbing buffet lunch to-go, too! The dosas hit the spot, especially with a mango lassi.
What a great find! So a friend introduced me to this spot about a year ago. After having numerous delicious dinners there we decided to try the lunch buffet. Truly golden! At an incredible price ($6.95), they don't compromise the quality and freshness of the food, nor the service. The palak paneer and masala paneer are favorites as is the vegetable biriyani. Tiffin Wallah is a great place for both veggies and non-veggies and anyone who can appreciate tasty fresh Indian food at a great price!
I'd heard about the $6 buffet for a while and decided to check it out one Monday, but the fuckers decided that Labor Day doesn't count as a Monday.  Piss hell!  I called ahead to make sure they'd be open, but didn't heed the advice to ask about the buffet.  Ass!Still, the samosa chat and masala dosa that we could afford were good,  The decor is ultra modern to the point of being kitsch and the table service is uber hip.  Service was prompt enough though.  I'd give it a 4 star salute, but I'm still miffed about the lack of buffet and my ignorance of the area to know that Indian veggie buffets are a dime a dozen.  Shit ball!UPDATE 11/06/07  We finally made it out for the lunch buffet.  Sure, it was pretty good for $6.50, but I was a little let down by the mains.  Two kinds of rice, chana saag, two breads, sorta crappy lentils, and a good assortment of sauces.  Maybe my midwestern roots show, but I like a buffet with fried shit.  Throw a hayseed a pakora!  But honesty, very mild food aside, the colors are quite nice.  Also, the tamarind chutney is stellar.
I think this is one of the best Indian restaurants in the city.  I have a hard time bringing my meatatarian friends here because it's all veg!!!  They don't know what they're missing out on.The $7 lunch buffet is a bargain but I always stuff my self silly and end up with a tummy ache.  They mix up the veg options from day to day.  Be sure to leave room for dessert.  The service is pretty good too.  They are quick to take away your dirty plates and refill your water.I've also had the South Indian thali here and that was pretty good too.  First of all, it was a lot of food!  The masala dosa and uttapam were especially good.It's pretty authentic and compares to the food I've had in Southern India.They do have a public sink in the back but I like where it's located because I like to eat the dosas with my hand.
This review is not about food. Just about their delivery services. Called them up for delivery services on a weekend and they mentioned that they deliver within only a five block radius. Are you kidding me? What a shame! Looks like this is a chronic problem with all Indian restaurants in this area. They have no idea how much business they are losing by just avoiding to run a few more blocks. This is Manhattan for God's sake! Pretty disappointed!
MMMMMMMM SOOOO TASTY!!!!!i'm of indian descent so i know a thing or two about the food.  we went for dinner so i can't speak to the buffet.  but this was some of the best malai kofta i'd ever had.  the pakora were also very good -- not too doughy, which is kind of hard to find!i thought the service was pretty good.  you have to realize you're not in a fine dining restaurant, & therefore cannot judge it as such.  they were a little slow to take our order, but the food came very fast, & it's a small place, so we had no problem flagging down the servers for anything we needed.  plus they were very friendly.  i can't wait to go back!
Average at best. This place is highly overrated.Go to Saravana Bhavan across the street for much better dosas.  Not impressed at all with this place.
I came in here shitfaced, demanded they gave me the best thing on the menu and then left a one dollar tip. And after all that? The service was great, the food was even better and I never once felt like I "didn't belong."
I really liked this place, and would go back.I had a Bhindi Masala (with okra, onions and lots of heat) with rice.  Quite tasty.I recommend sharing a portion between two people.  It's too much food for one.The prices are quite nice, and it's nice and clean inside.
Along with Chennai Garden, Tiffin Wallah is the best of the new wave of Curry hill restaurants.  The lunch buffet is killer.  What a bargain and delicious veggie curries and uttapams.  Wash it all down with a chai tea or get a lassi.  Instead of the so-so indian restaurants that line lexington ave. Turn off the main drag to find the better quality restaurants that are hidden from the tourists.Great service, clean and nice, simple decor, and a bustling atmosphere full of a mix of Indians and non-Indians in the know.
I have to admit that this was my first venture into curry hill.  I cannot claim any comparisons from the area but compared to the curry places I tried in the lower east side this place was really good food for a really phenomenal price.     Nice environment without feeling like I needed to be dressed up.  Probably not the place that would take my mother to impress her with my swanky NYC lifestyle but the perfect place to take friends from out of town who are on a budget.     All entrees I noticed were under $10 (and this for dinner) most around $8.50.  Extensive menu and some of the most impressive vegetarian fare I've seen.
Got dosas delivered. Extensive vegetarian menu. Dosas are quite filling and still very hot. Would definitely order again
I have yet to go to their restaurant...but they were one of  my top 3 (all tied for #1) at the Village Voice CHOICE EATS event at the Puck this month. They gave a wonderful spread (5 items) and everything was GREAT!!!!I'm now looking at my calendar to see when I can get there to try more of the menu!!! Yuuum!
Wandered in on a whim. No idea it was vegetarian. Pleasantly surprised. Food was delish. Staff very friendly & accomodating. Definitely returning for more!
I was uncomfortably full after leaving this place... my fault completely.  The lunch buffet is a knock-out.  Three rotating curries, most from Gujarat I believe, plus breads, chutneys, soup, salad, and dessert.  The price... $6!!!When I went, last Friday I believe, they had peas and paneer in a sweetish and delicate tomato curry (this might be a northern one actually), brocolli, cauliflower and onions in a cooling coconut sauce, and lentils and spinach in a spicy mustard curry.  The breads were a thin, deliciously fried number, and a (riceflour?) pancake deal with some veggies speckled in.Dessert: bright red pieces of sugared fried dough.My advice, don't eat a grain of rice, it will just fill you up.
Great South Indian food. We have been here for the past 4-5 weekends in  a row and always find the food good. The service is friendly and efficient. Favorites+ Plain idli+ Kanjipuram idli+ Rava idli+ Pondicherry dosa+ Rava masala dosaBest to avoid+ Gobi (Cauliflower) Manchurian Love this place!
the food here is very fresh, light, and hardly a trace of grease.  very impressive.  but with that comes a shocking blandness.  reminds me of the food served in an ayurvedic hospital in kerala - very healthy and light.i asked for spicy and it wasn't even mild by my standards.  i would be afraid to order medium - might then taste like a macrobitoic dish.  aloo matar and gobi masala all should be relatively spicy but not.  uttapam and dosa are great but the chutneys were again so mild.  this is probably a great place to bring someone with a mild palate but not for me - no thanks.  keep up the good work though, nyc needs specialization niche marketing.
The food is good but make sure to check your credit card statement. I have been overcharged twice.
I've tried a lot of the south Indian restaurants near my office, and, so far, this one is my favorite. The atmosphere is similar to many of the other restaurants, but is slightly more "cutesy." Staff are friendly even if their English isn't always on par. The dosa, vada, chaat, chutney were all delicious...I'm not a native but I spent a couple months in south India and this place seemed pretty authentic and tasty to me. The crowd is a mix between Indians and "foreigners." Tiffin Wallah is a great deal and a treat for vegetarians. One caveat is that I would avoid ordering from the north Indian part of the menu--my friend once did and it was only so-so. I don't know why these places even bother offering items they aren't exceptional at making.
Pretty good dosa, big menu. Little upset they only offered Pondicherry dosa on weekends. Food is good overall but they don't have a huge curry or chutney selection. Spicy doesn't really live up to the term.
Possibly my favorite restaurant in New York. The food is dynamite, and incredibly reasonable for the quality. Good place for a date or really anything. I've not eaten anything here that wasn't delicious. I can't say enough good things. A must-visit.
Tiffan Wallah is good.  I would say a sold three star restaurant, because its not fanastic, BUT it is very good vegetarian Indian fare.
I cannot say enough good things about your weekday lunch. Cheap. Delicious. Cheap. Delicious. You get the point.It has consistently been a very good lunch experience. Good for in-stay and take out. Did I mention it's vegetarian? Thank you for feeding me through many workdays.
Superb south indian -- well worth reeking of curry powder for hours after.  Massive portions (paper masala is 2.5 feet of crispy excellence), obligatory indian (deferential/punctual) service, and so inexpensive.  No idea how places like Baluchis stay in business with TDUBS 10-15 blocks away.  Huge fan of CHAAT as well.
This is a lunch-buffet only review.  Given that it is only $6 for a lunch buffet, unless they are serving you fried lard with uncooked rice, it really is VERY hard to go wrong.  On the day I went, there was an assortment of side dishes (salads, onions, chutneys, etc.).  Then there was a soup.  They had plain white rice and an eggplant one.  I had the eggplant rice and it was fantastic.  Then there are about 3 or 4 different vegetable dishes.  I didn't recognize all of them but the biggest dish was the aloo gobi.  Lots of cauliflower.  Good flavors.  They also had a peas dish and a lentils dish.  Both were average for me but I'm sure others would like it more.  Neither of those vegetables are particularly appetizing to me regardless of how they are cooked.  They also had some desserts but I really don't eat those.  Note that this is a vegetarian restaurant, though.  Meat eaters should probably stay away or maybe come with an open mind.  I never miss meat when I am eating Indian vegetarian food.  I repeat: It's $6 for a buffet.  How can you possibly go wrong?
Really good kosher (I believe) vegetarian Indian food.
Excellent South Indian food with all the favorites like dosa and other vegetarian options, and this is coming from a true carnivore.
Went here with a large group of coworkers today. This is a vegetarian/kosher restaurant and it was very delicious. The food is buffet style for $6.95 per person. Very nice and simple decor. Filling food.
1) Delightfully cheap lunch buffet.2) Terrible service.3) A constant line of hungry Tiffin lovers who will occasionally push weak people like myself aside.4) I kept going back for seconds, the food was so good. 5) Despite being vegetarian, this has more variety than India has people. 6) The coconut chutney is great!7) My personal pick among the entire selection of Indian restaurants in the area.
Phenomenal!  My guy and I went over there and loved it.  The price is surprisingly low, especially considering the generous portion sizes.  My guy exclaimed, "I'm never going to Banana Leaf again-- this is authentic!"  So, we have our new favorite Indian place.  I highly recommend Tiffin Wallah.
When you see a line extending all the way out the door during a weekday lunch hour, you know it's the real deal. I've never seen so many people go nuts over Indian food, not even on Curry Row 6th St. on the Lower East Side.The $6.95 all you can eat lunch buffet is a steal considering the selections are top quality, bold in exotic spicy flavors, clean and carefully koshered. There is a large concentration of Indian eateries in the area that offer buffets as low as $6, but nearly all of them were surprisingly empty at the time.My office is only 5 blocks away and I do try to arrive 15 minutes early before it gets crowded by 12pm. Service is often friendly and the owner is personable, but most of the time customers help themselves to the servings. I tend to stack up platefuls of the Kashmiri Pulav Basmati rice with fruits, nuts, saffron, rose, and cream sauce. I love the aroma of this dish and the creative mix of ingredients. One of my favorites (mostly desserts) are the masala spiced cashew nuts and the Kheer rice pudding. I do get full very easily after cleaning off one plate and it's difficult to pile on for seconds. Sometimes I do get sick from Indian food (stomach related), but it has never been the case here. Maybe the kosher process had something to do with it?
This place has a great variety.  The samosas were large and delicious.  They also had a bunch of small plates that were delicious and everything was very reasonably priced.  I cant wait to go back.
I would rate the food to be slightly below average.    The only reason to eat the lunch buffet at TiffinWalla would be its low-low price.   Perhaps, if you take price into consideration the place deserves 2.5 stars for overall value.  Personally, I would spend another 4 or 5 bucks more and eat better tasting food.  It does not merit a repeat visit from me, especially since there are so many better choices in the same area.
very good south indian vegetarian food with many vegan options, which is a must in my book.we just stumbled into the place because we were tired and hungry after a whole day at the new york vegetarian fair (great fun, if not for overwhelmingly loud crowds). did not even had a chance to check out yelp, just decided to try tiffin wallahgood choice! now, that i am back and reading reviews, most of them reflect our experience - great food, but service is spotty. the place looks like a cheap diner and the noise level is very high. even though it was not overly crowded, it was noisy (or maybe just happen to have loud people dining at that time).at the end of the meal we felt rushed. they really do not want you to linger once you are done eating, so i would not recommend this restaurant for a date night. but for an enjoyable dinner out with old-time friends or family - this is a solid choice. very reasonably priced too. if you happen to come on a weekend night, check out specials which are only served on weekends. in addition to dosas, these are very good options too.
Very good food and excellent service.  Dosas, vada, idly very well made.  Interesting weekend special dosas such as spring Dosa with vegetables.
Solid vegetarian Indian food. Very reliable, very modestly priced, and good spices in the food. Nothing here that is mind blowing, but for a good meal at a good price, this is a safe bet for Indian food.
Tried the Mysore Masala dosa and the paper dosa - they were both good, I just wish they had given more sambar.
Excellent onion rava masala dosa! The dosa was large, and the accompanying sambar and chutney were good. The batata vada and samosa were a tad dry. The aloo chaat looked a bit like guacamole, but tasted all right. I'd go back again - the food is good overall, the service is quite fast, staff is friendly, crowd is diverse, and the place is clean.
I've had the paneer dosa as well as the masala mysore dosa and both are wonderful. I love that it comes with a lot of sambar and coconut chutney because most other places never give me enough.I also had the Mulligatawny soup here which was unfortunately disappointing for me. It had way too much cilantro in it which I am unfortunately not a big fan of.  While I won't complain about cilantro in food if it happens to be in it, I prefer it to be more of a garnish than a main ingredient.
My rating and experience are based on the lunch buffet. Although the restaurant opens at 11:30am the buffet wasn't ready the first time I came here. So I returned another day at noon and that timing was better. The quality of the food and condiments was very good. The dishes were not greasy. The food was relatively simple but it had a lot of flavor and seasoning. The dishes are vegetarian and there are not very many options - three or so main dishes. Some of the dishes were rather spicy, which to me is a great thing but some people might find it a bit much. There was roti bread served with the meal but not naan (which would have been nice). Service is what you would expect for a buffet. The price is quite reasonable. The only problem for me is that going to a buffet creates a temptation for me to overeat. When the food a tasty and available, it's hard not to eat more than I should - but that's just the nature of buffets and why I tend to avoid them. But I will definitely come back here.
i love this spot, awesome buffet!  although their palak paneer varies from excellent to good, its not always at its best. I don't care, because this place is just great and super cheap for lunch!!
This place is similar to Chennai Garden with slight differences. Overall, Tiffin Wallah is great and raises the image of Indian food. I am an Indian and grew up on "Lijjat Papad" commercials in India... So, Its good that this place always has Papad in their buffet. For the non-Indians: Papad is what they call Indian chips usually on the left of the buffet dishes
Delicious, freshly prepared vegetarian Indian food at its best.  The masala dosa at Tiffin Wallah is one of the best I've ever had.  It was crisp, not too oily, and the filling was seasoned perfectly.  The curries are flavorful and portion size is just right.  The space is clean and inviting.Top-notch Indian food.
This place is cheap. That and the coffee are probably the only good things I have to say. The food has no flavor and the place is dingy, dark and very sad to dine in. I have tried the $7 buffet (a lot of bland and oily Indian food) and the $15.50 Sapadu Thali Dinnerwith papadum, aviyal, poriyal, kootu, rasam, sambar, yogurt, poori, white rice and dessert. Neither agreed with my relatively strong constitution.
Rachel H. selected TW for a family/friends lunch and it's vegetarian quality.  I am SO happy we went here -- it's my new favorite Indian place!  The size is right, with tables easily put together to accommodate larger parties or communal dining, and though it was a bit loud, that's due to the conviviality and joy of satisfied eating.  Without much knowledge of many of the dishes, we asked our server to help come up with enough food for 6 and he was spot on.  We shared the tiffin combo for 2 to start, which was a tad disappointing, with nondescript deep fried variations on potato, including some decent samosas that were unfortunately still stone cold in the middle (previously frozen), but two nice sauces.  From there, everything was amazing: the "spring roll" with sauteed bell peppers and crispy rice wrapping; the "gun powder" crispy rice thing; the saag paneer; the kofta mufsa (?) faux meatballs in super creamy curry; the navratan (SO GOOD); the dense naan/chapati; all lovingly draped by me in raita.  We were pleasantly full, and didn't miss meat.  Every dish was rich and had complex flavor.  The portions were large, and very reasonable, averaging $10.  I can't wait to go back!
While authenticity is toned down here to reach a broader audience, you'll enjoy the quality ingredients and bold flavors.  I strongly recommend the weekday lunch all you can eat buffet where you can choose from 5 dishes, rice, bread, pickled vegetables, as well as traditional Indian accompaniments.
My new favorite Manhattan restaurant!  Service was excellent. We had a large party and our waiter helped us order from the extensive delicious sounding dinner menu options. The appetizers, entrees, mango lassi, and chai were fabulous. Portions were generous, prices affordable, very clean. Everyone in our party was excited to have found Tiffin Wallah and will be back!
Went for lunch on a Sunday and had absolutely fabulous, cheap, vegetarian Indian food.  Make that incredibly cheap.  I had the wonderful giant dosa (a foot long curl of it!) with potato curry and various chutneys and raita, but dipped into my friend's thali.  Both of us waddled out happy (me especially so as my friend is a committed carnivore and still loved the food).  Lunch for two (without alcohol) was about 30 dollars. Highly recommended.
This place is great.  As someone who does not love Indian food, this is a must return.  It is vegetarian and the lunch buffet is a great deal and actually tastes good.  For once I did not feel sick from heavy sauces after having Indian food!
At the Copper Chimney, I had bhindi masala so good it made me order it again.  Then I had bhindi masala so bad it scared me off of that spice blend.  With that in mind, I tried to explain my situation to our server to get a recommendation.  It wasn't...happening. Language barrier aside, I ended up ordering kadi.  It was very good; slightly spicy pekora dumplings in a thick yogurt sauce.  My date ordered chana saag, an awesome combination of vegetables with a lot of flavor and texture.  Considering the relatively low cost (unlike, say, Copper Chimney), attentive service, and well-seasoned food, I'd give it a win.  *This might be the place to bring hesitant Indian eaters, since the "kosher" marker on the door means it's clean as a rabbi's palate.
I was looking for a good Indian place in the city and Yelp turned me onto to Tiffin Wallah.  The place was really cute and the service was good.  The menu had several interesting options on it that I haven't seen at Indian restaurants before, so I wanted to try something new.  We started with the samosas that were served in a mixture of sauces (maybe raita, tamarind, and mint?) and they were great.  I decided to get the semolina crepe filled with paneer and potatoes and it turned out to be the craziest looking thing I had ever seen.  It was about two feet long and crackly.  I couldn't eat more than a third of it, but it was tasty and had good flavors to it.  My husband ordered a crepe too but it was much different, with no stuffing and a much different texture.  I'd like to return to Tiffin Wallah to try some other dishes because it seems like one could eat there for weeks without having the same things twice.
inexpensive and very good food - we've gone for brunch on the weekends and this place does not disappoint. i usually get the mysore masala dosa when i have south indian, and this was good- not as spicy as i would have liked, but still really good.also got the rava idli, which was yum.  and, i usually don't love sambar, but the sambar here was perfect. not too liquidy (is that a word?) and perfectly spiced. big fan.
BEWARE!!!Back in NYC from DC for Thanksgiving.  Read reviews for Tiffin Wallah on Yelp and was excited to try it tonight.  Ordered two appetizers and an entree with my boyfriend.  Took one bite of first appetizer.Found a BUG, still MOVING, buried in the food.  Good thing I have a habit of inspecting my food before eating it.  Disgusted, immediately left.  One waiter said sorry.  That was about the only response.There are a TON of Indian restaurants in the area, I suggest trying one that doesn't serve bugs.
such a disappointment. we started out with the potato dosa and that was really good. like 4 stars. buttery, light, and filling.but then we got the biryani and malai kofta, and they tasted pretty bland and not good. they both had a tomato based sauce and was not that flavorful. maybe 2.5 stars for the two main courses. both dishes were also pretty sour.the decor was nice though.
Delicious and cheap! $15 for a chai tea, paneer masala dosa, and idli appetizer. Knocked one star off because the potato and cheese seemed to be missing an extra "kick" or spice that some of the other dosa places have...but everything was very fresh, and with the sauces accompanied with it, very delicious!!! Decor was also cute too.VegetarianCheapBYOB*yum*!!!
I echo the positive comments. Solid, tasty inexpensive, vegetarian Indian cuisine.  I like the dosas (essentially Indian crepes made from rice/lentil flour and stuffed with your choice of ingredients).  Simple ambiance with good services and mix of Bollywood/random American pop music.
Best Indian for the value!  The feel is very authentic indian..i spent 7 weeks there and this was spot on. We chatted with a group of 4 indian ladies who come here every week...and they were having a blast. The dosa is even bigger than usual and mild potatoes have a great flavor. We also had a coconut curry with wggplant and yams which was out of this world. Service is good too. All around a winner of a place. Enjoy!
Everything was ok , the buffet options were limited and the staff could be more friendly , but what really annoyed me was that their yelp description clearly states you get a free Mango lassi if you mention yelp ... so I mentioned it to them , but they still charged me for the lassi. Wouldn't have gotten it if it weren't complimentary. Oh, and to top that off, it came in one of those plastic tub take out containers - obv the most ideal way to drink a lassi while shuffling down the busy Manhattan street. See attached pic.
The lunch buffet is where it's at. The place gets busy fast during lunch. If you can, either get here earlier or towards the later end of the buffet where it isn't as crowded.
Not a vegetarian so could not really appreciate fully the full extent of cuisine..but the all u can eat 9.95 special was worth every penny ..Service could not be better..clean,friendly knowledgeable staff explained the different dishes and appropriate sauces and combinations...Desert was colourful and interesting great experience if your a vegetarian or a meat eater like me that wondered into a vegetarian paradise
Remarkable vegetarian food. I never once missed the meat. The dosa was gorgeous and the thali selection was great. Portions are large, we should have shared a main.
This is by far the best Indian cuisine experience that I've ever had. I unfortunately cannot recall the names of my entrées but they were all extremely delicious. I don't think any of the dishes failed me at all! I remembered having samosa, a curry, and a really spicy potato dosa. I shared this with two other people and the portion was nice for a family style split. Samosa were fantastic, they didn't get stuck in the back of my throat and had so much flavor. I usually feel weary of trying samosa because of how much potatoes are usually stuffed in there. But how the potatoes were cooked were just perfect. My favorite was that spicy dosa. They gave three sauce options and they all mixed well with the dosa. The coating was crispy, thin, and delicate. While the inside of the dosa had tender potatoes which literally melted in my mouth. Whatever spices they used to mixed the potatoes with was beyond anything that I've ever had. I'm losing my ability to describe how great the dosa was but I feel like you'll have to experience it yourself. The curry was great as well, I've had good curry before so this wasn't memorable. I just remembered enjoying it but wasn't anything I'd miss. I would actually want to try other curries next time. I had the Indian tea and I could have lived without it. Whatever milk they used was really weird and I just couldn't enjoy it. It's an acquired taste because my boyfriend liked it. I feel like I have to stop by here any time I'm ever in the city. Love this place so much!
Service took almost 1 hour. After that the Masala Dosa was cold. In couple of hours both of us had a stomach upset. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone
Flavorful food. They have a lunch buffet with items made in simple south Indian style of cooking and you will be surprised to taste such authentic Indian food in midtown New York city.
Located in the heart of curry hill, this restaurant is where I end up bumping into a lot of fellow South Indians.I am  originally from Bangalore- South India, and I go here every time I miss south Indian food. I definitely recommend going here for the unlimited lunch thali @ $11. Very authentic South Indian and doesn't feel like restaurant food- feels like home food. The thali has the kind of food one would eat on a daily basis in India. I would recommend this restaurant if you are curious about what day to day South Indian food looks like.
Ordered take out from here this evening after I saw they specialized in vegan & vegetarian indian food! We ordered a masala dosa, the chana masala, and potato stuffed paratha.I really enjoy dosas and the masala dosa here did not disappoint. The flavor of the dosa was delicious and the filling was perfect, I just wish there had been more in there! The dosa came with sambar & coconut chutney. The sambar was delicious, but I didn't really enjoy the coconut chutney. Luckily I had some taramind chutney in my fridge (my favorite) and I used that instead. The chana masala was delicious. The chickpeas were tender and the dish had just the right amount of spiciness. We ordered the paratha to try it since neither of us had ever tried it. My boyfriend enjoyed it, I wasn't a huge fan, but maybe the other flavors are better. I will definitely be ordering from this place again and trying more dosas!
Great food! the dosas are authentic, and tasty.The staff are neutral, and not super friendly.the prices are $$, but the lunch special is a real bargain.
Haven't eaten the food yet... Would like to, but I've been waiting 1:30 mins for a delivery. Just called and the man on the phone starts yelling- "We have 6 deliveries, what do you want me to do? You don't like it, I'll cancel the order!"Well Mr. Assface, I just want my food in the 45 mins that you said it would be here. Also, why are you yelling at me? I think he's angry cause he hasn't eaten meat in forever.
The best comfort food for me in NYC. It's the to-go spot when I miss home (Indian) food. Casual setting with a vegetarian menu and reasonable prices. No exaggeration, but there is nothing in the menu that I haven't liked. Idli in sambar bowl and chole batura are my absolute favorite.
Been here a couple of times. They feature vegetarian Indian cuisine in an accessible, no frills setting. Their $8.95 lunch buffet offers limited choices, but plenty of food at a price that's hard to beat. Dinner options include a la carte and a selection of thalis, traditional round platters that offer a set range of small helpings of dishes from appetizers through desert.
The best South Indian in Murray hill. The dosas are way better than Sarvanah Bhavan. And on the weekends, you must try the vermicili upma- amazing! Just be careful to check your bill at the end because they many times add "service charge" onto your hand written bill and then trick you when you get your swiped credit card receipt by adding a "tip" line as well.
I have not seen many restaurants which keep up our expectations in both North Indian and South Indian food! I ordered Sapadu and my husband, a Gujarati thali and we couldn't be happier about our choice. From the Tamil style Kootu to the Gujarati bainghan sabzi, everything was consistently delicious. Quality was unquestionable and the quantity was probably a little too much for one person. Ambience was good too and the staff friendly.
#Baby has gout now. So I'm supposed to avoid #meat. It's hard to find good tasting vegetarian in my work area. But I'm finding vegetarian Indian food is awesome! I love the all you can eat lunch buffet here at Tiffin Wallah. Very affordable. $8.95 plus tax & tip. They have a decent #assortment that changes a bit day to day.I would still generally prefer #meat Indian food, but this place is awesome if you are forced to be #vegetarian.Also before I found out I had #gout, I've been trying to limit carbs and dairy for the last couple of years. So it's tricky. But after a few times here at Tiffin Wallah, I find that the food is good without the rice and #rotis. Just put the curry stuff over salad. It's awesome and I think it tastes cleaner and better.#Be careful of handling the soup in the small aluminum bowls. They get really hot to handle. The server saw me burning myself with the bowl, so he handed me a plate to put it on. But the plate was even hotter than the #bowl. LOL
I love this restaurant. I come here pretty often. The food is good, the staff very nice and the menu is very affordable. If you come on weekdays, you can enjoy the lunch buffet... you'll leave with a smiley, happy belly :)
Chennai Garden is Amazing!! The food is so delicious and authentic. The service so friendly (complimentary dessert!) and the whole experience is perfect if you are looking for tasty Indian food. We had the Tiffin Wallah Thali and the Masala Dosa. Both were great!!
I read some good reviews about this restaurant and then tried their 'South India Thali' with Idly, vada, dosa and uthappam. . I was served a very old idly (reheated several times before serving). I live in Chennai and if this is the kind of idly they serve, you have to try idlis in other authentic south Indian restaurants. You will never visit this place again. The same review holds good for their Vada too. I couldn't even bite their Vada which was like a brick. Sambhar and chutney was average and can give 2 stars. Caution you, you get better sambhars else where in this city. (This is a Bangalore sambhar and definitely not a chennai Sambhar)
Excellent food!!!  Dosa, samosa, chana masala, all great!
Delicious! As a meat eater, I was a little resistant to visiting this vegetarian place (how I love slow-cooked Indian lamb!) But the food's so good I didn't miss the meat. I got a perfectly masala spiced curry that came with soft, flavorful paneer cheese. My friend's dosa was thin but not so big that was was difficult to eat and super crispy like a potato chip--it still retained its dosa-ness. The potato filling was simply succulent--and how often does someone describe potatoes as succulent?! Chapati bread was warm and chewy and the Indian beer most refreshing. Plus very reasonably priced, with each person in my party paying $16 with tip.
How can you go wrong with this trendy looking all you can eat Indian.  The food is amazing at an even better price.  Although it is served cafeteria style the food is better than most of the other restaurants in the Curry Hill area.  You can also order take out, but then you have to choose instead of trying a little bit of everything.
I've been here many times with friends and each time it's been consistently good.  I'm Indian and their food tastes like it's homemade which is exactly what I need being that I live away from home.  Everything from their North Indian to South Indian dishes are perfect!
Cheap indian food that stands out in Curry Hill for above-average, vegetarian, South Indian fare. You won't spend more than $15ish for two, maybe three courses, all of which are well-portioned but may make you feel a little sick towards the end (lots of fried food, huuuge dosas). Tiffin Wallah is also on NYMag's list of Cheap Eats so if you're in the area it's a solid choice.  Best deal: If you're celebrating your birthday, come with 3 friends or more and your meal (appetizer, entree, dessert) will be comped! Just have ID and a resvy.
the price is great for all the food that you get! and you do get a lot of food. tastes good too.i will return to thee =]
i just got take out from here - and it arrived in 15 min from when i placed the order - now, i do live about a 15 min walk away - but still - quite fast delivery - i was pleased!  I got the masala dosa and a side of idli - sambhar and coconut chutney came with the meal - everything was really good - but i recommend eating dosas earlier in the day - they are quite heavy for an 8pm meal.i'll definitely get take out from here again - in fact, the service via fone pleased me enough that i'd like to go check the spot out sometime
Had the South Indian thali - you get coconut chutney, sambar, dosa, lentil donut, a dessert, a pancake type of thing, and a white puffy thing that reminds me of cornbread. The food was good although it was quite a long wait. The restaurant is extremely noisy, like a loud bar with people yelling over each other and music playing - not the best place to go for quiet conversation.
Maybe I just don't know how to appreciate Indian food?  I was not impressed with TW.   Prices are moderate, but so is the food...first off, it's all vegetarian (that's ok, but you have to be in the mood, ya know), there wasn't much on the menu that excited me, and all I know is I had a GIGANTIC stomach ache after my experience here.  Oh, and they really tried to rush us out quick...even though the crowds were already thinning.  Not a fan, not a fan.
A cozy, South Indian vegetarian restaurant with amazing Dosas. I had the Alu Chat (Potatoes w Yogurt, coriander, lemon), I have had better in India, not sure about the amount of yogurt. The Bhindi Masala with Okra was satisfying and seasoned well, and th chutneys were done perfectly.  Very nice service, low prices for New York, friendly lady from Bangaledesh was very attentive, and looked like lots of Indian people come here. Overall, highly recommended if you like Indian vegetarian.
My favorite of the Murray Hill Indian eateries I've tried so far. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Not that I've tried it all. I haven't. but I spied many-a-plate being delivered to other tables and the reactions they elicited. Pakoras were outstanding, also the Alu Gobi and Sag Paneer. Didn't try the Dosas, but they looked fanciful and tasty and some even caused their recipients to pause for a few reverent moments before digging in. The place has a nice warm atmosphere. An old southern blues track was playing while we were there.
Nice chats.. We had aloo and papdi chat and both were great...veg Thali was also good
Everything tasted amazing! The place is kinda small and it was busy, but I will definitely go back
As many people commented, this restaurant $6.95 vegetarian lunch buffet is a bomb!  They offer different meals time to time even at lunch time so that frequent eaters don't get bored with their selection.  I really liked their "Fruit Salad." All diced cut fruits in rich creamy custard source.  This restaurant is always busy at lunch time but is worth waiting for if you are up to vegetarian Indian meals.
I have very discriminating taste when i comes to Indian food, and especially South Indian food. So it means a lot when i say the sambar here is the closest i've gotten to home quality in a long time! I used to be a major fan of Saravanaa's but I feel the quality has since deteriorated. So, this has become my go-to place for Dosa!
Very Impressive. Definitely some of the better Indian food I've had. Service is so-so. I'd like to try the lunch special sometime. Nevertheless, for less than $15, I was overwhelmed with yummy Indian dishes for dinner. Palak paneer was a solid choice for an entree.
Had a lunch buffet there and loved it. Its a small place, not much seating and not very expensive. The regular day lunch buffet was pretty much comparable to any restaurant around 28th street would provide. The food however, tasted more like regular home cooking than more of the oily restaurant cooking.
I just had lunch here. The food was pretty good if unspectacular (it could be a lot hotter) but the $6 all you can eat buffet is an unbeatable deal. I liked the desert, which was sort of like orange flavored cream of wheat. I will definitely be returning here.
This place is AWESOME!!! Probably some of the most authentic indian food I've had outside of India. The atmosphere is definitely lacking (which actually lends to its authenticity) but it's a really fun place to go with a group of adventurous eaters. Get the variety plates to share when you go, so fun tasting everything!
My favorite of the Murray HIll south Indian veg eateries (Saravanaas is a close second). Food:As a lifelong veg from Chennai, I can attest to the quality of the sambar and idlis -- the litmus tests for any south Indian restaurant, and not trivial to get right. Anybody can pull off good dosais. I've tried a variety of their south Indian dishes, and they're all very good (my 4-year old son grew up on their aircraft carrier-sized paper dosai). The South Indian thali is great.Great coffee.On the other hand, their north Indian/Punjabi/faux Chinese stuff is ok, but nothing special. Tastes like south Indians made it :-p I haven't tried their chaat-type items or desserts. Their weekday lunch buffet is cheap and quite good (6-7 bucks?)Atmosphere:It doesn't smell funny (unless you think Indian food smells funny), and it's not a hole in the wall, unlike some of the other restaurants in the neighborhood. Service:Less brusque than usual (for the Murray Hill Indian restaurants) and more kid-friendly. Do fold up that stroller, though :) Prices:Par for the course.Kartik
Dosas are as good as what you get in India!  Just had the rava masala dosa today.... people getting the buffet for lunch were eyeing my meal. YUM
I probably have had better Indian food but, considering the small price, this has to have been my favorite meal in quite some time.Feeling confident, we ordered the $14 sampler meals that is a stunning amount of food all brought to you at one time. For the one price you get 3 curries, two chutneys, rice, breads, and dessert. Amazing. There were 3 versions of these themed meals and we had 2 are both were worthy of praise with the breads being especially fresh.With our favorite Halal truck nowhere to be seen the next night, we returned to Tiffin Wallah. Bouyed by the evident popularity of the crepe-like dosas with our fellow diners the previous night, I ordered one and it was a grand affair. About the size of an XL pizza skin folded into quarters it had curry tucked inside and excellent dipping sauces. I couldn't stop.I would call the service attentive but I did not fell rushed. In fact, we stayed in our seats rather easily although it was not crowded. I enjoyed the mood in the place as it was far from the frantic pace of the life outside.
This is the real deal!  It has all the vagaries of spotty service and yet the food keeps you coming back.  To be honest, the food really is a great rendition of vegetarian Indian food- but you might find it a bit rich if you aren't used to all the spiciness.  Just make sure you have a lassi to help calm things down!
All the way from Elmhurst to get satisfaction...So I live in Elmhurst, ya know "little India"... I LOVE Indian food, but have had a devil of a time getting satisfaction in my neighborhood.  It appears most of the restaurants near my house cook Pakistani style, which means VERY spicy.  Way too spicy for my tastes.  What a pleasure it was to discover Tiffin Wallah!  The dishes we ordered were out of the this world (I had the Chana Masala) and as another reviewer noted, the food was noticeably free of excess oil and appears to be quite wholesome.  Even though the place was PACKED, The owner, Peter, sat and chatted with us for 15 minutes, recounting his long history of restaurateurship and distinction as having opened the first Kosher Indian restaurant in NYC some years ago.  All in all it was a fantastic experience!  I hope this place sticks around for a long time.  I know I'll be back regularly.
Nice tasting Palak Paneer and Bhaigan Bharta... though it doesn't beat my Naan n Curry in SF.  The waiter- can't remember his name, was very sweet and attentive:)
Wow - this place is unbelievable for southern veggie Indian food. The flavors are actually quite sophisticated and fresh. I've had friends from Southern India try their food (including a mom or two) and they think it's fabulous. I was also in India for 6 weeks and I think the food here is almost better than the food I had there. Their dosas are excellent and there is some dish (forget name) that is like a uttapam covered in yogurt, red chutney and tamarind souce - so good and fresh. Not greasy at all. They do take out now, too. The owner is also super nice. They do offer wine (Sula - Indian brand).
quite good indian restaurant. i used to be a  vegetarian, so i didn't mind that they didn't serve any meat.their lassi was quite tasty; actually i thought their mango lassi was so far the best that i had in the city.it's worth trying i guess.
Best samosas I've ever had. Really great choice for vegetarians. Not as great at using spices as some restaurants in the area are (Dhaba).
If you like being pushed out of your table before you are done eating - then by all means eat here. The food wasn't bad - but don't think 'cause it's veggie that this is healthy. I've had less creamier sauces on pasta dishes. Full of oil and butter. Not a relaxing place to eat  - I still had my fork and knife and the waiter was trying to bus off our dishes at the owner/manager's request. Owner is too concerned with table turnover to allow one to enjoy the food.
Food was a little spicy but delicious. Good size portions, friendly service. Would definitely go back and try more dishes.
An absolutely delicious Indian restaurant, and vegetarian to boot. I went with a party of four last weekend, and we enjoyed every dish from beginning to end. The food is flavorful, with more subtle spicing than is offered at some other places (translation: the food's not quite as hot). The spiciness tends to sneak up on you at the very end of a bite, rather than slapping you in the face as the food enters your mouth. It's not an entirely unwelcome change, frankly.  The portions are more than reasonably sized; I almost wish we hadn't ordered appetizers.  All in all, a very tasty meal at a fantastic price.
rava masala dosa w/ chili gunpowder!!!!!!
this place is our absolute favorite indian establishment.  crazy, crazy good, so much so that anywhere else is a disappointment.  the samosa chat is one of the most amazing taste sensations I have ever experienced.  the owner is super-nice too.  fantastic place!  go there!
My real star rating on this is 3.5. This place has decent food,  is cheap and has a slightly better ambience than most of the curry hill outfits. Won't break the bank. Good for groups and everyday eating out. Excellent sambhar.
I've actually only been here for dinner, when I get a craving for some good old southie (south Indian, that is) food....for me, simple is best. paper masala dosa (like a huge crepe) arrives piping hot and paper thin-just the way I like it. they actually put the masala (potatoes with spices), which are supposed to be the filling of the dosa, on the side, which is nice because it doesn't sit in there and make it soggy. i've sampled my dining companions' curries, etc, which are good---but nothing comes close to the dosa.
Yum! Delicious and heaping helpings. I highly recommend the samosa chat. Their dosas are good as is the palak paneer. I have no idea where Tiffin Wallah is and have only ever ordered delivery. Delivery is always fast.
I want to comment on the service and integrity of this restaurant. I recently dined at Tiffin Wallah with my cousins (young) and decided to order 4 dishes for 5 people. The waiter insisted that the food wouldnt be enough but i disregarded his comment and I was right; we had leftovers at the end of the meal. Another thing to add is that they miscalculated the bill to be $49 instead of $40. Out of all the dishes on the check and possible addition mistakes, there was no way it was accidental. I had to tell the waiter and he corrected the bill, while giving me a dirty look.
This place was a treat! The dosa was the best I've EVER tasted and it made me crave for more! I don't know what they did to the bread, but it was so delicious. I do agree with others that it could be a bit more spicy...but other than that it was a place I definitely want to go back to. I also really enjoyed the baigan bharta (sp?), but I'm also an eggplant lover. The mango lassi was thick and yummy. I wish I could've tried more dishes but what I had was just lovely!
This place is so consistently good!! I've been four times, in both large groups and with one other person, and it is always very tasty. I'm familiar with Indian food--I've traveled to India twice and my boyfriend is Indian--and Tiffin Wallah is authentically tasty. We took my boyfriend's mom there and she was very happy with her meal. Their Behl Puri and Samosa Chat are appetizer favorites. As a fan of spicy food, I also like the Rava Masala With Gunpowder Chili and the Kadhai Paneer Masala. The Thalis are also supper yummy! And give variety for the more indecisive ones. :) There is good service as well. Try it out!
First dosa I have ever had in Manhattan.  I have had plenty of dosas in Edison, NJ near oak tree lane - a street in NJ known in India.  This dosa did not seem traditional but that is ok by me.  It was excellent.  It was more like a burrito...or four sandwiches and it was delicious.
Hands down - best south indian in Manhattan!  I will keep coming back - again and again!
Really decent prices and the food is good, innovative and simple. The problem is not over-eating.
Fantastic food- most of the spicy food is really spicy, not American spicy, the flavors are great, and the dosa's are large enough to wear as a shawl. They also have what are possibly the best samosa's I've ever had. Skip the rest of Curry Hill & just head here!
The $7 lunch buffet at this vegetarian restaurant was good, with it being flavorful, fresh, and hot.  The place was clean and the service was good, with quick removal of our plates and re-filling of our glasses.  The number of hot items offered was a little less then I expected (difference btw 4 and 5 star rating), which included two rice types, two breads (Chapati and Paratha), yellow lentils, Chana Masala, Navratan Korma, and Sambar.
My other favorite place in Curry Hill besides Saravanaas. This place has a much more extensive menu (although still veg). I've had both the South Indian (Dosas, uttapams, etc.) and North Indian (sabzi, naan, etc) and prefer the north indian a little more. The food is really fresh and tasty. The Channa Bhatura and papri chaats are my favorites.
i love love love tiffin wallah.  i am yet to order something off the menu that i cannot enjoy!  it's fresh, delicious and the decor and custom touches make it far more appealing than it's rival chennai garden.  my fave items are the behl puri and chole bhatura (only avail on weekends)
I went with my friend for dinner last night and had an awful experience. One of the waiters banged the corner of a steel tray into my friend's head and didn't even apologize - rather he just continued with his service. The people around us all looked aghast but no one from the restaurant staff came to check on my friend. After a few minutes my friend (she was in shock) called the waiter and told him what he had done and he seemed unconcerned and continued to set tables and replace salt & pepper shakers. Then my friend's head started throbbing - we called another wait staff and asked to speak to manager. We were told the manager is the owner, Pradeep, who was not around. We told the other waiter - who seemed like a head waiter - what had happened and he said "oh he is new...", which is untrue because we're seen the guy on other occasions. Then he continued about his business totally unconcerned. Eventually we asked for some ice to put on my friend's head, which the head waiter neglected to bring us and had to be reminded. Eventually we left. My friend's head continued to throb so she paid a visit to the ER. She is doing ok now and was told by the doctors to take it easy and monitor herself - she should be fine. I am appalled at how callus folks at this restaurant are. People get hurt but a head injury can become very serious even if it seems harmless on the onset. I was sitting across from my friend and was stunned at how hard the waiter hit her head - you would think that they could do a 'little' more for their customers.
A perfect southern Indian restaurant. There are many to choose from in this neighborhood, but the chutneys, dosas and samosas here are unsurpassed. Vegetarians have to check it out.
Good food, lighting, quick service, but it would be nice if the older guys/servers showed a bit more energy and smiled. Also, it closed at 10, and a young couple had walked in at 9:45 pm. The kitchen closed right then but they were seated, which was nice. However, did they really need to switch the music off right at 10 AND start cleaning around the couple who had just started eating? Jeez...
Fantastic vegetarian food. There is a wide variety of north and south Indian options.
When I lived in New York, I often took visiting friends to Tiffin because it's delicious food at a great price. I'm vegetarian, so it's definitely a go-to spot for me, but most friends I have taken here were not and still really enjoyed the food. The atmosphere is pretty casual, and it can get quite busy on weeknights so you may want to come early. They can usually accommodate groups and the menu makes sharing very easy, especially since it's hard to pick just one entree! The thalis are always a good selection, especially if you have choice angst like me, and their dosas are also delicious (I particularly like the Paneer Rava Masala dosa). Their curries are quite good, and we especially enjoyed the Bhindi Masala. I would highly recommend going with a few friends and sharing several dishes so that you can try a range of items. And come hungry because the portions are generous.
Came here last night with a party of 7 at around 8PM. They were able to seat us right away. Everything on the menu was vegetarian and kosher, which is nice! We order about 6 dishes total, which was plenty. Every time I go to an India restaurant, I never know the names of the dishes since I just let me boyfriend order. However, I know the dishes by taste and look, so I can still compare the food with other South Indian restaurants.Overall, it was just okay. It didn't blow me away--definitely have had much better at other restaurants. I wasn't crazy about the dosa, it stuck to the plate and was kinda soggy. The service was also just meh. The trains were messed up for 2 people from our party, so they were late. They seemed annoyed, even though we ordered before they arrived. Would recommend going to another nearby restaurant instead.
The food here is amazing. The waitstaff could be a bit less rude. Come closer to closing time they tend to rush you out the door.  I guess they want to go home but so did I, but I was just very hungry. The waitress came almost 5 times to ask me when I will have tea in spite of me telling her when I wanted it. Finally I took it to go. Like their Chana Saag and Navratna Korma.
Awesome vegetarian food, lots of options, good quantity for the price range. Dosa and vegetarian biriyani are must try here, we did not order desert coz they were frozen and not made at that moment.
Was unimpressed. Staff is rushed and uninterested. Food was ok but did not blow me away. Nothing special.
Best dosa in Manhattan! Beats sarvanna bhavan and anjappar! have to come often for the dosa!
My go-to Indian restaurant for Kosher friends.It's difficult making non-vegetarian Indian meals fully Kosher without sacrificing taste (chicken tikka malasa and other dishes, after all, are marinated in yogurt, which would be a Kosher no-no mixing meat and dairy).Tiffin Wallah manages to kill two birds with one stone, targeting Indian clients who don't eat meat and observant customers who follow Kosher law. It's a pretty genius business idea, if you ask me, especially if the food is as solid as it is here. Competition is fierce in Murray "Curry" Hill and TW steps up its game, offering well seasoned vegetarian staples. I do wish they offered naan to go with your all-you-can-eat lunch buffet experience, which is standard in most restaurants.
I'm pretty sure my visit to Tiffin Wallah last night marked my first South Indian cuisine experience. I knew it was South Indian but didn't really know how different it would be. When perusing the menu we realized we were slightly over our heads, so we ordered based on our waiter's recommendations.To start, we ordered some drinks. My boyfriend got the masala chai and I finally tried a salty lassi. Oh my god, it was SO salty! I sorta had a love/hate relationship with the drink. The saltiness was a bit overwhelming and I could feel myself dehydrating on the spot; on the other hand, the yogurt flavor, which I love, was still very much present. I was not a huge fan of the masala chai... it was maybe a little heavy on the cloves or cardamom for my taste. It was still good, but I enjoyed the chai I had in India more (I was in the North-- not sure if that makes a difference.)We tried the mysore dosa (mysore sada dosa with masala filling) and the matar paneer curry (peas, cheese and tomato cream sauce). The dosa presentation was absolutely gorgeous - I posted a picture - and delicious as well. The dosa was a super-thin crepe that was somewhat crispy on the edges. The dish was also served with coconut chutney and an extremely spicy sambar. I enjoyed the mater paneer as well, but it was a little bland -- no spice to speak of. We also ordered a side of chipati and it was perfection-- light, fluffy, buttery, chewy goodness.The ambiance was pretty casual, and the walls had a weird, braille-like texture.3.5 stars, rounded up.
Rava dosa and sambhar are the best. Uttapam was ok.
My friends and I came here for their lunch buffet and it was by far one of the best lunch buffet we have had in NYC.  We are from the southern part of India (the Chennai region from the name of the restaurant)  and the food made us nostalgic.  The rasam(lentil based soup) and sambar were just perfect.  The sambar I get in NY most of the time is the sweeter version which I never fancy.  The sambar was perfectly spiced and the rasam was good.  Though I would have preferred a little more heat in the rasam.  The chutneys were just yum and authentic. The chapati and mini oothapams were very traditional. We are looking forward to trying the buffet again.
We wanted to expand our  South Indian cuisine choice from the usual place we always go too. It is good to try something new right?Tiffin Wallah had good reviews and similar offerings to our usual favorite. The interior is a bit dim but then it could have been the snowy day which we decided to try here. Service is upbeat and friendly. Our water was filled promptly and food came out timely. We ordered the  Rava Masla dosa and the Tiffin Wallah Thali. The dosa was a bit thicker and more filling comparing. The Thali had a nice but smaller selection that came with rice and bread. It was more than enough for both of us and the sauces were all delicious.We certainly have found another place to enjoy South Indian food. And variety is the spice of life right?
Food is very great good, pleasant staff, simple clean environment.Kosher, Vegetarian, some Vegan avalible.
I'm bumping up Tiffin Wallah from my previous review of four stars! The place is just absolutely delicious! I love their onion rava dosa, it is super crisp and super flavorful as a dosa should be. The chutneys it comes with are delicious especially the coconut one! Another thing that makes me bump Tiffin Wallah up to 5 stars is the sambar, which isn't spicy and has great flavor to it. On a recent visit my husband ordered the Pondicherry dosa, which is dosa stuffed with a vegetable mixture and spices....absolutely delicious! It is much better then a regular masala dosa, I feel the mixture is much tastier and don't worry its not too spicy either! We also tried their curd rice, which I fell in love with and am now obsessing over....the sad part is I don't even like curd rice...that is how good it is! The service here has also gotten better, the waiters are more patient, they actually smile at you and make a genuine effort to make you feel welcome. So if you're looking for a dosa fix or just good South Indian food then you must come and try Tiffin Wallah!
Ordered via Seamless and went by to pick up. Originally it said 20 minutes, but within 2 minutes I got a text that my food was ready for pick up. So I wouldn't trust the delivery time via seamless.... or next time I will put a pickup time in so I don't get cold food. I ordered Spinach Masala Dosa. Per the menu description it said sada dosa filled with spinach masala & cheese. I assumed that meant spinach and paneer. That's not what I got... when I picked it up the guy said spinach dosa and handed to me... But it was potato and peas in the dosa. It was great.. but unexpected and not what I ordered. Dosa came with coconut chutney & sambar. The chutney was awesome. I had never heard of sambar before.. but it was good too. Spicy. Nice taste.So cold food and wrong order.... but it still tasted great =)Oh other thing to note, the name is small on building under another name. I walked past the building twice before I found it.. Tricky tricky.
My family and I have been eating at Chennai Garden for years. Venkat is a great host and always prepares dishes with the adjustments we'd like. Nikuja, server, is new but excellent. Their dosa with chili, cheese and onion is delicious. Sambar is also delicious. They even accommodate my mom, who eats food without onion and garlic. Some of the best South Indian food in the world.
Very authentic South Indian fare. Loved the food and the vibe at this cozy restaurant
Love the food! Its always hard to pick one thing to eat. Idli-vada dunked in Sambhar and Mysore Masala dosa are my favorite... highly recommend.
I've been here many times over the past few years.  Kosher Indian, delicious and fresh.  Whenever I come, my little group always splits everything which is the best-bites of each dish.  Get a dosa for sure as well as an uttapam!
Nice atmosphere and good food. It wasn't super spicy, which I missed, nor was it miles better than other similar places in this area. Still, I would go again!
Delicious. Well prepared. Prompt service. Portions are pretty large. I'll definitely be back.
I've been dining here for years and never disappointed!  Venkat and the rest of the team is very attentive and really cares about every customer!!! I highly recommend Tiffinwalla to anyone who is in the mood for delicious dosas and South Indian delicacies.
Came here on a Friday evening and made reservations for 5. When we got here, we were immediately seated. For drinks, we got the sweet mango lassi and chaas. I've always been a fan of mango lassi so hence I wanted to try their sweet version. I didn't know there was a salty version of it so I'll have to give it a try next time around. Their mango lassi is good but I much prefer the one at Dosa Hut because theirs is thicker with more mango flavor. This one seemed a little watered down and they don't give you a lot for the price they charge. I wish they gave you the mango lassi in the water cup that they give you.Might be a slightly better bargain. The chaas was interesting. It's a spicy yogurt drink. I think it's an acquired taste. You either like it or you don't.  I was okay with it but not my preferred beverage.For appetizers, we got the Papri Chaat and Dahi Vada.Out of the 2, I preferred the papri chaat. It's like indian tortilla chips with their own version of salsa. I could eat these all day long. What made it stand out for me was the tamarind sauce and date chutney. Loved how all the flavors blended together and really enhanced the dish. The crispies added the crunch that was much needed to the dish. For the dahi vada, it's sort of like a donut but using the same sauce. It's a similar yogurt sauce. The fried vadas weren't hard at all. Fairly soft, which was good. They soaked it in the yogurt sauce but the flavors didn't really seep into the dough. I don't think it's supposed to. In any case, it was good.For main course, we got the Pondicherry Masala Dosa, Palak Paneer, Vermicelli Upma, Uttapam (we kind of made our own and had onions, garlic, some kind of vegetable), and stuffed paratha (onion and chilli powder).The pondicherry dosa was excellent. I'm glad we were able to order that special. They were nice enough to have already pre-cut the dish into 4 large pieces for us. The red onions were fresh and the chili wasn't that strong. The three sauces that came with it were excellent as well. I preferred the green sauce because it had shredded coconut in it. The middle sauce was more of an orange color but I forgot what it was made out of. It wasn't spicy at all. Regardless, I liked this sauce as well. The palak paneer was amazing!! I think this was the best dish of the night. The creamed spinach and cheese just worked well with each other. The rice that came with the dish was cooked perfectly. The combinations of flavors elevated the dish where I thought the vegetable used was the chinese water chestnut vegetable. But it was spinach. I highly recommend this dish.The vermicelli upma was very good as well. I wished it had more vegetable ingredients added to it but it was flavorful nonetheless. Not spicy at all and probably a little sweeter than their other dishes. Amongst other dishes that we had that would be served as breakfast back in India, they also told us that this dish is something they would eat for breakfast as well. As for the uttapam, which I like to call it their version of pizza was very good. if you like spicy, this would be a dish to get. They make it spicy with the onions and garlic, not chili powder which is great! It was fried well, not overly oily and I recommend complementing this dish with the sauces they give you.Our last dish was stuffed paratha. This was my least favorite dish because they made it spicy using chili powder. Granted it was really really spicy, even for me but it just didn't taste good. You can make things spicy and still have it tasteful. This wasn't the case for this dish. They should have made it spicy with other vegetables. It was a shame because the dough was cooked well. The dish just didn't come together.For dessert we had the Rasmalai and Kulfi.Absolutely loved both desserts. It definitely helped calm the fire in my mouth =P  My favorite out of the two would be the rasmalai. Loved the cardamon cream and the fluffiness of the cheese. It wasn't overpowering.As for service, they were very attentive to our waters and came regularly to fill it up.  They were also patient with us because we kept ordering food. We kept the menu at the table and we just ordered as we went along until we were full. I'm glad they were receptive to this. Overall we thoroughly enjoyed this place and will definitely be coming back here again. I'm glad that we first came here with people from India so we were able to taste a bit of everything and not just order their standard mixed platter.
My favorite Indian restaurant in the area. Working close by curry hill, I have tried so many Indian places around here, and Chennai Garden stands out - healthy flavorful fresh food, and price is right.Love this veggie restaurant! In the name of a meat lover.
I was at Chennai Garden for dinner on a thursday evening and ordered the South-Indian thali (platter). I am from the southern part of India and pretty much grew up to eating delicious Dosa (crispy crepe), Sambhar (lentil soup) and chutneys. Let me put it out there that I am a Sambhar enthusiast (almost) who has tried a wide variety of these delicious lentil soups. I found their Sambhar to be quite anti-climatic as it looked authentically southern indian but didn't taste anything close to the protein rich southern indian potage and almost tasted like MTR's frozen sambhar to me personally. Their dosas were on-point though their masal (potato filling) was under-spiced. I liked their masala chai which tasted wholesome and had the right amount of spice. Their thali costs $18 which is definitely on the steep side. Maybe that day was an exception, I will go again sometime and update this review then!
Tiffin wallah is the one of the best indian place that caters to vegetarian lovers. As a returned customer, I have always loved the combination of indian cuisine and vegetarian food. Instead of having healthy salad with simple taste or devouring unhealthy Pomme Frittes, tiffin wallah provides a great variety of vegetarian food choices including Dosa with Aloo(potato), masala curry with okra, and samosa with green peas, lentils and onions. It was not my first time trying indian actually Punjabi food, though I never desired to have a variety as if all in one. The service is professionally adored while the time of waiting for food never will disappoint us. Every time my best friend and I would like to explore different kinds. For me, this 2nd time visiting, Dosa masala blew my mind. It looks like a giant burrito with nothing as stuffing.
Best dosa I've eaten in years! I had the Onion Rava Masala Dosa. The chutneys were really good and the sambar was exceptional. Took me back to my childhood days eating the Sambar with white radish.
The North Indian food is not great but the dosas here are awesome. I go every few weekends for brunch - no crowds at noon. Try the pao bhaji too - it's quite good!
As an Indian-American who pines for her mother's homecooked food halfway across the country, and so occasionally dapples in cooking my own versions in my tiny NYC apartment, I appreciate this restaurant, and it's lack of bullshit in the food. For Indian food in NYC, this is pretty great and refreshingly NORMAL. There is an authentic flavor to all of the menu items, with no surprises, and no heavy oil or cream to upset the stomach. Cheers all around. I especially love the SAMOSA CHAAT and the GUJARATI THALI. I will occasionally go with a friend and one of us will get the Gujarati Thali and the other will get the TIFFIN WALLAH THALI, so we have a nice collection of various vegetables and breads (and sweets!). I have liked everything I have tried, including the South Indian Thali. The service is prompt, and love that they're "going green" with the little plants at every table! For no-bullshit, simple Indian food that has a great taste (nothing is particularly amazing, which means nothing is particularly surprising, either -- my kind of Indian food), definitely stop by here!
This restaurant has fantastic food and good service. It is easily recognizable from the street by its green awning, and the Kadai Paneer is positively addictive. I was very pleased with the dining experience there and would gladly refer friends.
I've worked with Tiffin Wallah for multiple years for catering 80-person dinners at a synagogue and they're a pleasure to work with. There is always more than enough food for the number of people we order for (not a given in the catering world) and the food quality is great, even reheated a couple hours later. Delivery is prompt and the manager and staff are great to work with. I would highly recommend Tiffin Wallah for catering meals
The food was overall good, but it could have been a lot better. I'm from Madras, and know the taste of South Indian food. I ordered Pongal, vada and filter coffee. Everything was served extremely hot that I burnt my tongue. No even bothered to ask about how the food was. They were busy serving alcohol to other guests. I felt uncomfortable that alcohol was served in a vegetarian restaurant.
Came here twice so far: once for their weekday lunch buffet and another for their dinner. The lunch buffet is one of the best ones I have seen for South Indian restaurants in NYC. They have a lot of varieties in curries and many of non-vegetarian friends seemed to like the offerings as well. The rasams and sambhar here is really good. Their desserts were a little bland and there is not much variety in this section.I had the coconut rava dosa for dinner and I was very surprised at how good it was. I have many rava dosas at home and usually prefer to not order it at restaurants but this one was especially good and the sprinklings of coconut pieces throughout the dosa make for a great taste complemented with the chutneys and sambhar. Would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for some really good south indian food in NYC!
The cashier short-changed me four dollars on my lunch check, so I won't go back; in any case, the food is only so-so.
As a self-appointed "thali connoisseur" I was happy to get a chance to try Tiffin Wallah with a few friends recently. For those of you not in the know, a thali is an Indian dish in which you receive a tray of small dishes and other delicious snacks so you get to try a bit of everything. Tiffin Wallah has (probably) the most extensive thali menu I've seen with a number of options, each of which comes with a lot of food. I tried the classic Tiffin Wallah thali which came with an eye-popping assortment of things. It's really a classic mix of Indian fried snacks like samosas and pakoras along with a few dals, curries and a sweet to finish it off. I think this is a great way to enjoy a few of the restaurant's dishes, and paired with a Kingfisher beer takes me right back to India, at least momentarily.Tiffin Wallah is a vegetarian-only restaurant which means your meat-loving friends may not love it, but I think they have a varied and interesting enough menu so that even people who might not like spice or strong curries could still enjoy a meal here. We found the service to be good - prompt and courteous. Overall, a recommended stop in Curry Hill and more so if you're looking for a great thali.
Love this place!  Been eating here since their first week.  Spice levels can sometimes vary but food quality is always excellent. The team working here is terrific, very welcoming and attentive.  Dosas are the best in the neighborhood, uttappams are very good, and Punjabi curries are very tasty.  Highly recommended restaurant and worth making the journey to eat here.
My sis and I went here just in time for their lunch buffet. It was around 2pm and luckily it wasn't crowded The fooomd was incredible and I really enjoyed the service was pretty good. The staff were very friendly and accomodating. This is vegetarian, and I am a meat lover but I enjoyed every bit of the foods here! Make sure to come here with an empty stomach, I ate around 2rounds as it was too irresistable ! ! : )This place is awesome for large groups or family and the interiors of the restaurant is very homely and very clean too! Sadly I did not try their dosas but I will definitely come back to try it! And do order the Masala Chai, seriously the best tea I've ever had!  I also tried the Kheer (rice pudding)for dessert  and I fell in love with it! We were super stuffed when we came out :D
Very reasonably priced compared to the other Indian restaurants I've been to around the area. Each dish was $11-$17 on average, and the dosas are huge! Very fun to eat. I loved the three dipping sauces as well. I don't eat Indian food often but this was one of my favorite. Very balanced and not too heavy and my boyfriend and I both got vegetarian dishes which were jam packed with so much flavor. My carnivore boyfriend was impressed and loved the veggie meatball dish, I got the chickpea/potato/red pepper dish. Lovely place and will come back for lunch!!
We got home delivery! The Dosa was cold however the sambar was tasty! Would recommend going to the restaurant to eat versus getting it delivered.
Wanted to eat some vegetarian and Indian food. Chennai Tiffin Wallah really was quite a lovely find on Curry Hill. We ordered Baingan bharta and a Mysore Rava Masala Dosa, which was so large and filling. The food is really good, inexpensive, and the location is convenient. There is a great spice store across the street (below curry in a hurry).I thought the Nepalese waiter was really helpful, kind, and full of good stories. He made our dinner even more enjoyable for us last night.
I enjoyed this place a lot. I got the South Indian Thali and samosa appetizer--both were great. The wait staff was helpful in making suggestions.
Unlike many of their other reviewers I stepped in here and had dinner. I ordered the South Indian version of the thali. It was simply delicious. The food was plentiful hot and freshly made. What more can you ask for. It was also a great value. I plan on returning soon.
Food :  GoodAmbience : Could turn down the music a bitOverall : Totally worth a visit! :) :)
Been here 4 times. Food is good. Dosas are very nice. Sambar is little sweet, which I didnt like. Tried the aviyal once and it was good. The service is not so good. The guy taking the orders/ serving the food was sometimes rude, have not seen him smiling once in the last 4 visits.
I was looking forward to going to this place after reading the good reviews but it did not live up to the hype.Pros: Good foodCons: Service isn't thoughtful and atmosphere is rushed and busyThis place can't decide if they are a casual place or a restaurant. They should probably save themselves the waitstaff and just set up an order window and let people seat themselves.While one waiter was very attentive and brought our food and water quickly, the other host just waved us to a table. I've noticed a trend in restaurants where there are not any women working; it's just a quick turnover place with very little comfort.The food is very good
In pregnancy I crave this place at least once a week.It is not only fabulous, it is amazing, stupendous, delicious, beyond explosions of flavor!I've only been there for buffet lunch and it is us yum.
1. Good Ambience. 2. Something really really very close to real Indian food taste wise. 3. Value for money- good value for the variety in buffet4. Staff is really friendly and make sure you are comfortable. 5. Only drawback- it's a pure veg restaurant. MUST TRY FOR ITS AUTHENTIC TASTE.
The South Indian dishes were seriously delicious (especially the Coconut Rava dosa) and I'm pretty sure we ate way too much because it was so good.  The Rasam was delicious too (and very spicy), and my parents loved it because it tasted just like what you'd find in India.  We'll definitely be going back the next time we're in NYC!
In a nutshell: Bad service. Minimal buffet offerings (three dishes, that's it). Definitely not coming back.Came for lunch buffet with the wife. Asked for a table for two. Waiter attempted to seat us in a dingy corner of the restaurant. I said no because there were plenty of four seaters and another couple was sitting at one of these four seaters as well. I explained all of this to the waiter and still got resistance. I got all the way to the point of saying that I either sit at this perfectly empty table or I can just go to the next Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. Waiter says "Your choice." So, of course, I just sat. I had to tell him that we would move if a group of four came in and needed our table. Of course, this didn't happen. What a dick, tho. Why argue with customers about seating? In a city like ours where rent is astronomical, you're going to turn away business? Even at only $8.95 a person for lunch? Shakes my heads!The food was all right. But it was all stew-like and there were only three dishes being offered. There were two different rices, one naan substitute which was more like just fajita wraps and there were two different soup-like offerings (in addition to the three stew-like offerings), but of course, there were no bowls.For what it's worth, my wife did say that the vegetable stews tasted pretty good and felt clean. She's not a big Indian food aficionado so they get a star for that. Well, also because It's not possible to give them 0 or 0.5 star.
Amazing, great food, the crispy dosa is something  I'd never had. The outside looks kind of scary, but the inside is a nice atmosphere.
Fav spot in NYC for dosas Gunpowder masala dosa is must try.Service and ambiance is very nice.Good indian food.
management has changed.  The original owner is no longer there.  Food has taken a serious dive and the service is becoming weak.  I used to love it...now I doubt if I will go there again.
Excellent vegetarian spot!!!The dosa, which was new to me, was excellent... Food was very flavorful... Totally will be back ... The Tiffin Wallah appetizer for two was delightful...
Best place in New York for Dosa.....I have eaten here countless times and it is great. Mr. Venkat always makes sure I have a great experience and service is great.  No frills, no thrills, just Awesome Dosa!
Perhaps my favorite restaurant in NYC... Love the channa masala, palak paneer, malai kofta, dosas, rasam... Everything! Great and friendly staff- make it feel like home. Unbelievable all-u-can-eat weekday buffet for really low price- an amazing deal for Manhattan.There are many Indian restaurants in the neighborhood but I always choose this one. And no, I wasn't paid to write this.
Tiffin Wallah serves up delicious Indian food (with a main focus on South Indian) at a great price.  If you're around town during lunch, treat yourself to a well-spiced (no skimping) lunch buffet.  Otherwise, their dosas are top notch as well as some North Indian dishes I've tried like the Malai Kofta.  MMMM...gluttony.The only downfall may be perhaps the service.  It's not terrible, and it's not great.  Don't expect an excited, informative waiter.  But they'll make sure your needs are met.This is one of my fave Indian restaurants in the city.  Consistently delicious.
I love tiffin wallah. Vegan Indian can be so good and they do it well here. Definitely a treat to get a dosa every once in a while! The house salad can be skipped but the entrees, curries and dosas are awesome! Waitstaff is nice and hospitable as well. Definitely very casual and not an amazing decor but that's allgood as long as you know that ahead of time. Good prices too.
This place is one of my favorites - I come here whenever I just want some good, home-style Indian cooking that I would get in my mother's kitchen. The lunch buffet is simply excellent. I do all my business meetings here! Moreover, the waiters are caring and very efficient.
As a future inhabitant of New York, I have been told that Curry Hill is the place to go for good Indian food and that Tiffin Wallah / Chennai Garden is a great place for both North and South Indian cravings. We were planning on dining family style with the exception of the dosas which my friend told me were better to order individually (read: she wanted one for herself as they were too good to share -- I know now that she was right!).We ordered the medu vada, malai kofta, pulka, and our own dosas. As a lover of spicy food and with a yearning for my mom's own dosas, it was easy to decide to get to the Gunpower Masala Dosa, which was the antithesis of a disappointment. The gunpowder (a spice) was in the perfect quantity on the dosa and went well with their sambar. The dosa was wonderfully crispy -- something most dosa places can't get right. The malai kofta was also a crowd-pleaser as it was not too spicy so it was a welcome dish after we finished our dosas.We topped the evening off with their masala chai which made me want to teleport back to India right at the very moment. I knocked off one star because it was pricier than I expected but well worth it when you have a hankering for good Indian food in the city. I can't wait to come back to try more of their dishes!
Great Indian veggie option! Food is well made, and less oily than Saravana!Fills up quickly; small place!!
The ambience is good. The food is fair. The prices a bit high.  But then NYC rents make that happen. Idlis, and Dosas are what I crave most and I find the least of that taste good comparing to india, but this place does a fair job. I'll go again. And recommend it too.
I went on a Sunday evening. I was seated quickly (just for 2). I am not too familiar with Indian food and the servers weren't that helpful. I am vegan, so I just asked what's vegan what isn't and if I can substitute. They were accommodating. I ordered South Indian Thali without the dairy. I also ordered Gobi Manchurian - Wow it was soooo freaking good. It tasted like meat, but it was all cauliflower. The meal was definitely filling for two people to share. If you like spicy bold plant-based food - give it a try.
Chennai Garden is probably my favorite Indian restaurant in Manhattan.  The food is delicious and plentiful for a good price.  I love to go there with friends and enjoy the thali and the dosa especially. Looking forward to next trip!
Vegetarian Indian buffet that's great for lunch when you don't want to take a lot of time, but still expect quality, authenticity, pleasant surroundings, and not too pricey. People who know their way around Indian cuisine will do much better here. Tends to be pretty busy through the lunch period. Often they have dishes I am not familiar with, but hey- it's a buffet! Don't like something? Grab something else and keep on going. It is another place we always go back to, going on 7 or 8 years now. Note: the awning says Chenin Garden, but it's still Tiffin Wallah.
I still haven't come to Tiffin Wallah for their fantastic lunch buffet (very reasonable!!), but was able to come here for dinner with my friend Will yesterday.  All my friends I bring here are amazed by the food here.  They come wanting to eat MEAT but are left satisfied with the 100% vegetarian cuisine here.  Indian food specializes in veggie cuisine since there are many Hindu vegetarians!  Hence the food is the bomb!We had my usual favorites:- mango lassi = creamy and sumptuous- Indian masala chai = spiced, milky, and perfectly hot for a cold, wintry NYC night- masala dosa = delicious, creamy potatoes that are perfectly spiced with crispy yet soft lentil-based dosa, accompanied by sambar and coconut chutney (mmm mmm good!)- samosas = standard potato and channa (garbanzo bean) samosa, spiced just the right amount with turmeric, jeera (cumin seed), mustard and onion seed.  needless to say it was heaven accompanied with mint chutney and tamarind sauce- paneer saag = the only place I know where paneer saag has a cream base, which compliments the paneer very well.  Tiffin Wallah makes the best paneer saag I've ever tasted in my life... and I highly recommend getting this.- chapati = standard pan-fried flatbread, similar to a paratha/Chinese-style onion scallion pancake.  I've come to Tiffin Wallah 3 times for dinner and each time has been equally as impressive and delicious.  The only problem that I have is that I wish they had more flatbread (i.e. naan and roti) selection.  However, all my friends that I brought here liked the chapati as much as they liked naan/roti in the past--so the chapati still does a good job of complimenting the texture and rich tastes of the food.Might I add, the service here is great and has been great each and every time I've come here.  I love this place and continues to be one of my most favorite Indian restaurants in the USA! :)
Very wonderful service Food comes fastEverything we ordered blew our mindsAffordable pricesIt's all vegetarian!
This is just a review of the lunch buffet. I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a while after seeing all the glowing reviews, but I was extremely underwhelmed. The options are:White rice or saffron with peasCurries okra, spiced cabbage, or curried veggies (carrots, cauliflower, peas, tomatoes, zucchini, ect)--these weren't incredibly flavorful and there was nothing which you could even add an extra kick to itSalad (lettuce, anemic tomatoes, and cucumber)-- I didn't try the dressings, but I think you get the picture hereFried potato or onion--just fried, almost soggyNaan (I didn't get to taste because there was none left and they didn't refill it within the hour I was there)Some kind of sweet potato with sugar and chips (maybe puffed rice; this was dessert) almost too sweet for my taste, but an interesting textureService and other important factors:I don't know whether there is the option to order from the normal menu during lunch, but I assume so seeing as I was asked whether I had the buffet by one of the many guys who had been milling around the restaurant during my meal, therefore I would assume so. However, I was told to sit anywhere when I walked in and after waiting a few minutes to see a menu or be asked whether I would like something other than water to drink, I became frustrated and just figured I would try the buffet. (I've been to some really excellent ones in NJ during college and they didn't skimp on anything and would let you take home a bunch of food as well for $15!) If this buffet was supposed to encourage me to return to try their food, it did the exact opposite. There was no complexity to their curries or different vegetables. Oh and the guy trying to desperately take my plate when I was going to reuse it to get a little more (because I was hungry and didn't have breakfast) was beyond frustrating. No I do not want you taking my plate away so I can have a clean one, don't waste the water! And to top it off the price is now 8.95, with tax 9.75. Needless to say I have had much more satisfying meals for this price and I will not be returning. It's disappointing how few good Indian restaurants exist in the city anymore.
The ambiance is not the point, nor is the service necessarily overly friendly. The food is why you go there. One of the best vegetarian spots in town, and certainly a different experience from your regular Indian place. Impressive variety of curries, though I often get one of the Thali sets (warning: it's a significant amount of food). If you don't get a Thali, then make sure to order one of the Dosa crispy crepes. Not much choice of wine (red or white?), so go for the beer instead.
I really like this place and so does my Indian significant other.  They don't have the best idli's, vadas and dosas I've ever had but they're pretty good for New York! and most of the dishes we've had here are solid. Someone mentioned that the Thalli's are expensive - I'd agree but they're also pretty big and more than enough for sharing. We eat here for lunch often and spend about $35 for two.  Also, I'd definitely recommend ordering a la carte over the buffet.
Writing only re: the lunch buffet which is all I've ever had here.  Food is tasty, but perhaps a bit under-seasoned (which is always a danger on a buffet when the chefs are trying to please everybody in one shot, so I don't really take points off for that.)  One nice touch on the buffet: mini-uttapam.  But sometimes they are sitting there for quite a while and get a bit rubbery...so be sure to get a fresh one.My main gripe (and the only reason I don't give 4****) is the selection is a bit limited.  Really, they should offer one more main dish.  Of the 3 times i've been, one of the 3 main dishes on offer has always been cabbage, which is kind of a throwaway, and one has been something I don't like (last time, cauliflower), which is almost always gonna happen on a buffet for anybody.  So basically, that took it down to one, single substantial dish.  If they offered only one more, it would increase odds and experience exponentially IMHO.
Tried this place for a Friday dinner. Though the menu covers North Indian, Gujarati and South Indian dishes, it is more or less a South Indian restaurant. With that said, we ordered batata vada and masala papar to start followed by a spinach paneer dosa and a gunpowder dosa. The batata vada was really South Indian bonda, not Gujarati/ Mumbai batata vada. The gun powder dosa was true to its name and excruciatingly SPICY. The spinach part of the second dosa was fine. However instead of chunks of paneer, it had a potato filling with some shaved paneer mixed in. What the hell? Sambhar and chutney were fine. Overall, meah not bad but we wouldn't come back again.
What happened to Tiffin Wallah?! I've been coming here forever, but It seems that along with its name change, the food has changed too...FOR THE WORSE! The $8.95 lunch buffet (one of the few purely vegetarian ones) was by far the worst I've had in Curry Hill. And trust me, I've had a LOT of lunches in the area. First off all, there wasn't much of a variety. In the main section, there were three main dishes of green beans and potatoes, aloo gobhi (minus the aloo), and palak paneer, followed by accompaniments of plain rice, pulao, chapatti, sambar, and mini uttapam. On the side tables, there was some papad, an assortment of chutneys, achar, and kheer for dessert. While to some this may sound like more than enough, compared to most of the Indian places in the area, Tiffin Wallah/Chennai Garden paled in comparison, especially given that there were only three main dishes. Now let's talk quality:- Each of the main dishes was literally SWIMMING in heavy oil and they were all quite bland. The palak paneer in particular was the strangest variation I've ever seen with more cream than palak and an odd orangey color. - The papad was stale and broken in pieces because of the tongs people had to pick them up with. Who picks up a thin wafery papad with tongs?! It would've been much better if they gave us a basket at the table instead like every other Indian place I've been to. - I was excited to see the mini uttapam because you NEVER see them in a buffet, but alas, this too was lackluster, as they didn't have the fresh off the griddle crisp due to the fact that they had been sitting there for a long time. - The kheer, sambhar, pulao, and chapatti, were all the best of the worst and at least were decent. Overall, yes it's a super cheap lunch, but I'd gladly pay up a couple of bucks more to have some more quality. But that being said, I've had some great South Indian thalis here so I'd be willing to come back for a la carte dosas.
Good samosa chaat and my pondicherry dosa was nice and spicy, I like my rasam a little hotter but it wasn't lacking in flavor.There's all these strange dots on the wall and I wonder if they're braille. I don't think they are though.Anyways, if you're there on a weekend, theres additional menu items on the back do look out for that.
Really enjoyed this vegetarian south indian place.  Asked the waitress for suggestions and she steered us towards the big metal plates that contain at least 10 items that go together.  We each had one and shared.  The place is spacious and service is very friendly.  Hope to return.
The first thing you might notice when you get the dinner menu is just how long it is.  There are a lot of choices.  Many of the items would be unfamiliar to many visitors, which could make the task of choosing an item daunting.  I went with the south Indian thali since I came here for relatively hard-to-find south Indian cuisine, rather than the far-more-common north Indian dishes.  Not long after ordering, a large platter arrived that included a traditional dosa on top of a pancake with two other carb items whose names I forget and several chutneys (including mango and coconut).  The food was tasty and very filling.  I couldn't finish the dish and still felt full the next morning.  Prices are moderate.  The decor was simple.  Service was unobtrusive.  If I'll be in the area for lunch, I'd definitely try that (I love trying a little bit of everything at Indian-food buffets -- on the rare occasions I go).
Authentic Indian food with exciting flavors. We are a regular at this place and have never been disappointed with the quality of food. The manager of the place is a nice humble guy who would suggest you new things that one should try. Many people prefer to go to the usual sarvana's which is good as well but should give this place a try. Try their Bhel Puri.
My family may be from Northern India but I can't deny myself the Southern treats. I'm a big fan of dosas and idlis accompanied by sambar. The biggest ordeal with these dishes is that the sambar be flavorful. It makes or breaks the dish. In this case, TW does an excellent job. The chole bhatura is excellent as well. Really, really good. Order a mango lassi to cut the spice and heat - it's the perfect combo.I've been here several times, with parents, family and friends. Many people who aren't Indian are caught off guard by the all vegetarian menu but when you think about Indian food, it's so flavorful that vegetarian is just fine. Service is fast and polite but not overbearing. The place is clean which can sometimes be iffy in an asian restaurant. I've come back many times and it never disappoints me or who I'm with. Check it out if you're okay with venturing away from chicken tikka masala and onto something more authentic and different.
Excellent South Indian food at very reasonable prices. My wife and I had thalis--Tiffin Wallah and South Indian.  Good service also.
I've had several of their dosas and they were about the best dosas I've ever had. Typically, I'd go to House of Dosas in Hicksville but it looks like Tiffin Wallah may have trumped my usual favorite place.The 3 dosas (weekend specials) I've tried were Pondichery, Coconut Rava Masala, and Mysore Rava Masala. All three were fanstatic and it's tough to pick out a favorite. Each had their distinct flavors but not overpowering. For instance, you can definitely tatste the coconut but it isn't overwhelming to the point that you don't tatste much of anything else. The dosa wrapping is crispy but not dry, oily but not too greasy. I'd recocommend sharing among your friends so you'll get a taste of different things and make your experience more diverse. If you're not familiar with any items you might be interested in, make sure you ask for explanation/more detailed description. The hostess was very helpful without being patronizing. He also appeared to be curious (not explicitly though) about our experience and whether we enjoyed our food or not. The place is not hard to find but the restaurant sign isn't that visible especially if you look for the words Tiffin Wallah, which are small not easy to read from the street. I have not had other items on the menu or tried their buffe but as soon as I do I'll update this review accordingly.
Dined here tonight for the first time and one word describes it---fantastic.Located in a neighborhood where Indian restaurants are abundant, I went here based on my friend's recommendation--b/c she knows her stuff and good food.I liked the atmosphere of Tiffin Wallah--it was nicely decorated, clean and well lit. it is also vegetarian.I was a bit disappointed to see a C grade from the Department of Health on the door,  but another Yelp review revealed that it is due to food temperature controls most likely during the lunch buffet.  I'm not too familiar with the food and terminology from the South of India so reading the menu was a little intimidating. The menu was extensive from Tiffins (Indian for light meal or appetizer) and Dosas ( crepe-like) to Gujarati and Punjabi curries. But it was the Thali that caught my eye. Thali is basically an Indian & Nepalese meal made up of a selection of various dishes. Thali dishes vary from different regions and served in small bowls. Dessert is also included.  I ordered the South India Thali which included a delicious pancake and a dosa stuffed with potatoes. My friend chose the Tiffin Wallah Thali which included papadum and palak paneer. In a word, AMAZING. We shared a large Kingfisher beer which complimented our meal perfectly.Originally, I thought of ordering an appetizer but glad I didn't b/c the Thali was very filling. In fact, I had to take the rest of  mine home.I'm already thinking of my next visit to Tiffin Wallah, that's how much I enjoyed it.It's really good food and was a critic's pick of NYMAG.And the prices are reasonable. I was surprised to see another Yelp review mention that the prices are moderate--they're actually quiet inexpensive as the most you'll pay for an average entrée is $16 (for the Thali). All other entrees average at $10!We left spending $25 each, full and completely satisfied.I'm a fan!
Came to NYC for 6 days and the first 2 days were tough to find a good Indian Resturant. We found this place on Yelp and checked the reviews, so decided to be at this place.If you all looking for a true authentic India food then THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE AT!! The taste was awesome and true. The chole was truly awesome. We went here for rest of the 4 days and ordered the thali, dosa's, chaat etc. Everything we ate here had the true Indian taste unlike the other Indian restaurants in America.Also, not only the food but the customer service was very good too. They were very attentive and helpful.Good job !!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!
Wait, I thought I wrote a review for this place already!Well now. This used to be my go to spot. I'd come here for the great dosas and so so service, just chatting the night away. Today my sis and I were salivating for the lunch special. Upon entering we were offered seats right next to the drafty door. I asked if there were other seats, but they said we would have to wait. Okay, no problem, no rush. As we stood next to the door, waiting for someone to get up from their seats one of the servers, who had at least six plates stacked up on top of each other along with a plate full of relishes at the top spun too fast around and dropped everything. The relish crashed to the ground and then flew up in my face, landing on my amazing vintage coat, pants, shoes and in my face and eyes. As I felt the sting of the relish I rushed to get some water in my eyes. While doing this the whole restaurant stopped what they were doing. There was no concern over our ruined clothes, my dry cleaning bill I'd have to pay, nothing. As I washed my eyes out in front of everyone the server gave the whackest "sorry". No towels were handed to us, nothing. My sister and I looked as though we just got paintballed. Instead of still standing there, waiting for a table that seemed like it wouldn't appear we left. Never to return. Ugh, I put up with the service because I liked the food, but this was just the end of things. I won't be back. Found another place with food just as good and service that's so much better.
Dinner for 2: papri chaat, dosa (forgot which...doesn't matter as the crepe is always the best part!) and Gujarathi thali. Absolutely delicious. The kachori and the poori were standouts. Lots of leftovers (due to good sized portions and being less than completely ready for dinner; had show tickets nearby and no time to eat afterwards).  Service was OK but could be better. No one was around when we needed them and when they were there, they were pestering us to clear plates that we were still working on. Yes, I want it both ways; or better yet, I want an equal balance which they didn't quite achieve. This shouldn't keep you from eating here...still a 4 star experience.
As a woman of few words, if I take the time to write a review...then the food must be damn good!.  My entire experience made me think-just....maybe.......i..could....survive ...a vegetarian lifestyle!:) what!..who said that!Go! you wont regret the experience.
Possibly the best Indian food in NYC. Have eaten here many times and have never been disappointed. Portions are large and staff friendly. The nan is delicious. I have only tried the vegetarian options, of which there are many, and the level of spice has been right on. Restaurant can get busy but take away is not a problem, if you can find the entrance.
I went here with my mom for the lunch special today. They offer a variety of food, ranging from appetizers to entrees and even include dessert, all for 8.99. The staff is very friendly and helpful and they said that they switch around the lunch buffet menu everyday to avoid monotony. Highly recommended!
Winer winer Indian Platter!Perfect spot for lunch.  $7.95 for buffet or curry and rice or masala dosa.  Vegetarian dishes only.  I went for the curry and rice option since I have a meeting right after which I couldn't afford a food coma.  My friend got the buffet and boy I am already trying to think for the next time I can go there!!!I got the veggie meatball curry. So so good.  It can be spicy but they refill your water so often.  I appreciate the fact they didn't try to rush us.Come early to avoid the wait, especially if you come with a big crowd.
The atmosphere is very humble here with artsy décor and lime green accents.  It is like an Anthropologie store merged with an Indian Café.  Even a little live plant in a green bucket is your table decoration.  You must order the:-Chaat :  It is not greasy at all and all of the ingredients are very fresh, great for sharing.  -Dosa : Very thin and great fillings, everyone around you will be ordering them.-Thali : A great way to sample many of the items that they have to offer here.The Coconut Chutney is also their specialty, which you can dip almost anything in.  The Paneer and the Chan Masala is also very delicious.  All of their veggie dishes are very creamy and contain whole curry leaves for fresh flavor.  All of the dishes here are very clean tasting, not jumbled up with too many ingredients and grease.  There is no reason to order meat dishes here because the veggie dishes are satisfying.  There is a very diverse fan base here, so everyone is welcome and feels comfortable.
I'd noticed this place a few times looking for Indian places on Yelp, but it was always too far from my old office for me to take the trek. Fortunately, I work out of the WeWork in Madison Square park and this place is just a stones throw away. I came for the lunch special as most other people have. It's a great deal @ $8.95 for the buffett. When I was there they had the standard chutneys, pakoras, and chapati*. Two types of rices and three different vegetarian entrees. Not sure if it's always vegetarian or if they some times serve meat, but the veggie options were well spiced and didn't leave me wanting. I will definitely be back again when my indian food cravings strike.*Side note: I  think I'm actually more of a fan of chapati than naan. Chapati is kind of a like an Indian tortilla much less doughy than naan.
If you want to pig out on vegetarian Indian food.  This is your spot as its pretty much all vegetarian.And for 10 dollars including your 2 dollar tip... you really can not go wrong.They are constantly refiling the Nan so its always super hot and fresh.
Sigh~ I love this place. I first discovered Tiffin Wallah back in 2007 when I was working a federal work study job just across the street. My friend and I decided to randomly check out the place during lunch, and yay! Super affordable lunch buffet! Not only was it super affordable, it was super tasty, too! And everything was vegetarian friendly!! A dream come true! So many exclamation points!!!!!Fast forward 4-5 years later, and I revisit this place with some other friends. I have not had the chance to go back to their lunch buffet, but I will one day. I also haven't had a chance to sample any of their dosas but I'm a huge fan of their papri chaat dish and their kadhai paneer masala. I've also had their namesake dish, the tiffin wallah thali dinner set, which was massive, tasty, and nicely priced. Even my meat eating friends didn't miss the lack of meat in their dishes. This place knows how to make their dishes exquisitely seasoned and flavorful and if you're ever in Murray Hill, be sure to check this gem out!
Awesome south indian food. Don't know why someone would ever go to saravana Bhavan. This has better tasting food, better ambiance and has an A rating for cleanliness (vs. B for saravana bhavan )
Who the heck is giving this place 4 stars? I rarely walk out of a place extremely pissed off because of the QUALITY of the food (Im normally angry about the price). This case was BOTH.9.75 for the buffett for one person. the food was mediocre,really quite cheap and crappy options for a vegetarian menu. for what youre charging you should put some paneer or other things.There were no APPETIZERS. no samosas, no pakoras.The food was the cheapest thing they could make in bulk. some eggplant thing and dhal. really just 4 options. They wouldnt even make Naan, they cheap out and mass produce chappatti's.They leave soda cans out in a bucket for you to get, and they charge you for each one you take. the whole restaurant is similar to that of a run down mcdonalds - not clean, VERY CHEAP looking. I would never come back here. I cant believe this place is even in business anymore.
My friend and I walked into Tiffin Wallah today as a result of trying to find a restaurant neither of us had gone to. Naturally we were both starving (even after sitting through constant head busting and alien tentacles in the newly released Prometheus flick) and decided Indian would do the trick. Thank you Yelp for this recommendation.Tiffin Wallah is great because it doesn't try too hard. That and let's just say we were the only table with patrons who weren't in any way associated with the culture. You know the food is good when that happens.My friend and I both opted for the Tiffin Wallah dinner plates. If you are indecisive and love to have many options, this is perfect. You get to try little bits of their best stuff. The Saag Paneer was my favorite on the whole plate. Creamy, rich, salty . . . all kinds of dippable goodness. The Raita and Chana Masala are also very good. The only thing I was not a huge fan of was the chutney (the pieces of lemon rind were just too much for me). But what made up for it was the rice pudding that comes with it (perfect portion if you just want something sweet but don't want to order a whole dessert).The service was okay. The waiter wasn't too talkative and he wasn't really enthusiastic when I asked him what he recommended, but hey, I know service jobs and maybe it just wasn't his day.Overall, I'd recommend this place to anyone in the mood for some Indian in the area. I know I'm coming back for sure!
This place is my favorite in Little India.  Really awesome food, tasty dishes and pretty quick service.  All vegetarian with great variety.  Fairly priced and everything tastes so fresh!
Minus many stars for the food quality. We loved this place so much in 2013, we went back here again on our trip to NYC this year. Ordered the mysore masala dosa, which was SO spicy, that one day later, I'm STILL regretting my decision to go back there. The funny part is that they didn't even check our spice levels beforehand, which is quite normal, at 3/5. This felt like 4.5/5. All three dosas had the same spice level and when we ordered chaas to cool it off, the buttermilk came with chillis in it too! My poor tummy. If this can happen to an Indian, I'm really wondering how Americans are giving such high reviews.Don't know if the management or cook has changed, but the dosa's texture wasn't that great either. Next time, I'm going to a more palette and tummy friendly place. :(
If you want hearty, delicious South Indian food, you come here. You won't be disappointed. I've been here several times - just last weekend with a close friend. This is definitely my most highly recommended South Indian joint. South Indian usually means vegetarian so forget the Chicken Tikkas and Lamb Curry. I'm pretty sure even you meatatarians will leave your  'veggist' attitudes behind. :o)I love the 'gobi (cauliflower) manchurian. I remember that one time I went, the chefs that day over did it with the salt, but that's been my only complaint about this restaurant, out of the several times I've been here. Some places do gobi manchurian dry, but here it's done with a delicious and rich red color sauce. The samosa chaat is some of the best I've had. One time I was blown away by a chaat at an Indian restaurant in Arlington, Virginia. This one doesn't come close to that, but it's still really tasty and a great way to start the meal. I think the serving can be perfectly split for two appetites. Their dosas are fantastic and the portions are big. I've gotten the mysore masala many times for that extra kick. The crepe is a little thicker and more filling and folded in a triangular fashion, unlike your traditional dosas. The onion rava masala dosa is very tasty. I like how the onion is completely incorporated into the crepe. The decor is simple and modern. In my experience, I've never had to wait. It seems like customers are always in and out of Tiffin Wallah at the right pace. The servers are very attentive and polite. This is a no gimmick, quiet vegetarian Indian restaurant with excellent food.
Tiffin Wallah may be fun to say, but its even more fun to eat here! A neighborhood staple of vegetarian South Indian food, Tiffin Wallah has plenty of delicious options that will satisfy even the most finicky of carnivores. I ordered the masala dosa - crispy, flavorful,  filling without being overwhelming. The filling was a little cold, but the delicious crepe and the sambars made up for it entirely.Perry had the aloo gobi - warm, spicy, delish and finger licking good, this dish comes with basmati rice to soak up every last bit of gravy.We both enjoyed the masala chai - a small serving of caffienated deliciousness. Don't compare it to Starbucks - this is REAL chai made with REAL milk in all of its fragrant glory and sugar to your liking.All together, a 3.5 star meal. I'm going to go back for the buffet - I want to try so many more things on the menu!
Had the gobi Manchurian and the south Indian thali. Gobi Manchurian was dressed well.. Just wish it wasn't too tangy think it could have been a little sweeter but it was still very tasty!  The dosa was delicious!! The chutneys and sambar were perfect! I wasn't too crazy about the medu vada but the uttapam was good. I'm not a fan of idli but when I had it there it was moist and fluffy, not dry and grainy which is what I usually have experienced causing me to hate idli.
I keep forgetting to write a review for this place. Every time I'm in NY, I make it a point to stop by this vegetarian restaurant. Plus it's conveniently located.  I'm a huge fan of Indian food, not so much vegetarian. But I have to say, Tiffin Wallah makes me forget I'm not eating meat. Note though, this is more of a Southern Indian cuisine. It would be more unique if they served it traditional Tamil style...on banana leaf. It would be more "green". However....Still very good and a slight change from the normal Northern Indian fare. Pricing is unbelievably low for the quality of food they serve. Lunch Buffet had a good selection, especially since there's not meat dishes. Dosa was yummy.
Cozy South Indian - Vegetarian Restaurant in Curry HillI enjoyed EVERY dish that I have ever had here.  My food was not that spicy (would have been nice if it had a little more kick), and unfortunately Srini arrived too late to help me order.Weekday lunch is great.  Weekend Brunch is a STEAL!Date Rating: 5Pick up Scale: 2Strong Suggestion: Come hungry, portions are large.
Best dosa I have had in New York so far. We ordered  rava masala dosa, Mysore masala dosa and a idli vada combo plate. Every thing tasted fresh and delicious! The service was quick and attentive. Will visit again soon to try other items on the menu.
I went here with a friend who is Indian. He is a vegetarian but I am not but likes this place a lot so we went. We all had a great time and LOVED the food. I could easily go vegetarian if I could cook like this!!!This place is dirt cheap!!
Definitely more of a 3.5 star kinda place.I dropped by for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by this completely vegetarian buffet. For $7.95 ($8.66 with tax), you get a small but tasty buffet sampling with salad, different sauces, 2 types of rice, 2 soups, and 3-4 dishes to choose from. I only wish there were more vegetables in the buffet. The offering was too starchy for my taste with the rices and potatoes. Otherwise, everything was flavored well. For dessert, there is this fried cracker covered in honey and sesame seeds that was a nice and sweet finish to the meal.The interior is nice and clean. Service was attentive and quick. You walk up to the cashier to pay your bill. Overall, nice lunch. I'm interested to come back for dinner one day.
Perfect amount of food when ordering out. I wish they had their lunch special on Sundays or Saturdays. I don't work in the area and would love to try out some of their dishes I wouldn't normally order. Great palak paneer and chickpea dishes. Nom. Excellent take out services. Super quick and friendly.
I guess it wasn't quite what I expected. First I was confused by the name change. I guess it's called "Chennai Garden" now. The decor is nice and clean. I don't think any of the customers were Indian which threw me off. If I hadn't found it through Yelp first, I probably would have passed on it because of the lack of Indian customers there. The food itself wasn't bad. Lunch buffet is very reasonably priced. In the end, if I wanted vegetarian Indian, I think I'd prefer to go to Saravanas for their special lunch thali.
This is easily the best Indian food I've ever had and its all vegetarian, and mostly vegan. We got the large platters, between three of us we picked three.  The waiters were very helpful in helping us choose, and we were not disappointed by their selections.  The spices were all very rich and creamy, there was a huge diversity in the different foods we got.  One minor drawback?  There was a good amount of deep fried food, but as a once and while place it's totally fine. I 100% recommend this place to vegetarians and meat eaters!
Current listed hours are wrong! Monday through friday they open until 3PM, and reopen at 5PM for dinner service. Hopefully Yelp updates soon. Store is 'Chennai Garden by Tiffen Wallah'  -  we walked right past it! There is, unfortunately, a place on lexington that is 127E as well that makes it a bit confusing. Look for the green sign!My SO and I got the Tiffen Assortment to share, which came with two tiffens (a sweet sauce whose name escapes me, and a mint chutney), as well as a pakoda, samosa, and some other fried treats (Onion and Bell Pepper). I think my SO was expecting moresides (e.g. sambar, rasamalai, etc.) to fried finger foods, but they were good. Pakoda a bit too oily for my tastes, but thats the nature of it.I had the rava masala dosa, and it was delicious. Hints of cumin and that familar dosa flavor along with some sambar or what I think was a coconut chutney complemented the slightly-spicy potato filling very well. Wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be, and I always thought I had a low spice tolerance. My SO had a harder time with it though, so I suppose your results may vary depending on your sensitivity to spice (heat).Service was good, though I think we may have irritated an older couple next to us. Then again, if they had a problem with seeing an Indian male going out with a non-indian female, they probably should have stayed in India.The decor is a bit odd - the ping-pong wall pattern is a bit strange all things considered and many are punched in. They should really list their hours on their storefront as well - they seemed unaware their hours on Yelp were incorrect as well, so a bit more effort in ensuring that potential customers know when to show up would be nice. Looking forward to trying the lunch specials, which are very affordable (7$ a person!).
Service is lackingFood is mediocre (semi flavorful but very oily)Prices are excellentConvenient locationI wouldn't come here again on purpose, but we were craving dosa and Saravana had a long wait. Do yourself a favor and go to Pongol or Saravana for a more authentic and flavorful experience.
Nails the south Indian food, like dosas.  Excellent sambar.  The puri with chana is also outstanding.Quit going to the fakers, which mask true Indian food with butter, cream and false ready-made spice mixtures.  That is not Indian food.By contrast, this is the real deal.
I dined at this place years ago with friends and had such an amazing time. I have been searching for it ever since and serendipitously stumbled upon it today. I am definitely going to be back super soon to try their Tiffin Wallah - I hope it is just as good as it was back then!
I went here for dinner with my vegetarian daughter in December and am scratching my head, wondering what other reviewers see in it.  It's overpriced, for one thing.  The food was very disappointing, for another: the masala dosa had very little filling; the navratan korma had no creamy flavor whatsoever.  Worst of all, we both got major GI distress that night!  I won't return.
No less than amazing.  Southern Indian food at its finest.   We were looking for Jain food, and found our favorite restaurant.  They will do dairy free or Jain on any menu item. Great service.
I came here with a friend who was visiting from out of town for dinner in the middle of the work week. At the suggestion of Yelp reviews to stick to traditional South Indian fare, we ordered the South Indian thali ($15) and Masala Mysore Dosa (~$10) and a mango lassi ($3.50). I don't have a reference point for South Indian food, but I'm not a huge meat eater so I really liked the food here. The thali was a good introduction (I think) to South Indian cuisine with idli (rice/lentil cakes), medu vada (a donut), masala dosa (crepe), uttapam (rice/lentil pancake). Both the thali and dosa came with potato -- or aloo bhajji as one would say in S. Asian cuisine -- as well as sambar and the coconut chutney. Both the sambar and coconut chutney (!!!) were yummy!My Dosa -- a very thin crepe -- looked like a piece of art when it first came to the table (check out some posted pics). I'm glad I tried it, but I didn't think my dosa was very spicy. To get more variety in terms of veggie dishes, I think next time I go out with a friend, we will order a thali and 1-2 tiffin items like bajjia and a chana chaat.  Honestly, I think the thali is too much for one person since there are a lot of "carb" like items -- idli, uppadam, dosa -- and the two of us were full for hours after our 5-pm dinner. The desert -- badam halwa -- that came with the thali was really well made and the perfect amount of sweet to end a meal.
One of my favorite budget Indian restaurants in NYC. Not only do they have good food; their staff are kind and courteous, too. Highly recommended.
This is as good as it gets for dosa, at least in my humble opinion.  I ordered the rava masala which was near perfect.  I scarfed it down but it was the perfect portion.  I also ordered a simple coffee which was very well made as well.  The service was excellent - very prompt and attentive.  Like several places in the area, seating can be scarce but I came a bit later for lunch-time and it worked out well.  All in all - I highly recommend this place for dosa, at least.  There is some stiff competition in "Curry Hill" but this place does a good job amongst its peers.
Food: (lunch buffet - $8)~palak paneer (3.5 stars): solid, except the paneer was very hard, more of a tofu-like consistency rather than fresh soft panner.  Otherwise, it was just a tad spicy, and the spinach was good.~cauliflower (3.5 stars): decent cauliflower in a spicy curry.  Potato ratio was a bit high, but it's a buffet, what do you expect?~naan (4 stars): came out hot every few minutes.  It had just enough chew and tasted fresh.There was also a variety of chutneys (3 stars), as well as soup (3 stars) and salad (did not try).  The offerings were all vegetarian.Wait:~none at 1:45pm for 2 on a Friday.  Water service was pretty attentive.
Cheap, authentic and excellent Indian food from Bengal and the south.  SOme of the best Indian food I have had outside India.
