It's Chinese food at its best! The menu was simple and no pork of course. We ordered the sesame chicken, beef and broccoli and shrimp chowmein . We didn't wait long for our food to be served. The food was good not greasy and had that amazing seasoned taste that no other Chinese restaurant can compare. The broccoli was perfect.    It's a quiet location in Astoria. It's hard to find parking in the area that's only down fall but other than that get there early or just take the subway or bus depending on your location. If you in the mood for Chinese  come here . Order Chinese. Do not come to this place to order French fries and chicken nuggets!
Be still my Brown Heart... Halal Chinese Take-Out is on the way.What I love about Fatima's despite having the same menu you see at every other CTO is their consistency in delivering flavorful, saucy and spicy food in healthy portions.  So often, I've ordered Sesame Chicken, for example, elsewhere and what I get is either over-fried or rubbery meat in a dry, congealed preparation.  At Fatima's every dish I've ordered has identity.  What I mean here is that a Chicken in Garlic Sauce has tender pieces of meat in a rich, GARLICKY mildly spicy sauce while a Chicken with Broccoli has tender, steamed chunks of broccoli in a tangy, soy sauce.  Seems obvious enough, but you have to taste the difference.An extra nod or bow for the inclusion of Halal meat at no premium $$ while a plate under $10 will go a long way and my deliveries have always been expeditious.
The food is delicious but there are many problems in this restaurant that needs to be addressed, first of all the housekeeping has to be maintained. Second, the area of eating is too packed and squished at several occasions. Third, they don't let you sit where you desire to and actually force you to be seated where they want to. Fourth, they charge tax and tip beforehand.Fifth the table of two is so small that you have to hold your plates so you can eat comfortably without the other dishes falling off the table. Fifth they take out trash in front  of you whilst eating and that ruins the appetite of the guests, that should be done at the end of the day and lastly, they bring your orders in partition and forget the rest and then don't bother to give you ketchup salt & pepper. If you don't like any of the afore mentioned situations just order food to take out!
My friend and me just moved to this area, and started looking for a good Chinese food to grab for dinner after work, we tried like 3-4 Chinese pleases and finally found this one. When we got there first time - prices did impress us how cheap everything is, and first thought was "the food will be horrible" but we made an order, waiter was nice and answered all the questions what we had. Egg drop soup came literally in 2 mins and main dishes in 5-10 mins after. So we tried the food, and liked it so much, it was really and it worth every penny what we paid. Definitely suggest everyone who lives in this area visit this place!
A family favorite- even our out of town guests always want to go here We come from New Jersey  for the delicious, hot and consistent food hereAll dishes are great but our favorite is always the beef lo meinAnd the fried dumplings are excellent too as an appetizer
Fatima's is the place to go! It's family friendly and the food is so amazing! The portions are big, great for sharing! It has a very chill casual vibe with speedy service. The food is fresh and the staff is nice. The only problem is finding parking! Super busy street that's the only downfall.
No reason to give them anything less than 5 stars!They serve authentic halal chinese food, and I must say, they are doing a pretty good job! I've come to this place countless times and every experience has been better than the first. They give you large portions for a decent price and everything tastes amazing! When you walk in here don't expect it to look any better than a regular chinese food spot. Even though they let you dine in and cater to you, the ambience is very average. However, I must say all the servers are very friendly!Definitely recommend it to everyone!
Hands down the best Chinese restaurant in Astoria/LIC. The delivery is always quick and the food is delicious. The beef dumplings are the best dumplings I have ever had. Because it's halal, they offer chicken fried rice as opposed to pork, and it's amazing. Highly, highly recommend!
Our favorite take out spot in Astoria. We occasionally eat in as well but it gets super crowded during the weekend/ evening hours. I tried the eggplant beef today after falling in love with this dish from Musa's halal food in the Bronx. It was pretty good here as well. The beef teriyaki on a stick and hot wings are awesome.
My favorite Chinese restaurant in Queens (No Pork Halal for Brooklyn haha). Restaurant is always clean and service is good. The food always comes in quick and always fresh. My mom is sensitive to foods with MSG in them, but has never found a problem with this place as they claim not to use it. General Tsos Chicken, Shrimp Lo Mein and Chicken Wontons were excellent. Sometimes I have to take food home because their portions are pretty big (but I love that). There isn't anything on the menu that I don't love. I just wish that they accepted credit/debit cards. There is an ATM in the restaurant though, if you're in a tight situation.
First visit here. I was excited with all the reviews but I gotta say the place looks like a hole in the wall and in need of a makeover! There are plenty of tables and chairs but I ordered to go. I got shrimp in garlic sauce, the kung pao chicken and fried beef dumplings. The order was done quickly and came to $25. The service was nice, and friendly. To my surprise the food here is really tasty! A bit on the oily side but still fresh veggies and the right amount of salt, I'am a happy camper! Next time I will order steamed dumplings!Happy Yelping!
First time here after I heard multiple great reviews from friends. It's a cute small place, me and my boyfriend came here for a quick dinner. I only eat halal chinese, I feel like it taste a lot better and fresher than regular chinese and I know i can trust that it is only good food that I am eating. I ordered the beef lo mein dinner combo (8.50) comes with soup and chicken fried rice! My boyfriend got human chicken combo (8.50) that came with the same things. Extremely well priced. And a great serving of food! Place was packed when we came. Good service as well. Definitely coming back here again!!! yay halal chinese.
Fatimas halal kitchen has a variety of chinese food. Its a small restaurant just like any other chinese food joint. The food comes out pretty fast and every time I have gone the staff have been pretty nice. They started including the tip in the receipt also. I almost didnt see it when I went this year. My favorite dishes are the chicken and broccoli, steak and pepper, and the sesame chicken. The fried rice is also really good.
I've been here multiple times, the food is amazing. I love that it is halal, and they have authentic, classic Chinese food. It is hard to find halal places anywhere, but to find a halal Chinese place that also taste amazing is a wonderful feeling! This place is very family friendly, and during Ramadan it is usually packed and they only take with reservation. The staff is friendly but they are kind of quick with cleaning your table almost pushing you to leave. Other than that, the food there is amazing and the menu is cheap and has so much to offer. I recommend this place is you crave for halal Chinese.
Nice and clean chinese food. They are usually crowded on Sundays but tables change very fast. Not too long queue..
This place is not a fusion . it is an authentic traditional chinese . great thing is that it is clean & halal. General tso's chicken was really good and so was the hot n sour soup. Service was quick , fast, and good. Food was great. I definitely recommend this place if youre in the area. Dine in for max 20 ppl only...so call ahead!
I've been going to this spot for some time when I was living in NYC; they've been quite consistent in taste. When it comes to mom and pops Chinese food spots, I would have to say this is definitely one of the better ones. You have to drive quite a distance to find a restaurant like this in LA.I'm a fan of the Singapore noodles, orange chicken (tastes like orange marmalade!) and general TSO. I'm quite aware that this isn't going to be authentic Chinese but hey, Americanized Chinese takeout never fails to taste great every time! Note: people in China never heard of a fortune cookie
I've been going to this place since they first opened up and usually order at least 2-3 times a month. The food has always been great except on one occasion there was a mixup with my order and they fixed it immediately. One time I made an order while en route from the airport to Astoria and my cab got delayed and the delivery guy waited in front of my house for 20 minutes and graciously handed me my order when I arrived. I know the owner personally (from going there regularly) and she is committed to her restaurant. I've had lengthy conversations with her around expanding her space and/or accepting credit cards, going on GrubHub etc. and she refuses to expand or increase order volume out of fear of lowering the quality of her food and rather make less money.
This is #1 and I mean the best Chinese restaurant I have ever been to. There selection  of quality dishes are halal based and prepared with the customer in mind. Foods and appetizers are delicious. Indoor seating available but limited, order in or take-out, delivery is also available.
Sesame Chicken Fried Rice Combo.That is what my final meal on earth will be.Seriously.It is the perfect balance of crispy, moist, saucy chicken - paired beautifully with their fried rice. It's a symphony in my mouth.
Great go-to for take-out Chinese. Around $7 gets me enough food for two meals. I usually get the egg fried rice and it never disappoints! Can get a little busy/hectic at random times so bring your patience -- and some cash.
This review is based off of DELIVERY SERVICES ONLY.Pretty great delivery joint & this will be my top Chinese Delivery option. The food isn't slimy like your typical "hole-in-the-wall" Chinese Joint, but it still fixes the craving. The portions of food were a perfect amount for one person each and we didnt overindulge and feel overstuffed afterwards.We ordered:1 Shrimp Egg Roll1 Small Chicken & Broccoli w/Steamed Rice1 Small Chicken & Cashew w/Steamed RiceTOTAL: $17.00! Not too bad! Things that can be improved:.  The person taking my order was confused when I asked for their drink options. He wasn't trying too hard to clear up the confusion either..  CASH ONLY... come on Fatima; it's 2012..  No easy search when looking for a menu online.LOVE THE NAME. Love that it's Halal. I support!
Best Chinese in queens. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. That being said do not eat there its always loud and packed. Also its cash only. Strictly takeout/delivery Chinese.
Best Halal Chinese I've had so far. Great portions but it's never enough, it's that good.  Workers are friendly and it's always packed with families. I just think since they increased their prices, a better decor is in order. I would rather not sit next to a humming refrigerator and 8 cases of stored soda cans. But then again, I did not have to travel far to get my drinks.
Very tasty Chinese food with big portions. It's cash only though.
I ordered Chinese food for so-called "Thanksgiving", b/c I cannot endorse this speciesist  holiday. Some of my relatives are Turkeys, & to disrespect them celebrating such a blatant abuse of their kind goes beyond what I can stand or tolerate. To think that pilgrims & native indians gathered together to slaughter hundreds - nay! - thousands of innocent Turkeys & then feast on their flesh turns my stomach! Long live the Noble Turkey! Or, in gobbledegook: jffslfkablehsckaberpity!So Chinese food it was. I called six different places & no one answered. Finally, I tried Fatima's Halal Chinese Restaurant & I was in luck! Who doesn't want kosher cuts of alley cat? Selah.I jest; I jest!Ordered the Pu Pu Platter & a Large Beef Lo Mein. Happy Thanksgiving to me. Delivery took 45 min, but it's understandable if they're the only Chinese food place open on the holiday. It was pretty standard fare for what I was expecting, maybe a touch better. Probably deserves a 3.5, but it's getting the extra boost b/c the portions are generous, & they didn't slam anything w/ too many vegetables (b/c I hate when places do that).At any rate, some dashes of Sriracha helped pick the flavor up some, & overall I'm satisfied w/ the place. I'll call them again, if for no other reason than they were the only ones to come through on Turkey Massacre Day... Gobble gobble, b!#&*$!
When I'm faced with a wall of laziness and need food to be delivered to me, I go through my usual run down.  Chicken?  Chinese take out?  Pizza?  Fatima's?  Sushi?  However, Fatima's Chinese take out is far from the usual Chinese take out.  Although they have long time favorites on their menu, it's about the preparation and the overall meal at the end.  I don't know exactly how Halal preparation makes the food taste different, but it is so much better than your regular Chinese take out.  In the last year or so I've been going to Fatima's for my laziness/delivery fix, I've more or less neglected any other Chinese take out from my list.  I however find myself asking if I do want other Chinese take out, and rarely fall into temptation.  My name is Chester Ng....and I've been regular Chinese take out free for 10 months...
The food here is so delicious.  Probably the best Chinese food I've ever had.  The food is always consistent.  I had the beef teriyaki sticks for appetizer, and were pretty good.  They were very flavorful.For the actual meal, I ordered the General Tsao, which has the perfect crunch to the chicken without it being chewy or tough, as found in other restaurants.Chicken with Garlic sauce also really good.Beef with string beans was amazing.  The beans actually had a crunch to them indicating their freshness, and were not soft and soggy.Really good food, but the place can get busy at times.
Horrible service! The only good thing about this place is the affordable meals. They don't take cards! And the closest banks are 5 blocks away!
Good chinese fast food. This place is halal so no pork..Had the sesame chicken and beef lo mein. This place is legit. Shouldve tried the chicken wings with hot sauce.
I been to Fatima's only once and really enjoyed it. Probably one of the best halal Chinese dishes have had in a while. My favorite dishes include sesame chicken, garlic chicken, cashew chicken, noodles, and fried rice. There staff is usually very quick too.
This is by far the best Chinese food in Astoria!   I'm not sure if it is the halal meat, but the dishes with chicken and beef in them taste much more fresh than any nearby Chinese restaurants.   I typically get and enjoy the Shrimp Fried Rice, Moo Shu Chicken or Beef and Broccoli.  And although I don't consider ordering often at a Chinese restaurant, their fried chicken wings are actually much better than others in the city.  Overall, it is my go to Chinese restaurant.  The only issue is the last few times ordering pick-up or delivery they have taken an extremely long time to to prepare the food.  But the food is fresh, flavorful and worth a little bit of the wait!
It's ok for fast Chinese food.  I ordered the general Tao chicken.  But... It was mostly bread very little actual chicken.
Great place to come for Halal for.Delicious yummy and delightful order everything because it's all good yum yum yum!
Best $6 Chinese lunch special I've found in Queens. They charge the same as the rest but the food is higher quality. I like their sesame chicken and beef teriyaki sticks. They have a computer system that recognizes your address after your first order and they speak perfect English. Free delivery with $10 minimum too.
This place isn't your standard quick chinese take out spot.  Personal Favorites:1.  Kung Pau Chicken2.  Mushu Chicken or Beef3.  Brocoli Beef
BEST Chinese food in New York.I've been here about a dozen times, eating in every time so I can't comment on take out or delivery. The decor is your standard chinese restaurant. Each time my family goes, we get the same 4 dishes, because they are just that good. Kung pao chicken, chicken lo mein, beef and brocolli, sweet and sour chicken. I've actually never been a fan of chinese food before eating here. The quality of the meat is superb. Not greasy or dry either. The portions are enough to feed two per plate. Each time I've brought someone here, they have loved it. The service is not the best but good enough especially considering the great prices. Don't let the 1 star reviews keep you from trying the food here.
Best chinese food I ever had! Love the chicken lo-mein! Not too greasy and you get a lot for your money. Service is excellent. The only inconvenience is that they dont accept cards-- cash only. But thats ok, still love it! :)
Yes, the food is good (not amazing), but unfortunately, i am giving 1 star because the woman's attitude was so rude when we called to tell them they delivered the wrong dish. she tried telling us it was our fault and that she repeated the order back, and what she wrote on the receipt is what we ordered.  she couldnt comprehend the fact that she took down the order wrong, so obviously the incorrect dish was listed on the receipt.In reality, she absolutely did not read the order back and we are 100% what we said because two of us were there looking at what we highlighted on the menu as we ordered. she argued about it until my boyfriend said he would be happy to give them back the dish that was wrong, and she accepted, and 25 minutes later they delivered the correct dish and took back the wrong one.The mere fact that she wanted the dish back that we opened and stuck our forks in before realizing it was wrong is just disgusting. I don't care if their food is good because if they want to take back open food that has already been delivered AND if they basically call customers liars when they are in fact the ones completely in the wrong, i really dont want to eat their food.FYI, i also find it sort of sneaky that there are two yelp profiles for Fatima's (same address).  Take note that the other one might only have 7 reviews, but the average rating is about 3 stars...
Delicious chicken lo mein and chicken vegetables that was flavorful and very fresh. Veggies had a great crunch to them and all the lo mein needed was a little soy sauce and hot sauce. Delivery takes over 30 min so plan accordingly.
They have terrible delivery service!! I love their food and all but they have this terrible lady who's just utterly rude!! Her name is Shurly. Avoid her at all costs. She loves to argue and curse at her customers. She claims to have called my phone number to deliver but I never received calls. It seems as if she's PMSing every time I call to order. I'm just fed up of this woman and her nasty customer service. I really enjoy their food but their customer service is nasty as hell.
Food is good but the horrendously bad service doesn't make up for it. In-house as in delivery (they never get the order right and then they get angry and hang up on you when you call to tell them some items are missing.) Stay away! There's another halal chinese that opened in Astoria. Hopefully they'll be nicer than this shit hole that thinks they can treat people any way they want just because they serve halal. This is America, not China. Wake up and smell the roses because customer service here goes a long long way!
Came here for lunch one day after passing it a few times and seeing that all ten of its tables were packed.  It is a very casual, simple Chinese restaurant with the standard menu.  The service is quick and friendly.Had the chicken lo mein, beef and broccoli, chicken friend rice, wonton soup, and egg drop soup.  The food came out looking great and many pictures were taken.  Everything tasted good, but there was too much salt added.  A tall glass of water was needed afterwards.  The prices are 1-2 dollars more than comparable Chinese takeout restaurants, but that does not seem to deter customers in the area.Not many Chinese people named Fatima, so that is a plus.  Please go try them out.
tried it for the first time after 9+ years in Astoria.  We ordered take-out and waited the expected 40 minutes (which was fine). we got the sesame beef and Happy Family.  Both were tasty.  Definitely a step up from most take-out Chinese.  Not greasy or goopy.   I'd return - but will continue to wish for a REALLY GOOD chinese place in astoria
Amazing place. My family goes here like 3 times a month now. And that's VERY rare for a family that almost never eats out. To top it off, we live about 40 mins from here, so the long drive really shows how much we like it. All the chicken varieties are good, and I've tried almost everything on the menu, and nothing has disappointed.The service is also awesome. Our waitress is really cool, in the fact that she knows both Urdu(Pakistiani) and Chinese. And shes Chinese. Now, I know racial stuff has nothing to do with the food, but the fact a Pakistani/Indian Chinese fusion restaurant actually has Chinese employees unlike most fusion restaurant of the same claim, is very rare. The waitress knows us by now, and always brings out the food fast. And when we have a complaint(and we rarely do), she is quick to fix it and apologize. We always leave a big tip for her.As for the atmosphere, the walls are covered with Islamic materials, really showing you that they mean Halal. And it smells like Chinese food, which is a good thing. ;) And the tables are HUGE and PLENTY!Overall, great service, great food, and great atmosphere.
The best chinese food we have ever had! Sevice is fast and the employees are very kind! This is our go-to restaurant. We love the food...espciallly the hot and sour soup. The fact that it is halal makes it one of our favorite restaurant. My favorite dishes are beef dumplings, hot and sour soup, and beef schewan. But honestly everything is great here! Also...forgot to mentiont that it is a very kid friendly enviroment. Many families come to enjoy the delicious meals.
There is no doubt that Fatima serves decent Chinese Food.  My problem with this place is their honesty. It came to light today as I was ordering for takeout that the prices on their menu are totally different from their system. Half fried chicken is listed for $6.95 but their system says $7.95.  There were 2 other dishes I was ordering and one was $1 more and the other was $.50 more. Funny thing is their system is in chinese so maybe the guy was thinking I would not notice (hey I can still read the numbers!)  As the guy was putting in my order, I questioned him why their price on the computer is a $1 more than the menu I was looking at. His response was "I dont know". It just made me think how many times I paid more for my food since I stop by here at least once every 2 wks.  I know some people would say "Come on its just a dollar" but if you do your math that $1 will add to $10. I always see big family dining here. They order plenty of food. They probably pay about $5-$10 or even more without knowing it. If they raised their price and still have not updated their menu then maybe they should put up a sign.  Anyway, I did not continue with my order as I was not satisfied with the "I don't know" response. I am never ordering from Fatima again.
Went here with family. we ordered a few dishes to share and everyone loved their food. we were stuffed by the end of it and still had stuff to take home. Definitely one of the best Chinese restaurants i have been to in NYC. definitely recommend it.
Actually my friend recommended this place and I am so happy that we tried here. The food is so fresh and delicious. Their all items are good from lounchon and combination. They served lot of food and prices are very reasonable. I love the place.
Came at the beginning of the summer with a large group (about 10 ppl). We ordered a bunch of dishes and just shared everything, which worked out well for getting to try a bunch of different things, but not so much if you were at the end of the line or particularly liked one thing more than the other. Started off with the soup and while I usually don't like any sort of the Chinese varieties, the hot and sour was  excellent - most people at the table couldn't stop sipping on it, even after the food came. That said, I'm pretty sure I had some sort of stomach issue the next day, which I was forewarned about but thought was a joke. Nothing serious though, so I would say it's still worth a shot. Keep in mind that the ambiance is about zero, it's pretty much a no-frills Chinese food restaurant setup, but the the food is very good and reasonably priced.
I usually order Chinese food from another local spot however that is no longer necessary. The staff seemed very polite and patient, well organized and for the most part above the competition. The sesame chicken was great and I would recommend this place to anyone. Enjoy!
I ordered food from here and it arrived with the food spilled all over the bag. I called them to have them send another one and give them this food that I can't eat and they repeatedly denied because they said they didn't want to send the delivery guy back. So I paid money for food I didn't get to eat. They actually yelled at me for 10 mins over the phone about how they can't pay the delivery guy to send him back. Was a repeat customer here and will never consider ordering from here ever again.
I went to this place because our university had catered from it a few times for certain events. I later checked out the place and the food was simply amazing. My litmus test for any Chinese spot is the General Tso's Chicken. It's safe to say that this is the best General Tso I've ever had. They make it with a unique crunch, which you don't see too often in other places. The hot and sour soup is also a must have.As far the actual restaurant goes, the waiters are very friendly and unlike most Chinese spots, you feel OK about eating in. You can always see groups and families eating there. The place is very clean and sanitary, and that's saying something since your average Chinese spot doesn't really look that welcoming. The prices are very affordable. You can get a dinner combo, which includes, fried rice, chicken/meat, and soup for about $10. The portions are a very generous, so you can find yourself taking some of it home.
Love this place! So cool that it's a halal Chinese joint, the flavors and cooking were all fresh and delicious. Nice staff and family atmosphere of other customers eating in the restaurant.
Like most of the reviews on here, this is the ONLY chinese place I will eat from.Unlike many others, the food is fresh, fast and tasty. Only downfall? It's greasy. But hey, no one is perfect!My favorite? Lo Mein with beef. Spicy. Delish.
I'd give this 4.5 stars if I could -- went here again last week and have decided these are the best dumplings I've had in Astoria (although I'm determined to try the dumplings at Golden House again to see if they're better than I remember). This time I ordered the beef dumplings (for the second time) and the beef with string beans. Both were just what I was looking for. The dumplings actually seemed "fresh" and there was plenty of beef to go along with the beans. Happy camper!
Ok so here is the deal, we are always looking for halal good food and if you are craving Chinese after watching it in all the movies and tv programs ( how amazing the food looks) then this is the place, clean and lots of variety to choose from. Fast and efficient service, in fact too efficient that the waitress could not possibly wait for us to decide and order. I will be coming here for sure again to satisfy my Chinese craving.
Went to Fatima's for the first time tonight and had really high expectations because of the other reviews; we ordered sweet and sour chicken and chicken lo mein.They were fast, inexpensive.. Portions were big.. But the quality of the food was not great in my opinion (below average).So.. I see some positives.. But definitely not more than 3 stars (would be a 2.5 really).
I can not say enough good things about this place. Excellent food.WARNING: Take my advice with a grain of salt because I only eat halal meat. Therefore, I have very little to compare Fatima's to. However, I had some 'kosher chinese' food made out of fake soy meat the other day and it was the worst experience of my life, so I do know some good food.-My waitress was very friendly and helped me decide which two dishes would go well together. The other girl was okay, but made a mistake by asking if I ordered two entrees by accident :P. The guy waiter wasn't good, but he just dropped off food.-Very clean. Clean enough to eat at which is a huge rarity for halal places (see 'Italian Express' in Chicago or any coner halal Chicken place in Astoria)-Located right off the subway. I used to come all the way from the UES for Fatima's. I considered moving to Astoria just for this place. -No one gave me a hard time for eating on my own: other diners, bus/delivery boys (who usually do), mixed clientele of arabic, greek, and indian patrons (shows its not only halal eaters that come for the great food). I feel the need to mention this because this RUINS great restaurants (Pastrami Queen on UES). Best of all, excellent, excellent food. The General Tsao's was just how I remembered it from eons ago before I started eating solely halal: crispy, sweet barbecue chicken. Beef with vegetables was excellent, with fresh vegetables. Egg drop soup was yolky and not too salty.Only suggestion perhaps is if the could put more sauce - maybe ask for extra on the side.
My bf read the good reviews on Yelp and decided to pick some up for dinner.  Epic fail.  Well, at least as far as the beef with broccoli was concerned.  I can't speak for their other dishes, but the beef was almost completely tasteless.  And the broccoli wasn't as bad as the beef, but still wasn't that great.Since they screwed up a relatively easy dish, I refuse to try any others.  So, no, we will not be ordering from them, again.
One of my favorite places to order from. I've been here a couple of times and it's a decent place but I prefer ordering in. The spicy chicken dishes are my favorite. Friendly people and good service.
Really good chinese food and very cheap! I have never been to the actual restaurant but I have eaten takeout from there plenty of times.  You can't go wrong with a big bowl of wanton soup or egg drop soup for $1.50! Or a main dish for only $5 (my favorite is the curry chicken).  The pieces of meat aren't weird or disgusting and the food doesn't make you feel gross after you finish.  Also, the dishes that are marked as spicy actually have a kick to them! Definitely a place worth trying!
This place is the most tolerable chinese food in astoria. It isn't great. It isn't bad. I am a fan of veggie plates from chinese restaurants....something about how they fry them up nice and crispy, always tasty. They do this pretty good. Besides that, it really is just "A-OK"
Excellent food. The staff are oblivious and are real bad. I would've given it a 5 stars if not for the horrific service.
We came with some friends of ours who hyped it up saying it would be the best chinese food we ever had. I was very skeptical because in my opinion all chinese take out is the same. Boy was I wrong! This food is BETTER than the more expensive chinese take out places. The meat they use is excellent and really makes the difference in taste, I attribute that to the quality that is Halal meat. Will be back again!
This place is a great neighborhood hole in the wall--simple and unpretentious. The food was 5 stars. We had the fried beef dumplings, Szechuan beef, golden sesame shrimp, and chicken fried rice. Everything was delicious. I will definitely be going back.
Best Chinese food in Astoria hands down! The beef actually tastes like cow beef and not cat or dog meat. You don't have to muslim to enjoy this food either. It's so tasty. Yes I agree it can be oily but just let them know when you order that  you want very little oil. The beef  and chikcen with broccoli is so tasty and the beef fried rice as well i could eat here every day! Lastly the place looks classier than your typical Chinese food joint.
I have never been inside, only ordered for delivery. I try to eat halal meat when I can, though I pretty much will have what is available. I am as picky as it gets when it comes to chinese, and for takeout, this place rocks. Often times when I order chinese, I can get grossed out pretty quickly if the chicken takes too long to chew, or if I can't see the chicken... This place doesn't gross me out, tastes delish, and for now has my vote as best chinese in Astoria.
Okay, let me say do not come here on a hot summer day as this place does not have air conditioning when my friend and I went. They do have fans, BUT it does very little when it's scorching hot outside + a super hot meal.Besides the weather, the food is AMAZING. Never have I tasted Chinese food that tasted so goood. Oh my, it was like a party in mouth! In case you are wondering what I ordered, I got my usual favorite, chicken with broccoli and fried rice. The rice was so flavorful with onions, scrambled eggs, peas, carrots, and shredded chicken. It was delicious and the color was perfect. The chicken with broccoli had that usual but better than regular tasting sauce which had the right texture and consistency, not too thick or thin. My friend got the Szechuan Chicken which had peppers, onions, and a spicy sauce. We got onion rings as a side and I got a cold Coca Cola as usual. Overall I think our lunch would have been better if the AC was on but since the food was so good, I have to give it 5 stars! Fatima's, you have won the affection of my taste buds! You got me!
Sweet and Sour Chicken and Mongolian Beef is fantastic. A local recommended this place to us and my whole family loved it. We have been to a lot of Chinese places and I have to say that this is the best. Too bad its in New York.Sign outside is hard to see but worth the search.
Delicious chow fun noodles with vegetables and tofu, and a simple spring roll, all for $10. The food was enough for at least two meals, and the service was quick and friendly. Only annoying thing was the lack of credit card acceptance. Seems like that's a standard for Astoria restaurants.
Great food. Massive quantities. Reasonably priced. General Tso is great. Dumplings abd egg drop soup were enjoyed by my company. Ambiance is that of a chinese take out joint but food is on point.
This place isn't perfect. but it's the best halal chinese food you'll find in NY.  Fatima's used to be located in Maspeth, but recently moved to Astoria.  Her place is an upscale chinese takeout restaurant, so if you're looking for an classy restaurant experience, you won't find it here.  What you will get is great chinese food at a great price.  Fatima's is generous with their portions.  I've catered from here as well because the food is so good.  I travel a good distance to eat here, but all my friends and family agree that this place is worth it.  General Tsos chicken is my pick for favorite dish.Some things to watch out for: parking can be tough, but not impossible.  If you eat here on a cold day, because the restaurant is not too big, every time someone opens the front door, you will feel the draft.  Try to sit towards the back of the restaurant if you can.  You might have to wait for a table if it's a busy night.  If you have a large party, I advise to call ahead so they can make arrangements.
The first time we went here they said cash only, ok so we were determined to come..  So with cash in hand we return a few weeks later... my oh my what a disappointment.  I am not one to complain when getting Chinese food but the take out ordering was horrendous.  The waitress/ hostess was incredibly rude as we waited for an extra side order of fries.  The employees here seem to think the customer is lucky to be there.  Not to mention the food is just generic chinese food, the beef has no flavor at all - just generic, filler meat is how i can describe it.  very gross, very rude, never going back.  there are better places to get chinese. good luck.
I love their food, i end up having it delivered to my place almost once a week. Instructions are followed e.g i ask for beef well done Or spicy Or chilli oil with soup.I don't think dine-in is much of an experience. place is very casual, apart from the chinese girl with bangs (fatima?) all other waitresses are rude/language barrier.but if you live ina storia and crave chinese food with much flavor, i strongly recommend Fatima's for delivery/carry out.
tasty, americanized (halal) chineese food. Cheap cheap yum yumps. get their wings. and general tso's chicken. fantastic
I'm staying with friends in Astoria and I was craving Chinese food. I scoped this place out on help and it was delicious. I had the beef & broccoli. Good ratio of meat to veggies. Not too oily. Well done.
I love this place! Their Singapore Mei Fun is the best I've ever had. The food is always fresh. I highly recommend it. It can get crowded here on weekends and holidays I've noticed, but their delivery is lightning fast. I order from and sit down to eat here a lot!!
I love them.I love the fact that they have mock chicken. That's a BIG PLUSSSSSMy fiancee who is a meat-eater always enjoy their foods.We are always weary about Chinese take-outs, we try to avoid it and have it like once a month. When we do have take-outs, Fatima is the place to go. Its better to take out than dining in
The inside of Fatima's looks like any other fast food Chinese restaurant. But the food is great and I can always count on this place for a quick bite.
good american, halal chinese food!! Unlike many other chinese places, this has some real good food. Good restaurant for families and large groups, good ambience, decently prized food. I bet you will love my fav- General Tso!! :)
This place has great food that is not as salty and greasy as other Chinese restaurants. Portions are pretty big. Service is decent and fast, and the place is packed during dinner. Placing an order over the phone is quick and painless, delivery is fast.
Whoa! Great food and it doesn't leave you feeling greasy. The food is prepared halal and fresh. The food quality is among the best, I've had chinese food before and it's always greasy or refried. But here the foods amazing and also the hot and sour soup is killer!
Good quality halal Chinese resturant. The seating could use improvement.
Lunch specials are great!  My eyes bugged out when I saw how big & heavy the lunch bag was.  When I got a lunch special, I got the Mongolian beef (or smtg to that equivalent-Shanghai?) then later I tried General Tao's chicken.  They were equally delicious!Cash only is annoying but o wells.
Halal Chinese food is the only way to eat Chinese food. Try the beef with garlic sauce
Exceptional Chinese food at an exceptional price. It's a step above the fast food joints that you see all over the place (fluorescent lights, odd colored tables etc) but a step below some of the nicer Chinese restaurants I find in Flushing. I like getting the Hunan Beef because it comes with a good portion/variety of vegetables and rice. The single most important thing about this place to me is that I felt good after I ate the food. Sometimes when you go to those cheaper Chinese joints (which is why I try to steer clear of them) I leave with an aching stomach or a headache, this place didn't do that for me.
after reading some reviews from funny yelpers, excited yelper and don't forget our sensitive yelpers; i was obligated to go.  everyone has to know that cultures and attitude of people are different from around the world .  sometimes people can have regular conversation in there language and you might think there fighting.  in my opinion no one should be cursed in a review.  good luck finding parking. and once you go inside the restaurant the waiter or waitress gets so confused they wonder if they should be seated or let you be seated, there not rude they just not used to high volume of customer, the staff can't tell the boss the can't handle high volume or they can get fired. and theres no job out there.  i ordered shrimp lo mein , general tso chicken, chicken corn soup.  i know chinese food is bland, but this food was beyond bland.  the flavors were so out of proportion that it made me depressed and unmotivated for the rest of the night.  this place is saving money on its ingredients like a franchise store which is not good.  i still refer Halal Kitchen Chinese Food, better service, better food, better price.  thanks for taking your time to read my review.  stay healthy, and happy fellow yelpers.
Fatima's is our favorite neighborhood place for Chinese.  The food is consistently excellent, especially our favorite - the dumplings.  The only thing keeping them from 5 stars is the occasionally slow service (take-out or eat-in).
Ive been following fatima since she was on grand ave. and the way she cooks i wud follow her to the ends of the earth just for some of this food. There is no other chinese food that even comes close to this. These r some of the regular dishes that i get.... Chicken with garlic sauce, szechuan beef, chicken lo mein, and hot and sour soup. Their soup is really yummy. All of their dishes r cooked just rite. The meat never smells. Its alays cooked fully. The flavors burst into ur mouth. For example chicken with garlic sauce is the right amount of sweet and garlicy.  They have all these fresh vegetables in it and are cooked just the rite amount. Not too soggy and soft and not too hard. The service is good. Its a decent place to sit in. I dont usually stay. I take it to go. If you come at certain times then the crowd gets really noisy cuz entire families come here. Do u see why i give this five stars? I live in kew gardens and travel 12 miles each way, every weekend just for this food. Love love love
One of the best chinese food restaurants in all of Queens!!  Hi Fatima! Thank you for many years of great service and hospitality.
The Chinese food at this place is incredible! The chicken fried rice is amazing! I've had never eaten with table service so I can not speak for that, but the take out is great.
This is by far the best chinese food in Astoria!  Unlike most chinese food, Fatima's puts together dishes which feel clean and somewhat healthy without loosing that chinese food flavor.  I've tried several dishes, several times and haven't been disappointed.  This is definitely a must try if you're looking for some delicious chinese food in Astoria.  I highly recommend their steamed beef dumplings.
ayo, this place has really good food man. it doesnt taste like ur typical chinese take-out place. everything is unique and different about fatima's. their food is also halal which is a plus for muslims. no pork or alcohol served here. their food is very good and if it's snowy or rainy outside and im too lazy to go out, i make the delivery guys come out (i tip them well) to deliver my delish fatima's. now if i only knew who fatima is.
Great Food...only downside is I feel they can be stingy on the amount of meat/broccoli in the dish I always order (Hunan Chicken) since they are slightly more expensive than other chinese places I wouldnt expect this. But in the end, I feel less of a glutton eating their food over other chinese restaurants, and it's always delicious
I was over at a friends house and she asked me if I wanted to order some Chinese food. i was a little skeptical at first because I really don't like to order from small Chinese takeouts but she told me she had a menu from a place that was really good. In her opinion she said "it's a little more expensive but very good and worth it" She told me it was a halal place as well. that didn't matter to me because I eat all types of meats. Anyway I ordered shrimp egg foo young with chicken fried rice and I asked for a side of hot oil. My friend ordered some curry chicken with friend rice. We were just having a quick lunch so we didn't need to order too much. The delivery took a little long because they aren't that close to where my friend lives, but it was worth the wait. OMG!! i loved the food and it is hard to please me with Chinese food. I grew up on great Chinese food that has the fried rice that is brown (from the soy sauce they use) and peas and scrambled eggs in it. I can't stand the Chinese spots that have that fried rice that has that yellow tint to it because it sits in big bowls and they just scoop some out and fry it up. The brown rice is just plain white rice that they season with soy sauce and other seasonings (I'm not sure what) and it is fresh to order, not sitting there getting hard. My shrimp egg food young was also delicious, the best i have ever had. it had spinach in it and lots of shrimp and they were clean too. I was very satisfied with my meal. the following week i was in the neighborhood and i called my friend so she can direct me on how to get there from where i was. She didn't remember the address nor was she home to tell me the name of the place. so it was so funny how she was directing me while i was driving. She had to tell me the street and the cross street and then tell me what it was close to. I found the place and i decided to have the food to stay. I ordered the same thing. It was good my only complaint is that they serve more food when it is to go then when u eat in..and i wanted to take the left overs home..LOL
Just moved to Astoria and was looking for a decent place to eat so i ordered take out from Fatimas. Quick delivery, good food, maybe this sounds silly, but it is a normal chinese food spot. You know what you're expecting and there aren't any surprises. I would definitely recommend this spot and order from here again. Steamed dumplings were awesome!
When you're craving Chinese food but want to be healthy, check out Fatima's Dieter Specials.  I was pleasantly surprised that the white meat chicken was moist and tender.  The brown sauce is tasty, while the garlic sauce is spicy.  However, while the Dieter's Specials were good, I found the hot and sour soup disappointing.  Not enough egg and a bit watery.
We went there to try out the food for lunch.  We ordered kung pao chicken, chili beef, moo shu chicken, sczhwan beef, and General Tso's chicken.  The food was excellent and it was very reasonably priced.  Our favorite dish was the kung pao chicken which was breaded and cut into small pieces.   Very solid food!  We will definitely be coming back here to eat soon.
Average food, bad service, impatient staff.We went on a friday night the place was not even completely full. We went with two kids and had to ask for napkin, water, straw which is basically laid on the table even at any takeout place.The food used to be good, now it's below average.The waiter and waitress had attitude and asked me to quiet my 2 yrs old who was not crying or screaming but tapping her feet.I'm not going there any time soon.
This 1 star is coming from someone who's been a die hard fan of fatima's halal kitchen for 10+ years. My family and I have been going here since forever but after our recent experience, we have decided to avoid it from now b/c of the extremely poor service we received. So we came on Sunday evening for dinner and it was packed, we had to wait to get seated. The waiter was rude and showed attitude when we asked her a second time how much longer after waiting around for a few minutes. When we sat down to make our order, no one came by to take our order for at least 15 minutes after we were ready to place an order. During that waiting time we didn't even get the crackers you dip in duck sauce... instead we got that AFTER our appetizers.  We tried getting a waiter's attention for those 15 minutes but there were literally only two waiters handling such a busy crowd, the phone, and take out deliveries. When we finally got to place our order and got our food, our chicken wings came in the SMALLEST size (only 4 pieces) for a family. We've been eating at this place for 10 years and have been ordering chicken wings since then, we always got 8 pieces that's family portion appropriate, never had this happen before. We let it go. But then, the jumbo fried shrimp came and it was literally RAW inside. We sent it back and the shrimp came back deep golden fried and well cooked. The Hunan chicken we've been ordering for the past 2 years was flavorless, it was barely coated in its sauce. We felt too bad to send a second dish back so we left it. Clearly whoever was in the kitchen was in a rush cooking, which took a toll with the quality of food. Lastly, when we packed our food to take home, I asked the waitress to pack the rice and pointed to the two bowls of rice. She seemed in a rush, picked up one bowl and quickly ran off to pack it. We let this go too. My family is EXTREMELY disappointed in your service Fatima's halal kitchen. You need to hire more staff and teach them how to give good service. Until then, we will be avoiding this place for sure.
I've tried several items on their menu, but have yet to find a favorite. The chicken noodle soup isn't bad nor the vegetable tofu soup. Halal chicken wonton soup is only horrible because of the thick wonton skin and the hot and sour isn't spicy enough. Beef with string beans isn't bad or good  along with the general tao's or sesame chicken. I wouldn't order the golden sesame shrimp, beef orange flavor again. The jumbo shrimp in red sauce and dragon & phoenix are some of the better choices if you like seafood. Their best deal is lunch time if you come in or order before 3:30pm. You get fried rice and a choice of a veg roll, soup or soda under $6. As for dine in the restaurant is clean the service is friendly and fast. Take out is fast as well, usually a 10-15 min wait. I haven't had them deliver yet.$10 minimum for free delivery
Five stars for the best dumplings EVER. Veggie dumpling filled with cabbage and mushrooms accompanied by sweet tasting soy sauce so good that even my fiancee, the abject hater of all things cabbage and mushroom scarfs these down without so much as breathing between bites. The place is cheap, but the food is very good. Strange and endearing.  Now, I am not a lover of Chinese food, mostly because I strive to slow the rate at which I am becoming an obese alcoholic and deep fried broccoli swimming in a pool of dark sweet oil never appealed to me all that much. But this... this is special, this is a rekindling of sorts. TBC...
they are so good, we cannot eat chinese anywhere else now...best chow fun, general tso's shrimp, and chicken... we only do takeout... and they were almost always consistenly good. we moved and tried all the chinese in the area nothing matches.
I arrived about 15 minutes too late to claim the lunch special, so take my solid but not spectacular review with a grain of salt. I am sure this review would have been a 4 if I had gotten the lunch special. Eating take-out Chinese food always makes me worry that I'll wake up one day and regret having been penny-wise pound foolish since it's difficult to ascertain how damaging this food is. While Fatima's didn't necessarily give me any more confidence about my choice of food, it was a tad bit less oily/saucy than other competitorsin the area and filling. As others noted, the beef is also different but in a good way. Does not taste like the fake stuff you usually get  It seemed a bit more expensive than other places I typically call (I ordered an order of dumplings, beef with string beans, and house special friend rice which came out to about $16 since I went to pick up), but it was enough for two servings per person and the turnaround time was quick quick quick. This will be my new go-to place for takeout!
Fatima's gives an amazing quantity of food for the price.  Taste and service is solid too.  One of my favorite chinese food spots.
I've been living in Astoria for about 2 years and have tried many Chinese take-out places, unhappy with most.  I was hesitant to try Fatima's because it's such a weird name for a Chinese restaurant.  But, the food is AWESOME.  Definitely the best chinese in Astoria.  Plus, the delivery is quick and they save your phone # and address in their phone system
Great Chinese food. Big in the south east Asian and Arab community in Astoria
Food is great, I order from them at least twice a week    however   they do NOT take cards
ive never eaten in the place itself, but have ordered food. the price is pretty good, the portions are generous, and the food is nice too. the only thing i hate is the oil. the paper bag that held a box of shrimp with broccoli was DRENCHED in oil at the bottom. will probably order from here again
A few summers ago I was meandering on my bike looking for a new place to check out for dinner when I came across Fatima's.Went in, had dinner and found out that it was opening day and I was one of their first customers!I have a connection to the place because of that..I"ve given up on almost all chinese to-go joints because I've found roaches in my food (believe it) or on premises in all of them in the Astoria area.The prices are really so cheep that they have to make up in quantity sold so...they pay little attention to keeping the place clean.Not only was this a new joint but it was run by two  women which gives me a little more confidence in the cleanliness  department..Years later, its still the only chinese to go I go to in the hood.The food when they opened was better then average with great portions and now the food is..maybe not quite as  good,still with great portions..Though I'm not Muslim, Fatima's is Halal which is a great service  because I notice Muslim family's in there all the time..It's not high dining but definitely the best Chinese in the neighborhood so I would definitely recommend Fatima's.
just got back from this place. the big positive is that it's clean and it's VERY filling, but the food is a bit oily. i'd probably come back just cause my friend lives in the area and the portions are relatively large. 3 stars!
I driven by this restaurant for a while before I went it.  I was pleasantly surprised with the food. The ambiance was similar to most Chinese restaurant but the food was better than all the Chinese restaurants in Astoria, and most that are in queens.  The staff were friendly, but not overbearing, the food esp.  The General Taos chicken was great, better than most, the portions are big, maybe a bit too much, but all in all, this place is the best Chinese food in queens that I have found.  It's quiet, clean, and the meat is really fresh.  I am not sure if halal has anything to do with it, or the high turnover, but it's really a good find and me and my friends  order only from here at least once a week.
Vegetarians definitely need to check this place out. They have a full "mock" meat menu that is as good if not better than the mock stuff at all-veg places in Manhattan. I especially love the General Tso Mock Chicken.
One of the best halal Chinese spots till today in Astoria, NY. They are extremely fast paced and the portions are great. If you do plan to come around Friday nights or weekends, call for a reservation because chances are you will be waiting. IT IS ALWAYS PACKED with families and friends at that time! Nonetheless, I've been a continuous customer with Fatima's for over 8 years now, and my favorite is Garlic Chicken with chicken fried rice and hot and sour soup: the dinner combo for only $8.95 regardless of what time you come. If you love spicy food, this is the place for you! Other entrees I love are: 1) Chicken Lo Mein 2) Kung Po Chicken 3) Sesame Chicken Favorite appetizer: 12 pieces of chicken or beef wontons I do not recommend: the sweet and sour chicken (ruined my night). PLUS, the owner is extremely friendly and the place gives me security on authentic halal food.
The poritions are huge! 1 platter is enough for two people! I personally loved the hunan beef and it was really great! The wonton soup felt stale and pretty average at most. The price is affordable in the $9-$12 price range. The food felt average chinese take out at most. I would recommend it if you guys want average food
Great prices and large portions.  Definitely the best fast food, Chinese food option in Astoria.  I've dined here and ordered delivery before, prefer delivery.The garlic sauce is absolutely delicious! I love their chicken wings in the garlic sauce.  Other good options are beef with garlic sauce, pepper steak, shrimp lo mein. They also have one of the better hot & sour soups I've had. There are some pieces of chicken in the soup and it's a slight kick of heat.Like everyone said, it's cash only.  There's an ATM inside, but you are better off stopping by your bank for cash before you head here.
Best Chinese restaurant in NY. Awesome food. Price is reasonable too.Can't ask for better Chinese restaurant.
This place is better than your average Chinese delivery spot, and the food tastes cleaner than most Chinese places in Astoria. Delivery has always been fast.
As soon as you walk in you think, is this place really halal? I mean sure they have some Arabic calligraphy things hanging from the wall but the people working there sure aren't Muslim. Hearing about this place I figured it must be run by Uyghur Chinese but that turned out not to be the case. They draw in a lot of Muslim customers who have no frame of comparison for Chinese food, there being so few halal Chinese options but I, for one, have a lot of experience with Chinese food and the fare served here is at best on par with the stuff you get at the generic Panda Garden restaurants you find at mall food courts and college campuses. Most of their dishes use the same corn syrupy base so everything tastes the same. I ordered Singapore rolls and they were frozen inside so I  sent it back. They came back with one that tasted like it had gone bad. When I opened it up I found the inside was rotten and brown. Disgusting. Speaking of disgusting, the bathroom is filthy and covered in graffiti, casting further doubt about their "halal" claim. Service here is awful and you have to flag down wait staff who prefer to blankly stare out the window when not chatting with each other. They charge more than other Chinese takeouts based on the claim that the meat here is "halal" but I'd bet anything it isn't.
Love that I don't have to ask if something has pork in it ! Everything is well made and delicious
Their customer service is a bit lacking but the food is wonderful. They messed up our order with fried rice and brown rice. Nonetheless I enjoyed my sesame chicken and would love to come back here. However the staff needs to do a better job of keeping track of the orders and making sure orders are properly fulfilled!
When you move to a new part of the city (or the boroughs, in this case), finding your go-to Chinese delivery joint can often be harder than finding your apartment in the first place.  My wife and I have bounced around Astoria and Long Island City for the last six years, and after a long search and many orders that just didn't fit the bill, we have finally ended our search for Chinese delivery here.  There's not too much to say, other than Fatima's offers extremely fast delivery, great tasting Chinese food at a wonderful price with sizable portions!  Once you discover Fatima's, you likely won't ever go back to whatever place you're ordering from now.
Best Chinese food around Astoria! I usually order from here and they always have such good food! It's not overly greasy either. Try the fried cheese wontons, hot and spicy soup, beef mei fun, beef on stick appetizers, and the garlic shrimp with vegetables. I seem to order these things a lot when I'm in the mood for Chinese food hehe I've tried other stuff from them too but those are my absolute favorites! Good prices and super fast delivery! Next time I order out from them- I'll be sure to share some yummy pictures of the food! So good!
Like any other take out restaurant. I was so excited to try this place because the name Fatima and oh boy it's a disappointment. I was expecting some good nontraditional take out but some stone is better left unturn. i got a house noodle. It's not as oily as other take out place but for some people would say it's more flavorless than healthy. Who eats Chinese food for the health aspect anyway. It is on the cheap side. My friends order some chicken and beef dish. They don't seem to like it as much. Hot wing they offer is good thou. If you have a party, I would suggest that. Delivery is fast thou.
Three stars based only on the food, which is really really good chinese takeout. The quality is amazing and the food tastes really fresh and flavorful. I am only taking two stars off, because the wait staff wasn't too friendly or helpful. Had to ask for napkins 3 times, after I finally got an eye roll and okay. They include the tip automatically onto your check, which is good for them I'm sure because a lot of people probably don't tip here without it being added on, just wish I was giving my tip to better service.
Food was amazing. Very quick service. The only downside is they don't accept cards, cash only. One of the best Chinese food I ever had.
Hit or miss. But some of the better Chinese in Astoria. Depends what your order. Shrimp seems to be a better bet than chicken. Decent size shrimp. Big menu. Mock meat options. Delivery 1st time Friday night around 7 was fast. Delivery 2nd time Sunday night around 9 was a little over an hour. Way too slow. Arrived hot both times. Pass:Veggie lo mein. Bland. Veggie fried rice - full of veg but bland. Not as bland as veggie lo mein but just ok. Veggie egg roll. Tastes like celery. Shrimp egg roll. Bland. Duck sauce is bland. Chicken cashew was little tiny bits of chicken and super salty. Good:I got some sweet spicy shrimp dish that was more sweet than anything. Delicious but sweet. Shrimp w/ garlic was good. Steamed veg w garlic sauce on side - good amount of sauce but bulked up w/ lots of filler like celery. Just ok: Gen tso's mock chicken - sauce is a bit bland More generous portion than jujube treeChicken won ton soup
Food is great. Service is HORRIBLE. Minor - They don't even greet you, they just ask "how many?" My table and the table next to ours had to ask for our water. They also didn't give the little crackers to us in the begining (whatevs). Major- We had our 1 year old son with us and he drops his food on the table and floor as he eats. I always clean up after him (both the table and floor) but this lady started sweeping AS WE WERE eating and while she is sweeping she is sucking her teeth and shaking her head. It was a very uncomfortable experience. Plus she kept looking at my son playing with the fork/spoon and tried to take it away from him. I was so confused like I'm sorry I didn't bring my son in a damn bubble. I'm usually not picky with service because who cares if the food is good. I eat my food and leave but it was pretty bad. She even rolled her eyes when we asked for a to go box. She gives us one box. There are 3 entrees on the table. It was THAT bad. I will never dine in again. I'm still sitting here thinking how hard is it to be nice?Food - 5Service - 0 I'm from Jersey so I'm glad Fatima's isn't my only option.
Long wait, but worth it! Heard so much about this Chinese Halal Spot that we had to check it out. Here's what we ordered and my review based on the times: - Kung Pao Chicken - I loved it!! Really delicious and I would definitely recommend getting this. Only negative point is that it lacked having the whole red chili peppers and this is supposed to be one of the main things in Kung Pao Chicken. But overall, it's addicting! - Shrimp Fried Rice - compared to other Chinese fast food spots, their fried rice is definitely a winner. Rice is cooked perfectly, good amounts of shrimp and flavorful! - Hot Wings - I wouldn't recommend this item. It was soggy and loaded with sauce. - Garlic Beef - my husband loved this dish, a bit sweet so not my favorite. Overall, I'd highly recommend checking out Fatima's. Make sure you order ahead, this place is packed with orders and you may have to end up waiting 30mins or so.
My go to Chinese spot. Consistently good sweet and sour chicken, sesame chicken and they serve brown rice. Add some mixed vegetables and you have you balanced meal. The restaurant is well run, always clean and the workers are friendly.
Ordered sesame chicken and chicken with garlic and Dumplings. Food arrived an hour late and it wasn't fresh. Very hard to chew. Seems like it was microwaved. I called a day later to let the Manager(Fatima) know she was keep denying about the quality of the food and not willing to listen.Then, I asked for Owner she refused to give me the owner contact information.
Large portions, tastes way better than your regular Chinese food. Always tastes fresh, just love it. Not a big fan of their "sizzling" seafood options though.
Came from tampa fl. They say when in NYC Chinese food is a must so I yelped vigorously. I took yelpers advice and came and had general tso. Heaven in my mouth. I will never enjoy Chinese food ever again in tampa.
Fatima's is the best halal Chinese place. As much as I love halal kitchen in Sunnyside, Fatimas is a little better.
The food here is easily the best chinese food take out I've ever had. I always find myself going back for their fried beef dumplings which are incredibly juicy so eat with caution! Other favorites are the Golden Sesame Shrimp chef special and the Singapore Mei Fun. Delivery has always been reliable but remember, they only take cash!
Four.five star review.I've been going to this place for over five years now and I'm finally writing a review. I'll admit the first time I went here I was't even too sure what the difference would be between a Halal Chinese takeout and a regular one. Well, it's not just a takeout place but also has a dine-in area with a ton of seating compared to your usual takeout. But take note, it's usually pretty packed during dinner time and that's dinner time Monday through Sunday, all week. So if you want to dine in either dine in early or a little bit after prime dinner time (6pm -  9pm maybe?)But the biggest difference is of course the food.So although the princes are a bit more than all of the other Chinese take out spots in the area, the quality of the food is much higher. The taste of the beef and chicken alone trumps the majority of take out locations I've eaten from. So regardless if you're getting some sort of Lo Mein, Sweet & Sour Chicken, Sesame Chicken (one of my favorite dishes here), or just fried rice - there is a much more flavorful experience from the dishes that are served at Fatima's. Oh yes, I actually believe my favorite dish would be the Pepper Steak & Onions. Even if it is served with a small amount of white rice, the boneless steak is juicy and the onions add an incredible flavor to it. It's worth the price.Additionally, any of the dishes that has vegetables tends to actually have more vegetables in comparison to their counterparts in the area. The only thing that I can criticize is that any of the items with a pepper icon next to it isn't really that spicy. In addition, I would advise that to get the best bang for your buck that you either hit them up during their lunch specials (Monday through Friday from 11:00am to 3:30pm) since it comes with a decent amount of rice (or chicken fried rice) and or with a soda or soup. If you can't make lunch get a dinner combination. It doesn't come with a drink but the portion is much more worth it than the regular entrees. They usually serve the entrees with a small amount of white rice. Lastly, I wish they took credit cards. It's CASH ONLY and I feel since they charge a tiny bit more than the other Chinese takeout spots, they'd accommodate by having a charge system.So almost six years later, this is still the best spot in Astoria for Chinese food whether or takeout or dining in.
I always get the beef with garlic sauce with chicken fried rice. I just wish they would cut the beef into smaller pieces but other than that it's amazing! The cheese wontons are perfection. Didn't like the chicken dumplings so stay away!! Beef teriyaki was really good too!!
I have been coming here for over 7 years now. Always the best halal Chinese food! It's very different from regular Chinese food. Their food is soo flavorful and delicous. But the only downside is there service is HORRIBLE. There's this one Asian Lady who's always so rude. The guys is always so nice but this one lady is so rude and doesn't care about her customers.
It's not surprising that this location has great reviews. It is little sad to be working in Long Island City when you get not many choices to order food for lunch(compare to working in Manhattan) yet it could have been despair if Fatima isn't existed. Not sure about they are using fresh, good ingredients on their food, but I am sure that their foods are tasty. One of my favorite food from them is Singapore Mei Fun. I believe they have best one among all Chinese cuisine in NYC. I would recommend to try it with flat noodle instead of traditional thin noodle. You won't be missing drunken noodle from Thai cuisine.Location accept only cash and they charge $1.00 for delivery.
My wife and i went here and had a killer meal! This is a great place for people who eat halal. It's pretty hard to find halal food besides hotdogs of lamb/chicken over rice.With Fatima's kitchen NYC has a great alternative. I had the spicey garlic glazed wings with brown rice and my wife the sezuan shrimps with brown rice. As a side we had thr chicken dumplings. All meals were great, we'll be back for sure!
This is the hands down best Chinese food restaurant in Astoria. My recommendations are: Chinese wontons, beef fried dumplings, the beef with mushrooms, the half fried chicken, shrimp looking mein, general taos chicken, chicken with vegetables. I will suggest getting a side of the sweet and sour sauce for the cheese wontons. I've been a customer for over ten years and this place always delivers both in house and for delivery.
Best chinese food in town. Who needs pork when you have delicious chicken with garlic sauce here? Thanks
This is the best Chinese restaurant in Astoria. Food is much better when you dine-in. Take out and delivery is still good. Minus points for cash-only and a lie on their menu that says "free delivery" which is actually $1.
Charged us for extra hot sauce packets ! ! What cheapskates.  Food is better than most.   They give lots of food and the price is reasonable.   Service over phone is good.   I've had one unpleasant experience while ordering in the restaurant with her behavior.   However, takeout service is good.   Try Halal kitchen in woodside also but be warned that they give far less meat.  I think stinginess is an epidemic among Chinese establishments.
Get their general tso's chicken! It is the best! Also, they're cash only so bring cash!!!
A staple halal Chinese joint. No matter where I go, the quality here cannot be beat. Fast attentive service and their food is great. Lunch specials are very affordable and a LOT of food.
Fatima's is a great fast food Chinese spot. I love their food it's delicious and always so good! The staff are friendly and kind. The pepper steak, broccoli chicken, chicken fried rice & hot and sour soup are all amazing.They do not accept any credit cards or debit cards. Cash only. I have been here several times and will definitely return.
Terribly rude, rushed service.Called for take out for some basics like General Tso and Shrimp with garlic.  The lady was extremely rude to my girlfriend.  All she would say is "OK OK" interrupting during the order and not even confirming the items or asking what type of rice.  Then at the end she just quickly hung up without even taking a name.The General Tso's Chicken was just average, a little too chewy.  The egg roll was excellent, and my girlfriend liked her shrimp.  However, for just maybe slightly above average Chinese take out it was not worth being treated so poorly.  Especially when Fortune Cookie and Friendly Restaurant nearby are super friendly.I will be taking my business elsewhere going forward.-2.5 stars - Rude customer service-.5 stars - Meh general tso's
Amazing food. You wont be disappointed. Always fresh. Favorite dish of mine would have to be sizzling chicken or cashew chicken.
I just LOVE Fatimas!! My boyfriend and I had been big fans of Xing's Chef on Ditmars until I read a Reddit thread about the best Chinese in Astoria. Fatimas was the overall fan top vote, so we knew we had to check it out right away.The actual restaurant looks like any old Chinese take out spot (nothing fancy) and the service is very attentive.I order the sesame chicken and the veggie lo mein and OH MY GOD! It was the best sesame chicken I have ever had. It was juicy pieces of white meat with a lovely fried crunch and sesame glaze. Nothing mushy or unrecognizable. The leftovers also reheated brilliantly.The veggie lo mein also has some of the best flavor I've found in the neighborhood AND it water chesnuts in it too!Flashforward, a couple months later, my boyfriend and I frequent Fatimas on a weekly basis! We haven't gotten it delivered yet (because it's so good right out of the kitchen) but we'll definitely be trying it soon.Highly HIGHLY reccommend Fatimas! This is the Chinese food you've been craving!
It pains me to leave a mediocre review for what once was one of my favorite go-to delivery and halal joints, but as a regular for years I've unfortunately noticed a steady decline in the restaurant.The quality of the beef is not as good as it once was, the prices have gone up, the delivery times are annoyingly long, and the customer service is not as reliable.  The most infuriating thing is how much smaller the accompanying white rice has become-- it's almost unconscionable to give such little rice in complete disproportion with the dish you order.I had a recent issue that was a final straw for me -- they sent me the wrong order (wrong size, so more expensive), but rather than taking my word for it and either complimenting the order or charging me according to what I said I ordered, they said to send the food back and that at some point that night, they'd resend (even though I had already waited a very long time to get the first delivery).  They were very stubborn and distrustful of me, though I'm a regular customer-- insisting that I must have placed the order as they sent it.Still, this is a decent halal chinese restaurant.  The garlic chicken, general tsaos, schezwuan beef, lo mein, and fried rice, are good bets.  I would ask for everything to be spicy, otherwise some dishes can be a bit bland.I hope fatima's can return to its former glory in my eyes.  :-/
Delicious, inexpensive, not greasy.  What more could you ask for?! Delivery is cash only. Call for delivery- don't think they are online.
***COCKROACH IN FOOD******Food has always been mediocre Chinese food but its one of the few halal Chinese spots. Their subpar service and terrible costumer service is one thing but yesterday we finally found a COCKROACH in the beef chilli. And no its not one of the ingredients. When we confronted the owner, she told us to keep our voice down so other customers do not hear and offered to make us another plate. And reimbursed us 22 dollars. Lets just be clear when ur Resturant is making shitty food with bugs in it and i find a bug. I think its safe to say that im not paying for my meal that night. But we were asked to keep it "hush hush" and sent on our way, with no explanation no resolution. Today my dad who is a long time costumer called Fatima,who is the actual owner of Fatima. She told my dad "if you dont like our food if you dont want to be my friend, dont come to my Resturant." My dad wont loose sleep. AVOID fatima restaurant at all cost. Not because of the way they treated us but because they add cockroaches to their food.
The misses, myself and my little man Ethan decided to drop by Saturday evening, expecting the place to be empty. Wow we were wrong, it was packed but luckily we got a table immediately. This is still a 'standard' Chinese fast food place but with a few staffers and tons of tables.The Good: The food was amazing. We tried chicken dumplings, Beef with scallions and jumbo shrimps.The Bad: Service needs a little attention however it was bearable. Unlike a normal sit down restaurant, don't expect your waiter to stop by and ask how you are doing. We will visit again because the food was very good. PS. I recommend you try the European Ice cream shop few stores down. The hazelnut ice ream is delicious. I bet you never had hazelnut ice before!
Food was good and fresh. Last time I visited this place was during a Muslim holiday and the place was packed. People were even siting outside the Resturant and eating. That time the food quality wasn't bad but it wasn't good either so I decided to give this resturant another chance after 2 years lol. This time I loved it.
Normally order from them and the food is good but asked for extra hot sauce they have ten packets of ketchup. Asked for chicken and broccoli got chicken broccoli carrots onions and other vegetables. Why is that hard to get an order right. Every time there is a mistake with our delivery! Pay attention to your orders!
It IS a take out place, don't expect too muchthen you'll be happy since honestly this is the only edible Chinese in Astoria.
Great place for quick fix Chinese food. Liked the egg rolls and the Kung pao chicken it was crispy and saucy. Their fried rice and lo mein are also well flavored, not bland or soy sauce-tasting like you would get at a lot of places.
Fatima's is an easy place for me to review because it is just so good. I'm not really crazy about Chinese food but this place is an exception for me. My friends, my love, my family all enjoy having food here. There are many chinese food spots in NYC and quite some halal chinese spots at that but this one excels well beyond any in either category. Fatima's Halal Chinese food is terrific because: 1) It's halal, allhumdullilah. It's a blessing to be able to have access to halal food in NYC. A few of the ladies (part of the staff that are there often) are muslim, and so it is comforting to know these halal options are available. 2) the quality of the food is superb. My most favorite thing to eat is HOT & SOUR soup. I am a firm believer in the fact that the easiest way to tell how good a restaurant is is to order a dish that is basic and relies much of its flavor on just the ingredients of the dish itself and how fresh they are. The Hot & Sour soup is simply better than any other chinese spot I've ate at over the years. As far as the food is concerned, I've had the Garlic wings, fried chicken, hunan chicken, hunan beef, everything is spectacular so go with whatever your heart desires. You will not be disappointed.The ambience inside is not romantic at all. It's a medium to small place and can get extremely packed especially at dinner, weekends and during Ramadan so plan accordingly (take out may not be a bad option if you can afford to do it). If you want great Chinese food period, this is the spot. Thank me later.
I've been coming here for years and the food is just amazing! I've never had better! The food is fresh and flavorful.  But the service isn't great. The staff tends to not be attentive and gets easily frustrated when you ask for basic utensils and water.
I love this damn place. Portion size out your ears, prices that are just right, and delivery that's on point! They have the best hot & sour soup I've ever had. Mmm. Definitely a place I would miss if I moved away.
Best Chinese in the area! Actually, I would say in the city itself. General Tso shrimp is amazing!
Best Chinese food in Astoria. It's on a whole different scale compared to all other takeout places. The General Tso's chicken is amazing and the Beef Lo mein is just the absolute best I've ever had. Great for dining in and takeout, although the interior decor is very moderate and looks more like a takeout spot than a restaurant. Nonetheless, the food is all amazing and just slightly more than average Chinese takeout by $1 or less.
The best chinese reastraunt overall that I have ever tasted, kung pao chicken is the best thing here. They have one of the best hot wings,(you're probbably thinking hot wings in a chinese reastraunt?! Trust me they are slaaming good) just dont order the chicken nuggets, save you're appitie for the other stuff on the menu. And I wish they accepted cards....
The usual Chinese takeout fare but all with Halal meat and chicken.  That adds both flavor and a cleaner taste to the food.  Mixed in with the usual urban types are all kinds of Muslims and Muslim families, often wearing traditional clothing.....a unique sort of ethnic and multi ethnic experience.The best and highest quality "Chinese Food" and a unique mixture of clientele...only in New York!
One of the good places serves halal food. The service was ok, I have had wrong order several times. If you have time and you eat only halal food, you can go there
This place was a conundrum to me at first as it was named Fatima's and was Halal, yet served Chinese food.  I soon got over it as I tasted the delicious food.  I wasn't sure what level of food to expect even after reading some reviews.  Was it 4 star place for a take-out restaurant, or 4 star place fore genuine Chinese restaurant... I will need to go back and order more challenging dishes to make, but when I went I ordered the scallops with Chinese veges that came with soup and chicken fried rice along with the steamed vege dumplings.  The sauce on the food had a traditional taste, unlike the brown or garlic sauce every take-out place uses.  The scallop portion to me was touch sparse but not enough to get annoyed over.  The dumplings were decent for what they were incorporating traditional clear vege noodles and cabbage in them.  The service was on point with (what looked to be the son of the owner) him being very responsive and polite to requests.  I will definitely come back to see how they are with more traditional offerings (which this place surprisingly has) and update this review.
The food taste good. Price is reasonable. The only thing I complain is the attitude of the waitress. Rude and lack of emphaty. She should have treated us with respect. I doubt if they are really moslem as they claim to sell halal food. Definitely need to learn about service excellence.
Best sweet and sour soup, hands down.
STAYYYY AWAYYY!!! Food is horrible. The servers are rude. The store is dirty. They opened the kitchen door and it looked like a disgusting junk yard. Best way to compare their kitchen is a dumpster. OH AND ITS CASH ONLY IF YOU TRY PAYING BY CARD YOU GET YELLED AT.
This is a fun packed tiny restaurant stuffed somewhere in the culture of Queens. I am so glad I stumbled upon it in my travels. Since then there hasn't been a trip to New York I haven't been here. The word Amazing doesn't justify how good their food is. You can point to anything on the menu and will be immensely happy that you ordered it. The only downside is it's a very small restaurant with a few tables and they only accept cash. But it's certainly worth the trouble for the delicious Chinese food.
I Love that this place is halal!! The Kung pao chicken is my new favorite dish, the male waiter suggested it to me. It's so crispy and in comes in a little sauce, I had that with vegetable rice, with a little soy sauce on the rice it's perfect. I also get the beef fried rice and chicken wings which i also enjoy. I feel like recently their food is more tasty. I go there with my family or cousins just to sit, chit chat, and enjoy the food. They serve on platters if you ask.
Great spot for the right price, taste and quantity. Highly recommend to following:Hot and sour soup,  shrimp dumplings, chicken wings for appetizersSubgum Wor bar, General Tso chicken, Sezhuan chicken, beef with broccoli
Great food and it's halal. So stop glaring at this review, get your stank ass off the sofa and go to this place!
After a long flight, my family ordered lots of food about 30 minutes before closing, but the food was ready within 15 minutes! We ordered the Beef Lo Mein, Sweet and Sour Chicken, Hot n Sour soup, Egg Drop soup, Wonton Soup, Chicken Egg Rolls, and Chicken Dumplings. We enjoyed all of the food, but really loved the Lo Mein, Egg Rolls, Hot n Sour/Egg Drop soup. If we're ever back in Astoria, we'll visit again. Good halal food after a tiring day of traveling.They do offer free delivery, but since we were at a hotel, we drove down and picked it up.
If you want good "take out" chinese/halal look no further. What i mean is the fried rice is done right not too greasy and the general whichever chicken is nice and crispy. Four stars for quality take out food done right without worrying about it being too greasy or salty. Then having no expectations of this place and consistently doing it right because i wasn't sure if the first three times were by accident.
Fatima's has been the go to Chinese food place for my family and I. However, after visiting them today and ordering three different dishes that tasted the same, we have vowed to never return. There's horrible service, to the point where it seems as if the wait staff is overly eager for you to leave. The plates and utensils do not seem sanitary, and their prices have gone up!
This place never dissappoints. Been going here for years. Try the steamed dumplings, ridiculously good
Wow. When I first read Chinese and Halal I wasn't sure how it would taste. Now I'm thinking about converting to Islam :-)The food was amazing and tasty. Nothing like any other Chinese food I tried in my life. 4 stars for quality. One star is missing for not being available on seamless and for not making the food as spicy as I wanted even though I asked them twice to make it extra spicy. Still THE BEST
If u can deal wid waitresses bad behavior den its a very gud place, tasty food n halal , gud sitting place , jus gud lick wid da patience wid waitress
Love their Chinese cuisine and the halal factor makes it so much better. Try something new every time and haven't been disappointed yet. Good place to bring out of town family members who are always seeking halal Chinese options. Reasonably priced and decent portions too.
Super fast delivery. The food is so delicious. Easily the best Chinese food I have eaten in Astoria. General tso's is possibly the best I have ever had.Just remember they are halal so there's no pork!
Last night I had a craving for Chinese food but I really didn't want to make the trek to Chinatown...I'm so happy I checked this place out:Service: the staff was friendly and quick to bring us everything we asked for and to take away our empty plates. Interior: classic Chinese restaurant decor/setup. Everything was very clean as far as we could tell. Food: everything our party of four ordered was good with the exception of the Szechuan seafood - it was mostly crabstick. The hot and sour soup was fantastic, Hunan chicken hit the spot, and I highly recommend the standard fare (egg rolls, friend rice, and lo mein).
Best Chinese food in Astoria! It's one of the only Chinese food places where I've seen the place packed with seated people.
Good gone bad.  I used to love this place (well, for NY chinese anyway).  Their prices have gone up... I didn't think that was an issue considering their food is fresh and the portions are good.  I thought wrong.  The portions are still good, but the quality went down the drain.  Not to mention they are cheating out and filling us up with broccoli.....  I ordered dragon and Phoenix....I've had theirs before and it was great....this time it was basically chicken and broccoli. there were 3 shrimp and  one small chunk of lobster.  It looked like the cook accidentally dropped them in.  The teriyaki beef stick is usually great too... now, the meat is thin and the flavor is absent.  Too bad.   I guess its time to travel out to flushing for fresh (and more authentic) Chinese.
favorite chinese spot in NYC. Tried almost everything on the menu, and I love it. My favorite had to be the teriyaki chicken and the king pao chicken. Yum.Yum.Yummmm.
Our go to spot for local Chinese takeout - this place does not have the best Chinese you have ever eaten, but they are great in their niche - the food is good, the tastes consistent, and their delivery game is on point.
I'd think twice about sitting in but the deliveries or take-outs are great. The best Americanized Chinese food I've had in NYC.
Excellent food. I was surprised to find that they even serve fried kway teow (Singapore char fun) noodles(not listed on the menu) . They are an expert at the usuals like lo mein, general tso's, fried rice. You can't go wrong with those. Once I tried them, I experimented with the rest of their menu. And to my delight everything I've picked so far has been a winner. Delivery is super fast (within 20-30 min for me at Ditmars). Super economical.
Honestly, the food here is some of my favorite chinese food in all of NYC. Then why did I give it 3 stars? Because these people do not know what reservation means. We reserved a table for 13 for 8:30 on a Saturday night by calling in the afternoon and weren't seated till 9:10+On a happier note, the sesame chicken and beef on stick are superb here. Just don't expect good, attentive service
i never eat chinese food. always hated it. but after the gym today, i needed something quick with vegetables. and god dam they are good. i got mixed vegetables with fried rice and added stringbeans. the food was packed with flavor
I usually love this place however my most recent visit was horrible. I ordered the sesame chicken for me and my gf and both of us couldn't not taste the chicken in it.....I began to cut he pieces of chicken open and they were either empty or they just had the fat portion of meat in them. It was like eating fried batter. None the less their meat quality has gone down the drain and I will never go there again.
The food is ok but the service needs improvement. Also, a bit crowded with people being pushed into corners. Staff is friendly but the atmosphere is more fast food instead of restaurant.
I always order from this place! Great Chinese food in Astoria.Chicken and broccoli is on point. Lunch special is 8.35 in total when you do delivery.
I bemoaned the lack of quality Chinese food in Astoria for years. The fact was, I hadn't looked beyond Seamless. Silly, stupid girl. I finally stumbled upon Fatima's and I am so so glad I did. This is hands down the best Chinese food I've ever had. Every single dish is super fresh (from the whole, crisp, steamed vegetables in the veggie fried rice to the crunchy, never-greasy sweet and sour chicken and the tasty sauces on the orange chicken and chicken lo mein), the food doesn't make you feel heavy or weighed down as a lot of food at other Chinese places does, and the prices are unbeatable. Also I've never waited more than 20 minutes for takeout or delivery.The only downsides (which are not great enough to detract from my 5 star rating) are they only take cash and obviously there's no pork. But I have to say, I hardly even care.
The worst service. Terrible experience dining in and ordering food. Very slow and careless.
I do not like giving one and two star reviews (this is my first 2 star review) but I have to say with Jackson heights a couple stops away this place cannot get 4 stars, not even 3. If this were the only Chinese in the area I would understand all the good reviews, however this is an insanely average restaurant. It is cheap and fast and most dishes are flavorful (maybe over flavored), however they achieve this through the use of an overabundance of sauces and salt rather than interesting cooking methods and real Chinese cooking techniques.
I love the food. It's amazing starting with their dumplings to their general tsos. Everything is just delicious.
Fatima's is always my go-to place for Chinese food in Astoria. I like it because the meats are less "saucy" and the noodles are less "greasy" then most Chinese takeouts. I usually order the beef and broccoli with lo mein and I've never been disappointed. My only knock is that sometimes the service can be a bit slow and food my take a while if they're busy. So order by phone in advance.
I've been going to Fatima's since I was a kid and they had their first branch in Maspeth. And then we discovered that they were opening up a restaurant in Astoria. We were psyched about this since that's where we live and because authentic Halal Chinese food within an arm's reach? I mean that's almost too good to be true. But it is. Long story short, or short story long, Fatima's is getting 5 stars because of the quality of food and how quickly food is always ready. The service in terms of how friendly your server is can be a little inconsistent at times, but one this is for certain, they are always to the point and they get the job done. So in that case, yes it would be an added plus if your server was friendly, but if you're satisfied then does it really matter?We have gotten food catered from here and it's been fine. We have gone here in large groups and it's been fine. Just try to call ahead and make a reservation or give them a heads up. Try to be there a bit earlier then necessary especially during Ramadan because they get overwhelmed with customers! But if you give yourself enough time, it's always fine in the end. Just remember to have cash handy!
Fresh ingredients and Not greasy. Had the chicken with mixed vegetables with spicy garlic sauce with white rice, only 6.50 tax included and it was great.My favorite Astoria Chinese food spot.
We walked in very late. They close at 11 pm, we get there at 1040, and the place is empty but they choose to seat us (7 of us including 2 children). They did not complain that it's too late. They were ok with us being late customers, the food was prepared as delicious as always, and they did not rush us! Everyone enjoyed the food!!! Highly recommend anyone that's looking for halal Chinese food to skip all other places, and go here!
I love this place a lot. When I'm looking for a quick (and cheap) dinner option, Fatima's is always #1 on that list. My expectations for Chinese take-out is pretty realistic and Fatima's kicks it up a notch. Things I love: Kung Pao Chicken, Beef Lo-mein, Bean Curd and Vegetables. The meat is always fresh and the lo-mein is never too greasy. The rice is a little bit dry but I mean again, my expectations of take-out is not that high. I haven't tried any the traditional dishes yet but as far as Chinese American take-out goes - this is the best I've ever had. Props!
My go to Chinese haven!They don't have online ordering, you can only order over the phone, but not to worry, they have a system that memorizes your address and it's really quite pleasant to give them a call! They also only take cash, so be prepared! I always order the General Toas, the lunch special is the perfect size! Since it is halal, the meat is much more fresh and really tastes amazing, Also, their won ton soup is the best I have ever had. Super flavorful unlike some watery, sad interpretations I have ingested. I've never eaten in the restaurant, but with their fast delivery and delicious food make my day every time!
We ordered hot n sour soup, schezwan beef, garlic chicken, chicken lomain, and general Tso's chicken. Each and every item that we order was excellent! This is the best Halal Chinese food I've had to date!!! The absolute best is the general Tso's chicken. The service was fast and courteous! There was a huge line outside and our wait time was 30 minutes -- worth every minute!!
I have been there many time. I have tried many items from the menu and I never had a complain about a single item. I love their beef teriyaki on stick. It is a must have.When it comes to service, I doubt they even know what that word means. Asking the waiter to come twice to your table is a crime for which you will be punished by a deathly glare. If you ask for a glass of water that is another crime that you will be punished by a look that will say "really? You want a free glass of water?" If you take a little extra time to look at the menu that will be punished by the waiter leaving your table and not returning unless you get down on your knees and beg. Lastly, you will be presented with a check when you are 2/3 done with your food.If all these happened to me during one visit, I would probably think it was a bad day. However, several years of visiting the place, I always find the same type of service.
best chinese food ever. period.. done! i have been going here since i was a little kid with my family.. if you eat halal or not, the quality and flavor is just so much better than any chinese restaurant. the sisters who own it are great people. i love this place, it is holy grail and super cheap in this crazy economy. they give big portions and you always have leftovers. there are not enough great hings to say about this place.
I love that they don't use MSG, they have steamed diet dishes, and have a variety of traditional Chinese take-out! Cash only!
The chicken wings with garlic sauce were so flavorful, crunchy, and saucy all at the same time! They're my favorite! The house special noodles and the regular chicken wings were great too. Love the portions and the quality of the food.
I love your noodles. Really good Lomein, almost all dishes are perfect and very consistent in expectations.
It's probably not a good idea to go to Fatima's for Iftaar. Extremely busy - which conflicts with the quality of food and service.
Delicious food, SUPER FAST service (like, unreal), friendly staff, large variety on menu. Very pleased.
The best Chinese food I've been to.  There's many Chinese food places but the quality of food from their dishes in comparison to the rest is by far the best.It's good to note they are always very busy.  So plan ahead, order and wait patiently.  I was impressed by the way they handle inpatient guests.  They are very welcoming. Shrimp with broccoli is my dish to order.  If your ordering Chinese take out definitely give them a try.  You won't be disappointed.
Really good Chinese food. The people working are very nice and attentive. I loved their general tsos and fried rice. I would come here again if I'm in the area!
Not too bad. Beef & Broccoli was a tad bit salty and spent too much time marinating in baking soda, making the meat a little too bouncy. The broccoli was nice and had a little crunch to it. The flavor of the General Tso's was decent but the crust was not crispy at all even when eaten fresh. Everything was oily as expected. Overall, not overwhelmed or underwhelmed, met my expectations of NY's Americanized Chinese takeout.
Pretty good food, reasonably priced. The chicken kun po was amazing. Best noodles you can get in Astoria. Totally would eat here again.
Delicious food, amazing service! Always end up going back. Also great for family dining.
I go here and get take out once a week... it's almost embarrassing. This place is usually packed. I've ordered the chicken and broccoli (and it's delicious), beef with rice noodles (it's great), some other noodle dish (which was good), and NOTE: This isn't a fine dining establishment. This is your no-nonsense, I will not substitute, chinese joint. I've been here a lot and noticed while waiting for my take out that they don't do any of that that relates to service... then again I don't think people tip here.
The food is very good if your looking for a good halal spot. Inexpensive as well. I only made a phone order and it took about 30 mins for the food to get ready since I made a pick up orderI hate here- but the customer services can be a lil mor friendly and inviting.
Best Chinese food in Astoria - food is cooked perfectly (I hate getting greasy fried food and this place always cooks their food well). They have good lunch specials and only downside is they are sometimes packed at night (like all good restaurants). Pickup/take out is always done very quickly and delivery guys are quick.
Guys... you gotta try to Chicken Wonton Soup! If you're in the mood for Mom's homemade chicken soup with a Chinese flair, then this is the soup for you! I was feeling a little under the weather yesterday with a sore throat and decided to get some. It was perfection. Delicious comforting soup at a really cheap price.... and the wontons are fantastic! We also ordered shrimp egg rolls and some vegetable lo mein... all delicious! The eggrolls are really good quality too. We are definitely going to make this our go-to chinese spot in Astoria. And the soup!!! So delicious!!!
I've heard so many good things about this place so I had to try it. I ordered Shrimp Chop Suey, the food was fresh and made to order. I can definitely see myself eating from here again.
One of the better chinese food delivery in Astoria. For some reason, halal chinese seems "cleaner"?
Great place! Food is always good and pricing is decent. Come here all the time for the lunch special. Definitly recommend the sesame chicken! Only thing that sucks is that they don't accept credit cards. Otherwise, overall great place!
Just walked out of this place with the most unpleasant experience. We walked in on a Saturday evening waiting half an hour for a table for a party of 5 only to be told they couldn't accommodate us. Instead, they gave more and more space to an ever growing part of 10+. I get it; attend to the party from which you'll get a bigger profit but, at least have the courtesy to tell me sorry and inform what the potential wait time is beforehand. Upon confronting them, all they had to say was, "I don't know, I can't do anything". If you want professionalism and etiquettes, walk away from this place.
This has been my go-to Chinese restaurant for some time now. Most of the time, I order take-out.  But every once in a while, I'll eat in the restaurant--usually with someone who's visiting from out-of-town (or simply out of the neighborhood).  Either way, the food is very, very good.As others have pointed out, going there is an interesting experience because all kinds of people--from hipsters to Muslims in traditional garb to the remnants of the Queens blue-collar class--eat there.  All seem to enjoy it.The best thing about this place is that the food tastes noticeably fresher, and is certainly less oily, than what I've had in other Chinese take-out places.  Plus, the staff weren't fazed when I asked them to make my food less salty but more spicy.  Now that I'm a regular, I don't even have to ask.Once, one of the owners told me how the restaurant came to be.  Interestingly, neither she nor the others are Muslims.  She told me they had been working in the restaurant of a Hong Kong hotel frequented by businessmen from the Middle East.  That was how they learned how to make their food Halal (at least, whatever dishes could be adapted:  You can't make moo soo pork or spare ribs Halal any more than you can make them Kosher!).Just remember that this place doesn't accept credit or ATM cards--it's cash-only.
Also to add to my earlier review of this place my coworker found a hair in her fried rice. When we called they were nasty. This place is just bad. Never again!!!
Do it! Eat here! As a life long Astoria resident my favorite Chinese food restaurant shut down a few years ago and I have been on a quest for food even slightly comparable to that one.  Although, I live on the other side of Astoria I was in the neighborhood and decided (after reading all these positive reviews) to try Fatima's. I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and my friend had the Curry Chicken.  Delivery was super fast and courteous.   I was impressed!!  I found my new favorite Chinese spot!! Delicious!
Food is basic, very unflavored food, hyped of for no reason, overly priced, terrible costumer service, will not be going back, charged me 2 dollars just for asking to making the food more spicy, all they want is your money. screw this place.
I love coming here, because it's halal and my beautiful girlfriend loves Chinese food. We are usual guests here, but the waiter is typically rude. I asked for a cup of water and a cup of ice, and he gave me an attitude and disgusting look. It really upset me, because it wasn't much of a request. I finished my cup of water and most restaurants will refill it when the empty cup is sitting on your table for 15 + minutes. The food is good, just not fresh. Seems like they always rush you out of here.
In my opinion, this is the best Halal Chinese place in queens. Love their General Tsos chicken and the sesame beef is out of this world!!!
So, I was a bit shocked to see that Chinese food can be served halal style.  Well, I'm kinda glad, though, since why not? Anyway, my recommendations for this sweet spot would be hot wings, hot wings, hot wings.  For sure hot wings from Chinese spots I find better than franchises that specialize in it.  This place's hot wings are so incredibly good, I can't describe it.  Second recommendation would be chicken with broccoli on brown rice if you're feeling like having a full meal.  My full meal would consist of just hot wings, but for anyone else I highly recommend the chicken with broccoli on brown rice.  Good eats!
If you're looking for quick take-out, forget it! Every time I order it takes almost an hour and I only live a few blocks away.  And the worst part is they are never honest about how long it will take.  Pity because the food is really decent.
First of all let's get one thing out of the way : this place isn't run by a woman named Fatima nor does it have any association with Muslims. The place is run entirely by Chinese folks and whether the meat is or isn't Halal (That's arabic for Kosher) is hard to say, I'm neither Muslim nor am I privy to their inner workings.I ordered a classic take out staple to test their wares : Beef fried rice with chicken wings. I got it to pickup and by the time I got cash out of the ATM and drove down there it was already waiting for me. Smelled great in the car...I digged in at home and the chicken was perfectly fried, crispy but just so tasty. Downside? They're kinda small, probably much smaller than you would expect from a takeout restaurant but maybe that's what makes the chicken "halal". The beef in the fried rice was tender and slightly chewy, but not stringy. Overall that's impressive, the sign of a good chinese restaurant is one that can cook beef without it being too chewy. Fatima's definitely accomplished that.The fried rice was well cooked with great color, but I did find it a little sweet and not rich enough in flavor. Overall my meal came out to $7 and change, would definitely recommend. This is definitely the best Chinese in Astoria and there are always at least 2-3 tables of eat-in diners. If you do eat-in the dishes are served on real plates and the presentation seemed above what you would expect from a take-out joint.
I saw lots of people in this restaurant everytime i pass by here. So, i had a nice expectation about this place. However, the General tso's chicken was terrible. Couldnt find any chickens in the big crispy batter. All i ate was batter not chicken. Never going back here again.
hot diggity! i've only ordered delivery from here. always fast, always tasty. chicken fried rice and general tso's combo is a perfect cheap and easy dinner.
Finding good Chinese in New York has become difficult. Was recommended to try this by a friend and am finding it to be very hit or miss. Much more of a miss to honest, but desperate hunger leads you places you sometimes say you'd never go. The texture of the chicken and level of which it's cooked changes EVERYTIME. Sweet and sour dishes are meant to arrive crispy, not soggy and tasteless. Also 50% of the time you are left with uncooked broccoli. Strangest order was when the sweet and sour sauce arrived 1/3 full. Safe to say this place has been given many chances. Everyone says New York has the best Chinese... Still searching.
Ehhhh, mediocre at best. Top One over on 31st and Broadway is much, MUCH better than Fatima's. A quick comparison will reveal this:Sweet & Sour chicken:Top One - deliciously crunchy with nice, substantive sweet & sour sauceFatima's - chicken's fine but the sweet & sour sauce is *incredibly* watered down and bland...just not that goodFried rice:Top One - as always, just awesome; doesn't taste too greasy and they will take the weird stringy vegetables out for you if you don't want themFatima's - this was actually pretty good (got the chicken fried rice, which is the first time I've had chicken...because they're a halal place, there's no pork), and much better than the sweet & sour chickenPrice:Top One - less than $8 for a combo plateFatima's - closer to $10 for the same thingSorry, I prefer Top One. Plus, Top One carries orange chicken, which is just amazing. Fatima's does not.
My roommate and I order every single Sunday. We love it! Since it is halal you give up the pork fried rice but the chicken fried rice is better if you ask me. Delivery is quick as well. Some people may find cash only to be an issue but this place is so good we never mind.
This is by far the place with the rudest service I've ever experienced. It is beyond rude -- it is offensive. I entered the place on a Sunday evening. While there were people in the restaurant, there were some available tables too. I stood in the entrance and waited for the waitress to acknowledge that I was there -- but she seemed to go out of her way to not even look at me. After 5 minutes of waiting I came up to her, asking if there's room for one. while i was talking, she didn't even stop to listen, but just interrupted me saying "no" and moved on.I could have gone up to the take-out counter and asked again -- but I just felt unwelcome so I left. In general, in the few moments that I spent in that place -- it did not look like a nice restaurant. the door handles were sticky, there were flies all around, the fluorescent lights were flickering and the general feeling resembled a suspicious clinic in a developing country. Bottom line -- no kind of food can justify such an attitude and lack of hygiene.
Food here was pretty good, but not the best I've had. This may be a bit biased because where I'm from, I'm used to really authentic chinese food. But the price here is amazing. I got the lunch special with sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, and an egg roll for only $6.25, which is a great deal.One thing to note... when I went in and paid for my meal, they gave me my change and it was $10 less than they owed me. When I confronted them about it, they seemed as if they didn't notice, but didn't feel the need to apologize, which I feel could be taken rudely.
Who says that Americanized Chinese food has to be nasty?Fatima's Halal Chinese Restaurant is a symbol of the wonderful melting pot of cultures living in this great Astorian neighborhood. You have Fatima and her halal meat for her halal meat-eating patrons, Chinese cooks and servers making and serving the food, which is an blend of American and Chinese cultures as they serve Americanized Chinese food and not Chinese Chinese food. Vanquish those images of overly sweet, deep fried, heavily sauced Americanized Chinese food that is cheap, but not all too appetizing for the food here is actually really good. Not good as in it's good for bad Chinese food, but good as in it's good food. The meat is always fresh, tender, and not over cooked and tough. The vegetables are just cooked through to be tender, but not mushy (I hate overcooked vegetables). The food isn't too oily or greasy. The quality of the ingredients are always really great, but the prices are still quite cheap. They don't charge any more than other cheap Chinese places, but the quality is sooo sooo much better. Definitely the best American Chinese food in Astoria. Another great cheap meal for delivery.
Always go here like every other week.  The food is amazing.  The staff are okay and sometimes they try to rush you out if they are busy.  Its great food for very reasonable prices so I can deal with it.  Opt to get ONE the dinner special which will fill up two people with one appetizer.
Halal chinese food. Who wouldve thought? My go to spot used to be Hong Kong across the way but since I discovered this little gem, I'm a true Fatimas fan. Unless of course I have no cash on me. Last I visited Fatimas only takes cash money. The food is always so fresh and crisp and amazingly not as greasy as your typical traditional chinese plate. All in all, great food, great location and excellent service.
I arrived at nyc with four friends hoping to find authentic chinese food and we got what we were looking for. I was surprised to find such a great Chinese restaurant for the price that was given as it was tasty and had great flavor and great service. The general Tsos chicken was the best I had in years and the lo mein was also lustersome and scrumptious. Next time I return to the New York I am definitely coming back!
Everything I have ordered from this place has been awesome! The food always gets delivered quickly and is high quality! I usually get the Egg Drop Wonton Soup, Sesame chicken and chicken fried rice (BANGIN RICE). The house Lo mein is delicious to.The only reason why I am giving 4 stars is because they don't accept debit cards. Come on! Get with it!
The mock chicken dishes are amazing.
Loved the food at this little restaurant in Queens. Authentic Chinese food which is spiced up to perfection. General Tso's chicken is out of the world. I also loved the beef and their low mein was good too.  I plan to visit everytime I come to New York.
I went here based on the yelp reviews. I got a lot of food in the lunch combination and my shrimp with garlic sauce was good but not spicy at all! Also they didn't give me a fortune cookie! :( and, they are cash only.
The food is delicious, however it is a bit pricey. I personally love how a halal Chinese food place was made just for the people who eat halal. My favorite is the chicken and broccoli and the chicken boiled dumplings. THEY ARE MY FAV. I recommend this place but if the prices were a bit lower it would be a five star recommendation
Been coming here for years and they never disappoint. The prices are reasonable and there's a lot of variety. It tends to be crowded during nights and weekends, so ordering takeout works too!
The best Chinese food in Astoria. Have been loving on this place for years. The best, the only.
I love this place., but let me start by saying this: don't come here looking for pork. This is halal Chinese, so if you want pork fried rice, you'd best be moving on. They serve up a mean General Tso's chicken and pretty much all their beef dishes are really good. Their lo mein and fried rice are not as greasy as other places. The prices are super reasonable, portions are generous, and take out and delivery is quick. This is definitely my favorite Chinese place in Astoria.
Was expecting this place to be exactly like the local takeout places near me in Brooklyn, but a friend brought me here after work. When I do Chinese takeouts, I usually get broccoli and rice but on my friend's suggestion and because the meat is halal, I went for the Beef and Broccoli. Oh my god! It was really good. Also tried  my friend's Kung Pao chicken and it was so flavorful. Big two thumbs up. Docked a star because the waitress messed up our order and I really think it's very misleading to have a combination platter/order much cheaper than the main dish by itself. I ordered the entree by itself, instead of the combo because I thought the dish by itself would have more food BUT NO. Both has the same amount of food! Just get the combo, you guys (you save a $1 compared to just ordering the main dish and you also get the soup). Really wish I had known that!
Lets start with the staff shall we?They really need to learn to treat their customers a little nicely. 10 seconds after she gave us the menu she wanted to take an order. We said we were still deciding. A min later she was back. As this was the first time we were there and sharing the food we needed time. Did not like her rushing us. We were a 5 person group and ordered a lot of food and as we waited for 15 mins for the food to arrive. I noticed everyone around us getting the complimentary stick thing...OK...even the lone person next to us...So the food arrives. We got the fried chicken dumplings, House special fried rice, chicken wings, triple crown and house special lo mein. Each were very very good. Really enjoyed the food and highly recommend it. The prices are very affordable and portion size great. But we did not get spoons to go with it so we had to use ours and as we were sharing 'em. No Bueno. The waitress was nowhere to be found and none of us have any incurable diseases so we chowed down. I would give this restaurant 5 stars if only the quality of the service was better. The decor is not bad and bathroom clean even though its uni.
Best Americanized Chinese food in NYC. They're super fast, even when delivering. I usually get the sesame chicken combo. I always ask for less sauce on the chicken, which makes so much better: crispy and not too sugary.
Food is okay. Nothing really special, unauthentic American-Chinese cuisine. I would have really enjoyed eating food here more extensively. But, the staff is not really cooperative.
We had 8 people; hoping to enjoy a nice dinner. But apparently they felt it made sense to serve each food at different times; so when the last person received their food; most of us was already done. So much for a nice dinner... The service was horrible
Halal Chinese food... you have won me over from ever eating regular Chinese food again.Seriously -- the difference in quality of meat is overwhelming! Not only that, but if you're like me and are grossed out by anything pork - this place is for you. Nothing on their menu has any pork by/products  in it and no alcohol either. But once you taste any of their items on the menu, you're not going to miss it.Portions are huge, you can easily share a meal. Try the Halal Crab Rangoons :) probably the only halal Chinese restaurant that has em!
This place had Good portions, the food tastes great ( got veggie eggfooyung, garlic chicken and wonton soup ) the price was better than most delivery. The awesome delivery guys come on time and are super nice. Thanks guys!
Best chinese spot in NYC ( in my opinion obviously) . It is a little pricey and they dont accept card but those are the only flaws. If you're looking for some really good chinese food and you're in Astoria, this is your place!
I love this place! I've been to the restaurant only once, but I've got my food delivered countless times. The place itself is crowded and noisy and the atmosphere isn't top-notch, but the food is beyond excellent.Whenever I got it delivered, it arrived hot and ready to eat. No matter what, there was always some left over, so the quantity is a big plus. Their prices are very reasonable, and the customer service was pretty good the one time I went there. You won't find pork here because it's a Halal place, but almost all the dishes I have tried are delicious.Try the Kung Po Chicken and the Chicken with Garlic Sauce. Their Lo Mien is pretty amazing as well. I definitely miss this place since moving from Astoria.
It contains a savory mix of Chinese and halal. In which i alway jump at the chance to order.
No pork here, but I don't care one way or another about pork, so fine by me. This is the best Chinese food in Astoria. Although my boyfriend and I, in our laziness, have been loathe to branch out from Seamless and Grub Hub, we decided to stop in one day and order since it's just around the corner from our apartment. Definitely a good decision. Besides being utterly delicious, the food is really light and fresh, not heavy like a lot of other places. The halal chicken is definitely better quality and tastier too.I usually get chicken with broccoli, garlic chicken or another one of the non-breaded chicken options in a combo.  I do sometimes wish the "spicy" chicken entrees were a little spicier, but I also have a pretty high tolerance for spicy food. The egg rolls are huge and crispy and the combination platter is a good deal.On top of the quality of the food, the prices are reasonable,  the delivery is quick and the portions are huge - the perfect combination.Heads up though, they only take cash.
Whomever said this place is not oily has gotta be kidding themselves. I had the beef steamed dumplings and beef lomein. These are the usual Chinese takeout prices, probably costs 50c to a buck more total. No bigs. First let's talk about the decor. This isn't exactly a hole in the wall like a usual Chinese takeout. You have no view of the kitchen and there's a flat screen tv on the upper corner. The wooden tables have Chinese art on them and there is waitress service, as in she would bring the foods over to you. So its a step up from the usual but nothing you can take a date to.Like I said. Food was too oily. It was delicious but it was oily. That's my biggest gripe here. The beef dumplings looked good and tasted pretty good but... did I mention it was just extremely oily? I felt like I needed to wash my face with acne cleanser afterwards. The same story with the lomein. All in all though, still fake takeout Chinese food incomparable to anything in any Chinatowns. I was a bit skeptical about the authenticity of the "halal" at first since pork is a Chinese staple. But seeing how the place is literally *filled* with middle eastern people, I guess they did their research and is probably legit. Really a 3-4 stars. But I am taking a star off simply to play down the 'hype' of this place from all the other reviewers.
So Fatima's is pretty darn famous because it's a halal Chinese take out, I know people from outside of Astoria that come to fatimas just because it's that good.  I mean, at the end of the day, it's still take out just minus the pork fried rice, but the beef and chicken they use is pretty good and since they have such a high volume, everything is pretty fresh.  Order took about 15 minutes to arrive, I had stringbeans and tofu (its the good kind of tofu too) and the yang chow fried rice.  Can't complain, it's a plus if you need halal food, but otherwise it's still good Chinese take out.
Awesome food! Fast service..yummy general tsos and onion fried rice!! It's our fav Chinese spot :)
Can you say kosher!! Yum I love a Chinese restaurant that's fresh and fast.. Chicken never taste rat and there very clean! My favorite Chinese restaurant.
More like 3.5 stars.The hubby and I are a wee bit addicted to their halal fried chicken wings (which we like to dip in Louisiana hot sauce), so we order delivery from them all the time.We often also get their halal beef dumplings steamed (greasy and very thick-skinned, but decent flavor), and I also generally like their noodle dishes (beef chow fun, lo mein, or Singapore chow mei fun) and their beef dishes (the beef seems less dry and more flavorful than some of the other meat options).Yes, the food's pretty greasy, and sometimes they get your order wrong, but it's the best Chinese takeout joint we've tried in Astoria.
I have no idea what this place looks like. I don't even know what street it's on. But what I do know is that this is the best Chinese delivery I've had in Astoria, and for that matter, my entire life. (If this place is gross or weird or anything inside, please don't tell me.)I love Chinese food, but I've been spoiled from my Chinese-speaking friend who has showed me amazing places that I could never go to on my own. Most take-out places I've had recently have either been waaaaay too greasy or waaayyy too flavorless.Fatima's in heaven-sent. I had their Mock General Tso's Chicken, dumplings, and lo mein, which were not greasy, full of flavor (I mean, General Tso's is the unhealthiest thing you could order for a reason), and great portions for the price.The only thing I would change is the delivery, which takes forever, I'm pretty sure because the guy who has come twice is a stoner and/or just doesn't care. But it's more than worth it for great take-out in the 'hood.
We expect two things when we go out to eat with our family and friends. Great service and Good foods. Here what we have is great food but not the service.... This place gets there business because its calm food are "Halal" there clients looks the other way when comes to service or not sure what good service feels like.
Yeah, I'm a big fan of my friend Fatima's. In my experience, cash only places are usually an indication that your taste buds are in for a treat - examples: street carts, food trucks, Fatima's. Very unassuming but clean interior - most of their business is people waiting for take-out, but dining in is a perfectly fine experience as well. I love the general tso's chicken - you get enough for 2 people for a heroic $10. I like paying for places like that when my fiancee and I go out. No, no (waves his money away), I got this one. Yes, you can have an egg roll. So, basically, this is my favorite Chinese food in Astoria - it's clean, halal, and actually makes you feel like moving afterwards. A total win.
Most unhelpful and rude staff. The food quality was pathetic and the staff refused to even listen to our complain. Food was not fresh and extremely oily. DON'T GO THERE
