First review. Writing as am eating. Ordered their yellow lentil signature daal and kachori chat. Not tasty at all! It's sad when one is super hungry and served very ordinary food. Want my money back.
Good Indian food on the upper east side, the place has a good amount of seating (2 and 4 seaters), and the place has a nice vibe to go enjoy a hearty meal. The service was very very slow, what should have been a 1 hr meal stretched to 2 hours simply because no one would come to ask us for food or drink orders. Furthermore, we ordered 4 glasses of wine but they simply never showed up to our table (and after twice trying to get the waiter's attention to ask about them, i gave up). Ordered the grilled veggie appetizer, which was, to put it mildly, disgusting: appearance wise it was off putting, but then even the "veggies" were just onions, with 2 (count them, 2!) slices of carrot, 3 pieces of broccoli, and one slice of red pepper... totally not worth ordering that appetizers (serves me right for trying to be healthy). The main courses were really good, i had the chicken korma which was very hearty and delicious, highly recommended and enjoyable. THAT SAID, the order does not come with rice! That is clearly a ploy to tack on an extra $3 per order for rice, because let's face it, this kind of food needs rice. I find it kinda ridiculous that they do not include rice in the price, especially when the dishes are ~$15 at the cheapest, so with the extra rice and you're now paying nearly $20 for the meal, which for me doesn't cut it with indian food, i'll just stick to ordering on seamless from the place nearby where i get rice, a full entree (at a larger portion) and a free rice dessert for about $12.TL;DR: good entree, pricey-ish, service=Meh.
Indian food is my favorite cuisine and Om is my go-to in the neighborhood.  I have been known to order from delivery.com the package that includes an appetizer, entree, chutney, various sauces, raita, rice, and naan for under $20, and get a couple meals out of it.  And, by that, I mean that I just finished my leftovers from yesterday true to form.  It's also a surprisingly good place for a date night.  Everything I have eaten from there has been excellent, and the service has also been consistent.
I have ordered from them 5-6 times in the past 2 months.The delivery is always on time, the food is always fresh and hot, and constantly delicious.Their special (1 app, 1 main dish, rice and bread) is amazing (especially the Aloo Goby Matar).Great restaurant with excellent service and on time delivery.Love it.
I was at Om for the first time on a Friday night. The experience was very good. I had the lamb palak, the lemon rice and tasted my friend's chicken tiki masala. The lamb palak was very good.  I'm not very experienced with Indian food but I really liked this dish. The tiki masala was tasty in my opinion but my friend said it was bland. I really enjoyed the lemon rice as it was very different from anything I've ever tasted.We had samosas to start and they had okay flavor but no peas. Oh well.I liked the food so I'll either be back or order takeout.
Delicious! I came here for a girls night dinner. We went on a Monday night around 6:30pm. The place was still empty but was filling up towards the end. Probably one of the most authentic places I've been to. I ordered my usual Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan. The flavors were amazing. Exactly what I was craving. They are BYOB so we brought a large bottle of white wine for the 4 of us. The prices were cheap and portions were large. We were stuffed. Our waiter (which I believe was the owner) treated us as if we were visiting his home. He was gracious, funny and hospitable. He even gave us free dessert before we paid our tab and joked with us throughout the dinner. I will 100% be back here and I have a feeling it will be one my go-to spot. Yummmmy!!!
I've only ordered delivery from here but I continue to do so 1-2 times a month.  It's very fast and I highly recommend the OM combo platter it comes with an appetizers, an entrée, and naan.  For 15$ the price cannot be beat.  The portions are more than enough for two people from just that one order so you can order a bunch of different things to share.  My favorites are pretty basic but staples of Indian food; samosas, chicken korma, and saag paneer.  I've also had the chicken curry and tikka masala both were good as well.  One day I may actually go inside to eat but the delivery really is just so convenient.
Om... Nom Nom.Great Indian food, with friendly service and reasonable delivery time. Had Delhi masala daal (yellow lentils) and rice, with a side of garlic naan - soft and just the right thickness. Plus the amazing kacsori chaat side  (chick peas, potatoes, yogurt based sauce with crispy add on) - the various Indian sauces and a little cup of mango chutney came with the meal. Everything was delicious, and enough food for more than one meal.Highly recommend.
I decided to order from OM for dinner delivery while at work. For delivery food, this was 5 stars based on a combination of quality and price.I got the dinner special which is $15.95. I couldn't believe this price in NY - amazing! You get an appetizer, an entree, plus naan, raita, mango chutney, and green spicy sauce on the side. I chose the chicken tikka masala as my appetizer - it came with two medium size pieces of chicken with some lemon. It was better than your average takeout chicken tikka. For the entree I got the bhindi masala. It's an okra dish that I've never had before. Maybe not my favorite Indian dish ever, but the quality of it was good and it wasn't overly greasy. I think next time I'd go with my usual veggie curry or korma. The naan was good and hot and the raita and other dips made it a big, filling meal. This will be a definite repeat at this price and great quality. Summary: Good food, very cheap for a multi-course delivery dinner in NY.
Amazing food and great customer service! The chicken till I masala and cheesy naan bread was beyond my expectation. I will definitely come back.
Came here on a  Sunday night for dinner with two. The food was pretty good, but we kept feeling very rushed by the service. They asked if we were ready to order about five times in between wine and ordering appetizers.As for the food, I ordered the lamb and asked for Saag sauce, and my friend ordered the lamb bhuna. Both were pretty average with one bowl of rice (per 2) and then the chicken tikka and garlic naan appetizer.
I always have great food from Om, whether it's delivery or sit down in the restaurant.  This service is perfect, it's a great date spot, and the food is always top notch.For delivery, I typically get the special and overly enjoy. Thanks Om!
BEST Indian food ever!!!! 50% of lunch, I believe they have the best chef in town, i loved my tandoori chicken and butter chicken. The waitress was very fast with her service and very friendly too. Will surely come back :)
I love Indian cuisine and OM's food is fantastic. I typically get delivery, however a friend from out of town who is incredibly picky went to OM with me. He was very pleased with his meal and our server was so attentive and friendly.
Extremely friendly and welcoming ownership and staff.  Walked in for late night meal with a few friends. Nice experience, very enjoyable food. I'll  certainly come back in the future. Banana fritters!
Ordered my go to Chicken Tikka Masala, chicken vindaloo, lentil soup and garlic naan. The vindaloo had the perfect amount of spices and flavor. The tikka masala was not as good as most places that I've been. It was missing a lot of flavor. The naan was perfect. The lentil soup was good as well. Just beware, the lentil soup is EXTEMELY hot. It took around 30 minutes for it to cool down enough to eat.
I literally just ordered food from here for takeout and this is the "worst" Indian food I've had. Now the food is not BAD but I've had THAT MUCH BETTER at other restaurants. The portions for takeout are a good size and it arrived right on time. But the food was just lacking complex flavors and texture. We ordered saag paneer and paneer tikka masala. The tikka masala was thin and water and just not that flavorful. The paneer itself had no real flavor either. The saag paneer didn't have much of a taste either. Really nothing unique or special or tasty about either dishes. I had both dishes put on medium spicy and I would consider both of these mild. Again, no redeeming flavors or textures to make me ever want to order from here again.
Dined alone and ordered only saag paneer and some naan, and it took 50 minutes before the food came out. Meanwhile, most other tables were served, and lots of deliveries were going out. Really makes me wonder, is it no longer worth the effort to make the trip to a restaurant? Because I would've probably waited less had I ordered delivery. Or is it just the way I look that gives the impression that I have endless patience, and the power to defeat hunger? *Extremely puzzled*
I used to eat here all the time and found out it has a B health and food rating. Anyone know why?
I loved this place, but after dinner last Friday night I'll never go back. The food was delicious as always, but the service level has fallen off a cliff. It's one thing to be slow or forgetful; in this case the staff was just plain rude. Ah well. There are many other restaurants in the area and with the new Q, getting downtown couldn't be easier.
I randomly stumbled upon this gem one afternoon on a whim. My boyfriend and I were in the area and hungry, and we checked out the lunch special here...50% off! I frequently come here when I am in the city around lunch time. Very authentic. Expensive when not during the lunch special, though..
My husband and I have ordered take-out from here a few times.  We got the Om special each time.  It is one appetizer and one entrée that also comes with basmati rice, naan bread, cucumber, raita and mango chutney.  It is always a ton of food for a great price.  It can't be beat!  I highly recommend this place.  Don't forget to order a mango lassi!
I was craving Indian after work one day, and I decided to give Om a try. They have a $15 take-out special (one appetizer and one entree), and it is fantastic. I got the onion bhajjias and the malai kofta -- both were just delicious. Plus, I'm a girl who can eat a lot, and I had to save half of my entree for another meal, because I was just too full.Overall, highly recommended. Fast service, delicious food, good deal for Indian food. What more could you want?
It's hard to find good Indian food on the UES, but the food here is great. The service can be a bit frosty, but not as bad as other places I've experiences.It's small and a bit cramped, but so are most places in NYC.
Om Special menu has good selection and is priced right.  The Lentil & Chick Pea salad was amazing.  We loved the Chana Saag and Chicken Palak, as well.  Delivery was timely.
Hands down the best Indian restaurant in the city.The service is wonderful and friendly.  I have only seen 2 waiters, one is my favorite, unfortunately I forgot his name but I left my purse hanging on the chair after I had left and he ran out and chased me down the street to give it to me.  What a great guy!The food is delicious. I highly recommend the cachoori chard appetizer, it's a cold lentil patty that's crunchy and delicious.  Everything is fantastic.  I've been at least 10 times.
$15 take-out special includes rice, naan, raita, appetizer, and main dish.  Definitely enough for two people to split!  My boyfriend and I loved the Chicken Tikka Masala.  We will definitely be ordering from here again!
Very good Indian spot in UES! Served hot and fresh! The lamb tikka masala was great! Service was quick and everyone was nice!
Positives: There were actually more postivies than negatives. I loved the samosas and we got a spicy chicken curry, which was also really good. The food here is pretty decent and extremely well priced for lunch! At the end of the meal, I was shocked and thrilled by the bill.Negatives: The wait staff was really awkward. We didn't know what he was saying and he didn't seem to want to talk to us at all. Considering we didn't have that much to say, I don't think it should have been such an issue. The vegetable korma was not very good. The vegetables were way over cooked and the sauce wasn't even that great to begin with. I would go back just for the lunch special though!
This is my favorite Indian restaurant. The $15 take out deal, as other reviewers have mentioned, is fantastic. You get plenty of food and you have lunch for the next day. Everything I've had there tastes awesome, and I have ordered from there quite a few times. The service is good too- much better than the service at Maharaja Palace, let me tell you! Even if you're not that close to Om, it's worth the trip.
Great experience at Om.  The food is delicious and colorful.  The naan was fresh and soft.   I had the Okra and my friend had the buttered chicken which I could not help but nibble on because the flavors where absolutely perfect.  The service was exceptional and the crowd was smart and diverse.  If you like Indian food you have to give this place a try.  It has been noted as one of the best in the city and with good reason.  Highly enjoyable in every way.
This is my go-to Indian delivery place on the Upper East Side.  The special can't be beat.  I get a different app each time and typically get the Chicken Tikka Masala and its really good here.  My girlfriend usually shares her Saag Paneer and I love that too.  The garlic naan is also delicious.  Overall,  its a great value, very tasty and just the right amount of food and variety.  I have never eaten in but I've heard good things.
This is not the first Indian restaurant I go to. I tried Indian (and mostly Pakistanese specifically in Europe) restaurant in many places worldwide (France, UK, Dubai, USA, however never from the mothership).The best I went to was in France in Clermont-Ferrand, the name was the "Goa" and it was as close as possible to real "Goan" food you can find (the whole staff was from Goa)... But this is another thing: see Goa is not truly Indian since it was a Portuguese enclave in India and had developed a phenomenal fusion cuisine style.What I would like to say here is that I can recognize genuine from watered-down style of cuisine and this restaurant serves an honest homemade style Indian food: the samosas are incredible, all the vegetarian dishes (I love paneer) are tasty and balanced, the gulab jamon are very nice, the breads are homemade!This is the second best Indian restaurant I went to in the USA (and I have tried some!)...PS: And where is the best one? It in New Jersey near Elisabeth, I can't recall the name but I know they cater for expensive traditional India weddings - that's what my friends who invited me (and who were very knowledgeable about it) told me...
We generally get the food delivered. Tastes great and quick service. I would recommend the chicken dishes plus the bhindi.
Solid Indian food. Nothing here is new or inventive, but they do a real good job with the classics. 3 stars instead of 4 mostly because, while all of the curries and sauces were addicting, delicious, and spot-on, the meat was (both chicken and lamb) were tough for my taste. Furthermore, while all of our entrees were tasty, the appetizers were a bit of a let down (except the bhel puri -- that was rock solid).The service was a bit disjointed but everyone was pleasant -- tasty garlic naan can cause one to overlook any misstep.All in all, if you stay away from the apps and focus on the mains (especially the vegetarian entrees) you are in for a delicious meal.
Too small food portion.  Extremely disappointed.  I ordered a Lamb tikka missala today (12/3/16) through Seemlessweb.  The quality was okay (same as other comparable Indian restaurants in the UES). However, the amount of food was very little: 4 pieces of lamb full of tomato sauce and a small portion of rise.  Total order for 1 person without tip was $19.59.  First time ordering here.  Not worth the effort, time, and money ordering from this restaurant.
I know little to nothing about Indian food.  I suspect the bulk of my experiences range along the Indian food spectrum somewhere akin to where Americanized Chinese food does on that scale.With that said, all the dishes I've tried at Om have been outstanding.  The sauces in particular have a complexity and depth of flavor far beyond those I've experienced at other Indian restaurants.  The grease levels aren't too high to be a turn off.The restaurant itself is small and narrow, an annoying trend for midblock restaurants in the area.  The service is attentive and efficient and they used to have a BYOB policy, a shame that that was ditched for an uninspired alcohol offering.But the food is what shines through it all and it remains some of the best Indian I've had in the city.  Also, the $15 special is great for delivery and can easily feed two with some extra rice and naan.
We enjoyed tandoori chicken and Goan shrimp curry. My companion decided never to return because of the bad service. I was surprised we were not offered a dessert menu, when only two tables were full during our Saturday lunch, but would go back.
Horrible service! Do not place a delivery order. It took over an hour for my order to come and each time I called I was lied to and told it would only be 5 minutes. They hung up on me several times.
What a great find. Excellent, authentic Indian food. Great service and great recommendations. If you're looking for good Indian food, or a place to go in the UES, I would highly recommend.
I ordered from these guys on Seamless. An hour and a half after I ordered (estimated delivery time was 30-45 minutes) the food still had not come. I called them to ask what was going on, the man on the other man got angry and hung up. This place may be fine in person, but DO NOT order delivery from them.
The best Indian food I have ever had. Any lamb dish is a must and their salmon curry is delicious.
This restaurant has delicious food. The food tasted authentic. Customer service was excellent. I had lamb, salmon, and chicken shared with with two other people and it was satisfying. I had a enjoyable experience and would recommend to try.
I ordered a bhindi masala, rice and a plain paratha for takeout. I don't know what happened, but the bhindi masala was dry, dry, dry and there's really no other way to describe it, but as "old" and like it was not made that day or even a day or two prior, or maybe even a week prior. yuck, how disappointing. i couldn't even finish it. it's still sitting in my fridge. I don't think I will order from here again, which is disappointing.
Service and food is top notch!!!! I've never had a bad experience. Love this place. Paneer tikka masala and samosas are my favorite!
The weekday lunch deal is good value, and the waiter remembers us and can recite our favorite dishes which is flattering. The owner is friendly and makes a point of having a chat whenever we visit. They seem to always play the same song on repeat whenever we are there, although this actually enhances the experience.
My wife and I ordered in last night from Om.  We took advantage of the $15 take out deal, which is a great deal.  The food came quickly, about 30 minutes and arrived warm.The food was delicious!  The Samosa was crunch, really well spiced, and had a different flavor then I am used to from other Indian restaurants.  The naan was had a delicious charred flavor and a really amazing chew.  We also order the lamb roga josh.  It had a light spice to it, seasoned perfectly, and the naan soaked up the sauce perfectly.  Last, but most important is the rice.  It was cooked perfect and was so aromatic in the best possible way.  We have been to many Manhattan Indian restaurants and actually just came back from Thailand where we ate at a popular Indian restaurant.  I can say with confidence that Om is one of the best Indian restaurants I have been to.
Staff were rude from the outset, the food was cold on arrival. The naan and rice were terrible. The only semi good thing was the Tikka masala.
Great Indian restaurant. Our waiter was good, the Chicken Vindaloo was spicy, but not too hot. My only complaint is that the vegetable curry seemed a bit like frozen vegetables, but I will say that the curry itself was tasty and very well seasoned. Would definitely go back!
Recently started ordering from here after seeing a decline in quality at competitor restaurant Andaz. Om by comparison makes much tastier food - their dish flavors and spices are even and always consistent. Never super spicy one time, bland the next. We've ordered the Chicken Vindaloo, Aloo Gobi, Garlic Naan and Veg Samosas and everything was delicious. Delivery arrived very promptly.
This is the best Indian food I've ever had, and I've had a lot. If I could give it more than 5 stars I would! On top of the food being excellent, the prices are very reasonable, especially considering it's location on the Upper East Side.
Valerie G. and I came for a din date with reservations made on Open Table. The restaurant is pretty small, probably has about 15 tables max. It's a super narrow space though and they have the heat cranked ALLL THE WAY UP. We were sweating like no other. When we sat down, they poured our wine for us (BYOB IS LEGIT) and also our waters but then left us alone for a really long time. We had to pretend to look around frantically to find someone to take our orders. We ordered chicken tikka masala, aloo gobi and plain naan (they served the dishes with free rice!). The chicken tikka was tomato-y and creamy but the chicken pieces I found a little dry. I really enjoyed the aloo gobi - it's probably one of my favorite dishes in Indian cuisine. The naan was okay, I've had buttery-er and fluffier naan in the past. Overall the price was awesome! About $15 per person - imagine if we had came during their lunch time 50% off special! Cray.
We stopped in for a quick bite this evening at Om. The owner is a wonderful host and ensured we had what we needed without being over-bearing. We ordered saag paneer and aloo gobi with a naan on the side. Our food came fast and it was really satisfying. It could have been a bit spicier - we weren't asked how hot we would like it, but it was still delicious. If you like your Indian food spicy, then ask for it, otherwise you will get White people's spicy. :) overall a great experience.
Meh is right.Their website claims they get a 29 Zagat rating but I don't even see them listed in the book!Between the B health grade and the waiter's thumb in my dish as he delivered it to the table, I wouldn't bother coming back.  I ordered my dal medium spicy but found it really hot.  The waiter told me to order it mild next time; not very apologetic so so much for the customer is always right.
Seeing lot of good reviews we went for dinner to Om. As an Indian, I have to say, its not anything great. We ordered Malaikofta and Panneer Tikka Masala as the main dishes. They were not anything great. Malaikofta was good , I would give 4 stars, Panner dish was nothing but tomato puree with some spices. Bread was good. The decor and ambiance is OK. There were lot of people waiting outside for table when we came out, in my opinion its an just ordinary neat restaurant.
Really tasty Indian food and they also have an awesome lunch deal for 50% off when you dine in. Don't go too late or else it's a little rushed. That's why it's a 4* and not a 5* rating. I've never been disappointed in their food though!
Absolutely awful service. The food was decent enough for us to order a few times, but the quality varies incredibly. Don't order during busy times - i.e. friday or saturday nights because the quality is awful on these nights. We had a disastrous experience when they took over an hour to deliver even though  they sad it would only take 30 minutes. I called several times and was hung up on twice. I finally received my food after an hour and a half and it was cold. They also forgot the rice and sauces which come with the meals. I called and asked them to resend the entire order with the proper sides and they argued with me and hung up. They refused to compensate us in any way or even try to correct their mistakes. Awful management and mediocre food. Don't bother as there are plenty of better Indian restaurants on the UES.
This place is fantastic. Get the $15 meal deal. If you like really spicy, go for the Vindaloo. But mostly everything is really good.
I feel a little bad giving 2 stars, but the food was seriously bland.  I really have no idea why this place is rated so highly.  I mean like the food tastes like Trader Joe's frozen food.We had the Chicken Tikka Masala, Aloo Gobi, Rice, samosa and garlic naan.  The two main dishes lacked flavor and kick while the rice tasted as it were simply reheated.  Samosa was standard but the Garlic naan, however, was very good.Tiny little place with little to no ambiance.  The walls are all scratched up and need to be repainted.Won't return.
Om, or should I say OMG!..BME! Beyond my expectations!I read a few reviews, and my buddy and I went friday evening to check it out. First of all, we got here around 7:30...it was packed. We waited outside because it's a small narrow place. (guess if it's wintertime, that could be a problem).But we got seated fairly quickly, and the waiter came to take our order right away.The smell inside was intoxicating, if you like the pungent smells of indian cooking.We asked several people what they were ordering, and ended up getting a mixture of suggestions.Chicken tikka masala, lamb shagg, and a cauliflower vegetable dish.Each came in a small ceramic pot...and one thing was more tasty than the other.The chicken was tender and the sauce was spicy good.The lamb was to moan for...really really unbelievable. Even better, all that was 44.00!!I've now got OM on my speed dial
Excellent place! This is in my neighborhood but I've somehow never tried it until recently. I'll definitely be back again, for both dining in and delivery. Though it's small inside, the ambiance is nice and cozy. We ordered pretty basic dishes (chicken tikka masala, chicken coconut korma, butter chicken, and aloo gobhi) but they were so delicious. The staff is super friendly. The host/owner was very welcoming as soon as we came in. Our waiter was very attentive and helpful as well, as I think he assumed it was our first time having Indian (it's far from it, but we appreciated the suggestions and friendliness). I think some people may find it pushy or off-putting, but I thought he was just trying to be accommodating. Our group also had someone join last-minute, so instead of being annoyed that we had to change tables mid-meal, they told us not to worry about anything, cleaned up the new spot, and moved everything over.Most of the tables are for two people, a couple for four, but I wouldn't recommend this place for any bigger parties, unless you had a reservation (which I don't think they take on the weekends). The lighting and decor make it nice for a date though (not sure about the cuisine, though...)!
My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary, and we were delighted. The candles and flowers make it a really nice date spot. The staff was really friendly, and the food was great. We had the spice tea, samosas, garlic naan, and shared the aloo gobi matar. When the owner found out it was our anniversary, he gave us a dessert on the house, which was really sweet (the gesture, not the dessert... the dessert was just right). We definitely plan on frequenting this place. So good!
Excellent food and service, went on Sunday  for dinner!  We had the goat curry, naan, and chicken tikki curry.  They give you the option to bring your own bottle.  I was not sure how I felt about that, but it was nice.
This is a delicious, charming restaurant with a lovely ambiance. The affordable prices and the incredibly attentive staff make it worth a visit. Michael, the owner, is dedicated to providing exceptional service and is deeply involved in every aspect of his restaurant. I had garlic naan and saag paneer. It was flawless. It's also BYOB and conveniently near a Pinkberry for dessert!
The Om special... definitely worth the $15The samosas and the non fried appetizers are worth it... the fried apps taste oily and old (tried them a couple times, never liked them)Chicken tikka masala and the malai kofta are delicious... have to try the rest now.
I ordered via Seamless...it's nice getting food without the burden of human interaction.  Unfortunately  I had to call after an hour as my food hadn't arrived (I was told 20-40 minutes).  Minus 1 star.The food was otherwise very good, certainly 4-star worthy. I ordered the 1 main/1 appetizer special w/ chicken tikka masala (mild) w/ samosas & naan.  The chicken tikka masala was lukewarm but was creamy and full of flavor and spice without  the heat.  The samosas had a little more spice and are served with some chickpeas and were pretty good.  The order also came with rice and naan was also pretty standard and came with a small variety of sauces (which included a mango chutney, yogurt and a mystery sauce).
Solid indian food. The Om Burjee is amazing!!! My one complaint is that we always order medium spicy, and sometimes it's completely mild and others it's almost too hot to eat. Even in the same order, different dishes will have wildly different spice orders. So if you really can't eat spice, don't try to go for mild, you might end up getting burned (oooohhh!! see what I did there??)
This is a yummy little hole in the wall on the Upper East Side.  A friend and I spent the afternoon at the Met, and wanted something that was close by.  Luckily, Yelp directed us to this place, and we were not disappointed.  The service was great, the food was amazing.  It's a great place to pop into for a nice meal with a friend.  Would definitely recommend to friends!
some of the best indian food in the are, if not the best. Certainly the best I've ever tried.Good delivery, takeout, and sit down food. Highly recommend for anyone in the catchment area..
They have good food, great prices, great service, and its BYOB with no corkage fee - not too shabby.  I frequent this place quite often and really recommend it.  The food is good, they do not charge for basmati rice like some other places do (that annoys me).  They have good flavors and the meals can easily be split if you want.  While the restaurant is a little the atmosphere is enjoyable.  There is a wine store right nearby so you can run out and grab a bottle in the middle of the meal if you so choose.  Enjoy.
This is a great small neighborhood Indian place. All the dishes we had were very light and filling. We will be coming back and ordering out from them regularly. This is a review for the vegetarian options since that was all we tried.
Really love this place. Have dined both in person and had delivery. Both times service was speedy and very good ! When we went there a few months back the cook was very nice and came out to speak to us and give us recommendations. It was really nice and he even adjusted a dish to my liking with adding more flavors that I like. Delivery was fast about 35 minutes when they estimated over an hour. Food was very warm and as always very delish!! Highly recommend Om
In my book, the fact that this place is BYOB is an immediate attention-grabber and is cause for an automatic glowing review.  Despite knowing this, I went into this restaurant without any expectations, as I am used to the gross, oily Indian food that seems to be prevalent in my neighborhood.Om is small, simple, and clean.  Nothing fancy as far as atmosphere goes.  That being said, it is a perfectly respectable place to bring, let's say, a date.Service was wonderfully warm.  I love it when waiters get passionate about what the best dishes are, and ours was so determined to get me to order the Vegetable Korma that he offered to have mine made with coconut milk instead of cream!  Dairy-free heaven!  It was such a nice gesture and I absolutely loved the dish.  We also had garlic naan and the veggie samosas to share.  Crazy delicious.
I feel like a kid whose candy was just taken away.  I desperately wanted to like this place, and my heart ached to finally find love in an Indian restaurant based on all the positive reviews.  I'm brokenhearted... the yelpers have deceived me!  What does everyone see about this place?After several tries to get a seat in this tiny tiny restaurant, we finally experienced Om.  The smells were great and the setting was plain but comfortable and intimate.  That said, everything underdelivered (having lived in London for a while, I think I'm spoiled by good Indian food).  The pappadoms were not quite right, and had some unusual spice in them.  The 2 chutneys were pathetically sized and not that good.  The currys we go were pretty watery, thin and lacked real full bodied flavor.  I won't be going back here ever. And so continues my search for a good place for Indian in NYC.
I have to update this from 4 stars to 5 - the staff fall over themselves to make you feel welcome and service your every need and the food is always A+A wonderful dining experience!
This tucked away spot claims to cook "real Indian food" and it more than delivers. It sits at a whole echelon above your typical comfort food Indian spot. It has a spiritual ambience for a casual date with swift service. Highly recommend!
I was doing a ay trip to NYC recently and did a quick yelp search for Indian restaurants  in the area. Luckily OM popped up right away, because I had a really great experience. A tiny but clean & modern looking place, OM has a really comfortable feel to it. The staff is very friendly and the owner came over to check on us several times throughout the meal to make sure things were ok.  We started off with the vegetable Samosas and moved onto the chicken vindaloo and vegetable Korma for entrees.   In terms of alcohol....BYOB!  This is great since there area wine stores within two block so of the restaurant. We did not get dessert, but this is from being full. I'm sure the dessert would have been equally good. I will definitley come back next time I am in the area.
This review is for delivery services.  It is sad that it is such a contrast to my last review of dining in.  My bf and I called to place an order and paid by credit card.An hour later, the food had not arrived.  We called and inquired, giving them the benefit of the doubt.  They said they had just finished making it and were sending it out right away.  Okay, this food better be piping hott because we were starving at this point.Food arrived. Curry was all luke warm,  and the sauce was sloshed into a big mess around the entire bag.  The rice was half filled.  No utensils. We were angry.The food is a good...but.  This kind of service is unacceptable.  All they really had to do was package everything properly and send it out promptly...I mean..we live less than 2 blocks away....
The best food that you can get in this amazing price! The biryani really feels like it has come from Hyderabad! Excellent!
Walking by looking for a place to eat and saw this nice, fresh-looking Indian. Fresh is the word! Everything we ate was lovely. The ingredients were superb and the seasoning exquisite. The service was excellent--attentive but not overbearing; the waiter seemed genuinely committed to our enjoyment. The quality was better than most of the fancy, overpriced Indian places we've tried. The prices at Om were really reasonable, but the food was way better than what we've been finding lately at other moderate-priced ones. Highly recommend!
My boyfriend is Indian and loves "the food of his people".  That said, we have tried a ton of Indian restaurants in NYC.  Om is by far the best north Indian restaurant we have tried!  Delivery is prompt with reasonable portion sizes.  The $14 delivery deal is great - an appetizer, entree, naan, rice, and chutneys.  Like all restaurants, the food still tastes better in house.  The restaurant is fairly upscale, but we still feel comfortable going in casual clothes.  The owner is extremely focused on making sure that his customers love the food and have great service.  If you've been to many Indian restaurants in the city, you will know that good service is hard to come by!  Om does a good job.  The owner listens to his customers and will adapt the recipe based on what you like.  We eat here about once every two weeks and the spice-level has never been off!  An added bonus, they even have their 50% off lunch special over the weekend!Some entrees to try (vegetarian and have not tried the meat here):-Kachori Chat-Chana Masala (chickpeas)-Om Daal (this is by far our favorite, and always the perfect blend of spices)-Onion and garlic naans
Delicious and inexpensive Indian food on the upper east side! We've ordered delivery many times (the dinner special is a great deal - appetizer, entree, rice and naan for $15) and went to dine in person for the first time recently. Good service and more than enough food for leftovers the next day!
To be honest, I'm a bit shocked by all the rave reviews. Especially over the Chicken Tikka Masala. Agreed that the UES is in dire need of an Indian restaurant which is probably why everyone is so psyched that this place has opened. The food is mediocre and if it was on Curry Hill, EV, or strip of Indian restaurants in the 50's, it for sure would not be a top pick. Om is BYOB until it receives its liquor license which is a nice perk and the space is clean and cute. Seating for about 15-20 people. To be fair, I agree with one the other reviewers when they said that the restaurant caters to a certain audience. and its not us brown people! Where's the spice?The Chicken Biryani was good due to the large amounts of onions and almonds. Samosas are also good, love that they lay them on a bed of Channa Masala. Its a meal in of itself. Chicken Tikka Masala  = FAIL. Trader Joe's frozen Butter Chicken tastes way better than the soupy, sweet and almost tasteless rendition of this dish. All that said, if I'm craving Indian food and don't feel like leaving the hood, Samosas for dinner it will be. Its not so bad, but not so great.
Customer service is judged on how well the entity reacts when faced with adversity and Om did not meet that challenge well. I pre-ordered my food and when it didn't arrived +15min later than what was promised, I decided to call. They assured me that my order was on its way - keep in mind, this restaurant is only a 6min walk from my apt. I then called back +15min later to ask for a status and I received the same response. Upon pressing them, Om took my phone number and told me they'd call me back - they never did. My food ended up arriving 55min late and cold, but more importantly it was missing items. When I called Om back to rectify this issue, they passed the phone around to 3-4 people when I requested a refund for the item instead of them re-delivering it. This was extremely unprofessional, especially because I could hear them complaining/laughing about my request in the background.  Luckily, Eat24 refunded that portion of my order. I won't be returning to Om and instead my go-to Indian restaurant in UES will be Mughlai. I'm giving Om 2 stars because the food wasn't awful - just their customer service. Mughlai has better quality and value anyways.
My go to place for Indian in the UES! I find their dishes simple but very flavorful, the Chana Saag is my favorite  I tend to do the OM special for take out/delivery because it is such a great deal! The staff is very conscientious while I wait, they always offer me a seat and water even though I'm not staying.
I've been here 3 times now in the past 8 months and I consistently get their lamb vidaloo. If you like hot hot hot hot spicy dish, this is the one for you.  I really like their environment. It's small but very nice and trendy. I love their background music and even dined on my own. I enjoy coming here.  The prices are very reasonable and affordable !  Oh yeah, and don't forget their COCUNUT NAAN !!! to kill for.
I have to accept the fact that SPICE, TASTE and GOOD do not exist on the Upper East Side, especially in regards to Indian Food.I thought based on the reviews prior to mine on this restaurant, that it would be good.I went in for lunch today. I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and my husband ordered the vegetarian Aloo (cant remember the full name). He gets the spicy veggies at downtown places often.His was absolutely tasteless. Bland. Subpar. I would rather just boil a potato and eat it. Absolutely no flavor.We are Indian Food lovers, and have enjoyed many meals over the past 10 years together. I love any Vindaloo dish, provided it is MADE PROPERLY and not "gringoed".I am Spanish and Cuban. I like flavor and spice. If I own a hamburger joint, and a Chinese person or a person of the Muslim faith enters and orders a burger American style, I AM TO SERVE THEM what I make. I am to treat them as I would any other customer: NO EXCEPTIONS. Who am I TO deem who can have what?Who am I to "judge" based on APPEARANCE?!!!I am not implying that the case at Om. Not at all. I am simply implying, that I truly think that many places are catering to their majority of clientele. And that majority may not like spices and such. What may be "hot" to one may be "fine and good" to another.I do think, however, that we as customers should have a role in requesting that a dish be made authentic.I think that we deserve respect and that people need to respect the folks that serve food and prepare it and such.I had high hopes for Om.My Tikka Masala was just "okay". It had a sour taste, which probably was an overabundance of yougurt added. It was lacking. It was not as thick as it usually is served in a majority of other places.If you are new to Indian cuisine, or are a "meat and taters" type, then you may enjoy it here.The restaurant is cute. They decorated it nice. It is welcoming. The staff are kind.No complaints other than my disappointment with the dishes.I had a rule to not eat Indian food on the UES. I should stick by it.Sorry to say.My husband's dish tasted like hospital food, honestly. I am sorry to give a low rating and a poor review to a restaurant. Money does not grow on trees for me, and I do not get to eat out often.Sadly, I do not think I will be returning to this restaurant.
Tried giving this place many chances because of their byob policy but this restaurant has the rudest incompetent staff ever!! I will never step foot in this establishment again.
fiancée away for the weekend, fridge empty, getting home late Friday night from work,  and a rainy weekend ahead of us ( me and the dog ). What to do? Ordered from Om through Yelp's partnership with delivery.com. Saag panir chicken tikka masala and garlic naan ( FYI each dish comes with a box of rice so you don't need to order an additional side). Delivery came after about 35 minutes and as one reviewer stated, the food was piping hot! the portions are big, this is my second meal from it and there is still enough left for tonight's dinner (YMMV). The chicken was moist and tender. Overall good food, it's not going to blow you away but it's solid delivery and hits the spot. Would definitely order from here again!
Best Vindaloo I have had in a while.50% of lunch of already reasonable prices.Friendly service.Clean Restaurant.Served me my own delicious beer.Amazing paneer.Fantastic Naan.Just got hungry.Flying back now.
Small and nice Indian restaurant with pleasant atmosphere on UES. Owner / manager very attentive and helpful while I waited for my guest. Goat curry was very good and super spicy as per our request, while lamb sag was tender, full of flavour and with a great balance among ingredients and spices. Excellent onion naan and manager offered us dessert at the end of the meal. Will definitively go back and get delivery from when winter comes. Finally found my local Indian favourite
For my first trip to New York (say what!?) I discovered that it's entirely possible to eat out in the city on a budget. You just need to know where to look. Cue Om's 50% off lunch special. My friend and I got an appetizer, two entrees, and two orders of naan for less than $20. Portion size was adequate, but I know I would have been disappointed if I were paying full price for dinner (perhaps the dishes are downsized for lunch).The pakora platter is a pretty good deal considering you get to try a few types of fritters (the onion ones are the best), and I would highly recommend the butter chicken. I've only ever had Trader Joe's' version, but Om's butter chicken had me saying Trader Who?
Really terrific Inidian, amazing naan, and fantastic take out specials.  The Chicken Tikka Massala is always a go-to classic; the Aloo Gobi Matar is fantastic. I also really like the pokora.  Seriously great addition to the neighborhood!
Honestly the best Indian food I have had in New York City. I was so lucky that my friend had a craving for Indian food! It's actually quite hard to find a good authentic Indian restaurant in the City, but this one definitely offers everything you could want on the menu, with the addition of extremely friendly staff and great decor. I would definitely recommend this to anyone on the UES, and would say that it was worth traveling out to 2nd Avenue to enjoy.
I came here with a group of 6 people and we all had a fabulous time.  5 stars for reasonably priced and delicious food, BYOB, and great service. We brought a couple of bottles of wine and we were able to relax and drink before our food came. We all shared a bunch of dishes and every single person was extremely happy with what they ordered. I got the salmon tikka appetizer and lamb korma both of which were delicious and perfectly cooked. Other things I sampled and enjoyed included the butter chicken, sag paneer, and lamb vindaloo (too spicy for me). The waiter we had was amazingly nice and funny, he even brought over a little cake for my friend whose birthday it was without ever being asked. I highly recommend this place, and I cant wait to go back.
Where do I begin?Om, new to the Upper East Side is an absolute diamond in the rough of the 2nd Ave Subway debacle. I went last night for a late dinner with my girlfriend and was blown away. The decor is upscale, but not stuffy, no need to dress fancy; (nice jeans and a sweater will suffice). We were greeted by Owner, Michael who is extremely proud of his restaurant, and very open to all criticism as he said it helps to improve the overall experience. (Needless to say, we had none to give).We started with an order of the Samosa and Katchori Chaart for the appetizer (out of control good) then each ordered one main entree to share - Lamb Korma for me, and Chicken Tikka Masala for her. It was the best I've ever had in NYC...verified by my Indian roommate who sampled some of the leftovers when we got home. The flavors all of the food were a perfect blend of spices, the meat was fresh, and the naan was light and fluffy. It provided for a really delicious meal.Overall great service, amazing food, good prices and oh yeah--it's BYO and there is no corking fee (best part). There is no question that we will be coming back very soon. Only downside--we ate too much.
I have been coming here since their grand opening a couple of months ago and have been a fan since. I think this might be the best Indian place on the upper east side (not too traditional Indian food, but still extremely yummy). They used to have an half off on everything on their menu for lunch, but i don't think they have that offer anymore. I had most of the items on their menu and loved everything. Their curry fish was good. I loved their chicken tikka masala. Everything was very solid. Not a good place for big groups...
As far as my limited palate is concerned, Om's cuisine did not seem very traditional. That being said, you shouldn't consider that to be a reason not to go. We started with Samosas, which were uncharacteristically light. Served on a plate that was artistically smeared with two sauces (one sweet, the other savory), you can mix and match as you please. The samosas ran on the smaller side but, quantity wasn't an issue. For dinner we split the Chicken Tikka along with Chana Saag and an eggplant dish (Something Baighan, sorry, I forget the name.) The Chicken Tikka was evenly marinated and prepared so you could use only your fork. The Chana Saag managed to be silky smooth without taking it too far. The Baighan dish was my favorite; tiny individual eggplants came steeped in a sauce made from Indian pickles. Unlike the Baighan Bartha you normally find at Indian restaurants, this seemed to be a more experimental dish and oh, was it tasty. We also had some naan which was very good. The restaurant is not very big. I would guess it seats 20 to 30 people. The interior is smartly and designed. The staff is attentive and extremely courteous.
This restaurant has officially taken the top spot on my list of favorite Indian food spots. It's small, clean, and bright. The owner makes rounds at the table to check on everyone and the wait staff is incredibly friendly. The prices are fair and affordable.The food is the real star here, though. Each dish has great depth of flavor. Sometimes Indian food feels heavy and only one flavor shines through. However, the food we had here had multiple layers of spice and it was fantastic. We had the fried potato cake appetizer, the chicken vindaloo, and the chicken do pyza. This is the kind of place you want to keep secret so you can always get a table but I'd rather they get plenty of business so they can stay open. Try it out!
Great food.  One of the best Indian restaurants on the UES of Manhattan.  Deducted one star because the service is lackadaisical (i.e. slow to take order, slow to bring check, etc).  But the Chicken Vindaloo will make you sweat, in a good way.  The Sag is savory, Tandoori chicken is tantalizing, the Naan is nice, and the daal is delicious!  Try a glass of very good Cote du Rhone with your meal.  The venue is small and somewhat dingy.  But the holes-in-the-wall often have the best food for the money in Manhattan.  This is one of them.
I'm giving this place 5 stars even though they forgot half my order tonight... because the food is delicious and they did send the missing items immediately!  This is actually the only Indian food I've ever tried, but it is great!  My favorite is the OM Special which is a fabulous deal - $14.95 for app and entree.  I love getting the samosas (2) and chickpeas, naan bread, 3 dipping sauces (I think they are for the samosas but I dip everything in them), yogurt dip, chicken tikka masala, and rice!  I can seriously make 3 meals out of this order so it's pretty economical.  Delivery is fast and friendly.  Thanks OM for introducing me to Indian food.
I love this place! Excellent Indian food. Well priced and the service is fantastic.  I always walk out stuffed and very happy...and carrying a doggy bag for tomorrow's snack!
A pleasant surprise, I will definitely be back. Right off the bat, Om deserves a few stars for sheer boldness, opening a restaurant smack in the middle of the disastrous 2nd Avenue subway construction. I came here for dinner with a friend who lives, quite literally, next door and had no idea that this place existed. It does, and it's pretty great.The interior is quietly upscale; there weren't a lot of people and I was dressed like a slob, but I decided to stick it out. Service was prompt and super friendly; it seems like even if there aren't a ton of people dining in at this point, they're already doing a brisk takeout service (Under $14 for an appetizer, entree, rice, naan, and other goodies sounds almost too good to be true). Samosas were nice and crispy, and served alongside some delicious marinated chickpeas. I was impressed both by the portion size and quality of the entrees - panir tikka masala and lamb roganjosh. The tikka masala was different than others I've had - a bit sweeter, almost tart, and loaded with fresh herbs. Reasonable prices, great food, kind staff...I really hope Om does well because I've looking for a place like this on the UES.
I absolutely love Om. I can't say it enough and my nine year old son also enjoys the food. His favorite dish is Lamb Tiki. .
I ordered deliver today and I have to say, this is so far the best India food I every had in US! U have to try their curry lamb ! It is really F***ing delicious! I will start to order from them when ever I want to have some India food:)
Pros:Fantastic friendly service! BYO.Cons (although the below is not really a "con"):The food is good- B/B+I will definitely go back.
So nice to find an Indian restaurant on the UES! Service was incredible! Food was good and the prices were decent. Like prior reviews mentioned, they have no liquor license, but you may bring your own beer or wine, if you like!
Just an FYI they now have a liquor license and serve their own wine and beer. NO MORE BYOB. Also the amazing OM special is for take-out or delivery only. Don't get me wrong, still absolutely worth it. The food was delicious and they offer plenty of vegetarian options with no shortage of flavor. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
Once in a while, I need to write a good review..:)..Tried this place last night and it was good..A tiny place but the foods were good and that's what matters.
It's been a long time since I've had Indian food worth mentioning on the UES. A. Really. Long. Time. Thankfully, I found Om, and I am so happy I did! I want to go back to try everything else on the menu, but the samosas were a solid, as were the onion bhaji, and very good sizes for an appetizer. Got to admit, it's a bit annoying when all your hunger gets wasted on massive appetizers, so I was happy with the appetizer size, filling but leaving me with plenty peckish for dinner. I was torn between the butter chicken and chicken tikka masala. Of course, I went for the tikka masala, sort of wished I had tried to lamb tikka masala but then again, the chicken was solid. Basmati rice went perfectly, and the garlic naan was very good - I was stuffed in the end!It was great, and delicious, and I can't wait to go back. The owner was there and he was fabulously nice, and was just as involved as the waitresses - so seriously, can't wait to go back.Oh! So y'all know, it doesn't take reservations on the weekends, so be prepared for a short wait!
I went here with my gf for my birthday dinner.  A fantastic experience. This place is BYOB, which saves money and lets you bring whatever alcohol you want. Immediately, the owner, Michael, was incredibly friendly and helpful. Our waiter was polite, attentive, and funny. The atmosphere is nice with soft Indian music and very clean (especially the bathrooms, which I appreciate).Everything we ordered was generous in portions, tasty, and moderately priced.  Crab Curry ($15) that the GF had was quite good.  Not spicy, generous amounts of crab, and well flavored.  My lamb currey (chettinad or something?) was a great level of spice, came with green bellpeppers, and very good lamb.  We ordered a starter of assorted Pakora ($6), which was like different types of deep-fried vegetables, similar to a somosa expect with different veggies than peas).  For a side dish, we had some yellow dahl ($8), just what we expected and wanted (tasty lentils).  We got garlic naan for us to slip, which was fresh and the perfect amount of garlic to naan.We barely finished half of our food.  It was excellent, but they give large portions and we were spliting a six pack of beer.We will 100% be coming back here.  Now that Tadka has closed, this is our spot for Indian food uptown.
This place only opened up about a month ago, and it is definitely a good fit for the east 80s, which I believe severely lacks good Indian food.  The wait staff were very attentive and friendly, and made sure that my girlfriend and I enjoyed our experience.  We tried the samosas, saag paneer, chicken tikka masala and chicken korma.  The best dish was definitely the saag paneer, but everything was very good.  While the portions do not appear to be very large in the bowls they are served in, do not be fooled!  One dish per person is easily enough food.  I think that the big test to see if a place is good is to determine if I'd go back - and for Om the answer is certainly yes.
I was expecting to be blown away by Om. I would probably put the food at 4 stars, but a few other factors forced me to bring this down to a 3. My husband and I were the only ones in the restaurant for a Monday lunch (half off full menu, obviously a great deal) but the service for some reason, was painstakingly slow. We had to ask for water refills even though there was no one else there. My other issue with this place is the decor - or lack of, I guess. The walls are disgusting (like a little kid scribbled on them) and there are 3 pictures up that are supposed to represent "Indian culture," I guess. The food, overall, was good.  I wanted spicier, but I guess that's my fault for not mentioning it. The yellow dal was pretty good - it needed some more salt and spice, but it wasn't bad. The biryani was great. Malai kofta was interesting...a very sweet almond sauce, which I wasn't expecting, but I welcomed the unique taste. I probably won't come again; I just really needed to see what all the Yelp hype was about. In NYC, good Indian food is not hard to find, so for now, I'll stick to Biryani Cart and Curry Hill restaurants.
The food was fabulous... And, 50% off at lunch..... Totally unexpected!The entire meal was less than $20.00. Most impressive, the owner was there. Greeting customers, and asking of we were pleased with the meal. We took a take out menu as we are in the neighborhood.What a great find. I have been to Mumbai, Delhi, Banglaore, And Chennai.... The food here was as good, if not better than anything I have had in India.Marvelous!
My husband and I went for their lunch special - all food half-priced. We ordered samosas and a spinach and lentil curry. The food was excellent and the prices excellent. The service wasn't that great (the waiter wasn't friendly - seemed a bit "put out" by our being there), but other than that, I'd definitely go back (for lunch, at least).
My roommate and I absolutely love this restaurant! The food is authentic and delicious, the service is dependable, and the ambiance is lovely. The people who work there are also very sweet and make you feel at home! Also best naan in the world...
BEST Indian Food - NYC period !!!!! Great food, Great Service. A def. revisit each time I'm craving Indian food when in NYC. This coming from a desi shud tell you all about how good this place is. Jatin New Jersey
Went to this place for lunch today. The only thing I liked about this place was that they had 50% off most dishes for lunch time. We ordered bhindi masala which was good, chana masala and roti which were just average and paratha which was stale! It looked and tasted like it was made  a day before. Now the worst part- service. It was the two of us and we were made to sit at a really tiny table for two (no problem there) We asked the waiter if we could sit at a bigger table (as the place was literally empty) and he rudely denied. He kept us waiting to order food. When I complained that my paratha tasted like it wasn't fresh he almost raised his voice and said "Of course its fresh, prepared just now" - Lie. Our glasses of water were refilled only after reminding him at least twice.  Made a face when we asked him to pack the left over food. Did not even give us a printed receipt, did not accept credit card and asked us to go pay at their counter! Never going to this miserable place again. One star for bhindi masala (and I like bhindi whichever way its made) and for feeding us when we were really hungry.
This is the most amazing chicken tikka masala and aloo gobhi that I've ever had! The customer service is also very amazing, and there's free delivery in UES.We will continue to visit this restaurant in the future.
The lunch we had seemed like leftovers from the night before. Friends told us to go there and we violated one of our long standing rules because we dined and were the only ones in place.
I knew it was too good to be true.........Appetizers are goodSamosa - authentic & not to heavy, light on the peas sadlyCauliflower sweet & sour - goodYellow daal - excellentEntres -Lamb biryani - small tough pieces of meet in multi colored rice, way below the freshly cooked interesting dish it should beChicken vindaloo - Another FAIL. Sauce was not that hot and tasted more like a gravy. Naan - not good, I doubt they have correct ovenI REALLY wanted to like this place and I hope they take feedback and use it. The restaurant itself is small, nicely decorated and very clean and BYOB!Good luck but please BE MORE AUTHENTIC.
Coming from England I have high standards when it comes to a Ruby Murray. Given the reviews I was expecting great things.  I had a take away (delivery for the for American friends) which costs half to a whole point on food quality. Shekh kebab was good although a little a bland. Tandoori chicken was good and chicken Korma excellent as was the chicken Jakfrezi.  Tikka Marsala was dog vom. Will try again.
I don't write many reviews but after going here I promised my girlfriend I would because we were so impressed by this restaurant. The food was excellent and right now they don't have a liquor license so you could go to the liquor store next door and grab a bottle of wine (save some money). I highly recommend this place. I complain a lot about the lack of restaurants in the Upper East Side but this one is really good. Also the owner coming to the table was a nice side touch that made you feel really good for being here. And they have an awesome take out special right now. Anyway, highly recommended for anyone that likes Indian food.
Very delicious Indian food.  Like another reviewer said, I would recommend the cachoori chard appetizer.  It is so good and heavenly.  Plus the service is amazing.  They're always super attentive and friendly.  The place is very warm and the atmosphere has a good family feel to it.  The malai kofta was pretty good too.  I'll definitely be back for seconds.
I aboslutely LOVE Indian food but for whatever reason I have gotten physically ill the last 3 times I have eaten here! That can not be a coincedence. The B rating makes me question whats really going on in that kitchen. I will never eat there again....
If you want to eat Indian food, Om is definitely the place to go. For those of you who like fish, it's worth to try Goan Salmon Curry (not spicy). I also like a drink Mango Lassy (sweet and tender). Enjoy!!!
Took me a while to finally come here for lunch, and I will be back for that and dinner. Friendly, helpful staff.  Had the Chicken Tika appetizer, cooked perect, chicken was juicy & not dry at all. Vegetable rice was a huge portion, could have afforded much less rice & more vegetables & sauce.   *NOTE: THEIR DINE-IN LUNCH MENU IS 1/2 PRICE!  A very good deal. A nice restaurant for the neighborhood. Cannot wait to try their other dishes.
Me thinks not!  I truly don't know where the great reviews came from for this place.  The waiter was rude, the food was awful and COLD.  Truly one of the worst Indian food experiences i've had.  The chicken Korma I ordered didn't even taste like Korma and it had pineapple in it!   It was gross!  Never again I tell ya, never again!
The food was perfectly satisfactory, but the service was abysmal - there was one waiter, clearly overwhelmed, and all the tables at lunchtime were full.  It took forever to get an extra bottle of sparkling water, even longer for the mango lassis, he asked us to pack up our own leftovers, and then forgot to bring the check - it seems management is trying to cut corners by being understaffed, and it is not worth wasting your time visiting this place.
Om is, in my opinion, one of the better and more authentic-tasting Indian food on the UES. However, they have simply awful delivery - slow and inconsistent in accuracy.I order around once a week on average and have sampled a wide variety of the food. Among my favorites are the Chicken Curry and Bhindi Masala. Their take-out specials are an excellent deal - for $13.99 you get an entree, appetizer, naan and rice. The food is on the spicy side, which I like; but for spice-fearing people, Om may not be the the best option.I would be giving 5 stars if not for the frankly abysmal delivery. On weekends it routinely takes over an hour (even though they promise 35-40 minutes), and there are frequently problems with the delivery. Several times my order was incorrect or was missing items. They are usually very nice about re-delivering missing items but after another long wait it's too little, too late.Update Feb 29th 2012 - their delivery has gone from bad to worse. Tonight it took 1 hour and 20 minutes to deliver my order. The food was barely warm. Too bad they don't prioritize delivery service. I will not be ordering again.
Solid Indian food, which surprised me given that it's on the upper east side. It's not the same as what my Mom would cook at home, but still very tasty.The place is BYOB (apparently they are waiting to get their liquor license), which makes it that much more awesome.Only complaint was that, if I recall correctly, the entrees like chicken tikka masala don't come with rice or naan - you have to pay for that separately.
My favorite Indian food take-out! never been to the restaurant itself though. I usually go with the Malai Kufta and the nan bread, but I also tried the chicken massala and another curry dish (forgot the name...) all were very tasty and not too spicy (as Indian food can be :-)).
Delicious food! I had the palak chicken and have also had the butter chicken the other time I was there. They give you your dish in a separate bowl from the rice and you can mix it onto your plate as you want. It makes sharing with a friend easier too! Layout was nice and ambiance was great too. Tables were a bit small so it made maneuvering a bit tricky, but not unmanageable. Food came out pretty quickly (15 minute wait at 7:30 on a Thursday night). The servers were professional but not terribly friendly; I felt a bit like I was a pest just being there. Still, will definitely go back again to this spot.
Best Indian on the UES! There's really no other reason to look for another place. This place is intimate and BYOB. Just be aware that when you're done eating, they may ask you to leave to seat new patrons. In all fairness, it's a small restaurant and on the weekends, there will likely be a line.
Fantastic. I was a little skeptical,  but this place put me in my place. Simple review - great food, great service...nuff said.  I get from them now once a week. Spiced right and great portions. Cannot recommend this place enough.
We ordered for delivery. The Chicken Korma was delicious. They had thin slices of almond in the curry. Tender chicken and lots of flavor. The chicken tikka masala was good, but I think we had a bad batch because it lacked the creamy taste I'm used to. Honestly it tasted like Healthy's Choice tomato basil soup! But my bf ate it all even though it wasn't what he expected. Rice was delicious, it had clove seeds and I believe anise seeds which gave it an aromatic flavor. The samosas were fresh and had spicy chicken peas in the tray. Tasted good. Overall, the food satisfied our Indian food craving!
Tried Om recently, small little Indian place in my neighborhood on a sudden craving. Didn't eat much, had the butter chicken and lamb.. was alright. I've had some pretty bomb butter chicken and this one wasn't as tender and creamy as I'd hoped. More on the bland side. Also had the lamb barra kabab, wasn't too fond of the flavors. Mango lassi was good. Would go back and give it another try, but this time around it was just alright.
Oh my GOD.......I ordered dinner here at 8:15PMIt is now 10:00PMI'm still waiting for my food... my stomach is stuck to my back. I called them 12 times and the line has always been busy. still haven't gotten through to them.this is the first and last time I will order from here.If you don't want to starve, don't bother with delivery from OM.
I ordered the lamb saag and I asked for it extra spicy. The curry itself was VERY bland. The lamb was tender, the naan was moist and the lentil soup was hearty. But for the price, the portions and the flavor were both severely lacking.
The best Indian restaurant on UES. They also prepare non-dairy versions upon request. This is the only indian restaurant on UES where I indulge in Indian food, whether it's sit down, delivery or take-out. Love my non-dairy spinach. Michael, the owner, is extremely dedicated and takes very good care of his customers.
Apparently, this place is only BYOB MONDAY-THURSDAY.. sorry to mislead you guys...
For the price, variety and selection of entrees, as well as the quality and amount of food, this is going to be my new favorite and local spot. The place is on the small side, so the wait-staff is super efficient and always ready to take care of you at a moment's notice. For the vegetarians, the aloo gobi was the best I've had in the city thus far. For the meat eaters, the lamb buhna was a great alternative to vindaloo if you want something spicy but also incredibly flavorful.
Decent Indian but pricey. I'm just visiting the UES.
I was craving Indian food so I went on Yelp and apparently this is the best Indian restaurant on the Upper East Side.  I ordered their Om Special for delivery which included Kachori Chaat, Chicken Vindaloo, Rice, Naan, Mango Chutney, and Raita.  The Kachori Chaat was pretty good, essentially fried dough with lentils and some sauce.  The Chicken Vindaloo was spicy and very flavorful; I was quite impressed.  The rice and naan were good as well.  I did not try the small cups of mango chutney or raita.  Based on what I had I would highly recommend.  I would definitely order again and try some new things.
Amazing place!!!!! Chicken tika masala, goat curry and their bread was awesome!!!! Definately coming back!!!! The staff is very pleasant as well. I think i m starting to love Indian food more than anything else because of this restaurant! :)
Charming, modern decor.  Food was surprisingly good.  The sauces for the papadums were fabulous, especially the green one which exploded with mint and citus flavors.   My chicken tikka massala was excellent, good quality meat, portion size was perfect and the sauce was impeccable.  I was on my way to another Indian place which was not open for lunch and yelp directed me to Om, so glad it did because this place is a gem.  Can't wait to try it again, prices were reasonable, service attentive and the lunch deal is unbeatable for the quality and portions.  Bring your own beer.
Alright I have begun to order frequently enough from OM (embarrassingly so) that I must update to 4 stars! I love love LOVE their chicken korma, julab gamun & OM sweet naan. My delivery has improved and they no longer forget things. I must have had bad luck. I haven't been to eat in person but the pictures of the restaurant look very nice.
The food is not worth the negative energy you get from the staff. Learn some customer service or get out of the industry. I won't be returning. Bye OM
I've only had their take out but it's fantastic. The 14.95 deal is amazing and it's the best Indian food I've ever had for delivery.
Staggeringly bad customer service! It was hardly believable... My friend and I ordered delivery over the phone, even getting them to confirm the order just to be safe. Since I'm vegan, I specifically asked that they not send the separate yogurt my dish came with.When the food eventually arrived, of course there the yogurt was. But that was the least of it. My vegetarian friend had been sent a meat dish, and mine was full of cheese. We called to let them know about the mistake, which involved retelling all the details to three people in turn. At last the manager said he'd send out the right food. No one offered even the vaguest apology. We were utterly starving by now, so in desperation we ate some of my dish that didn't have the cheese in it. When the delivery guy finally arrived, I put out my hand to take the corrected order, but he jerked the bag back, away from me, saying I had to give him the wrongly delivered stuff back first! I was pretty stunned. And when I brought them to him and he saw the one wasn't completely full, he started refusing to give me our food orders! Eventually he took the two containers out of the bag and handed them to me individually. Of course we called the manager, but that was completely useless. The whole thing was so unpleasant it pretty much soured our evening.Absolutely never ordering from this disaster of a restaurant again.
Wow, fresh, flavorful and delicious! Ordered Om Special and chose chicken tikka masala and samosa that came with naan, rice and various sauces. I picked up this time but will go back to eat in beautiful restaurant next time. My new favorite place.
I came here for a nice quiet dinner on a Sunday night. The restaurant itself is small and cozy. As it was a warm evening the doors were thrown open, and tables were set out. We opted to sit within the warmth of the restaurant. The restaurant is cleanly furnished, and the service is very attentive. We ordered these fried potato patties for an appetizer, and two curries. The patties were crispy on the outside, while the insides consisted of fluffy mashed potatoes heavily spiced with black pepper. Good, but not something I would go out of my way to order again. One of the curries was a lamb curry, though not Vindaloo. The other curry (my pick) was with baby eggplant. Of course we also ordred Naan and Roti to accompany our curry; rice comes with the meal. I loved my eggplant curry. It had a bright citrusy note to it, as well as creaminess, a nice balance of spice, and tanginess all in one. The eggplant served as soft plush sponges that absorbed the sauce. The lamb curry was good, with a rich meaty flavor. There were chunks of lamb that were tough and gamy, but other pieces were perfectly tender. The Naan was fluffy with a nice pull, and a great char. The Roti was like the Naan except it was flatter and had a deep nutty flavor. We enjoyed our meal immensely, and I would definitely come back here again.
My go-to place for Indian on the UES.  Good, consistent quality food.  I used to order from Bawarchi but this is better.
I was so impressed with this restaurant that it inspired me to (finally) begin writing Yelp reviews. I don't live in the neighborhood so I can't compare to nearby competition l, but I can tell you that the service was outstanding - possibly the best in the city that I've ever encountered, and that's saying a lot! The food was of equally high quality as well. A must visit for anyone seeking a reasonably priced Indian meal.
I love Indian food.  I love it in a classy restaraunt. I love it in lunch buffet place.  Hell, I even like it from those weird delis that get C sanitation grades from the city. This place is the best Indian food I've ever had. The naan was great, both of the curries we tried were great, the cauliflower appetizer was incredible (and I'm not usually a cauliflower fan).  Highly Recommend.  My only word of warning is that some of the stuff is crazy spicy. Like, your mouth will hurt for hours spicy.  But it'll be worth it.
I want to feel light and happy, and I always feel heavy and bloated after eating at Om.  I'm not sure why, I'm always surprised.  Maybe they use a lot of salt, or more fat/oil than they should?Last time I was there I ordered the lunchtime special, which is a discount off the regular entree prices. The waiter very strongly pushed appetizers, and asked if I wanted rice or naan with the meal.  I asked for rice.  Guess what?  They charge $3 for a small bowl of white rice!  This seemed outrageous, given that he offered me rice and that the entree itself was probably about $6.   Not a huge amount of money, but did leave a bad taste in my mouth.   The food itself is pretty good, but again, feels quite heavy, unfortunately.
Om restaurant it's a great indian restaurant in the neighborhood. It's a bit more expensive than a regular indian restaurant, however the appearance is a bit more fancy. Food is really tasty and they have several great entrees.
I have ordered delivery from here many times.  I am so happy with the food.  Very very tasty.  They deliver quick, have a great menu and everything is always fresh and flavorful  One comment though, the chickpea with spinach dish is always salty...cut back a bit please.  Other than that, order your Indian take out / delivery from here if in the the neighborhood.  I hope to eat there in person some time.
This review is for dinner delivery. I got a spinach chicken dish that turned out watery and the chicken was a bit dry. I think the other stuff I had was a bit better but not great.
After seeing the reviews on this place I figured we could give it a shot since we just moved to the UES.  It saddens me to say that this place failed to live up to our expectations.  The portion size and the "OM sprecial" price was a great, but after trying a few dishes I would have to say that we won't be returning here anytime soon.  The tikka masala and the korma seemed to be too soupy and honestly just didn't hold the taste that we were looking for.  After being exposed to Curry Hill area for years, I think we were spoiled a bit.
Awesome, awesome food. Mulligatawni soup was fantastic - best ever. Tandoori vegetables divine. Mixed grill. Scrumptious. Service was perfect. One gripe - the papadam should be free!
I liked everything about this place. Went here for a date. The restaurant is small, but not cramped. Plus, it was a nice evening so they opened up the glass panels in the front so every table was  basically patio seating. The food was awesome. We got Saag Paneer and Channa Masala. The service was great as well. My new favorite neighborhood Indian spot.
This is my family's new go-to Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. The staff is friendly and checks in often to make sure everything is alright.  We especially love the chana masala and OM daal. And the price is just right for a casual family dinner out.
This is a welcome Indian addition to the neighborhood. BYOB and very, very tiny. The dishes themselves were probably 3-star-ish worthy as my fellow diner thought palak tasted too sour/different than usual. But, it smells amazing inside and staff were extremely courteous.
DO NOT ORDER ONLINEThis is the mistake that we made. My bf and I arrived in NYC to visit my family on the weekend of the freak October snowstorm (which was really nothing, just some rain/sleet). We were just in time for dinner, but my mom hadn't prepared anything so we decided to order in and Indian was the pick. I found Om Restaurant on Yelp, saw that they had online ordering, and quickly input our order. And then we began to wait. After 30 minutes I called to make sure they received our order, which they confirmed. 30 minutes later I called back asking what was taking so long. Their "excuse" was the weather, and our food was on it's way and to call if it didn't arrive in 10-15 minutes. Guess what? Called YET AGAIN and complained that it was ridiculous that it would take 1 1/2 hours to get our food since we live so F-ING close to them! Weather was no excuse. They apologized, said the delivery guy was leaving now, and they would give us something additional as their apology. 10 minutes later the guy arrived (must be their ONLY delivery guy), and of course there was no additional ANYTHING to our order. We called back and they gave us 25% off our next order from them. At this point we were speaking with a woman instead of some man, and she told us not to use their online ordering service - so then don't offer it if it's guaranteed to take longer!!!!Food was cold, and the portions were TINY compared to the price, but it was delicious. Or maybe we were so hungry that we didn't care WHAT we were eating. Either way, just call them if you want takeout - although I can't guarantee it will arrive much faster.
We eat here all the time and it's great.  Michael the Matire D is always welcoming.We have tried almost everything on the menu and there's a lot of good stuff.  The Goan fish curry is great and I always love butter chicken.  If you like it really spicy though you have to ask, and even then we usually get a few fresh chillis to add in ourselves, but we are chilli fiends.It used to be BYO, but I don't think it is anymore, unfortunately...only reason not 5 stars! but I still love the food, and have tried a lot of restaurants in the city and these guys get it right.Good for delivery too, but faster at the restaurant.
I'm a big fan of Indian food, I have tried about 4 or 5 other Indian spots on the UES, have to say this one is the best!! The Malai Kofta is the best I've had, the Chicken Tikka is great, good seasoning, all white meat, generous proportions, excellent dishes!
Everytime I go to NYC I ask to go back here. It is fantastic. They even refrigerated our beer on a hot summer day for us so it would not go bad while we ate. Great service, great food! I just have the staff recommend food for us because they do such a good job pairing the food together.
Solid Indian food for Manhattan. Good portions and quite tasty.
Excellent Indian food. The restaurant is very small do has to wait for almost an hour but once in it was worth the wait. Great service as well. Will def be back.
I got the take-out and it was fabulous!! IT took them less than 10 minutes to make, and you get a great size meal for the $14.  Includes an appetizer, main course, naan, basmati rice, and sauces. They let me sit at a table while I waited for my order, and they offered me water.  The staff was friendly, the atmosphere was very quaint. Small restaurant but beautiful artwork on the walls.  The waiters seemed attentive.  I will definitely be back to eat at the restaurant!! The only down-side I could see was that there was no hostess both so as soon as you walk in you kind of just stand there until someone gets to the door to seat it (it doesn't take long).
Met the owner/chef and got a quick lesson on how to make Korma sauce. Service was fantastic and the food was even better.
We love Om, and we love BYOB!  Bhel Poori, Saag/Palak, Tikka Masala - it's all great. Service is so nice too.  I have not tried delivery.
This is the first time I have ever eaten Indian food and I was more than pleasantly surprised. I got their butter chicken as per the reviews and it was so stellar and mouth-wateringly delicious. Spicy, but not TOO spicy. I got it with their rice, which I probably would have eaten alone that's how good their rice was. They also make very good special bread. First time I went it was incredibly cheap because they have some sort of deal for lunch on Sundays, so if you're looking to try -- go on Sunday.
My boyfriend and I just ordered from OM. Let me tell you, boy oh boy was it good! The chicken tikka masala was delish. The chicken vindaloo was labeled spicy, and they meant seriously spicy! My boyfriend is laying beside me after having drank 4 1/2 glasses of water after consuming 1/2 of the vindaloo entree. If you love spicy, flavorful Indian food, order from OM, you won't be disappointed. We did the OM special and it's a generous portion of food for a great price. The appetizers were crispy and tasty (samosa and assorted pakora). Excellent Indian food!
Saw the rating on Yelp and decided to give it a try because good Indian is hard to come by in NYC.  Appetizers (samosa and sweet and spicy gobi) were good but entrees were.... Disappointing.  My dish the vegetable koftas didn't taste cooked and got a piece of hair in there... Then the minute I left I tasted the msg... Maybe I went there on an off day.
Tasty food, friendly service, chill little spot. Went for lunch today (50% off all food!) and had the chana saag + rice + a chicken lentil soup. Delish and a great deal for lunch.
I've eaten at a few Indian restaurants in the area, and this is definitely the best. My paneer tikka masala was great - both the sauce and the cheese. It was a whole different tikka masala experience than I've had at other not-as-good restaurants. The samosas were also good.
Om.... as in om nom nom nom nom. Fantastic food and great service. Can't wait to go back!
I recently ate here with a friend. As the other yelp reviews say it's a small clean place with a wonderful ambiance. Traditional old bollywood music in the background, clean white table clothes with white plates,  glasses and small vases with white flowers that multi-colored candle holders that were lighted at dusk. It's currently BYOB and the owner Micheal promptly opened the bottle of white I brought and then asked if I would like to keep it chilled in the back and our waitress was quick to keep our glasses filled. We had the chaat for an appetizer, very delicious but it was a bit soggy, lamb vindaloo and butter chicken. The butter chickhen was phenomenal. I've only ever had this dish in the US and I've always loved it. I actually discovered vindaloo when I was studying in Mumbai for a summer and I've never had vindaloo in the US that's as good. This was good but the butter chicken won. We each had a garlic naan (I love naan, when I was little I could make a meal out of fresh naan and their naan is delicious) and we had too much food. Overall dining experience was very good. Delicious food, great service and wonderful ambiance all at an affordable price. Dinner for 2 $42 with leftovers to take home. When my Indian father comes to visit I'm taking him here.Note: Make reservations, this place is small and fills up fast, by 8pm on Tuesday they were full
I eat either at this place or order take out at a minimum of 3 times per week. I usually get the goan curry shrimp, which is so delicious and I am always happy with the choice. Om offers classic indian dishes but so fresh and delicious, going tonight because I am making myself hungry as I am typing this
Small, but comfortable.  The owner is very amiable and remembered our names! Get the Saag paneer, best dish of this kind I've ever had. Reasonable prices and BYOB, which is a plus. We had dinner with all the fixins' for a little over $30, not bad!
My friend and I came here after reading the Yelp reviews. Everything we got (the potato patty appetizer, cheese naan, chicken korma, butter chicken, and mango mousse) was amazing. The mango mousse was refreshing and light but really flavorful and good, and the portions for the meals were generous. BYOB which was nice, and they kept our wine cold for us behind the counter because our table for two was too small for a bucket. Everyone working there was so friendly and the owner came out and introduced himself and took our orders. The service was perfect, the atmosphere is casual but classy, the prices are very reasonable, and the food was amazing. Will go back as soon as I can!
Ok when it comes to Indain food I am really biased being that I have been to Goa and Tamal Nadu I am more partial to the Southern Style on Indan cooking that consist of spice and heat not just spice alone.I eat Nothern Cooking or Punjabi foods when nothing else is around..The atmosphere her was quite fine. I went on Saturday evening and the place was full so had to wait at the bar.Its a small location maybe 10-12 tables so its cozy and a warm atmosphereIt was a great experiece as I was able to meet Micheal who is the owner and also cooks he informed me and my guest.We ordered the Crab Curry and Chicken vandoloo extra spicy.Seemed to stun Micheal that we wanted it extra spicy. I found you have to do this with a lot of ethnic foods in NY or tell them spice it like you wound eat it. They seem to water it down to make the food appeal to everyone.The food is delivered in a timely fashion.I was impressed but the arrangement of flavours as it mingled on my tongue. The spices were fresh and culd taste the arrangements of them.It was spiced correctly with the heat mixture.The rice was fragrant also.Micheal and the wait staff did come by to make sure all was ok.I was impressed and had a great experience.I will definitly go back if on that sided of town in the future.
Really amazing! The service was great, our waiter was very friendly and conversational. As a vegan I had many options, and was happy to know I could eat the samosas which were very good. I had the spinach chana which was super tasty and a lovely texture. My boyfriend had the butter chicken, which he requested very hot. When he said it wasn't hot enough (we haven't found anywhere that they initially make it hot enough for him), the waiter brought out a dish of their spicy mixture for him to add as he liked, and his dish ended up satisfying him immensely. We shared the lemon rice which was delicious and a great compliment to the curries. We were sad to leave!
Another so-so Indian place. In the city. there are lots of them:) Chicken was dry, and sauce in Tika Masala was bland. And remember-I'm an Indian girl who doesn't like spice.
Been here twice and both times were amazing. Almond and Tomato cream sauces are insanely good. Best part is it's byob.
This is a new gem in the neighborhood. I actually took Indian food cooking lessons because of the lack of good Indian food on the UES. No more. Om's food is fresh (not frozen) and well-prepared. The aloo gobi was as good as any I've had at the best restaurants in India and Nepal. The samosa was light and flaky. The owner is very friendly and will happily tell you about his background as a chef and how his chefs are all Indian. An extra bonus, as if one needed one, is that everything on the lunch menu is HALF PRICE! I had an entree, naan and soup for under $10! How can you go wrong?
The samosas were delicious, as was the cauliflower, the curry sauce tasted delicious, i just would have wished for something a little more original in the vegetable curry. The carrots and peas were a bit dominant... But great food, i'll be back!
Second indian place I've tried in New York and I have to say I am definitely a fan.  I got the Chicken Korma and my fiance got the Chicken Tikka Masala.  The sauces were really good but the chicken was a little dry but other than that it was great.  Also the naan is amazing.  Definitely going to order there again.
Amazing food! The owner/chef was there to great me and give me advice. It was very sweet.I ended up ordering so much food because I wanted to try everything. I just took the left overs home and ate it for dinner. The garlic nan was definitely amazing but so was the entire meal down to the rice.The prices were so-so, but still, I'd go back!
Lucky for us, we were staying just around the corner from Om.  With the front window open to the street, the al fresco style dining was a nice touch. The owner, Michael, was very welcoming and sincere.  Definitely order some appetizers and don't skip on the naan bread!  I wish Om was closer, it would be my new favorite neighborhood joint!
Honestly, what got me through the door was the lunch special, 50% off the entire menu!  The food was delicious, not as spicy as i have had in the past, but very enjoyable.  Its a small place so stick your head in to make sure there's an available table, also it BYO (which I like).  My only complaint was the service.  The waitress was very sweet, but didn't seem to really know what she was doing.  It was pretty easy to forgive b/c she was never rude or anything, i guess she just needs some practice.
This is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Once again, this will be a review based on one dish (malai kofta). I like malai kofta. I tend to order malai kofta when I want Indian, unless I know said establishment sucks at malai kofta (many of them do).  Om's malai kofta was pretty damn good. The balls, themselves, were extremely good, and they were very nutty. I like nuts quite a lot, so that was a huge plus for me. I wasn't as crazy about the sauce; maybe it was too tomato-y. Maybe it was something else, but it was OK. Put those balls in a slightly different sauce, though...At any rate, it was a damn fine malai kofta. Next time I'm housesitting in the neighborhood, I imagine I'll be eating it again. It was also really good the next day; in fact, I'd say that the reheated version was even better than the fresh version. I had no sauce grumbles the second time around.I got takeout, so it's possible the naan is better in-house. The naan was fine. Nothing special. I've had many a better naan before, and Minar's is better. But, overall, a damn fine malai kofta I would be happy to eat again.
All around fabulous!Michael is the owner, and he is genuinely friendly and accommodating. The food is delicious and the service is excellent. BYOB. Try the Korma dishes. Only drawback: it's small. Get there early or try your luck on a weekend night.
This place deserves 3.5 stars. Why the ambivalence between 3 and 4? Dishes here are hit (SAMOSAS, butter paneer) or miss (chicken vindaloo - not seasoned properly). The 14.95 takeout/delivery special (appetizer + entree + naan + raita) is a steal. When I dined in, I appreciated the vibe of the restaurant - a simply and cleanly decorated place with accents of Indian culture - and the service was great. It's definitely not the best Indian you'll have in your life, but a good go-to if you live in the neighborhood.
great indian food at a comfortable budget. dinner for two with appetizers came to $45. BYOB is a huuge plus.
This is easily the best Indian food I've ever had. We ordered the chicken curry and the  chicken vindaloo. Both the curry and vindaloo were delicious and the vidaloo was incredibly spicy, too. I also had the lentil soup, which was steaming hot and I highly recommend it. Finally, the garlic and regular naan were both excellent. The service was friendly and fast. Note: The restaurant is small and tends to fill up quickly.
The curry chicken was very good. I asked for extra hot and was very pleased with the amount of spices. Will come back again.
Great deal, and we can always expect to enjoy the food.  We seamless this place about twice a month.  It is one of 2 Indian restaurants we choose.
It's just ok- not worth the money. Pro: The restaurant had a nice, cozy atmosphere and the food was good (passable but not memorable). The manager was willing to wait on us when the waitresses were busy and explained the terms I asked about.Cons: Wait staff. The waitress spilled water while pouring, the other waitress broke a glass; it took them three times to pass our table to clear off our empty plates (they were just walking around the restaurant, not actually doing anything). It made it difficult to enjoy the meal while being apprehensive of other accidents/new staff.However, I must say the manager was really nice and ended up waiting on us. The owner (I think) stood at the bar and surveyed the restaurant and seemed really proud. He should be, but not of the wait staff.
AMAZING food!!! I've eaten at a lot of Indian restaurants in the city ( it's my favorite) and this place is fantastic' Fresh, quality ingredients in the dishes is obvious. Will definitely be back!
Went with a group of 7 for a birthday and couldn't be happier.  The food was excellent and the staff was friendly and accommodating.  We had 4 different appetizers and seven different entrées, all were very tasty, good sized portions, and great sauces.  Pile it onto great rice and top it with some awesome naan and you're set.Entrées were reasonably priced around $10-15, and well worth it.I live above 100th St, but will definitely take the walk down to Om for all of my future Indian food needs.
"Extra spicy" meant out of this world spicy (lamb palak - spinach) - so be careful. Otherwise good service and taste.
this place is amazing. chicken tikka masala is to die for. get garlic naan too, you won't be sorry.I signed up to yelp just to rate this place, It's that good!
I have been looking for a good Indian restaurant recommendation for a while and finally I heard about this place. My friend and I went to catch up since we hadn't seen each other in a while. We sat down, they asked our drink order, and we told them this was our first time. Immediately after they came again asked our food order. We asked for a few minutes since we were talking and had not had a chance to look. 2 minutes later, the waitress came over again. We again, politely told her we hadn't looked. She came again 2 minutes later so we decided to just order. Throughout the meal, the owner stopped to check on us, and the waitress a few times, and after the waitress went to take our drinks before we were done too. I don't think they were trying to be rude at all though, I think they were trying to provide good customer service but it did annoy us and made the meal and our time seem rushed. This was the only reason I dropped it one star to four stars. The food itself was excellent. I had the chicken tikka curry. I would definitely return to have it again, but hopefully they will be busier and have less time to keep coming over.....
Om makes me feel like I'm trying Indian food for the first time. Lets face it, there's something formulaic about most Indian food in the US.  Like a lot of ethnic cuisines, it gets predictable.  Not so Om.  Since the first time I stumbled on this place, I find that ordinary dishes - Biryani, Tikka Masala - suddenly have much more going on in them than I expected.  There's complexity, richness, surprise, texture.  It's like Indian food in High Resolution!That's enough for me to give it five stars. Sure some things aren't perfect - their delivery maybe isn't the best, or someone likes their food hotter, or milder, or they want more chutney on their pappadam.  Meh.  Om rocks.  Hope it stays that way.
This is for the delivery. Food somehow managed to be both rather watery and greasy at the same time. It was ok, but I'm still looking for my go-to Asian food place in the ues.
Get the OM special. I love the paneer bhurji here. One of those things you crave in the middle of the night,
I order them on Seamless all the time - they're super fast, really tasty and cheap! They have a fixed price dinner special at $14.95 that can't be beat when you have an indian food craving. Yummm
On a rainy night on the UES, besieged with a desire for some Indian fare,  my 8-year old "foodie" and I decided to try this place on a whim. We ordered a fairly simple dinner of chicken tandoori and tikka masala, naan and some raita, and hoping for something at least palatable, we were completely blown away by the quality of the food. Everything was fresh, tender and non-greasy. The rice was light and flaky, the bread perfectly warm and sweet, the sauces just delectable -- again, not at all oily and yet so gorgeously tasty that both my son and I were digging in with a spoon once all the chicken was gone. This might be the best Indian food I've had in New York City yet, and I'm an NY'er born and bred and have also been to India. Prices, too, were fantastically reasonable for this kind of quality. I hate to write this review knowing that soon, I will have great pains getting a table.
I went in for the 50% lunch special thinking it would be amazing experience.  Food was decent but the service was awful.  Waiter was rude.  You get charged for a small bowl of rice to go with entree and there is a minimum of $15 if paying with card. (Which it does not say anywhere on the menu or site.)  I would have given three stars but the attitude of the waiter was uncalled for.
We've been here twice, once soon after they opened, and again recently.  Both times it was fantastic, especially the chicken vindaloo, which is spicy perfection.  The owner is very welcoming, which is definitely a plus, although we'd come back again just for the food.  The Goan Salmon curry is delicious as well.  I saw below that they off 50% off at lunch, which means we will definitely be back again soon.  The UES needs this place.
Definitely a huge fan of this place. I love Indian food, and having started my love affair with Indian food back in college in Philly where if you're not amazing Indian food you don't even exist, I'm extremely picky about what Indian restaurants live up to such high standards. This place definitely did the job :). It's 50% off at lunch, so that's always a plus. The chicken tikka masala was really, really great. Very flavorful. Will definitely come back next time I'm in the city :).
This is a nice Indian spot on the Upper East Side. It's a smallish restaurant but the food is great and the service is friendly. I'm a big fan of their tikka masala and often have it delivered. I would recommend anything on the menu since everything I've tried has been wonderful.
Ordered Om for delivery a few nights ago.  The delivery time was surprisingly short and the samosas and naan were delicious!  I had a big problem with the chicken vindaloo entree, however.  I ordered it medium spicy.  I love spicy food, but I know my limits.  The chicken that came was HOT HOT HOT!  After only 5 bites and two full glasses of water, I ended up tossing the rest in the garbage.  I couldn't take the heat!
Given all the fantastic Yelp reviews this place has gotten, I was pretty surprised by my decidedly mediocre meal there. The channa saag and the garlic naan were good, but the chicken in the chicken korma was dry and overcooked. The biggest problem, however, was the service--we waited almost 45 minutes for our food!
Very good.  We had vegetable samosas, malai kofta, chana masala, vegetable korma, and naan.  All were excellent, and we received attentive service.
Fantastic! By far the best (and cleanest) Indian Restaurant in the area. The food is quality and they use the perfect amount of spice. The restaurant also happens to be really well decorated, so I like to actually dine in rather than take out.
such good indian food! my new favorite in the upper east side. Love that the samosas come with chickpeas! so delicious! and the chicken tikka masala has a nice spice to it, much better than your standard dish! will be eating this for a while...mmm
Came on a late Saturday night, and there were only 4 seats available -perfect for my guests and me! The place reminded me of cozy restaurants in Philly that I love so much--low lighting, cozy and intimate seating BYO wine, and very attentive servers. We ordered samosas and some other appetizer dish that I can't remember, a mango lassi, garlic naan, chicken masala, some vegetable curry, and a lamb dish. The entree portions were large, while appetizers were a bit pricey for only a few pieces. Everything was delicious and I especially loved how delicately the rice was flavored.Our waiter was the owner, who was one of the friendliest I've experienced since moving to New York. Will hopefully come back again for a date night--of course, there are so many places to try, but this is one of my favorites so far on the UES! Maybe I just like the small intimate restaurants with homey food though and therefore I haven't been so impressed with a lot of options near where I live.....next stop, East Village!
8/10: Being in the Upper East Side, I feel as though there is a lack of the cultural vibrance seen throughout a lot of the rest of the city. So when I was exploring my Indian food options in the area I was a bit disappointed in what I was finding. However, after trying the food at OM I have been coming back here regularly for take out since it is close by. The service is always good, it's a clean and pleasant atmosphere and most importantly the food has been consistently good regardless of what I have ordered.
The food is good but their delivery is horrific. The first time the delivery guy gave our order to someone else in the building. When we called, the restaurant said it was our fault until 5 back and forth conversations to get to the bottom of it - thank goodness for our door guys. The second time the food hadn't left the restaurant when it was 30 minutes late. The third time, the order was over 20 minutes late. Sadly the service has gone downhill and the food itself isn't worth the problems.
I'll keep this short and simple so you can save time reading my review and get that rear-end in gear on over to Om. The dishes are superb, they have a separate part of the menu for vegetarian and most things can be made vegan if not already. Although they serve wine and beer in-house, they still offer BYOB (with *NO* corkage fee) including bottle service from Mon-Thurs only - so note Friday - Sunday there's a fee. Still the best deal since sliced bread.Near major transportation, prices are cheap and service is outstanding.They did not bat an eye when Jennifer spilled two glasses of wine and water all over the table and floor. Nor did they mind when she spilled food on the floor at the new table. (What did I get myself into here?) They remained courteous and polite offering outstanding service despite Thrilla's best attempts to violently overthrow the establishment in a food-fight-frenzy.
The food was fantastic. My friend has chicken vindaloo and I highly recommend it for someone who loves spice! The garlic naan was some of the best I've ever had. On top of that the service was very kind and very helpful.
I came here to eat-in. This is a very small restaurant with not a lot of privacy or nice ambiance! Delivery guys wearing bike helmets kept on walking past our table. I ordered the vegetable biryani- safe choice right? It was way too spicy, I couldn't eat it. I've never heard of vegetable biryani being spicy. I don't think I would come back here, there are other similar options with better food.
do not eat here i am pregnant and the rice had a piece of plastic bag in it and they refuse to give me a refund and requested to give me a new rice or 20% unsanitary do not eat here
My husband and I love this restaurant! It's our favorite Indian spot on the UES and was recommended by many friends. The servers are so nice and helpful, I always ask them for their recommendations, and the food is always so good. We love the naan platter (4 types of Naan bread), and the onion naan is our favorite. Also love that they have so many different vegetarian options.
BEST INDIAN FOOD. Period. Delivery is always extremely fast and comes exactly as ordered.
A small, quaint and tasty Indian restaurant on the Upper Eastside with reasonable prices. Both times I dined in after spending time at The Met. The service was semi slow because they only had one waiter and one runner on the floor, but the waiter was really nice and made up for it with his demeanor. We ordered the Tikka Masala and Chili Chicken. The chili chicken wasn't too spicy and would satisfy those of us who aren't quite ready for the full array of Indian spiciness.
The worst Indian I have ever had. I ordered the tikka masala with rice and garlic naan. Tomato sauce was tasteless and terribly seasoned, chicken was extremely dry, and the garlic naan was barely cooked. I would not recommend.
We always order from here so the other night we decided to come for dinner. As the waiter was taking our appetizer dishes away, all the plates fell. I was covered in sauce and food. It happens. I do feel like they could have gave us a drink on the house though. But nope, nothing. The place is BYOB so that's a plusThis is probably one of the better Indian places on the UES. Even with sauce in my shoe, I'd come back.
In the absence of options for Indian food in the neighborhood, this place is an OK choice. Nothing special.
My all time favorite Indian spot. Haven't had anything better. Great quality, reasonable price and very professional service. The food taste oh so amazing, maybe because the cook is a lady from their family. Nothing like a mother's cooking right?! Must go! Can't wait to go again.
Great service. Definitely order the samosas and chicken tikka masala. Real Indian food, real good.
The logo states "real Indian food"....not quite the case. Perhaps "inauthentic" is the most appropriate term. We ordered the yellow daal, saag paneer, and malai kofta with samosas as appetizer, 3 breads and a raitha. The wait staff was nice but had some issues. The "saag" paneer wasn't saag but actually creamed spinach...clearly living up to the "realIndian food" trademark they want to embody. I had asked for a "lentil soup" not yellow daal and the waiter asked me if I wanted yellow or black, I thought this was odd but said yellow - of course they come out with the entree size (and price). When ordering the samosas (there were 3 in our party) the waiter said there's only 2 in an order but was nice and mentioned "but don't worry I'll give you another one." I don't expect charity from a  restaurant or a free samosa but at least be honest because when the bill came out it showed $9.95 for samosas when the price on the menu was $6.95. The raitha was insanely sweet for no reason and about 3 teaspoons for $2.95 and the rice had elachi or cardamom in it, ugh. Not satisfied at all, go somewhere better that won't serve creamed spinach and try to pass it off as "realIndian saag."
OM used to be amazing Indian food on the UES. I have eaten there and ordered delivery many times. Today my food arrived way later then expected was cold and stale and did not include all the sauces listed on their site. When I called to let them know the restaurant was argumentative and unapologetic. Disappointing as this place used to be my go to.
Great food and service. We live in this area and visit here every once a while. Liked the veggie korma, veggie house curry and butter chicken.
Fist of what will be many visits to Om tonite. Breads were great, samosa just the right level of spice,  and the tandoori chicken was perfect. Kudos, too, to our server Khaled.  He was just the right level of attentive but not pushy. We'll be back.
Tasteless, over cooked, just absolutely horrible for what is arguably the most flavorful food one can casually order. The only reason they get two stars and not one is because they have big portions. Never again.
After spending years eating Indian food around the world, I can honestly say that this place is one of my top three, which include restaurants in England and India. I live with my girl friend who is Gujarati right around the corner from Om and we both have been traveling quite far to eat DECENT authentic Indian (Tandoori on 83rd is a joke), so when we saw a new Indian restaurant pop up around the corner we were hopefully optimistic. Our first experience brought both of us back to the real flavors of well done Indian cuisine. The decor is very simple, but nice, however the service and food is worth a flight from anywhere in the country. A must try in my opinion is the Aloo Gobi Mattar. The Masala sauce is also the best I've ever had. When I inquired about the high standard of the food, the owner himself Michael appeared from the kitchen (a good sign). He has worked with the like of Jean George and other culinary artists throughout his many years in New York, but it is very clear his heart is still in India. All of the spices are imported in block form from India. Absolutely my new staple. Recommendation: Go for lunch to try it out, there is not a lunch menu, but all courses are half price and the portions are still very good. I went there the other day with a friend and ordered two entrees, naan and special rice and left with tip with a 20$ bill. A solid 5 star restaurant.
A wonderful find in the Upper East Side, their dinner combos are a great deal, and their food pretty good. Also the owner is one of the friendliest and charming people I have ever met.
great indian food, -1 star for the rude waiter, who refused to bring my table the check.
April 11, 2011 We made a Saturday night dinner reservation for 6 people at 8pm dinner. No problem. We upped it to 7. No problem. We upped it to 8. No problem. We (shamefully) were running a half hour late. No problem. The place is BYOB right now, and the liquor store is two doors down. And the food was delicious. We ordered just about everything on the menu. With the exception of one slightly dry chicken dish, every other meat was perfectly tender and delicious. A hidden gem!
After Dakshin closed, I was really missing quality Indian food but Om has closed that gap. They have an amazing delivery deal. Their food is not too spicy (which was a giant problem I had at Baluchi's) but it is very flavorful. Although the servers are not the most personable people, the owner is super nice and always buzzing around. My boyfriend and I are not the most adventurous (he always gets saag paneer, I always get chicken tikka masala) but we love eating here. They have a few great lamb appetizers and their naan is great reheated which is a hard thing to find.
Best Indian Food I've ever had.  Great combo options and good prices.
Clean, inviting and yummy.  Slight language barrier with the waitstaff, and at the end of our meal we were told the CC machine was broken so we had to pay cash.  Other than that the food was delicious, and they have a great 50% off deal for lunch!  Good Indian food is sometimes hard to find, this place is delicious.
This small restaurant is easy to miss because its nestled between shops. But once you are in there, I realised I liked the amience, the food and the service. The owner Michael was really friendly. I loved the mint paratha and Saag paneer. They have 50% off lunch time offers which makes it super affordable!! Its really worth going to OM for a good Indian retreat.I would go here again !!
Excellent Indian food that was much needed in the area.  They have a great special that provides a main course, appetizer, rice and naan bread for like $13 (I get take-out usually so not sure if this applies for sit down as well).  Prices are very reasonable for the high quality food.  I live close by and was very pleased to find good Indian near my apt.  Some of the other places in the city only serve buffet style which results in tepid food that can not be mande extra spicy like I prefer.  Here, it is made to order.  Service is great as well.
This is relatively new restuarant and I am sooooo happy to have it in my neighborhood.  In the las two weeks I have been here three times.  Every time i have tried a new dish.  COnsistently they have had great flavor, and service.  This place is a little gem.  I have tried various indian resuuarants in the area and none can come even close to OM.  All there sauces are made from scratch and the jasmine rice is spot on.  OM will only get better when they can serve wine, but do not wait in the meantime.  If you like Indian food then this authentic indian resturant will not dissappoint you.
The lamb vindaloo was perfectly spicy and very flavorful as was the chicken tikka massala.  The aloo ghobi mattar cauliflower dish rounded out the meal.  The basmati rice and naan were perfect aswell  Our new upper east side indian venue, and a great new addition to the indian restaurants.  Gets as close to a London indian as one can get in new york, and at a fraction of the price.  Dishes were not overly creamy ad can be the case in man NY indian rstaurants.
Just to echo Emily, it's been a long time since there's been a good Indian place in the nabe.  The basics are solid and the specials are pretty good too.  The appetizer-entree deal is a good value; it's almost enough for two meals.  They did not have their liquor license when we went, but there's a liquor store right next door.  I've ordered from them twice and had no issues.  It's not Tabla, but it'll satisfy your craving and then some.  Yeah, the place is small, but we had pretty good service and it didn't feel cramped.
I just knew there was something especially delicious about the almond sauce caressing our chicken. Sure enough the owner said that he made it himself with freshly ground almonds. Yum. The other dishes were very good, not 5-star worthy. Service was spot on, prices were reasonable, ambiance pleasant and clean and the BYOB policy reduced our overall cost. I'll be back.
We ordered the prix fix about twice a week and always had great food! My fiance is from India, so we are picky!
AMAZING and AUTHENTIC Indian food!! Great service too!!! Try the butter chicken, delicious!
We stumbled upon this place and happy we did. We had chili chicken, paneer tikka and chicken tikka masala and all were top notch. The service was excellent and the owner came by several times to check in and even helped with our stroller as we left. Will def go back!
I made a yelp account to specifically write this review. I ordered 2 entrees and a mango lassi. After waiting literally 1 hour for my food to be delivered (I timed it) it finally arrived. On the bright side, the food was pretty good. What sucked for me was that my mngo lassi was not delivered. No problem, I thought. They are literally 3 blocks away, so I will call them and ask them to deliver it. I called back and they said they would. 45 minutes later, no lassi. I called again. 15mins later the delivery guy shows up with the mango lassi spilled all over the bag. My husband flips out. I call again and explain the situation in a very understanding manner. After passing the phone around to a few indiviuals  at the store they offer to give me $10 off my next order. Well, ummmm, thanks but no thanks. There will not be another order. I asked him to come back and bring me the money for the drink. Still waiting, lets see what happens. It is a shame because the food was pretty good and I would have ordered it again, but TERRIBLE customer service/Delivery.
I have only ordered takeout from here and we've never been disappointed.  I usually have the yellow lentil dal and it's excellent.  Perfectly spiced and a generous portion that feeds me for 2 meals.  Other popular menu items in my house include: chicken tika masala, samosas, chicken soup.  Delivery is always prompt.  We love this place.
Great Indian food. Staff was very friendly will definitely recommend too family and friends.
I went to Om a few days back and had the pleasure of sharing some daal makhani (aka Om Daal) and butter chicken with a gorgeous girl.Om provided an impeccable experience. The daal was delicious and creamy, and the butter chicken was quite nice. The rice, which comes with each entree, tastes like it is picked and cooked by an OG Indian grandma. The naan provides a tender and delicious medium to help consume the aspects of the dining experience. Within minutes of walking in, the waiter described the available beers to me, and showed my lady friend the drink selection as well. The waiter was very attentive and helpful throughout the entire process. Great service. This place is lit. Great butter chicken too. Tell your friends about it
Got a mango lassi while waiting for take-out. That deserves 5 stars for hospitality right there!
Really cute small place. The light was a bit too dim, but they asked us if the light was ok and made it brighter when said it was. The service was beyond good. The waiter came several times to our table and asked if everything is good. I didn't like the fact that the butter was melted, but I guess it was easier to put it on the naan bread. The bread was delicious, but the tikka masala was a bit too spicy for me. I hoped it would have been lightly spiced since I asked for it.   Next time Ill just have to ask for no spice. Overall, cute place.
One of the best, if not the best, Indian restaurants in all of Manhattan.I've only ordered takeout, but considering I've ordered takeout probably 10-15 times from here, I can certainly say that the food keeps me coming back every time. A favorite amongst my friends and I is the butter chicken: all the flavors are balanced and not one ingredient overpowers the others, just the way it should be. So good I'm always tempted to ask for the recipe.
A long Subway ride is worth the savory samosas at Om! (Excluding Samosas) this was my first time tasting Indian Cuisine, move over Thai food! Dropped in on a Sunday Night with mamabear to be greeted by friendly staff that prepared a table within minutes despite the crowd. Om is a tiny Restaurant that makes up for space in spirit. Upbeat music playing in the background and candles/ flowers on every table create a pleasant atmosphere for a nice dinner. The Samosas appetizer were delicious and spicy ( love it !). They gave two medium ones but I wish they put one more for the price.. We both ordered the Chicken tikka masala which I devoured quickly.  The waiters kept refilling the rice bowl when it hit below the half mark which was nice. Awesome service too !Overall I think this place earns 5 stars for being a friendly, cozy place to chow down some tasty food. Oh yeah.
We love this place. BYOB during the week with extremely friendly and generous service. Last time we came our waiter brought us extra dessert that had left at no extra charge. The ambience is really soft and friendly. The food is just awesome. Very authentic. Overall great spot especially for a date! Get the tikka masala!
Ordered delivery from here a few times. The food was all good, but wish they offered some vegetarian dishes half the size and the meat dishes were bigger instead. The green sauce exploded in our delivery bag so that was a bit of a mess to clean up.
Worst indian food i have ever had in my life. honestly don't know how they can even call themselves a restaurant. terrible customer service: seems as though no one even cares and like they're doing you a favor by letting you eat in their restaurant. the food was cold and bland. i ordered garlic naan which was actually sweet (how on earth can garlic naan be sweet?) rice was hard and stale (clearly it had been sitting there for a while) i also got chicken tikka masala which tasted like someone dumped a whole bunch of crushed tomato on dry chicken and samosa which tasted like old oil. NEVER going back. plenty of other restaurants in the neighborhood to visit rather than subject myself to this again. beyond poor service + gross food = loss of a customer
Best Indian food on the UES!!! Excellent service, great atmosphere, and delicious authentic dishes! We come here frequently and the quality is always the same. If you're looking for something new to try, Om is the place for you! You will not be disappointed!
I haven't actually eaten inside the restaurant, but this is my new go to spot on seamless for delivery when I'm craving Indian food. The Om Special is a great deal. $14.95 gets you an appetizer, entree, rice and bread. This surplus of food can last about 2-3 meals.  I like the chicken tikka appetizer.  To date I've tried the chicken palak (spinach and chicken) and the chana saag.  (spinach and chickpeas)  Both were good, I like the chana saag the best.  I also like that this food does not taste excessively oily. Looking forward to trying new things on the menu. Also, delivery comes in a snap!
This is my favorite Indian place in NYC. Try the vegetable korma, the best I've ever had. They include grapes (or what I think are grapes, hard to tell in the sauce but it works), it's delicious. Also a great wait staff. Have been dozens of times and never regretted it.
Unfortunately, as with so many places, initial success does lead to complacency. While there is no doubt that OM brought higher quality Indian to yorkville when it debuted several years ago, service has markedly deteriorated. After being an almost weekly customer, it does pain me to stop patronizing this restaurant and look for alternatives, and, if failing that, to take the train downtown to satisfy my North Indian food cravings. This reviewer does not wish to go into the details of this restaurants failings, as she believes it to be in bad taste, but would like to alert fellow neighbors nevertheless.
Came in on a Friday night and didn't need a reservation. The food, service, prices and overall ambiance make this place a great option on the UES. The waiter took time to greet us, shake our hands to introduce himself and thank us. Water never goes unfilled, and you don't have to wait long for your food. The menu is extensive, too. For food, I recommend the saag paneer, tikka masala and start with the fried onion! It's also very affordable. Monday through Friday it's BYOB. Glasses of wine are $7 and bottles $28. The average entree is about $13-$14. It's quiet inside, so these is perfect for a small group of 4 or just for a table for two. Overall, I had a great experience and will definitely be back soon. It's a gem that I hope continues to do well.
Excellent customer service by Khaled!! He is the best server. He goes above & beyond to make the customer happy. We loved the food as well. Paneer tikka masala was yummy. Hubby loved the shami kebabs. The garlic naan & the complimentary rice was yummy too. We would definitely be regulars there.
Chicken korma is pretty good; however, the butter chicken is another story. It tastes kinda sour and sweet at the same time. I've had BETTER butter chicken before.Garlic naan doesn't have the strong garlic taste; might as well get the plain naan instead.
Very good, but relatively spicy Indian food. Samosas are the best I've had in the city. Lamb vindaloo was very flavorful. My only complaint is the quality of the lamb meat, which wasn't bad, but also wasn't the best I've had. My wife's paneer was also very good. Delivery was ahead of schedule. Definitely recommend.
The best Panir Makhani I have ever had. The service was perfect. The servers are especially kind and patient. Very grateful to have in my neighborhood. My fiancé highly recommends the chicken Briyani as well!
Yum.  They have a really nice lamb korma.  The butter chicken is good (not too sweet) but no comparison to the lamb. Good portions.  I think the garlic naan could be more garlicky. :) Will definitely order from them again. Price is reasonable for the area although I still think it could be cheaper.
The service here is really exceptional.  Our waiter had perfect timing, was unobtrusive and yet very attentive.  The food was also very enjoyable.  We ordered the chicken tikka masala, lamb masala, and lamb palak- the lamb palak was our favorite.  And it's BYOB!  There's nothing more I'd ask for.
Great casual place to get nice Indian food. We had a veggie curry and tandoori chicken.I think the place is good value for your money (NYC standards ~), portions are really generous. A  bonus is that they have several different whole wheat breads available that also taste very good!
This hole in the wall restaurant was a great find. It had a very nice atmosphere and the food was good. The service was very good! Our waitress even gave us extra rice and naan to take with our leftovers.
Great Indian food! I love the lamb vindaloo, channa sag, and the cottage cheese appetizer. The staff is friendly and efficient. It's also byob Monday-Friday or a $10 corkage fee the rest of the time.
This place has the best food! Not only was the food amazing but Khaled was the best server!
I live around the corner and my roommates and I love it at om!!! We bring a bottle and get garlic Naan and a couple entrees and leave stuffed and happy. The staff is so so friendly and the vegetarian dishes (specially the Korma and saag paneer) are amazing. Come to Om!!
Amazing Indian cuisine. Anything with lamb, crab, almond in it is delicious. The garlic naan fantastic. They treat you like royalty & the price is what will make this our #1 spot for Indian food
Loved it! My roommate and I came here one night to check it out and we were not disappointed.  The food was amazing and reasonably priced and the service was just as good. We started with the samosas, which is a must if you decide to go, then ordered lamb vindaloo and saag panir for entrees. Everything was fantastic. Between the great service and amazing food, this is definitely a place I will be visiting again and again. Also worth noting - you can bring wine in with a small corking fee of $10.
I miss this place so much. I recentlymoved away from the upper east side. Where can you get such a great take out special with authentic delicious food. The OM Burhjee is fantastic, I'm Indian and I can say I would bring my parents here to  have  a great meal. Cooks will make your food very spicy if you want and it's a great value.
I have been on a kick to try out some different taste sensations lately and have been eyeing this place from afar recently. Last night I decided that we were going to give Om Restaurant a try as I was craving Indian fare. Sure glad we did as this was a feast fitting for a Maharaja!On weekend nights this place is packed as it's a narrow little eatery with only about 13-15 tables in it that seats two at a time. I figured Monday night would be a good call and when we dropped by it was still pretty busy, but we easily found a seat. The aroma of delicious curry and spices filling the air is intoxicating when you walk in, and immediately gets your taste buds tingling with anticipation. The decor is understated, bright and clean, yet simple and elegant at the same time.I had called ahead to confirm that they are BYOB and happily grabbed a bottle of one of our favorite wines at the liquor shop conveniently located a few doors down. As soon as we sat down our waiter took our bottle to open and pour into our glasses - with no corkage fee either! We ordered and within minutes were treated to a fabulous meal.Sweet and Sour Gobi - cauliflower cooked in a sweet and sour red sauce. So good, and the sauce reminded me of an Italian style sauce.Om Sweet Pulao Saffron Rice -  cooked with fruits and nuts. I love this! It's like a hot dessert but it's not. Plain Naan bread - their version is light, soft, fluffy, with a bit of char-grill on the underside. Perfect for dipping into the sauces of our main entrees.Chicken Tikka Masala - in a tomato cream sauce. A classic favorite done just right. I could eat this all the time.Chicken Tikka Curry  - chicken tikka cooked with assorted veggies. I just love the taste and smell of curry and this did not disappoint. Good mix of chicken and veggies.Wow - what a meal!I must say that the service here is impeccable. The servers cater to your every need and make sure you are having a quality dining experience. Our water glasses were always filled, and our wine glasses were topped off at just the right moments. Delicious food at fair prices. Even the owner came by to chat and make sure we were enjoying our meal. There is a feeling of genuine concern and warmness here that I find lacking in many restaurants nowadays. We could not have asked for a better dining choice and will certainly be back again. Lately, it seems like the the UES / Yorkville part of town is becoming a foodie haven with all of these newer additions to the area. It's a pleasant surprise!"Om" nom nom nom for sure!
I will not be coming back. The service was horrendous, they "forgot" to put in half of our table's orders so we got our entreesmuch later than the other ppl in our group and to top it all off the food was nothing special at all.
Yum! Indian is a newer selection for me as I've been exploring vegetarian dishes in the past 6 months. It's great, the flavor pallet is definitely up my alley. I ordered Om once for take out and it was really good, so I decided to take my man here the other night. He has always told me he did not like Indian but I know what glaciers he tends to lean for so I knew he had just not tried the right places. I surprised him and already got a feel for the menu before arrival. We ordered two appetizers and two dishes, and it was as I thought he LOVED it. The Samosa and the Malai Kofta it delicious!!He even thanked me a few times for opening up his mind as he will definitely be exploring more. We will be back
Amazing customer service and the food is yummy in my tummy give it a try. You won't be disappointed !!
This marvelous authentic Indian eatery is just up the street from my building- so convenient!!! I am enjoying meals here often-my favorite has been the Chicken Curry, Garlic Naan, and a delightful Cabernet Sauvignon by the name of Chateau St. Jean, so utterly refreshing and smooth. The atmosphere is friendly, intimate, and laid- back-peaceful and warm-food is excellent and service exceptional. Every visit is refreshing!!! Thankyou for such a delightful experience!!!! I am Mr. Gordon Twist.....
So many great eateries on the UES, it's hard to decide. Om was well beyond our expectations and fairly priced. To be honest, I think the take out menu may even be better, since you get a free appetizer with your entree.The only downside to some of these Indian places is the lack of free naan. I want unlimited bread in my tummy and I want it now! I wouldn't recommend you ask the staff for a recommendation on what to eat. I wanted some type of lamb dish and the server suggested his favorite dish. Although it sounded delicious I said I wasn't interested because one of the ingredients tastes like licorice which is not my favorite.... no other option could be given. Hey I know what I like, and I know what I don't like, but I'm hoping to have someone guide me at times. Unfortuantely my server couldn't do such. Either way, the decision to go with the Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Tikka Masala was optimal! Don't forget the Garlic Naan for an added punch
Nice indian restaurant in the UES.Not overpriced and good portions.Really nice service, will be back!
Great place! Conveniently located for the UES crowd looking for both delicious and affordable Indian fare! Efficient and pleasant service, which isn't always easy to find in the city.
My husband and I eat here at least once a week. The food is very good and full of flavor without being greasy or oily. The service is always friendly and attentive. We have also ordered takeout from time to time and it is also good. However the naan is much better when eaten in the restaurant. I highly recommend the tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, tandoori vegetables and garlic naan.
We had the chicken tika masala and the okra dish with rice. The food was delicious and the staff were friendly. Definitely will come back.
Absolutely fantastic. Been to India, and been to a lot of Indian restaurants here in the States. Om is the real deal. Convenient for Upper East Siders, it's worth the trip for those in other parts of Manhattan. The food is authentic, the seasonings well balanced, and each dish carefully prepared. The service is outstanding. Our team of servers, Laxmi and Khaled, were delightful and couldn't have been more attentive. We've been eating here for years, and I've been remiss in not updating my older review. Om is still great, and always has been. Highly recommended.
This used to be my neighborhood Indian spot until I found a cockroach on our table this evening. The staff saw me squeal and jump out of my seat and then proceeded to kill the cockroach. We were expected to sit back down and resume our meal like nothing had happened. We thought that we would be given at least some compensation for the incident but nothing at all was done. When the manager was told about this, he just muttered he was sorry without batting an eyelid as if it were a regular occurrence. Very disappointed and will not be coming back here again.
I really like the food, but delivery is abominable.  I keep giving them another chance, and I don't know why.  Delivery over an hour, without any warning upon ordering, and the person who answers the phone always lies and says the delivery person "just left" when I call to check on the order.  It's always at least 20-25 minutes more, and I live a block away.  I just wish there were another Indian restaurant with comparable food nearby.
Delicious food. Standard Indian options, but every dish is perfection. Their service is amongst the best I have ever encountered. Nice ambiance. Fairly priced. The meal lacked nothing.
As a Londoner living in New York, a good curry has been hard to find.  Om however was a nice surprise!  Good curries, good service, good beer all at a good price.  Highly recommended.  Note, is BYOB (wine only) Monday-Thursday which obviously is a huge plus
We usually order from Om and its mostly delicious, this time we could barely eat half our meal. The lamb briyani was INSANELY spicy which should not be, the chicken tikka masala sauce was watery and ALL of the sauces were watered down and the green sauce was spoiled!!! Very disappointed. Will have to go back to ordering from Pappadam.
Delicious Indian food! Our favorite Indian restaurant in New York. The butter chicken has lots of flavor and ample amounts of chicken. Naan bread is freshly cooked and nice and fluffy; I recommend the onion naan. The service is great, staff seems genuinely interested in providing a enjoyable experience. Nice atmosphere.
Food is great.  The service not so much - took forever to order (20+ min of trying to ask somebody to take our order) and then to flag down a server for simple things such as some water, extra rice or the check.  I will certainly come back here, but for take-out only from now on.
We had always been happy with their food until tonight -- when we found a bug in the chicken vindaloo delivered to us. Forget about how yummy the food is, the appetite  was totally ruined. Doubt we will ever order from them again.
Strong up-and-comerMy friend and I were looking for a quick bite to eat after visiting the Met and we were in the mood for Indian. Solid reviews led us to Om. We were a little hesitant to go in because no one else was sitting there, but our stomachs got the better of us and we decided to go it.Service from start to finish (probably because we were the only people there) was spot on. My water glass was never empty, the servers helped pour our beers for us (it's a BYO), and they checked on us just the right amount.The food was very tasty, although the portions I thought were a little small for the price. We got the Lamb Tikka Masala, Bhindi Masala (okra), and Garlic Nan. They were all served with a bowl of basmati rice. The lamb was pretty tender and the tikka malasa sauce was very tasty with the rice. It had less cream and more acidity to it than I'm used to, but enjoyed this small change. The okra was was also a good addition. I'm a huge fan of okra and I'm glad the substance of the vegetable wasn't lost in the dish. The nan was okay, but honestly too expensive.If you're looking for a solid Indian food, their flavors aren't that bad, just be aware that you might be paying more than what you get. A couple notes: their storefront windows are so cool! They fog up as you walk by, this way diners won't have to look at directly at people passing by when they're trying to enjoy their meal. Also, the music stopped playing several times which made for silence aside for our meal's conversation, which was a little awkward.Pros: attentive service, BYO, tastyCons: price, limited seating
Delicious Indian food with great ambiance. BYOB (wine, actually) from Mon - Thurs. Price is perfect. Service is friendly. Enjoyed a samosa mix of potato and beef, garlic naan, lamb tikka masala, and baby eggplant - all delicious. The eggplant sauce was amazing - a nice green sauce with a bit of spice. The sauce was great with the rice that we had. Will definitely come back and bring a bottle of wine!
Always reliable delivery and solid Indian dishes. Also good if you like a "mild" version of some Indian dishes. They are in fact mild! (Not just a slightly less spicy version of an extra spicy dish.)
I think this was my second time having Indian food. This was by far the best tasting sperience of my life. By far one of the best restaurants that me and my wife ever been in. Not only that Sunny, and I'm sorry that I didn't asked for the other gentleman's name. They made us feel like we where at their home instead of a restaurant. You guys are great. Will definitely be going back again soon. Oh and did I mention that the food was delicious.
Just had dinner with my girlfriend here and it was such a nice experience. The table right near the door is great for people watching. The food was great. I recommend the goat curry. The owner is very friendly and made sure we had a great time. Thanks!
I went for the first time with a friend.  The restaurant is charming, complete with red fabric on the walls and appropriate Indian décor.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive.  We ordered naan, Tandoori chicken, saag paneer and vegetable curry.  All dishes were quite good and served with plenty of rice.  They even brought us a complimentary after dinner drink.  Good local Indian restaurant in the UES.  I will return on my next trip.
Ordered delivery.  It came within an hour, which was what they stated.Their special was pretty standard - one appetizer and one entree, with naan and rice.  They had a good selection of appetizers.  I ordered the samosas - these were pretty tasty with good flavors - the chickpeas included were also nice.I ordered chicken tikka masala as my entree, as a benchmark.  The chicken was a little dry, and the sauce was a bit thin, but overall it tasted good.The rice had a nice subtle cardamom flavor, and overall was pretty good for delivery rice - fluffy and not dry.The naan and included sauces were pretty standard, nothing special.The price was $17 or so with tip - in line with other Indian places.Overall solid Indian restaurant on the UES - nothing really good or really bad.
Om IS NOT BYOB for those of you are into wine. The reviews they feature on their website say it it is, but when we got there we were told we could not bring our own wine. We asked for a dry rose, the best they could offer was a semi-sweet riesling.
This review is for dining in at Om. The environment at Om is cute - very small, cramped, hole-in-the-wall feel, but Om seems a lot more geared towards take-out food than dining in.We went expecting fast service since they weren't very crowded and we had a deadline, but Om disappointed on this aspect. The service was slow - didn't check up on us very often and took a while to service our requests (such as bringing the requests). The food took a while to appear. It was frustrating since we saw them service a ton of take-out orders while we waited.To add to this, we were seated near the door, which offers no protection from the cold as people go in and out. Since Om was getting many take-out orders that night, people were going in and out frequently, sending blasts of cold air at us while we waited for our food and wished for the experience to end. Not very pleasant.As for the actual food, it wasn't anything special, but it wasn't bad either. Decently tasting Indian food at a good price. The naan was crispy in parts though, while I'd expect it to be soft and warm everywhere.I will not be returning to dine-in at Om and do not recommend doing so. However, their take-out/delivery service seems to be booming, so that is an option I'll consider in the future.
My husband and I recently had dinner at Om Indian Restaurant and we were both very pleased with not only our meals, but with the owner/host as well.My husband and I like to try different restaurants, especially in the Upper East Side and we just happened to be in the mood for Indian food and decided to check out Om. While the restaurant maybe on the small side, our host, Sunny made sure we were taken care of.Not only did Sunny greet and seat us, but he also took our order as well. Sunny was a gracious host and took his time to see that everyone in the restaurant, including my husband and I, were ok with our meals and if we needed anything else.The food at OM was delicious! My husband is a huge samosa lover and after eating at numerous Indian restaurants, he thought the samosas at OM were by far the best he's ever tasted.After an enjoyable meal, Sunny offered us complimentary rice pudding for dessert and that too was delish!!!If you're ever in the Upper East Side and in the mood for Indian food, stop by OM and ask for Sunny!!!
OM is a real gem... a lovely, small restaurant with simple but elegant decor. The staff is polite, friendly and very attentive. The food is excellent and reasonably priced. You can take your time and chat over dinner... there is no rush. You can BYOB wine... which is fun! Delish dishes and time to savor it all! The only down side... we'd like to keep it a secret... but that is so unfair! OM....
We came here for lunch one afternoon, and were pleasantly surprised by this hole in the wall. I ordered their garlic nan, rice, and chicken tikka masala. I was full and satisfied. I wish the chicken was a little bit better seasoned, but it was a good meal overall.It was a chilly day, and we had a door by the window so all the in and out of take out customers made it freezing! Other than that, the food was good and the service was friendly. I'd come back for lunch or take out.
Love coming here. Great food and service. My favorite Indian restaurant on the UES.The samosas are delicious and the lamb is to die for.
This is the first time I have felt compelled to write a review--positive or negative--for a restaurant on Yelp. I'm also sad to be doing this since I really liked Om up until this week. I recommended it to friends and family and ordered it (for delivery) frequently. On Wednesday, I decided to use delivery.com to place my order early, i.e. at 1pm I placed the order and set it for a 5:45pm delivery. However, Om delivered within 30 minutes. When I informed the delivery guy that it was early, he looked at my order sheet and agreed that it was in fact early and that they messed up, but still tried to hand me the food and didn't say anything about taking it back. I reluctantly took it but immediately called delivery.com to ask them what I should do. They put me on hold and called Om, and Om informed them that someone would be returning for my food and that I would get the food re-delivered at 5:45pm. This sounded fine to me and was a simple fix to a simple mistake.However, no one ever came for the original food and, at 6:15pm, it was clear I was not getting the food delivered again. I called Om directly and the manager proceeded to tell me that I wasn't getting another delivery because I took the food earlier in the day. I conceded that I did take the food earlier but I then asked why they told delivery.com what they did when they clearly had no intention of either coming back to retrieve the food or delivering at 5:45pm like I requested. He rudely told me he could send food out again but I would be double-charged. At this point I got mad and began arguing with him. He kept trying to talk over me and was extremely rude. He eventually told me he would send someone out for a new delivery. I immediately called delivery.com to tell them that one of their merchants had essentially lied to them. They called Om themselves and informed me that the merchant was "very apologetic" and that it was just a "basic misunderstanding," which certainly didn't feel like the case when I was on the phone with them.This should have been the end of an already annoying and drawn out ordeal--I was prepared to just forget the whole incident. But then, upon delivery of the second order, the delivery guy was rude even though I tried to apologize for him having to come back out to my apartment (even though it was their mistake...). I thought I was being paranoid by worrying that they might do something to my food, but it was warranted, because a SMALL BLACK HAIR (from a questionable part of the body) had clearly been placed on top of my naan. I'm extremely disappointed--this was a simple mistake that was easily fixable--but Om's actions turned it into something much worse. Om was one of my favorite restaurants in the UES but now I have no plans to return.
For the price of one entree in most other Indian restaurants in UES ($14.95 to be exact) you get an appetizer, a main dish, naan bread and raita & mango chutney. And they don't skimp on the portion either--The Om Special gets you enough for 2 meals. I don't think I'm exaggerating to call this the best Indian deal you can get in UES.
I have been going to Om for about 4 years now. I like Om for both dining in and take out. The restaurant has a good ambiance, the service is spot-on and the kitchen puts out excellent quality. An added bonus is that on Monday's through Thursday this place is BYOB for wine.
Mediocre for your regular greasy indian food. Those who claimed this is the best Indian food they've ever had really need to try better Indian restaurants... ?At least they actually make it spicy, and it was ready on time for pick up when I ordered way in advance.I think the a la carte curries to be more worth it. Bigger portions plus rice. The special gets you an individual portion of curry, rice, naan, and appetizer. Good if you want a little more of "everything." $5 (incl tax i suppose) for a mango lassi is ridiculous though!! The staff is okay... they're not friendly, nor are they rude. I can see what the other reviewers meant by them being a little awkward but I had no problems with the staff.
Poor customer service and terrible food! Their food tastes nothing like authentic food. Disrespectful staff! I would not recommend this place at all.
Hands down, the best Indian restaurant in town. I'm constantly ordering Indian food, and this is leaps and bounds better than the rest. Great service, fresh ingredients, caters to your spice level. You can't go wrong with in dining or delivery/takeout.
Chicken tikka with  garlic nan is really awesome especially they are serving fabulous ! Really great
I love this place!I was never a fan of Indian food, till I came across this restaurant with my husband on a whim this summer. We live nearly around the corner from this restaurant, never knowing of its existence. My husband and I are there almost weekly with our son or entertaining/introducing friends to this wonderful restaurant. I adore the staff and one individual in particular who seems to be manager or owner.  He is always chatting up my 11 month old son, holding on to toys my son leaves behind etc. I've never witnessed an OFF day at this place, service is always welcoming, quick and efficient.The food even better, chicken vindaloo with poori being my absolute favorite washed down with a large Taj Mahal! My husband favors the butter chicken or lamb bhuna.Please give this restaurant a try.
I love this place. It's two blocks from where I work and I go there everyday (or just about) for lunch. From 12-14:45 they have 50% off all food. ALL AND I MEAN ALL the food is made fresh to order. My usual order is a Sikh Kabob and goat curry, goat being my favorite meat.   They both take about 15 minutes to come out as the Sikh Kabab is ground and grilled fresh and the goat is made to perfection in what is he best curry I have had anywhere. It is not too spicy, not to flat, and is full of flavor a from cardamon, to bay leaf, to nutmeg. All these spices and more come together to make an amazing curry. The staff/chef/ everything Vikrit and Sunny are always ready with a larger than life tale of their times in Deli, or are willing to chat about the Yankees. This place is a must
one of the best Indian places I have ever been, from the service to the food to the goat curry. even though my last visit they didn't have the goat curry, the first time I came I had it, it was amazing! the lamb is extremely tender too!
This is my go-to place to order delivery for Indian in the UES. Each time, the delivery took only about 30 minutes, and the food arrived piping hot. The price is reasonable as well.Portions are huge, and the chicken in the Chicken Tikka Masala is tender and not dry. Last time, the curry was a bit watery, but all the other times, it was great. Naan is fluffy and flavorful. We tried their biryani, which was ok.I love the samosas; you get 3 in an order. They given you a chickpea accompaniment with it, which is delicious as well.
Called ahead to make a reservation here because someone in our group has a disability that makes it hard for him to stand. The person who answered the phone took our phone number and full name and said no problem, they would have a table for us. When we showed up, they told us we would have to wait outside in the cold until a table was free. When we tried to explain that we had called ahead and made a reservation, the waiter/host rudely ignored us and basically said our reservation was worthless.Bottom line--okay food, terrible service, very cramped.
Tasty food!I usually donot go to Indian restaurants outside India because the food doesn't taste like it does in India. Om in Manhattan, NYC was an exception! I Ordered  Hydrabadi Chicken Biryani and as an Indian and a die hard foodie...I can tells that  it was like the tastiest biryani I have ever had.no oil oozing, no artificial color and so flavorful!!! I requested them to make it  extra spicy, it came with finely sliced green chillies, it tastes really good!It felt like I was enjoying the food in India. Food ordered, came to the table quickly, too.If and when I visit NYC again, I will  surely visit this place again.
Worst Indian restaurant in this area. Kept me waiting for over two hours for delivery. Horrendously rude on the phone. Do yourself a favor and never order from here.
Absolutely love this place! If you're craving Indian and are nearby, definitely give this place a try. When I used to go to Hunter College, I would come by for lunch all the time. My favorite from here is the Chicken Tikka Masala with garlic naan, basmati rice, and a mango lassi to wash it down. Sounds expensive eh? Only paid $16 (before tip) because of the lunch special! The curry is very flavorful and with the right amount of spice. The chicken can be iffy; sometimes tender, other times it was just slightly overcooked. But I think I'd rather have that than undercooked. Anyway, the naan is also really yummy and the lassi creamy and delicious.Overall a great little affordable Indian spot in the UES. Definitely try it if you're in the area.
Best Indian, for sure. Eating in: WEIRD. The waiter will question what you order and repeat it to himself several times, take forever to bring the check, but doesn't bring the check and says the total instead. Tip: to always order delivery.They never mess up the order, food's hot and not too long to arrive.
Let's get this out of the way: FANTASTIC food, spiced to perfection, cooked with skill, and a decent value for money.However, and this is a really big peeve, when each entree/combo that you order is entitled to come with one each of mint chutney, tamarind sauce, raita, and mango chutney, yet only one set of the aforementioned is packed for your multiple entree/combo delivery order, you are shorting your customers. How hard is it to ensure that each entree or combo comes with proper amount of corresponding condiments? This is New York Indian food after all - the condiments are half of the fun. The point is, if I placed two separate orders, I would get the full set of condiments with each, so MAKE SURE that you get this right when a customer is ordering more than one entree/combo! It's super easy and won't break your bank, I promise.Notwithstanding that pretty major shortcoming, this place would be close to five stars.
Also known at "Om Real Indian Restaurant" on Facebook.... I have eaten here about 9 times in the past two years, and every time I enjoy the food, am impressed with the friendliness of the staff and the cleanliness of the restaurant.  Last night, I finally tried a few items on the menu that I had been meaning to try. Got to say I loved the Lamb Rogenjosh.  But I missed having my chicken Korma!  I keep meaning to go here more often. They have a zero corkage, byo wine policy Mondays through Thursdays. What more can a wine lover ask for? This is small restaurant, long and narrow. So I think reservations are a good idea.
I gotta say I'm surprised and impressed by this place. I was weary of the high reviews given that this is on the UES where there isn't as much Indian food to choose from. I thought some of the hype could have been due to the lack of other options. Not the case! This place is legitimately great.Saturday evening around 8 pm, table of 2. No wait, but most of the tables were taken. Throughout the evening, it stayed pretty full. The decor is minimal, but nice. It's a calm, white-table cloth environment. We asked our waiter several questions and his opinions on various dishes, all of which he answered patiently.Chicken Vindaloo - perfect spice level (not the spiciest I've had, but no need for extra spice without reason). I asked for light oil and they accommodated that. It really was not very oily, which was great. Great flavor, good portion, all white meat. Two pieces of potato in the dish as well.Chicken Do Pyaza - this dish isn't spicy at all, not sweet at all, very mild, and not overly flavorful in any direction. Nice, calm dish. Uses green chilies instead of red like the vindaloo. Ample amounts of onions and green peppers in this dish as well.Entrees are served with basmati rice, which isn't too oily at all. Chicken dishes are all white meet other than the tandoori chicken.Garlic Naan - we asked whether he recommended the garlic naan or the onion naan and he told us to go with the garlic. We did. It was great, soft, fresh, and warm. Prominent garlic flavor, but it wasn't fully incorporated into the naan. It seemed almost like an afterthought added on, which could be improved.Mango Lassi - great compliment to the food.Would absolutely stop by again if I were in the area.
i couldn't have been more underwhelmed.  We came here specifically for the malai kofta, which is purported to be amazing.  I'd say that it was average, since it lacked the flavors I'm used to.  The naan (garlic and plain) were good, but again, I've had better even in Wichita, KS.  Then there's the tandoori paneer.  I prefer mine grilled, and this was overall quite mushy.  Mango lassi was ok....Service was just as bad.  I think that the waiter was disappointed that we didn't order more.
Very friendly service during Sunday lunch. No rush but food came out super fast. Good goat vindaloo, palak paneer & tikka masala. Very pleasant and enjoyable.
Went here for dinner on a Friday night at around 6 and there was no wait but it filled up as we ate.  We got the Samosas as an appetizer, she got the Chicken Tikka Masala extra-spicy and I got the Chicken Biryani Hyderabadi.  They gave us rice and naan and didn't charge us for either but not sure if that was a mistake or not.The Samosas were pretty standard.  Deep fried pastries with potato and peas and some other spices and veggies in there so it's hard to go wrong with that.  I wish there were a meat Samosa option but there is potato / veggie only.Dipping the fresh naan in the Tikka Masala sauce is pretty heavenly but it's so rich that I actually feel my heart working harder with every bite.  Also, since Christine K is Korean, it's a given that she has to order her food as spicy as the Supreme Leader, Kim Jong Il can fathom, from the depths of his captured dragon's lungs.  She also has to pretend that it's "not that hot" if anyone dares to mention that it's a freakin liquid ulcer waiting to happen.The Chicken Biryani Hyderabadi is similar to dishes that I've previously only gotten at cheaper, no-frills Indian/Pakistani/Bangladeshi joints like Haandi on 28th and Lexington.  It's basically a hodge-podge of chicken, yellowish, brownish, curryish sauce, nuts, raisins, veggies and spices mixed in *with* the rice.  This is different than many of the dishes on the menu that come with rice on the side.  Anyway, I thought it was delicious and it had a spicy bite to it that was perfect.  I'd get this again.The only down-side was that we were seated by the door and with the take-outs, deliveries, and other patrons coming in and out, we kept getting hit with wafts of cold air.  Also, there was some gastric distress post-meal but I pretty much write that off since it happens every time I eat Indian food.
Somewhat pricey, but it's absolutely delicious and fresh, with prompt delivery and pleasant service. You definitely get what you pay for. Probably my new favorite Indian restaurant.
Reupping my review for 2016. The food is amazing, the staff are very nice, the vibe low-key. I keep discovering new things despite coming here for nearly 7 years (highly recommend the Goba (sweet and sour cauliflower)). Love this place.
For old time sake I gave chance this place again but it never change food has gone horrible food arrived 2 hours late plus no taste in chicken tikka masala sauce is just like  water just open canned of tamato . Egg plant is so sour and bitter . Taste less and if u call them lady over their yell at u and no sorry and no thank very bad services there is more far better place in this neighborhood. Never Going to order from here
Im going to start by saying that the food at OM restaurant was very good.  Starting with the Lamb Vindaloo to the Chicken Tikki Marsala.  The Garlic Nan was great and the Onion Nan was good as well.Why the two stars?  BECAUSE THE STAFF SUCKS!  They were very unpleasant and gave us an attitude the entire time we were there.  When our server brought out the food he picked up our dish with one finger dug right into our Tikki Marsala.  To top it off he picked up our rice immediately after and stuck his finger in it also!  He even left a Tikki Marsala stain on it!  Gross!!!  I dont care how good your food is.  Your service was terrible and your staff doesnt know the meaning of being sanitary!!!  Never going back there again!
Good food...I've ordered once before and had no issues.  I am now sitting at 2 hours and 15 minutes into waiting for my order.  I've called three times and have been hung up on twice.  At one point they put me on hold for 10 minutes.I don't care how good the food is...nothing is worth this.  Tread lightly.
They used to have quality food but the last two times I have ordered has been disaster. The paneer appetizer had no taste and the Rogan josh was a few pieces of lamb doused in canned tomatoes. Needless to say- I will be staying away.
My husband & I had dinner in this neighborhood place after having walked by it many times. We were delighted with the quality & quantity of food. We will definitely be back.
Staff was very friendly and solicitous, the food fresh and seasoned just right. The ambience is lovely and the prices reasonable.
This review is for delivery order.They have this combo option (for $15) which includes the following:Appetizer (samosa - very good, comes in 2 big pieces with some chickpeas)Entree (lamb vindaloo medium spicy level, which turns out too spicy for me, so maybe choose mild next time. The meat is very tender, just a tad too spicy for me)Naan Basmati riceFew thing of side sauces (no clue what they are but i liked the yogurt one)I'll definitely order or swing by again.
I simply can't rave enough about this gem on the UES!!! A close acquaintance recommended it for lunch, and it has been my ONLY go-to place for lunch for the past year during work! I have tried so many places nearby, and while they're tasty in their own way, this is where I go to for incredible food, stellar service, and the most comfortable atmosphere. Vipin, the restaurant's manager goes out of his way to please his customers' palates and needs. The menu has stayed the same, but each time, the dishes I try are prepared with a twist. Vipin is very mindful and so, so generous with his time and ideas. I'd often say, "I have a craving for (fill in the blank)..." and he'd come out with brilliant suggestions and will ask his cooks to put a twist on the dish I'd have many times. I am so grateful for this amazing place. They offer a great lunch special: 50% off food, and I have brought many friends and clients to the restaurant, and they've all left very satisfied. I highly recommend it. You will NOT be disappointed. Just remember, if you ever want to be taken care of in a restaurant setting, come to OM.
Good Indian food. I like to Come By for lunch and get the sag paneer. They have beer but don't serve any other alcoholic beverages but they do allow you to BYOB. I have no complaints about this place. The management is always very friendly as well.
Alright, ordered a couple more times and the food has gotten better. Although I've avoided ordering Malai Kofta from here as it's not very good. Mainly get the dals / chana masala's. Roti's are always fresh, which I took for granted (but not anymore after my recent experience with Baluchi's).
I'm so glad that someone in New York understands what makes a good curry. I'm from the UK so we know a good 'ruby' (Ruby Murray = Curry), and this is the best one we've been to in NYC. Appetizers are good, relatively small in size but have always been tasty, and they don't fill you up for the main course.The Chicken Saag (spinach) dish is really tasty, and comes with a good kick if you ask for it hot. Rice is always fluffy and perfectly cooked and the naan breads are soft and fresh. Coupled with a cold beer you're not going to find a better curry in the city. We've tried.
Loved the Sweet & Sour Cauliflower, Butter Chicken and Korma!  Skip the Sweet Naan as it was way too sweet. I have been a few times and its consistantly very good.
I used to love this restaurant two years ago and was a regular here when I lived on the UES. Since then, this place has really gone downhill. I came here for lunch on Sunday. The room smelled of windex, the food was mediocre, and there was only one man serving as both host and waiter (maybe even chef because he kept on disappearing into the kitchen for long periods of time). Maybe there was a management change, or I came too early (arrived at noon), but the place was totally empty and lacked life or ambience. When the waiter finally came to give me my bill 15 minutes after I finished my meal because I couldn't find him to tell him I'm done, he told me that there is a $15 dollar credit card minimum. RIP one of my favorite places in NYC. Not going back again. Maybe will give it another shot for dinner when I recover from this experience, for old times' sake.
If I could I would give this place a 3.5. I usually get the Om Special, for 15$ you get a decent sized appetizer and entree along with bread and rice. I really like their samosas. Their Chicken tikka masala, Saag Paneer and Panner Burji are my favorites. The food is not outstanding, its standard Indian fare. The special is only for take out.I have just dined in once and the service was good. Overall I would say its a good neighborhood restaurant with decent food and friendly service.
Just ok.This coming from someone who grew up on Desi food. The food was rather bland and my two dishes (chickpea curry and rogan josh) had the same curry.  I had requested spicy and it was just a mad dash of chili powder rather than any developed spicy flavour.I can make 100 times better food in my own kitchen.  Alas the quest for decent Indian in UES still continues. (Mumtaz thus far is the best I've found).
Great food! We ordered chicken tikka masala and tandoor chicken with warm fresh-baked naan for entree + they gave as 1 riceCup of spicy teaAnd 1 desert (it was honey balls)Total: $35Good price for this food and place
Ew.I ordered the Om Special for delivery. The lentil soup did not taste like lentils, just oil, grease and garlic. The spicy lamb curry was not spicy, had a layer of grease on top and had dry, flavorless lamb. The naan was good except that it didn't taste like garlic, and I paid $1 extra to have garlic naan instead of regular naan.I requested a side of hot sauce. I was perplexed when I opened the bag of sides and didn't see it. I called the restaurant.Me: I ordered a side of hot sauce. I know the white one is yogurt and the mango one is mango chutney, but what are the green and brown ones?Rest: The brown is tamarind sauce. The green is {whatever he called it}. We gave you that b/c it's spicy but we don't have hot sauce b/c our meat is marinated and spiced before we cook it.And then I tasted the lamb...the dry, flavorless lamb that I requested to be made spicy.My co-worker ordered the chicken tikka appetizer. The flavor was okay. The meat was dry.
Been ordering from this place for years now and absolutely love it. Always satisfies my Indian food craving. They offer a dinner/lunch set that is a great deal and gives you more than enough food. I've tried a few Indian places in NYC and this is still my favorite due to the price, delivery, and food specials.
Yum - satisfying and delicious Indian food for cheap!Diana S. and I came by on a Monday night, with ressies at 8pm for our HLP catch up dinner date/cupcake devouring feast. Upon entering Om, you'll notice that 1) It's pretty small/narrow and 2) It is WARM! Seriously, we were burning up inside there. Anyhow...It's still BYOB, so we popped open our bottle of white wine and placed orders for plain naan, chicken tikki, & aloo gobi. When the dishes arrived, it seemed like it wouldn't fit on our small table. However, they serve all the dishes in bowls so they fit PERFECTLY between our square dishes. At first glance the portion sizing seemed small, but we couldn't even finish everything. Our dishes also came with free balsamic rice - win!The food was all quite flavorful, despite not being spicy as we (but really me) requested. The servers weren't overly pushy/annoying and we stayed for a while chit chatting about life :) I hadn't had Indian food for a while and Om definitely satisfied my craving.
Go here asap!  Delicious food, great service and very reasonable.  BYOB during the week too!  I can't wait to go back here or order delivery
We came in here for a very late lunch. The service was a little slow, but very attentive and the food was delicious. We shared the seek kebab as an appetizer, which was very flavorful as were the accompanying sauces and also the garlic naan, which was very good. Our mains were chicken tandoori, which came out on a sizzling skillet and were very tender and juicy and chicken korma, which was amazing. The sauce was seasoned and spiced perfectly, full of flavor and tasted very authentic. We will definitely be back!
The prices weren't bad. The food is very good. I was pleased. It had a very nice kick which I love. I had the chicken tikka and the butter chicken (makhni). Both were great. What I love is you can always share with your other guests or take some home for later. The naan was good. Moderately priced though I've been to other places with cheaper bread but the little extra money is worth it for me, Nice little ambience, but they should keep the door closed. There was fly inside and we were near the door but it happens I suppose.All in all a good experience.
Om is my go-to for Indian food on the Upper East Side. I haven't dined in yet, but thats only because they have an amazing OM special on seamless - an appetizer, entree, rice and naan for $14.99! I've tried a number of dishes on their menu, but my standard order is still my favorite - Lamb biryani, anything Saag (channa, paneer or chicken) and their Kachori chaat/Papri chaat appetizer. I've had the restaurant call me on numerous occasions to confirm my peculiar orders (for instance, veg biryani without vegetables) and i always appreciate the extra effort. My only complaint is that the spice level of the food is sometimes a hit or miss (i usually order my food spicy) but they make up for it in flavor either way. The food usually isnt greasy, and is always flavorful. Overall I would recommend OM for a nice indian meal. Definitely one of the better Indian restaurants on the UES!
Came here for lunch. I had the Kachori Chaat and the Chicken Tikka Masala. The chaat was very authentic tasting and savory, while the chicken tikka had a classic Indian restaurant flavor. Both items were solid, but could use more kick (I suspect they are toned down for American tastes). I'd definitely come back here if I wanted Indian food on the UES.
If I had been writing this review 2 months ago, I would have given this place 4 stars.  I had consistently ordered from OM for Indian over the summer whenever I needed my fix for lamb rogan josh or chicken tikka masala. However, based on my most recent experience I won't be ordering from OM again. I placed an order last week that took an hour and a half to arrive. 9:15 - I placed the order. 9:34 - got the confirmation from seamless. 10:09 - I received a text saying my order is out for delivery. 10:15 - I call and make sure my order is still on it's way, then I was told my order would be arriving any minute.....my order didn't show up until 10:45. Just for some background, I live at 77th and 2nd, and OM is on 2nd between 82nd and 83rd. So I don't know what that delivery guy was doing that caused him take 35 minutes to walk 5-6 short blocks (0.3 miles from our apartment according to Google maps), but as you'll soon see apparently it was OUR fault.When my food arrived it was cold. Not hot, not warm, but cold.  So, of course, my girlfriend and I called OM to complain about the order so we could at least get a refund or new food sent to us. They were incredibly rude and told us something along the lines of "that's what you get for ordering in winter." You know...because apparently nobody orders delivery in winter in New York. They also said that they don't use insulated bags to carry their food when they deliver. Something to keep in mind for those of you who are delivery-minded. Furthermore, we still tried to explain to them that even so, the order took an hour and a half to arrive from the time of my order, and there was no reason the food would take 35 minutes to get to our apartment from the time it left for delivery. We weren't even given the chance to get out the information I just described in the last sentence because the guy handling our call kept cutting us off and hung up on us within 2-3 minutes. All in all the food at OM isn't bad, but if you want to try your luck with delivery, be prepared to deal with awful customer service...and possibly cold food. But then again, that's what you get for ordering in winter....right?
Myself and three friends came here last night for dinner. It was absolutely delicious! Some of the best authentic Indian food I have had in NY.  Our waiter Sunny was great and extremely attentive. The atmosphere was perfect. Can't forget to mention it is BYOB (with no corkage fee!!) I am definitely making this my go-to Indian restaurant!
Amazing food!! The panir tikka masala is to die for . Super friendly owner :) will definitely visit again
Worst service. Be careful while ordering food, they will just start shouting and screaming at you for no good reason. Manners are not their thing. When I called again to ask for manager's number, they started yelling again. By far, they have the worst and shameful service. Please do not order food from this place. They are not at par with F&B. I am thinking of going to consumer court, it was that bad.
This restaurant is one of the best Indian restaurants in the UES, every dish I tried was delicious! No other Indian restaurant makes my favorite dish, chicken tikka masala  as well as OM does. Unfortunately, the last time I came here (about a month ago) my bf and I had a very poor customer experience. Our food delivery was slow, the manager charged us for their mistake (when they brought out garlic naan instead of regular) and they double charged my bfs credit card!!!! Won't be going back!
I've had my eye on this restaurant for awhile and so glad I finally checked it out tonight. Food was delicious, ambiance comfortable, and the service excellent. We were lucky enough to be served by Sunny, the owner, who was warm and welcoming with a great sense of humor on the side. We will definitely be back to Om!
Food was very good and they have a discount if you pay cash (not sure if only for lunch)....the service was good and there's plenty selection for the vegetarians and vegans out there....which is a plus.Will try again....OMMMM
MORONS!  1 hour after order placed, they say the food is out for delivery.  2 hours after placing the order, "We are sorry there was some confusion, you food will be there as soon as possible."  So......3 hours later, no food and still hungry after a long day!  You guys suck!
Eaten here twice, restaurant is BYOB Monday-Thursday (hint: there's a liquor store right next door). Prices are very reasonable and everything we have had was delicious. Highly recommend the Tandoori Mixed Vegetable appetizer, it is delicious. The wife loves the chicken vindaloo just the right amount of spicy. Wish that Naan came with the meal, but how else are they going to afford that UES rent? We've eaten here twice, which is about as positive a review as you can give in NYC, right? Nice job Om!
Never order delivery . Consistently, delayed delivery. Our last order took over 2 hours despite calling a couple of times. In addition, on multiple occasions, items were missing.
Best lunch special in neighborhood! Treated very nice, good service and good.I highly recommend!Dinners are delicious as well.
My new favorite Indian place! I don't really know how to order Indian food, but I went with the stuff that I've had the most: Goat Curry, Chicken Tikka Masala (awesomeness), and Paneer Saag (spinach + cottage cheese).I love curry. It makes me eat 3 bowls of rice and keeps my stomach happy. I make it all the time at home and I've never been able to make it with a strong authentic taste like the one I had here.  The goat was tender and not game-y, and the curry itself was a perfect consistency and smelled heavenly.Chicken Tikka Masala is the typical Indian dish to order. It's like the spaghetti and meatballs of Indian food.  The tomato base sauce mixes extremely well with bread and rice, and the chicken adds a wonderful texture.  The chicken here was clearly chicken breast, but the way it was slow cooked made it very tender, juicy, and flavorful.Paneer is the best vegetarian alternative. If I couldn't eat meat and didn't kill myself abruptly afterwards, I'd eat paneer all the time.  Saag is just a spinach mixture of sorts with a very creamy consistency and strong spinach flavor. I always feel stronger after having saag....This place doesn't have a liquor license, but you're welcome to bring you're own beer. They will even provide you with a chilled glass. We just went to the deli next door and got some tall boys to tip off the meal.  For the amount of food we ordered, we had a very filling and affordable dining experience. I will come back with more hungry people :).
I was seriously torn between giving OM one or two stars.  I supposed that since the food was not entirely appalling, I would lean towards two.  I happened to be on the Upper East Side, which was a rare occurrence, and in need of a lunch spot.  I saw that this restaurant offered 50% off their entire menu during lunchtime hours.  Coupling that with the positive reviews on Yelp, I thought this would be a successful meal.  I was able to book a 2:45 pm reservation through OpenTable, which was the last lunch seating available.  Upon our arrival, the server rushed to meet us at the door and declared that they were on the verge of closing until dinner service.  I mentioned that I had booked a 2:45 reservation and that it was only around 2:40 at that moment.  He told me that made little sense since they stopped serving at 2:45.  Please, what restaurant uses an awkward time like that to halt the kitchen.  I am sure we had until 3 pm.  Anyway, he agreed to let us dine, but insisted that we order within 2-3 minutes.  The moment we sat, we noticed spots on our glassware and sauce splatters all over the wall.  We considered making a run from the dirty and empty dining room, but decided to stick it out.  I was surprised that the table was not adorned with any sauces to add to our food, especially when it was so BLAND!  The Tandori Chicken was moist and tender, but lacking flavor and salt.  The Lamb Roganjosh, which is traditionally on the spicy and aromatic side, possessed tough meat and a lackluster sauce.  The OM Naan was doughier than most and stuffed with almonds, dried fruit, and coconut.  While not the best sweet version of this bread that I have ever had, it was pretty tasty.  Also worthy of note would be that the restaurant did not include rice with their dishes.  That infuriated me, because it is such an affordable item for them to throw in.With so many other Indian options in the Midtown and Upper East sections of the city, I would not venture back to OM.  The terrible service is an even larger factor in this comment than the mediocre food.
Our group of 4 was starving and wandered into this restaurant using Yelp reviews as our guide. While we had to wait outside for about 20 mins, the manager came out multiple times apologizing for the table that wouldn't leave and offered us water. Nice customer service- fortunately we were very patient and happy to wait. Once seated, the servers were excellent, attentive and never let our water glasses run dry. We ordered samosas, 4 entrees and garlic naan. Everything was delicious and we couldn't even finish it all. Seriously, stuffed to the brim with delicious Indian food, we kept going back to the sauces that were some of the most well-rounded I've had in the city. For the quality and price, Om is a home-run. Even with the long haul from my home in the EV, I will be back!
I was enjoying the chicken tikka masala, rice, naan, and samosa....until I took another bite of my samosa and ended up with a dime size piece of plastic in my mouth. It was so disappointing because the food was pretty decent.
While visiting our friends who recently moved to the UES we decided to explore the local Cuisine. Took a chance with this place, and what a jem!  We each ordered the special with an appetizer and entree, giving each of us a little taste of everything. The food was delicious, hot and just the right portion!  Highly recommended.
Food was excellent but our waiter was very unfriendly and, although it was very cold out, refused to serve us tea. "Only for dinner" he said.The soups and starters(especially roasted vegetables) were delicious as was the goat curry. The chicken vindaloo a little dry.We will definitely return, but hope the server learns some mannersJohn
I have ordered in from this place about 10 times.  The food is consistently excellent.  The phone service and customer service is equally excellent and above standard:  extremely polite, kind, personal and sweet people.  Rare and appreciated.
I really like this place, specially the take out service. Delivery was fast, the food was tasty and not too spicy. It is a great addition to the neighborhood. Give them a try, they will not disappoint you.
I came here after a day trip to the Met with a friend.  We were hungry, and in the mood for Indian food.The service was prompt, the restaurant clean, the nan was yummy.  But my sag panir tasted like chicken soup.  It was weird.  IT was like not Indian-y, it tasted more like creamed spinach that I could make at home.My friend's chicken tika massala looked good though.  Just was disappointed by my dish.
The waiters here are just precious. AND they will serve you a ridiculous Chicken Tikka Masala; my toes curled just thinking about it. The entrees are reasonable at around $13-15 each, and the portions are just enough to take home for another meal. I was surprised that one order of naan was enough for the whole meal, so I was SUPER glad I had ordered two and it was practically a mountain. I don't trust naan-stingy Indian restaurants.OK, so this isn't the most comprehensive review ever, but I found my go-to Chicken Tikka Masala place in NYC after a year and a half of mayj disappointing attempts. Om, you complete me.
Service: Outstanding. Waiter came quickly, food was promptly served, and water refilled regularlyAmbiance: Small place, but nice-looking and clean. Dishes:Samosa (app) -- excellent, but would have liked it spicierChicken tikka masala/rice -- Good, but masala was slightly too sweet and the dish was not nearly spicy enoughAloo gobi matar -- Wow. This is the best aloo gobi I've ever had at a restaurant. The vegetables tasted so fresh -- again could've been spicier, thoughGarlic naan -- The bread was outstanding (much better than the usual frozen pita bread normally served at Indian restaurants)Overall, a great meal on the UES!Note: We tried to make a reservation via Yelp (run through Opentable) and the application said no reservations available. We decided to stop in and sure enough, were seated right away.
Every time I have eaten at Om, the food, service, and ambiance have been amazing! All the waiters are attentive to our needs, the food is always amazing. I love the samosas and the naan is always fresh. Great gem in the upper east side!
The food is very good. Great to finally find good Indian food in NYC!
My first time eating Indian basically and decided to try this place. SO happy I did as the flavors were just amazing! I could eat the sauces on their own with just a spoon and I'd be satisfied (and maybe I did just a little). We ordered chicken tikka masala and the Goan Shrimp Curry and both were so yummy! My only thing was that we ordered Garlic Naan for $4 and it only came with 1 piece! We even ordered a side of the yogurt sauce (not knowing it already comes with it) and there was not nearly enough bread. Everything tasted so freaking good and can't wait to try more. Just know not to waste my $ on the bread & yogurt sauce next time. I'll prob just go get my own Naan from the supermarket (good tip!).
I don't eat Indian very often, but I know a good spot when my taste buds tell me. OM is a great little Indian spot that can go unnoticed fairly easy because of it's stature in the neighborhood.The meal was delicious and the service was just right; not too attentive and not too over attentive. In addition, this spot is BYO which was a huge mistake on my end as I didn't come prepared! There's always next time, though.I would highly recommend this place if you enjoy Indian.
I have no idea why on my original review I withheld the 5th star.  Considering I have eaten Om (and loved every single last bite) every week since last September, yeah...it deserves all 5 stars.  They've posted their BYOB policy prominently on the storefront for dining in (I believe wine only, M-Th). But I mostly stick with take-out.  It's always ready in a timely fashion, and it's always incredible. Zero complaints. I'll probably have Om for dinner tonight.
I regularly order food from this place, have always been satisfied and never had any sort of problem. However, the last time I ordered I found a dead cockroach inside of my order of jasmine rice. This is absolutely disgusting, vile and unsanitary. I refuse to give this business any more attention whatsoever and I don't suggest that any other customer does so.
I thought they were more like 3.5 stars but I'll round to 4 since we were surprised by an unexpected 50% off our bill..I had no idea the lunch was 50% off before I came here but what a lovely surprise =)I got the chicken biryani which was solid and quite tasty. My friend got the chicken tikka masala which although tasty was a little scant in terms of pieces of chicken (only seemed to be 4-5 small pieces floating in there). The interior is classier than I had thought it would be, and it wouldn't be a bad choice for a nice (but not too formal) dinner. Wasn't wow-ed but I would come back for lunch since I'm in the area.
Best Indian I've found in UES. The place itself is small and can get hot in there. The food though is amazing. Tikka masala is the perfect combination of flavors. I see its BYOB too, which I'll definitely be doing my next visit.
Although it's a little pricey and doesn't have much room to seat, the food was amazing. We had just got done at The Met and were craving Indian so we just searched "Indian food" in Google maps and stumbled upon this place. Best decision made that night! I would definitely recommend it to anyone who's a lover of Indian food. I got the chicken curry, my boyfriend and my sister's boyfriend got goat curry, my sister got crab curry and we all split two orders of garlic naan (4 pieces for one order) and rice. I also ordered the Mango Lassi. Everything was seriously delicious!
