Love this spot. The food is great and everyone that works here is so friendly. Definitely try out their specialty naan breads
Best Indian in Bedstuy! Delivery is fast and friendly. Haven't been disappointed yet.
I always ordered the food but this time I decided to go there in person. I loved the experience! It was little early for the dinner but the staff was friendly and my friend complimented the food. Great! I will go there again.
Dear god if you're opening up a restaurant in NYC have the right skills and prioritize on getting a delivery person who has some basic knowledge of the area. And how to read a basic bill regarding who's order belongs to whom. I ordered an order. 45 mins later no show, then  I call & they are at the wrong place and I give the right addy and he takes another 1 hour... comes to my place after 8 calls trying to get this  ridiculous delivery person who was absolutely drunk get the right direction. Guess what? Wrong delivery order. I was starving and then I call again the restaurant and they send the right food 15 mins later. Cold food and I ended up having food poisoning. Literally the worst delivery restaurant ever. If I had no life I would go back to the actual restaurant and ask my money back. But nah. Don't. Please try other Indian restaurant. Please.
I was walking around the neighborhood and saw the huge 'Grand Opening' sign and decided to give it a try. One word--SATISFIED! My friends and I ordered: chicken tikka masala, chicken tandoori, lamb shish kabobs, and the Hyderabadi mix meat biryani. I've had a bit of everything and was satisfied. The tikka masala is always the safe thing to get--so it was expected to be good. But my favorite was the mixed meat biryani. SO GOOD!!!!! It was more on the authentic side and so rich in flavor. Their mango lassi was also good.The staff is super friendly and attentive. The service was pretty fast. Im so sad that I don't live near this place, but if I'm ever in the neighborhood again, I'll definitely be back. Until next time!
Friday May 20th marked a special occasion in our neighborhood; The first and best Indian Restaurant in all of Brooklyn!!! I'm not just saying this because of its convenience (50 yards from my doorstep). Bombay Xpress has a huge selection of vegetarian and non vegetarian items in appetizers and of course the famous curries we all love! They cook to your taste. If you want "vindaloo" spicy, you'll be chugging Raita with Nan to get you through it, or not. The cooks can even turn down the heat to let one experience what Lamb Vindaloo tastes like - without the burn. The daily "LUNCH TASTING" for $7.95 is a great way to try out the restaurant. Your plate is packed with so many great dishes and basmati rice. And what's better their outdoor garden has been renovated just in time for Spring/Summer with ambient lighting; an escape from the traffic and noise of the city. I tried out the dinner menu last night with a friend. We dined inside and had the best Indian food I've yet to taste in New York. The owners are extremely friendly and are of course pro's at this with their other restaurants in Brooklyn that have been around for years. While their beer/wine license is in process, we brought our favorite Malbec which went perfectly well with the Lamb Saag! So bring yourself, a friend, and/or family with a few bottles of wine or beer and experience what AUTHENTIC Indian food tastes like.
Were here on their grand opening 3-4 days ago, and viola, we are here again. The food is soooo good. We were sitting in the backyard -patio area: quiet, nice and fresh air. Their $7 special plate is awesome. Such as their Mali Kofta and Chicken Masala!!! Very important that it's BYOB place! That's exactly what we need in Bushwick area!
This spot is a lifesaver. The food is consistently good and they deliver quickly. I actually ambushed the good natured staff and threw my birthday party at the restaurant - 17 people 4 hours notice taking over the entire restaurant and they were totally accommodating, bringing out bowls of ice to keep the many bottles (it's BYOB!) we brought cold. They even DJed for us (ask for DJ Khaled, yes he works there) and set up the tables in a custom formation. The food was dope and RIDICULOUSLY REASONABLY PRICED and everyone loved it. The staff even ran out to the bodega and got candles to sing me happy birthday. Above and beyond expectations. Bottom line, they're awesome.
Stopped in really late. After midnight. Ordered right there and had my food 10 minutes later. Great little place.
Delicious food. Lovely wait staff. Great music. So glad I discovered such a fun Indian restaurant in the neighbourhood.
Probably the best Indian restaurant around town. I ordered Chicken Samosas which were on point and Kerala fish curry which was exceptionally good. Would highly recommend
Delicious! So glad to have this near us. BYOB and cute little atmosphere. Yummy butter chicken!
This place is very expensive and doesn't give u a lot of food. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and I swear they gave me 5 cubes of chicken and the rest is all sauce. Don't go here. Save ur money.
Delicious food, great service, and very quick delivery. Probably my favorite chicken tiki Marsala in Brooklyn
They opened yesterday and I was so happy to eat from there and I ate yesterday. The foods was really delicious especially Chicken Lolypop and Chicken Tikka MASALA. They also have backyard and u can eat there which is really nice. I highly recommended you guys to eat from there and hope you guys will enjoy.
Delivery was fast but food was expensive and not great. I ordered chicken samosas, the dough was too thick and the filling was dry. Also ordered the lamb curry, it was tasty but it only had a few pieces of meat. I won't order food here again.
My partner and I give this place a well deserved rating of 5+ stars! The delivery is super quick and reliable. Yesterday, we decided to dine in and we truly enjoyed and devoured all our plates. The vegetable curry is amazing with garlic naan and we can not recommened the vegetable spring rolls!! The service was also very intentive and great! The environment/atmosphere and the decor was also just perect! We will deff be back here, thats for sure! We both wish this new business lots of success in the future!
I was looking forward to eating here but was pretty disappointed. I ordered delivery and it was a half hour longer than the maximum quoted time. When I answered the door, the delivery man was complaining that I should have answered the door more quickly. And last but not least they forgot my drink. I will probably look into ordering elsewhere next time I'm in the mood for Indian.
This place is amazing! It just opened on Friday and I have already been here 2 times. I had a entree/app combo and a mango lassi for takeout the first time. They gave me naan bread with the combo with a bunch of chutneys too! The second time, my roommate and I came in for the $7 Grand Opening Plate and it was more than enough food. It was a veggie curry and a chicken tikka masala with rice. This is the best deal ever. I will be back for sure!
Delicious Indian food. The classics are a must, the samosa, pakora and chicken tikka masala are yummy. Also the garlic naan is tasty.
The food was great, and the servers were very polite. The owner personally asked us about our meals. He was really kind, too. My mom ordered the Salmon Tandoori and she said it tasted fresh. I got the lamb curry with rice. The lamb curry was very tender and delicious. My sister had the beef biryani. The biryani had lots of beef chunks and vegetables . It was so yummy as well. We will definitely pay a visit soon.
Quick and friendly service. The front of the house is stunning and transports you. But the food is the real take away! So fresh and rich with authentic spices! I highly recommend coming here
This is my first yelp review.  The food was so good, I had to take the time out to write about Bombay Xpress while I sit here with my belly full and happy. I had the Bombay liver appetizer and the Saag Paneer.  I ordered take out and they gave me four different sauces with the meal.  OMG, the food tastes like homemade.  I will definitely be ordering again.  Bombay Xpress is truly DA BOMB!!  So glad we finally have some Indian food in Bed Stuy.
Great food, great people, and a comfortable little sit down joint to boot. No reason to get Indian from any other place in the area. The samosas and curries are always on point.
Probably the best Indian food I ever had chicken tika masala was really delicious and also gat my order on time .. Thnx for serving me on time u deserve a 5 stay like that .. Best wishes
Food was delicious. Staff was amazing. Very professional. My first time eating indian food n i was very impress...i will definitely go back
The tiki masala tasted like a can of campbells tomato soup and the cauliflower appetizer tasted like airport panda express. I'm giving it two stars because, despite the terrible quality of the food, i ate it all and the delivery was on time.
I became their regular customer now because of their delicious foods. It's so delicious and I wanted to eat their foods. They are really nice and it's always nice to eat from them. Don't forget to eat from there.
perhaps the best word to describe the food and the overall experience was "lazy". first of all it was hot as hell and they didn't care to put the air conditioning on. despite being the only ones in the restaurant it took forever for the food to come out. the food itself was ultra dry and bland, particularly the chicken (ordered the mixed grill). I remember commenting on the way out of the restaurant that it might have been the worst Indian food I've ever had.
Aesthetically, the restaurant isn't too different from other Indian restaurans. However, the food was great! I ate every last morsel on my plate and chugged the rice pudding.
I have been waiting for a while for them to finally open and I was not let down! The food here is spectacular and the staff and environment is very welcoming. I will definitely be coming here more often!
