I was totally surprised once food arrived and soon I taste the food was just  wow .  Excellent food , great service. I  wasn't expecting it to be that good since it doesn't have that much review on yelp. I will definitely come backHad chicken tikka masala and shag paneer and garlic naan ...
Ordered the cauliflower appetizer and chicken Tikka masala. Both were way too sweet. Could hardly taste any Indian flavoring or spice as it just tasted like sugar.
We have ordered from Bombay Spice more than 3 times now and I think this is the best Indian food I have had in this side of Brooklyn. Food is always delicious, fresh and flavorful. Also it is very timely  (within 45 minutes) which makes it our to-go Indian delivery spot. Would definitely try to step there in person some day.
Bombay Spice is absolutely AMAZING! Excellent food for a very reasonable price. Delivery is usually pretty quick too!! My roommate and I order food from here at least once a week. I always get the lamb curry with two sides of naan and samosas. It's delicious!!
Great Indian food in Crown Heights area, beats other restaurants in quality. Chicken tika masala, curry, vindaloo or jalfrezi are very good. Location is clean and they're very polite. Excellent price! Highly recommended.
This is the best Indian in Crown Heights - Perhaps all of Brooklyn. Family owned, incredible service, mind-blowing food. What else can one say? It's amazing Indian food.
Bombay spice nice place food is delicious everything good . Good service bombay spice...
This place is fantastic and cozy and clean. Best new Indian restaurant in Crown Heights. Eat in from 12-4 and get 40% off. Delivery is fast. The food is fresh, nan and poori are fluffy. Try the ka-chori, chicken tikka, chicken korma, bartha - the best in the neighborhood.
I don't know, maybe it was because it was the end of the night when I put in my order for delivery.  I ordered Dinner For Two Combo with Shrimp Tikka Masala and Saag Paneer.  I was disappointed because there were only like 4 pieces of shrimp, and the shrimp was all wrinkled and tough, like it had been sitting under a heat lamp all night or something. Not anywhere near the $13 ish dollar price tag! What the heck!  Then the saag paneer, the spinach I'm pretty sure was from a can.  All in all, not worth the $30 I ended up paying with tip. :/
This place is great! I've lived up the street from them for a year-and-a-half and finally tried it tonight. The butter chicken was rich and delicious, the naan was fluffy, and the server (who I think was probably the manager) was super sweet and accommodating. It's such a little place, you might normally pass it if you walked by, but do yourself a favor and stop in. Prices were super reasonable, too, especially in a neighborhood rife with overpriced hipster spots.
Bombay Spice is simply amazing. The curry dishes are actually curry. None of that oily mess you'd get at other Indian places where half of the dish is inedible from all the oil. The garlic nan (actual garlic rubbed onto the nan) is a wonderful complement to the chicken zalfrezi dish I ordered and of course the mango lassi is to die for. I recently went back and ordered the lamb biryani and it was so delicious paired with a sour yogurt dipping. This place is worth the 5 stars as an up and coming Indian restaurant on 1018 Bergen st,,,,
Some of the best Indian food in the city.  I order from here multiple times a week.  It is always fresh and the portions are big.  This is the best Chicken Tikka Masala that I've had.  It's always a beautiful color, and has a perfectly balanced taste.  Not too much cream, not too much tomato, and the spices are really able to shine through.  I also highly recommend the samosa chaat.  The menu is huge, so you will be able to find whatever you're looking for.  The inside was recently renovated, and they did a great job.  It's an intimate area with great lighting and classy table arrangements.  The people could not be nicer.  5 stars.  Definitely check out Bombay Spice if you're around Crown Heights or Bed-Stuy.
I ordered the chicken tandoori and naan roti. The chicken was seasoned with all the right spices and cooked to perfection. The naan roti was light, warm and fluffy. They threw in a bonus firni (rice pudding) which will satisfy those with a sweet tooth. All of the food arrived in a timely manner. I would recommend this place to anyone whose looking for authentic Indian food.
