I love this place. Definitely a book you can't judge by the cover. The food is excellent and the owner is such a nice guy! Everything is good just order according to your own taste.
This place is the real deal. You know the Indian food is good when the cabbies go there to eat. It's super small, basic, no frills and they could do more to keep the place cleaner. But the food is amazing and cheap and it's 24-hours. Their hot buffet always includes multiple vegetarian and meat options and the food comes with freshly-made nans. We love the chicken kadai and saag paneer and their dal is excellent on some days. The man who runs it also makes excellent masala chai (tea) and they also sell mango lassi which I highly recommend. The crowd there can be a little sketchy at times, and I've been stared at when I've gone there with an attractive girlfriend but nothing serious that made us feel unsafe. And the staff is pretty on top of things and most people that eat there appear to be regulars that know each other and the owner.
I've been coming here on and off for quite a few years now. The food is always delicious, the staff couldn't be friendlier and the hours are great because they are always open! This is definitely a no frills place, you'll see many of the cabbies in here hanging out at any point in time but you come for the food which is what it is all about!
The Desi Deli is a fantastic spot for fresh and flavorful Indian food that won't break the bank. They have a variety of a la carte items, but I decided to try their vegetable kati roll - INCREDIBLE!
I ordered food from here for my girls over the weekend. Delivery guy shows up on time as requested but my food had spilled everywhere due to how hot the food was. When I asked him if he informed his management so we can be on our way to replace the food, he said no. Seriously.. was he expecting me to just take it as is? Anyways, once I made a quick phone call to the restaurant.. Food was promptly delivered about 30 mins after the requested delivery time. The reason for my 5 star is because how the manager/owner took care of us. He was apologetic and found a quick solution which is ideally all I wanted. I get it, things happen but instead of giving me excuses.. he gave me solutions. Also the food was amazing. The curry was nice & thick and spicy! Will def order again.
Wow, open 24/7, reminiscent of Punjabi delis that can be found all over the city. The prices are double. But doubling $5 is $10, which is still pretty cheap. Great saag, great okra, great chicken curry, and great rasmalai. And, of course, Bollywood music videos on TV.
Ordered Aloo Paratha, Papad, Samosa, and a combo of 1 meat + 2 veggies which came w/rice and chutney. They forgot the roti! I chose the Chicken Kadai, Kala Chana, and the Cabbage Muttar. It was semi good, but I can't say it was on my list of favorites. Papad was overdone to the point it tasted a little burnt-ish. If only I hadn't been exposed to awesome Indian food growing up, this review might have been more stars. I'll be giving this place another shot without doing delivery.
This is our go-to Indian place to get Indian food delivered. The staff are really friendly. The gobi and aaloo parathas are really good. The lassi here is nice and creamy. The curries we've tried are the malai kofta, the chicken tikka masala, the paneer makhani and the kadhi pakora. All of these are authentic and tasty, though they do go a little overboard with the spices at times. They also have a really good masala chai that you must try and solid pakoras too.
I've always passed by Desi Deli and always wanted to try it. Finally ordered takeout today using an awesome Eat24 coupon. Got the Non-Vegetarian Thali Platter which comes with 3 choices of meat, rice, and a roti. (Call the restaurant if you want to confirm which dishes are available.) This was one of the best chicken curries I've had in a while. Very generous lunch portion for the price. I'll definitely go back to try more dishes!
I come here for lunch whenever I'm around the area when I'm working.Great lunch deal; You choose three types of curry/meats with rice for $10. Every time I visit they're always something new to offer which I really like about the place.  Deff a spot to check out if you like Indian food and you're around the area for lunch.
We bought the 25 dollars for 20 off Yelp! We got three things n one of the three things was good. They also charged us 9 extra dollars n when I asked them about it.... They said 5 dollars was for the raita and 4 dollars for water bottles that we were carrying when we walked in. I said the raita was nothing like described in the menu and the menu price was $3 to which he said he gave us a bigger size because there was four of us. There weren't different sizes on the menu and it went untouched because it was pretty much warm yogurt mixed up! After arguing with me forever, I was able to get 6 dollars of the 9 dollars back! I definitely would not return to this establishment again! The Chicken tikka masala was not good! The Chana Bathura was the only decent thing we had!
Great food with great prices! I love their lamb kati roll and wife loves their chicken tikka kati roll. They also have a nice selection of desserts. I especially enjoy their ladoos and burfis. The staff is very nice and friendly. The ambiance is basic but the food is stellar.
If you're a Punjabi or you just missing prantha's this is the place for you. Don't go by the looks of the place, go by tasty food that the place serves. Highly recommended!
I love this place, it has become my favorite work from home lunch spot.  If you just want some basic delicious Indian food for lunch than stop in.  Kati roll and and a can of soda is only $5.99, they play bollywood movies and you can snag free wifi from the hotel lobby across the street.  The service is also very friendly.
Great service, and a great spot for late night hunger. The food is largely pre-prepared so it's great for take out or even a quick sit down bite. The naan was very fresh and they have bubble tea!
Have ordered food from here 3 times. Just like most of these places, food is hit and miss. Some days you think it's good, other days it's quite average to outright poor. Chicken Biryani was quite good with healthy portion of chicken. Chicken kebabs are really bad and not worth the price value either. I would say you can try and see if it's your lucky day!
Indian food craving at 10 pm? Order the aloo paratha and the chicken or the Chana bhatura! Guaranteed satisfaction...
Amazing Aloo paratha,with pickle and chutney mix. Delivered around 2/3 am at night.
the food was bad, inspite of letting them know prior to ordering that the food was for kids and to make it less spicy, and them agreeing to make it less spicy, all the food including the raita was spicy, on calling and complaining they said the food was premade and they could not do much about it, why then did they say they could make it mild, its a different story that none of the food had any taste to it besides being spicy.
5 stars for this place because 1) they have the best Kati-like roll in the city (the original Kati roll is still my favorite) 2) the prices are extremely reasonable, and 3) the mango lassi is on point (not too sweet and the perfect consistency. The chicken curry is good (although a bit oily) and the back lentils (daal makani) are really satisfying. Will definitely be tying the biryani next time since they make it fresh daily.
The food we ordered for delivery was awesome.  Okra,lentils basmati rice and the fish appetizers was flavorful.
Went at 1am w/ a buddy and this place hit the spot. I had the vegetarian platters with nan and my buddy had the chicken tikka kati roll and both of us went home happy!Their green chutney is amazing! I will need to recreate that at my house.
Had the chicken tikka saag, samosas and aloo paratha delivered,The food was delicious and not overly greasy or heavy. Will definitely be hitting this place up again in the near future and am eager to try the lamb dishes.
Gotta show some love for this little Indian hole in the wall eatery in Hell's kitchen on 10th Ave. Very nondescript place, several reviews have mentioned this is a spot for south asian taxi drivers to fuel up, grab a drink and go so certainyl not the spot you wanna sit around and graab dinner at.Having said the above, they have some really cheap, delicious eats which are sure to hit the spot! The kathi rolls are $4.99 eahc and are some of the best I've had in this city! I tried the chicken tikka and lamb kebab rolls and both were spicy and flavorful and delightfully surprised me. If you're looking for quick, cheap, Indian goodness, this is definitely worth a try. Don't expect the greatest dining experience and you'll end up loving this spot like I did!
I have tried their food multiple times. It's really yummy and flavorful. I like their food so far.
Was staying at a nearby hotel and decided to have food delivered from here at almost 11pm. Food was delivered fast and hot. The chicken biryani is absolutely delicious. Perfectly spiced with generous amounts of chicken. Highly recommend.
Rich in spice, delicious flavors. Everything we've tried (most of the menu) has been fantastic. Fast delivery with a friendly smile.
The only reason this place gets only 4 stars is because it is a hole in the wall. Otherwise, the food is awesome. For reasonably priced, fresh, Indian food in Manhattan, this place is perfect if you're just looking for takeout or don't care about sitting in a deli. Been there multiple times and I will be back!
Just a yummy li'l spot with very kind employees. And the best samosas in NYC!
Smells like heaven. Tastes like heaven. Maybe it's even what heaven looks like. I haven't had a Kati roll in years and this was a great place to get reacquainted. While I took the food to go, I'm sure eating in will be quite the experience too.
Neighborhood Pakistani spot. Small, no frills, not extremely clean with a side room of tables. Seems the taxi drivers love this place as in front it is always parked full of taxis. Must be open 24 hours. Pricey for this kind of food and had the Spice chat, chicken biryani, and cheese and saag paneer. Definitely not like it is down in murray hill. The spices were overpowering, biryani chicken was dried out and rice overcooked. No frills, not tasty but just overpowers your taste buds and not balanced. The saag paneer seemed oily as well. For the expensive price the food doesn't match.
Been here a few times, and it's pretty good stuff in my opinion, but not exactly a place you want to take someone out to. Friend had a kati roll and I had the 3-side combo over rice. The chicken tikka and the saag was some of the best I've had and my buddy didn't stop talking about the kati roll. I'll be back.
This is a five star fast Indian food fix. Not a restaurant in a traditional sense but a place where simple pleasures of good food are shared in a communal sort of way. There are a bunch of taxi drivers who drop by to eat and chat. Tables are situated in a tiny room with tiny stools next to them. You sit elbow length away from other people. TV is playing Bollywood hits. Almost feel like I am not in New York where such violation of personal space is taboo. Almost feels like I got lost somewhere in Punjab. Yet , there is great charm in this immersion into the communal dining and different culture. Food is good,  authentic. Spices are priper. If you are craving Indian food in the middle of the night, this is the place to go. Love it.
Super delicious, authentic Indian food for a steal.  A favorite among taxi folks, so you know it's good.  They make their own naan fresh.  Chicken tikka masala is delicious, spicy cauliflower, saag paneer.  If you're in Hell's Kitchen and looking for a cheap, hearty, super flavorful lunch or dinner, it's fabulous!
Cab drivers from all over India have been regulars at this Punjabi truck stop, finding the energy to push through the City's pounding traffic for multihour shifts, for 10-12 years. That's why the owner doesn't need gringo money.  I myself get the chicken kati roll on the regular - delicious and better than any Indian food I've been able to find in New York City.
Second review on YELP coz I don't write very often. Being indian myself and from Delhi (Punjabi) , I love my North Indian food. Ive lived in Hells Kitchen for 4 years and Ive tried all Indian restaurants for Delivery. They all suck to be honest and none of them compare to real authentic home cooked/ north indian food. I happened to find Desi Deli on Grubhub (even though I am a seamless user) and this is it. This has to be hands down the best most authentic north indian food Ive had via delivery (in fact way better than many sit down places) in NYC. I cant comment on the physical restaurant itself but the food here is frikkin fantastic, cheap and FLAVORFUL!!!! Took me back to food in India!!Ive ordered 4 times in the last 5 days and every single time the food has been PHENOMENAL !!! Perfect amount of spice, salt, etc. WowI am impressed! I used to order tiffin services from bombay takeout but that was quite bland as well so this is my new favorite indian delivery spot.You wont be disappointed. PS. their masala chai rocks!!
Best Paratha in the NY/NJ region. reminds me of the parathas cooked in a household in northen India. (I've lived in Delhi for multiple years)Having lived for a number of years in various cities/areas around NY and NJ, no parathas come close to this level of taste and home style comfort.Open 24/7.Vegan options available too (ask for paratha without butter/ghee and yet they cook it to perfection) and then there's chana masala, lentils etc.The curries here could improve a bit. The ambience isn't great for a sitdown meal if you're with someone who is really conscious about the ambience. I order in / pick up food from here all the time.great staff. quick service.
Best indian food I've had in a while. Delicious, authentic, just the right flavors and spices, large portions (with yoghurt, breads, condiments et al-no cheating). Trust me-i'm Indian Punjabi- and this is as real as it gets. I know my food, have very high standards and this is like my mom's cooking. Don't waste your time with other useless restaurants -order with these guys. FABULOUS. 5 stars.
Desi Deli is open 24/7 and is right by my favorite clubs and bars so I often go to this place to get some late night drunk food.The food is cheap but hearty and delicious. There are plenty of vegetarian options. I usually get the samosa chaat which $4. The portions are huge so I avoid the platters.The reviewers complaining about the ambiance of this place are out of their minds. This is a low-budget place that caters to taxi drivers on the go. As the name of the place says, this a "DELI" not a restaurant you would bring a date to. There are a few seats set up for your convenience but do not expect to be wined or dined.I am taking a star off because I think the eating area and the bathrooms can be cleaner.
Not sure how the other reviewers were getting the food for $4.00-4.50. I definitely paid $6.50 for the combination platter (rice and 3 selections). Maybe inflation over the past year, or maybe just I didn't order the right things. In any case, I took a bet on Desi recently, deciding to walk into this hole-in-the-wall looking joint. The small tables were appropriately hole-in-the-wall sticky and the lone fly buzzing around trying to attack my food completed my initial assessment. Inside is prepared hot food sitting on warmers. Obviously, the food is served quickly--a couple scoops here and there, and you have your platter.The clientele, as other Yelpers have indicated, are all Punjab. I take that as a sign of Desi Deli's authenticity. And they certainly don't hold back with the spiciness at Desi. My mouth was at a pleasant level of burning hotness by the end of my meal. The chicken was tender and mostly well flavored, if a little salty. The saag tasted a bit artificial to me, but then again, I'm nowhere near a connoisseur when it comes to Indian food. However, I do know what I like, and unfortunately Desi doesn't make my cut. It wasn't bad, but I'm certain that there's better Indian food to be discovered.
Not my favorite Indian place. I've had better elsewhere. Sorry, Desi Deli, but I'm not coming back.
This place is gross. While I was really glad they had so many vegetarian options, aside from the spinach, everything was really bland, especially the samosas, which are usually my favorite. In an effort to add some flavor, I got the spicy cilantro sauce which was an unnaturally bright toxic-sort-of green--not so great. It also drives me crazy that they serve everything on styrofoam, which is obviously bad for the environment, but is also dangerous to eat off of because it releases toxins into food, especially when heated.I went to wash my hands in the bathroom, and before I even got to the restroom, there was a very strong urine smell in the hallway. There was a small metal sink outside the bathroom but there was no soap, which is NOT a good sign in a restaurant. I understand that some people like watching TV when they eat, and perhaps the Indian shows they were playing are well-liked by their regular clientele (which appeared to be mostly Indian taxi drivers dining alone), but it just isn't my cup of tea.Finally, I talked to one of the employees and found that the owner steals his tips, which is apparently common practice in a lot of Indian restaurants. Not only is this unethical, but it is illegal and I refuse to return to any restaurant that steals from its employees' wages.
This review is strictly about ordering "to-go" at Desi Deli.  The decor of the place doesn't lend itself to making people want to dine in.No frills, no wait unless you're behind a dude sending money back to the home country, or he's having documents faxed.  Then it's snooze city.The channa with rice, for five bucks, though ample, would've been better at 3.50 with no rice.  This option isn't listed on the menu board, I had to ask someone "in the know."There are also sweets in the display case which sell for 50 cents a pop.  I wasn't keen on the sesame, or flax, or other nut-type balls as they were a bit dry.  I did, however, really like the milk-based squares topped with whole almonds.  Mmmmm, milk and butter and sugar, oh my!
Many Indian people come by for quick eats!  So, I was always curious to see what kind of menu they have.And finally made a visit last night.This place has variety of Indian food on warmer.They have a small seating area with about 6-8 tableswith Indian TV channel on.The Food:The server told me their combination plate was $7.But I paid $6.50 at the cashier for Non-veg. Platter (rice and 3 selections of curry).  Not sure if the server tried to rip me off or what...Vegetarian Platter is 50 cents cheaper, I think.The portion and taste is pleasant enough for the price.
Yes Sir! Delivered to my hotel room (which most people wont do) , the food was made by a master chef. Pure delight
I ordered a lamb naan-wrap and it was mediocre. I saw him microwave everything, and the lamb was nasty. I won't be going back.
Um, meh, or maybe even yuck I always thought that maybe the best places for Indian food would be in these "little hole in the walls" Well, I guess I am somewhat wrong about this assumption. The two men who served up the Styrofoam plates for my boyfriend and I were very kind to explain the different items. I had the Tiki Masala some potatoe/red beans and I also tried some vegetable in a yogurt type sauce. I am not sure exactly what it was. The Tiki had no flavor and was extremely bland. The red beans and potatoes were just OK and I was only given two potatoes, last but not least was the mystery vegetable which had a weird texture. It might have been tofu but if so it was terrible tofu but it did have a good sauce. We both also had Roti which you really can't mess up. My boyfriend had similar items which he thought were just ok but agreed that mine was pretty bad. The atmosphere was kind of strange. Dingy walls with a old "we don't give a shit" kind of feel. The only plus was the Indian movie they were playing. Overall I think that coming to this place was a big mistake. Will I come back? Uh, no!
The food is genuine Punjabi home-cooked style food. So don't think you're going to be walking into the Taj Mahal. Its simple moderately priced indian food. The owner is a very nice man and has owned the business on that block for many years. Good food, good chai, good meat dishes, and great vegetable dishes. The naan and rotis are quite appetizing. It's perfect for take out/pick up.When I was with a group of 6 friends, I brought them to this place and they were nervous due to the hole in the wall nature. But when they were very satisfied with the indian food (which they had never eaten before).
I'll be straight to the point, only go there If you need an Indian food fix in manhattan after 1 am. The place is 24 hours which is great, the food isn't that great though. I ordered a chicken curry plate to go and they gave me a small plastic container with a few pieces of chicken covered with curry sauce and another small aluminum container with white rice. The chicken was hard but the sauce was tasty. The rice was good, but how easy is it to make basmati rice from a rice cooker. It cost $10.95 for such a small order, no side dish, no naan bread, nothing!! Also they need to paint the place and clean it up a bit. I don't recommend going there if any other Indian restaurant is open!
a friend reccomended this place. i placed order through seamless and delivery time was estimated at 35-45 minutes at time of ordering. after ordering confirmation estimated delivery at 1- 1 1/2 hours! wtf? i called after an hour and was told still another long wait. order had not gone out. i cancelled order. no lunch for me that day. will never order or reccomend in future.
It was a dark and stormy night (ugh hmm.. last night), I had this unending craving for mixed spices and stewed chicken preferably with steamed basmati rice kernels....so what does one do in Hell's Kitchen ( scarce for curry joints) for an instant Indian fix?  Why cross over to the dark side ( 10th and 49th) to the Desi Deli of course!This place is so random, you get a whole big meal for 4-4.50- plus you can get fresh plain Naan for another buck fifty.  I get the chicken curry- it is more like Chicken Tikka in a saucy sauce.  At the counter they have fresh green chile's- I cut up a few and mix them on in for some nice additional flavor.  It is mostly filled only with other Punjabi men- so you know its got to be good!  Eat out though, this place seriously lacks in decor to the point where you probably wouldn't enjoy your meal as much.  Literally one block away is an additional Desi that serves only vegetarian- but here you can get it all.  It is not the most amazing food that I have had, but it sure as hell does the trick when you need that fix!
4 stars are for extra cheap super delish Indian food. Punjabi style. Open 24 hours, you can get your channa fix on anytime, any day. For $4.50 (in NYC!) you can walk out of there with a huge serving of channa and rice, or lentils or palek. Non veg is about 50 c to a buck more. They have naan and roti, and a number of desserts too. One thing you don't want to do is stay and sit- decor is non existent here and the dining room is on the shoddy side. But hey! Who cares when you can eat for a fiver?
