Me and my boyfriend went here recently and we will definetly be coming back. Besides the food being delicious the customer service was great. The wait time was quick, and the outdoor scenery is refreshing. We made sure to thank every person om our way out :) The only tip is to update their highchairs. The one they gave us was very wobley and one part of the strap was missing so we wasnt able to buckle our 2 year old in. still a great resturant
Went to the buffet today (Sunday). The food here is cheaply made. Gross mystery meat. Nan was dripping w/butter.
I've been to both the Queens and Brooklyn locations. Staff is friendly and the food is delicious. Probably been there over 10 times in the past 3 weeks haha.
I ordered take out from Namaste using the Yelp Eat24 order/delivery feature and it was great! It was my first time ordering delivery through Yelp and the process was seamless and really easy! My order arrived 20 minutes sooner than predicted and was still hot and very fresh! The portions are also much more generous compared to other Indian restaurants I've tried in Park Slope. Basmati rice was included with each menu item. The chicken tikka masala had great flavor and not overly spicy and had a lot of chicken in the portion! Also had the saag paneer (paneer with spinach) and chana masala (chickpeas) and loved both! Only downside was that it was an extra $3 to get naan on the side and only 2 pieces were included. But I will absolutely be ordering from Namaste again and will venture over to the restaurant to try out the dining experience there!
Food was delicious, portions were good , service was on point. Our group of 5 sat outdoors. We ordered  tandoori wings, naan baskets, chicken and shrimp korma, chicken kahai , lamb shish kabab and saagpaneer. My fave were the garlic naan, and the kormas. The garlic naan had a nice crisp, was perfectly salted and topped with diced garlic.  The korma was sweeter than I'm used to - was cooked with pear pineapple and another fruit I couldn't figure out- but was deeelicious. Would definitely come back.
I feel the food was timely, hot (heat not spicy), fresh and tasty. I would certain go back.
This place was just what we needed after a long, hot, exhausting day walking through the Botanical Gardens. We caught the tail-end of their lunch special buffet and thank god we did. The restaurant was empty and cool and we served ourselves at our own leisure. Service was attentive but not hover-y. Food was delicious all around for my four person group, and at $70 for four people it was a good deal too. Satisfying enough that I didn't even eat dinner that night.
Indian food is my speciality. I've been eating it in London since the 80s and in India too SO I do  know what is good, better, best.  This is just OK.  The question I have is why was the vegetable Jalfrezi a completely different sauce to the goat Jalfrezi?  One thing I have noticed buffets are usually significantly different to menu food.  This is the 3rd Indian buffet I have eaten in about a month and whilst this is the best [see previous reviews for 2 in Baltimore] it was just about Ok.  The goat well was really goat bone covered in sauce; the tandoori chicken was dry as in this could be yesterdays chicken.  The vegetarian options fared much better. The rice was cooked perfectly and so the the garlic nan.   Would I go back?? nah, there are far far better Indian restaurants in the city so would not bother.  Price wise it was ok.
I was surprised by how good some of the dishes were here. I was craving Indian food but really find it's usually a miss when I'm wanting this. So we tried namaste. We ordered the mulligatawny soup without chicken and it was very flavorful, right texture and just a tad salty. About the same saltiness as the chickpea crackers they give you. Gluten free so that's a plus. We then order the dal saag which was bland. But we ordered it with the lamb vindaloo which blew our socks off. Sweating, getting light heady and needing to take breaks this dish was spicy. The nice bland lentils and rice helped cool us off. I'd go again. Get the soup, vindaloo and maybe another spinach dish as I wanted more spinach than they gave with the lentils.
My wife and I Found a great little Indian restaurant in the village, after months of trying places. We're walking on 5th quite often, and seen namaste, so we gave it a try. I must say it's PERFECT and authentic! The Buffett was DELICIOUS, and we definitely recommend this place to ANY who like good Indian food.
We moved unfortunately and are no longer a block away but still order from Namaste! Delivery still on point and food still delicious!
Came here for their lunch buffet on a Saturday and I think I've found my new favorite pig out spot. The backyard is so cute and the food is amazing. 10/10 would recommend.
Excellent lunch special for less than $12. I recommend. One minor inconvenience: not many meat options on the lunch buffet.
This place is a great place.. Clean, small, cozy and there is a back patio. Very hospitable and great service. My glass of water is never empty. The whole menu is tasty and delicious. Chicken Tikka Masala is my favorite.. I come to this place at least 2x a month. Totally gets 5 stars!
Glad to have an Indian buffet in Park Slope. Was torn between 3 and 4 star rating, but decided to go with 4.Here is the deal. It is a great value with some good food. Been here few times for lunch buffet - price is unbeatable. Throw in a KingFisher beer and I can still eat like a king for under $20.Food variety at buffet is good. Service attentive. Atmosphere - well, it's ok I guess.The problem was the food. Buffet dishes varies from excellent (chicken tikka masala ), to ok (tandoori) to almost inedible (goat curry). The beauty of a buffet is that one can try many dishes and leave lesser ones uneaten, focusing on better ones. But in my view, if the goat is tougher than my shoe sole - just leave it off the buffet menu altogether. Desserts were good few times I came. I'll definitely come again for brunch due to great price and nice food variety, but not sold on dinner ordering as you are stuck with dish you ordered and it may be a hit or a miss.PS. Naan was hot, buttery and tasty, but definitely some char looked almost metallic. Unclear if their oven needs cleaning.
The customer service at this place is STELLAR!!! Namaste is HIGHLY accommodating, granting hungry (and picky) customers' wishes. It's a business that cares about truly pleasing its clients. Park Slope finally has its own Indian kitchen!!!A few tips: -If you want less oil, ask. -If you want more spice, ask. After three delivery orders, I am pleased as Punjabi pie. The staff was prompt and polite the food didn't get here too soon or too late.I really liked the beet salad! The samosas were surprisingly filling, plump, well seasoned, and juicy. The Vindaloo was spiced precisely as requested (I do repeat orders on that). The deserts were great too!
Lovely manager, very attentive. Warm homey food!! Not overpriced. Im inviting all my friends here.  I got the chicken mankhi(**) and masala the rice pudding was good too.
I really wanted to like them as they seem like the only authentic Indian in the area. Unfortunately, I am sick after eating half my meal. I found what looks like the top of a pepper in my food (see photo). The vegetables looked like they were from someone else's dish. I am so sick of paying for bad food. Never again.
Stopped in during lunch and ordered vegetable Jelfrazi along with nan. Food was excellent!! Tried a sample of (suji) taste was amazing. Service is terrific! Do check them out
Based on the reviews I really wanted to like this place more than I actually did. We ordered the shahi paneer, mutter paneer, malai kofta, garlic naan and peshwari naan. All of the dishes were very bland and lacked that authentic flavor. While the garlic naan and pappadums were tasty, I would not return.
Great food. I rarely order Indian food as I'm often disappointed however Namaste delivered a pleasant surprise. Gave a decent sized helping of Chicken Tikka Masala, beautifully seasoned and perfectly spiced. The rice seemed fresh and fluffy and the bonus papadum was delicious and cruncky! Delivery also came quickly which is an added bonus.
By far the best Indian restaurant in Brooklyn!Friendly, attentive staff and quick service. Make sure to check out the lunch buffet during the week until 4pm!
Came here the other night and the food was so authentic and delicious! The service was A+, the food was A+, ambiance was A+.The onion Kulcha was off the chain! I love mixing the flavors of each of the dishes together but they are also amazing by themselves. But that onion kulcha ain't no joke and is a must order!
Amazing! Came here for lunch with my mother and fiancé and had a wonderful time. It felt like visiting someone's home and felt so welcome. A beautiful outdoor dining space .... Will definitely be back!! Also- taj mahal beer is a must try!
This review is for delivery.Typically we wait a little longer for a new restaurant to hit its stride, but decided to take the gamble on Namaste (which has only been open a month) last night for delivery.  Delivery was estimated for 60 minutes but after 90 called to see what was going out (turned out Seamless was having a massive NYC outage, so we will give them slack on that).Once the food arrived, it was piping hot and fresh, and the delivery person was very nice.  Immediately we were struck by the very large portions (much bigger than Baluchis and other local joints).  For our trial run of this place, we decided to go with the  Indian restaurant standards of Chicken Tikka Masala ($13) and Shrimp Curry ($16) and of course Naan bread ($3).  The Shrimp Curry was really excellent with a ton of shrimp.  The Chicken Tikka Masala, also had a ton of nice well trimmed all white chicken (they charge $1 extra if you want dark meat) and had a great flavor, although have to say, was a bit over salted (but not too much to ruin it). The naan was good, but of course it is impossible for delivery naan to taste as good as it is in the restaurant.Typically I would have gone for the dinner combo (app, entree, naan) that every Indian restaurant has; however, have to say that Namaste's dinner special is pretty lame, with just 3 app choices (all veg) and limited entrees for $18 (which is more than other local places).  In the end I didn't miss the special given how big the regular portions were and that they still throw in extras like padadum and sauces as well as a tasty rice pudding.Overall we were impressed and plan to try eating in someday just to give the full test (would also be interesting to compare to Joy which is probably best is area).On a final note, have to say that we still miss Press 195 that used to be in this space.  There is still no place in Brooklyn that makes as good of sandwich as they did,  Zito's was no loss though.
Wow. Eat. Here. Now. Great food. Great service. On time delivery.
I went here with my boyfriend for the lunch buffet about a week ago. They had a good selection of food and it was only $12 a person. I mainly had the butter chicken and rice, but I also tried the goat and biryani. For dessert they had a carrot dish, which wasn't that great. I have had it other places where it had more flavor.The mango lassis are good. We will probably be back!
So I love Indian food! And Namaste definitely did not disappoint! Me and my friend had the vegetarian samosas, lamb Korma and shrimp Korma and all dishes were tasty. The hospitality and service was very welcoming and warm. Will be coming back!
I've eaten at Namaste a total of three times. Once I picked up the food, second time I sat down at the table with my husband and on New Year's Eve they delivered to my apartment when I was in a rush. Hands down, this is a five star restaurant for both the food and the service. Delivery times are quite reasonable and the prices are also competitive given the amount of food that comes in each package. Recommendations: If you are in the mood for something with bits of chinky tomatoes, my personal favorite is eggplant bharta. Over basmati rice, the flavors are like mini fireworks in your mouth. Simply divine. If you prefer cheese or greens, try the saag paneer - it's a popular dish and I can promise you will be licking your plates clean. For similar taste but cheese-free, I opted for the saag mushroom, which I find finger-licking good. Again, wonderful service, splendid chefs and overall a very well put together business. I give my highest recommendations.
Really good Indian food in Park Slope - finally.Their delivery is fast and hot and the food is very fresh. We like the tandori chicken and the curry dishes. Going in the restaurant is nice. They have a nice buffet and great takeout specials that they let you build right from the buffet.Check it out - it's a good place in the Slope.
Really love eating here! Great goat vindaloo, tikka chicken masala, saag paneer! They have a great lunch buffet for $12 that goes til 4pm. It's good to check out so that you can try new things. Service is wonderful, really sweet guys. I stopped going to the Indian spot near my house, this is my new go-to.
EXCELLENT!My friend was visiting from Chicago and had a craving for Indian food. I searched on yelp for a good Indian restaurant close to home and found this gem. Great service, delicious food, and I honestly can't wait to go back!
They have an cheap and delicious lunch buffet. Also came here for dinner and was impressed by the fact that the food they marked as spicy was actually spicy :)
Great group of people that work here. Try the black pepper shrimp extra spicy! Dishes can be made to taste around spice level. Not a bad thing on the menu.
We are so thrilled to finally have an Indian place close to us in our neighborhood. Although on the small side, Namaste has great food and excellent service.It's really nice inside, great decor and ambience. We love the lunch buffet they offer. It's an awesome deal for about 13 bucks. The chicken tikka masala is very good, creamy, not too tangy and the chicken as very tender. I always get the Lamb Rogan Josh. It's very tasty, the lamb is ridiculously tender. It has just a hint of spice. Perfection! I also think the Vindaloo is good, it's not too spicy that you cannot eat it. The Saag Paneer is delicious and not too salty. Their Naan is delicious and they do it very well here. Buttered nicely, soft and very fresh. We are totally a fan and the service is always great and they are super nice and accommodating. I'd recommend this especially if you live in the neighborhood. Reasonably priced and great quality Indian food.
Great Indian food, well priced and the service was awesome! The vegetarian samosas were delish! The backyard patio is also really nice. Will definitely be going back.
Must try the mango lassi and the garlic naan.  The service was great as well.  Food came quick and was fresh.  Definitely going back!
Incredible food. Panir with masala sauce, garlic nan - best every had. Definitely coming back
food is excellent!!!truly the best indian food i've ever had in my life. not only is the food absolutely outstanding, but the service is great & the employees are extremely warm and welcoming.. great service! great authentic indian food!! cant go wrong!! namaste
This place was ok. I had the salmon tikka. The salmon was dry & the lemon looked like it had been used. My husband had the coconut fish, that was ok a bit bland. We're always looking for good Indian food but this place didn't do it for me. The ambiance was nice & they seem to get crowded for a Friday night. They're not really expensive either, which is nice. I just wish the food was better.
Such good food.  Great service and nice atmosphere.  The lights were a little hinkey but other than that it was great.
Decided to give a new Park Slope Indian place a try for delivery tonight and was utterly disappointed, to say the least.  What we ordered: veggie samosas, daal saag, chicken Rajasthani hara maas, aloo paratha, Peshwari naan. First and foremost, everything (save for the Peshwari naan) was severely undersalted and not in the sense that the restaurant was cutting back on salt in the interest of my health, but rather in the sense that most of the food had absolutely no flavor. The daal saag, for example, smelled deceivingly of garlic and spices, but it was so unbelievably watery and tasted as if it had been diluted. The brown tamarind sauce that accompanied the samosas was also watery and flavorless, again as if it had been diluted. The biggest shocker of the order, though, was the chicken Rajasthani hara maas, which is described on the restaurant's menu as being "Chicken simmered in a fresh ginger, red chili and cilantro sauce. Served with rice. Spicy." I'd never heard of this dish before but I'm always interested in finding new alternatives to vindaloo to satisfy my spice craving, so I took a chance. Besides, it sounded like something I'd like and I even googled it before ordering to double check that it would be! What was delivered instead was chicken that was tinged a violently, artificially bright green sitting in what appeared to be a watered-down version of the green mint-cilantro chutney typically served alongside samosas, plus a couple dried red chilis floating on top. This dish went virtually uneaten. Felt too bad giving just one star, so the second is for a speedy delivery (30 mins to South Slope!) and the free papadums they included with the order. It's safe to say that those were the best part of the meal.
Excellent food. Very authentic. And the first all you can eat Indian buffet in the neighborhood. The staff was extremely friendly. I would definitely eat there again. From what they told us. The buffet me u changes daily. So it's a great way to try different Indian dishes that I have never ordered before. I would've given 5 stars. But didn't get to try a bunch of items during my first visit. I still recommend.
Delicious, fresh and interesting. Kerela Pepper Chicken was subtly spicy. Saag with mushroom was good of a bit bland. Vegetable somosas were filling and not at all greasy. Mulligatawny soup was terrific, heavily garlicky, with fresh ginger. Very attentive service. Not huge portions.
Just moved to the area and pleasantly surprised to have found this gem! Food is spectacular, they have  daily lunch buffet's and are always changing the menu - I'm pretty particular about the types cuisines I consume and I must say, Namaste nailed it! Fairly priced with excellent service. Also have a garden for outdoor convenience.
pretty proper.  chicken tikka masala was saucy, tandoori roti nicely charred, almost bagel chewy, samosas stuffed to the gills with potato and peas.  Mint sauce was bright and spicy and tamarind chutney was the right consistency.  Good addition to the hood.
One of the best paneer makhani I have had. Great food, great service, and I will definitely be visiting in the near future! A definite recommendation.
This is my go to place for Indian food. So glad my friend and I decided to try this place out. If you are into spicy food, get the vindaloo of any meat (chicken, lamb or seafood) they are all good! And get the garlic naan, its the best I've had. Good food, great service and friendly staff.
It's always a great experience here. Good portions, wonderful staff, and attentive service. I'll definitely be back whenever I'm in Brooklyn.
This place is amazing. The masala is to die for. The service was great, and the ambiance was nice. Last of all, pricing was very reasonable. Great Indian food here for sure!!
Delicious, fresh, superior service. Strong, rich flavors, clean restaurant, warm staff. Wonderful experience.
Excellent service, top quality food, perfect blend of flavorful Indian cuisine. Highly recommended  especially the samosas and chicken tandoori, as well as the chicken tikka masala!
Lamb tikka was fantastic as was the chaat samosa app. Beer and wine served (not listed on the website) was an un expected plus. Service was in point with good recommendations. The owner gave us a complimentary rice pudding...which was to die for. Would highly recommend this for Indian foodies!!
So good. Lunch buffet is amazing.  On weekends I sometimes come here twice in one day, it's that good.  Chicken Kadai, favorite dish.
The food is tasty but the delivery person *leaned* on my buzzer right away (I'm on the ground floor and sprinted to the door to stop him, and he kept doing it). He woke my kid up which didn't make for a great meal. We have instructions on file asking the person to just buzz once, which most places do and it's not an issue- but even if we didn't, buzzing repeatedly right away is just not polite.
Pretty darn good for delivery in Park Slope.  I still dream that our favorite UES Indian place will open a satellite branch in Brooklyn, but barring that, Namaste will definitely be our go-to takeout Indian restaurant. Nice variety of dishes all well prepared. Nothing stands out as a destination restaurant experience, and thus the 4 stars, but their delivery is always prompt and the food always inviting. Very nice addition to the neighborhood, and I hope they'll stick around for years to come.
Got there around 11:45am on a Monday and despite the sign outside saying lunch buffet started at 11am nothing was ready yet. I entered and was told they'd be ready in 15 minutes, so I came back in 20 and it was good to go. The food was obviously fresh and just out of the kitchen, so I got the benefit of not having buffet food that sits in those heated metal things for god knows how long. I was the only one in there at the time, which is a major win for a fat-kid at heart because you can unashamedly go up for additional servings 10 times.The service was quick and kind, (fresh hot naan brought right away and ice-water was constantly refilled), and the atmosphere is clean and comfortable. There was nothing food-wise that dropped my jaw, except maybe the spinach dish, but I'm a sucker for any kind of creamed spinach, Indian or otherwise.The tandoori chicken was solid, if slightly under-spiced, the chicken masala was very good, with a nice little kick, and all your other standard-fair Indian buffet options were tasty. The rice, which of course is an important element of any indian meal was fluffy, warm and flavorful. Moral of the story is I ate a ton and I was satisfied, which just like when I go to sushi all-you-can eat is my main objective for Indian buffets. I'm not expecting greatness, just goodness, without gastric consequences. I wasn't running to the bathroom every 5 minutes over the next 24 hours, and that counts for something. All in all a huge success for Indian buffet. Welcome to the neighborhood!
I think this is the best Indian food I ever had. (Speaking of the menu dishes. I did not try their buffet) I had their lamb Korma and Coconut lamb and both were superb. In fact, I created a Yelp account just to post this review. That is how good it was.  The staff is very friendly as well.
It's always disappointing when you go to a restaurant and they don't get your order right. It's even more disappointing when you order delivery, they don't get your order right, and then you have to wait sadly for the tandoori chicken to arrive with cold vegetable samosas. The chicken tikka masala was average, but we won't be ordering delivery again. For $40, it would have been nice for all the food to arrive together. Oh, well. Lesson learned.
I love this place! Their food is scrumptious, and their prices is surprisingly low for the high quality (get the vegetarian take-out for 8$- totally worth it)
Excellent new indian buffet type restaurant in Park Slope. Food was very fresh with nice options between vegetarian and meat dishes. Owner is present all the time ensuring customers have the best service. Come and support this new place.
I live in the neighborhood and had just come back from London trying some of the best Indian food I've ever had... so I thought I would give Namaste a chance last night. Extremely disappointed. Our server could not understand anything we said, the appetizer we ordered was fried cauliflower with- I swear the sauce was straight up ketchup. Couldn't eat it.Don't even get me started on my entrée. It was literally a sad compost pile of vegetables on a plate (Even the top of a carrot, and a full not chopped onion) with no sauce. I had to ask for the yogurt mint sauce it was supposed to come with. Pricier than it should be too.
I came here three times and each time it was disappointing. The first time my vegetable curry was gone bad and I had to send it back, they fixed it with a better and fresh dish, the second time i ordered the same  it was overcooked and had no flavor had to send it back  and they served something better. The third time i had a dal dish and malay kofta, again bad quality no flavor. I go to indian restaurants all the time and cook indian at home. This was really a bad experience. Not going back to this place.
Finally! An Indian lunch buffet in Park Slope! It's very good too. You just can't beat a fresh basket of naan brought to the table. The tandoori chicken is awesome. The service is excellent. The servers are very attentive and extremely hospitable. The owner is a great guy who is clearly very passionate about his business. That's really nice to see. The one thing I'd like to see is maybe a little more variety on the buffet. They make a mushroom saag, but I really love a good old saag paneer. I'm pretty sure they leave out the paneer to make it a vegan dish, which I totally get, but I bet their saag paneer would be out of the park.Keep up the great work, guys! We'll definitely keep coming back!
str8 fye deadass fam yelp wanting me to rite some long ish but nah this the deadass dope buffet b yaeerd me
Great service, we went on a weekday evening and were the only customers. Staff were friendly and very attentive. Portion sizes also generous and food tastes great
I would give 3.5 stars, but since half stars don't exist, I'll round up to 4 as the food was quick and came piping hot.Ordered take out from here recently. Both entrees were great, definitely had a kick but it was just the right level of spice. Meat was tender, and both dishes were very flavorful. Their rice is also great.However, I would pass on the samosas - they're a bit bland and have a very thick pastry casing. They also didn't come with any red and green sauce which was a bummer.I would also pass on ordering naan again - it was dense and flavorless. It tasted like it had been cooked earlier in the day and then reheated. Naan never travels well, but this texture and taste had more to do with the recipe than any issues with traveling. Also, I ordered garlic naan, but was given plain naan. I would order from here again, but next time I'll skip the samosas and naan and just go with the flavorful entrees.
I haven't found a better option for Indian in Park Slope. The food is very good and the service is excellent. Takeout orders tend to arrive in the blink of an eye. I've tried lots of dishes and they tend to be flavorful but not very spicy; they've been happy to accommodate special requests.
Wonderful service and superb indian food. The shrimp masala was amazing as was the saag paneer. We recently moved from Chelsea and have been looking for a solid indian place. This is definitely a neighborhood go to. The outdoor patio is also really cute. Great for couples, kids or groups.
Although I've only ordered food for pick up and delivery it has been excellent!  The 2 occasions when I've gone to pick up, the food has been ready in a short time, and when I had it delivered it took about 30 minutes on a Saturday evening.  It's great to have such a nice Indian restaurant in my neighbourhood.  They have a good and varied menu and everything so far has been delicious and I'm eager to try other items on the menu.When I've gone to pick my food up, my impression is of very good service; the host was friendly and polite, and offered me some water while I waited.  I'm really looking forward to going there to eat, but in the meantime I'll be ordering more.
After a few years of flitting from one mediocre Park Slope-area Indian restaurant to the next, I am delighted to say that I'm now a loyal customer of Namaste. The food is consistently excellent and much more flavorful than is so often the case in a curry or biryani, which at many other restaurants tend to become undifferentiated piles of a single flavor, but which at Namaste maintain the complexity and interplay of the various ingredients and spices. I tend to judge an Indian restaurant pretty heavily based on the apparent freshness of its ingredients (particularly vegetables, which at many restaurants get severely limited attention), the quality of its meat, and its ability to produce a good biryani (particularly when the rice itself is delicious, rather than filler). Namaste gets high marks on all of these, and I'll certainly be back soon. Also, try the tandoori mushrooms. Not something I've had elsewhere, but definitely a dish I've continued to order from Namaste.
Good chicken tikka masala and saag paneer. Fast delivery. Friendly and polite person taking delivery orders. Glad to have some Indian food in park slope.
Tasty Indian food, very nice staff and service, and fair prices. Glad to have a good Indian spot in the neighborhood.
Namaste is a cute wonderful restaurant. The service is impeccable, wonderful people and the food is delicious. The menu has a lot of vegetarian options. We also discovered it has a back garden. Wil definitely go back!!!
Perfect unlimited food! Must it the cajar halwa. Sweet carrot! Sooo good! Highly recommended if you wanna taste real Indian food.
eh, went there ffor the lunch buffet.  It was pretty bad..  I wouldn't try it again.  I use lunch buffets to decide if I like the place, and although it's a great deal--I won't be back.
Really a 4.5 ONLY because the ambiance is so-so. The food however is totally worth it. Takeout comes quick. So good! The buffet is worth trying too.
My main complaint is with the Eat 22 service through Yelp for online ordering. While I appreciate that they wanted to confirm that my large order was legit, their process is horrible for doing so. I received notifications I needed to complete an extra step to confirm my order, with no instruction as to how to complete that extra step. Resulting in our food not arriving until 2 hrs after I placed the order and horribly disrupting the meeting for which I ordered food. The restaurant itself once it finally received the order I believe did everything in their power to make up for the lost time, so this is mostly on Eat 22. Be warned. That said, the various lamb, goat, and chicken entrees we ordered were all solid, but not absolutely delicious. The samsas and cheese stuffed appetizers we ordered were good. The spring and beet salads were spoiled. We threw them away.
The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Nice backyard and the food was very tasty, made with noticeably fresh ingredients.
So happy to have a quality Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. There's an extensive menu and everything we've ordered has been delicious. Excellent naan. Really good service. Hoping they'll stay busy and become a neighborhood mainstay.
Ok, take it from a British Desi - this place is legit. Amazing north Indian food, the butter chicken is great as is their saag. The naans are soft, and even their mango lassi ranks up there. It only opened recently and I've already ordered from them 4 times. Finally Indian food in Park Slope, easily the best I've had (locally) in the last 10-15 years (except of course for my wife's cooking). Try it, you won't be disappointed
I would give them 10 stars if I could. Despite getting there at 9:45, they were so kind and attentive to us. Lamb korma and Aloo Gobin were really good-got the garlic naan on the side. I could've had that alone!
This review is for takeout. I think the food was just ok and WAY too expensive - the entrees don't come with anything except rice.  Other places in town give you naan and some sauces and charge a few dollars less.
This is exactly what Indian food should be -- a survey of the diverse flavored and styles of India, including peppery Rajasthani lamb, wok-style chile chicken and battered, tangy gobi Manchurian. The basics, like vindaloo and biryani, are excellent here, but I highly recommend exploring the many other flavors qualify Indian food has to offer. It also helps that there's a beautiful back patio, icy Kingfisher and incredibly nice servers. Go. Now.
I"m going to go as far as saying it's the best Indian food I've ever had in NY....! Tried for the first time tonight and blown away.
Excellent Indian.  Easily the best in the 'hood.  We sat in the backyard which is spacious but could use some homey touches (they just opened three days ago so I'll let it go).  We ordered the Samosa chaat, a daal dish, pepper shrimp and a few other veggie dishes. Everything was superb and the service was impeccable and very enthusiastic. I would definitely recommend trying this place.
Vegetarian options not flavorful- bland. Naan is good. I wouldn't return. My guest enjoyed the chicken.
I've been waiting for this place for a decade. Excellent, reliable Indian in north Slope, where have you been for so long!? This is quickly becoming not just my favorite southeast Asian place, but my overall lunch favorite. The $12 lunch buffet has 10 options including, typically, chicken, goat or lamb, and lots of veg possibilities. And ample complimentary naan, little sides, and something sweet!How do you beat that?  Let's keep this place around for a long time!
Some amazing Indian food and on top of that the prices are very reasonable. I have eaten here 3 times so far and never seemed to disappoint. I've tried different dishes but couldn't yet try their biriyani. Not sure why but when I asked for biriyani in two separate visits, they just said they have everything but the biriyani today. In any case, everything else is really good here. So yes I'm a fan.
The lunch buffet is so good! I loved their zucchini masala & I wish they would make it a regular menu item. I also wish they would add a vegetarian vindaloo option. On the meat items, I think the Chicken Tikka Masala was good, the Chicken Curry was good but not great, and the Rogan Josh was very tasty--the lamb was sliced well and it seemed to be of good quality. Only complaint I have is that a few times I have ordered I thought the bhindi masala (okra) was too salty. Glad to see this addition to the neighborhood!
Really great food (samosas were crispy and had a little kick, naan was actually tasty even if it was delivered, and the addition of complimentary pappadam was a nice touch!). Also, it was a quick delivery. Will definitely order from here again!
Went there after reading good reviews on a weeknight for dinner. The restaurant was empty and we were the only ones dining in. Needless to say, I was less than impressed. The food tasted okay, but I could definitely tell that it was leftovers that were reheated. Even the basmati rice didn't taste or look fresh. The roti and naan also didn't seem fresh. The malai kofta was okay, a little bland. I did like the indo Chinese chilli chicken. I think the whole experience could be better. I'm disappointed that there is no 5 star indian restaurant in all of brooklyn.
Ordered the chili shrimp and vindaloo chicken. Both were great and love the heat in the vindaloo dish. Good Indian food and friendly service. I would come back again.
Namaste has become our go to Sunday brunch/lunch spot.  The food is terrific, with a wide variety of vegetarian and vegan options in the buffet for $12 (including a hot basket of delicious naan brought to your table).  The service is very friendly and the atmosphere is warm and inviting.  We found this place by accident and are so happy to have a great go-to Indian restaurant in the neighborhood.
Excellent Indian food in Park Slope. Delivery came fast, piping hot, and very tasty. Saag Paneer was so flavorful and very delicious -- and I'm not usually a huge fan. Tikka Masala was also very flavorful and spiced with just the right amount of heat.
I cook Indian food at home and have been to many Indian Restaurants all over this city and outside of a couple of places in Jackson Heights, this is as good as it gets.A friend and I had the buffet lunch today. There was good variety in the offerings: vegetarian as well as meat (goat and chicken). Each dish was fresh and tasted distinctly different from any other unlike so many restaurants that i have been to.My one caveat is that the waiter is too helpful: whisking away plates and refilling our beer glasses. I like to be left alone to eat and drink at my own pace- there was no reason to hurry us as we were only two of three people in the place.BTW; they have a bring your own policy (so far), which can be a great savings.
Fantastic food and extremely friendly service. I wish you all the best - welcome to the neighborhood.
I am writing this review for my father, who requested it as a Christmas gift. We've discussed it at length, and are in agreement that no one else should suffer this food. The papadum was soggier than the tropical storm he drove through to visit me. The mulligatawny was more watery than the sheets of rain his window wipers could not combat. Worst of all was the fried calamari, which my father believes were, in fact, frozen assholes tossed in a deep-frier. I cannot go on. Don't go here. They offered us free dessert, since we really couldn't eat much of anything they served us, but we declined in synchronicity out of both fear and exasperation. Merry Christmas Dad. I'm sorry.
Just ordered wings, beet salad and hot tea. Delivery was quicker than expected and delivery guy was nice. However, I found absolutely no utensils and the tea was lukewarm. I redialed the delivery number, got voice mail, left a message (for whatever that was worth) and was then forced to eating the soggy, canned beets on a bed of wilted greens with my fingers. 75%of the meal was tossed in the trash. I just had enough to take the edge off my hunger. Scratch this place off my "come back again" list.
This is the best Indian food I've found in Brooklyn. The menu and lunch buffet are both great, a wonderful variety and full of flavor.
Thought the menu had a lot of nice options. I thought each dish we ordered was tasty and well cooked. I must say it seemed the spice was a bit on the lighter side but all still delicious. Would not be surprised if it was intentional to cater to all palates and not scare off people who are not huge spice fans. Recommend for those seeking a bite of Indian food in the neighborhood.
Namaste is a nice addition to the neighborhood!  Delicious palak paneer and Lino, the owner, is really nice. I'd gotten delivery from them a couple of times, and today I stopped by after the Super Bowl and they made me dinner to take out even though they had already closed. Got a good feeling from the people that work there - glad to have these good neighbors on my street!
Authentic Indian cuisine with a lovely service and yummy food. Both vegetarian dishes and meat dishes were very tasty. They also have a nice selection of Indian beers. We will be back!
Food was great, prepared quickly, and the staff were incredibly friendly. I've found my new go-to Indian spot!
We live around the corner from this new restaurant and being English I have awaited the arrival of a decent Indian restaurant in my neighborhood. We were greeted with a warm welcome and our children were talked through the menu with suggestions made - in fact we ended up taking recommendations dependent on our preferences and were rewarded with a banquet of food - all was excellent and very authentic. Price was reasonable and deserves the 5 star rating awarded - we will go back for second helpings.
My roommate and I ordered their chicken tikka masala and garlic naan. YUM! The chicken and sauce were perfectly seasoned, and the naan was moist, garlicky (as garlic naan should be!), and pipin' hot. The portions were quite generous as well. The staff was attentive, courteous, and eager, even though I was only ordering take out. I would definitely eat there again.
I'm really confused by the disparity between their takeout menu and their buffet.  Let me explain.  Writing two reviews due to space constraints, this one is for the Lunch Buffet.Takeout gets five stars, but buffet is one-star.  It was so bad that I would need some kind of compensation to eat here again.  What if the takeout being five stars was a fluke, and it's usually bad?  Hard to imagine..yet it is hard to imagine the buffet was so terrible when the takeout is so good.I couldn't stop thinking about those eggplants and that succulent paneer, so we decided to go to the buffet on the weekend.Indian buffets are rare, and this is one in Brooklyn from 11 - 4 each day, 7 days a week.  I was thrilled!  We wanted to get there as early as possible, to taste the food when it was fresh, as many places stop replenishing the food when it gets closer to ending time.We arrived around 1130 am.  There was a family sitting down, but not eating.  We stood for a length of time before someone appeared from the back to seat us.  He said it would be another few minutes.  The buffet was still being set-up.  We watched him bring the food out, one dish at a time.  It was strange that nobody else came out from the back to assist him, with two tables waiting to eat.At long last, the buffet was ready!  But it was strange.  How?  Glad you asked.They had the cold salad section - lettuce, tomato, chutneys, raita, pickled vegetable.  I poured my favorite green chutney into the sauce cup.  If I'd known there were no appetizers to put it on, I wouldn't have wasted their sauce.  I've never been to an Indian Buffet where no appetizer was served.  There is always something - onion bhaji, vegetable pakora, idly, aloo tikki, etc - some kind of fried little finger food at most of them, coated with a chickpea or gram batter.  I was very sad about this, but couldn't afford to order pakora on the side because they are too expensive here. Next to the appetizers, they has a small rice steamer full of carrot halwa.  I don't usually like carrot halwa, but I tried it this time since there were no other desserts offered.  Usually there is mango pudding and rice pudding, plus one special item (carrot halwa, or the sweet semolina, or jalebi, or gulab jamun..you get the idea).  This was the best carrot Halwa I've ever had, and it was hot and fresh.  There were only a few entrees, this is a small buffet.  Many of the buffets in NYC Indian restaurants are smaller than in other cities/countries, so I wasn't phased by it.  Today they were serving:Vegetable BiryaniTandoori ChickenKadhi PakoraVegetable KormaA mixed Dal with kidney beansGoat VindalooCorn SaagChicken Tikka MasalaNote that there was no Paneer dish - a Paneer dish is one more place that you don't have to serve meat, so I don't understand why there is no Paneer dish. The Vegetable Biryani was beautiful.  It was a lovely yellow color with a good mix of vegetables in it, including eggplant slices.  It didn't taste like anything, though.Tandoori Chicken was a beautiful color, and it was plump and juicy.  It had just come out of the kitchen fresh.  I was so excited to eat tandoori chicken that had not been desiccated on the heat table for hours.  The skin was adequately salty, where it usually is not salty at all.  A few bites in, I realized it was a little too tender.  Only the outside edges were cooked.  I stopped eating it.  I switched to the other piece, a thinner piece, in hopes that it would be fully cooked.  No dice, the inside was raw.  My BF agreed.  We felt bad, but we couldn't eat any more of the raw chicken.  We decided this must be a good thing on most buffets, as it would finish cooking itself slowly over hours on the heat table.  Then again, it was noon, the food had just come out late, and I was making excuses for raw poultry.  This is really not okay.  I suspect they were in such a hurry, seeing as the buffet started late for some reason, and they rushed the chicken and failed to taste a piece before serving.  Kadhi Pakora - this is a dish I really love.  This was one of the first dishes out of the buffet, and I noticed that it didn't have anything in it, only sauce.  Nothing was ever brought to be put inside the sauce.  Kadhi Pakora is a lemony cream sauce with fried balls of vegetable pakora in it - except this was just sauce.  Major disappointment.  Something bad must have been happening there today, for them to forget the main ingredient.Vegetable Korma - Good texture, sauce not memorableMixed Dal - runny, without distinction or flavor.  Its primary purpose was to make the plate wet.Goat Vindaloo - good Vindaloo flavor, but I don't like goat much.  Meat hadn't been given proper time to become soft.  This should happen before serving, not while the food sits on the buffet.Corn Saag - There's always a Saag dish, but corn saag is the only kind that isn't very good.Chicken Tikka Masala was great, the meat finishing cooking in the sauce.
We are always happy to hear of a new restaurant opening in Park Slope, and were especially pleased when we heard a new Indian place was coming to Fifth Avenue.Park Slope has been woefully underserved for years regarding Indian food, and any addition would surely be welcome, wouldn't it? Wrong.We ordered Shrimp Bhuna, Vegetable Jalfraze, and Tandoori Malai Kabab, Raita and garlic naan.The Shrimp Bhuna was flat, under spiced and covered in an unappealing lukewarm sauce.The Vegetable Jalfraze was nothing like the bright peppery tomato based sauce we all know and love and was mostly sweet friggin' potato. Disgusting. We left it mostly untouched.The Tandoori dish was also inedible. The chicken had the texture of something that had been frozen and not entirely thawed before cooking. It takes a certain kind of genius to make chicken with the consistency of leather. Horrendous.On the plus side the papadums were decent and the beer was cold. Other than that, there is nothing commend this place.I am always sad to see restaurants struggle and close, but on this showing the sooner the better.BTW. There is a small BYOB restaurant called Masala Grill on Atlantic Ave at Third Ave. They torture you with Bollywood videos but the food is the best Indian in the Slope, and you can get dinner for two, thirty five bucks tops. I am not associated with this restaurant, but you should try it. The Vindaloo will cure most common ailments.
Finally somewhere in Brooklyn with good Indian!! I had chicken tikka masala and it was awesome! So far everywhere else in the neighborhood has tasted like tomato soup but this was flavorful and delicious. My date got a lamb curry that was spicy (which he wanted) and he really enjoyed the texture and flavor, a very rich sauce. At the restaurant we got a bottle of wine, one we initially didn't want but the server suggested and it really was nice. I will definitely be coming back here!
Surprisingly delicious and fresh for a little take out place. We ate in for dinner and got out of there for $15 a piece all told. Servers were very sweet.
Fantastic lunch buffet, even on weekends, and it's a steal at $12 and comes with fresh naan. Nice backyard outdoor patio. Good vegetarian options, but there's lots for meat eaters too -- and it's perfectly cooked! Chicken is not dry nor soggy, spices are delicious, and everything is fresh-tasting. Great!
Park Slope wins with this new addition to the food joints on 5th avenue. Since the place with horrible service closed (rhymes with Flatucci's), we haven't had many options for this ethnic food near where we live.  We went to Namaste today for the $12 all you can eat brunch, and it was simply delicious.  Fresh, well-prepared, and tasty. We tried it all - Goat stew, Chicken Tikka Marsala, Tandoori chicken, Aloo, Saag Paneer, Channa Masala, and a few other things. Fresh Naan bread as well. The mango chutney was superb, and their rice pudding thick and not too sweet, easily deserving 2 servings.  They did not have a bar yet, but soft drinks were available.  The flavors just bounced off the plate.  Tandoori chicken moist throughout, and the sauces for all were complex and flavorful. Friendly staff made it a good experience. It was also nice to hear the other customers raving about the food just like we did. Overall a great experience.   The all you can eat is a daily special, but we plan to go back for dinner and try even more.  This is a welcome addition to our neighborhood, easily on par with other popular joints like Song, Cubano, Pepperoncino, Bogota, etc.
A great addition to Park Slope dining scene and probably the best Indian food in Brooklyn. We had four dishes each was distinct and delicious.
I was so looking forward to a new Indian restaurant in the neighborhood!  In October I ordered lamb vindaloo for takeout.  It was bland and flavorless.  However, after reading so many positive reviews, I tried it again this week--  again takeout.  I ordered the bindhi masala and shrimp vindaloo.  Although the portion size was good, the okra was woody and tough--  like eating straw.  The shrimp vindaloo was ridiculously hot, and loaded with so many red pepper seeds that it was inedible, unless you want to pick seeds out of your teeth.  One more try:  I'm hoping I can find one dish I like...  If not, I'm done.
Came to this spot on a Wednesday night with my sister. Service was friendly and attentive. The food was awesome! We got chicken saag and chicken jalfrezi and garlic nann. Everything was delicious! Finally a great Indian restaurant in the neighborhood.
Ordered delivery from this place for the first time last night -- and will definitely be doing so again.  Really, really delicious Indian food.  Well-seasoned with lots of subtle flavors and modest spice, not greasy.  AMAZING rice and papadum served alongside.  Highly recommended for great neighborhood Indian.  (Delivery was slower than most takeout places, but I think they're still staffing up as they grow into the neighborhood.  No big deal.)
Had dinner here this week and loved it! The staff was welcoming and genuine and the food was delicious. Will definitely be coming here again.
I was in Brooklyn on business and walked into this restaurant on its very first day, without knowing it was new. The food was excellent and the prices very reasonable. The service was excellent. The curries were subtle and delicious, the naan bread crispy and good, the samosas big enough and good enough to constitute a meal by themselves. I wish the owners the best of luck! It's great to find a good restaurant when you're from out of town; All in all a great experience.
Ok before I begin a little about me I'm a ardent food lover and a chef and my hobby includes trying out every Indian restaurant in NYC I believe been to every single Indian Pakistan restaurant in NYC - Fortunately I stumbled on this GEM this place is a gem which could also be an understatement. Right from the get go we were treated with immaculate customer service which again wouldn't be the main reason for me to write this. A lot of places that serve Indian food don't have Indian chefs and it's makes a HUGE difference trust me when I say this. Before we ordered we were very reluctant as we were expecting something that would be non Indian food claiming to be Indian and BEHOLD WE HAD ONE OF THE BEST EXPERIENCES OF OUR LIVES WHEN WE STARTED EATING THEIR SHEESH KABAAB WAS TENDER LIKE IT SHKULD BE MADE JUST AS ITS MADE IN DELHI FOOD MARKETS the naans the Tikka the meat were tender juicy and I couldn't waiy to meet the Chef. He is actually from Delhi AND Punjab I WOULD SO RECOMMENDED THIS PLACE TO ANYONE WHO WANTS TO EAT REAL REAL INDIAN FOOD PLEASE GO AND EXPERIENCE REAL INDIA IN BROOKLYN.
