Love this place! I've walked past this place so many times and finally tried it with a girlfriend the other day. Ordered their lunch special: 2 samosas (or soup) and a chicken entree. ALL FOR $9! And let me tell you the chicken tikka masala was delicious. Ordered Naan to go with it and I was all set. (You get a lot of food too :9)We sat outside in their back patio seating on a perfect 75 degree sunny day. Cute outdoor patio, bright, cute deco.The only think I noticed on the negative is that we weren't brought napkins honestly that's it!
Every time I place the orders from them, I find - their portion is becoming smaller, and their food taste being declined as well as their quality of ingredient running a path of decline. I tried to speak to their manager about the issues that was experiencing but it was not easy to communicate with them as they treat me someone who is asking for reward with complaining if I give them a call, also messages were being ignored from their website, email and Facebook. I really liked the place very much in terms of food quality and therefore have recommended this place to many other coworker/clients yet it is becoming a shame that I have recommend such a place where never try to open their ear to customer. It is really sad when your favorite place is changing and this is one of that moment.
I lived in astoria for a long time. And I ignore this place because I had bad experience with indian food but this place is delicious. I regret not finding this place sooner.They really need to get rid of the dark window and make it clear to show off their nice decor..
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Queens.  I have been here numerous time.  Just had another great dinner tonight and would like to give another shout out to this place.I always order the following:house white wineappetizer - Fish PakorasMulligatawny soup - hot, thick and has a bit of a kick, perfect for a cold daySaag Paneer or Saffron Shrimp Paneer - love their version of spinach and shrimp is crispybutter chicken - my kid's favorite2 orders of Khandari Naan - hot and char with sweet stuffing - SO GOOD
Came on a very slow Wednesday afternoon to grab some lunch. No one was in the restaurant which I didn't care for. Service started off great but then my waitress ended up chatting on the phone the entire time behind the bar, I had to call out to her a few times and even walk up to ask for the check. About the food:Believe it's called "Saffron Lamb Pasanda" that she had recommended cause I wanted to try something new. It was good but definitely stick to the safer option - chicken tikka masala. Their rice is very soft and fluffy but I prefer the rice to have more texture. The meat was juicy so that's a plus.They have this green sauce thougggghhhh that was like no other green sauce I've ever had in any other Indian restaurant. It goes great with the entree! I even made a comment that I'd drink a bottle and when I asked for some more, the lady gave me a huge bowl of it so another plus right there.Had a glass of Shiraz which was full bodied and smooth. Also ordered a Chicken Tikka Masala to take home to my man, which he liked very much. I only wish the waitress gave me more attention to boost my overall experience. I don't mind her on the phone but she should've sat on a high chair or something so she could see me at all times in case I needed her (or to make sure I don't walk out on the check!!!) but instead, she was hidden behind the bar.
Ordered delivery from here Sunday night. They gave us a 45 minute timeframe which was fine for us. Food came on time and everything was nicely packed. I had the paneer makhni and my husband had they Goan fish curry. I liked my food and he said it was good but not spicy at all.i just realized writing this review they never delivered our two orders of kheeer (dessert)
OMG! I cannot believe this restaurant! I had ordered delivery from here and when I got my food I was so excited to eat like. BUT, what I gotten was burnt papad that was hard and not crunchy like its supposed to be. The rice was hard, bhel poori's rice puff was soft not crunchy, mango lassi was bad with orange color, naan was bad too like it's like microwaved, and my veg dishes were average. There are far better Indian restaurants in Jackson heights than going to this one.
The food was only ok, but mainly, I would never go back because the service was terrible. They served us a dish with chicken breast instead of dark meat (as it was indicated on the menu). When I mentioned it to the waitress she never apologized and instead insisted it was dark meat and that I was wrong. Then when she brought the bill, I mentioned it again and she admitted it was not dark meat but that was what they served. Again, she did not apologize. I was not asking for a refund or for her to take the food back - in fact, I wasn't even complaining - I simply asked her because I thought it was odd. The bare minimum in customer service would be to ask if she could do anything about it and say sorry. This never happened. I found her to be extremely rude and arrogant. I would never ever step foot in this restaurant again. I will actively prevent anyone I know from eating there. All she had to say was sorry and I would have given her 4 stars - I hope the staff learns how to treat their customers properly.
I ordered food from this place. The delivery was super late and food was pathetic. I ordered paneer tikka, it was paneer mixed with tomato ketchup. Thats not what paneer tikka is supposed to be. I also ordered malai kofta - the curry was made out lentil daal!!! So all in all I had to pretty much throw my 30$ into the garbage.
I have mixed review about this place. One day I love it the other time it was horrible but then I went again last week and once again it was amazing!!! The place overall is amazing-- love the decor it's very romantic and low key.  The staff is very nice and love that they actually give you and input on what you order. I'm a huge fan of recommendation from the people that work every day there. Anything you order you will enjoy but like I said before it's a toss up on if it's amazing or if it's so so. I don't know if they have a different chief or what is going on. It's worth a try or two!!
Used a living social deal (although realized the app takes a big cut from the restaurant's profit :( ) The service was very good and food overall also was very good! We especially loved the rice pudding dessert :D
LOVE love love this Indian restaurant!Saffron's service is superb, and their cuisine second to none. If you like to indulge, check out their generous happy hour- until 7 daily!Red Elephant is a delicious red wine, and at happy hour only $4! Not to mention the delicious samosas, mulligatawny soup, daal, and so much more...Delicious food and beverages (mmm... Try the sweet mango lassi- OMG!).
Was completely surprised by the intense depth of flavor in the goat curry at Saffron, which looks like your standard crimson cloth napkin joint, but has a real chef behind the curtain. Entire cardamom seeds hid in the sauce. The saag paneer was equally rich, if a bit on the oniony side.I didn't get that sickly-sweet taste other reviewers complain about, which I suspect (no shade!) MIGHT be because they or their companions ordered a tomato and cream-based dish like, say... Chicken Tikka Masala. No. Shade. (Okay. A little shade.) And, it's a small thing, but the naan was actually fresh (charred, buttery, uneven) instead of pulled from a frozen bag and reheated to serve.
Food was below average. Had to add a lot of salt to my Paneer Makhani for it to taste like anything. Paneer was super tough and chewy. I noticed most of the good reviews only mention prices. There are better Indian restaurants in the area, save your money.
My friend and I were super hungry and walked by this restaurant and thought it would be a nice spot for some Indian food. The interior was nicely decorated and the service was pretty good. My friend and I ordered the butter chicken and the chicken chat as an appetizer. The butter chicken was not very good, surprisingly. It's a staple and any Indian restaurant should be able to make a good butter chicken. The problem with this dish was that the gravy was watery and lacked flavor. The chicken chat appetizer, on the other hand, was pretty good. It was flavorful and tasty. My friend had some of the sangria and said it was really good. They have a happy hour during the week...im unsure if they have the same deals during the weekend.Overall, I would not return to eat here but if youre looking for a decent happy hour, this may be a good spot to check out!
Came here because I purchased a Groupon with additional 25% off (Groupon often have 20%-25% promotions). The Groupon deal is for "Dinner for two: One appetizer, two entrees, and two glasses of house wine" for $30 - so with additional 25% off, I bought the deal for just $22.50! Although the Groupon deal is not valid for Saffron specials or Clay Oven specialties, it was still an awesome deal!Here's what we ordered:-2 house white wine (included in Groupon, Happy Hour price is $4/glass) - taste good-1 appetizer: Crab Kofta - Jumbo lump crab-meat sautéed in a chili and tamarind sauce, served with chickpeas (included in Groupon, $6.95) - it was okay and it has strong taste of ginger...not used to it-first entree: Chicken Tikka Masala - Tandoori cooked chicken cubes finished with a rich tomato based gravy (included in Groupon, $12.95) - it has hints of milk and coconut flavor, it was okay, and the chicken is a bit dry-second entree: Kadai Shrimp - Stir fried jumbo shrimp in a sweet and sour sauce with amalgam of fresh vegetable (included in Groupon, $14.95) - IT'S AMAZING! MUST ORDER! it is so flavorful with tomatoes and peppers!Note: all entrees do not come with rice or naan. We ordered Garlic Naan ($3.95) and IT'S THE BEST NAAN I'VE EVER HAD! SO TASTY! We also received a free order of rice!
The service was lukewarm. The waitress didn't seem to care much about anything. I had the paneer makhani, which was borderline flavorless. I'm wondering if that had to do with the fact that i ordered it mild. Maybe a spicier order would've come out with more flavor. The rice was undercooked, but the nan and mango lassi was delicious.
First, I must say the food was very tasty. The atmosphere is nice and  the server was nice too. I am writing this because I was a business owner and I looked at Yelp reviews to see if I could make changes that would better my my business, Here are my suggestions, I went there with a Groupon coupon. If the Groupon  says that I can have "any appetizer up to $7.95", don't tell me that there is one  appetizer on the menu that cost $7.95 that I can't have. It affects the rest of the meal. We sat by the front window. It was nice until the delivery bikes headed straight for us at 60 miles per hour with their lights blaring, stopping inches from the front window, to park between their deliveries. Me and my wife thought the bike was going too crash through the front windrow. They should slow down with lights off and, if possible, try to find a better spot to park. These two things changed my mood and that's not good, When the server came to the table to give us the check, she turned to walk away leaving the table "dirty" with rice and other food stuff, I stopped her and had to ask that she tidy up the table a bit .It took her two seconds. I shouldn't have had to ask. I know deserts are not on the Groupon coupon but the server should explain that the Groupon coupon does not include desert and ask if we would like desert anyway? We were not even asked. These are not things that would stop me from returning and I do recommend this restaurant. I just think they should tweak a few things.
Came here for my birthday dinner with my boyfriend and his best friend! Atmosphere is very romantic and pretty. It was quiet, but not in an awkward way; there were only 3 filled tables here on a Wednesday night. Waitress could've been a little friendlier. Restaurant could've been a little warmer. With their Groupon deal, we got to have 4 glasses of wine, 2 appetizers, and 4 entrees. Please find below everything we ordered, along with my descriptions and reviews: Apps:Lahsooni Gobi - 2/5 - balls of cauliflower with chili flakes and garlic tomato chutney. Not my favorite, but interesting to try. Vegetable Samosas - 5/5 - we all know what these are. Pretty hard to mess up samosas. Side:Garlic Naan - 5/5 - I'd never had garlic naan before. I was pleasantly surprised. Entrees:Chicken Tikka Masala - 5/5 - a staple that you must order. It's super tasty here. I loved it with the naan. Shahi Mutter Paneer - 4/5 - green peas with cubes of cheese cooked in a rich mild sauce. Pretty good dish. Basic, simple, tasty. Shrimp Biryani - 3/5 - too much rice for me in one dish. Not my fave, but the shrimp was still good. Saffron Lamb Pasanda - 5/5 - Omg. Loved. The spices in this were out of this world. Desserts:Kulfi - 5/5 - Indian ice cream with saffron. Boyfriend ordered this one for me because I'm Persian and we like our saffron. He did well, ladies and gentlemen. Gulab Jamun - 4/5 - two balls of cheese and milk simmered in syrup and flavored with rosewater. This was different. Again, I'm a fan of rosewater so I enjoyed exploring this dessert. To conclude, I'm glad that a good Indian restaurant exists in Astoria. Their food is flavorful and delicious and it's totally worth the visit. Trust me - I've been to India.
Visited Saffron because of a Groupon that was good for one appetizer, two entrees (excluding Clay Often specialties) and two glasses of house wine (red or white). As an appetizer we got the Fried Calamari. The batter reminded me of an onion ring but nonetheless it was delicious with the accompanying sauce. For entrees we ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (Chicken in a tomato-based sauce) and Saag Paneer (spinach and cheese). The flavor was definitely there; do not let the size of the dish fool you; you will be feeling heavy after a few bites combined with either rice or Naan (we opted for the Garlic and Onion Naan since rice is basic). Neither rice or naan is included in your entree so be sure to order that in addition to your entrees. Overall it was a good experience. Service was friendly, parking was easy, and the food was decent.
Service was good.  Food was not bad.  However, a bit too spicy for kids.
Great little spot to walk in and enjoy some Indian food! It was so tasteful! The lemon rice was so good! I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking to try some Indian cuisine!
I went for a family meal, The food was phenomenal. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (mild) with a Mango Lassi. the chicken had very deep spiced favor with good balanced rice. Naan bread with garlic was amazing as well. The waitress was patient with questions and concern. Spoke French too! Would definitely recommend if you're going on a date with not too much money.
This place made me a fan of Indian food. Before coming here, I couldn't (still can't) remember the last time I'd had Indian food, partly because my past experience had been so mediocre it didn't leave a dent in my memory. Friend took me here on a Groupon for lunch and I gotta admit, it took me a while to warm up - fixing half-curious, half-suspicious stares at everything on the table - simply because it had been THAT long since my last Indian dish. Friend (who's an Indian food fanatic) got the crab curry and ordered the saag gosht for me because I was overwhelmed by the number of choices. I was sooo glad for his decision because I ended up loving it. More like falling in love with it the way you would with something that utterly opens your eyes and casts a net over your heart. It's rich, creamy, and savory with exotic flavors that massage your palate. Since I'd never actually tried the saag before, I obviously can't say something like "this is saag done right" but if there's anything I can vouch for, it's that the saag I tried here was sublime. I also got it mild rather than spicy, and I was happy with that decision albeit my penchant for spicy food.Tried a taste of friend's crab curry (spicy) and was slightly repulsed by it. He ended up leaving it half uneaten and stealing some of my saag - kinda a tsk-move, but I couldn't really blame him, could I? The saag is irresistible.Now that I'm done gushing about the saag --Besides our respective entrees, we had papadi with red and green sauces, and chicken chaat which were pretty decent. For beverage, we asked to swap out the wine (part of the Groupon) with mango lassi and the server had no problem honoring that. Daytime ambience is casual and laid-back, noise level on the quiet side. Modern-chic decor with some interesting wall art. Capacity and crowd are maybe low to medium - plenty of tables, and there was only one other party of two besides us on a weekend. The server was courteous and attentive, came to check on us a few times, but seemed a bit aloof and doled out these not-entirely-clean-looking takeout containers for us to bag our own leftovers, which is my reason for taking off one star. But other than that, I'd totally come back for the saag.
Effing AMAZING food! The wait time is a wee bit long, but I care not. The food makes up for it!!
Fantastic Indian every time. You can pick up, get it delivered, or eat in and have magnificent prices. Great meals. Great prices. Happy every time.
Do not order delivery through their website. My credit card was charged but I never received a confirmation email and the food never came. I was sympathetic -- obviously something in the technology failed, and they were really busy when I called. But I had to call a few times and the woman I spoke to kept lying, telling me it would be "just another 10 minutes." The next day I spoke to a man who said he would credit my card. That credit never came... so I've disputed the charge and am writing this review.It's too bad! The $15 prix fixe special was great. Still leaving 3 stars because I ordered a handful of other times (through Seamless) and everything went fine.
Absolutely unequivocally the single worst restaurant I have ever had the displeasure to deal with.By FAR the worst and most unacceptable customer service experience of my life.EDIT: To clarify why, here we go. I ordered around 715pm - called to confirm that the restaurant was open and delivering. They confirmed it. At 915, still nothing, but they confirmed that my order was (at this point) en route (which, as you'll see, turns out to be a bald-faced lie). At 945 - I call again and am told (and I don't know when they would have told me this) that they weren't delivering to me as I was too far (1 mile?) and my order had been cancelled.This timing and sequence of events makes literally no sense and suggests the restaurant was lying. The reason, furthermore, that this is especially terrible is that it indicates the restaurant had no intention of delivering to me. I called back after the initial 945 and they indicated they weren't going to deliver and shouldn't have accepted my order over 2.5 hours ago. The reason this is worse than just a normal delivery delay is the extent and timing of the delay - I ultimately got *no food* - and by the time they told me this was the plan, it was too late to find any reasonable alternatives. Had they told me at 7:15 that they wouldn't deliver, I had other options. They delayed, failed to communicate, and forced me to go hungry. On my call back, I also specifically asked if I could speak to the manager/owner. I was told, after specifically requesting it, that the owner would call me back the next day. The owner has not contacted me.----I've ordered from here before and had the food a few times as well. The food itself is maybe a two-star. The palak paneer and malai kofta are each decidedly mediocre renditions of those dishes. The palak being the worst offender -- it is liquidy and covered in some kind of sauce, and lacking in content of greens. The kofta could use a lot of work as well.
Saffron is a well-decorated establishment where you can feel comfortable (and are able to) hang out for two hours with friends or a date. It also has a backdoor area that's ideal to lounge around in during the warmer months. The service is good, and because the restaurant is never too crowded, you never feel rushed; you can just sit back and enjoy the restaurant experience. Naturally, the never-too-busy feel of the restaurant has advantages (you can spend a lot of time here!) and disadvantages (wait, why is it never busy?).I've had mixed experiences with the food. Recently I've had three different dishes there in order of preference I liked the chana saag (which on different occasions for some reason has come in different colors) most, followed by the lamb curry and chicken korma. I would recommend you check out a lunch box special - it lets you choose from basically the entire menu, so it's a great way for you to experiment with dishes if you're unfamiliar with Indian food.And FYI if spicy food kicks your butt like it does mine, no need to worry. I've always ordered every entree as mild and have never been disappointed. But as a warning, the papadum (I think that's what it's called) they give you after you sit down has some kick to it.)When comparing Seva to Saffron, I consistently prefer Seva for the food, but Saffron wins in the ambiance category as the better place to have a laid-back, relaxing time. I debated a lot of whether to give this place three or four stars, but I have to slightly lean towards three. Hopefully I'll have some better dishes here in the future and then bump up the rating to four!
So, this place has totally shamed my favorite Indian restaurant in California. All the dishes I tried were a much better version of any I have consumed!  I absolutely adored the use of whole fresh spices in their dishes and appreciate that they did not remove them from the final serving. My Chicken Tikka Masala had whole cinnamon sticks and the rice had seeds as well. Below is a list of items ordered:- Tandoori Chicken Wings - Chicken Pakoras - Chicken Tikka Masala- Naan- RiceAll dishes were excellent! The food was delivered free of charge to the hotel I was staying at. The lady who took my order and the gentleman who delivered the food were both very pleasant.
The atmosphere is great and the decor is nice as well. Service was average and staff was nice. We had the crab appetizer that was good. For our mains we ordered the chicken saag which was a bit more sauce based than I usually get but still good and the hara Maas which was pretty good. The breads were delicious. Overall, I wouldn't say it's one of the best I've had in the New York area but definitely flavorful and tasty food.
Truly exceptional Indian food and a neighborhood gem! Really a big fan of the pre fixe special. I typically order the chicken tikka masala or the dal makhani at least once a week. The appetizers and Naan truly round out the whole experience and keep me coming back regularly. 5 stars for the great value & delicious food!
Went in here for a quick meal on my way out of NYC. Place was absolutely empty (I came at a strange time) but they managed to serve me a decent meal. Server was friendly and quick. Mango lassi was a little more sour than I'm used to.
I've been here twice now and the food doesn't disappoint. In terms of appetizers - Chicken Chat is the way to go. It's flavorful and big enough for 4 people to share comfortably, though you may end up ordering another plate of it. The samosas are alright, and the chicken pekoras are basic. The naan, like the chicken chat, is a must. It's fresh, buttery, and nicely charred in all the right places. As for the main dish, the Chicken Vindaloo was good, but not impressive enough for me to order it again. I'll likely return here again and explore more items on the menu.As for the decor - it's on the darker side, simple, and elegant. The bathroom needs an upgrade. The service is always great and attentive. Overall, I'd say it's a reliable spot for good Indian food.
Food was great and delivered on time. The pre fix is a great deal for $15 and we loved the naan. Thumbs up
The food wasn't terrible but not great either but the bad rating is coming from the fact that I found a clay shard in my food. If it was a tiny little piece I would let it go but there was two large chunks of it that I spit out, which is completely unacceptable and unsafe for your customers. Definitely not ordering from here again.
Awful dining experience. Not sure if it's just one chef in the back, but there's just one server and it took over an hour and a half to bring the food out. She took our order and then came back about 45 minutes to take the order again. We just sat and sat and sat. It was ridiculous especially with all the competition around.. this place has potential but the current set up isn't working for them. Everyone was just waiting for a long time while just one table was being served all night. I wouldn't come back. As for food quality.. doesn't cut it.
To start this review off, I would start by saying that I already want to come back again. To have the choice of how spicy I want my food is new to me. Everything was fresh, delicious and even more great cause I used a groupon!To have an outdoor and indoor dining is a first for me. The servers and chefs were very very humble and willing to serve. They asked how the food was and paid more mind to me than many many other restaurants that have more involved in it. I'm not an uptight person about reviews unless service was just horrible. I am not a person that desires to look at the world with a bitter lens, so I will pull the great out of things and put forth my suggested areas of improvement. The experience was great. Everything was clean, as the A from the department of health can say the same. If the outdoor area had as much thought to it as the indoor then that would be great. It was decorated well. Overall, I would visit here again. But I'll need a wheelchair - somehow that food just does the job!
Vindaloo, often regarded as a fiery spicy dish, and in my case the spicier, the better.Well, in Saffron's case, the sweeter, the better. In addition, the 'meal' I received, and I use that term lightly, had 4 pieces of chicken in it and mostly all potatoes. It had no heat whatsoever and I woke up this morning with horrible pain in my abdomen. Stay away. There are other options in Astoria that are far better.
Came here again last weekend for like my umpteenth time...so bumping it up to a 4. It's a solid four. Service here has definitely slipped since they last opened and I also miss my regular waiter although the new one we've been having is a doll and I know he tries but it was empty the time we were here...still, 4 stars.Their food is so, so, so delicious. My boyfriend's food still wasn't spicy despite him requesting it to be as spicy as they can possibly muster. He asked for hot sauce and he sludged it all over his "spicy" chicken tika masala. I tried it, and yes folks it was deliciously un-spicy.Now kids, I don't do spicy so I love this place. I've even already forgiven them for the travesty that was my birthday dinner. The food here is so savory, delicious and they do a great job of using delicious spices, combining awesome flavors and their presentations are truly so enjoyable and hard to not photograph before I eat it all up as if I've never eaten before...go peep my 42 PHOTOS OF SAFFRON FOOD ON YELP if you want visual proof :).Do not come here if you want your face burned off with spicy food, do come here if you like your food mild or with a slight (seriously, EVER so slight) kick. I still love you Saffron and your 30% lunch deals are fantastic. Also, bring back the complimentary bread pudding - I don't like anyone else's bread pudding...in Queens at least...but yours {3.
The ambiance is just wonderful. The restaurant is comfortable and nicely decorated. However the food is extremely bland and among the worst I've had. I've been here twice and it was just a bland both times. The chicken tikka masala was mediocre compared to all other places (Ghandi and Namaste are much better and just a few blocks away). The chicken biryani was very dry and did not taste the way it's supposed to. The crab kofta didnt taste like crab, but like a poorly done tuna fish kebab. The mango lassi was very good but that isn't a reason to dine here. Overall, love the ambiance of the restaurant (which is why I came a second time) but the food was below average both times. I will not be coming back here again.
I truly enjoyed my meal and experience. Food was delicious and fresh. The service was quick and done with a smile and kindness. The atmosphere is also pleasant.
My friends came across a Groupon so we decided to stop in. Glad we did, we'll all be going again! Their prefixe is a better deal than the Groupon (we didn't think check before we went) they didn't give us a hard time about the Groupon which happens sometimes. The food was all great, good portion size, delicious flavors. I highly recommend the bel poori. Our group had mixed reactions to the spice level, which is personal and had nothing to do with the restaurant but if you don't tolerate spice well definitely ask for the regular or mild. Or ask for dishes that aren't spicy (there are plenty of options). If you do like spicy food, like me, then you'll likely find it mild. The flavor was still great so I didn't mind not having it spicy. You will probably need the app and entree unless you eat light, or at least naan and entree. There are a lot of vegetarian options so I will definitely come back. The only reason I gave it 4 not 5 stars was because the service was a bit slow/off. There were only 6 other people besides us and only 2 were there at the same exact time, the others were in the midst of their meals when we sat down and it still took an unusually long time to get our apps. They did serve papadum and some great sauces so that helped. I would still check it out again and hope the service improves.
We were a group of 5 and looking at the high reviews, thought of trying this place out. They had a nice little patio, and the weather was good to sit outside. No one was in the patio so we asked the hostess if we can sit in the garden area, and she guided us. Next, she gave us an option to select either of the corner tables and we selected one cozy little comfortable corner.Within a few minutes we realized, there were mosquitoes attacking us left, right and center. We requested the hostess if she could spray a bug repellant or anything she could do to keep the bugs away. The answer was a brutal,  monosyllabic no. We asked, if she could give us inside seating. No! I told you not to sit outside. Duh? When??Fair enough, how about food? Ordered appetizers (Chicken Achari and Malai Kabab). Both tasted exactly the same I.e. achari and weren't that good at all. For entrées we ordered Butter Chicken and Kerala Pepper Chicken. The butter chicken was good but the Kerala pepper chicken was horrible. We ordered Garlic Nan (again, horrible).The portions are perfect for 1 entrée 1 person. Cannot share.Overall, not a good experience. Quite disappointing!
I LOVE SAFFRON! I'm so happy to have found this place, they are my go to! I always get the pre fixe for dinner with Vegetable Samosas and Channa Masala. The pre fixe gets you an appetizer, an entree, and a good helping of naan with dipping sauces all for around $15. The channa masala is warm, well cooked, and not overly sweet. The samosas are huge and delicious. This is definitely my go-to place to order from when I know I'm hungry and just want to eat some that'll fill me up. It hits the spot every time!
Too sweet for us, wish it was more straight curry and less toned down. Nice staff taking our orders on the phone though.
Had a groupon deal for Indian so went for dinner on a Sunday evening. Groupon deal includes one starter, two dinner entrees, and two glass of wines. For starter, had the crave cake.  Entrees were the Chicken Marsala and the Crab both were tasty but Chicken Marsala was much better.  Mainly Southern Indian food. Wines not great so manager exchanged for better glass of white wine. Also had garlic naan breads not included in Groupon plus free mango ice-cream that were great. Location is not the best as it's not in central Astoria. Will try a place closer to the main area next time I visit.
If you enjoy two hour long dinners, then Saffron is for you. Although the food was delicious and we made the use of our Living Social deal, Saffron is in desperate need of more help. From start to finish, my entire meal lasted about 2 hours and 20 minutes on a Thursday night around 8PM. Would've been 4 stars, but seriously... Welcome to New York. There's no room here for dinners that take up precious sleep time.
stopped by here based on ratings. Naan was perfection. Everyone keeps raving about the "crunchy naan" really called Papadi that's given out with 2 "sauces" actually called chutney and yeah they are good I just had to include the names bc ppl on here were calling them all kinds of craziness. Oh yeah cheese naan is EVERYTHINGNot sure why everything is on the sweeter side but it's probably bc it's not completely authentic Indian. Had shrimp Briyani which was good but it had raisins in it? Say what? Lol I have a Pakistani family and I've never had raisins in any kind of rice that's not afghani food lol so not authentic but good and different. Chicken tikka masala was on the sweet side also but I guess it was ordered mild so they assumed nonindian people mild lol. Our door seating was pretty and comfy. Cool spot that actually cares about ambiance so that is deserving of most stars bc let's face it Indian restaurants are tragically grotesque when it comes to the decor. So yeah it's worth it if you aren't a stickler for "authentic" Indian
This review is for delivery. I have ordered from Saffron a handful of times. Their delivery service is pretty quick. The first few times I was quite pleased with the value and quality of the food; however, two times in a row, my muligatawny soup arrived with the lid broken and more than half the soup spilled in the bag. The first time this happened, I was promised a refund which I never received; when it happened again last night, I was accused of lying that I never got the first refund, and when my soup replacement arrived, the delivery man would not hand it over until we showed him the broken lid! The replacement was also very watery. I will not be ordering from this restaurant again.
One of the few Indian restaurants that have an outdoor patio! Yes, they have beautiful seating outside in their backyard. The place is spacious, nicely done and reasonable priced. We ordered Malai Kofta, Chana Saag with Garlic Naan and Lachcha Parantha. The curries comes with a huge portion of Rice. The food was tasty especially the Lachcha parantha. Plus the outdoor seating really made the dining experience amazing!!
Got a Groupon and was quite impressed.  The waiter and waitress are very lovely human beings who are not pushy or ones to impose their opinions. The outside garden is peaceful while the inside is very elegantly decorated.  One other aspect I appreciated about the restaurant is how the music is authentic yet not overly loud.  You could actually carry on a conversation.The saffron lamb with minced cashews and pineapple was a very interesting dish whose spices were well blended while the tandoori clay chicken had a different texture that others I've tried.Nice peaceful place and parking is probably not as bad as the more congested areas of 31st St and 30th Ave. PS The waitress is an incredibly loving and beautiful woman. The waiter is a bona fide gentleman who also exudes warmth.  I like warm people.
First time delivered at this place.It took almost 60 min on a Friday night. But they got the orders correct and everything is still hot. Pretty good.
I had difficulty with my delivery but they handled it well with good communication. The food was good! Tikka massala was tender and tasty, chana saag was good but it could've used a bit more chick peas. The green spicy sauce they provided complemented the chana saag well.
The chicken tikka masala is a classic and the sauce has improve greatly... Now I feel like I'm eating on Lexington but in my home neighborhood. Added garlic nan because... Well you got to. The delivery was super quick too... Under the estimated Seamless time!Great authentic Indian!
Great food, wonderful ambiance and simple. The service is very kind and watchful; if you need anything they are ready to help. The clay plates take a while, but worth the wait! The Naan is amazing and a must every time I eat here.
Came here with a great Groupon, which we usually don't go for because it included wine, when we'd always rather have food or the Groupon to just be cheaper. That being said, they weren't super strict and gladly honored our requests for a soda and mango lasse instead. This obviously makes sense since those drinks are cheaper than wine, but I've been to places that won't budge out of their Groupon rules.ANYWAY, the waiters checked on us multiple times, but not in an annoying way. While small, the restaurant had a surprisingly nice interior decor / ambiance. Will come back.Keep up the great deals and attentive wait staff, guys!
My wife and I just love this restaurant! The food is extremely delicious and the staff is extremely kind and nice. We often order food for delivery as well as we eat there. And, by the way, the prices are great.Highly recommended!E & N
I was waffling between 3 and 4. The food is solid, the prices are good, and the service is top notch. So 4 it is. Great little Indian spot on Skillman. Some of the food can get legitimately spicy (in a good way), and the portions are well sized. We come back every so often. There's better Indian food over in Jackson Heights, but convenience wins here.
I ordered delivery via Seamless and was really happy that the food came so quickly and very hot. I literally ordered at 9:38pm and the doorbell rang at 10:04pm (I live in Sunnyside). I realize this might be an anomaly but nonetheless, it should be noted.I know there are several mixed reviews on the food but I took a chance and really enjoyed the prix fixe (chicken tikka masala, crab kofta and the dessert). NOTE: Seamless doesn't let you choose the dessert for some reason so I had to call and let them know my selection. My fiance enjoyed the lamb vindaloo (really good spicy kick to it) and we both loved the garlic naan. We'll definitely be coming back here to dine in as the sauces were delicious and would've loved more!
Oh dear! I'm not quite sure where to begin. Better grab a seat folks, this is going to be a lengthy, mixed review!I came here for the first time this past Friday.  All week my friends and I had been incredibly excited about joining our mutual friend here to celebrate her milestone birthday. Friday finally came and I was pumped! I am an avid fan of spicy food - particularly Indian food.  I have eaten at many other Indian food restaurants (the kind where only people of Indian ethnicity go - that's how you know it's good) as well as have home cooked indian food prepared by people straight out of Northern India.  In fact, I am waiting for my Indian food right now as I write this review. As we arrived, I really loved the atmosphere and decor.  Red, modern and cozy until you come out into the backyard - it's as if you stepped out into an entirely different place.  It is not a bad thing by any means but just something I noticed.  We sat down at our table for about 10 or so people and I appreciated how we sat right in the middle of the backyard amongst the lit lanterns, candles and tikki torches on the white picket fence with fun, traditional Indian music playing in the background.We started off our evening ordering several pitchers of red sangria.  As the pitchers arrived, they were filled only half way. More sangria was ordered and it was evident they ran out of pitchers as more sangria was brought out in small tea kettles. Sort of odd how an establishment would run out of pitchers but even more so that the sangria was a bit warm and filled only half way.  The birthday girl pointed this out and the restaurant kindly offered a free bottle of Zombie Zin wine.  The wine was apparently good enough to add to the sangria but it didn't make up for it.After talking and drinking, we were all ready to order.  I shared the Aloo Tikka with Ingrid S. and we both agreed that we were better off ordering this individually or not at all.  It was a potato appetizer which was basically an Indian hash brown that had no taste, though I did dip it in some of the sauces already scattered around the table - from other appetizers friends ordered - and it was pretty good otherwise.  For an appetizer, I ordered the Lamb Vinadloo with Raaita and Naan. I specially told our server that I wanted my LV to be spicy as if the meal itself had come all the way from India and not from Astoria, Queens.  He smiled and I thought we were on the same page until the food arrived.  On top of the sangria episode, this LV and raaita are my reasons as to why I'm giving two stars.  Now I have to give credit where credit is due: the Lamb Vindaloo was delicious, flavorful and had a nice blend of spices however IT WAS NOT SPICY. Now, the raaita was interesting. I have never had it where there was pickled carrots and it had an overall very sweet taste to it. It didn't taste bad but typically the yogurt and cucumber mix isn't too sweet. I tasted my boyfriend's meal and to me, it was very boring, so mild - nothing special at all. However he found it spicy because he never has spicy food - let alone Indian, at all!  My raaita had become charity for his meal. I can safely say you do not need raaita with any of their meals as several of my other spicy friends were disappointed as well that their tongues weren't on fire.  You barely need the naan - which, by the way, was alright I suppose but I did get the garlic rather than the plain naan. Not the end of the world but definitely not what I ordered.  Oh and as the rest of us were eating, Ingrid S. waited a full 10-15 minutes extra for her Lamb Vindaloo as the rest of us ate. Despite the food and beverage experience, I must say that the staff was attentive and I like to think that they all came from a good place.  It's just clear that they don't quite have it all together just yet.I couldn't believe what my experience was like to be honest.  The birthday girl, Stephanie P., was raving about this location for weeks and it's more of a shame that she was let down than her guests but even more so that Saffron did this to themselves.  This really explains the mixed reviews here.  Looking back I remember taking a look at their website with the founder boasting that his establishment "magnifies Indian cuisine" but with a "contemporary twist". Was the contemporary twist supposed to be mild, bland non-spicy food that minimizes Indian cuisine? Apparently so.  I know I appreciate Indian food but I'm not sure if Saffron Indian Cuisine does...
The four stars is for a hard working Moroccan waitress and the food just gets 2 stars.Food took forever. And nothing to write home about. But then, the naan was good. Not Pricey for lunch but the taste needs a kick up or I will think again before going.
BEWARE! I purchased a groupon for this place and at the end of my meal they hit me with a $22 dollar bill. According to the waitress she informed me when I ordered my food that the rice for my entrees would be extra. Me or my wife heard no such thing. If we did hear that we would have not agreed to ordering it. What made matters worse is that i asked another gentleman  that was standing there that looked like the manager. He told us the rice only comes with the entree if you purchase the food there. What kinda shit is that! I walked in with a groupon and wasn't planning on spending more then that. Defeated the whole purpose of going there thinking i was getting a good deal on a meal. All in all i must admit that the food was good and the service was exceptional. I wouldn't go back though. I walked out feeling cheated and tricked into spending more money.
The naan was so soft and tasty. Great service.We started with a kebab appetizer with perfectly seasoned chicken and lamb. Amazing!Dinner was excellent, too. Everything was perfectly cooked. Even the fluffy rice was perfect.The server was very nice. Our glasses were filled throughout the meal. She even helped us with the menu, making recommendations!
I have been here a handful of times and each time I have been happily stuffed with good food.I've had the following here:Chicken Masala - you're standard chicken masala, very flavorful and deliciousChicken Shahi Korma - YUM, very very delicious... however I think the Masala is one up the Shahi KormaChicken Saag - OMG, so good. My favorite here so farTheir garlic naan and regular naan are also great, when you order them the breads come to your table all warm and toasty. Lastly, in each and every visit I have ended my dinner with Gulab Jamun - it's my favorite Indian dessert. Gulab Jamun consists of these sweet, doughy balls bathed in a delicious syrup. They also have groupons/living socials from time to time.
This review is just for delivery, not for a sit down meal.I ordered the crab curry and an order of vegetable samosas. The food came within 40 minutes. So, not a long wait time.Vegetable samosas: crispy, well-seasoned. Crab curry: very bland and with several shell pieces that I bit into. It's not very pleasant to bite into shell... I was quite disappointed with this dish as I had high hopes for something spicy and flavorful...I also hoped to not have any concerns of injury when eating. I won't be ordering that again.
They have great customer service! I had a situation where they had forgot my drink and the manger took care of it right away. Their food is excellent as well. I recommend restaurant to anyone . What a great establishment.
I think if I had eaten here, I would have given this a 4.  As we waited for our takeout to be prepared we commented on how nice the decor/atmosphere is.The dinner special for $13 is a good idea (similar to Seva, but with more options).  We had the veggie samosas (not bad!) and the lentil patties (alright, but nothing special).  For an entree I had potatoes with spinach (tasty, but a tiny bit of a weird texture here and there, and some full herb leaves thrown in) and he had the lamb curry, which I didn't try, but he enjoyed it.  Dessert was the pistachio ice cream (decent) and the rice pudding, which we didn't get to eat because we were so full.  I'd go here again, especially because of how many options are on the prix fixe menu...but I'd dine in to get the full experience this time around.
The service keeps getting to a lower standard. I always order every Saturday from them but they have been forgetting to send complete order since last few times. I called them couple of times n told them about this but they keep repeating the same mistake. Food is not bad but I will stop ordering from them only coz they dun appreciate the business neither learn from the mistakes.
I ordered Chicken Vindaloo from them, which took more than an hour and a half to arrive with no apology or explanation. The chicken they used was nasty, gristly stuff, in a sauce that looked more akin to an unfortunate encounter between a rock and an oil tanker than something I'd want to eat.Avoid this place - it's gross.
Groupon brought me here and it was a great deal! The groupon was $23 for one appetizer, two entrees and two glasses of house wine. For the appetizer, we had a crab kofta which was basically crab cakes.The crab cakes were a little bit on the burnt side but overall taste was pretty good. For the entrees, I had the shrimp saag which was amazing. If you've had palak paneer in the past (spinach cooked in creamy sauce), shrimp saag is essentially palak paneer add shrimp. The only negative of my dish was that a few of my shrimp still had their skin and tails on. My husband had the Goa shrimp, it was good but not better than my shrimp saag. There was only one server at the time, the restaurant was pretty empty for a Friday night. Service was okay. The outdoor dining area was closed since it's October in NYC. Will come back in the spring/summer and dine in their patio.
For appetizer I ordered saffron coconut sea scallops and Lamb Rogan Gash for the main dish, as always,  they never disappoint me. The best!  Don't forget the garlic Naan of course.  Also if you here in the summer go out to their backyard.  Great for birthday parties.
My review may be a little amateur because it was the first time eating Indian cusine, so I didnt know what to expect and dont have anything to compare it to. Had a groupon deal, 2 glasses of wine, 2 entrees, and 1 appetizer.  Appetizer -Crab Kofta (taste nothing like crab, taste more like salmon croquettes) nothing special at all. Entrees-  Shrimp Curry and Goat Curry. Both dishes were ok, nothing to brag about. I actually preferred the Goat, but you got less meat than the shrimp. The food was more than enough to fill you.Naan- Cheese naan was actually the best thing we ordered. The only thing that I didn't like was the bottom was a little burnt.Wait Staff- A little slow and we were the last people in their before closing. Didn't bring cold water (it was warm, room temp. unusual never been to a restaurant that brought warm water). The flat bread they brought to the table when we first sat down was unedible.
Best Indian food ever!! Actually, best FOOD ever! Quiet and peaceful and relaxing with a cheap and delicious lunch buffe. Sweet service. I want to go everyday!
I've ordered from here several times to get their pri fix deal which is AWESOME! I love Indian food but find that its usually pretty expensive once you add up that samosa that you know you want, entree, and naan.. so the fact that they give you a great deal for everything (ton of food) makes it one of my go tos. I typically always ask for whatever I get to be made mild because they are quick with the spice, but nothing has been super spicy for me. The naan is delicious and fluffy. The kebab appetizer was a little greasy, but I think part of that is getting it delivered. Definitely going to keep ordering from here!
I haven't tried much Indian food but this place makes me want to explore it more. They had a great dinner special for 2: 1 appetizer, 2 entrees (few restrictions), some rice and naan. We started off with Indian version of chips and salsa. Papadum, a thin dough that seemed to have been toasted to perfection, with a side of green and red sauce... AMAZING! We then proceeded to get our appetizer, chicken and lamb kabob...AMAZING! The lamb was great but the chicken was truly perfection. Next was our entrees with rice and naan. We decided to get some chicken plate (sorry I forgot what it's called) and shrimp curry and sample off each other's plates. Once again ... AMAZING! Yet again the chicken outshines the other but the shrimp was also great. Rice was beautifully cooked and naan was tip-top! Overall... You guessed it... AMAZING. I also have to give huge props to our waitress. She made the experience that much more pleasant. Great smile, very attentive, outstanding service. This is a must if you are ever in this part of town... Scratch that... If ever in NYC.
Really good food! Great tikka masala and chicken biriyani !It was a great groupon deal, they let substitute wine for beer .
Indian cuisine is on my list of go-to food when I'm looking for something to eat, and I have to say this place doesn't disappoint. I've eaten at the restaurant a number of times and have also ordered via Seamless. Usually I get the saag gosht, but I've also had their lamb briyani, chicken tikka masala and yellow tadka daal. I've also had quite a few of their different naans and all have been fantastic.Eating at the restaurant is great! As others have mentioned, the wait staff is super friendly, and they have a patio which is fun during the summer. They do allow you to choose the level of spiciness you want, which works great for me and my S.O. since I LOVE spicy food and he does not. It's definitely not "traditional" Indian food, but it sure is tasty. Also, my S.O. always orders coconut naan, even though it's not really on the menu, and they always accommodate his request without any issue. Also, portions are a good size, so if we each order an entree with some naan, we'll have enough for lunch the following day!One thing to note - if you're ordering take out, MAKE SURE YOU SPECIFY HOW SPICY YOU WANT THE FOOD. If you don't, they just assume you want it "mild". I made this mistake once and the food was so bland and disappointing- since then, I've made sure to specify that I want it spicy and I've never been disappointed since!Overall, this place is tasty, and is on my regular rotation of restaurants I go to. I hope they continue to receive good reviews and stay open! It's always nice to see local businesses thrive. If you're in the area and are craving Indian, give this place a try!
Saffron is perhaps the best Indian restaurant in the Astoria/Long Island City area and is certainly my favorite. I have been to Saffron several times in the past year and their service and menu is the best I have seen outside the UK for a Queens based Indian eatery. My favorite on the menu is the lamb korma and the kormas on the menu never seem to disappoint. In the summer sit by the open air windows on Broadway.. Sure the street view, if not much to see, but hey I only come here to .at a hearty Indian meal.A must for any foodie who plans to visit Astoria.BON APPETIT
Great service. Probably some of the best Indian food I've had in NY. The mango Lassi is huge and delicious and their Chicken Tikka Masala is banging. The hubs ordered the Chefs Shrimp Curry and loved it! I will definitely return.
Food was appetizing. Server was extremely kind and attentive. The restaurant was cold...because once you begin eating you would immediately warm up. Food was extremely spicy. I ordered a vegetarian medium spiced dish but I should have known it would be super spicy because it's Indian cuisine. Beware order mild if unsure. I enjoyed my visit here.
Got a Groupon here, and decided to go to dinner with my boyfriend who LOVES Indian food...it's his favorite! The atmosphere is cozy, well-decorated, and chic. A smaller, narrow place that provides for an intimate experience. It was a little weird that the lights kept going from really low to really high. When we asked why this was, the waitress said, 'We are having an issue with our dish washing machine." Mmm k...didn't know that those two were connected. Whatevvs. Waitress was very sweet and patient. We ordered the vegetable samasos and crab kofta as appetizers. I really kept wanting to eat more of these, but for my personal taste, was too spicy to even enjoy. My BF who is more experienced in this food said it was very good. We ordered naan with two different sauces, while the sauce was still spicy, it was enjoyable and addicting! For dinner, my boyfriend ordered the chicken tikka masala, which is usually his favorite Indian dish. I did not try his, but he said it was not the best he had, and while it was OK, it was not that great. I had the chicken shahi korma. I LOVED IT! While I had to pace myself, again because of the spice, it was so delicious. Would definitely love to come back here again. We washed this all down with some wine and beer, of course! I enjoyed the variety in their menu, and I would say my first experience with Indian food was a great one. Would not hesitate to come here again!
My wife loves this place, but I'd put this at 3.5 since they aren't exactly consistent with their food yet... But the lunch special is amazing... So much food (a real size naan in a lunch special?!) Recommended vs most other places in Astoria.  I find seva slightly expensive
Where do I begin? The service was absolutely horrible. The waitress did not seem familiar with the menu and forgot what we ordered several times. In addition, one of us ordered a dish which we ended up sending back due to allergies (the ingredients for which we were not informed of earlier) and the waitress took it back but was not apologetic in any way. She did not even say as much as a "Sorry for the inconvenience." However, the food was decent. The naan were really dry but the butter chicken and tandoori wings were really good!
Second Time ever eating Indian FoodThe Coconut Tomato Soup was amazing and so was the basic Chicken Tikka.  Staff was nice and service was good.
OMG. Their Biriyani is to die for! It's so fragrant and tasty. Also, I love their bread basket. My favorite has to be the naan with he nuts and raisins. It's like dessert! I also ordered the Malai Kofta. The veg balls were hearty and the sauce was well seasoned and not too bland like I find it in other places. I would come here over and over again just for the biriyani though. I have cravings for it all the time now.
I bought the $25 meal for 2 on Groupon, went there, totally loved it! The appetizer is the crab cake, a little bit too small, but good taste, I can literally see the crab meat in it,  then we ordered the lamb and chicken, I for got the chicken dish's name, but it's AMAZING!! The tomato taste like sauce is totally my top 1 indian dish now, love it!!The only thing is it's so cold there!! Cold breeze keeps coming in and cool down the whole room. they should have an extra door outsideIn general, it's all good, will come back again!
The service here is AMAZING!! Safial is the best!! He went the extra mile to make sure we were comfortable even though we had a Groupon deal.  We ate outside and everything was beautiful, it felt like we were in India. I loved it here! Will definitely return!!!
One of the best Indian Restaurants in Astoria Queens. The food is delivered on time and as described and I would suggest this as a must have for any Indian who wants to have that spicy Indian taste to their food. Wonderful stuff!!
Well, I'm writing my first review from my cellphone because someone is still in their apartment down the block and I'm stuck waiting at Spumoni. ... On time. Not the worst place to be stuck waiting but still. Getting to Saffron- we had Steph P's bday dinner here last night. I don't know where to begin with my disappointment. Lets start with how small their potato fritter app is. There are 2 pieces. For 2 people that are starving I found that stupid. What was more stupid was my damn lamb vindaloo. I asked for so spicy that it came out of India. I asked for it to be heat spicy hot to the point that I'm weeping and need to be carried home. My food not only came last, I had to wait personally ten minutes after everyone else was served, but it wasn't spicy at all. I didn't even need to eat rice with that tomato glop. The lamb was just ok. I've had better. This was not the only disappointment. They also failed to fill all of our pitchers of sangria full way. They were half full glasses. They even acknowledged their mistake and offered an on the house bottle of wine, mostly I think because it was her birthday. Guys, guys, this is not preparing me for the bricklane curry challenge. Fail all the way. Now that I've got that off my chest I'm going to be full of respite in my borough.
Placed a Take-Out order from here last night. It was an impromptu dinner choice by myself and my fiance. I was impressed with the flavor of the entrees. They have an amazing Prix-Fixe deal. $13 for 1 app, entree, Naan, Rice & Raita and dessert. It's really a great deal. However, the next time I go I will opt for some the pricier items on the menu. I noticed they had a rack of lamb for $19... that's a GREAT price!Customer Service was AWESOME!! I'm not sure if the young man my fiance I and were talking to was the owner or manager, regardless he was an extremely nice guy! Customer Service: 5 STARS!!!For the food:My fiance ordered:App: Vegetable SamosasEntree: Malai KoftaDessert: Gulab JamunI ordered: App: Mixed PakoraEntree: Lamb CurryDessert: KheerLet me start out by saying their Raita is AMAZING!!! Probably the best I've ever had.I'll start out with the appetizers: The Veggie Somosa were good. They were on the milder side, but I tend to lean towards spicier food. Two came in the order, which is pretty generous when you think about the Prix Fixe price. They were fried nicely, crispy, and not greasy. I enjoyed these.The Mixed (Vegetable) Pakora left a lot to be desired. There were 4 pieces of the container, but I honestly could not discern what kind of vegetable any of the pieces I tried were. They were fried to a crisp. Surprisingly not burnt, but the vegetables on the inside were dry and brittle. I had a couple bites and was done. :D The Entrees:The Malai Kofta was delicous. The texture of the dumplings were perfect! Light, delicate, yet substantial. The sauce was great as well. It had an amazing sweetness to it. Both my fiance and I agreed that we would have liked it a little spicier, but we'll just order it "spicy" next time. The lamb curry was delicious!!! Once again I would have prefered some more heat, but it was really good. Each piece of lamb was tender, juicy, and flavorful. The sauce was really good. The Desserts:The Gulab Jamun was good. We were both disappointed that only 1 piece came, but for the price we can't complain. It was delicious. Light, yet creamy, and a nice hint of clove and cardamom in it's "juice".The Kheer was just okay. It had some bits of orange rind in it, which I wasn't that fond of. All in all, it was a great meal at a great price. I took off 1 star for the Pakora (that was hard to eat). But i definitely plan on returning here. Great customer service, great food, some minor issues. But I'll be eating here again, very soon!!! I also wanted to mention they have a huge outdoor seating area in the back. This can definitely make for a nice venue for planning a birthday dinner/party.
Everything was so delicious! The shrimp biryani had tons of shrimp and flavour. Saiful was an amazing server- very helpful and attentive. The backyard was beautiful and so nice in the summer. Relaxing and delicious meal.
Inexpensive but the quality of food is poor.  Overall the food was tasteless and underwhelming.Chicken Kardai was swimming in the Tikka Masala sauce, whatever it was, it was not Chicken KardaiChickpeas masala were made in the same sauceYellow dal was completely watery, it wouldn't even qualify as a lentil soup, it was just yellow waterBrown dal had kidney beans in it, really?Naan was atrocious - parts undercooked dough, parts so thin and crispy it was more like a tasteless cracker, there was no ghee on that naan at allRasmalai was acceptableEverything lacked spice and flavor.We will not eat here again.
Yelp didn't steer me wrong with this one! :0)My boyfriend and I have been on an Indian food craze as of late.. We found this place on yelp and decided to give it a shot.. My expectations for this place was not very high since we also visited another 4 star Indian restaurant which was pretty disappointing.. The place itself is pretty small compared to what I imagined..but they do have an outdoor patio area which is pretty cool.. We ordered the tandoori meat appetizers.. Oh my, all the meats were so tender and full of flavor.. Usually I'm pretty weary about ordering shish kebab style meats (esp. Chicken) since they always seem to come out dry.. But no, everything was so juicy and delicious.. This appetizer is a must try!We also ordered the chicken tikka and the lamb vindaloo.. Omg again the meats were cooked to perfection.. The vindaloo was the best of the two.. Such delicious dishes.. I'm craving it again.. The chicken tikka sauce is okay.. But the chicken in the dish came out really good..We ordered cheese naan.. Mm I could do without that next time.. The bread itself was good but I was expecting gooey cheese in the middle but it turned out to be flat flaky cheese.. It was hard tell there was cheese in it.. We will probably try a different flavor naan next time..Overall, the food here is pretty good.. And it will definitely leave you satisfied and stuffed! This place is a must try
Prix Fixe deal is great! It was recently changed where you cannot select a dessert and they just have 1 dessert option (rice pudding) but it's all still yummy!
"Cooking is like love. It should be entered into with abandon or not at all". -Harriet van HorneA good quote to describe this restaurant!This is easily 4 and a half stars. At least!Why not 5? I do not award 5 stars easily or on the first visit. I do not always review upon the  first  visit. But it was so good that there was no reason to wait! The 5 star  rating system  is neither useful funny or cool! Most people do not have time to read the reviews and only look at the star ratings. That  can be misleading.The decor, service and food were exceptional!There is an outdoor garden  and the front of the restaurant is open. It was too windy to sit in the outdoor garden for my tastes so we sat in the front of the open air restaurant .The restaurant is large but cozy. Possibly the best all around Indian food  we have had in the outer boros!The service was over the top. I am  allergic to Mango and I do not like the other flavors they had listed on the menu of drinks. So I asked is there any way you can make me a home made Strawberry Lassi?  They said yes and  they did!  It tasted like a Strawberry ice cream smoothie! We had cheese Nan and  ordered it with extra cheese!This is what it says on their web site regarding the cuisine. "The motivation behind creating a restaurant like Saffron is to present traditional Indian dishes with contemporary twists to New York's Crowd." There is a dining  special that comes with a complimentary glass of wine! qgazette.com/news/2013-0…Because they have a garden (as I said earlier) in the  back and serve alcohol , and  the restaurant  has a classy vibe it seems like a nice place to have a large party and that is hard to find anywhere in the 5 boros.The prices are reasonable, the food, decor and service are superb.The menu is unique. (Everything they have is not on the menu but ask for it and they might make it for you if it is not on the printed menu.) But they have unique menu items that I have not seen on any other menu in the  5 boros  such  as Crab Kofta .Jumbo lump crab-meat sauteed in a chili and tamarind sauce, served with chickpeas )You can't go wrong here!allmenus.com/ny/queens/3… PS- I see several  people clicked funny it must be the same   people giving them low reviews. Disregard those reviews they are obviously from competition restaurants.
I love this place!!!  The food is delicious and reasonably priced!!  The decor is very nice and the staff/waitresses are always so nice and welcoming!!  We have even ordered over the phone for take out and it's as still amazing!!!This has become our favorite Indian restaurant.  You will not regret anything that you order from Saffron!
Definitely a go to spot! The food and service is superb. A must try for sure  even when I ordered for delivery I got it on time, no long waiting. It's worth it!
Very good indian restaurant! The service was really good with very attentive waiters . The food was very tasty, and the portions are quite big.
Its been 3.5 hrs since I ordered from here and now I would have to reorder because they cant send liquid food properly. The first delivery was in a lunch box inside a plastic bag. The plastic bag was all torn and retied (due to rubbing against wheels I think). i could see the black marks and the tear on the bag. Inside the lunch box had opened, the rice and curry were mixed and had spilled in the plastic bag.I called them up and told them about the problem. They quickly agreed to resend the box which was nice. But, alas, it was the same carrier and the same problem again. this time they used 3 plastic bags and all 3 had been torn and had black tire marks around them. The lunch box was again open and everything had spilled in the inner package.  When I called them, they said they would cancel the order. seriously?!! After making me wait for 3 hours for my lunch? What does it take to use a simple duct tape or something to ensure that the lunch doesn't spill out and ask the carrier to carry it such that the bike tires don't rub against the bag constantly and tear holes in it? Bad customer service all around!!!
I came here and got the chicken tikka masala and it was way too sweet. The garlic naan wasn't very garlicky however the vegetable samosa was pretty good.
My boyfriend I and ordered take-out. We got naan bread, chicken tikka masala, and the chicken korma. Everything was amazing! We ordered our dishes medium spicy and they were so delicious! This is the best Indian food in Astoria...so flavorful! We've been disappointed by many Indian restaurants around here where we ended up feeling dissatisfied and felt like we wasted money..Indian food isn't cheap! So far Saffron doesn't disappoint!Saffron's prices are average for Indian food, but on the cheaper side compared to other places around here. I can't rave about the flavor enough... Beyond tasty! And we even have leftovers! :)I can't wait to get it again...maybe next time we'll dine in. Beautiful decor and ambience. We are really excited to finally have great Indian food in Astoria and right at the end of our block!
Came here with a Groupon. Left wanting more. I'm a big fan of curry so my standards are pretty high with that. The lamb curry -- out of this world. I could taste a wide variety of herbs and spices used but it didn't overpower the fact that it was still curry. Simply incredible. My SO ordered the coconut chicken which was also very delicious. And the mango lassi....yum. Loved it.
Excellent food and nice ambience! A must-try if you're in the neighborhood. My boyfriend and I split a thali combo with lamb curry and an eggplant dish, plus an appetizer of coconut saffron scallops.The thali combo comes with fluffy naan, rice, raita, and your choice of a meat and veggie entree in small bowls. The lamb curry was wonderfully spiced--not overpowering, but with a little kick. The eggplant had a nice texture and good flavor.One of the managers forgot to included a dessert menu in the printing process so he kindly comped us a rice pudding. I could have eaten 5. The staff was so earnest and eager to please.We'll be back!*definitely try the scallops
Alright this place is one of my favorites by far!! It's hard to see an Indian restaurant truly feel and taste authentic, like the food people really cook at home or on the streets of Bombay!  This place hit it on all cyclinders!! The decor doesn't really speak Indian but the aroma on its own let's you know something good is brewing in that kitchen. It was dead when we went in which didn't bother us cause it was the day after Thanksgiving and didn't expect it to be. None the less we were greeted like any customer should be on any given day. Waitress was nice and friendly, and the place was comfortable. Now forget all that and let's get to the food. We ordered about 6 dishes, 3 appetizers and 3 entrees, every thing was great! They had parata, don't know if that's the correct name but is almost something we only see in India or at my parents house. Best way to describe would be elephant ear made with whole wheat and no powder sugar with an indian touch, so good!! Then the samosas and the chaat, the dips and relishes! Then we ordered the lamb, biryani, and the masala! And to finish it off the Chai tea. There was nothing to complain about nothing!! I couldn't be forced to pick something cause even thinking about something to see if I could down play it would only remind me how good it tasted and then make me automatically throw it off the list! Long story short if your looking to fill your craving, just go here and realize every Indian dish you ate before was a vague and horrible attempt to mimic this amazing cuisine!! Honestly I question if my mom is really Indian after eating here!!
I saw the sign for a pre fixe with app, main course, and dessert.  I went ahead and ordered from the menu when I got home and it said go to their website for 10% off.  Website isn't up yet, but it redirects you to a place where you can.  Turns out the pre fixe doesn't work online.Called up and ordered.  You don't get to pick dessert, chicken is extra.  Ok.  Food finally arrives and the delivery person has no change.  Fine.  Keep it all I'm hungry.I crack into the relatively flavorless food and skim along the two dishes before dessert.  As I'm getting ready to hopefully be surprised by the dessert there is no dessert.Needless to say but, never again.
Food is okay, chicken tikka is good. The lunch special is fairly priced. But don't get delivery. They are generally almost always late and in my most recent delivery the chutney spilled all over everything in the bag and they did not include a couple of the usual condiments. When I called to let them know that they should be careful next time, all I heard were excuses about the size of the bags that they use and no apology. I'll be looking elsewhere for my Indian cravings.
Really great Indian in Astoria. This place will definitely become one of my regulars.Get the lamb biryani and the mutter paneer!
Great Indian food! I've tried many in the neighborhood and it's one of the best in Astoria, if not the best. They offer katchori- diced samosas with chickpeas and a symphony of sauces, which is hard to find and super yummy. Also their channa saag! Great experience and food. We do take-out often a lot, but had a great experience having a dinner in their back garden with my parents!
I like their deal of choosing an appetizer along with an entree and their coupon offers are great. I loved the chicken biryani and I've tried different chaats as appetizers and enjoyed them all. I've always been pleased with getting my delivery before the expected arrival time.
Service is great and friendly. Decor is really nice. Food could have been more spicy. A lot more spicy actually. Def try this place out.
I'm a bit of an Indian food connoisseur, so  I was curious when Saffron opened in my neighborhood. First impressions were that the interior and decor is very classy and polished. The staff was very friendly and hospitable, wanting to make things just right for all the customers. The food was, dare I say, was amazing. It was even better than many of Indian restaurants in Manhattan and the East Village. They even have some original creations I've never seen before like the crab curry and scallops. The sauces and seasoning was prepared fresh and exquisitely and you can feel and see the blend of herbs and spices. The lamb chops are the best I've ever had.What really makes Saffron a great find was that many of entrees were much cheaper than Manhattan prices.  If you have lunch there, all entrees are 40 percent off. Its such a steal that its tempting to not eat there everyday.The people who run it are also very generous and kind, always making sure customers are satisfied and ensuring that the food is up to everyone's expectations. For the most part, it surpassed mine. Why go to Manhattan, when you can have some seriously delicious Indian cuisine right here for half the price?
Came here for a post birthday meal with my sister. The service and the prices were excellent, plenty of vegetarian/vegan and gluten free options without sacrificing taste! We will defidently be back!!! Great find in Sunnyside!
We wanted to like it, but subpar food is just that.  2.5 starsSo my GF and I came here on a recent night, looking for our new Indian restaurant in Queens.  The neighborhood doesn't have much in it, so we knew that we'd dine then hit the train back to Long Island City.The restaurant itself is very nice - comfy chairs, but a wobbly/rotating table.  Good decor.Service was underwhelming - very green waitress who didn't really know what she was doing and didn't know the menu.  The man who brought out the food knew his stuff, but she was just really green.The food. . . . our pakoras were more dough than veggies, they were okay but nothing  much to talk about. 3-starsMy Lamb Rogan Josh - the flavor wasn't there, the lamb was overcooked, but I've had worse - 3-starsHer  Buttered Chicken - she said that she could barely eat it, and she's eaten many a buttered chicken, and this was nearly the worst or the worst.  1-star.The naan was fluffy, but we got the Onion Kulcha and the Garlic Naan - both had practically no onion or garlic flavor.  2 stars.Net net, it's a nice looking place with food that doesn't step up.  BYOB is great, but that's gotta end soon I wager.
I just got back from saffron today my experience was decent first the place itself is very nice  it looks like an upscale restaurant beautiful chairs and tables with nice pictures on the walls very clean and welcoming the service was excellent the waitress was very knowledgable on any questions I had but unfortunately the food was mediocre at best deffinetly not on the same level as seva on 30 ave which I frequent often I was disappointed because with such a nice restaurant and service it had a lot of potential
This is my second time here. I came back just for the Sea scallops and Curry Crab. And yessss chile im in heaven! When you first walk in the smell is amazing. Overpowers you in a good way! My boyfriend, who is the most pessimistic eater I know, loved the Chicken shahi koorma. Sucessful date nite! Thanks Safroon!
This is for a delivery order, so I can't say anything about the staff or the decor, etc., perhaps another time.The food was mostly good.  I requested mild (I have a very sensitive, well, everything) but it was still tasty.  The appetizer (palek bhaja) was a bit too greasy and bits tasted fishy, but the chicken korma was perfect.  However, I have an issue with the Pre Fixe - you're supposed to get a 10% discount if you order online, but I couldn't order this online on any device, so I ended up calling it in.  And at the end of the day, I didn't get dessert.  The man I spoke to on the phone wasn't very clear about dessert - not the most communicative person. It's just kind of disappointing - I feel like I didn't really get what I paid for.I'll probably give this place another shot - perhaps I'll try going to the restaurant itself.  But I'm in no rush.
I eat at the other highly rated Indian place nearby but wanted to give this place a try. The lunch delivery took over an hour and the portion was small. I got the Tikka Massala and a naan. total was $18 for lunch!! Furthermore, very bland and tasteless. Sorry but I wouldn't go back here.
Very good food, great service, and ambiance! Highly recommend the chicken tikka masala, and chicken byriani. Highly recommend Saffron!!
Impressed with decor and atmosphere of the restaurant. Ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and it was too sweet tasting for me but with the right amount of spicyness. I ordered the medium and could've actually preferred it more spicier. Would I order that again, no because it's too sweet. Rice was cooked perfectly and enjoyed the fried onions on top. Waitress was a sweetheart.
Simply the best Indian food i've ever had, never disappointed with any of the dishes i've ordered.  I think they opened earlier this year (I've only been here 5-6 times), but each time i've been amazed by the food, environment and service.  On top of all that, prices are fairly reasonable.  Do yourself a favor and drop by Saffron and enjoy the patio in the rear while listening to great indian music.
Kudos - I had the chicken tikka and was satisfied..  We must have been one of the first to order delivery because the manager showed up AT my door...in a SUIT.  Maybe he had a date but that's what I call service!  He must have heard about me and wanted to make a good impression.  :)Items of concern - My wife's chicken was slightly uncooked and we had to throw it out.  Subsequent orderings have been much better though.  They are solid, but I can't pick them over Seva at the moment.  Solid Junior Varsity team.Verdict - It could go either way.  Reluctant W.
REALLY GOOD Indian food in a pleasant atmosphere.  I have been eating Indian food for almost 50 years and to be satisfied with a restaurant I need items on the menu that are not on every other Indian restaurant in town.  Saffron met this requirement.
Came here last night with my boyfriend. Had a Living Social voucher. First of all, they must have been understaffed because it took forever for a waiter to notice us and finally take our order. The food came relatively fast, but our wine didn't arrive until we got our main dishes. Second, our waiter didn't even know what was included in our Living Social deal and kept asking me if it was Groupon, so I had to show it to him over and over again and we almost had a fight when I said that we were supposed to get a desert. He said that desert wasn't included and when I showed him the voucher (101th time), finally brought us our rice pudding (he didn't even give us options). Portions are relatively big, main dishes could be easily split between two people because they bring Naan in addition to rice. They never brought my doggie box and it took them forever to bring us our check. We had to get up and go inside to find our waiter to finally pay. The food was great (I would give it five stars), but the service is horrible!
Love. Definitely a staple. I come here almost weekly with my boyfriend and I like what they've done with the garden out back. I would recommend their chicken and lamb dishes over the seafood. If you're not familiar with Indian cuisine, just as the servers. They're always very kind and helpful.
I have dined at many Indian restaurants in Astoria, and have always come away disappointed (too spicy, too bland, too fishy, too sweet, etc.).  I tried Saffron when it first opened up, and it is by far the best Indian food I have had!  I have a teenage daughter who I brought to the other restaurants trying to expand her taste buds, and each time she begged me "No More Indian....I hate it!"  Well...if she wants to eat...she has to come along.  We tried Saffron, and she BEGS me to take her there for dinner whenever we have the chance.  The food is perfectly delicious.  We started out with our favorites at first (Chicken Biryani and Chicken Tikka Masala)....creatures of habit, I suppose.  You can request hotter dishes to be made mild...and vice-versa (although I lean towards the mild side).  The beautiful hostess, always welcomed us warmly each time we dined, and suggested we try different dishes, so we started to expand our horizons.  No matter what we order, our food is delicious!  It's been a wonderful experience for both my daughter and I, and glad she finally opened herself up to explore different options.
Awful experience.  Delivery was supposed to be to me by 5:45, arrived over 45 minutes late (almost 2 hours after I placed my order).  Nothing but excuses over the phone and refused to refund any of my money (I had placed a BIG order mind you).  Everything I ate was either overly salty or sweet.  Did not appreciate finding chicken bones in one dish which was meant to be boneless.The best part of the meal was the rice.  The other reviews here for the food are quite high, so I suspect the meal was rushed (probably when they realized it had not gone out in time after I called twice.  Somehow the food miraculously arrived to me hot despite the woman on the phone telling me the delivery had gone out a half hour before it actually arrived).   Clearly this institution does not appreciate their customers enough to know how to remedy a bad situation/mistake on the restaurant's part.  I will not be ordering again.
A big DONT!  DONNTTT get takeout from here the delivery man will try and guilt you into giving him more money.  He literally counted out the money I gave him which is really weird bc it was clearly more than the billed amount which made me think maybe I gave him the wrong amount.  Then he tells me $4 tip? but I came from all the way up there! "All the way up there," is apparently .8 of a mile because my phone tells me thats the distance from the place.  I said sorry and closed the door.  I had actually anticipated this bc another reviewer warned me about the delivery guy complaining about the tip he was given.  I should have given him nothing bc that is completely ludicrous.  Also considering the price of the meal was $15 how much do you expect? $4 is completely  adequate and generous.  As someone who works for tips myself I was shocked and appalled that someone would be so nervy as to complain about an inadequate tip. SO uncomfortable!! This was my first and last time ordering from this place.  As for the food itself, if it was really that good I might have even reordered from there in hopes that I may get a more appropriate delivery man, but the food wasnt even very good. Completely Mediocre. The nan was decent.  The chicken Korma was very dry.  The only saving grace was the samosa appetizer which was actually very well made and tasty.  They did give you a nice amount of food but whats the diff if its not very good?  Waste of $20.  Very dissapointed.
It's been over two years, so time for an update- five stars. LOVE this place. Definitely my pick for best Indian food in Astoria. We had some upset tummy issues the first time we came here in early 2013 but since then we have had no problems whatsoever. I mostly get takeout- order through Seamless, food is ready to pick up about 20 minutes later. I have had no complaints with the service on the times that I've dined in. Their delivery special is great- $14 gets you an appetizer (try the Lahsooni Gobi, YUM!), entree, naan, and dessert (which is a small cup of rice pudding, you don't get to pick). My go-to is the Okra Masala, but everything else I've tried has been great too (I also love their Chana and Dal Saags). They always are amenable to my request for dairy-free dishes (they use oil instead of ghee). I don't do spicy, but my boyfriend does, and the medium is enough for him (the vindaloo was too much!). We order from here about twice a month and it's our most looked forward to takeout/delivery in the area. It's our go-to for when we dine out with people who are vegan and/or gluten-free. Oh, and they have a garden area in the back for when the weather is nice!
Okay, this is my last last review, I promise :). What can I say? This place never disappoints. Everything from the service to the food was excellent. I'll keep going back for the garlic naan. My sisters had the taali dishes. Everyone left happy. Thanks Saffron Indian Cuisine!!!
This is my new favorite Astoria restaurants. The food is fantastic, the service is excellent, and the back garden seating is pleasant. Wine list isn't bad either.I can't believe you people haven't gone!!! So please go so they stay in business but don't go too much so that I ever have to wait! :)
Went there last night. So good, amazing service I think they even stayed open later just for us because we were the only people in the restaurant at that point.
I absolutely love this place!!!My first visit there was with a Groupon.  It was a weekday and the restaurant was empty.  We were greeted and seated.  The waitress was VERY nice.  She explained dishes and made a few suggestions also.  She checked on us quite often without being annoying.  The food was very tasty and I can't find a bad thing to say about.  I thought because the restaurant was not crowded that is why we received such exceptional service.I iked it so much that I returned a few months later on a weekend.  Keeping in mind that it was a Saturday, I thought the service would be lacking.  Even though the restaurant was crowed, we received the same exceptional, warm service as the first visit.I will definitely return to Saffron.  Groupon or not!!
During the spring and summer their back garden area is lovely and quiet. Food is good.
Short Version: Good food, reasonable price, medium portions. Definite keeper!Long Review: Being Indian we usually go to Jackson Heights to buy Indian groceries and have take out from either Jackson Diner or Maharaja (both excellent places).  Being that it was cold and icy we decided to try Saffron tonight instead of driving at night to JH.   After having just eaten my delicious meal I need to tell everyone to support this business.Tonight we had Malai Kofta, Navratna Korma and Naan. It was all tasty and the flavors were well-balanced.  Sometimes Indian food can be too spicy or too creamy (when made in restaurants) and it leaves much to be desired. Tonight's meal felt complete in every sense of the word. The naan was soft, the kofta were tender and the gravy for both dishes were spiced just right.The staff is friendly, from my initial phone call up until leaving the restaurant (even though I did take-out, I observed their interactions with other patrons).The portions are a little smaller than what I normally get at Jackson Diner or Maharaja (including the naan).  I got 1/2 papadum with some chutney and a small serving of rice pudding. Not enough to share with 2 or 3 people but good enough to keep for yourself.Overall I will come here again as my family enjoyed the meal.
Found a hair inside my vegetable samosas. Enough said!And to top it off, they didn't even offer me a refund, they offered me a $5 credit for the next time I ordered...no thank you
Was there for dinner tonight and found the food to be really good!The decor is really nice and they have a back yard which will be nice when the weather gets warmer. You get these roti-like crackers when you walk in with 2 different dipping sauces, which were okay. We ordered the Kebab appetizer, and the grilled chicken breast and lamb was really tasty and juicy. We also ordered the Mulligatawny soup and that was THE BEST PART OF THE MEAL. For dinner we ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Rogan Josh and both were delicious.We didn't get dessert but they brought out a rice pudding on the house and it was delicious. I would order that again. All in all, it was a great meal and service was good. I'm glad to have an indian place within walking distance from my apartment. Welcome to the 'hood!
This place would get 5 stars if the food/service was more consistent. The first few times I came here, I was blown away by their vegetarian options and the quality of the dishes. Great wine selection too. The last time I came here, everything was so so and the service definitely left a bad taste in my mouth. Its not even like the place was packed out, yet our food came out sloppy looking (quality seemed to have dwindled also) and we were left sitting there without a server several times. There may have been another 2 tables besides myself and hubby and it was just all wrong. Hopefully they go back to the way they used to be with top notch Indian dishes and great service
astorias best kept secret. so good i REALLY didnt want to write a review cause i didnt want anyone else to know about my find.  i dream about saffron in my sleep its that good.  my boyfriend and i like not love indian food. now we love it. we've been three times in two weeks.  also for lunch dine in its 40% off!  also they are so sweet and accommodating. AND they have a beautiful garden. brand new place.... check it out but lets not tell everyone ok?
My Friend and I decided to buy a Groupon and give Saffron Cuisine a try.Boy are we happy that we did.Saffron is a hidden Gem in Astoria.The Service was awesome,the decor though humble still had a chic feeling to it.The food was extremely tasty,My friend decided on the chicken tikka and I myself wanted to try the shrimp.We did enjoy every bite from our appetizers to our entrees.I do recommend that you give Saffron a try you will not regret it.
This place was very nice. Wasn't too busy so it was nice and quiet, very friendly staff, zero corking fee on Byob since they are still waiting on liquor license and exceptionally cheap. My fiancé and I be returning!
We just walked in the door from this place- my boyfriend can't reach his shoes to untie them- he weighs 150 lbs... he's just too full.  He ate a bowl of lamb and fire.  I had the paneer makhani, and it was delicious.  The service was great and the decor was pretty, and they have a coupon on their website which I brought and presto- free appetizer.  Going back for sure.
I've only ordered in food from here coz I was longing for something savory and I'm so glad I did. The portions are generous with ample leftovers for another meal. The spices blend in very well and all curries do not taste the same like I've had at other Indian places. Overall I love this place and I'm a definite repeat customer!
I give this 5 stars alone for their level of service and for having true knowledge of Indian food. I am of South Indian heritage, and finding familiar foods in Indian restaurants is a challenge (as most are North Indian cuisine). I came here last week and noticed an item in the appetizers that shared the name name of my favorite Indian bread (poori) but was puffed rice (bhel poori). I took a chance and asked the waiter if they had poori. He said it wasn't on the menu, but without hesitation, told me it could be made for me. My main dish, the coconut chicken, was very good, but the standout was the poori. It reminded me of my family's cooking, and what made it even more special was their level of commitment. It's rare to find a restaurant that will offer to cook off the menu for you. For that, I will definitely be back.
Went here based on the yelp reviews, and honestly was disappointed. We ordered the Saag Paneer which I thought was watery and the Malai Kofta which was better, but not great. The naan was really good, so was the rice. The service was very good, the restaurant was very pretty and clean. I wouldn't go back though because Jackson Heights is just down the road, with better and cheaper food.
Found out about this place through groupon, and decided to try it out. I loved the table settings and comfortable seating. The waiter was very well mannered, friendly, and professional. I had the chicken shashi korma with a glass of red wine, and my boyfriend had the chicken tikka masala with a mango lassi. The food was amazing and extremely packed with flavor. I have absolutely no complains about this place whatsoever. It was so good I purchased another groupon and went again. Definitely my favorite Indian restaurant of all time.
Awesome experience.  The food was absolutely delicious!  I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and asked to have it spicy and they definitely delivered!  The decor of the restaurant is absolutely beautiful.  It was warm and very inviting.  The service was also very good.  Our server was quite attentive and kind.  Definitely a must place to dine for authentic and delicious Indian food.  There is only one downside and that's parking in the area.  I suggest taking the subway or coming in extra early to search for parking.
After watching Saffron being built over the past couple weeks we were excited to go for dinner last night. The place is a bit small and was packed, but they managed to make room for our table of 6.  Service was a little slow, but they acknowledged it and explained they were short staffed, all while remaining  pleasant and helpful. The food was great nothing was overly greasy, all the meat dishes were succulent. We love spicy food and they delivered upon our request making the experience that much more.  Finally... It is BYOB for a limited time until they get their liquor license.
Loved this place when it initially opened. I usually order take out/delivery. Recently their portions have become way smaller...smaller containers and they're not even full. I ordered baingan barta and asked them not to put peas in and it was loaded with peas. They also forgot the dessert which is part of the pre fixe. Food was still ok but wasn't as good. Disappointed...
I ordered from this place in the past and my my last two orders have been so disappointing. This place has really gone downhill! I received 4 small pieces of lamb drowning in what tasted like canned tomato sauce. Horrible!Don't waste your money here till they shape up!  Try Seva in Astoria, a much better option.
Ordered from Saffron last night, for the first time.minus-1 star for slow delivery. I ordered at 7:35 pm and food was delivered a little after 8:35 pm (that too after I had called the restuarant twice to check the status of my order)And 8:35-9 pm is late dinner for a Thursday night....Apart from that, Food was great and good value for the money. I ordered the pre-fixe. Serving was good enough for 2 people. Kebab platter is a treat. Achari gosht was well done and flavorful. Bread was soggy (well that happens with slow deliveries)Everything was well packed. did not mess up my order and when I called, the hostess was very polite.Yes- I will be ordering from Saffron again.Suggestion: improve delivery timing.
I wished for good Indian food that I didn't have to go all the way to Jackson Heights for, and my wish was granted. I got the chicken tikka masala, and for 10 bucks I got enough food for 2 meals, though with how good their spice blends are I couldn't stop myself from eating all of it. When I picked up my order, the ambience of the place made me wish I had eaten there as opposed to take-out, and the staff was quite friendly. Bottom line, this place is a new favorite.
OMG OMG OMG, yes that's right the food was delicious! Decided to try the chicken lunch box to go and man was it good. I had the chicken vindaloo, because I love  hot spicy food and it was DELICIOUS! The naan was nice and fluffy, not dry at all. The chicken was well spiced and tender and the rice was perfect basmati rice. I'm definitely going back to try their other food offerings.
I'm SO thrilled to've finally found Saffron!  I love Indian food, yet, unlike many other Yelpers, I've found the food at the other two highly rated places in Astoria either too bland or not quite what makes my mouth water when I think of strong, flavorful, spicy Indian food. I was just about to give up, and instead, I feel like I've come home!  I should say that I've only ordered delivery here, so I have no idea what the ambience is like, but the woman who answers the phone is very friendly and patient, and offers to make off-menu items  and add or remove ingredients from menu items without me even asking.  I HIGHLY recommend this place for delivery.  All the standard dishes are great, and I've discovered a delicious new one: Machli Ka Salan, which is to die for.  Also, delivery time is relatively quick, even though I live somewhat far from the restaurant.  YAY, Saffron!
I want to love Saffron, I do.  Indian food is probably my favorite, and I was psyched to see this restaurant pop up right around the corner.  I finally got around to ordering tonight:1. I placed a delivery order online at 8:15pm, and my food wasn't delivered until 9:48.  I literally live just around the corner - less than a block away. 2. When it arrived, my chicken vindaloo was cold and watery, and didn't come with rice.  I've never seen Indian delivered without rice, and might have even been ok with it if the menu had given me some indication to order a side of rice, but no. 3. The samosas were flavorful but dry.4. My naan was doughy, like it wasn't cooked all the way through - not warm and fluffy like others have suggested.I give two stars only because the mint chutney was fantastic. And I love mint chutney. But I'll be heading back to the overpriced and farther away Seva when I want good Indian food in Astoria.
So happy this restaurant is in our neighborhood. The food was excellent, the staff very friendly and helpful and the room decor is beautiful. Prices are excellent too! We will definitely be regulars!!!
If you enjoy eating wonderful Indian food in a very clean restaurant with excellent service this is the place to go!  Every item was cooked to order - and so delicious!  Can't wait to go back, I am sorry we live 4 hours away.  Every month when I go to NYC enjoying a wonderful meal at Saffron is a priority.
Food at most Indian restaurants is quite heavy and not exactly healthy, but food at Saffron is on the lighter side, less greasy than other restaurants, and always seems freshly made. Breads are excellent, as is the Saag Paneer. All Chicken and Lamb dishes have been delicious.
My boyfriend and I bought a Groupon for Saffron, which you never really know what you are getting in to when you use Groupon!We were both pleasantly surprised! The interior is clean and well maintained, the decor is contemporary and speaks subtly to the cuisine served within.  Our server was the only server/bar tender there and aside from a drink order she was on point with everything-all food and water refills came without request and in a nice, timely flow.The menu was easy to navigate and the food was delicious! This place is the perfect restaurant for date night, especially if you are on a budget! They were featuring  affordable specials and you get a good portion for the price! Will definitely return!
I order takeout from this place frequently b/c it's AMAZING!!! Here are my reason's why:1. Quality and quantity - The food is really good. I order the pre fixe meal every time. It's such a great deal for the amount of food you get and it's so tasty. I always have leftovers. The samosas are delicious. The food is packaged to retain heat, which is really important for delivery/take-out. 2. Delivery time - The food will get to you house at or before the time provided to you on your confirmation.
Best Indian in the hood, with amazing prices!  Not tom mention you can bring your own wine, and get a discount with a yelp check-in.  My husband and i go there once a week.
Excellent food (little expensive for indian food). Staffs and management are very accommodating.
Great service and delicious food. Reasonably priced. PLUS currently BYOB as they are waiting on their liquor license. Great place to go for a nice cheap meal!
Finally a good South Asian restaurant in Astoria! This family-owned establishment is inviting and the staff is so pleasant. I know my Indian cuisine and this is some of the best! I have their tomato coconut soup on a weekly basis so that's my first recommendation. Their lamb entrees are on-point and the scallops appetizer is simply scrumptious. Sincerely hoping this place lasts!
Everything from appetizer and dinner absolutely fresh, full of authentic flavor and manager was the kindest! I would recommend this place highly !!!
Walked by this spot a few times during the day when I walk up to the gym in Woodside. Decided to try it out tonight. Was not expecting this. Unbelievable. Best wings ive ever had in my life of any cusiine. I wasnt even that hungry but crushed the Cheese Naan, Tandoori Wings, and the Veggie Samosas by the time I hit Steinway. I escaped broadway, twisted off the cap from one of the two beers i bought to go. its this lighter lager they had, 1947 which was ice cold and hit the spot perfectly. i felt like an actor in one of those over the top beverage commercials where people seem way happier than they really should be after a sip. Back to the food. Usually samosas are just okay - but these had a moist, flavorful interior complemented by a crust that brought back memories of yore from thanksgiving day apple pie. not that it tasted like pie, but it was savory, buttery and texture was crispy and flaky. by the time i got home, i wasnt even that hungry but the veggie dish with the yellow sauce- let me look it up so i dont sound like a rookie - Navarattan Korma was off the charts. i highly recommend this place. taste is right on par with the better restaurants in Manhattan like Tamarind Mint and Junoon
This is one of my new favorite Astoria restaurants. The food is fantastic, service is great, and back garden seating pleasant. The wine list isn't so bad either.
When they just opened i used to order almost every day, the food was so good that i put up with the bad things like waiting for 2 hours for my food or them getting almost every order wrong..Recently though they changed chefs and now the food is so much worse than before that there is no way i'll keep ordering here...very sad, because it used to be the best you can find in astoria
Our first meal was delicious and the servers showed great attention to us.  We want to go back again. We are always looking for good Indian food.
My first time having dinner at Saffron was about 3 weeks ago with my husband and being we are both huge fans of indian food  and live in the area we had to check out this new spot. I love the decor, the layout is very comfortable, our waitress was awesome, the food was delicious, their prices are reasonable, they have a great variety of choices on their menu and they personalize your dish to your own level of handling spicy foods. Overall I was completely satisfied with dining at Saffron. I returned today for another dinner date with my husband and again their food was delicious, fast service, everything taste fresh, our waiter was awesome..cant complain at all and they  def stole me away from all other Indian Cuisines in the area.....Saffron is My Official Indian Cuisine spot in Astoria! I Highly Recommend!!!!
I am new to Indian food but I must say this is my new favorite restaurant. The service at Saffron is excellent!!! I cant rave enough about the way the server was welcoming and informative in regards to the dish on the menu. on my 2nd visit to saffron I had Lamb Pasanda it was a complete delight!! to sum it all up I can't get enough of Saffron you must visit this wonderful restaurant.
I've wanted to try this place since it first opened but never got around to it.  I was craving Indian food last week when i came across a groupon for Saffron and decided to finally give it a try.  The place was completely empty when we walked in so service was great. The first thing we noticed though was how cold the place was! We were freezing the entire time and i had to put my jacket back on shortly after I took it off.  The samosas and garlic naan weren't terrible but there wasn't anything special about them either. My friend ordered  the Lamb Kadai Gosht and that was delicious! The lamb was tender and the sauce had the perfect balance of sweetness and heat from the ginger. I ordered the chef speciality jumbo shrimp curry. The shrimp were medium sized  at best, not jumbo; and the sauce was way too spicy even though I ordered medium. I'm used to spicy foods but I could not enjoy this, my lips and tongue felt like they were numb from the heat. I ended up picking out the shrimps and added some of my friend's kadai gosht sauce to it........while I enjoyed the decor/ambience and the service this will not be my first choice for Indian food in the future.
I went on a this past Saturday, I loved the place I went with my sister. The service and the food is incredible. The ambiance is very relaxing. I highly recommend to anyone who really loves Indian food.
Ate in the restaurant so I can't say about delivery, but the place is great. Nice garden seating in the back, good authentic dishes, fresh ingredients, fantastic service (Vlad is awesome, among others). Nice quiet place and the owner seems to really care about the place and his customers.
So me and my husband don't even think about Indian food on a regular day. But this Sunday afternoon we got the smell of Indian food crawling through our window and we looked at each other and said yeah, we need to get it!!  And we remembered this place we've passed so many times on our way home. I sent him to get just what we know, chicken curry, and it was awesome! We split one portion, had enough good food and my fingers still smell like curry (in a really good way). I think Saffron made us love Indian cuisine! We'll be back for sure!
I ordered from them, on a friend's recommendation's the Price and amount of food I got I was def. satisfied. The owner was generous enough to deliver it himself since It was a big order, with complimentary desserts. The Naa was as fluffy as can be, Tandoori chicken and the samosas were DIVINE. My ten year old daughter and husband who are both picky eaters and love fast foot were impressed as first time Indian food eaters. Everything was seasoned and spiced accordingly to how we ordered and got here in a timely manner for such a large order. Best Indian food I have ever eaten, and if you have ever eaten at the Ganesha Temple in Queens, Saffron's food is flavorful and in my opinion, better than the one served on the cantina at the temple.
