Easily some of the best Indian food in Brooklyn.  Yes, I KNOW.  Hard to believe... amiright?  We were a little suspicious.  The name, for example.  "Pearl Indian Food".  Everyone knows Chinese chefs have been taking over the taqueria business.  Maybe this was a foray into Indian-Chinese restaurants?  And the menu has some, what some may call, bizarre items.  Who ever heard of Angel Hair fettuccine or Shrimp Lingueni (sic) at an Indian restaurant?  Well, the food is fantabulous.The bad news?  The decor is somewhat of an eyesore; looks cheap.  Also, I believe the reviews that the service is poor and slow, but every restaurant has growing pains.  Finally, the prices are unrealistically high.  I'm not one to fret over high prices when I enjoy a meal, but even I felt a little tang of "ouch", which means this will be a major turn-off with other people in the neighborhood.  They will have to lower their prices or else change the decor to match their price point, otherwise, they may not be here for very long.Appetizer========Samosa: AOne of the best samosas I've ever had.  The outside shell was crispy.  Not even a hint of old oil, staleness or soggyness.  Filling was fresh and vibrant.  Scrumptious with mint chutney.Ragri Petes: B+Two potato patties and the bottom is some kind of grain I can't identify.  The potato patties are fried and spiced quite nicely with pepper, mustard seed, and some other spices i can't identify.  Maybe hing.  The whole thing is great.  Make sure you have enough chutney -- great with mint chutney!Gobi Manchurian: A+Doesn't sound good, but it's one of my favorite appetizers ever.  Cauliflower fried in batter in a semi-sweet sauce (I usually hate sweet sauce!).  It's to cauliflower as KFC is to chicken.Ka-Chori: A-Flour flat pastries (I wouldn't call them puffs as the menu does) stuffed with yummy lentils on a bed of chutney and chickpeas.  Delicious vegetarian appetizer.Seekh Kabab: A+This dish was invented by a chef of an Indian prince who had serious tooth pain.  He was told to create a meat dish that the prince could eat without pain or else face execution. Hence, this is a VERY soft meat dish.  If you're familiar with middle eastern food, think of a Kafta Kebob with savory Indian spicesVegetable Pakora: A+I'm always massively disappointed by pakoras in NYC, but these are perfect!  The Garam flour is fresh and zesty.  The pakoras are not overly oily; they still have crunch to them.  There's a high crispy outside to vegetable ratio.  Blends perfectly well with, and is the perfect vehicle for, mint or tamarind chutney.Dal Soup: ASpicy and tangy.  Definitely more complex than your average Dal soup.Chicken Soup: A+I've always admired Indian chicken soup.  The spices may be foreign to the palette, but its base is unmistakable. This soup is heavy on the fat, very light on the salt (it's unsalted, in fact).Chicken Wings Bffalo (sic): CSlathered with sugary American BBQ sauce.  Ick.Tandoori========Chicken: A+This might have been the best tandoori chicken I've ever had.  The meat was very soft and juicy.  The tandoori flavor was very strong (many tandoori chickens I've had were dry and didn't have a particularly strong tandoori flavor).  The dish comes with a lot of "soft vegetable stuff" which probably helps keep the chicken moist and juicy.Chicken=======Chicken Tikka Masala: A+Chicken was succulent and the masala sauce is one of the few masala sauces I've had where you can tell it's a "tomato cream" sauce, rather than a "cream sauce".Lamb=====Lamb Korma: B+The korma sauce itself wasn't the creamiest korma I've ever had, and they put pineapple in it (I'm not overly fond of pineapple in food b/c it's too sweet for my tastes).  Still an excellent buttery entree.Rogan Josh: AVery well spiced.  If you like an aromatic rogan josh, you'll love it.  Aromatic and rich.  Excellent meat-to-sauce ratio.  Sauce has character: chunkyness (I've had soupy rogan josh in the past and it's always a bummer).Acjaru Lamb: B+You won't *see* the pickles; they've been cooked down or minced.  I was hesitant since I'm not a huge pickle fan, but it was great: spicy and tangy.  More salty than I'm used to, but otherwise great.  Lamb was soft and had just the right amount of fat.Chicken======Chicken Saag: AVery succulent and tender chicken.  Saag was a LITTLE bland which gives it a more creamed spinach than saag feeling.  Still worth an A rating!Beverages=========Mango Lassi: B+Above average.Side Order=========Mint Chutney: A-I wish it were just a tad hotter, but the flavor is fantastic.Dessert=======Gulab Jamun:  A-Doughnut balls were excellent but not the best I've had.  They might have been a tad old.  I can't tell (perhaps I should've warmed them up).  They were *very* generous with the honey syrup, whch was very appreciated!Kheer: B-Not as creamy as other kheer I've have.  Me
The lunch buffet prices were amazing!!! The food was pretty good as well. Would come back here for lunch again.
Had a delicious dinner on a Saturday night! Mohamed was very friendly and helped guide our ordering decision.  The inside of the restaurant is not super fancy but hey the food is really really good so I guess that helps!  We started off with 2 appetizers: ginger shrimp and the assorted vegetable critters.  The ginger shrimp was delicious but only came with 3 shrimps and lots of sauce - I wish I could have like 4 servings of this!!  The critters were pretty good too but if I were to order again I would just double up on the ginger shrimp.For our entrees, my parents and I split: palak paneer, chicken tiki masala and the crab biranyi.  OMG so good.  I loved each dish.  I was surprised but we barely had any leftovers to take home it was that good.  Although we were all full, we had to try the pistachio ice dessert.  It tasted like a gelato but with a slightly less sweet aftertaste.  It's great to new this place will be a fabulous addition to the area.  We will be back and we are bringing friends : )  P.S. - BYOB!!
Reliably the best Indian food in the neighborhood - tasty and flavorful. Of course, my review is probably inflated because the rest of the Indian in Crown Heights is pretty awful.The several dishes I've ordered have been tasty, buttery (or ghee-y, I guess), and well seasoned. A couple of times, I've ordered food and it was under salted. But usually this is not a problem. I don't recommend eating in. Not only is there always a TV on, service is pushy and terrible. However, they do have an eat-in-only lunch special that's 50% off your meal, so if you're broke, it's maybe worth it. If you're willing to get frustrated.
LIKES:Had a good experience. Ordered chicken korma and mixed grill with pineapple juice and 2 mango juice. Food was delicious. Made fast and inexpensive. Bill was about $45.DISLIKES:Walking through the door the decor gave a cheap indian restaurant feel. And I didn't like that the waiter wasn't informed about his tip rather it went into the cash register.I'd eat there again.
AVOID . tasteless foodFirst off, I lived in India for 15 years, so this is a review from someone who knows what indian food is supposed to taste like. All 3 of my items were COMPLETELY devoid of any flavor.The seek kebab was dry and crumbly, def not fresh. Zero flavor. The chicken tikka was rubbery enough to fix my bike tires with . Zero flavor.The Daal Makhani has never been near any makhan. Insipid and burnt tasting, another clue that it has been reheated many times. The food was the pits. I hope they read this review and do something, instead of going to usual route of Indian restaurants in the US - "they'll eat anything" attitude.
My dine-in experience at Pearl Indian on my last occasion was horrible. The one and only waiter acted as if I was bothering him by patronizing the establishment. Nevertheless, I ordered the Chicken Tikka-Masala with a side order of Garlic Naan. There was one other customer there and already eating as I waited for my food to be prepared. When my food arrived, I asked the (rude) waiter if I could have some more mint chutney. He said "sure". That's when things went down the drain. I watched this lil nasty waiter (Mohammed), go to the other patron's table, clear it, take off this guy's USED mint chutney before entering the kitchen area, and place it on a clean plate to serve to me. I was furious! When I confronted him about it. He denied it. However, I know exactly what I saw. Plus, you could clearly see naan crumbs in the USED mint chutney. I was beyond floored. All in all, the food is just ok, it's too expensive, the waiter is rude, and they give you other people's sauces.  Eat at your own risk. I will NEVER eat here again.
I totally enjoyed the food and was pleasantly surprised.  This cute lil neighbor spot is full of authentic and flavorful dishes.  We can for lunch and I was thankful we did because it was 50% off!!!!We tried several things and all where great.  just be careful of the dishes marked spicy...they are not lying:)  I almost dropped sweat onto my naan!A must stop by spot if you in the area and feeling like good Indian food!!!
A great escape from all the frantic...I live in the neighborhood and enjoy coming here for two reasons. The food is great and the atmosphere is super calm. So many restaurants here are loud and bustling but this one moves pleasantly slowly. Owner is calm and quiet. A lovely tasty momentary escape.
What's wrong with people? Franklin Avenue in Crown Heights is such a sacred area. It boasts some of the best pizza, mexican and Caribbean food in the neighborhood. And if you walk over to Washington you can find some great Italian. There is also well done Cajun food around.Then why is the Indian so bad around this neighborhood and why are people giving shitty, average places four stars. This food is bad. Period. Like Bombay Masala down the road, this place also indulges in adding copious amounts of butter and tomato to everything and hopefully the people who don't know any better, will come back for more. Honestly, you are better of finding a recipe on the internet and cooking at home. I don't really blame these guys though. This bastardization of Indian Food is everywhere. But, then don't pretend to be "Authentic" Indian food. Make yourself a Chinese Take-Out joint and just admit that the stuff you make is not authentic and that you are catering to "An American Idea Of Indian Food" rather than Indian food. And, while you're at it, slash your damn prices. You're fooling nobody by charging 12 dollars for an entree when you are just slapping together tasteless chicken with tomato sauce and curry powder. That's not how Indian Food works.
Tried the chicken korma and it was delicious! Shaved almonds on top of the curry and the khandari naan has coconut inside which was a great addition to my meal! The flavors and portions were outstanding for a 50% off lunch special. I must go back soon! Highly, highly recommended.
I love you Pearl. There is a decent amount of Indian food to choose from in this neighborhood but Pearl definitely comes out on top. All the dishes I've ordered have been excellent & the sauces are just right every time. It's a great deal too and you can always expect consistent quality and service. The owners are very nice & friendly as well, they make eating in the restaurant a pleasure (and it's BYOB as well). If you're looking for Indian Food in Crown Heights, look no further!
My boyfriend and I went for dinner last weekend at Pearl. We were the only mixed race couple in the restaurant (he's Black and I'm White). Almost as soon as my boyfriend sat down, the restaurant owner/manager, an older man in his 50s, shooed him into the table and asked him to move his chair in. It was absurd and rude as the restaurant was almost empty and there was plenty of room to walk around his chair. There were also White customers who had their chairs out the same distance which the manager did not speak to the same way.Following this, all service and food orders were directed at me. He did not once look at, engage or acknowledge my boyfriend's presence. We agreed to tip the female waitress who had brought us appetizers, but not the manager as his racist demeanor was appalling and unacceptable.As soon as he took our payment, he rushed back to the table to demand rudely where his tip was. We told him we weren't done paying, then we got up and gave the tip to the female waitress and left.I left sickened by his treatment of my boyfriend. It is 2015 Brooklyn, and your restaurant is in the middle of a predominantly Black neighborhood. Either treat your customers with respect and human decency, or get out. I will never eat there again.
I had a positive review of this place when it first opened, but it has gone downhill big-time in the last year.The good:- Samosas.  Some of the best samosas I've had.  They come garnished with a delicious, spicy chick pea side.  If you like samosas, you can eat these all day.- Malai kofta, and anything that comes with a cream sauce.  It's very oily and heavy, but if that's what you want, these guys do it right.- Lentil-based stuff is still edible.The bad:- These guys used to be positive outliers in terms of the freshness and variety of vegetables in the vegetable dishes.  Perhaps as a cost-saving measure, this is no longer the case.- Jalfrazi, veg curry type dishes are now very bad.  Very few types of vegetables, the tomato onion sauce tastes like it's made with ketchup.- Spinach curries are blended with oil and cooked to the point of absurdity.  You could drink them, there's no texture at all.- Raita is seasoned only with sugar, lassis are nothing more than a blend of whole milk and whole fat yogurt.  No seasoning at all.  Salty lassi isn't even salty.- Chutneys look and taste like they have more food coloring than seasoning.- Meat dishes have only meat, maybe onions if you're lucky.  Don't expect to find a vegetable in them.The last time, we ordered three entrees and received only one serving of chutneys and one of the complimentary desserts.  The chutneys and desserts come in 1oz dixie cups.  I'm guessing these guys have had to cut costs since the place opened, given that it is still empty most nights.  It's become a big disappointment.  I just don't understand why we can't have a decent Indian restaurant in Brooklyn.
I met a bunch of friends here for lunch, unaware that they have a lunch special offering 50% off of everything on their menu.  Everything!We ordered several dishes to share family style including Takar Dhal, Dhal Makhani, a spinach lamb dish, eggplant, stuffed potatoes in curry, several naan and paratha as well as samosas for an appetizer.  Everything was delicious.  At 50% off, the portions were surprisingly plentiful and we all left stuffed, satisfied and with a new place on our list of restaurants to return to!I am always a stickler for service and the one man working there at the time, was very friendly.  He could have been more attentive, but that had no effect on the speed of service.  They apparently also deliver so I'll be trying that next!
they ruined my birthday lunch with my coworker in April 2014. Mohamed was difficult to coordinate with & my patronage was not appreciated despite the fact that my department dropped $100 for that one lunch. My coworkers were treated rudely and their lunch served badly. I will never come back.How they ruined it:the day before my birthday luncheon I had gathered a list of orders from my coworkers to be prepared ahead of time, because our lunch hour was strictly 1 hour. I came to Pearl Indian in person and inquire if this can be done.  They said ok. I gave the list to Mohammed, and to my surprise that he was not happy to see the orders and the $$ we were about to spend in the restaurant. "What is this??" he asked. I explained and he grumpily accepted the list. I reminded him of the lunch hour and asked them to prepare in time.The next day, we arrived on time to find the restaurant unprepared for the luncheon. Pearl Indian was not empty - shocking! - and in no sight was there seats for 12+ people. My coworkers and I were awkwardly waiting at the entrance for a while before being pointed to the table next to the bar. The attitude was rude. Very strange. I can't grasp as why any restaurant would not welcome the $$$ and publicity they were about to receive from my department and my bosses.We waited for our food for 30 minutes and counting, hoping that we get to eat them before the end of lunch hour. eventually 15 minute till we had to go, the food came in massive amount. Mohammed just passed them to me one after another, expecting me, on my birthday lunch, to know who ordered what.  The food was terribly wrong. Whatever we asked for "non-spicy" were extra spicy. Some of my coworkers took one bite of their salad / spaghetti and pushed the plates away. I was extremely embarrassed for having taken my department to a place where our patronage was not only not welcomed but disrespected. The bill came up to nearly $100. Despite 1 coworker missing, they still made the dish according to the order, so I paid for it and with 20% tip.I will NEVER come back to Pearl Indian again. Mohammed and the horrible experience at Pearl Indian restaurant taught me a good lesson to take my business and my patronage to somewhere else where customers are appreciated and respected, such as the Chavela across the street.
I used to live RIGHT BY HERE and never went, but now that I'm in The Slope, I order from this place all the time. Its a.) amazing that they'll drive around the park to come to my door and b.) they always delivery with a smile. Sometimes it takes forever but still, it's super great.I love the samosas -- they're just the right amt of spicy, and somehow not greasy, and they put some kinda magical seasoning on top that makes them addicting as hell. The naan is great too. I always go for the super special appetizer and entree option, since it's cheap and I get my beloved samosas. Anything tikka here is delicious, and the mutter mushroom thingie is great.I tried to order from another place and was grumpy the whole night because their samosas couldn't hold a candle to Pearl's.Anyhow for sure use their takeout -- but be prepared to wait a long time. 45 minutes is usually the minimum. However, its always worth it.
I'm across the street at the Mexican restaurant abut it looks really cute from here. I heard it's good. Stop reading and go eat. Stop watching Gilmore girls on netflix and get some tandoori chicken or simosas.
I'm a big fan of Indian food, mostly because I was raised on it being E. African and W. Indian, but this is by far my worst experience with it. I went in around 5pm after the restaurant siesta period, and I was understanding of the slow service, but even after being there 3 hours the service remained at an extremely slow pace. The most popular of Indian foods which I figured no restaurant could get wrong, they did (Chicken Tikka Masala). Halfway through the meal, I was a few bites away for high blood pressure.They were apologetic of course, but the food was just not good and the service was just too slow and I am very patient person.I won't be returning, and will never cheat on my neighborhood's Indian restaurant ever again.
Let me start by saying, I am so sad I moved out of delivery radius from this restaurant. It is SCRUMPTIOUS. I would order a couple times per month from them, always the chicken curry and samosa (appetizer) combo. It comes with naan and basmati rice as well as an assortment of sauces. Every component of this is tasty, even down to how the rice is done. I tend to stick with a perfect dish once I've found it, but having tried other friends' orders from here, nothing has disappointed.I should also mention they have always been wonderful with delivery, truly prompt and friendly.
Updated to say the last two times I've ordered, the shell of the vegetarian samosas have had this very strange, strong sulfuric taste. I think it's MSG. Anyway, I don't really recommend ordering them. My order did once again literally come in 15 minutes though (seamless delivery!) which is absurdly fast.EDIT: I saw that Pearl got a C health code rating recently (6/14)... fyi
Very good wholesome food...love the chicken curry and samosas, not oily or greasy! Perfect!
Chilled atmosphere (spent almost 2 hours in here talking) and good food at an average price point. Definitely recommend.
I ordered online and it came in within 35 minutes. The deliverer was very friendly.Food was really great, probably the best in the neighborhood. I tried some other Indian restaurants in which they served weird sauces on the side. Everything from Pearl Indian Food was great! Highly recommend.
Waited more than 25min for a takeout one order of Chicken Makhani and one order of samosa. Enough said. Food is decent.
The food that I order from Pearl Indian Food (and I order ALL of the benchmark dishes), is the best that I've had in Brooklyn.  Food is freshly prepared, flavorful, and delivered piping hot!  It's never wimpy, runny sauces like some other chains.  The food is just EXCELLENT, all around.  Bravo, and keep up the good work!
Pearl Indian combines my love for local businesses & my parents' South Asian culture into one homey restaurant that has 50% off their lunch menu on weekdays! Us graduate students will jump at a 50% discount without thinking twice! The portions are fair, and the couple that runs the place is very sweet!Pros: Good service, 50% off lunch menu on weekdays, fair-sized portionsCons: I can't say this Indian food is "amazing" or even "really great". It's just good.
The food is unadventurous and Americanized, the space is crowded, and the service, while solicitous is ineffectual. That said, it was an acceptable dinner given we couldn't get a table anywhere else in the neighborhood and we were hungry.
Absolutely phenomenal. As someone who is of Indian descent, I have to validate this as authentic and very tasty. I had the Lamb Vindaloo with Nan, which was great! The service was excellent as well.
Dinner special came with rice, a samosa, naan and the main course (I chose tikka masala). Samosa was delicious and I've got lunch for tomorrow for a great price.
I had a hankering for mulligatawny soup after having a bowl the other day. The soup here is not comparable. It tasted more like tomato sauce/broth. I didn't like the taste so I threw it away when I got home.The veggie tikka was ok. Take out seemed kinda slow.
This is a very solid "typical" Indian restaurant. I think it provides a great value (50% off lunch if you eat in!). I've eaten here numerous times and had positive experiences.The food is flavorful; I'd recommend the samosas and curries. The owner can be short at times but is very kind.
I did take out and got the paneer tikka masala. This dish was way too tomato-y and their keer was too sour. Not sure if it had gone bad or something. It got two stars for its quick service and accessibility but I was not impressed with their food. The naan was not good either.
Food isn't bad and pretty well priced for the lunch special. Byob is a plus. Service Is not very comfortable. I much prefer bombay masala right down the street which has better taste and much superior service.
I love this place! I've ordered takeout from here several times and I'm never disappointed. The owners are friendly, my orders are always quick, and the food is so tasty! My favorite is the cauliflower appetizer and the bhindi, although the bhaigan bharta (eggplant) is also delish. I love supporting this local place!
I hate to leave this review, as the food at Pearl is some of the best Indian I've had in the borough. However, one of their delivery men behaves so inappropriately, I once had to call the police. When I called the restaurant to complain, they told me I was over reacting and hung up. I leave this review as a caution for other young women ordering!!My roommate and I have a serious Indian food addiction, and this is the only restaurant in the neighborhood with a proper papri chaat. However, their primary delivery man began trying to hug us and would grab us and was generally inappropriate. We chalked it up to cultural difference and put up with it for the great food. The last time I ordered, however, the delivery man walked RIGHT INTO OUR APARTMENT AND POURED HIMSELF A GLASS OF WATER. He then proceeded to grab me and hug me. I finally got him to leave, and he returned ~15 minutes later, and began knocking on the door, shouting, calling for me, and TRYING OUR DOOR HANDLE. This went on for 10 full minutes as I sat inside, incredibly freaked out and alone, hoping he wouldn't be able to get in. And with how crazy I see the cops get in this neighborhood, I was scared to call them, especially not knowing his immigration status. Eventually, with him trying the door, I couldn't handle it and leaned out my front window to hail a cop I saw in the street (I know, very 1950's) who got him out of my building. When I called the restaurant, shaken and upset, the manager (or, the man who said he was the manager) was incredibly rude and told me I was overreacting. I think not.We were loyal, often weekly customers at Pearl for a year. I often crave their food but can't go back, their refusal to take this seriously really offended me. I hope someone who works here sees this review! I also hope that other women this guy hugs/gropes (I'm sure there are more) take caution before he gets too bold and walks right into your home.
TRULY delicious. I was impressed. I hadn't seen many great options for takeout in my neighborhood and this place absolutely came to the rescue.SO grateful! Yes, I'd definitely recommend. Thanks, Pearl Indian!
I've only ordered delivery, never eaten at the actual restaurant. Both times I've ordered the food has arrived quickly and still hot. It was the second Indian place I tried in the neighborhood, and it was by far the best. It's not too greasy, the samosas are really good, and the portions are big enough to share. This is my Indian delivery place of choice in my neighborhood.
Best Indian delivery place in the neighborhood. I've ordered from them from Seamless more times than I can count and have never been disappointed. Delivery is always delicious and shockingly fast. No complaints here.
Decor is not the greatest, service is ok, but the food is great! I love Indian food, this is one of my favorite places. Lunch is a great deal, 50% off. Dinner is a little expensive, and no beer, wine, liquor.
So nice to have a good Indian restaurant in the area-- and one that delivers!True, it's not a mind blowingly good place where you'll leave a changed person, but if you're in the neighborhood and craving Indian- this will definitely satisfy!We've only ordered delivery so far (yep, once we even went over planning to eat there, decided we wanted to eat in pjs, turned around, went home, and ordered delivery)- but we've had all good delivery experiences so far.What we like:SamosasPaneer TikkaNaan/Garlic NaanFish TikkaSaag Paneer EntréeChicken Tikka Masala EntréeChicken Vindaloo EntréeSalmon Curry Entrée... things where spicy when they should be, not dry, and a good balance of flavors. Only thing we haven't liked so far:Lamb Curry Entrée-- lamb was a bit dry, but was ok enough where we'd try ordering it again in case they were having an off night.
Great food and even better service! Def the place to go if you're looking for Indian food in Crown Heights.
I am Indian, from India! The food here was surprisingly really good. The samosas have the perfect crunch. The tamarind sauce that goes with the samosa was authentic and tasted amazing - it was not watered down like other indian restaurants. The chicken madras was so tasty - spicy and tasty! I had the vegetable korma - WOW! It was so delicious. Not too spicy and the perfect flavors. The naan is fluffy, the rice is aromatic, the raita...AHHH! The raita was so good. In all seriousness, the quality of the food was impeccable. The decorations are strange, but the food was excellent! :-) Some pointers on the decorations: put up curtains, authentic indian paintings/drawings art work, deities, take out that colorful chandelier light or at least turn off the light or switch it so that there is only one color and hire some more staff to take orders! I will, for sure, be returning to this spot.
These guys.If we could give them 20 stars, we would. Me and My Husband are currently eating this food. It's very spicy. It's very good. It arrived EARLY. Do yourself a favor, go here.
Ordered delivery for the first time from this place (only bc the delicious Indian place on Bedford in Bed Stuy recently posted a poor health dept grade, breaking my heart). The food arrived in 45 min, as expected, but that's the most positive thing I can say. The chicken tikka masala was watery and super salty. Same for the veggie tikka masala (which my veg friends were excited about bc we've only ever seen tikka masala with chicken). Mixed veggie curry had a slightly better flavor, but the vegetables in both dishes were clearly from an old pack of frozen veggies, thawed and doused in salt water. Even the naan just tasted like flour. The rice, on the other hand, was tasty. But that's a pretty sad compliment. We threw away a bunch of the food bc it was too salty -- such a waste! Surprising considering all of the great reviews. I won't be ordering from here again. Fingers crossed my fave place on Bedford gets that grade up.
Ordered delivery. They forgot one dish and brought it about 30 mins later after i called.Tandoori Chicken - dry and blandChicken Tikka Masala - Sauce too thin but chicken was tenderSag Aloo - pretty goodMango Lassi - very goodRice - fine. BTW - no need to order rice separately as it comes with each entree (this was not clear on Seamless so ordered extra rice).Overall: Disappointing - we'll stick with Bombay Masala next time.
The food was fantastic and the 50% off for dinning in at lunch is unbeatable. Truly considerate staff just make this place the best! Highest of recommendations!
There is no shortage of Indian food in the Prospect Heights / Crown Heights area. Pearl manages to stick out. I can only comment on their delivery..It's not the healthiest or the fanciest, but seems to be the tastiest. The food is sometimes a bit salty. I really enjoy the Chana Masala and Gobi Manchurian appetizer.Pearl is also really great at following any additional instruction or detail via online ordering. Thanks for the great grub, Pearl!
A taxi driver told me about this new addition to the neighborhood the other day, and of course I had to go try it out because there were no other good Indian places in the neighborhood.Well, there still are no good Indian places in the neighborhood. This is yet another Bangladeshi restaurant trying to pass off as an Indian restaurant, and failing miserably.The Paneer Tikka Masala was not good - the gravy was just too sweet. The paneer was slightly tough too. The nan was made with the wrong flour, as is in all Bangladeshi restaurants. The rice was the only thing that was decent.The ambience is equally bad - a plastic chandelier that glows with pink light, multicolored wall lights that point in random directions, plastic flowers on every table, fake brick paneling on the walls. Yuk. Probably the worst decor I've ever seen.Avoid.
Great food, fast delivery, but they never read the special requests on seamless orders. They always get my order wrong.
Ordered again. Food came fast and is again SO delicious. What a great find.
Lamb korma was great. It's not on the menu but just ask; they can do any meat with most sauces. Very nice service. No wait. AND byob!
Great addition to Franklin Ave. I've been eyeing them since they opened and finally ordered dinner (through Seamless)  on Friday night. Everything was soooo delicious and fresh! We had the Vegetable Tikka Masala, Saag Aloo, Fish Tikka and Bhindi Masala. We also ordered a side of garlic naan. Each dish was seasoned just right and the portions were perfect for the price. I will definitely order from them again and will head over for dinner now that I know they're BYOB.
If you want to breathe fire for days, try the chicken vindaloo.  I'm not a spicy fan but my boyfriend loves it, and this was so hot he had to take breaks.  I on the other hand ordered the butter chicken, which was so delicious I'll be ordering that again ASAP.  Service was good, it was pretty empty on a Saturday night, but he refilled our waters and boxed up our leftovers.  I liked the bollywood going on in the background.  It's a cute little place that's perfect if you're out on Franklin and experience a sudden crave for authentic Indian food.
Dined in and had a very good experience. Our server was attentive and easily able to point out items without dairy (lactose intolerant). I ordered channa palak and it was great. The best part about this meal was that the food wasn't greasy/oily at all and still had great flavor. Garlic naan was similarly good and not greasy.BYOB for now (or forever) which seems great! Would definitely eat here again.
Oh.  Oh, yes.  This Chicken Tikka Masala is creamy cardamom, umami tomato, each of the spicy flavors singing clearly and distinctly, and in perfect harmony.  These guys know how to sauce.  The chicken's a bit dry, but the sauce more than compensates.  Rice's standard.  The dry Paneer Tikka, and cold, chewey naan keep me teetering toward 3 stars.  That sauce pulls me back towards 4.  Settling on 3 until I can dine in.  It's possible the delivery was this meal's downfall.  Also, they wrap the naan in paper.  Maybe aluminum would serve better?Also, delivery was quick.  Napkins were included.  Thank you!  You would be surprised how many local joints never include napkins.
Excellent chicken curry. The only bad thing is that for some reason the delivery NEVER comes with forks and napkins...just food. Despite few reminders. But GREAT food !
I cant give less than 3 stars cz the food was very tasteful. But Im very disappointed on the service. The waiter was not friendly at all. Good food alone doesn't make a good restaurant.. Especially if youre expecting a juicy tip after giving crappy service. Probably not going back... Theres a great indian restauran 2 blocks away.
Excellent delivery! Always hot and fast. I had the lamb curry special with chicken tikka, naan, and chutneys for $14. I order frequently and am so glad to have them in my hood!
Once you figure out what's good here (the bindi and sag are very salty), it's a solid choice for a takeout night. I gather that's what most of their business is because it's almost always empty. I like their service - they're always quick and nice (and cheerful!) and their food is tasty. What we order for four: 3 dinner specials (best deal!) - comes with naan and an appetizer and an entree, so there's no reason to do it any other way. We get dum aloo every time paneer tikka masala and the papri chat as an appetizer. Perfect for a board game night or when you just don't want to cook! Not cheap exactly, but hey, there's always enough leftover for a second meal the next day.
Delivery here is super prompt. It came within 30 minutes!  I had the chicken vindaloo, and it is super delicious. The delivery comes with two little sauces and a small cup of rice dessert, which is very thoughtful. I'm a fan!
50% off everything lunch special for dine-in customers. Great food. Very clean restroom. Overly helpful customer service. This place is too empty at lunch, make it happen people!
I LOVE PEARL! We are addicted to weekly deliveries of tikka masala, samosas, and sag paneer! OMFG best indian food by far!
Respectful, courteous staff. Lunch special 50% off ?!? I got the chicken curry and lentil soup, and it came to 9.75. In any burough of New York, this is an excellent deal for a sit- down meal. Excellent food! I sound like their marketing specialist...
They are rude, the food took way longer than advertised to deliver, I was never called. I had to call them, and they gave me nothing but attitude blaming everyone but themselves. Pass, I highly suggest avoiding take out from this place.
This vendor just called me on the phone after confirming my order via seamless to yell at me for not ordering enough food and not tipping enough. He proceeded to tell me that he would not deliver the food and told me I had to pick it up. I notified him that my credit card had already been charged, and that I cannot control the minimums in the seamless system but that is his job as a vendor. He continued to yell at me, asked me about my ethnicity, and even had the gall to tell me that I should be nicer. The delivery guy then tried to initiate the same argument with me, then had the nerve to touch my arm when I started crying. I feel violated and harassed and am left contemplating if legal action would be appropriate. DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS INCREDIBLY DISRESPECTFUL ESTABLISHMENT.
Yelp is my go-to resource for great restaurants and to help me find those hidden gems. It's only fair that Pearl Indian Food is the first review I should write about because I go to this restaurant the most. I live really close but still...Items I've tried:- Chicken Tikka Masala (AMAZING! Chicken in FLAVORFUL cream sauce)- Basmati Rice that comes with their entrees (Yum!)- Lamb Saag (It's a delicious dish and was the dish I always ordered but then I converted to the chicken tikka masala)- Combination platter (SO good! I loved sampling all of their different meats. It was on the small side though but then again it was an appetizer. Or maybe because it was proportioned specifically for their lunch.)- Samosas (The outside shell, the fried wrapping, I could just eat and eat. The inside is tasty too but it's spicy.)For lunch, I enjoy dining in because of their 50% off special. The man who works there is friendly, prompt, and courteous - asking how my food is and making sure I'm being taken care of. There were two times I had the female waitress and she was very sweet both times, prompt and courteous.Lately, I've been busy and can't dine in so I order their take out. I LOVE their chicken box. The guy who has always taken my take-out lunch order is patient with me because I can be confusing sometimes.Important Note: If you're like me and can't deal too well with spicy foods, ask for mild. I went to Bombay Masala and I asked for the mild chicken tikka masala but I couldn't eat it because it was too spicy. However, at Pearl Indian, they were very accommodating and made it mild, just like I asked! Overall, I like Pearl Indian better than Bombay Masala.I recommend eating here! =)
Pearl indian resturant lunch special an affordable 13.95 dh and I were both able to eat good. Was tasty and flavorful. would eat here again. We had the lamb appetizer and lamb saag. Came with naan and small dipping sauces. We were stuffed and satisfied. And they deliver to our hood! Even better!
The only reason I gave two stars was the food is tasty. But the service is not worth the hassle, no matter how good the food is. The first time I ordered, it took almost an hour to bring a basic dish a few blocks. When the guy did arrive, he had no change for a cash delivery order. I've never had a guy forget tor bring change for a cash transaction. It's almost like he was extorting me for a $5 tip. I decided to forget about the mistake and ordered once again. It took almost an hour and a half to delivery the food. When I called to check, the guy hung up on me. I'll stick to Niamah off of Nostrand Ave.
I'm happy to have this new Indian place on my corner. The portion sizes are plentiful. The samosas order came with three samosas and chickpeas in sauce like the little Indian cabbie takeout place on Houston St. There are lots of vegetarian options and everything I've tried is flavorful. So far, I am liking it more than Bombay Masala down the street. They also have a 50% off lunch deal in the restaurant, which is nice.
The owner said if you do not like your dish they will remake it to your taste. They seem really nice and the food was very delicious. Lamb Madras was perfect spice and the Lentil Soup was tasty.
New place on Franklin. I stopped in for lunch (50% off for dine-in only), which made the prices quite reasonable. I ordered the bhindi masala (okra), which was tasty, subtly flavored and not too greasy (could be a problem with Indian sometimes).  The basmati rice that came with my dish was delish just on its own. I'll have to come back with a big group for dinner to see how they hold up, but right now I think Pearl is a great addition to Franklin.
Maybe an off night?  I ordered kachoris ( I LOVE kachoris and haven't had them in a long time) and they just sucked.  greasy gross and lacking in any of the great things that make kachoris great.      Lamb vindaloo: greasy, not great.  Panir Tikka: another one of my favorites really done a sad disservice.I may try again, as this is my first time trying and I hate to judge on just this, but it was really disappointing across the board.
Just ordered takeout ChickenTikka Masala for lunch today. The food was ready in fifteen minutes. Expertly packaged in a plastic container with sectional divisions and utensils, napkins, and sauce. Naan was in its own bag and was some of the best I've ever had. Chicken was tender, rice was delicious, and chickpeas were just right. Seriously some of the best takeout food I've ever had. All this was in the lunch special for less than $8. I will definitely be going back for takeout and to try out the dining in experience, too.
I'm not a big yelper but felt like I needed to write a review for this place.My husband and I have order takeout twice and each time the food has been great. The delivery time was under 30 minutes and everything was fresh and delicious. The $14 dinner special is also a great deal; app, entree, naan, chutneys, and even a small dessert!Last night I visited the restaurant for the first time and also had a great experience. The staff was friendly, the food was just as/even more delicious as takeout and it is BYOB.Often times I have found that at Indian restaurants different dishes tend to have similar flavors but not here, each item I have tried had its own distinct flavor. I can't speak for everything on the menu but the items I have had were all top notch; the vegetable vindaloo, paneer tikka masala, vegetable jalfrezie, naan, samosas, paneer tikka, all of their chutneys.I would highly recommend trying this place out!
Brooklyn has few decent Indian restaurants, but Pearl is the best I've had in Brooklyn.  That might sound like faint praise, but this is decent food, and less greasy than the competition.  They use chunks of breast meat in their chicken vindaloo.  Also, it seems like they're using fresh spinach in their spinach dishes, a major improvement over your typical Brooklyn Indian restaurant.  Whether it is "authentic" or not is irrelevant to me.  It's just tasty.  This is coming from someone with Indian parents who grew up eating home-cooked Indian meals.
Food here is really great! But yes, as the previous reviewer mentioned, they are particularly rigid on what items are for take-out vs. eat-in. I can't really speak much about the restaurant ambiance and service since we usually go for take-out. They have a $13.95 special for one appetizer and one entree, along with rice, naan, and a small dessert, which is a great deal (available for take-out only). We are also fans of Bombay Masala (also on Franklin), but actually found the flavor of the dishes we tried here to be more nuanced and distinctive. Both places are really great, and may just come down to personal preferences. We are definitely blessed in this neighborhood Indian restaurant-wise!
Delivery took an hour but that's normal for my neighborhood. We had lamb biryani yum! My friend and I even ate it traditional style with our hands, always makes the food taste better. I will definitely order again.
I live in the neighborhood and have eaten here a few times.  The place and people are very nice. I recently ordered to have the food delivered.  The food is very tasty, indeed. I love their Yellow Tadka Dal...a wonderful flavor and tastes very homemade.My ONE complaint is the amount of OIL that is in each the orders with "sauce/masala". They were definitely delicious,  it was literally half oil and half sauce! *If the chefs could just watch that one aspect-I'd have given this place 5 stars.  I know oil is necessary in cooking, but not this much! Otherwise, it's great! I :)
I've only been here once so far, but I was pleasantly surprised. The staff is incredibly friendly. The lamb rogan josh is seriously incredible. Highly recommend!
This was truly bad Indian food.  I don't normally write bad reviews, but I feel like I just threw away $30 and feel a desire to save other people from making the same mistake.
I walked in for take-out tonight for dinner and was really impressed. They gave me a papadam + chopped onions + chutney (mint + tamarind) on the house while I waited for my order. And I didn't even have to wait very long for the order! I got the $13.95 special - appetizer (I went with the veggie samosas - you get two with a little bit of channey on the side! so good) + entree (baigan bhartha--delicious; it was honestly almost as good as my mom's) + naan (fluffy, warm) + rice (no complaints! loved the tarka [fried onions] on top) + a bunch of sauces (raita, tamarind, chutney) + they threw in a dessert (kheer - a little on the sweet side for me, but tasty nonetheless) as well (maybe they just really liked me?!). I'm South Asian and I found the food to be really delicious and authentic. The portions were also HUGE - I definitely have enough for probably two more meals.I'm looking forward to going here again :)*As a side-note I think this place may be better for takeout/delivery than dining in as there was only one person (I think the manager) taking the phone orders and serving the people dining in the restaurant, but this was my first time here so it could have just been an unusual evening.
this is the worst indian food i have ever eaten, im british, i know about indian food, in England great indian restaurants are literally everywhere, i also have indian friends that cook for me often, i have avoided going for indian food, since moving here a few years ago, i tried a couple of times at first but it was always awful, this place however was highly recommended, by some now ex friends.....this was not indian food. i ordered a selection of around 9 vegetarian dishes for friends to share, the only flavour any of the dishes had was salt. it was a disaster. what is with the salt! im guessing the cooks are not indian and if they are they have not had proper indian food for a long time, it was completely disrespectful to india! avoid at all costs, although saying that maybe avoid indian food in the whole of nyc, if this is what is considered good indian food then it obviously doesnt exist.absolutely rubbish!
Pearl Indian Food is a gem of a neighborhood restaurant.  Despite the somewhat tacky decor,  the food is some of the best Indian food I've had in NYC,  and certainly the best in this area.  The mutter mushroom has incredible depth of flavor and the saag is great.  They'll even make dishes for you that aren't on the menu - ask for peshwari naan (coconut and raisin)!
The food here is excellent as is the service. The prices are great and it's BYOB, you can't go wrong! Definitely an excellent addition to the neighborhood.
Love the lunchtime special discount. The food is tasty, done right, and good portions are served.
Very excited about this new place! Really delicious chutneys to start and dishes made with care and good ingredients. Not your typical bland indian. 1/2 priced apps on weekends is nice and the fish tika and ginger shrimp were fresh and great. I'm pleased:)
We ordered Chicken tikka masala & Malai Kofta for take out - both were veryy good! We had ordered from Bombay Masala the week before based on Yelp reviews, and were quite disappointed. This place has way better chicken tikka masala!
I find their prices to be higher than most in the area. However the meat has less fat/gristle. We called in an order and picked it up. You can tell it was rushed -- basmati rice wasn't fully cooked; and the Poori was like cardboard on the bottom. I know my Indian food and although the person I spoke with on the food tried to tell me, "This is how it's supposed to be," I'm not buying that. Won't go back again.
I love Indian and although this place doesn't offer Shrimp Vindaloo, they always agree to make it for me. DE-LI-CIOUS. It's BYOB and has been a great addition to my favorite neighborhood restaurants.
I have yet to get a bad dish from here, and I'm here all the time. The 50% off lunch special is the best. I plan on going somewhere new for brunch, but I always end up here.
We ordered delivery for dinner. The food arrived before the 45 minute stated time, which was good, but in general the quality was lacking. The chicken tika masala was really dry and the sauce was watery. The chana masala was fine, but I've definitely had better. And the saag paneer was more creamed spinach than anything else. There's better options nearby.
Great food, fast service, big portions and they actually read the instructions. Recommend it.
Solid Indian food. Not the absolute best ever, but for the price/quantity/quality, certainly worth it. I will go back. AMAZING 50% off lunch special.
We love this place. The food has always been great and the owner friendly and welcoming. A big plus is being able to bring your own wine with no corkage charge! We are moving back to LA and will miss this place. Highly recommended!
food is always pretty on point. delicious samosas and tandoori chicken. korma and tikka masala slightly on the sweet side but well spiced. my favorite Indian delivery place in the neighborhood.
very tasty!   Better than all the other spots in PH and CH
Surprisingly good. I only got delivery, so I can't comment on their service (although the decor looks pretty low budget). The delivery was speedy. I got their combo dinner of one app and one entry for $14. Lots of food showed up at my door. Samosas were still crispy and had good flavor. And they came with four little cups of dipping sauces. The chicken tikka masala was equally flavorful and not too heavy. All in all, I think it is better take-out Indian than Bombay (right down the street), although Bombay has much nicer decor and lighting so that might be better for dining out. Welcome to the neighborhood!
Love this place so much. Wish the deal on seamless applied in store (app+entree+naan $14), but what you get is so worth it. They've always got Bollywood and Indian music videos on TV, and the owner is super nice and friendly. There are always tables available, but take note, this place is BYOB. Everything I've ever gotten has been fantastic.
I had a really great take out experience with Pearl. I took advantage of their 14$ deal which came with an appetizer, main course, and naan. The food came very quickly and was pipping hot. The samosas were very tasty and the perfect texture. The Saag Paneer was the best version I have ever had. The naan and chutneys were delicious. There was more food than I was expecting. I strongly recommend the deal especially if you are a little price shy of Pearl's menu.
