Living in Carroll Gardens, I'm still heartbroken that this restaurant is no longer on Court Street.I've eaten there so many times but I guess it means that I will have to visit them at their new location. Still, it was so convenient to have Dosa Royale in the 'hood.
So delicious and creative. Had a type of dosa I've never tried before, and a great sesame-seed-based drinks.
I wish Yelp had a negative rating option. Ordered take out from Dosa. The food was cold. The rice tasted like it came directly out of the fridge. The somosa was mushy and bland. The dosa was cold and disgusting. Save yourself the $50 and eat somewhere else.
Great new spot in my neighborhood!! This is an Indian (mostly vegetarian) little restaurant, cozy and familiar. They have great lunch menu options starting at $9.Delicious food and super fast service along with fair prices. So glad of having this new vegetarian spot in Clinton Hill.They don't accept credit/debit cards but there is a FREE FEE ATM located on the back!
I've ordered from this place 3 times now and don't have anything positive to say. I had to cancel my last order because who ever was working there decided to schedule my deliver for the next day at 12:30pm. Seamless deliver was set for ASAP and the delivery estimate was 45 min. I waited an hour and looked at the email and saw that whoever was working rescheduled my deliver for the next day. I would expect a phone call from the restuarant if there is anything that comes up with an order, like if they were out of something or they weren't going to bother to deliver the food. This was the last straw for me. I won't be ordering from here again or recommending it as there are much better options in the hood.My other experiences here were not great either. The Avial Curry was overpriced for the portion and extremely bland. I was really disappointed with this after seeing a picture of it. The Masala Dosa was just okay.
Extremely poor service. Had to wait an hour and 15 minutes just to get our order, and the dosas still came out cold. People who came in after us were getting their food and finishing it before we got any of our main entrees. On top of everything, they built in a 20% tip; they deserved nothing. Will not be coming back.
What a monstrous dosa! These Indian stuffed crepe-like things are HUGE (probably close to 24" across). Good news: bigger is better. The dosas that I've tried are crispy and filled with the good stuff. Go for the Spinach & Paneer cheese for a nice vegetarian meal, it won't disappoint.Our table also enjoyed the "Chicken 65" & Cauliflower Lasuni as appetizers. The chicken bites were flavorful and sauce-covered. A little bit of spice and a lotta bit of flavor. The Cauliflower had more kick to it. Both were great starters.For the curry, I'd suggest that you pair your option with the "yogurt rice". This was an interesting, thick basmati-style rice with extra flavor from a plain yogurt that it was combined with. I'm sure that you won't go too far astray when you order any of the "mains" from the curry selection.P.S. Alcoholic Ginger Beer ($6) - Who knew!? Served with a glass of crushed ice and a slice of lime, this was a delicious addition.
Great place! I walk by this place every day and have heard about it for a while but while I love Indian food I don't eat it often because I find a lot of places to be greasy and heavy. Not the case here. Ordered the spinach and paneer dosa and ate in. It is humongous! The dosa is crispy and light and the filling tasted fresh and not oily and very flavorful. I looked at some other reviews and am wondering if a compromised experience was bases in takeout or delivery. I would probably eat this in the restaurant as I cant imagine the texture holding as well in a to go box. Service was super fast during lunch hour. Definitely will be back!!
People!! Stop ordering dosa for delivery!!! I'm sure the restaurant is happy for your business, but know that when you don't eat it right off the pan, it WILL be cold and soggy! It's like complaining that you left a pizza in the rain and don't understand why it's wet... or something equally ridiculous. I'm South Indian. My mom still makes me dosas on the weekend. So I'm allowed to scold you. This is a great dosa place and the other food items are excellent. Loses a star for high prices (even for Brooklyn and cash only status). One more time: stop ordering dosas on seamless.
More like 3.5 stars. Basic Indian food featuring dosas. I tried the cauliflower , Which tasted like faux buffalo wings rather than cauliflower. I would skip that . I also tried chicken korma which was good, needed more spice if you ask me as dosa with curried potatoes which was also good, next time I'd try a different filling. It's cash only -which is inconvenient .  Inside looks more like a take out place.Overall it was good/okay.
I and my husband checked this place out last week, on a busy Friday evening. Overall it was alright, we left this place with some mixed feelings though.They take only CASH- what an inconvenience! Food- great taste, very pleased with the flavors, portion was alright. Service- I give 2 starts for the mediocre service, the lady server was not attentive, did not even ask how the food was.. she was busy.. maybe that's why?? Hmm... We decided to plan to go back and give another chance since the food was great.
Went to the one Carroll Gardens a few times and was happy to see this one open. Tucked away on a mostly residential block of dekalb, it's easy to miss. But the food is great, service quick and friendly. A+ for the dosas, which are beautiful and super tasty. The space itself is fairly unassuming: high ceilings and clean walls, minimal and modern. A nice spot if you're looking for something in the neighborhood that isn't too expensive or loud and good for sharing. Side note: while filed under vegetarian/vegan, they also have a regular assortment of meat options. Though indeed, the vege options are plentiful.
I wish there was room for negative stars. I love dosa. I have family from south india so I know my dosas. 1. There were like 4 staff members just hanging in the back and it took AGES to get service.2. They forgot part of our order then tried to charge us for it3. The food came slowly and cold4. portions were small for the price and not very good5. Their masala in the masala dosa was wrong. The spices weren't right and the potato didn't have the right texture. Also there was very little for the size of the dosa. 6. their dosas are drenched in ghee. It's all you could taste. Even my dad remarked it was the worse dosa he had.7. The pricing is way to high for the service and food. I could make a better meal faster at home.This is very sad since it has dosa in its name. I would recommend you run in the opposite fucking direction rather than go here. I get that there aren't any great indian places around but find somewhere else. Do yourself a huge fucking favor.
I'm South Indian.  The place is great.  All the (very few) Indians I know who live in this neighborhood are regulars there and one friend even had them cater her wedding.  (Also to other reviewers - stop ordering North Indian food at this South Indian restaurant and then reviewing them as not as good as if you had gotten them at other North Indian restaurants?)The only reason I'm reviewing this is because I'd like people to be aware that dosa is a brunch item!!!  My white partner told me that white people don't know that, and that's why every time we go there for brunch we have no wait, and there are only other brown people there at brunchtime!  I've waited a while to write this because it's GREAT to go to a brunch place with no line in Fort Greene!  But then I decided that I do like the restaurant and want them to succeed, so as a service to them I'm letting you all know to please start going there for brunch which is a very logical and normal time to be going to a dosa restaurant :)
Awful! It has been an hour and a half and the food is still not here and guy on the phone was rude about it.
Great dosas. Starters and desserts are average. Service is curt/impersonal but efficient enough. Space is nice but very noisy when full- nothing to absorb sound.Cash only- ??? Very annoying.
I went to Dosa Royale went it was in Cobble Hill. I was in the mood for dosa and some friends recommended we go to Dosa Royale. I was thinking "dosa in Brooklyn?" I was thinking of going to Jackson Heights (Queens). Well, I decided to go along with Dosa Royale, not expecting much, in terms of authenticity, from a place located in a gentrified neighborhood.However, I was pleasantly surprised. The décor was elegant. I ordered the sweet potato dosa and was very satisfied. We also ordered a paneer dish to share which was also delicious. Also, the staff was very helpful in helping my friends choose a dosa (both never had dosa). Overall satisfied and will definitely go to their new location.
Wonderful people, beautiful space, excellent prices and all pale in comparison to the quality of the food. My good friend from Chennai, in for just a week, joined me for my first visit to Dosa Royale and agrees.See you soon friends.
Solid place for dosa! Nice staff, clean restaurant, good food. The rest of the dishes that I saw coming out of the kitchen looked great. I recommend it.
Not the best Dosa I've ever had, but certainly edible...though the one I ordered (Spinach & Paneer) was a little light on the spinach & paneer...not much filling.  I'm sure I'll be back, but not my favorite.  Warning:  cash only...but they have a cash machine with no fee.
I went to the old location in Cobble Hill once before it closed and I was super excited for the opening in Ft. Greene. I stalked the location for weeks before they opened and then went two days in a row. Had dosas both nights. The second night we shared a family dosa that is somehow larger than the regular 2 ft dosa. It's been awhile since I've been at a restaurant where I wanted to try everything on the menu but everything looks great (different types of curry, idli, chaat, etc.). Prices are totally reasonable for the quality and size.Some of the tastiest dosas I've had besides the ones I at in Kerala in South India.
If I was rating it on food alone I would give it a five. The service was friendly but not very organized, the waiter did not write down our order and forgot to bring a couple of items. I would go there again South Indian food is not easy to come by and the preparation was excellent.
Soggy, cold and they knew they'd forgotten a major part of our order, their specialty dish Dosa Royale, called us to confirm that we still wanted it (uh, yeah) then "remade it so it wouldn't be cold", sent it an hour later, cold. No discount or refund. Lentil dish was like hospital food. Terrible.
Great food, including the most amazing ginger chutney in the world. And the staff literally couldn't be nicer. Do yourself a favor and go eat here. (Backstory: Dosa Royale used to be on Court St. and we loved it. Then they disappeared. Rediscovered them at their little stand at Brooklyn Flea in DUMBO over the summer, and found out about the DeKalb Restaurant. Went there a few nights ago, and I'm soooo happy we did. Can't wait to go back. This place is a treasure.)
This place has a beautiful and quiet backyard and very delicious food at reasonable prices. It's become a go-to for my family. Get the lunch special curry and any of the dosas. Very friendly staff also!!
Really really mediocre, and you pay extra for the hipster aesthetic. Food took 20 minutes longer than they said to arrive, and arrived ice cold. Curries we're boring. Ordered the kabob and the portions was way too small for the price. We were disappointed.
I have never had less satisfying Indian food. Crazy Small portions for the prices they charge and the flavor is weak. All the modern decor isn't worth it. Go to someplace more traditional. It's harder to go wrong
I agree with everyone who said overpriced. $16 including tip for spinach curry with chicken and no apps. For delivery stick to the spots that offer an app, entree, and naan bread special for a similar price. Maybe in-person is better.
I've come to this place several times and it's been great. Today I had the same dish--the eggplant curry--as I had a week ago. Last week it was fantastic. Today it was beyond terrible. It was the worst curry I've had in my life. I've lived in NY a long time and know what the quality continuum is like for restaurants. This was beyond that. It was like eggplant curry flavored water. I've been served uncooked chicken before, and this was at that level. It was completely inedible. You could tell simply by looking at it how bad it was going to be. I called and told them very politely how bad it was, and they simply told me they would tell the chef. They were polite, but this is the kind of thing that makes you wonder and hesitate about going back.
Great place to grab some Indian takeout. The space is great and staff is friendly. I'll make the next visit soon.
I am very excited for a South Indian restaurant to pop up in this neighborhood!  The masala dosa and the onion rava masala dosa were both delicious.  I can't wait to go back and try the other South Indian dishes on the menu!  Go there and abstain from ordering the usual North Indian fare.  You won't be disappointed!  Logistical p.s.:  Cash Only but they do have an no fee ATM in the back.  And huge backyard!
Thrilled to have a south indian place in the neighborhood.  The decor is casual and inviting.  The dosas were very good - particularly the dosa bearing its namesake.  What a lovely masala filling that was.  I don't know what some of these people writing reviews were expecting from the service, but then being indian myself, i know what obnoxious classist pricks indians can be.  They probably deserved it for waving their hands in the air at the staff as though they were dogs and generally wanting everything changed around to suit their family's tastes.  Live on Dosa Royale!  Run the bastards out into the streets!!  I will be sure to come and enjoy the comforts of home many many times over.
Decided to try this place for lunch delivery and all in all it was just ok.  I had the Royale vepudu which was chicken breast seasoned well.   The Ulunthu vada which are lentil donuts had a great consistency but lacked in lentil flavor for me.   I also don't think the accompanying sauce goes well with it.   The paratha was ok, a little tough; the gulab jamun was chewier than I am used to but tasty.  I would consider ordering from there one more time but I do think there are some better options in Indian restaurants.  Delivery was timely.
I've been to great dosa places in Queens, such as Ganesha Temple Canteen and Samudra, and this place is right up there with those. I got as an appetizer the vendakai poriyal, an okra and yellow split pea dish that was amazing, just exploding with flavor and tasting like comfort food at the same time, a difficult balance to achieve. My saag paneer dosa with its accompaniments was also absolutely delicious, not the least bit greasy. The actual spinach and cheese wasn't a soupy mush, the way it sometimes is. You could taste the individual flavors and textures. Even the mango lassi I got had a delicate, not over-sweetened, taste. I'll definitely be coming back and bringing friends with me.
With all the Indian restaurants in Manhattan, we traveled from Chelsea to Brooklyn especially for the Southern Indian cuisine at Dosa Royale.  They hold true to the southern region cuisine, rather than offering Saag or Biriyani and Naan bread like every other Indian restaurant in the city.  The fried lentil donut starter was awesome, as well as the Paruppu Masiyal and the massive 3x Dosa (Dosa with 3 fillings- I forget the name).  Not overly spicy - so the kids could enjoy, as well.  Our waiter was super friendly, and a bonus was receiving an extra full wine glass!  Thank you Dosa Royale!  We will be back.
So I'm not really a fan of South Indian cuisine but this place is an exception. If you could survive off South Indian food, this place should be on the top of your list. I got the chicken 65 and the chennai style fish curry. Both of which were lip smacking-ly delicious. What better way to wrap your amazing meal with their madras coffee. Great service. I would definitely go back.
Delicious & out of the ordinary offerings~ as well as some standards.  Loved my sweet potato dosa & mango lassi!  Place is colorful, clean, modern with fun details.  Service was quick, attentive & kind.  Please open in Greenpoint!
Dosa Royale is the real deal and definitely the most authentic Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. Prices are higher but so is the quality. I've never had the dosas but love the curries, which are very, very spicy! My favorites are the lamb chettinad, kolumbu (had it with chicken last time), and the chennai fish curry. Definitely get a side of yogurt or a lassi to help combat the serious heat from the curries! We also had the samosa chaat last time as an appetizer which is chopped vegetable samosa with chutneys, tamarind and cilantro on top. It was really delicious and will probably order it every time now. They also have an assortment of different rices. The lemon rice is particularly good with my favorite fish curry!My only complaint is that I wish the restaurant was more cozy same for the backyard. The design is a little cold and antiseptic with very bright lights (maybe just dimming would make a big difference?) so it's not a restaurant I like to go to but instead I typically get delivery since I really do love the food! When we have eaten there the cocktails were superb and service good. Definitely your best bet for authentic, high-qualify Indian in the neighborhood.
Possibly the best dosas in NYC. Rava dosa had a huge crepe and the chutneys were delicious! It's cash only.
Overpriced, and not very good. We ordered the veg samosas to start and they were bland. I had to cover mine in chutney completely, and they still weren't very good. Followed with the staple, a lamb curry. The lamb was "gamey", and considering you purchase rice apart from your meal, it's quite expensive for the size. My wife had a dosa. Very cool looking, but nothing special as well. Wouldn't recommend.
The food itself was fine--the dosa was a good sized portion but the lamb samosas were dry. The service was pretty lacking from start to finish. We ordered our food and even though I very clearly remember ordering a regular potato masala dosa, what came out was the sweet potato masala. It wasn't a big deal but when I just let the waiter know, he shook his head and told me word for word "no, you ordered the sweet potato. I took your order and that's what you said." I tried to politely disagree but he was pretty adamant and kept telling me I ordered the sweet potato as if I were a 5 year old. Even if I did say the wrong item, there is no need to be rude and repeatedly tell the customer that they were wrong. He finally told me I should try the sweet potato and then decide. Again, it wasn't a huge deal but I've never had that type of response and I felt disrespected over something that could have easily been resolved.Tl;dr, the food was ok and not worth the pretty appalling and condescending waitstaff. Don't bother.
When I spot me some dosa, there is a very slim chance I'll be able to resist and that is precisely what happened when I saw these guys at Smorgasburg. I broke my rule of only going for places that don't have actual storefronts and gave in to temptation. I couldn't decide between the regular masala dosa and the spinach paneer dosa ($9 each) and upon voicing my dilemma, the nice girl taking my order told me they can do half and half for $1 more - SWEET! Within minutes I had a freshly made, hot crispy dosa in my hands and I hungrily ripped it open to get at the fillings. While the dosa itself was overall excellently made with good flavor, I had a few minor gripes:1. The masala potato chunks were WAY too big. It's hard to eat such large pieces of heavy starch. 2. They forgot to put paneer in my dosa!! It didn't take away too much from the taste, but I was really looking forward to some melty cheese.3. I could've used a bit more spice, but that's understandable considering the primary audience they're catering to.The dosas are bigger and a bit more expensive at their storefront (~$12) so I was happy I still got a well-sized dosa for my $10. The chutneys that came with it were solid too.Overall, really more like 3.5 stars, but bumping them up for potential!
The dosa, curry and samosa chaat were fantastic! I will definitely come back again. The service was also great and made us feel at home. Very well priced for the amount of food we had.
Dosa Royale is an approachable Indian restaurant for someone trying Indian food for the first time. The ambiance and the cocktails fit the hipster/yuppie neighborhood really well, and the place is a lot of fun to chill and people watch. While I haven't tried the cocktails myself, the bar menu is creative and well curated. In addition, the food tends to be mild for the first timer. The waitstaff are not Indian, but are well versed in the menu and happy to make you feel comfortable. And the kitchen has a large window where you can see the masters at work and observe their authentic technique.  Dosa Royale is notable for its SOUTH Indian food. Please don't come here expecting palak paneer and chicken tikka masala. What you DO come here for are the thalis, which are platters of a little bit of everything, and the namesake dosas, which are gigantic lentil crepes, which come with different kinds of fillings. And for Andy, yes, its normal for the filling to take up only 30% of the dosa. You rip off the crispy dosa shell to pick up the filling inside. Dosa Royale will happily serve vegetarians and meat eaters alike, and while I find that a few dishes in the thali are super spicy, the majority of the foods prepared are made mild unless you ask otherwise. Flavors here trend a little sour - much less cream/ghee and sugar than Americanized North Indian food. They don't puree the food into thick gravies. Portions are just right - I leave full and happy. Prices are indicative of the neighborhood and clientele. If you're looking for cheap dosas, go visit the dosa cart in Washington Square Park. If you're looking for South Indian food translated to modern day Brooklyn, you're in the right place.
I eat a lot of dosas, generally in life. Dosas, as a food item, should be tangy, spicy, have a light crunch to the edges, and go great with a coconut chutney. The fillings can range from simply a bit of lovely potatoes, to a nice medley of spiced vegetables and meats, and dosas can even come with he dough spiced.What I had here at Dosa Royale, unfortunately, was pile of unseasoned vegetable mash contained within a flavorless tortilla. I had the namesake menu item, the Dosa Royale.I poured all the chutney on top of it and still it wasn't enough to bring enough flavor to this (I should mention, very expensive) item.The place gets a star because the little side cup of soup was decent and the vegetables were clearly fresh, thankfully.Makes me feel bad to write this because the guys who work there are really nice, and I once had a great dosa from their Smorgasberg food stand, where I had the Masala Dosa.If you do go here, maybe just get a the Masala dosa and report back with findings.
The only Indian thing about this place is the name Dosa! Everything else is mediocre at best, this place caters to hipsters who don't know any better. The worst thing at Dosa Royale is the cold sauces served as stews.Do yourself a favor and stay away unless tasteless and stale dishes are your thing. I would give this place no stars if I could.
This is a great place to get dosa. We had the masala dosa and the spinach paneer dosa. It was huge! It was tasty. The sambar had curry leaves and drumsticks, which are essential to establishing bona fides with respect to sambar. The coconut and tomato chutneys were consistent throughout. The dosa itself was crisp. There was an additional charge for more chutney, which is definitely out of character for indian restaurants- at least the south of India. The portions for other items are a bit small but looking forward to eating here again. A great place to wade into the complex seascape of Indian cuisine.
Overpriced hipster dosas. I'm noticing that overpriced hipster [insert food] is becoming a thing in NY.We had high hopes for Dosa Royale...very high hopes. And, good thing off the bat: service was outstanding, and I don't want to take anything away from it. Unfortunately, there were a bunch of misses, and it didn't sit well with me.I went with my roommate--we each got a cocktail, and then we split the "Dosa Royale" and the "Onion Rava."The Dosa Royale is supposed to be a mix of three items--spinach and paneer, masala dosa (spiced potato), and mixed vegetable. They let us sub in sweet potato, as it was the special of the night.The Royale arrived and it was MASSIVE. We needed to see the fillings, so my roommate opened it up...and I'm glad she did. I don't know if this was normal or not, but ours was maybe about 30% full. Yes, that's right--this giant, $18 dosa was 30% full. On top of that, ALL of the three varieties were mushed together, with little to separate them. Oh, and the spinach and paneer? Well, they didn't put paneer in it. Thankfully, they brought some out. I mean, really? Come on, guys--that's just an amateur mistake.The sweet potato, what was actually in there, was good. I couldn't even tell if we got veggies because of the mushed up mess. Spinach was decent, and the paneer (when we finally got it) was good.The onion rava, though, was bleh. I mean, I just wasn't impressed. Whereas the filling (what little there was) of the royale was good, the rava was just kind of a weird, chunky mess. The gunpowder sauce, which cost an extra $1, was mediocre.They also give you sauces with the dosa, and honestly, everything was kind of a let down--the mint/coriander chutney was watery and tasted inauthentic, the coconut one was bizarre, and the red/orange one (not sure what it was) was pretty decent.I understand Dosa Royale is relatively new, but if you're going to charge these prices, you NEED to have the food to back it up. $18 for a massive, mostly empty dosa is unacceptable.I'm undecided if I'll go back. This was a pretty disappointing experience--both for my palate, and my wallet.
I visited Dosa Royale on Dekalb in Clinton Hill. The masala dosa was delicious. I ordered mysore to make it spicier for an extra 50 cents. Servers very attentive, restaurant clean. Will be back for sure.
Incredibly lackluster and disappointing. The chicken korma, my girlfriend's favorite dish, was very watery, with neither body nor subtle interplay of tastes.I can't even remember what I ordered, merely that it was a waste of money.
Dosa Royale is a neat bar/restaurant with a window into the kitchen. It has decent mid-range alcohols and some interesting custom cocktails paired with (Southern) Indian 'street foods'. Unlike street food in India or a number of Indian restaurants in Brookyn, Dosa Royale has some high prices: Tamarind Rice for $5, Veggie Samosas for $6, and a lamb curry for a whopping $15. The food goes down easily - no complaints there - but the prices are a bit hard to swallow. :)Having said that, there are deals to be had. The dosas, starting at $10 are HUGE. One can easily feed two people. So ordering a single dosa and sharing it with your significant other can be both romantic and cost effective. Though I haven't tried it yet, Dosa Royale also offers a lunch which includes a choice of curry, choice of rice, salad and raita all for less than $13. Not  bad, not bad at all. And, to be totally fair, the staff are very friendly.
Disappointing start to finish.The positives: The wait staff are friendly, helpful, and mostly efficient. The garden space in back is quite nice. Everything was clean and well maintained.The rest: The cuisine is rather lacklustre. The thali is a mishmash of small little servings on one platter. Each serving is about the size of a small ramekin or a large condiment cup. Each dish is utterly bland. There were as well 2 soups included in this. Both in the same small ramekins as the other items. One tasted of canned minestrone, the other of nothing. Oh, and we never did get spoons. The dosa are, to be sure, quite massive. Think of a giant crepe cooked until it begins to get crunchy, then rolled over servings of whatever is on offer. Ours was the signature Dosa Royale containing for all intents and purposes under seasoned home fries with a whip of curry flavour, stewed mixed veggies that tasted of little more than overcooked vegetable medley, and something I never could quite identify - either by its appearance or its total lack of flavour.At least the beer was cold.
Dosa Royale has such a steady slew of positive reviews so far for a new restaurant that I was starting to think all the owner's friends were just writing good reviews to help a brother out. Whether or not that's the case, EVERYTHING YOU'VE READ ABOUT THIS PLACE IS TRUE. This really is exactly what Carroll Gardens, or really anywhere outside of Curry Hill, needs. Dosas, glorious dosas! This place is maybe a bit more expensive than your typical Indian joint, but this place is also much better than your typical no-frills Indian joint. The atmosphere is upbeat and lively, decked out with basic but modern touches, and Dosa Royale is creatively written on the brick wall in Tamil. We dined here on a Monday night and just barely beat the crowds - I can't imagine most places get this busy on a Monday. We started with a few drinks, but I really did have a hard time choosing just one (it was just a Monday after all). I decided on the Pondicherry Punch, which was nice and fruity but not too girly because of the bitters. The Gimlet Royale also looked good, mostly because it was made with actual pink peppercorns, and the traditional mango lassi looked frothy and festive with some freshly grated nutmeg on top. We decided to go with the place's namesake, the Dosa Royale, a massive dosa stuffed generously with 3 different fillings - spinach and paneer, mixed vegetables and potato masala. Seriously, this thing was maybe a foot and a half long. I'm not sure where one filling started and the other one stopped, but every bite was delicious. The dosa was thin and just crispy enough on the edges but soft enough in the middle to hold it all together. I love a meal you can eat with your hands. As big as it was, the 2 of us somehow had no problem finishing it off. We also shared the Chettinad lamb which was perfectly spicy and bursting with complex flavors. We were just full enough at this point but couldn't say no to some gulab jamun for dessert. These three small balls of honey soaked fried deliciousness was just the right amount - what a nice way to end a great meal. I'm already thinking about the things I'm going to order when I come back, which will be very soon!
I was just thinking to myself the other day, "this part of Brooklyn lacks a good Indian restaurant."  And as if Hanuman or Ganesh heard this desperate mortal's cry for help, they graced Carroll Gardens with this splendid dosa nirvana. Dosa, if you don't know, is a crepe-like specialty of South India. It can be made with rice batter, or lentils or buckwheat (and even quinoa). And they are usually stuffed with all sorts of vegetables, like potatoes, tomatoes, and cheese. The dosa is usually accompanied with different chutneys, and comes with a soup. Now, I hail from the land of dosas in New York. I live very close to the Ganesh Temple in Queens (which has a cantina in the basement and Anthony Bourdain has been known to frequent it), so my expectations for dosas were quite high. I was a bit skeptical when we entered. Well, skeptical may not be the right word. But here is my initial feeling, "wow, this place is so cute!"  Exposed brick, beautiful industrial bulbs, an aesthetically pleasing Buddha statue behind the bar, and cute cute elephant statues perched high above. Not to mention, beautiful barmaids and waitresses. "Wait, this can't be a dosa joint, right?"  What I am used to is a no-frills dosa joint which usually looks like some Chinese fast-food takeout serving delicious dosas with no ambiance to be found at all.The place was packed on a Sunday night, clearly everyone in the neighborhood found out about this place at lightning speed (they opened on Dec 17), and we were given the option to eat at the bar. We gladly sat down at the cozy bar and immediately greeted by the beautiful and helpful barmaid. They have a few good beers on tap, so I ordered a Kelso nut brown lager. Many choices of wine and cocktails on the menu (including Pondicherry Punch, love the name)!This place is very veggie friendly, so bring that vegetarian in your life here and wow their saris off! We ordered a veggie dosa and also a potato dosa. Now, what impressed me, is that the chef is clearly of Indian descent and he brought out each dish to the table, a very subtle but intelligent gesture to convert skeptics like me into lovers of this place. The dosas were accompanied with coconut and tomato chutney and also a soup. Both dosas were excellent, and spicy. But what I have to say is that the tomato chutney was excellent, by far the best chutney I have ever had. Portion sizes are large here, so two dosas were more than enough. We lingered a little bit longer after eating, chatting and enjoying the lovely ambiance. Great food, good drinks, and beautiful people make for a lovely night out in BoCoCa!**As we were eating, a woman in athletic gear walks into the restaurant and sidles up to the bar and says with exasperation, "this is a dosa place?" Yes, lovely, yes indeed it is a dosa place and it is fantastiic!
Wow, the food and service was amazing! I went for the first time to celebrate my friend's birthday. We were a large group and we came right as they were closing. They stayed open, the service was quick and the food was amazing! And they were some of the friendliest wait staff I've ever experienced. I'll definitely be back!
Very rude service.. They just wanted us to get out.. a cash only place in 2016?? Wow. And they couldn't even give us time to finish our food!!
Scouring around for a thirst quencher that was reasonably priced, I was brought to Dosa Royale at Smorgasburg. The mango lassi was fruity but it's more of a smoothie rather than a refreshment. I guess you could say it's a bang for buck if you're hungry and thirsty. The vendors were very friendly and put some extra ice in it when I found the drink to be too warm.
So damn good. Yes, pricier than standard Indian joint, but this is an entirely different restaurant. Most Indian restaurants are North Indian curry places, whereas this is Southern Indian (a rarity in general, and especially in Bk). I think it's actually gotten better since my first visit a couple years ago. The drinks are wonderful, but, as I learned last night thanks to caviar.com, delivery is great too.
Very delectable and amazing food. Atmosphere and music is very calm and mellow. The waitress is very nice and made our time enjoyable. The kadai is to die for. Chappati was very soft and amazing on the tongue. Will defiantly come back again. Food is worth the money
Everything in this place is a mess.Food was a little bad, considering that they have high recommendation from my friends. Yeah its kinda bad to eat the things that your friends recommended.Service was also a joke. Not gonna let myself be in this place again.
Terrific, fresh South Indian. The closest to the real thing I've had in NYC, other than maybe Saravana's (and a lot less greasy). It is a little pricy, but the food quality is more than worth it.Despite the name, the highlights to me are the curries. Lamb Chettinad is unreal, complex, and bowl-licking good -- especially over yogurt rice. The fried okra is exactly like South Indian home cooking, with fried mung daal and whole-leaf spices. Even the saag (added recently, probably because that's what we expect in an "Indian" restaurant) is insanely fresh and vibrant. But yes, the dosas, idlis, vadas are quite good as well, and the coconut chutney is especially good. Ambience inside makes it a nice date night, and the lovely backyard is a plus when it's nice out. Eat here. It's worth it. The only downsides to me are that the service can be a little spotty depending on the night, and that they stopped serving the Thali (if you're reading, please bring it back).
Excellent!! Loved it, food was awesome and so was the service. If you are craving some good South Indian food definitely try this place, they also have an awesome backyard
Fantastic and friendly! Came here for lunch one Sunday when everyone else in Brownstone Brooklyn was lining up for their eggs Benny -- if they only knew what they were missing -- and got the tiffin thali with an idli, a vada, and a mini masala dosa. Great meal all around. The chutneys in particular were terrific, both the ginger (which was special that day) and the regular ones. Masala chai afterwards was good too. My only complaint is that the sambar could have been a bit spicier. But it's great to be able to go to a real South Indian place without trekking all the way to Lexington Ave. Definitely coming back to sample the rest of the menu!
Having watched this place open, I felt it was necessary to check it out. It sounded great, the reviews were also pretty good, and come on... what's not to love about a dosa?I had high expectations because the prices, the atmosphere, and the reviews lead me to believe it would be great. However, I was misled. The dosas are pretty sparse and slightly on the expensive side.While I'm sure the owners have all the best intentions, I just cannot say that many positive things, which is a big problem because I love most types of Indian cuisine.Things that felt were in need of some improvement:Quantity of filling in the dosa, and better condiment options, the chutney's were boring. Was still hungry.Comfort (tables are crammed in, probably to fit the huge bar)Anyhow, I will return on a stealthy mission to see how things improve, because I really want this place to stick around. Look for an updated review, eventually.
This place is a hidden gem. I am coming back here cos it's a happy neighborhood and this place, for its food. Rava onion Dosa= amazing. Chutney= wowness. Kadai paneer = mind blowing !
We went there for our last meal in the neighborhood before moving. I was already sad to be leaving Clinton Hill, now I am downright heartbroken.  I am not a connoisseur of Indian food, but I know good food, and this place is good! The service was super friendly and perfectly accommodating to our 20 month old son. They even treated him to a free Lassi.  When we return to the neighborhood, we'll be sure to make a return visit.
Do yourself a favor and go here as often as possible. The food honestly could not be better or more authentic (I studied food anthropology in South India, and these rival the dosas that my Jain host mom made for me). The spinach and paneer dosa is my personal favorite -- the flavors of the spinach and homemade paneer are spectacular and mix perfectly with the plentiful and delicious sauces they include (if they have the cabbage sauce when you're there, give it a try, it's amazing). The semolina dosas are also great (rava masala especially), deliciously crispy and light while being super filling and generous portions. The quality of the ingredients and the technical skill they lavish on each of their dishes is wonderful.Finally, the staff are beyond nice -- they are so eager to welcome you to their brick-and-mortar location (they also sell at Smorgasbergs). I prefer eating in, but they also deliver.
OMG, THE CHUTNEYS!!! All of the them, but especially the coconut and the ginger. I NEED that recipe... they should just sell them in jars!I got the sweet potato dosa w/ mysore. Might be the best Dosa I've ever had. Perfectly filling.They don't have all the esoteric regional varieties you have at a place like Saravana Bhavan in Manhattan, but ultimately, the more varied and superb chutneys, and Dosa's with more varied fillings like sweet potato and mixed vegetable, plus super nice people, make this my new Dosa spot of choice. Haven't tried the curries, so cannot comment in that regard.
I'm a Brit. Brits know curry. These guys also know curry. We'd passed a few times and thought about going in. This time we passed at around dinner time and there were a few people inside. We thought we would give it a try and we were not disappointed!The food is reasonably priced and absolutely excellent. The menu isn't huge but that means that they can really focus on the dishes they do to the exclusion of all else. I can honestly say that the dosas my wife and I had were the best we had ever had. HUGE, packed with filling, served with flavourful sauces and delivered by smiling and pleasant staff. What's not to like?A big group of parents with kids came in part way through our meal. We offered to move table so they could all fit better. The waitress was so appreciative they gave us a free dessert - even though we made the offer to move ourselves and it didn't inconvenience us in the least.We'll go back. We'll probably go back a lot!
Love their food. It's really good but for some reason, we can't get a straight answer about what's vegan or not. We get a different story everytime. I would like restaurants to not only be accommodating but be honest as well.
I've been here only perhaps 5 times in the past year, but only because it's not in (or near) my neighborhood. This is the place I bring friends who are visiting to show them how amazing the food in NYC is. I have absolutely nothing critical to say about this place. The portions are pretty big, the food is fresh, the place seems super clean, and the service has always been spot-on. I've never had an issue getting a table either, though for the quality of food and service, I don't understand why there isn't a line out the door. Again, can't say enough good things. Wish there was one in Bushwick (actually, guys, I think you'd probably do really well around the Jefferson L....).Go there, now!
Delicious South Indian food in a sea of mediocrity. Their dosas and samosas are the freshest in the city. The Chicken 65 is addictive. Their chai and filter coffee are legit. I love sitting in their beautiful, serene, green garden and eating the foods of my childhood.
Very happy with this place. Def coming again. And this is coming from someone that lived in India for 15+ years.I've lived in Brooklyn for the last 7 years, and this is the only Indian restaurant that i left not bitching, far from that, I was very impressed. The food actually had great complex flavor, it felt like somebody cared about the cooking, not just a "oh these Americans will eat anything".For the diner that knows something about 'Indian' food - this is not a purist place from any one area in India, it's more of a South Indian cafe. experienceFive friends and I went here for dinner on a week night. The place was one third full.- the manager and the staff were very competent- the food came quickly, as did the bill, which I like- the place is very 'Brooklyn' with exposed brick / tin ceiling- it has a boss backyard- the kitchen is exposed, a rare move for an Indian restaurant in BkOf course I make my judgement on the things we ordered, so I can't claim that everything there is great. I do recommend :starters - the standard vada was crisp and fresh- the idli was light and spongy- the rasam was spiced just right- the coconut chutney samemains - the malabar shrimp curry was great- the lamb chetinad mutton was awesome- the paratha was perfectA few of my friends ordered the dosas, i only got a nibble of the onion rawa, which was good - but i didnt try the masala, so i cant give an opinion there.PS . I'd say pretty good value for money.
Wow.  Where to begin.  Tried this place out at Smorgasburg so I will say that there's a good chance that it may not have delivered on the same level as the actual restaurant.  The dude making the dosas was way too overconfident in his abilities and ended up burning/breaking our masala dosa TWICE (busy having side conversations, taking deliveries, and flirting with neighboring vendors as the hot plate was left ignored).  After the first flub, he offered us a free cucumber mint lemonade in remorse (hence the two stars) and after the second time, he tried to play it off like it didn't happen again, but at that point I was just interested in eating it regardless of how pretty it looked, so I didn't say anything.  And he kept repeatedly (4 times) asking me if I wanted my masala dosa spicy...  I was plenty loud and clear each time, so I'm not sure what that was about.Bottom line is, it wasn't worth the long, drawn out wait since the dosa itself was totally bland (masala-less masala dosa, yum!), the sambar (curry) on the side was freezing cold and tasteless, and the coconut chutney (also had no flavor) did nothing to cool down the spicy red sauce.  I've had way better dosa experiences for a lot less trouble and money.
2.5 stars! My friend and I were excited to find a dosa place in S. BK, but ended up disappointed. She wasn't thrilled with her dosa's spinach filling, though I thought it was tartly flavorful, especially compared to my dull  utthapam blob. The lentil fritters (forget what they called them, have seen them as Masala Vada elsewhere) were the highlight.The space is nice, and the service good. I'll try it again, but Curry Hill wins this round handily..
YO this place opened 2 days ago ? and has reviews form 2 years ago?   hey... it was good.  not sure, what is if any the difference between a dosa and a frankie?
Honestly the best dosa I have had outside of Queens or India.  Really tasty and fresh. I can't wait to go back- finally good Indian in Brooklyn!  This is what I have been waiting for.  The okra appetizer was awesome also!  It had the perfect ammount of crunch and heat!
Excellent dosas and very reasonably priced.  The staff is attentive and courteous.
What's better on a rainy Saturday than having piping hot dosas, lamb curry and coconut rice delivered to your door in 20 minutes? Dosa Royal does not disappoint; the food is always great. There are many wheat-free and gluten-free options. All of the curry dishes are amazing.
Solid neighborhood restaurant with great food and friendly service.It is pretty overpriced for what you get, although the flavors are very nice.  The fish curry is fantastic. Great spice.  So is the chicken 65 appetizer - a new addition to the menu and now favorite.  I'm not crazy about the dosas but I finally found that, for me, the best choice is the vegetable with paneer.  It's basically the dosa royale but a smaller version. The lamb curry tends to be a little on the dry side, and the chicken curry is pretty nice.  I like the thali a lot but noone will ever share it with me so I don't get to enjoy it as often as I like. It's not for everyone, I suppose.The service is five stars. Everyone there is very friendly. The bartenders remember you. The chef will bring out his special batch hot sauce on certain nights. It is a very warm environment that most "hipster" (to use a word common to many of the Dosa Royale Yelp reviews I've read) restaurants lack.  I'm looking forward to the summer when they open the backyard!
Had lunch today at Dosa Royale. Food was fantastic . Had seen this place on a tv show. We were visiting from West Virginia . Try the family dosa for sure. Great job.
Dosa Royale has a creative cocktail list as well as a variety of non-alcoholic options to choose from.  The majority of the menu options were Dosa's-like the name implies.  The Dosa's are of generous portion and are crispy on the outside and moist in the middle at the same time. Staff members are extremely friendly here and very willing to help.  When I looked up for my table to request an extra spoon the bartender came out from behind the bar right away.  The bar by the way, is a beautiful and inviting asset to the restaurant and apparently after next week outdoor dining will be available in the back.  Overall I enjoyed my experience because of the creative menu, the friendly atmosphere and the variety of options under each section of the menu.
Small spot on smith street with decent food.I don't think the food deserves more then 3 stars as it was just OK Service was good.Good for dinner with a few friends.
I stopped into Dosa Royale this past summer. The dosas were perfect and the service was on point! My friend and I got an appetizer and two different dosas so that we could try a few things in one meal. Everything was amazing. I will be back next time I'm in Brooklyn!
Very pleased with a Saturday lunch.  Keema samosa was light and greaseless -- the mint and tamarind sauces tasted homemade. A lentil vada was crisp, accompanied by spicy coconut chutney.  The massive royale dosa easily serves two for an entree as it should at $18. The masala and vegetable fillings were combined, something that wasn't explained properly. It came with 5 sauces -- an eggplant sambar,  tomato cream, coconut,  mint and a hummus colored sauce. A large and delicious dish.Service was good. The only disappointment was a small mimosa
I am not the biggest fan of Indian food, but I love this place. The fish curry is the best. I also like the okra app!
THE GOOD:I LOVE dosas--love love love--and these are close to the best I've ever had (in terms of the plain dosa itself, filling aside). If I were just judging this place on the dosa batter and preparation I'd give it five stars! Another five-star aspect is the samosa appetizer. It puts the mushy, microwaved grease-balls that I've had at other local Indian places to shame. I honestly didn't know samosas could be this good. The cilantro and tamarind chutneys that they come with are also superb and generous.My husband ordered one of the chicken curries and the sauce was truly amazing! I made him let me dip my dosa in it and couldn't get enough.I really appreciate the glassed-in kitchen. It shows that there is nothing funky to hide, and makes me trust the food and the people preparing and cooking it. THE BAD:The biggest con of this place, which admittedly may be unfair, but I just can't overlook it, is the space itself. I know that many restaurants in NYC are long and lean and require their patrons to move creatively (think side-shimmy, table-pulling-out, butt-bumping-water-glass style). I can deal with this, but the tables are just way too close together that it sucked the happiness out of my experience. Maybe it was plain bad luck to be nestled into a seat next to people who spoke loudly about inane crap. It happens.The fairer con that I have is that the dosa came with small smears of chutney and a soup but no spoon. The waitress was competent, but a little joyless and ready to rush us through the meal (she was quick to remove plates and glasses a little too soon). The masala potatoes (that I ordered in my dosa) were good but not amazing, and the paneer was shredded and lacked full flavor. THE UGLY:I wouldn't normally reveal how cheap I am, but for you, Dear Yelper, I will because I think my issue is indicative of a problem with Dosa Royale in general, which is that it's amazing food all wrapped up in a too-small package (not including the dosas, which are ample and priced well). $9 for a glass of wine is ok. $9 for a glass of wine served in an extra small coupe glass is a little embarrassing--both for me as a drinker and whoever came up with this idea. Ok, so it makes them more money, but when the bottle is $36, I expect more than a 4 oz. pour for $9. A little place with big taste, but strangely stingy touches. Go for the dosas and samosas!!
Went to Dosa Royale for dinner on a hot Monday night and it was almost full.  The space is basic in decor and actually quite loud -- I felt like my friend and I had to shout to hear each other.  Beyond that, the food was really good.  We shared the fried lentil doughnut appetizer which came with two doughnuts to an order and with two dipping sauces.  It was delicious, with black peppercorns in the dough that gave it a spicy, textural bite.  We also had the cauliflower lasuni, which was like "popcorn" cauliflower bites, very tasty (even though it was more fried food).  My friend had the lentil curry which was tasted clean and fresh; I had the mixed veggie uttapam which was a big vegetable pancake, similar to a thin frittata.  It tasted a lot like an omelette, doughy and slightly bland but it came with four dipping sauces which added lots of variety in flavors.  Despite it being busy, service was adequate and we agreed we would both return.  A nice addition to the neighborhood; note that they are cash only, which presumably helps keep the prices reasonable.
These folks charge for chopping onions and green chillies! Pretty pathetic and something I've never seen at any other Indian restaurant in the city. Nice enough ambience, though food was extremely bland- can't recommend it to a Desi or any lover of authentic Indian food.
It is great to have a place for dosas nearby. I have to say I still prefer Hampton chutney.  I found that the filling in the dosas was sparse. But it was flaky and yummy. The outdoor garden was a relaxing place to sit and the waitstaff was attentive and understanding that this was a quick bite before heading to the movies and that we were short on time. My son was happy with his dosa and felt that his also lacked the amount of filling that we are used to at Hampton chutney.
If you are interested in dining at dosa royale, you should go. Food is good, especially for Indian food in that neighborhood. It looks good enough in there and there are some interesting food options that you can share with friends.Having said that, there are definitely some ridiculous things going on there.First, the place looks like it's falling apart... AND they just opened a couple of months ago! Second, the service is kind of a mess and it starts with the manager/owner type who almost knocked me over and said "excuse me", then almost pushed me over  again to get to the back for some urgent reason.Third, the boring & typical Pandora/Spotify music was way to loud. I know that may sound trivial and too bitchy, but who wants to go deaf listening to hits from 8 years ago?!? And by the way, too many restaurants these days rely on those internet radio channels for their source of music. C'mon man!!! Pretty cheap and uninspiring. Why should I believe that the same people who won't take the time or care to make a curated playlist, would then take the time & care in every other function of a restaurant? Fourth, why do all of these new restaurants insist on adopting a corporate chain identity? Logos everywhere: t-shirts on servers, on the walls, on the menus. Please! I know where I'm eating at, there's a plain font sign right outside. It's as if they don't want you to forget, think that we are too stupid to remember or that they don't have any ideas on what else they can do. Either way, it's insulting and lame. A lot of these popular restaurants these days are guilty of this generic business practice. I choose to not give my time & money to Applebee's, why should we bludgeoned into boredom with uncreative business models?So there! Visit dosa royale.
Delicious! Spinach chicken curry was delicious. Service was very attentive and went out of their way to make our lunch pleasant. We even got free dessert on the house!
Dosa Royale is a great spot in the 'hood to hang out and have an affordable and delicious meal.  I will definitely be back!Atmosphere:  The inside is nice, but if its a nice day definitely head out back for the awesome backyard patio scene.  It's beautiful and quiet and very serene.Service:  Relaxed.  Friendly.  Efficient.Food:  Awesome.  I shared the Dosa Royale with a friend and it was plenty of food for the both of us.  We both noted that the dosa itself was relatively bland, but it's served with a bunch of chutneys and whatnot which push the flavor up substantially.  The fact that there are so many different sauces means you won't get bored flavor-wise.Drink:  Good selection of beers including some great craft options.  We did not try the cocktails, but they sounded great and seemed to be well-paired to the Indian flavors of the food.
By far the best Indian food I've had in New York in years. It's run by the loveliest people, and the service is very attentive. It's all very, very good. They serve the most incredible lamb curry, delicious dosas--get the big one, the Royale--with a nice wine list that includes Lambrusco and what looks like delectable cocktails. We will be back until we try the entire menu. Then we'll start over again.
Promising but let's you down if you're excited for dosas. Let me start with the good. Definitely the most inviting Indian restaurant I have been to. The staff is super friendly. And they have decent cocktails and a bar! Well, the reason one might go there, for the dosas - is where you're let down. The dosa was undercooked, tasteless and bland. Trust me, I have been eating dosas almost all my life, I can tell good from bad. The dosa was way too chewy. And quite honestly cardboard would have been a better substitute. The chutneys were average. Sambar tasted good. When I gave my honest feedback, I was told that the weather was affecting it. I mean, seriously?!? That's your flagship menu item. Your name has dosa in it. Try harder.
Vanakkam.Never expected Brooklyn to have  a south indian restaurant with such great food and ambience. It is pricey. But it is brooklyn. Anyone who likes indian food, should try atleast once this place. Kotthu parotta - Not great. Would avoid that. The best place is Karaikudi in edison still.Idly - Woohooo.....I would say very good. Rasam - Freshly made and was awesome. Worth a visit.Nanri..!
Yum! I would give 4 and a half stars if I could. What a relief to get some updated and fresh-feeling Indian food in the neighborhood. We had the spinach-paneer dosa which was thin, crispy and came with outstanding dipping sauces; and the lamb curry which was spicy and full of flavor, if a little meager portion-wise. Turned out to be enough for 2 people with a side order of the buttery ghee bread. Although if you were really hungry and ordered this as your main course it may not be enough. The kitchen very sweetly make us a side order of stewed spinach for our kid.I hope these guys do well. We will definitely be back to try some of the other dishes. Great selection at the bar including our favorite beer, Sixpoint Crisp.  Delightful experience which is impressive for opening week.
Honestly I wasn't a fan. The dosas were just ok but the seating was really bad. The stools or chairs they have are very uncomfortable. Sort of like old fashioned school chairs. The waitress was nice and the food came out promptly though!
went here for dinner on a Thursday night and although it wasn't packed the food was excellent and we didn't get sick.  that's pretty much a win for Indian food.  i will return.
I wish Yelp allowed half stars! I want to give Dosa Royale a 3.5 overall for the food and the warm service.My wife and I randomly met Emily, the manager of this restaurant at a New Yrs Eve party on the Lower East Side and she did a great job of marketing the restaurant! Given that we are both super into trying out new places, we thought we'd give it a shot.We roped a few of our friends in to make the trip to Brooklyn. We found the restaurant fairly easily, and it was nice to see Emily when we walked in. Since we arrived rather late for lunch (2:30), we were able to find a place immediately.We first ordered masala chais and Madras filter coffees which were really good.  The filter coffee in particular was a big hit. For starters, we ordered the Kothu Porotta and the Sukka Varuval. I thought the Kothu Porotta was just OK but the Sukka Varuval was  above average. Not exceptional, but pretty good.Our entre orders comprised of an assortment of Dosas, a Lamb Chettinad and a Chennai Fish Curry. I thought the lamb curry was pretty decent, but again, not exceptional. The Fish curry was also, well, not bad.The dosa eaters, however were not too pleased with their dosas. I had a few bites and thought they were fine, but not as good as Kokum or Sarvana Bhavan on Murray Hill. The potatoes were a bit undercooked and the dosas, when cold, became a bit chewey. After we finished our entres, one of the staff brought us a small assortment of curries to taste, which I thought was a particularly nice gesture.When we were done, we ordered the Parippu Payasam and the Carrot Halwa as dessert, both of which I thought were pretty good. The Payasam in particular brought back fond memories.Overall, we had a decent experience. Dosa Royale fills a void in this part of Brooklyn and caters to those with an affinity for decent South Indian food. Would I travel from Manhattan to Brooklyn just to eat here? Probably not - I think the places in Manhattan are a little better.However, this restaurant does serve good food, and the staff is warm and friendly. If you live in the area, it is def worth a try!
Was very excited to be have a south Indian restaurant so close to me in BK. Went with a couple friends to try it out. First of all we waited quite a long time to get seated which we didn't really mind as they have a good drink and wine selection at the front bar. When we finally got seated and ordered a round of cocktails, we were told one of them wasn't available. I ordered another one on the menu with pink peppercorns and although it was good I kept getting husks of the peppercorns in my mouth which wasn't pleasant.The food itself although fairly good needs further work. Having traveled around south India for a while I was excited for the idly (steamed rice dumplings) which were rather heavy and didn't come with enough coconut chutney. The dosa I ordered was large and tasty although overpriced for the what it was. The dipping sauces had large chunks of dried peppers that we had to work around. The service was courteous although a bit inefficient.Hopefully this place will come into it's own in the coming weeks and months. I look forward to another visit once they have their back and front of house in harmony and good working order.
We love Dosa Royale. I'm not an expert on South Indian cuisine, but their food was delicious to me and we go back regularly. The Paruppu Masiyal curry, Rava Masala dosa, and Vendakai Poriyal appetizer are our favorites. Highly recommended.
Good cocktails and decent snacks, but the dosas and other mains need to be improved. I'm judging from really high standards (my mom and grandma are amazing cooks), but I expect a lot from a $12 dosa in a city like NY. Dosa making is a really nuanced process and can present a number of challenges, and making sure they are served perfectly hot and crispy but tender takes a lot. The condiments are hit or miss too, rasam needs more depth. I hope they do improve because the people there are really nice and it would be fantastic having good dosas in Brooklyn.
The food is really fresh and not heavy. Great beer and wine selection and the service is really good. The bartenders are super thoughtful and pleasant. The only thing I don't like is the shredded paneer in the dosas, but the dosas are good!
For an opening weekend, this was pretty smooth.  A little hiccup as we stood by the door awkwardly for a few minutes, but after being seated, the waitstaff was nice and helpful (the couple next to us needed to be walked through the entire menu and concept), the space was not too crowded, and, of course...the food was awesome! (Don't be put off by the "white"staff... the cooks were ALL clearly Indian. Large glass window into the very clean, very calm kitchen told me so.)I've Dosa-ed many times before in the Indian communities of Long Island and Queens, so this was right on the money. (The dosa could be a touch crispier, though...)The Cardamom Manhattan was a fun twist.It might be nice to see more of that "twisting" happen in the menu, which stays slightly limited, but pretty traditional.
The dosas are killer!!!I couldn't wait until this place opened up and I was very impressed. I love Indian food but I don't always crave it. I crave the food from Dosa Royale!!!This place is right on target with tasty dishes making you want to come back for more.
Horrible customer service. We ordered for delivery and after accepting our order and credit card information we got a call from the manager THIRTY MINUTES later saying that they're not going to deliver our order. The manager did nothing to alleviate the situation. I was very disappointed. Next time I'll order from the other 48472829 indian restaurants in this area who have better manner.
Best South Indian food in New York! Fresh ingredients, authentic taste, flavorful ... Very much like my Mom's home cooking in India... Not your usual Indian Fare! A must try...
The food is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It's unique, complex flavors, understanding of Indian flavors and cuisine.I cannot say enough good things about this place.We discovered it this week and have eaten there 2x and just signed up on Yelp solely to write a review.There is a great little garden outside too.The fish curry with lemon rice, and the spinach and paneer dosa are our top choices so far.  This will be a perfect fall place.The decor is clean and fresh, but could use a few hanging plants, softer light and some texture to create some more intimate space.  The facade is unassuming and you would not know what it is unless you took the time to explore.  If it was able to have a stronger identity and more comfortable environment, it would be full every night of the week.  So happy that Dosa Royale is in our neighborhood.
I've rated Dosa Royale with 3 stars / "A-OK" because they're offering something slightly unusual (southern Indian); and overall the food is very good.Not unlike other reviewers, however, it just happened that some of the items we ordered we not served (we had to ask for them part way through the meal, only to have them delivered at the end when it was kind of pointless), and that some of the ingredients (like paneer) were missing from the dishes... and I find that kind of suspect: incompetence is one thing, but forgetting to add paneer to a dish that requires it is like not preparing the dish at all. I felt ripped off.Beyond that I found the prices high, even for Carroll Gardens: I paid $12 for the AVIAL, a small dish of vegetables in a curry sauce (approximately 1 cup of food complete) and it didn't even come with rice (or is that something else we just didn't receive?).Beyond the incompetence of failing to deliver the complete order, and having dishes missing ingredients, I found the overall service to be good. I tipped a full 20% because our waitress was friendly and apologetic, but I don't really feel that the staff deserved it.
Great addition to the neighborhood. Real quality Indian food. The dosas do not disappoint, but be sure to try the entrees as well, which offer a unique alternative to what would be offered by your standard neighborhood joint. Also, be sure to try their special rices, they really kick things up a notch.
I've been here twice and have been more than happy with my experience!!! I've never had a Dosa before. They are SO INCREDIBLE!!!! I've had the Spinach and Paneer both times (I brought my picky boyfriend the second time and wanted to stick with what I knew was good) he's not that into Indian food but loved it. Their chutneys are delicious and the Dosa is perfectly toasty! The spinach inside is chopped to perfection! The lentil soup is seriously something else. You can totally share the entrees which makes this a super affordable lunch spot.The service was wonderful both times. I crave this place now and just talking about it will bring me back for lunch tomorrow!!!
Delicious authentic tasting southern Indian food!Had a really great meal here.Veggie Dosa was delicious as was the chicken curry!Nice vibe, nice people.We'll be back!
Totally overpriced for the mediocre, largely flavorless food. The only good dish we got was the okra appetizer.
Dosas can be deceptive. they look massive but in reality their rice and lentil composition is more on the lighter side. Sharing a dosa amongst two is a nice idea, but you may want something extra to fill you up. The Dosa Royale (family style because it's bigger than the rest) was fun to have with a group - it's brought out and plopped in the middle of the table, for everyone to grab bits of and dip into one of the many chutney accompaniments. The Veggie Curry (Avial) was full of al dente veggies and lacked the depth of flavor that I love about a curry. It's also $14. The lamb was full of tough lamb chunks that I ate around - and also tasted like it could have used many more hours of cooking, for $17. The flavored rices range anywhere from $5 - $8. Not sure they are necessary (other than to add some more flavor profiles to the curries) but you could definitely just get some plain rice for $2. Dosa Royale felt expensive for what you get. The wait for this place is cray cray - I recommend making a reservation. It's a pretty tight fit inside as well. While I felt the curries still weren't up to the standard of really solid Indian food that I drive out to prospect heights to pick up, Dosa Royale is a welcome addition to a neighborhood that otherwise lacks Indian food.
Delicious... we're slowly but surely making our way through the dosas.
Another mediocre restaurant to add to the list of numerous mediocre restaurants in the neighborhood. As others have noted, the dosas were subpar.  The sweet potato dosa had little filling and sadly, that little filling lacked flavor.  I am not a dosa connoisseur by any means, but the dosas at the TriBeCa Whole Foods are heartier, and in my opinion, far more flavorful.  Of all the dishes we ordered, the lamb curry was the best - not to say that It was great (it wasn't ), but it wasn't horrible. We also ordered a chicken curry dish. The chicken in the chicken curry was so bland that we could only conclude that the chicken had been cooked in a pan and then dumped into the curry. This may not be the case, but if we are wrong I would love to know how the chicken could be so tasteless. And don't even bother with the lentil donut; this too lacked flavor.  The various sauces that accompanied our meal proved to be the one bright spot to this otherwise lackluster dining experience. I love this restaurant's concept, but it needs to work on its execution.
What a gem in Brooklyn! This place has a great menu and the dosa was awesome. We tried the Rava Masala Dosa and the lamb Chetinnad and both were amazing! Will definitely be back here again.
We had the masala dosa and the spinach and paneer dosa as well as a small starter (parotta) and masala chai. Total bill with tip was $50 for lunch for the two of us, which felt a bit high. The food was fresh and delicious. The chutney was good, although the beet one was a little odd. The service was friendly and efficient. Overall, not the best dosas we have ever had but definitely solid - and a great choice when we are craving Indian without wanting to leave the neighborhood. We will be back but will skip the starter and the chai to keep our bill more reasonable.
Dosa was excellent , masala filling was enough for one person. Serve with three diffrent chutnies and samber. And second entre was lamb chettinad was flavourful and spicy. Mango lassi was ok. Overall good food.
We walked for at least a mile on a chilly day with high expectations. This place disappointed both in terms of quality of food and service. We ordered cumin rasam as a starter, and it was fairly bland - no traditional seasoning (sesame, red chilly), not enough salt and the curry leaves were not seasoned. For our mains, we didn't take any chances and ordered traditional South Indian dishes (that are a good litmus test of any authentic place) - rava masala dosa and uttapam. The uttapam was super thick, and the batter was not fermented enough, and it lacked the necessary sourness. The masala in the dosa did not taste like we expected - it had carrots and peas in it! The dosa batter included two ingredients that altered its character (for the worse!) cumin seeds and black pepper. The sambar had the consistency of a thick stew, and tasted fairly bland -- no traditional seasoning, or asafoetida (heeng). The dosa was lukewarm, even though it took the restaurant an inordinate amount of time (30+ mins) between the appetizer and entrees (and through that time, nobody came by to explain the delay). Guess its going to be 28th and Lex for any dosa worth its salt
The small portions got smaller, and some menu items changed, but the prices stayed the same. I feel like the place has new, not better, management. They also have problems with delivery - once I ordered and didn't get any food, or notice that I would not be eating that night until over an hour later (at ten at night). To their credit, a manager called the next day, but for what? I don't want free stuff - just reasonably priced, consistent and delicious food within a reasonable period of time. They have one of four elements going for them.
I really liked this place. I sat at the bar, thinking I was only going to get some dosas to go, but decided to stay and have a glass of wine. The bartender was super nice, and very helpful. She let me try two different wines before I decided. Luckily I stayed because the dosa I ordered (spinach and paneer) was HUGE. Dosas are generally big but needless to say I was pleased. Great taste, and great service. Also, I like the more hip element. The cooks are all Indian, but the wait staff are not necessarily so, and I personally like the mix, the international element and modern feel. Works for me. Next time I want a dosa in Brooklyn, I am definitely going here.
I was pleasantly surprised to stumble upon this gem amidst the countless food stands serving obscure (and interesting) fare at Williamsburg's Smorgasburg. Though their regular brick & mortar shop is stationed in Carroll Gardens, their satellite stand served up what I would consider to be pretty close to the real deal. Their aloo (potato) is pretty standard but the sambar is where Royale really shines. Mine had a drumstick (South Indian vegetable) floating in the broth. Yum!
This place is incredible.  Having been to random huts in the middle of the forest in Goa and eating what I thought at the time would be the best South Indian food of my life, I can say that Dosa Royale knocks that place into the Arabian Sea.  It has beautifully fresh and rotating chutneys for your dosas and the service and ambience are great.  For my money, this is the best South Indian in all of NYC.  Dosas can be a little pricey at $14 but they are big enough to share with an appetizer.
We chose among many: the perfect choice! Food delicious, plentiful and typically Indian. Street food among the best to be found in a nice place to spend some moment of a day. Recommended... perhaps a bit expensive!
Top 3 favorites in the neighborhood. Been multiple times and the food is always great quality and extremely tasty.  Price is reasonable and food is authentic.
Love this place! So rare to find real south Indian food but this is as authentic as it comes. Pretty much everything we have tried there is delicious with the Masala Dosa, Onion Rava and Cauliflower coming out on top. The coconut sambar is the real deal and the staff are wonderful!
This place is a great addition to the neighborhood, which has been missing a good Indian restaurant.  The dosas and the apps were great and the interior is very nice.  Re the interior, my only note is that the acoustics aren't great.  It's all exposed brick, which makes for a lot of reverberation and tables shouting over each other.  They should install some acoustic treatment or fabric to absorb some of the sound.Also, I came in to eat at 4 pm right when they were about to switch over for dinner with my baby in a stroller!  In other words, the most annoying customer for a restaurant.  They happily served me.
This is the best Indian food I've had in NYC.I have often complained that you can't get good Indian food anywhere around this part of Brooklyn.  Until now.  My wife and I split a Dosa and a Thali and had some appetizers and every single dish was fantastic.  Usually I feel like Indian restaurants "dumb down" their food where the flavors aren't terribly complex and the spicing is all mild to non-existent, but at Dosa Royale everything is spot on.  They also have a good selection of beers on tap and some delicious sounding cocktails.  I stuck to the beer, but my wife had a cocktail that she really liked.Also, it's really great to be able to see into the kitchen and see that it's clean and organized -- and to see all the giant bins of spices.The food is wonderful, the portions are large, it's priced reasonably, the waitstaff was friendly and helpful, and the decor is really clean and understated.  I'm so happy that this place opened up in my neighborhood!  I can't wait to go back.
I was looking forward to trying this new place in my neighborhood.  Felt pretty burnt afterwards.  The floor staff, all pretty young things, were borderline rude and unhelpful.  The bottle of wine we bought ($40) was crap.  The fish curry was all chili and salt, pretty much inedible.  The music was loud & lame.  Waste of money!
My husband and I have eaten here on a regular basis since it opened. One of us usually gets the Avial with coconut rice. It's a favorite. Today it was runny and curdled. Yuck. And without the usual yummy richness. Undercooked potatoes. Overcooked string beans. Coconut rice had no coconut flavor. When we said something, our server told us we didn't know South Indian food. What's up? Is the place under new ownership? Or just a very bad day?
Delish food, reasonable prices for a hipster-turn on ethnic cuisine, and great ambiance.  Looking forward to going back, especially after they work out their opening kinks!  Drinks were delicious and the waiter has great suggestions from the menu.One thing to be aware of: many families are patrons of this restaurant.  Now, while I love a kid (or can tolerate a kid) as much as the next Cobble Hill Resident, on the Sunday morning we went for brunch, an adult male with a young dining companion loudly discussed how in India, people use their hands instead of toilet paper.  For 15 minutes.  Did I say loudly?  It certainly is not the restaurant's fault, but I was surprised that (1) the waiter had seated them next to us when the rest of the restaurant was empty and (2) the waiter did not tell them to shut the hell up (or at least lower their voices-- it was that loud).  Again, not the restaurant's fault, but I would be lying if I said it did not ruin our meal.
Almost as good as manhattan dosas. I thought it was a bit too thin and crispy making it like a papadam. Prices are a bit high I feel for a casual place like this. It's not a fine dining spot. Cocktail menu sounded really good but didn't try
Solid food, an excellent addition to Court Street.  Are prices on the high side? Only compared to, say, Jackson Heights - but this is a lot more convenient if you live in South Brooklyn. And it's not surprising given the massive spike in commercial rents around here.  Good dosas, interesting homemade chutnies and a small but impressive bar.  Will definitely be back.
Great food, relaxed vibe, and not very expensive. Numerous items on the main menu can be made vegan, most of the vegetarian dosas (except the spinach paneer) are vegan except for the clarified butter, which is added on top at the end. It can be left off. There are only a handful of places with good vegan options in Carroll Gardens, I am very happy to have this place here.
I was so excited when Dosa Royale opened up in my neighborhood. Indian is a cuisine that is totally underrepresented (much less South Indian!), and I felt this was a great addition. Having traveled extensively throughout South India, I'm quite familiar with different kinds of South Indian food, preparations, and flavors.  First, the positives. I thought the staff was super friendly and very knowledgable. I love the menu and they have a great selection of beer, wine, and non-alcoholic drinks (including one made with black sesame syrup!) I shared a thali and ravi dosa with my friend. The thali was excellent! The flavors, variety, and quality were superb (and I appreciate that they don't skimp on the heat). I absolutely loved it! The dosa was a different story. It wasn't bad, but was just kinda eh. Although studded with all kinds of seeds, the dosa lacked flavor (maybe salt?). The potatoes were kind of awful. They had zero flavor or texture. Given how much thought and flavor was in everything else-I wonder if it was just a bad batch? Anyway, considering dosa is the restaurant's namesake, they need to ensure that it's better!Perhaps it was just a late night and they were off their game. I'll definitely go back-but maybe try a different dosa-or maybe an uttapam!
Dosa's are a staple of Southern India, and this restaurant, which got its cooking chops at Williamsborg, has some of the best dosas I have tasted.  These thin crepes made from fermented batter of rice and black lentils come with a variety of fillings are huge (about 18-24" long).  Four of us had dinner on New Years Day (not eve), and got the Spinach and Paneer Dosa and the Dosa Royale (which is filled with a variety of the other fillings), were both excellent.  The Chennai Fish Curry and coconut rice, was much less interesting and really not enough to share for 4 (this entrée by itself would not fill me up).  The samosas (both vegetarian and lamb) were pretty ordinary. Still being hungry, we added the Set Dosa (3 unfilled dosas) - amazingly flavorful.  Overall, the dosas were excellent and worth returning for - everything else -so so.  Dinner for 4 was $120 with a drink and tip (no dessert).
The food here is good and they have a decent vegetarian selection, but the prices are very high for the portion size and content, and the menus are misleading.When I ate here for brunch I ordered a dish that the menu said came with eggs. It arrived without and the waiter said the eggs were an add-on - which was not stated on the menu and I'd said "with eggs" when I ordered.The dosa are tasty, but there's very little actual filling in them, - only the top third - which is surprising as they're made from affordable ingredients. In general, the portions are very small for the high prices.The staff are friendly but seem overwhelmed by the number of customers.
The posted hours are wrong: I ate there at 1 pm yesterday (a Sunday).
Veggie Thali was huge and delicious. D loved the fish curry. Dosais were solid. Second time there and looking forward to going back again!
We are very excited for the first South Indian restaurant in Brooklyn, and yes, a decent Indian place of any kind in BoCoCa. We've been there three times now, once for dinner and twice for lunch, and are pretty happy with what we've seen (and tasted), though it clearly is a work in progress. Food: we've stuck to the South Indian basics -- dosas, uthappams, idlies, vadas, and the thali meals. Pretty solid stuff, although they need to work on making their idlies less dense -- not holding it against them, since these are pretty tricky to get right -- lots of variables involved ;)  The dosas -- plain and rava -- are pretty good, as is the sambar and chutney. The onion uthappam was terrific. The vegetarian thali meal had some stand-out vegetable dishes (i.e., poriyals), and some mediocre ones, which is what you typically see. A bit saltier than we're accustomed to.Service was prompt, and the waitstaff was friendly. Quibbles: Pretty expensive for an Indian place, but understandable, given that they probably have to survive with just the weekend rush. Dosas are kinda small -- my kid is used to these gigantic paper dosas that Tiffin Wallah and Saravanaas in Murray Hill make. He had to eat two at Dosa Royale to fill himself up.The bottom line is that we are extremely thrilled to have this place in our neighborhood, so we don't have to schlep to Manhattan every time we crave South Indian food. The food is solid, but could use a little umami, so to speak, when compared to similar dosa/sambar places in Manhattan and New Jersey. I'm optimistic that things will only improve as the kitchen finds its footing.
I was excited to see a cute dosa place opening up on Court St and took my parents there when they visited over the holidays. I'll admit I was hesitant to take them as they eat dosa regularly in Toronto and are big critics of restaurants in general. Luckily, Dosa Royale didn't disappoint! We had the masala dosa, onion rava dosa, plain rava dosa and a non-veg thali. Everything was delicious.As an added bonus, Dosa Royale has some excellent cocktails, which is not a usual treat at a South Indian restaurant.The only complaint I had was that the mango lassi and kulfi both could have used a bit more sugar.We'll definitely be going back!
Absolute slam dunk - genuinely traditional but also genuinely inventive. A very nice, well designed interior, a super nice staff and the best Indian food I've eaten in NYC. I've been there three times now and had three excellent meals. Order the Thali (a large tray with rice and breads in the middle and little steel cups of various tasty things around the outer edge - all delicious), order a dosa, order the whole menu, but go soon because the lines are going to start forming soon.I can't wait to go there again.
The restaurant is attractive, and has a nice atmosphere.  However, I paid $17 for a very small portion of lamb curry.  To add insult to injury, they then charged me $2.00 for a small bowl of plain rice to go with it.  It's going to be tough for them to make it on this relatively quiet section of Court Street most nights with prices like these.  In a neighborhood that severely lacks decent Indian food, it's unfortunate the Dosa Royale doesn't offer a better value.
The food was bland at most. My dosa was tasteless and served with no sambar. Who serves a dosa without sambar?  Next time I want Indian food I will chose elsewhere.
With the exception of the specialty cocktails, which were solid, this trendy-looking trendily-located place was a complete disappointment. The dosa I had was full of steamed, not very flavorful potato and the dough itself had too many whole peppercorns in it. The sauces it came with were completely unremarkable. The eight dollar dough ball appetizer I had was basically rice/lentil flour with a bit of heat and a fatty dipping sauce. The tamarind rice wasn't very taramind-y and the chicken was dry and on the bland side. How often do you walk away from an Indian meal and say "bland"? Won't be back. Oh, and it's fucking expensive for what it is!
This place is pretty darned good and a nice change up for the ubiquitous quote unquote Indian restaurant you see in the states. The dosa are lovely. The brunch is surprisingly tasty. We've had service be touch and go, but I chalk that up to the place being new. It also seems a tad on the expensive side, for what it is.
Wow. This place totally breaks new ground, in that it is the first hipster Indian restaurant in NYC, and therefore, potentially, the world. It is the first Indian restaurant with rustic, charming interior design that hits all the hipster notes -- exposed brick wall, check. Edison bulbs, check. Industrial chairs, check. Craft beer on tap, check. Hip Brooklyn neighborhood, check. You get the idea. Before the cynics start judging, I'd say this is quite a feat, considering that every other Indian place in Bklyn has horrible carpet, ugly lighting, and faux elegant glassware. Not to mention heavy, oily food that is short on spice. I really want to love this place for making that leap and really scoring 5 stars on the aesthetics alone. The menu is, as well, full of potential. Its welcomingly pared down from the usual South Indian standards, and has a creative kick, mixing things up a bit with items like the spinach and paneer dosa. However, I have found the dosa a little off in execution. It tends to be dried out and crispier than it should be, and doesn't have a lot of flavor. The veg thail, on the other hand, was really up to par, with great variety and excellent spice. But the dosa is their namesake, so I think they should work on them to make them really stand out...like their decor.
Great service, authentic food, a good bar and outside seating. This has become one of my favorite (if not top) local restaurant.
this is one of my favorite places in the neighborhood. if you go early evening it's not too busy which i like, also love the yard when it gets warmer. i'm vege and my favorite dishes are the butter paneer masala and the masala dosa.chai tea is delicious as is the coconut cocktail.
Dosa Royale is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood. The menu is simple, but the food is consistently good. Start with the vegetable samosas. All of the dosas that I've tried have been good. The Rava Masala is particularly nice. The drink menu includes a number of classic cocktails with Indian twists - some are more successful than others, but all are novel and interesting.
Easily the best Indian food I've ever had in NYC. The flavor combinations were outstanding. We had a dosa, a thali, and a couple of appetizers and everything was delicious. We'll be back soon for more.
Hate to say it folks but my son and I got food poisoning at Dosa Royale. We ate there last Sunday, had the chicken curry, lentil curry, a plain Dosa. Just drank water. My symptoms ( will skip) began Sunday night. Didn't occur to me that it was food poisoning until the next night when I talked to my daughter in Tucson. She mentioned that her brother had posted on FB that he thought he may never eat again his symptoms were so bad. I called him and we put two and two together. Exact same symptoms, same timeframe. We had noticed some rather poor food handling practices in the kitchen, which is glass enclosed so you can see dosas being made. Like a cook handling food while talking on his cell phone. and you know how clean cell phones are, enough said. I called the restaurant and was told owners would call me, but 24 hours later, no word. This was the first time my son ate there and second for me. I had liked the Dosa the first time but service is rather casual and both time we waited a long time for food. Also - warning, the chairs are bizarre. I saw one woman fall backward onto the floor and others tip their chair over, as I did. One look at the legs and you can see that the chairs are not engineered properly. I'm reporting this incident to the city so they can inspect the food handling. All in all quite a bummer. I love dosas and was so excited that this restaurant had opened in Brooklyn.
another spot our neighborhood needed...staff was friendly and food delicious! thank heavens another non-itlaian spot opened
