Came here for the first time last night for dinner. Had no idea what to expect, but left very pleasantly surprised. First thing I noticed, and was surprised by, was the ambiance. It's very well decorated and gives off very warm, romantic vibes. Great for a date night or family get together dinner. The menu, though lengthy, is very digestible and the servers are super friendly and informative if you have any questions. My boyfriend and I ended up getting Paneer Naan, Chicken Tandoori and Chicken Tikka Masala. All dishes were delicious, filling and came out to our table in a reasonable time. Other things to note:+ They have a lunch buffet! Need to go back for this and price sounded very reasonable + Not sure if there's better parking, but we parked on the streets with meters + They provide you with free papadum as an appetizer with 2 sauces + They're open late, til 10
Delicious authentic Indian food!!! The food and service was outstanding!!! I will definitely visit art of spice more often
I was impressed by the quality of food. The ambiance of restaurant was quite nice and inviting. Reminded me as I was in meat packing in Manhattan. Service was ok. We had vegetable samosas, Chicken Korma, Chicken Tandori and Aloo Paratha. All prepared very well. What happened? Second time around the heat index is out of control. We ordered medium level of species and literally 2 bites and we couldn't eat anymore. Our pallet could not sense anything but the heat. Very uncomfortable. They need to realize and revisit that they new strategy will keep people away if they have added so much to the heat index.
Art Of Spice is an excellent restaurant.  The decor and ambience are both inviting and trendy which adds to the dining experience. The restaurant is quiet with light Indian music playing in the background so you can hear conversations while dining. It located on Main Street in Hackensack parking is very easy as there are metered parking spots along both sides of the street.  My favorite dish was the egg biriyani.  It was delicious.  It was properly prepared with the right amount of spice requested.  The menu offers quite a bit of dining options. The restaurant is byob.The wait staff are attentive and very friendly and courteous.  The chef is excellent.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
Awesome food complete recommended for family great place. One must try not to miss. Hidden gem in hackensack. Recommended to add more items in buffet
Very good flavors and overall ambience.  Have been here multiple times and the place never disappoints.
Art of Spice is located on the busy Main Street of Hackensack. Parking consists of street parking which can be difficult at times. I came here with one of my indian friends and other friends as well. We came here for the lunch buffet but didn't realize that we came almost to closing time. I'd say we got there 40 minutes before they were closing. We sat and ate for a few minutes while a few friends came late. There was hardly any time to eat since they had to close to get ready for dinner. One of the waiters decided to just let us take whatever we want home in a plastic box. It was very nice of them which I really appreciated. I honestly forgot what I ate, but I still remember that I was super happy with the food, especially their naan (which was amazing) and their dessert of gulab jamun. Also, I remember that the food wasn't too spicy which I loved because I'm really bad with spicy food. I plan on coming back here soon!
Cute decor, delicious food, big portions! Started off with the art of spice special shrimp and the gobi manchurian, both were delicious and a great way to start our meal!For dinner we had chicken saagwala (a tad bit spicy but still tasty and delicious) and the lamb curry.  We were all completely satisfied and even had leftovers.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for quality Indian food in the Bergen county area!The only downfall was that the walls are paper thin and the loud music from the party next door ruined the calm, romantic, serene environment that Art of Spice tries to provide. (Totally not their fault and shouldn't be held against them) it was a tad distracting though.
Very nice service and huge variety of food for buffet. Spice level is just perfect ! The food was very delicious I tried the fish curry and will be coming back to try it as an entree. Very nice and attentive staff. The decoration in this place is so beautiful such big care in details !!! The restrooms were impecable ! And again very beautiful ! I was very happy with the two options of dessert instead of traditionally only 1 dessert. This was a very good experience over all will be recommending this and will be coming back !!
This is one of my favorite places to come have lunch.  Great food, delicious dessert, and the service is always very nice.  Love the ambience.  You can't beat the buffet price and selections.  Must try!!!!
Sometimes when a friend recommends a place it can be a hit or a miss.  Most times it's a miss but then there are those rare moments that the recommendation far supersedes the expectation.  I was told about Art of Spice by a friend and fellow co-worker.  She had said what a great meal she had at this restaurant so given the opportunity I jumped at the idea of trying it one Saturday.  After an early IMAX showing of Captain America Civil War, the stomach had indicated rather loudly that it needed some sustenance.  And because I had to rush to the theater to catch a 9am showing, I didn't have a chance to grab breakfast (I woke up at 8:25 and still made it on time for the movie #win).  Anyways considering that the movie ended by lunch time, I arrived to the restaurant with a full appetite ready to go.Now let's get some of the important information out of the way first.  They are BYOB, which is awesome, and the parking situation can be difficult but hey nothing in life is ever so easy.  But once you get a spot be prepared to be welcomed into a clean, large, and inviting space to enjoy some delectable Indian cuisine.  I have heard that dinner service is quite romantic with the ambience conducive to some sexy convo at the dinner table but I'll let you decide for yourself.  As for me the design, décor, and beautiful accents have made this a memorable Indian restaurant in my book.My visit was during their lunch service, which means I opted for their buffet.  At $12.99 (but you do get a 10% discount if you check-in on Yelp) the price certainly justified the food.  All the flavor was there and more importantly the spice.  You can't call yourself the Art of Spice and you don't deliver.  Thankfully this establishment has and for that I am thankful.  Furthermore, the service was excellent.  Every time I got up to grab another plate, by the time I got back to my table my dirty dish was gone and my drink was refilled.  They do it quickly and discreetly that you never notice them approach your table.  Dessert for the buffet was a delicious and hot rice pudding as well as a super-sweet gulab jamun.  Both were excellent dishes to end the meal.  I couldn't have been any happier visiting this place.  I have to thank my friend for letting me know about this spot.  There is no doubt that if I were in the area again I wouldn't hesitate to make my way to this great restaurant.
Absolutely amazing. The food here is outstanding!!! Fast and great service! The vibe is great
Best Indian food in the area. Really good tandoori chicken, saag paneer. Highly recommended.
What a terribly run establishment. If I could give 0 stars, I would. We made a reservation at 7:00 for tonight (Mother's Day). Walked in and waited for someone to approach us. Waiters kept looking as us and walked by us without uttering a word to us. Finally we had to grab one of the waiters that were walking by and had to ask for us to be seated...After showing us to our tables, the waiter then disappeared. We waited several minutes to at least get menus. Of course, that didn't happen either. I don't know what I expected after ASKING to be seated. Again, I had to grab one of the waiters walking by and asked for him to get us some menus. He was really quick grabbing us the menus....except he got a table of 5 of us 3 menus...We still decided to give them the benefit of the doubt and waited for someone to approach us and take our orders. That didn't happen either. At this point, we just got up and left. No one seemed to care.As my family left, I went up to the "manager" and told him that this is the worst service I've absolutely ever come across. He didn't seem to care. He actually didn't even directly look me in the eyes. What an embarrassment of an establishment. I will never ever come here again even if they offered me free food. I see the owner responding to some of these reviews and I hope he sees this one too. Sir, the "manager" that you left in charge of running the restaurant should be fired. If not fired, you should at least talk to him and teach him how to run a restaurant. Then you should teach your waiters how to count the number of people at tables and get them the correct amount of menus. This restaurant is a complete failure and the blame falls from the top down from the owner to the "manager" to the waiters.
My husband and I were craving Indian food and Art of Spice was just what we needed. Great service, great food, definitely would go again!
Decided to go with a group of friends. This place is located in on Main street in Hackensack with Street Parking. The restaurant definitely looks a lot nicer than it's surroundings, which is quite welcomed. Place is huge with tons of seating. The decor is nice,the men's bathroom has awesome sinks and decors. Also this place is BYOB I am noticing more and more that everyone is putting in these Buddha statues in most Indian restaurants, I get it but seems more like a trend. Yes I know where the history comes from.Back to the restaurant Service is great here and the food is always fresh.They ask how you want mild, Medium or spicy. I always go with Medium when trying new restuarants. The chicken Biryani here is probably some of the best Biryani I have ever had at a restaurant. The Samosa chaat is made to perfection(great appetizer) and the chicken 65 was pretty good....heck the mixed grill was great also. Spinach Chicken was surprisingly delicious. The rest of the dishes which i tried were pretty flavorful but just didn't hit the spot. The chana dish was just a little blah, lamb and goat dishes were too saucy for my liking. Naan was good.Coffee was great.The Kulfi was nice and went well after such a spicy dishes.All in all it was a great dinner spot for me and few of my buddies, everyone enjoyed it and would definitely come back.4 stars cause I do find it a little over priced but still great food.
Awesome taste.  Good for vegetarians too Nice ambience. Staff is very friendly.We will visit again.
Went for the lunch buffet and was not disappointed. Restaurant is very clean and has a very pretty aesthetic. Food was awesome! They give you a lot of options and don't seem to water down their food to cater to the masses- it's full of flavor has some bite to it! Highly recommend!
Came for Mother's Day Lunch Buffet.Unfortunately, Indian lunch buffets tend to disappoint me. Fortunately, for this place, it's mediocrity is actually a stand out among the excess of bad Indian food out there. It was clean, spacious, nice decor, hyper-entertaining Bollywood on the flatscreens. Service was excellent. Lots of buffet options- although the only dish that stuck out as especially yummy for me was the saag paneer. I'll try it out again when I get a korma craving.
Love love love the chicken tikka? masala  from her.  The service is great and the food is awesome. I love the atmosphere and ambiance of the restaurant. My go to indian restaurant and good price.
Takeout orderIt would have been a 5 star had I not received  Malai kofta when the order was for Mattar Paneer :) I couldn't find a parking spot outside and had my 15 month old in the car seat so I decided to call the restaurant and asked them if they could come outside and deliver which they did. Hats off to them. Please get my order right the next time :-)
I figured I'd try the buffet on a Saturday afternoon with my wife and if we'd like it then take the family to dinner.  I've had Indian food in NYC plenty of times but never tried it anywhere in NJ.  The place is large and roomy and nicely decorated.  Everyone was nice there.  The food tasted good but lacked options most notably the staple, chicken curry.  Greatly disappointed by this.  I don't not plan on returning as I don't feel it was worth the money spent.
Nice atmosphere.  But that's about all there is here.  If you enjoy extremely hot food this is the place for you.  Beyond authentic, but perhaps regionally influenced from their heritage.  Way too hot for me.  But the unfortunate part was that the waiter  seemed to be enjoying my misery. Kept bringing water, ice water.  Lots of it!  Tons of it.  Did nothing to help.  No offer to adjust the food.  Medium at this place is Thai hot!  Korean hot or as I have now learned for the Indian hot.  20+ years eating this cuisine and never had so little fun at dinner.
The inside of this restaurant is designed really nicely. The look and feel is very modern. The atmosphere is contemporary.I was in the area and I checked yelp for some good eats nearby. I saw this place had a lunch buffet for $11, so I figured I'd give it try.As I was getting my buffet on, the waiter delivered naan bread and water, with a carafe for refills, to my table. I liked that the waiter thought to bring the carafe, so I didn't have to keep asking for water refills.There were about six different options of various Indian foods for buffet, which included several veggie and chicken dishes. There were also a few options for salad type dishes, as well. The chicken tikka masala and the tandori chicken, took center stage, and were the two most flavorful dishes. The food was excellent overall.For dessert there were two options: a rice pudding type dish and galub jamon. The rice pudding was good, but the galub jamon was a bit too sweet for my taste.
Great food and good ambience. Loved everything we ordered specially chicken Jalfrezi and dry Gobi Manchurian. We will definitely come back.
July 2017Tried this place again. Staff was great but quality wasInconsistent with prior experience highlighted below. All the dishes were bland- the butter chicken was watered down and  flavorless as was the other chicken dish we had. We also ordered 2 vegetarian dishes and these were okay. Overall, we regret trying this place for our anniversary dinner.  Seems like consistency and quality need some attention. Earlier in 2017:Amazing Indian food; possibly the best we have had in a very long time in NJ. Food was fresh, ambience was EXCELLENT and staff were courteous and attentive. Kudos to the chef and staff!!!! Keep up the quality.
I came at 2:30PM, and the entire restaurant was empty. All the waiters turned to look at me, and one of them informed me that the restaurant closes at 3PM. Me: "So you kick people out at 3 o'clock sharp?"Waiter: "Yes, 3 o'clock." I turned around and left. It was a beautiful restaurant, and I'm sure the food would have been delicious based on other reviews, but if you're not going to seat people a half hour before closing, then you should put your closing time as 2:30PM.
Wow. The food here is super yummy. I grew up eating my moms Pakistani dishes and love food cooked with intricate flavors and intense aromatics. The true test of any Indian restaurant is their biryani. And this place has the best (aside from my moms) that I've had in a long time. We also got the eggplant appetizer to start, a bit too sweet and doused in sauce but well flavored. Maybe ask for the sauce on the side.
Okay, so for 2016 I'm going to try and break down my reviews so that anyone reading them can get a clearer picture of my experience and hopefully get something useful out of it.Ambience: The decor was very pleasant and interesting with exposed bricks, wains coating, dark wood floors with South Asian accents.  My wife and I remarked during our dinner that the restaurant would make a good wedding reception hall.Food: The food was very well prepared, tasty and in ample portions.  We're usually not super big fans of Indian foods because a lot of the rich spices used in Indian food sometimes can be overpowering but we didn't find that to be the case here.  In fact, our meal was so impressive that we've decided to add Art of Spice to our regular restaurant rotation.Value: The appetizers ranged from $5 to $8 and the entrees from $12 to $18 which is reasonable.  I think when you base that against the quality, portions and overall taste of our meal we were very happy with our dinner.Service: Very attentive and friendly wait staff.  We had dinner on a Wednesday night and did not have to wait at all.Location: Unfortunately, this is the one thing that I have to take away because there is not a lot of street parking, especially with construction going on.  The area is also very dead at night because once the nearby court house closes the streets are pretty empty and it gets a tad shady walking around here.  There are actually a lot of pretty good restaurants on Main street who'd do a lot better for this reason which is a shame.
This is seriously some of the best Indian food I've had. I used to order take out from every Indian place when I lived in Manhattan and this place blows them all away. The flavor profiles of each dish is distinct, the ingredients are fresh, and everything is always seasoned well. Delicious! For me I prefer the Indian cuisine over the Chinese fusion but that's just my taste. The butter chicken, saag paneer, and Chana masala were great! I'm gonna have to try more things off the menu but It's hard to veer from your favorites. Takes a while when you order delivery but I don't mind as it's worth the wait!
Really good food. 4.5 stars because I only got the weekend lunch buffet ($13) and nothing else so it's tough to rate the entire place. BUT the buffet was really good. Some highlights were the chicken malai kababs, fish curry and the aloo mutter and the indo-cbinese offerings. The chicken tikka masala was good too but I think you can really tell good cooking when they can do the non-popular dishes well. This is a large joint and very clean with attentive service. Only complaint was that the music is loud. But I will definitely go back and I'm glad that there is a nice, clean Indian restaurant to go to. And the food tastes good! Parking: free parking behind the place in the "monthly" slots - atleast on the weekends. Definitely coming back here.
Beautiful restaurant, excellent food and ambience! The servers were very attentive If you love Indian Food you will love this restaurant. After watching a romantic Indian movie about spices this morning, my husband decided to eat Indian food. We loved it!
This is one of the top Indian cuisines I've been to in this local area . I had chicken masala and a tasty vegetarian entree. The ambiance is great, very nicely decorated . Sort of slow service for a night that wasn't busy, but overall i would come back.
Very delicious indian food, clean and great crew as well....Anish and Lucky great personality!
A bit on the expensive side. And the food is so so. The dessert is basically overbooked noodles in milk.
I would give five star for their quality foods. They had equal mix of veg and non-veg in their buffet. They had parking in the rear but had to guess to find it out. Rest everything was good. Worth for the price. Would def recommend to my friends and will def visit again. Reg the noise level it was average level playing some nice melody songs and televisions to watch. The plates and utensils very also clean and good. The people over there were also good to talk and service. The spice level is medium. Not too spicy nor blunt. :)
Food: Good! We had butter chicken, paneer tikka, gobi Manchurian(best of all), some paneer appetizer(not so good), mango lassi (good), lime soda. Look and feel: Excellent! Nice Ambiance! Clean and nice decor. High ceilings. Low/no noise.Space: spacious!Service: Slow! Received well and quickly arranged reserved table. It took 5 min to get empty glasses, 10 mins to get water, menu didn't arrive until requested, and again had to call one to take the order. Food arrived a little more than normal time. Servers and attendant were professional. Recommend to learn more about managing  restaurant at busy time, improve workforce etc to avoid waiters and attendants to be all over the place.Parking: parked on street. as it was Sunday. Friday Saturday it would be hard to find parking. Pricing: above avg! appetizers range in 10-12$ while main course in 18-20. 4 ppl~100$ Authenticity: Very Indian, upscale'ish, Elegant.Romantic: Good place for a date. Liquor: no.Customers: attracts some posh crowd of all ethnicities.Special: no specials for Mothers day. Availed yelp 10% discount. Will come back: Yes!
Very pleasant place to hang out.  We ordered garlic naan and malai kofta.. taste was good.. will come back to explore much.. i liked the place much!!
The food gets better and better, I love the service and it's definitely worth returning to this place. I have gotten to know the staff very well too. Just keep the quality going and this place will excel.
Great BYOB Indian restaurant. Love the decor and ambience of the place. Very clean and a great place for a group. Large enough and enough tables to be able to seat a large party easily. The food is very good and presentation is nice as well. Their garlic naan is very yummy and chicken tikka masala of course! They also have a very reasonable lunch special daily worth trying out. It's nice to be able to try the different curries during lunch so you have a better idea what you would order if you were to dine there one night. I have always loved washing down Indian food with wine so it's a bonus that this place is BYOB :)
Totally enjoyed this restaurant! The decor is beautiful and food was on point. Definitely cannot go wrong with BYOB... Oh yes, and how can I forget the coffee was one of the best I've ever had!!!
Wow! My girlfriend and I absolutely loved this place. Great food, excellent service, and good ambiance. We recently moved into the area and the Art of Spice is our place for Indian food.
It's not very common, that I provide 5 stars to any restaurant. We went to this restaurant on one Saturday afternoon. The décor and the general environment was pleasant. We went in for the buffet. All the cuisines were good with just the right amount of spices. There were two types of sweets. Got the gulab jamun. Was soft and juicy. We also got a 10% discount on the entire bill for the yelp check-in. Would definitely come back here.
One of the only places around here with great food  worth the extra buck Can't go wrong with their lamb chops! Best around town!!!!!!!
Good lunch buffet. Not overly spicy, but some dishes have a little kick. The naan is good. I'm not much of an expert on Indian food, but I've never felt disappointed aftwr eating here (just full!).
We ordered shrimp fried rice (extra spicy), sechezuin noodles with shrimp (medium) and the chili fish app. Everything was delicious- not oily. And not just heat. The food had flavor along with spice. The food took about 45 min but I will gladly wait for them in the future. Will definitely order from then again. It's a must try!!
Exceptional food, quality service, and great music. The atmosphere is incredible and fancy. I would recommend this place for anyone looking for authentic Indian food or something spicy.
My son and I visited here on a cold snowy February Thursday night. We arrived at 7:00pm to find that we were the only customers in the restaurant. We thought they were closed, but, they were open for business. I guess few customers wanted to travel tonight.As you can see from my pics the restaurant décor is quite nice.My son ordered the butter chicken for $16. I ordered the chicken vindaloo also for $16. And of course we ordered the garlic naan for $4 and two mango lassi's for $5 each. The total bill less gratuity was $49.22. They don't serve alcohol. Since we were the only customers here service was very fast thanks to our server Aparna. Also my son and I enjoyed our dinners. My vindaloo was clearly hotter than the butter chicken, but, I enjoyed the extra hot spice. I will return again.
Ambience : 4 starsService : 4 starsFood : 2 stars. They basically heated pre cooked food and served it. Naan was not fresh, chicken curry had too much of masala and noodles was pre cooked , microwaved and served. Not going back, no wonder the restuarant was empty when we went.
One of my favorite indian spots. Taste of food is authentic, decor is beautiful and service is excellent
I stopped in for the lunch buffet when I was in the area for work. The reviews were right about the food. It was terrific. Very flavorful with a nice variety of foods. The service, however, was very poor. It seemed as though there was one person working the entire restaurant. I came in around 1, so it wasn't completely packed. I stood in the entrance way for a few minutes before someone came to greet me. He pointed at a chair and walked away. Nobody ever came to ask if I wanted something to drink besides water. The buffet had a shortage of plates that caused a line to form as people waited for the one employee to bring out more plates. While the food was good, several of the items (such as tandoori chicken) were empty and not refilled at all during my visit. The food I got to try was amazing and I recommend it. Just don't expect anyone to actually wait on you.
Sunday brunch was very good.  Reasonable price and large selection.  Lots of chicken and vegetarianChoices.  My favorite was chicken tiki masala, curry fish and the fresh naan.  The restaurant is large and spacious.  Service was good, the plates were picked up while I was at the buffet line, and they kept bringing hot food to refill the buffet trays.
One of the best Indian places in Bergen County! We have tried their food on separate occasions. I love ambiance and decor of the place a lot. You can't expect such good place in Hackensack. We have tried couple of dishes like the samosas, mango lassi, gobi manchurian really delicious, kadhai paneer, paneer makhani,  malai kofta . Everything was delicious and very well spiced. I don't bland or underseasoned food. Only complain would be with the dish malai kofta - the gravy is too thin and they only offer about 4 koftas and there is a lot of gravy in ratio to the koftas. But, all in all its really good food. The staff is also courteous. Its our new go to place for good Indian food or take out. I can't wait to try their lunch buffet on the weekend.
They have great chef. Food is delicious, best indian place for BYOB. I recommend this place to everyone.
The art of spice! We love this place! The staff is super friendly and the owner walks around to every table to say hello (which is amazing because she truely cares about her customers). The food is amazing and the atmosphere is very romantic. We have been 3 times now and we are SURE to be back! Byob!
Excellent food, and great service. We ordered samosas, sweet corn soup, chicken biryani, and lamb roghan ghosh. Everything was delicious. Prices are reasonable. Menu has wide selections. Ambience is relaxing.
This review is for the weekly lunch buffet. I went for the first time and i was not very satisfied with the selections. Selections were very limited. Then non vegetarian dishes were only chicken. The price was very reasonable 10.99. however i go to other indian lunch buffets and for the same price you get 3 times more dishes than here, i even get lamb and goat, also the waiter is not very attentive.
I went there by myself, the place was empty and I wanted to sit by the window since the place is very dark, they told me I couldn't sit in a bigger table so they wanted to accommodate me in a corner. That's not how you treat your guest in a restaurant that is EMPTY. Plus the music was too loud!
Very reasonable price for lunch buffet, and with pretty good selections both vegetarian and meat. I really liked the eggplant dish and other asian fusion ones, and the chicken tikka masala passed the test! The only thing was that some of the dishes were kind of cold, but it wasn't that big of a deal.
Over price for the food quality. $12.99 Sun lunch buffet. Not sure how other ratings came from. Many sweet and sour dishes, not sure if those are Indian cuisine.
Lots of high marks amongst other Yelpers, but I hold at three stars.  It's a big, big place with not so great acoustics.  As a matter of fact, during our visit there was booming music coming through the walls, louder than the music being played in the restaurant.  A regular occurrence, we were told by the server.The food was fine.  Nothing offensive, but nothing interesting, either.  Prices were good, service was friendly and professional, and the place was squeaky clean.
Their food  is delicious. The place is beautiful. But they are not generous with the food and bread portions.
Went for lunch buffet. Food was just okay, nothing special. Lots of potato dishes. Music was really loud and whiny. Almost like they were trying to compete with the construction across the street. On a more positive note, the decor is really nice. I'm sure this place would be great for dinner or when they don't do a buffet.
The owners, Mona and Naveen, are the sweetest kindest people you will meet. My fiance and I went there for a food tasting for our engagement party and at first bite we knew this was the place. It was difficult to narrow down the party menu because everything we had was great. I have eaten at many Indian restaurants in the New York/New Jersey area and this place is one of the best. The food is amazing and very flavorful. During the event I had so many guests come up to me just to compliment the food. Their staff was attentive, curteous, and professional. I can't thank Mona enough for making our event as amazing as they have. We look forward to having our future events catered by them. We love Art of Spice!!
Haven't eaten at the restaurant, so I can't comment on the service. However, I've ordered several times and never been disappointed. The food is well-spiced, super flavorful, and delicious!
Delicious food! Great service! Beautiful ambience!! Jalopeno naan is the best naan I have ever had!! We are definitely going back to explore more.
Great Hakka Noodles and delicious Indian food. Best Indian restaurant in Bergen County.
Best Indian food I've ever had!  I ordered the chana masala and everything about it was just perfect.  The portion was large, too, so I have leftovers for tomorrow night and I will get to enjoy this delicious meal a second time.  I also really liked the extensive vegeterian portion of their menu.  As someone who prefers to not eat meat, I was happy to have so many options.  I will have to order many more times to experience all of these dishes!  Hopefully everything else will turn out as great as the chana masala did!
Great restaurant and the staff is better. The day i went was short staff because of a wedding and because of that the manager gave us free appetizers and drinks saving me over $50. Never had that happen before.. the food is delicious also
We have been here a couple of times for the lunch buffet. The food variety is good, with favorites like chicken tikka masala and tandoori chicken present, and many vegetable dishes to choose from. The food is tasty and flavorful. The service, even for a buffet, is not great. The staff can be found on their phones throughout the back of the dining room and near the kitchen. The music from the party space next door is incredibly loud, and can be felt in the floor which vibrates--it's an unpleasant part of the dining experience, especially because the loud techno contrasts horribly with the in-house smooth jazz of Art of Spice. Also found the bathrooms to be in need of attention.All of that said, it's a fine lunch buffet. It is concerning to me that whenever we're there we are the only customers, but if you're looking for quick and ready Indian food, it's a fine place to stop in.
If your going to advertise your lunch buffet is from 11:30-3pm then quit turning away customers who come in at 2:30.  This happened on multiple occasions.  This place always seems to be pretty empty to begin with so why are you turning away customers?  Can't see how a business like this can last long with this kind of snobby attitude, especially since there are half a dozen other Indian restaurants within walking distance.
My family searched for years for a great Indian place and we finally found it. So many great meals, both classic and ones that I've never heard of. Definitely recommended!!
Great food and great service. Seating much better than the typical Indian/Pakistani restaurant.
Has this place changed hands? We were there last week and the portions were way smaller and the naan was dry. Haven't seen Mona or her husband in a while. What gives?
Really impressed with this place. Modern decor, large menu, accommodating staff, and delicious food. The person I ate with (who was more familiar with Indian cuisine) noted that their menu had a variety of authentic dishes that you don't always see at Indian restaurants. We recommend the Chaat appetizer & Butter Chicken. Will definitely return.
I don't even know where to begin with this place!!! This is the best Indian food I have ever eaten other than food in India. the naan is fresh, and the food is extremely authentic and delicious!! the saag paneer is my absolute favorite as well as the biryanis!!! to DIE for and a must go if your in the area. they also deliver and are super fast in dropping off the food!!
A nice set up.  Not a typical Indian restaurant.  High ceilings and an airy setting.  Nice interior.I went for lunch buffett.  My son described exactly what I wanted to say.  "Lacks variety."All chicken and vegetarian dishes.  I was hoping to get some lamb curry.Chicken tandoori had the right color, but didn't really taste like anything.Really friendly staff.  I might return for dinner at some point to give them a second chance.
Best Indian food in town! I can honestly say they have the best lamb biryani I have ever tasted. Butter chicken is great! If they just opened it will take a while to get your food ready so never go around the time they open. I always get it delivered so I can't really comment on the restaurant vibe and atmosphere but from the outside the place looks very clean.
Food is good.. and they resolved problem which I had with them very quickly. It is very nice on their part to attend to the issues very fast.
Best Indian food I've had in NJ!! My girlfriend never wants Indian food, but she hasn't stopped asking me to go back here. She had the chicken tikka masala and won't stop talking about it. I had the chicken Korma, which was delicious as well. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
Nice & clean place. Beautiful interior of restaurant. Food was also good. Very good customer service.
Excellent food, great ambience, great hospitality and quick service!I have come here for the second time, last time I had experienced buffet and this time ordered entrees and main course! Undoubtedly this is one of the best Indian restaurant in Bergen County. Enjoy your food ;)
We were on our way to another restaurant when we spotted Art of Spice, and decided to have dinner here instead, as it looked interesting from the outside - best change of plan ever. The service and ambience was great, and we absolutely loved the food. This is one of the very few Indian cuisine restaurants I've been to, where the food is as authentic as it is tasty, and not some generic gravies thrown together.We ordered the Kerala goat curry, Kerala fish curry, garlic naans, and parathas for the main course. Everything was so full of flavor, especially the fish curry which was fantastic, and tasted perfect - just the way it's made in Kerala, or even better.The interiors are spacious, and not cluttered as you would see in most other restaurants. Overall,  we really enjoyed our experience here and would definitely be recommending this place  to our friends.
Really wanted to like this place. It's swanky, relatively close to home, and food looked good on pictures. But unfortunately the food was just barely ok.- Chicken kabob appetizer- Butter Chicken- Shrimp Malay Curry- Rosemary NaanThe Naan was kinda thin and dry. The butter chicken was red and tasted like plain tomato sauce, both curries pretty watery instead of being thick and creamy. The appetizer was ok.
This restaurant is excellently designed. It feels like Downtown NYC, but you are in Downtown Hackensack.The staff are very friendly and accommodating with outside purchased due to it's BYOB status.The appetizers were nice and spicy as expected and there are different types to pick from. The Goat Meatballs were a little tough, but flavorful. The prep times were lengthy, but expected because it is a higher end type of restaurant. Portions are plentiful and flavorful. Amount of spice is to your request. I personally had to request more spicy based on my taste and enjoyment.A little on the expensive side and $138.74 for a group of four was more than we expected at a BYOB.
Art of Spice was amazing. One of the best Indian meals I have ever had and I love Indian food. The dining room is modern and immaculate. The meal began with an order of veggie samosas. Three perfectly fried samosas with a garnish of sweet onions and carrots. The spices in the samosas were perfect and aromatic with just the right amount of heat. My entrée was Chicken Tikka Masala (not feeling too adventurous). The gravy was spiced perfectly although the chicken chunks were a little small. Will absolutely come back here next time I'm in the area.
I went to this place a few months back when it opened and had lunch and left unimpressed. I was hoping that this was just a one time thing and hopefully once they are settled in things would improve. I went for a lunch buffet today and here is my take on it. Appetizer - Tandoori chicken (very good) and masala idli (the flavor was very good but it did not taste like an idli)Entrée - Butter chicken (awful), chicken vindaloo (did not try as it looked awful), dal (decent), saag corn (awful), vegetable korma (did not try as it looked awful) and Naan (very good)Desert - Gulab Jamun (did not try) and gajar halwa (did not try as it looked awful)All the entrees had too much water in them and were luke warm. At 12:45, the food burners were not even turned on. The only edible items were the tandoori chicken and Naan which we were enjoying and then the waiter told us that each buffet comes with only one Naan (a small one). He only told us after bringing out the additional naan and that's when we told him that this is an all you can eat buffet and he said as per the owner its only one naan per person. What amazes me is how the owner/manager did not care about our complaint about watery and lukewarm food and not once did she come to our table to check on us despite the waiter communicating our concerns to her.I will not coming back to this place under any circumstance.
The place is really nice. The lassi was alright. But the paneer masala and butter chicken were very tomatoe-y. I have had better food at other places. The staff was really nice and kind.
I had such a great time at this restaurant. The customer service was excellent!!! And the food was good. It's clean and a has a great atmosphere. Great for a date night or for spending time with friends. I will definitely be back.
Really Bad imitation Indian food. Really bad...
Went here with a few coworkers after work. We ordered several apps to share, and for my entree I shared it with my daughter who also tagged along: chicken tikka masala, rice, and garlic naan-- our fav indian dish. It was very flavorful and delicious. We were very full by the end. Don't know how we managed dessert but we did. Loved the ambiance and artwork that surrounded us too. Oh and it's BYOB. Always a plus
One of the best Indian food restaurants I've had in the Bergen county area! Samosas are on point!
Chicken Tikka Masala (Spicy) - Great flavor, but thin and watered down (soup like). Not spicy enough. Cost $16 but I value it at $12.Chicken Tikka Masala (Mild) -  No flavor and it was too sweet! Tasted like condensed milk with sugar and tomatoes! Also thin and watered down. I don't understand how it could taste so different. White Rice - Nice and light. Butter Naan -  Pretty good.
Wow! What an amazingly flavorful meal I just had. I started with their Mullagatoni Soup, I then had some lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Tikka. Both were excellent but the soup was the star of the night.  Will definitely go back again.
Food is great. Lunch has an amazing buffet.
We went for a Sunday buffet. It was good. The food options were less. There was no lamb dish and neither they had biriyani. Equal options of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes. Nice ambience.
Great food! And staff very nice! The owners were so nice! The Kadai paneer, chili paneer and Manchurian and everything was amazing
I got delivery from here. Spent 40 bucks on 5 pieces of shrimp and a kids size bowl of Chicken Tikka Masala. The garlic Naan was okay but it was soggy by the time it got to my place.
Consistency in quality and great customer service makes this place the best experience in fine Indian dining that you can ever get. SO after 20 months, put this restaurant to litmus test and boy o boy they were were consistent in quality, great customer service and a nice ambience. What else do you need when you get combination of these 3 great things.The Lamb chops were as usual great. Very nicely done, succulent and juicy.The Kerala keen shrimp curry was just too good . Bhuna gosht was very nicely done and slow cooked so that flavor and texture were perfect. Try their Jalapeño naan and finish with their signature Peshawari naan... You cannot go wrong with that.THE BEST INDIAN FINE DINING EXPERIENCE THAT YOU CAN EVER IMAGINE..
Ordered a big catering for Diwali. Ordered naan, tandoori mushrooms, gobi manchurian, papri chaat, malai kofta, saag paneer,veg biryani, bhuna goshst, and more. All the food was super. We can eat it all up and it tasted even better. The service was quick and delivery. I'm sure eating at the restaurant will be better. The restaurant does have a heavy hand in spice. So be careful.
I stopped by here while in town visiting some relatives and I have to say I'm so glad I did! I was so impressed by the overall ambience of the restaurant which was super chic, not tacky like other places I've been. The service was awesome, every worker I encountered was friendly and polite. The food was out of this world delish! I really enjoyed the extra effort in presentation. You can tell the staff and kitchen are top notch professionals just by the appearance and exotic tastes presented in the various dishes. My favorite would have to be the mango lassi, tastes just like back home in India!! Everything was fresh and cooked perfectly. I loved the tandoori and Chicken Biriyani. Some of the best I've ever had. Great service, memorable environment, and authentic cuisine at reasonable prices, what more could you ask for? Next time I'm in town, I will definitely stop by again and will recommend my new go to spot to all of my friends and family in Bergen county!
We got the food to go, so I can't rate the service or the space.  However, I've passed by this place in the past and the dining room does look very nice.  The lady who took the order was polite and the food was ready on time for pick up.The food definitely tasted great.  Everything tasted fresh and the care that went into preparing each dish came through.  I was a bit surprised by the portion size though as they are on the smaller side.   I should have ordered extra rice because we ran out of it, and still had about half of the vindaloo left over.  The tanginess and the spice level were right on.  My only reservation is the price and the portion size.  I didn't really get a lot for $30. While I enjoyed the food, I probably won't be able to order from them frequently.  I think lunch buffet would be a great option though.
I've been to lots of Indian restaurants in my life, so my standard is pretty high. That being said, Art of Spice wow'd me. Their eggplant chaat was original and mind-blowing, while still maintaining a traditional Indian flavor profile. The Kati Roll was perfect - it didn't fall apart in my hands, it didn't taste too greasy, and the Paneer was cooked and flavored masterfully. Even the mango Lassi reminded me of what I have at home. Moreover, the staff is very attentive to detail and the ambiance and decor are excellent. Honestly, I was more impressed with this restaurant than I was with a Michelin one-star Indian restaurant in New York.
Excellent service at dinner and a great variety of dishes at dinnertime. The Indo-Chinese is excellent. And the rasmali dessert is amazing. Highly recommend. Beautiful dining space with tons of room between and around tables.
Best Indian I've had! This is my new favorite Indian restaurant! I am a blonde american married to an indian guy so I've had ALOT of Indian food! My husband took me and our two kids here for dinner recently and I was sooo impressed from the moment we walked in. The decor is  elegant and beautiful and so is the food! Everything was delicious and beautifully presented. My kids said the mango lasse ( mango shake) was the best they've had! If you love chicken I highly recommend the Tandoori Kabob Platter-- sooo moist, tender and delicious! Also try my favorite dish-Murgh Makhani ( also called butter chicken or chicken makhani, pronounced " muck nee") And definately get a garlic naan to dip in the sauce! Youcan also get Paneer Tikka  Masala which is chunks of Indian cheese in the same sauce-- sooo yummy! If you love spinach order the Palak( spinach) Paneer ( indian cheese) I loved this place so much we brought my mother- in-law for the Sunday lunch buffet which was AMAZING! Great way to try many dishes at once! We will be coming here often!
When i walked into Art of Spice, i was amazed. Not only was the restaurant decor beautiful,the service was top notch. The server i had was very friendly, attentive, and knew everything about the food being served. Also, the food wasn't bad either. I visited many Indian restaurant but i have to say Art of Spice is my favorite by far, because of the excellent service and food.
Art of Spice is a "nice" place (you cannot say that always about Indian restaurants in Bergen county). Food is what Indian food tastes like in New Jersey. Their lunch spread is pretty good although partial to Chicken-lovers. Vegetarian fare is not stellar but it's not sub-par either. Restrooms need attention (cleanliness, paper towels, basic stuff). Parking is a major hassle on Main street but they have designated parking spaces which is pretty cool.
So this is my second review for same restaurant.This time they served us food on time.  Food was good (somewhat on expensive side though).  Service was also good.BTW haven't seen any Indian restaurant that charges for Onions.  It should be part of North Indian tradition that goes well with food without any additional cost.  Hope they consider changing it.
Their food is great. I'm in fact a regular here. I visit them once or twice a month. Their indo-chi is as good as I must have tried in Mumbai. Their service is great too. All of them are really gentle, warm and very welcoming.
Best and fresh indian food ever.. Compare to another restaurant little costly but its worth becoz its very tasty n fresh.. The lady is there is so friendly n welcoming.. Servers r kind too.. Thank you..
I have ate there a couple of times, the food is very good ! One of the best Indian food places I have ever been . no kidding. It's also nicely decorated and good service. The only down side is the time of waiting.  Probably the best restaurant on the street. I recommend to try their bread.
My wife and I visited art of spice on Saturday after a morning of chores. Looking a sumptuous indian meal, we found what we wanted. Mona and Naveen, owners wished us as we entered,  which gave us a warm feeling about the place. The decor is beautiful,  cozy and feels like a fancy restaurant setting. For starters,  we had Gobi Manchurian and Chilly chicken, the gobi manchurian taste is unique. The spices jump out at you. The chilly chicken was something you would not have at another restaurant.  For the main course, I ordered a Veg Nilgri curry and tandoori roti, my wife ordered Mysore masala dosa. The Veg Nilgri curry was tasty and very favour full.  My wife was raving about the Mysore masala dosa and sambhar. You know the dosa is great , when sambhar was authentic south indian style. Can't wait to go back and try the other dishes.All in all, this place is welcome sight compared to some of the other indian restaurants in Hackensack.
No question this place one the best Indian restaurant in New Jersey. The food is very well prepared and served very nicely. The waiters are very professional and most importantly the place is really really clean. While the buffet is reasonably priced, the dinner is very expensive, particularly for the location where the restaurant is located. My suggestion is to have one night a week to have buffet at the same price for lunch. Needs to attract bigger crowd for dinner.
Visited for the first time today. This is good Indian food. Perfect spice level and awesome overall taste. Nice selection of meat and vegetarian options. I especially liked the kebab mix - super tasty! The service is attentive as well. I will definitely be coming back.
If you want to get food full of colors... order it from Art of Spice. This is the 2nd time we got food from here and both times it was horrible. Food is overpriced and quality is pathetic. Pls stay away.
I had ordered for delivery here about last week. I was craving chicken 65 with regular paratha. I was highly disappointed. 22 bucks for just a handful of chicken and they deceived you with mostly green garnishing. The paratha was good. But that's about it. They "zested" the chicken 65 with too much lemon juice which took away from the actual flavor. A lot of paki/Indian restaurants I go to, always offer you a choice if you want any extra flavor. Long story short, will not order from here again.
Food is absolutely delicious and I would have easily given it 5 stars had it not been for the 1 hour delivery wait time (I live not even 5 minutes away) plus they didn't give me any plastic utensils or napkins. :(  Btw, your website clearly says "Speedy Delivery."
I picked this placed based on the review for a family dinner on a Friday evening. From the first look I thought this should be a decent restaurant. Ordered Tandoori Platter, soup, Biriyani, Kerala fish curry, few Naans. I always like to try Biriyani in all the India restaurants I have been to. That is one food I can measure the Indian restaurants quality. Biriyani is simple to make hard to perfect it. Even after repeatedly asking the waiter if the Biriyani is a dum biriyani similar to Biriyani Pot and the response was 'Better than that', classic marketing! Here comes the food after a long wait (only 6 tables were occupied out of 15 or 20). Soup was averageTandoori platter averageBiriyani was horribleFish curry - below averageI would not recommend for repeated visit maybe if you want to try a different Indian restaurant. This restaurant is no different than any other Indian restaurants in the US. They do not have the authenticity.
I have tried many indian places around my area, and this one's definitely top 3. Food was amazing, although our dishes had a lot of ginger, it was still good!. For those who are not into ginger, please request less ginger!. Food is definitely amazing. One thing for sure is that the ambiance was a bit off. Meaning, the two workers that were there were not that friendly. It almost seemed as if they both got in an argument of some sort before we got in. My bf and i felt a little uncomfortable in that area. But overall, great food, very authentic. We will definitely return
Art of Spice is my favorite Indian restaurant in the area. I like that a lot of dishes have a South Indian influence. The staff is so attentive. The owner even was working alongside the staff and took our order. This was our second visit here and yet again she suggested good choices.The ambience of this place wonderful with live music. I should say it happened to be Valentine's Day on this visit.You won't be disappointed !
i really liked it; my Indian friend on the other hand didn't like it. he didn't think it was spicy enough. i thought it was fine. i'm not getting in the middle of that. lets just say it was spicy enough.
Delicious food!!! Nice spacious restaurant. Something for everyone on their menu. We found the food to be flavorful - not too spicy. This was a very pleasant experience. We will definitely be back. Kudos to Mona!!
Food was amateur not what I was expecting at all.... The chili fish was pretty good ... The chicken tikka masala was tasteless we ordered medium and basically just got chicken in sauce ... We were dissatisfied and disappointed ... The garlic naan and butter naan was good ... First and last time
Went for the Sunday lunch buffet.   Hostess was very nice and restaurant was nicely decorated however food was mediocre at best (I am an Indian so I know good Indian food).  THe restaurant does a poor job in managing the buffet.  We had to go to the sation 5 separate times (once we waited 5 minutes for plates, then the entrees had to be replenished one by one, then the bread and then finally the desert)  We did about 15 minutes of going back and forth and 5 minutes of eating.Most of the buffet was empty and we along with others had to back and stand in line over and over to get food.   This has nothing to do with keeping food fresh.  If you are going to a buffet you don't expect to go five times to get a plate of food.   In some cases the food was not replenished at all.  I love the green  chutney    During the entire hour we were there it was not replenished at all. While it is a far ride, Jersey City is the place to go for Indian food.  If we are in the mood to have this food again, I would prefer to take the drive.  I wont be coming back.
Food's great - and for someone who rarely frequents Indian restaurants, I give this place 5 stars. Atmosphere is great and very lively. A wonderful decor, and nice sound system.The hosts are very friendly.There's ample parking in the back, as I noticed one poster referring to a lack of parking on Main St. Just make a left past the restaurant, then another left onto State St. Turn left into the lot behind C-Town.
Its one of the best indian resturent i have ever been to.it was a great experience for me and my friends.food is realy delicious.they have big portion of food.the food is realy traditionl. Staffs are friendly.its a great BYOB with nice decor.i went with my non indian friends and they became a fan of indian food  and this resturent.ambiance is realy relaxing.we were looking for the parking and one of the staffs came and told us about the parking in REAR.the resturent has a good and safe parking area in REAR.A great satisfaction is guaranteed.
Great service! The head chef came to the table to make sure everything was perfect!! The food is fantastic. I recommend trying this place.
Asked for an chicken biryani and they are giving chicken gravy mixed with rice. They call it Dum Biriyani and charge 17$.
Well kept secret hidden away in Hackensack NJ. I have been coming once per week for lunch during the weekday eat all you can for one price. No waiting alway a table. Food is made daily and taste great.
I visited this place on recommendation from a friend who used to live around Hackensack, NJ. And I have fallen in love with their South Indian delicacies. Me and my wife are fan of their Malabar Lamb or Goat curry wiith Lacha Paratha that goes well with it. Their mixed tandoori grill is also great especially Malai and Haryani Chicken Kebabs. We also tried and liked their Chole Bhature from weekend Buffet. If you are a non-vegeterian and this is your 1st visit, I strongly recommend Malabar Lamb curry because the chef is from Kerala, part of South Western India and is too good at it that even my friends from that region found this dish truly authentic and delicious. Apart from food, the ambiance of the place is 10/10, very clean, well decorated with tall ceilings. The tables are also well spaced apart. Keep up the good work guys and we will keep visiting as long as we are around this place and within commutable distance!
What a fantastic experience!  The owner has put her personal touch on every detail of this restaurant.  We had an unbelievable meal with some local specialties we had never heard of before even while in India.  Totally recommend this place.  We'll be back for the buffet next time!
I visited Art of Spice on a Saturday night. It was closing to 10pm and they were kind enough to accommodate us. Right off the bat I can say the hospitality to be warm and kind. Great people!! We ordered paneer chilli, aalo paratha, dal makahni and veg biryani. We requested that the food be prepared real spicy and they delivered keeping the flavors absolutely perfect. I enjoyed the food. It was by far the best I have had in Hackensack/Bergen town area. If you are around that area you must definitely give it a shot. We spent around $50 for all of that. Good portion size, great taste and nice staff.
Had Malai kofta with Naan breads, it was super delicious! Schezwan fried rice was also tasty :)
Nice indian restaurant and with none of the gaudy colors on the wall. Very clean and best of all great food. The food is very close to authentic and is not uber rich like the silly NY indian restaurants. My fav - hyderabadi biriyani
Sadly, the place has fallen in line with the typical and generic Indian restaurants.  The food once had that true authentic flavor but now it's just mediocre.  I'm not sure if they fired the original chef or decided to change the flavor for quantity vs quality.  I'm no longer a fan
Really good Indian food. Very high quality and not greasy at all. Biryani, samosas, bindi, chicken tandoori all excellent. Great service and atmopshere as well and it is also BYOB which is a plus. Definitely recommend trying this place.
Art of Spice is a hidden Gem in Hackensack! Not being Indian I am so picky with their food. Some places have good food but the place isn't very clean or the staff is not very friendly. Art of Spice is the full package. Delicious food, friendly staff and beautiful restaurant! We are hooked! Keep up the great work!!
Excellent! One of the best Indian food restaurants in the Tri-State area. Amazing wait staff.
1. Paneer tikka bilkul Dili wala just amazing2. Gobhi manchurian Outta the world3. Tandoori sizzler just grrrreat
This is a very good place to try.food was really good And the service was excellent.The owner is very nice she came over and checked on us frequently !
I went there tonight with a groupon. I live in the area and figure i'd try it out. While I'm not big on Indian food, the food here is delicious! Everything is well-made. While dining I couldn't help but notice there were a lot of indian looking people (could be Pakistani or Guyanese for all I know so I don't want to assume) who were dining so that must be a good sign! Everything was prepared very nicely. The service is good and food is exceptional. Groupon or not I will definitely be back.
This place is AWESOME! Everything we had there was fresh, beautiful and delicious. The balance of all the spices is very well done. You can tell the kitchen cooks with love, care and pride. Highly recommended for anyone who loves Indian food.
Fantastic flavors! Absolutely enjoyed everything that was served. The owner was really nice. It's a really, nice, new place. Oh and it's a byob, can't beat that combination.
Been here for the 3rd time and each time it gets better. Amazing food, great prices, and what's even better is the service. It's BYOB, and what I love most is the variety of the menu. Don't forget to try the Tandoori sampler or for the adventurous, the Goat Bhuna.
Art of Spice is pretty great. Their delivery is great as well. I like the ambiance of the place and the service is real nice. The food is good. It's slowly becoming our Go-To place for Indian food esp while entertaining.
We ordered in food last night, delivered on time and it was all fantastic, even the dishes we never had before. Thanks for the recommendations inclusive of The Lamb Butter Marsala and the Lamb Shahi Korma  were great. The staff including the delivery man couldn't be any nicer. Definitely recommend this place. 5 thumbs up. One complaint, 5 dishes ordered and only 3 pints of rice, definitely not enough rice.
Last night .. We tried to order biriyani for delivery and there was no salt in food .. very disappointing!
This is a new Indian restaurant on Main Street. Initially I was skeptical of trying it as I am very scared of going to new Indian places. But when i visited this place I cannot have enough of it. Their crispy eggplant and tamarind appetizer is awesome. I loved bhindi masala,tarka daal and chicken tikka masala. Owner is very friendly and staff is also good. Decor is superb. I wish they had buffet on weekends or some tasting plates. I have been to this place twice in a week planning to visit them again with my friends soon.
I love the interior design of the restaurant. The food was not bad, but also wasn't the best.The lunch buffet was just ok. They have a good variety of dishes on their menu just wish they improved the flavor . I tried a few chicken dishes and I felt it was more on the bland side.
Went with a friend for lunch.  The place looks really nice with high ceilings, moldings, and wood floors.  A great sound system, too.  The lunch buffet was absolutely delicious.  I loved the eggplant and the dhal along with the savory rice.  I will definitely be back!
Awesome Indian food and pleasant atmosphere , service was so good I like the spicy level they use that's exactly what I want....., thank you guys for the wonder full evening .....
Fantastic.  I'm very picky, service excellent, had crispy eggplant as appetizer soooooo good dinner fantastic.  This place deserves a try you will be back for sure!
Amazing food! Very hard to find authentic indian food. Had the buffet and I am very pleased. Everything is clean and new. Will be back again for more.
Easy to find parking and the interior is nice. We had the Sunday lunch buffet and honestly it was just ok. The tandoori chicken was a little dry and the different curries were not too impressive. Overall pretty pedestrian food not much more to say.
We went to this restaurant yesterday for dinner. We ordered Tandoori Chicken Platter which was sizzling hot and tasty. Then we ordered chicken biryani, which was also good. This place is little expensive compared to others also has small serving portions but it is worth a try. The staff was very humble and really nice.
Beautiful space. Big bright clean. Service was fantastic. Lamb kabob and Palek paneer were delicious!
Great food, good quality of service. We often order takeout from here. Everything is fresh, nicely presented and deliciously flavorful. Strongly recommended.
quality is good however quantity is insufficient .ordered malai kofta and dal makahani.We found the items less for 2 people...my suggestion -Include salad with orders more than $25..please give 1 rice bowl only ,other bowl could include curd...so that atleast customers finds value for money...a bit expensive for the quanity ordered
Best Indian food in Bergen County. Beautiful modern interior tastefully designed. Food is consistent and amazing. Every dish I had was nothing but great. There's something to zing up everyone's pallet. Have to try everything on the menu. The Sunday brunch is super awesome with all the South Indian choices. Have been a repeat customer ever since they opened. Highly Recommended!!!Foodie'G'
Take 3 .. Guys .. I will declare Art of Spice is the #1 INDIAN restaurant in north Bergen now!! Mantra and Brick lane curry house go suck on this!!! Rest All Are Hyped out crap...!!
Great food Great service! Highly recommended. We came for lunch. They offer buffet and menu service. We choose the buffet. They made sure it was stocked and warm. I will definitely be back.
Awesome Food , one of the best Biryani I have ever had in NJ !!! Awesome Service!! Had a great time with my friends , will surely be returning back to try their Indo Chinese cuisine :) as well !!
I was a little iffy when I first found out there was a new Indian place in Hackensack Main st. I have been to most of the Indian places on Main St. before and had some of the worst Indian food I can imagine (the food poisoning kind) so my expectations were very low. I got take out here initially and I was pleasantly surprised by the ambiance and décor, very classy and neat. The food quality was equally impressive, fresh and flavorful. So I decided to come in to have a meal with my family and the food was equally yummy but there were a few things which prevent me from giving this venue a 5/5 rating. First, the parking situation isn't great. It's street parking in the front, which is usually filled up. They have a private lot in the back, but it is hard to get to and the parking isn't the most convenient. Second, it took them 5 tries to get me a high chair that had secure straps! All of their high chairs were broken and it took them over a half hour to get my child a high chair that was actually functional. Staff is nice, but a little clueless. I would recommend getting them better training on the menu and the supplies/furniture. One of the best Indian restaurants in the Bergen County Area!
Good food, AH-MA-ZING service!!! I thought the food was ok, but my family LOVED the food. I was taken away by the excellent service. Will be our go to Indian restaurant for our family night outs from now on. Do yourself a favor & check them out if you are in the mood for some Indian cuisine :)
I came in on Valentines Day and had bad customer service experience. Considering I spent over $150. I was picking up. As I was approaching counter which was located all the way In the back,I was not greeted nor asked if I can be helped. I stood there for a good 2 min because waiter was right in front of me with back turned. So I patiently waited, so I don't come across as being rude. As he stepped away I approached other server in regards to my order he turned his back and had begin to have a conversation with another server. Finally I was helped. I had called 30 min before to place my order and food still wasn't ready, not a problem. There was not a single customer in the restaurant. I was asked if I wanted to have a seat and I nicely told the gentlemen my daughter was in car waiting, so I'll just wait near the front. He then mentioned he will let me know when foods ready, insisting I wait in car. 40 min later no one advised me food was ready. I was shocked! I would have walked out, only I had already paid and had a bunch of hungry people waiting for me at home. I was dressed to impress. Wasn't like a hobo walked in. This had been my first time here. I don't think they are friendly people.food was ok id give it a three star but when I want to eat I need an experience, that would defiantly keep me from returning.
Interior and service was very good. North indian dishes was great. We ordered some indo chinese and they were below par and thats why I have to take a star. Otherwise it was really good.
Great Food! Fish Koliwada & Chicken 65 amazing!
The food here is very good one of the better places in the area! The decor is also very nice and newly renovated/modern. There is a large table in the dining area perfect for big groups. The service was the best part of our night. Bhubal was our waiter and he was very attentive and really nice! At the end of our meal the owner of the store introduced herself and she was great! Lastly its BYOB!!! (thumbs up emoji right here :D) Loved my time here will be back!!!
Great service, great food. Can give Indian restaurants in NYC and Long Island a good run for their money. So glad to find a place like this in bergen county! Will be returning again.
Such a great new Indian restaurant in bergen county. Its very beautiful from the inside. the owner is very kind as well as the waiter. we got the tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala and garlic naan. All were made  with the flavor perfected. Highly recommended. After trying so many Indian spots in NJ this is on my top 3.
The place is really nice inside, spacious with high ceilings, clean. But i was not a fan of the food for the following reason: very salty! The channa masala at the buffer had too much in it. Simple channa masala would have been tastier... It had way too many onions. The chilli paneer- i did not get many paneer pieces. The naan- its not fluffy. It is dense as opposed to Tandoori chef which has airier and lighter taste. The mysore bonda was good. The daal thing was also good. The biryani? Way too salty and spicy comes out as mild. Tandoori chef has poor service, but the food seems to be much more tasty. Tandoori chef has the most amaZing biryani i have ever had in my entire life... But i still would not go there, bc their service and prices are poor. Still will be on the lookout for another great indian place. Art of spice is new so they have room for improvement and hopefully will appreciate the input . I would say 2.5 food 4 for ambience.
If I could give this place more than 5 stars, I so would. The food is so delicious and they make it exactly to your taste. Their service is very good as well. I am glad to have this in our neighborhood as this has become our go to spot after a long day at work.
palak paneer was good. chicken vindaloo was alright. overall decent. nice space.
What a delight!  We were extremely pleased by the decor, the ambiance and the quality of food.  The service exceeded our expectations, considering the restaurant is relatively new.  The chili chicken and the haka noodles are to die for (well not really to die for, but.. you know what I mean).  The menu had an interesting variety of authentic, fusion and south Indian offerings.  I am happy that we now have a fine Indian restaurant close to home.
