Great service delivered within 40 mins and we paid cash on delivery something others don't do. Two Brits in NYC for weekend staying in Brooklyn we fancied a nice Indian curry like we get back home in England. The food was well presented and the little extra sauces in the pots were a welcome change for us. The wife had a chicken tikka massala which was a little different from back home but still nice and I had the chicken Madras (mild) which was great. Delivery driver was pleasant and found the apartment fine. Would order again next time we're back in Brooklyn. Thanks
This is my favorite Indian food take out of all time, and that's saying a lot because I order a lot of Indian food. I've tried a few things on they're menu and everything always tastes authentically seasoned...perfectly seasoned if you ask me. The portions are generous enough that I often plan on having it for 2 meals.Now the icing on the cake: the service. These guys actually CARE about their customers. They're fast, polite and friendly. Literally have never had a problem with any of the dozens of orders to this place. They even called me to wish me well when they found out I was moving. If that isn't 5 star service, I don't know what is.Please someone order from them 100 times in my absence!
Favorite take out place! Tastes fresh, always hot, and budget friendly. Love their palak paneer.
Best Indian delivery I have ever gotten in NYC. Arrived on time, and hot. The Pelak (saag) Paneer was so fresh, well spiced and much better than the places I typically order from. Def will be my new go-to.
Tried them out for the first time last week and already ordered from them three times. First things first the food is always delivered quickly and hot!!I have my usual order of the veggie samosas, tikka masala sauce and a LOT of naan. Being able to just order the sauce is actually a dream come true. The food i order is delicious and I have no doubt that everything else is amazing too!! Everyone is so nice there and I couldn't love this place more!
Good, flavorful food, decent prices and specials, and fast courteous delivery. What more can you want?Got the Malai Kofta. Wish there were more dumplings, even if they had to be smaller. Very yummy.
My husband and I went to Curry Garden last night for dinner for the first time.  It's clearly more of a take out business but we had great food and friendly service.  My standard Indian meal is the mixed grill, which is usually the most expensive item on the menu.  This platter came out piled high with meat that was steaming and sizzling, hot off the grill.  Absolutely delicious, and the most meat I've ever received on a mixed grill platter.  When it arrived I was happy that there would be enough to take some home, but it was so delicious that did not happen.  I ate it all and wobbled home.  The other thing I must mention is the naan.  I rarely eat bread and naan tends to be tasteless and hardly worth the carbs, but this naan was absolutely delicious!  Although a sizzling platter and fresh buttered naan would obviously be better eaten in the restaurant, straight out of the kitchen, I'm looking forward to ordering from them also.
Bad first impression when my delivery took 80 minutes, but when I called the guy I talked to was sweet and apologized, and the food was good and affordable and the portions were huge. The delivery combo comes with what I assume is a full sized appetizer, entree, side of rice and piece of naan for $13.95. I had samosas and chicken tikka masala curry. Both were good. Tikka masala was very tomato-y (is that an adjective?). Also, be warned: they WILL make it spicy if you ask for it, which is rare and awesome.
The best Indian food around! I recommend ordering the Combination, as you get a really good selection of Vegetarian curries, appetizers, plus both rice and naan- on top of that they always throw in a bunch of extras. Raita, at least two kinds of chutney and some sort of tapioca-like dessert. Unlike other restaurants their Basmati rice is moist and they top it with a garnish of sweet onions and carrots. The delivery people are usually prompt or early, and nice as well. I think it's a family owned place, and they do a great job. Tip them well!
I was a huge fan of this restaurant UNTIL the delivery man started yelling at me for not tipping him enough. I have ordered several times from them and always tip well, not to mention a tip is a suggestion! I am extremely disappointed in the treatment I received tonight.
I've tried other Indian restaurants around the way. This one beats them all. The portions are huge, and delivery time is NEVER MORE THAN 40min
Considering I order here once a week, I realized I should rate them. I pretty much only get the channa masala delivery special with samosas, which comes with naan and rice. The saag paneer and the korma is pretty darn good too. I can give them 5 stars because I sampled the other options in the neighborhood and came to the scientific conclusion that they are the best around. Plus, they have the nicest staff so give them a nice tip because they deserve it. Also, a major factor to their rating are the sauces I dip my samosas in. I have no idea what they're called. The brown stuff mixed with the green stuff? That's my favorite.
Solid option. The palak paneer is good, not too oily, no sweetness, not too spicy, nice and flavorful. And a massive portion, enough to last me 3 meals. The garlic naan is just ok, a little dry and not enough butter. They also gave me a little free container of almond rice pudding, which is delicious, it's seasoned with cardamom. 15$ for 3 meals worth of tasty food.
I was disappointed when I ordered the poultry special to find that the majority of my meal was sides and veggies. I got the chicken tikka masala which had about five chunks of chicken and a ton of sauce. I wasn't a fan of the packaging because they put the lentils on top of the rice and I'm used to Indian spots putting everything in separate containers. Flavor wise, it was just ok. My quest for good Indian food in Brooklyn continues..
Note: just for their delivery serviceTheir Nava-Rattan curry is the bomb. Ay. And the delivery guy is the nicest dude. I got stuck on the train today and though he had to wait a few minutes for me to let him in, he was very understanding about it. The past two times I've ordered from here they've included the same delicious bonus dessert - it appears to be a version of rice pudding. They have five stars on Seamless for a reason. Here's five more stars for you!
Always good product inlive the vibe of the shop.highly recomnede them .always nice and welcoming
This is an excellent addition to this neighborhood filled with wonderful eateries. The owner was warm and friendly and offered us extras during the meal. Both the Navratan Korma and Chicken Tikka Masala were excellent as were the Samosa and Nan. We offer an unqualified recommendation to this gem of a restaurant.
I order from here pretty frequently and I have to say I love it. They have great delivery specials, their curry is flavorful with just the right amount of spice, and their specials come with so much bang for your buck! They have a bunch of different varieties of curry to choose from, I'll probably order here quite frequently in the future
One of the better local Indian restaurants. Good creamy chicken tikka masala, lots of lamb in the lamb saag, and the samosas tasted fresh fried, not soft and soggy. Garlic nan was very good. Fast delivery and will order again.
I've done pick up and delivery and food was great both times. Delivery took about 20 mins.
This place is delicious, perfectly flavored and spiced, and authentic! Best Indian food in the neighborhood! They also give you plenty so expect leftovers.
Fabulous food. Fresh. Amazing prices. So kind. Delivery or eat in. So happy this place is in Crown Heights.
The food is pretty good--I get the veg samosas, chicken tikka masala, the soups lentil & mulugu, the naan.  Delish.  Iv also had the aloo chat & samosa chat, not a fan of that (although iv ordered from other restaurants and love those dishes), the portion sizes are generous for an appetizer, I will say.  The food always arrives steaming hot and very quick.
Just received my seamless order and I have to say, I'm pretty impressed. The biryani is delicious. Also, the tikka masala isn't greasy/oily in the slightest, which I find to be the case with a lot of Indian restaurants. I will say though, it is pretty spicy. Not too hot but someone is definitely doing their mother proud here. Shouldn't be mild and it certainly isn't, but if you're not into spicy, make sure to specify! Really happy with the order.
This is my first NY review. Coming from Los Angeles, I didn't eat or crave a lot of Indian food. But stumbling upon this place on our drunken way home, we were able to order delivery at this quaint little restaurant and have it delivered to us as soon as we got back from our walk home. Since then, Curry Garden has left an impression that has us ordering from them every time I crave Indian food, which is now more often than usual for me. Although they don't honor the coupon on the back of their menus, their customer service is excellent. So far, we've ordered the Chicken Tikki Masala, Lamb Rogan josh, Lamb Saagwalla, (all in the combination specials list) as well as the Shrimp Curry and Goan Shrimp Curry and all were delicious. The place was brand new when we first found them and they have a limited number of reviews which prompted me to start writing. In conclusion, I recommend these guys if you ever have any craving for some Indian food. :)
Delivery is quick and the food is always still hot upon arrival . The chicken samosas are to die for add garlic naan and the chicken tiki masala, maaannn I'm in heaven . I love this spot everything is always fresh and delicious . They stay open late and the entrees aren't hit or miss like other Indian spots in the area .
I ordered from this place on seamless everything was going well until I tasted the RICE it was waaaay over cooked! The rice was mushy and was just gross it ruined the whole meal!
I ordered on seamless .. Delivered fast food was hot ... They gave all the condiments which I love . I orders the combination lamb josh rogan .. The meat was good but not a lot of pieces 5 pieces of meat and a lot of sauce . The rice was good and came with green peas and orange rice on top.. It look so nice. The combination came with naan . The bread was ok .. It also came with rice pudding.. Everything was on point just not enough meat.
Curry Garden recently replaced Niahmah.  I've only been once (last night), but it is SO MUCH better than Niahmah - or any other Indian nearby.  It's less sweet and more flavorful than Pearl or Bombay Masala (the sweetness of Indian food around here really drives me crazy as I dislike it but I guess some must like it because so many restaurants make their sauces sweet).  I had the pakoras and the chicken tikka masala.  It was a dinner special - appetizer, entree, rice, naan, and chutneys for $14.  The pakoras were not slices of vegetables in batter, but more like vegetable fritters with chopped veggies mixed up with chickpea flour and fried.  Very tasty.  The chicken was really nice white meat in a very delicious well-spiced sauce.  I used my pakoras to sop up the leftover sauce because it was so good.  I picked up my food and it was ready about 15 minutes after I ordered.I also have to say something about the guys running the restaurant, who were super nice and said to please let them know if there were ever any issues with the food.  They said that this is their first business.  With their high-quality food and great service so far, I bet they'll do really well (and I hope they do!).
I've tried most of the Indian restaurants in my delivery radius, this is by far the best. Most of the others taste basically the same, way too heavy on the tomato paste, too sweet, and too much oil. I've loved everything I've tried here, very unique flavors, and such nice delivery guys. They always come upstairs and for some reason they always throw in something on the house, either dessert or bread. They're just great.
Will not be ordering from here again!!! Staff is rude, delivery normally takes over an hour and a half to arrive (once I ordered rice and masala sauce which took over 2 HOURS to arrive and I live ten minutes away by foot. I assume they had just forgotten my order??) Sauce is often overly creamy, and bland. Order from Tandoori masala instead! Never supporting this place again!
SO SPICY! I ordered chicken tikka masala and palak paneer (as I do whenever I order Indian) and it arrived quickly, very nice delivery guy, but SO so so spicy. I've never had palak paneer that burned my tongue! So I called the restaurant immediately, again they were very nice, but at first they weren't going to replace or refund the order despite me telling them that I couldn't even eat it! Eventually they agreed to send another delivery with more mild dishes, which I received again very promptly.... however again, it was sooo incredibly spicy. Let me quantify this by saying I like a little spice, I even order medium dishes at other Indian restaurants. But for some reason their "mild" here is like swallowing the sun doused in hot peppers. It's unfortunate, because in that second when the food hits my mouth before the spice creeps up, I can tell the flavors are delicious! And the portion sizes are generous! So I guess if you like spicy, definitely do give it a try! I'm sure you'll love it. But sadly for me this will be my last order.
