Food didn't arrive when we ordered it and the delivery guy didn't care. Food was only just warm and didn't taste authentic Indian at all. Very disappointing all round.
I have tried almost every casual indian restaurant in the city that has high ratings and this is by far the best. Amazing quality, low price, large portions, friendly atmosphere, and an unbelievable lunch special. Specifically the aloo tikki appetizer, vindaloo, and rice pudding are the best I've ever had. Absolutely go to this place and you won't regret it!
We ordered coconut shrimp, mango lassi, garlic naan, chicken tikka, & saag paneer. The coconut shrimp was completely over cooked and too chewy. Do not recommend, the saag paneer needed a bit more flavor, the chicken tikka and Naan was good. Mango lassi seemed like it had too much yogurt and not enough mango.
This is really good Indian food. Their vegetable dishes and dal are excellent.It has a nice atmosphere to eat in . The menu is quite extensive. I am in love with this restaurant!
Place was the best Indian on the UWS.  Went there with my Fiance and her friend.  The server was extremely attentive and helpful with recommendations.  You could also tell they actually cared.  I am not sure if it was a whole family who was working there, but they went the extra mile you do not see at a lot of places.  Most importantly thought, the food was very very good.  I got the chicken saag and we split Samosas (Which were crazy good).  We will definitely be back!
I like this place as much as an Indian can like it in New York City. It is not really the most authentic, but it is definitely not as bad as some of the other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood. I wish they could make the food spicy, yet balanced, when asked. We like to order from their platter deals and love the malai and tandoori chicken for appetizers! Malai kofta is a tad bit sweeter than it should be, but I can live with that. The chicken tikka and vindaloo chicken are also very good. We are not at all big fans of the small gulab jaamun they send as dessert, too dry and tastes like it came out of a tin box. But food is good enough that I  have ordered two times already in the past two weeks!
This place has a very "homelike" atmosphere! Interesting combination of modern and Indian art designs makes this restaurant very sheek. The staff are very helpful with their suggestions especially if you are new to this cuisine. Food is beyond delicious and come in nice big servings, which is always a plus. We ordered their tanduri chicken, chicken tikka masala, chicken vildahoo, biryani, samosas, bhel puri, rice pudding, fig ice cream and some other vegetarian dishes. The prices were also affordable despite being located in the upper east side of the city. They bring your food quickly despite being a busy place and they also do deliveries around their area. Great place to check out for family outings or dates!!!!!
We were nearby Natural History Meusum and wanted to have light snacks and masala chai Indian style.We loved the food( Ragada Chat) and the masala chai.The pic I attached is real white rose on each table which brings good ambiance to the place.
This restaurant is really great visit for Indian food. First impression the tables and decorations are really classy. The menu is nicely separated from vegetarian and non-vegetarian plates also it's all you can eat. It also comes with a nice rice pudding dessert after. Tina was are server/host and she was so sweet and accommodating. Also food is great, warning chicken vindaloo really spicy but in a good way. I'll definitely will be coming back!
My absolute favorite uws Indian restaurant. The flavors are great and the service very accommodating. Really love it. Uws needed a great Indian restaurant like this.
Friendly service. Reasonably priced food. Quality was excellent. Naan was soft and curries were not too spicy. Clean small restaurant, just walkable distance from Central Park.
Excellent Indian food. They have a great lunch special. The service is friendly and accommodating. I also like their outdoor seating.
I went with one of my Indian friend in this place. They have good service, friendly workers and good food. Will surely recommend and visit again. You must try the appetizer
The chicken kebab is so perfectly cooked.... I would recommend everyone trying kebabs at Indian restaurants instead the unhealthy ones from the carts.Service could be much faster.
Looks like they changed their name recently to Ashoka.  The food is still absolutely fantastic and it's a gem in Upper West Side!  We ordered mango lassi, samosas, chicken tikka masala, chicken korma and a side of garlic naan.  Everything was absolutely fantastic and we had no complaints.  If you're a pig like me and inhale rice like no other then you can request additional rice at no charge assuming you ordered an entree!I went into a slight food coma so it must have been worth it.  If you're in UWS definitely stop on in here for the Indian food!Plus you get 20% discount on your bill if you check in the first time using Yelp!
Wonderful place. Try the Chana, really good.I came here with a friend (who's Punjabi too). This is probably one of the best places near the AMNH. Highly recommend the Laccha paratha
Not the best place for Indian, the vegetarian was bland. The lobster masala wasn't cleaned well. While eating I had sand in my mouth. Americans would probably like this. If you want real Indian then I would advise another place. The wait times are really long for food. Waited about an hour, your better off somewhere else
Food was excellent. We had chicken Tariwala for appetizer, which was good. We had goat rogan gosh and okra masala. Both were very good.Only downside is the small quantity.
The food here is great! Tons of vegetarian options. The samosas are amazing. Service here is even better. Staff was quick, patient, and helpful. I was surprised they weren't packed on a warm Saturday evening. Will definitely be a top choice when dining near Central Park.
Went for lunch, the food was great. Ate Malai Kofta, bhel puri, Samosa and aloo tiki. Malai Kofta was really good, and also Aloo Tiki. Must Visit on trip to NYC.
The fish curry was delicious! Flaky, not dried, and the right amount. Service was wonderful, too!
Hands down the best India food I've ever had. The chicken tikka masala was delicious and the customer service was amazing!
let me just say that this place has the best food in town!!! I love Indian food and this place has amazing seasonings. true love in the making.
Such an amazing food for everyone! The service was great with a smile... recommending!
Great place, great location, cute dinner spot. Nice owner. Had the avial and shrimp curry - both were delicious.
The food was delicious and the service was great! I would definitely recommend this place for a first time Indian food goer such as myself. Try it. Great sauces and the Tandoori Chicken was cooked to perfection!
Thanks ashoka staff to make our evening very special ..awesome service n food too . The lobster curry n shami kabab was mouth watery  thanks again ..
We arrived for Sunday lunch looking for a nice place to sit outside.  After passing by more than a dozen restaurants, my group of friends settled on this spot.  Absolutely delicious.  Huge portions and great lunch special of an appetizer and entree.  The lamb was divine and the service was very attentive and friendly.
Love this place. Owner is extremely nice. Food and environment is great.Loved the chicken masala and lobster masala
Fantastic! I ordered a lemongrass soup and the chicken vindaloo, both of which were excellent. The naan was good as well. Someone else ordered the paneer tikka masala, which was also great. Prices were reasonable too. Only downside was that the service was a little slow, but they were very friendly and the food was well worth the wait. Highly recommend.
Best Indian on the UWS and now one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood. The eggplant dish is one of the best vegetarian Indian dishes I've ever had. The chicken korma was also great. And can't go wrong with garlic naan! The owner and staff are very friendly and welcoming and it seems like a family-run place.
Great lunch. We got the thali special. Price was great and food was too. Definitely get the butter chicken! It was unbelievable. And I got the chefs cilantro chicken which was also great. Very unassuming looking restaurant from the outside but I'm happy we chose it over the other flashier places around. Service was great too. BYOB.
Decent food, good ambience but relatively slow service.Loved the Anjeer aur Kele ke kabab, unique and awesome item on the menu.
The menu was a lot better than the food. Food was average, price on the high side and the service was very slow. Our waiter had bad BO, several at the table noticed. Not worth the $.
This place is my go to whenever I am craving Indian. The Coconut Shrimp is amazing and the customer service is one of the best that I have ever experienced. Overall awesome!!
I live in the neighborhood and am a huge Indian food fan. I'm also fairly discriminating. So it is with great pleasure that I can report that Ashoka is quite good and has become a regular haunt for me. I've been about 20 times and have yet to be disappointed. Bravo!
The most disappointing dining experience I've had in a long time.  The staff was solicitous, but our waiter didn't understand the menu.  We didn't realize the place had changed management or we probably would have taken a closer look at the menu that didn't offer mixed appetizers.  The scant menu is not what one is used to seeing in NYC Indian restaurants.  Overpriced too!   We ordered after a painful back and forth of questions and confusing answers.  It took ages for the cold samosas to be served.  Then we waited and waited and waited for our main courses that all tasted the same.  We asked for a side of lentils that we cancelled because we finished our meal and it hadn't been served.    The waiter said the service was slow because the kitchen was busy with orders to go!    We were four adults and a 4 year old.  They included a 17% tip in the bill because we were a party of five.  Given the little one only ate a few spoonfuls of rice we felt that was rather tacky.  Anyway, we were disappointed and certainly won't return.
Way above avg Indian food. Best on the UWS by far. Had the chicken tikka, naan, special rice. Quality was excellent. Service was very friendly and attentive. Everything is very reasonably priced. Great value.
Great place to eat! Excellent flavours, proud owner en good service all for a good price!
This was my first experience at an Indian restaurant and I have to say it was amazing. The food was delicious and the service was good. The ambience was very relaxing and intimate. I definitely will be back again!
We did takeout which started out with frustration because a 45 minute promise became an hour and 25 minute reality.  And, they forgot the Naan.But the food was up with the top of the many Indian restaurants that we have been to over the years.We had Zafrani Gosht, Eggplant Bharta, Bhindi do Piaza, Kadai Paneer and a few other things that we were saving for another meal.  All were excellent and the portions were generous.As to the level of heat, I felt that the dishes could have had a little more, but I think the order taker under did ours because I told him that I did not want the Vindaloo as hot as it usually is.
This was our first time here after the latest management change. We were pleasantly surprised by how good all the dishes were, it seems the quality has improved since the change. We ordered yellow dal, shrimp curry and sautéed okra. The dal is always a dependable dish, but the shrimp curry was the real surprise- shrimp was fresh and succulent and the sauce was perfectly spiced. Okra was also excellent, really well flavored for a vegetarian dish. We asked for the nan to be crispy and they came out perfectly crisped. The service was great and the manager Kumar was friendly and attentive. We will definitely be back, this ones a keeper.
This was a horrible experience. We wanted to try a new restaurant in our neighborhood so we ordered froom Ashoka. The delivery time was about 45 minutes-1 hour. After 1 hour, 15 minutes, we called the restaurant and they said the order was on the way (even though it was not). 30 minutes later, we called again since we still had not received our food. We ended up getting our food over 2 hours later! If I would have known it would take so long to deliver food 4 blocks from my apartment, I would have gone somewhere else. Food was fine, but nothing to rave about. They ended up giving us 10% off after I called seamless to complain. I would never order from this place again. There are far better restaurants on the UWS that are honest, delicious and deliver in a timely manner.
Wonderful The tandoori mushrooms are a must buy, a great combination of spice and moistness. Radha chaat  was a flavorful beginning to the meal and combined with the mushrooms a winner. Rogan Josh was good and the chicken saag fantastic. Go and enjoy. Found myself missing India while dining here.
I ate here tonight fot the first time with my wife and nephew. We liked it very much. We had the lamb shank, okra, eggplant and chicken tikka masala with roti and nan. As we were unfamiliar with the heat level we decided to order it as it came but they will adjust heat to your taste. Food was extremely fresh and flavorful. My nephew is a 7 yr old and loved the chicken. The lamb shank was fall off the bone tender in a thick and flavorful gravy. Next time i'll know to ask for higher level of spiciness (heat). Both veggie dishes were tasty and fresh. We loved them. Nan was fine so was roti although im no fan of roti. Portions are generous, prices moderate, decor attractive and serviceattentive and professional. They are under new management as of January so give them a try.
If I could rate it higher I would, this place is amazing. The staff is very friendly and attentive and the food is well worth it! The manager, Jerry, even stopped by to make sure everything was going swell ( which it was) and to thank me for my patronage. I highly recommend this place. They made my first time trying Indian food a pleasure that I can't wait to repeat.
So! Amazing! My girlfriend and I were in a hurry, but when we walked by Ashoka's door and smelled the food, we knew we had to stop and buy some. In about fifteen minutes, we were on our way out the door with bhibdi with chana(okra and chick pea) and saag paneer(spinach and cheese). The okra was not what I was expecting-- I think the okra was blended, perhaps? It was still really tasty, though. The saag was reeally excellent. I'd highly recommend it. All the staff we came in contact with were very kind, too.
Loved this place! Came here with my parents, looking for good authentic Indian food. Gauri, the owner, was extremely friendly and offered to give us suggestions. He ended up designing a whole menu for us! We had a paneer appetizer, then a fish curry, bindhi, yellow daal, and mint parantha. Everything was delicious and perfectly spiced. They also had a nice selection of wines, with generous portions. The decor was contemporary with a lovely atmosphere. Will definitely come back! Highly recommended for good Indian food in the UWS.
Yummy! I have been looking for a good Indian place on the UWS where I live and had been really disappointed up until I tried this place. First, it's charming and beautiful inside. The food was tasty (mmmm Samosas) and the portions were generous. I couldn't even finish my mango lassi. I had a great time here with my date and will certainly be back.
One of the best Indian restaurants my husband and I have been to. Service was great and the food was outstanding. Highly recommend.
Wow. There are no words. Upon being approached by Tina, the hostess, followed by Kumar, a lovely waiter, we expressed our love for a few dishes, most of which we have previously enjoyed at other Indian restaurants. In the span of 5 minutes, we received a personally catered meal: tandoori salmon, crispy garlic naan (whole wheat upon request), tandoori mushroom (out of this world), shrimp curry (so aromatic, the coriander and the cumin flavoring ... divine!!!). Oh, and then we received complementary dessert, which was also divine. Sorry to say that we even forgot to photograph our meal as the aromatic spices took over our senses. We will be back here tomorrow, probably.
Excellent food and service. We are vegetarians so we eat plenty of Indian food.  This is the best on the strip of restaurants in the 80s.  The chat appetizer is just the right amount of spicey.  Okra was delicious with a light tomato base. I can't wait to try more.
Food was good, service was average, the managers  were good at attentiveness, but we always had to go out of our way to get our server's attention. It took us like 30 min just to get our check
Lovely people, excellent food! We thoroughly enjoyed our meal at Ashoka!  The food was delicious and the staff couldn't have been nicer!  The menu was full of choices without being overwhelming.  Will definitely go back.
Wonderful food, excellent service from such kind people, especially the owner, and a just dark enough atmosphere to give it an intimate feel. A winner!
We have only ordered in from this restaurant, but it is abnormal in our rotation of dinner deliveries. So far it's the best on our neighborhood. The chicken quality seems great and the flavors are awesome.
Great food, the kabobs are delicious. There's a large variety of food, some of which are also spicy. The prices are reasonable too. The portions are impressive. You won't be disappointed. The staff are very friendly.
This is a wonderful Indian restaurant!  The food is great and the service is excellent. Also it is a very nice atmosphere. I highly recommend!!!
really good neighborhood Indian spot.  we are vegetarian and there were plenty of options.  they had a well priced and tasty pinot group.  the best part was the service.  they are extremely friendly and eager to please.  we would return in the future
Food was ok . , nothing great . Panner makhani was good, food was ready withoutcmuch delay.
One of the best under-the-radar restaurants in the Upper West Side. The staff is always so warm, and the food has never once disappointed. If you're in the mood for Indian, this will hit the spot.
Just had a great dinner at this newish Indian restaurant in my neighborhood. The food was delicious, very flavorful, fresh spices, wonderful variety.  The service and staff were delightful. They also have a lunch special and some deals if you order in.  I will definitely go back!
Went tonight for the first time. The food was delicious -- very flavorful, "standard" and expected classic Indian dishes, but also numerous unusual ones. Everything we ordered was excellent. I especially loved the eggplant main course dish we tried, with a bit of ginger in it. Lamb Sag was also fabulous. The service was really graceful and friendly. I'll be going back, most definitely.
Excellent food and service! Highly recommend the garlic nan, lobster masala, samosas, mango lassi and the kofti (cheese dumplings in a sauce). So happy to have found this local gem!
Excellent and friendly service. And it was nice and quiet, perfect for conversation. The food was delicately seasoned and very flavorful.
Wow!  Extremely impressed with the food and the amazing service.  The manager, Kumal, did a great job.  Everyone working there was warm and attentive.  We tried a variety of things - the kebabs, an appetizer, two entrees - every single thing was excellent.
Really delicious.I find sometimes Indian food can be oily, but this wasn't at all. Nice deep complex flavor, the goat curry was very well cooked, the goat was nice and tender. The mango lassi had lots of mango and wasn't too sweet.
literally fab food! As a UK person living in NYC, I am always in search of a great curry. This is the best by far - fabulous food and service, so delicious!  And so slightly unusual but at the same time familiar.  Would highly recommend to anyone wanting a lovely great curry .
Came to Ashoka on Sunday not knowing what to expect.  First, the ambience was soothing with ethereal music playing in the background; also, the decor was artistic and pleasing to the eye.  Second, the service was attentive and polite.  Third, the chicken tikka masala, dum aloo and saag paneer were excellent.  We washed it down with mango lassi and a kingfisher.  Will come back!
Loved the food and service here.  We ate outside so can't really comment on inside except to say it is quite large and can accommodate large parties.
The BEST Indian in the Upper West Side with the loveliest helpful, accomodating staff. Truly a "breath of fresh air" in New York ! HiGHLY RECOMMENDED !
It doesn't get better than this. A family business with the owner and his daughter greeting you up front and excellent staff all the way back to the kitchen. I enjoyed a drink while waiting for my take out order and today had a fabulous lunch special. Honestly I would give this place more stars if they were available. Fresh, honest indian food. Go enjoy.
Good Indian Eats in Upper West Side. Nice cozy Indian restaurant with good selection of food. The samosas, ans chicken were nicely seasoned and great tasting. Outside seating is available and lassi is delicious as well. Highly recommend this place.
Very mixed feelings.  Went for a birthday dinner with two other people.  Place is beautiful inside, and the staff is very friendly, but as we were being seated, I was already noticing a very sweet, cloying, floral scent throughout the restaurant.  We were seated.  Two minutes in, one of my companions commented on the strong scent.  We discussed whether it was some cleaner, or disinfectant, or an overenthusiastic use of air freshener.  We looked around for floral incense.  By the time the water was brought, all three of us were already overwhelmed by this scent.  What one wants to smell in a restaurant is the food, and, not to get scientific on yelp, but the sense of smell is closely related to the sense of taste.  I don't want to be eating lasuni gobi and tasting some unidentifiable sweet chemical taste.  In addition, I am prone to migraines triggered by colognes, perfumes, stale air, etc. and I was already regretting the choice of restaurant.  My companion then apologetically asked if we could sit outside, as she didn't want to get sick from the overwhelmingly cloying air. There were only three outside tables, but we managed to get one.  Food was excellent.  We shared several appetizers and entrees and all loved the meal.  Service was slow, and the restaurant was not busy.  I would put the long waits down to the fact that the food is prepared fresh, and that takes longer, but even getting the check, and having the person pick up the credit card for payment, took a long time.  During a trip to the rest room, I guessed that the overwhelming scent might be from heavily scented candles throughout the restaurant.  I would love to return for the food, but this would only be possible if I could again secure one of the three outside tables.  What a shame.
Three of us went for dinner. The ambience was nice, upscale and clean. We had the special daal, chicken tika masala and chana. Dishes were nice, could have had a little more heat. Garlic naan didn't have much garlic. Overall a nice meal, unfortunately service was sub par.
Excellent Indian food!!!! Chicken tikka masala was de-licious!!!... as was the chicken Korma, and the vegetarian saag paneer!!!!!  Terrific Sauces!!!! We will definitely return!!!!
As we walked down Columbus Avenue, my friend and I decided to try Ashoka for dinner, and were immediately taken by the lovely hostess who greeted us as we entered. The restaurant is charming and peaceful, and everyone we encountered was polite and sweet. We only ordered a few dishes to share, yet ended the evening completely satiated by the variety of spices lingering in our mouths and the fullness of our bellies. We had no room for dessert, yet left with the desire for more! I loved the Shrimp Curry entree -- piping hot in both temperature and just-right spiciness. The Lamb Boti had a unique flavor from its marination in ginger, yogurt, and lemon. Ashoka has both vegetarian and non-vegetarian entrees for their guests. I wish I lived on the UWS, as this would certainly become one of my go-to restaurants -- both for the food and for the service. I hope this restaurant has a very long run!
Excellent Indian food. Prepared fresh (and you can tell!) delicious food from A to Z. Super friendly and professional service . It is calm so we actually enjoyed our time here. We ended up ordering appetizers, entrées and deserts! We highly recommend and we will be back.
