Absolutely delicious, clean and 100% fresh. I got the quinoa & avocado wrap with a side of Chana masala and it was soooo satisfying and flavorful! The place is clean with great customer service. Will definitely make this place a regular stop and can't wait to try more from the menu!
Great food and quick service. One issue with customer service. I was in line waiting to place an order and the guy at the counter asks if I'm with Postmates? I think maybe he's talking to someone behind me but he's literally asking me, dressed in a suit, if I'm part of a food delivery service. I kindly LOL and ask him if I look as if I should be delivering sandwiches, he laughs and goes, "sorry dude, I can give you complimentary hot sauce if you'd like." Mind you I'm a black 20 something year old so I kind of get it, but dude, honestly? I'm delivering Indian sandwiches in a business suit? I have an MBA and probably pay what he makes in one year on strip clubs and sneakers. I'll definitely come back because the food was great and there aren't many vegan options around, bud damn..
The place is great. Good take on Indian food which is not too greasy.. their Chana masala sandwich and bowl are quite good.
Midtown GEM!  The cafe takes such a creative approach to Indian food that anyone who enjoys healthy, flavorful food will love it!  You can tell how much thought the owners have put into each menu item. I had a lentil bowl that came with such a fun assortment of ingredients and each bite was packed with flavor! Could honestly eat it daily. They need to start bottling their hot sauce and apple pickle! I'm usually one to skip dessert, but I'm so glad I didn't.  Perfect sweet (but, not-too-sweet) bites to round off your meal.The place itself is a lovely, spacious oasis.   It's a small miracle to get lunch in midtown that leaves you satisfied and excited to go back.  Do yourself a favor and go check it out asap!
So thrilled that Bombay Sandwich Co just opened a second location. My coworkers and I have been longing for more healthy lunch options and the first cafe was a little bit outside our normal lunch radius. The same great menu is available here but the cafe itself gets the welcome additions of table seating and some space to spread out. My personal fave remains the Chana Masala bowl with their homemade hot sauce, and the iced cardamom coffee is super-refreshing....just in time for summer! Will def be adding this to our regular rotation!
They have good vegan and vegetarian kosher options. Be careful as not every item is kosher certified. Prices are also good.
Love love love this restaurant! Great new location closer to my mid town office, and always a great lunch spot! Never have to wait too long, and the food is healthy, fresh and so full of flavor! Love the homemade hot sauce! Great folks working and always a chill environment, and tunes playing even during a lunch rush. Definitely stop in and try it out!
My friends always say that I fall backwards into good fortune and good Karma. A few days ago I was seeking a break from the everyday blah of food selections during my lunch break in the 7th Ave/34th street section of Manhattan,and here I go again,falling into good fortune when I found Bombay Sandwich Co. on 35th st! I had given up on variety looking for vegetarian foods,until the Sandwich Gods and Buddhas led me to Bombay Sandwich Co.'s Garden Sandwich,I'm sure that the Buddha made it with his own hands,it was a galactic,cosmic explosion of Karmic yumminess with every bite. Today I met the owner Shiv,and a great guy named Mike. Not only was the food incredible but they make you feel like family..do yourself a favor and go there..you won't be sorry,my motto is "living foods for living bodies" and the food at Bombay Sandwich Co..are alive with flavor.
A must-try for vegan/vegetarians. My quinoa & avocado wrap was fantastic! Their unusually flavorful quinoa is citrusy and sweet. A perfect healthy lunch.
Pros: Channa Masala sandwich and chai were good. I'm Indian and I wish there was actually a Bombay sandwich on the menu.Cons: The cashier was a bit rude when I said I didn't want avocado and feta cheese. It's not the extra charge that was a problem. I just don't think it would have tasted good on the sandwich. Then he said "we have hot sauce THAT's free!" I really didn't care for the attitude.
Awesome. Fresh food - especially the chana (chickpea) bowl. And if you're into spicy, their spicy sauce is deliciously hot too.
I ordered the 5 Items Platter and it's so delicious, it's worth every cent. My five choices were Chana Masala, Sweet Potato Salad, Organic Quinoa Salad, Kale & Hearty Salad, and French Lentils with extra Yogurt and Avocado (extra $1.01 each). I mixed everything in the large cardboard (to-go) bowl along with their house hot sauce and the wonderful blend of flavors (spicy and sweet) brings home everything I love about Indian food, but healthier (which makes this even better). I also tried the Coconut Ladoo (which was not sweet, but showcased the natural flavors of its ingredients, particularly the shaved coconut) and the Vegan Mango Lassi (which is not your typical thick yogurt Mango Lassi, but made with Almond milk and Lemon-altogether healthier and lighter options than regular Indian fare). I will be back!!!
Absolutely the best on-the-go healthy Indian cuisine ANYWHERE. Delicious, wholesome, organic, and reasonably-priced, the menu can be tailored to suite any number of diets and food sensitivities. I am gluten-free and this place is always my go-to when I am in midtown. A great spot for vegetarians or just people who love good food. The new location is such a great addition!!
Took my meat eating friends here and they loved it! Really delicious flavors and great level of spice.
If you liked the cafe on 27th Street, this new cafe on 35th is going to blow your mind! Larger with expanded seating but the same great menu. If you like spicy, make sure to try the homemade hot sauce... and order the mango lemonade to cool your jets. The organic tofu masala sandwich is an excellent lunch option and the chana masala bowl is great for a heartier meal.
I had the turmeric tofu sandwich and it was so divine that I immediately felt the need to tell everyone I know in the area to try this place out! I look forward to going back soon and trying everything else on the menu. And as a person who spent some time in India and loves Indian food but doesn't like cilantro, I was especially pleased that my sandwich was cilantro-free!
This place is different from any other Indian restaurant. I love everything I've had on the menu so far. Last visit (I live in LA), I ordered the combination bowl so I could introduce a friend to as many tastes as possible. The sweet potato salad and veggie mashup stand out. If you eat dairy, I love the Honey-Fennel Grilled Cheese and the Fresh Mozzarella & Apple sandwiches. The chai is classic, nothing like the overly sweet, coffee chain versions. It feels like Bombay Sandwich Co takes traditional spices of Bombay cuisine to create fresh, healthy delicious dishes. Prices are very fair and portions perfect. The chutneys are homemade and so good. I hope they open in Los Angeles one of these days.
My favorite Indian food in Manhattan just opened up a location 3 blocks from where I work. Best part about Bombay Sandwich Company is that their food is not heavy with cream, oil and butter. Favorite items are the chana and lentil bowls. Would love to see the yellow daal bowls on the menu every day. Also agree, the hot sauce is awesome!
This place is awesome. The bowls are delicious!  Spicy but not too spicy.  I had to google it afterwards since it is so unusual to have something so good in this area, and saw it is the second location, which makes sense. It is between 7th and 8th. I have the Chana Masala Bowl add feta cheese, and it is one of the best things I've ever had.
