We were visiting NYC after 15+ years and were invited to dinner by our best friends at Spice Symphony.  What an experience.  Every item we ordered was amazing starting from the lollipop chicken, Chinese bhel, to the mushrooms and chicken makhani.  Our entrees were fantastic and so were the delicate desserts (kulfi and ras malai).Service was impeccable and goes above and beyond.  Attention to details, clearing of the table, replacing silverware are just a few things that speaks volume when it comes to service.  Give this place a try and i am certain it will be a great experience.
My family is vegetarian and some of us are vegan. Spice Symphony has delicious options for all. The service is outstanding. It can be quiet or loud depending on the time of day and numbers of patrons. I highly recommend giving it a try if you can get a table...you will enjoy it.
Had a great dinner at Spice Symphony!!We celebrated my father in law s birthday there..they were wonderful! The service was great ( special thanks to Aldy who went out of his way to make us welcome) and the food was delicious. We ate the chicken lollipops, the spicy chilli garlic lamb and the pepper prawns which were all fantastic. My husband ate the American chopsuey which was great too.For anyone with a hankering for Indian Chinese, this is the place to go! Will be coming back often!
Fantastic food!.. ordered a little bit of everything ... food better then many of the other Indian restaurants I been too!.. Staff was super friendly!.. even the owner came out to ask how our experience was!!. Special shout out to Cletus for his UHH-MAZING service and attention to detail!...This is a must place to visit!...
I ordered food from them through mealpal.  The food is delicious and the portion is big.  Some mealpal places give you reduced size meal, not here.  The order is always ready for pickup when I arrive (some locations prepare your meal when you get there).
Best service of New York City hands down. Amazingly friendly staff who are willing to adjust a menu item to an add on item because we wanted to try it.Their menu is expansive. Lots of great options. I highly recommend the Lamb Shank when they have it available.Their naan bread is shareable for 2 people, tastes amazing with their paneer.
Like the food very much. My wife got the avocado chicken brochette I got the Vindaloo chicken ( a bit spicy so be aware if your not used to Vindaloo )Great service, very attentive. Nice place also!
"Worth a try but not a repeat"Would give 3.5 if possible. Happened by on my way to Indian dinner around 29th street. The blown up newspaper article in the window caught my attention. I always love to try something new! The menu was a little confusing for me (run of the mill white American enjoyer of food). My Pakistani friend had no trouble understanding the menu. There is a large selection of all Indian fare and a separate section of "Indian Chinese" fusion dishes. Overall it was fun to try but I won't go back. What I like about Chinese leans more toward texture than flavor. What I like about Indian is the flavor more than texture. This fusion restaurant combines the texture of Indian food with the flavor of Chinese. Appetizer: Chinese Bhel - it was fun to try - i have never had the traditional dish though. It was good but tasted a bit like ketchup. Spicy Paneer - paneer with mild onions and green pepper pieces covered in red spices. Also totally edible Entree: Vegetable manchuran- it looked like meatballs in brown sauce. Flavor was fine. Sechuan paneer - very spicy - prefer tofu over the paneer in the Chinese flavored dishSide:Onion kulcha-- STAR of the meal! Very good!
Really enjoyed my experience at Spice Symphony!  Aldi the waiter was awesome!  Although I had my mind set on Chicken Tikka Masala, he gave me some great recommendations for the next visit and served some fresh and warm onion kulcha. On my way to the airport and guaranteed that I'll be taking a nap after a wonderful meal!
This was a great lunchtime experience. I basically walked round the corner from my hotel thinking I wanted Indian for lunch and there it was.... Spice Symphony. The Rogan Josh (Lamb) was to die for. It was perfectly spiced with a fantastically balanced garam masala and heat. My host was Aldi, who was excellent and attentive ... overall a great experience.Maybe back for dinner tonight....
Excellent food. Great and speedy service. Very good recommendations from Aldi. Would visit again. Definitely recommend coming here.
EXCELLENT!!!We couldn't be happier with the new location-the second restaurant-of Spice Symphony!!5* for the service (Aldi was our waiter and Dave made sure we found everything alright for our first time dinner there)5* for the food preparation and presentation 5* ambiance  and cleanness of the place. We had Shrimp Piri Piri,Tandoori Lamb Chicken tikka Masala,everything was stellar!
Very yummy and conveniently located between Lexington and 3rd Ave. I got a vegetarian lunch special with aloo gobi and it was the perfect amount of food. I got medium spicy and it was also perfect, and I like my Indian food actually hot.  I'll definitely be back!
Great blend of Indian and Chinese food. Fast, courteous service with a hip vibe. Recommend if in the mood for either Indian or Chinese food, or maybe a little of both!
This is the real deal.  Authentic, freshly made delicious Indian food.  Not too expensive either.  Can't wait to go back!
This was my first time at this restaurant, and it was awesome. Aldi took great care of us! The starters were delicious and the wait staff were very accommodating. They were very welcoming and all smiles and very friendly. I would definitely recommend this and am looking forward to my next visit. PS - Get the pineapple mojito (non virgin) - it's delicious!
The worst place to go for a takeout or dine in. Food never arrives on time. I tried this place via meal-pal and  was supposed to pick up my lunch at 12:00 pm and they kept me waiting till at least 12:20. And all that after preselecting the time slot a day before. Food is average, not worth the wait definitely.  I won't recommend to go here
Great Indian food and great service. I am staying at the hotel across the street. I'm glad that I found this place.
Went back yesterday and had both the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Tellicherri Pepper Chicken... Tikka Masala still amazing and the Tellicherri Pepper Chicken was just as great. Looking forward to becoming a regular here
Wondering..... what went wrong??? Is this the same place i visited last month? There indo chinese food is not as flavourful as it use to be. Did they changed there chef or somthing  wrong with this place.. one of my fav dish was paneer chilly dry. But todays experience was dreadful. The paneer was not crispy and the sauce was too salty i didn't  get the same flavour i use to get earler. And there coriander  soup was disaster it was too spicy
We really enjoyed dining at Spice Symphony!Food was extraordinarily,baby lamb chops are divine and service by Aldi was implacable!We are coming back with our friends and family as well !Thank you chef,Prem and your wonderful team !!!
Food was mediocre at best for the price. The service was poor. Three/Four different people came to ask us for drinks and caused confusion and drinks took forever to come out! Once they finally got their act together one gentleman was just rude and the other smelled so bad I had to hold my breath when he was near us (I'm talking hasn't showered in a week musty smell).Overall not a great experience and wouldn't recommend dining in.
My husband and I really enjoyed our meal on a recent trip to New York. Our server made wonderful recommendations for food pairings! The restaurant seemed busy but we were quickly seated and waited on.
I am a regular at Spice Symphony Lexington location, so I thought of trying their new location. This one is more upscale but lacks in food-taste and service. It has more class and better furniture though. First, I asked for a WiFi. I could see strong connection listed under the restaurant's name, including one which said Spice Symphony Guest, but instead of offering their own WiFi to their guests, they volunteered information for connecting me to a hotel in the building. They provided me with a fictitious room number of San Carlos Hotel. This tells you a lot about the mentally of people running this restaurant. I ordered Chicken Thali, and it took a while for me to convince the waiter to substitute Roti instead of Naan. He kept on insisting that since it is plated, so they can't make changes. I asked curry to be spiced up. The waiter nodded but it seems that it meant negative.Now for the meal itself:I ordered $15 Chicken Thali, which had decent amount of food and good variety, so I'd consider it good value for a restaurant off 5th avenue.I started with Samosa and found it was directly from the fridge, cold like a cadaver. They probably forgot to warm it up. I tried calling the waiter but could not get his attention in a short span of time so I decided to move on to the main course.The main curry dish lacked in taste. I had to ask for green chillies which also came uncut, so I had to cut and crush them first before I mix it in and can start my meal. Then I found the chicken pieces were not clean, laden with skin. I had to remove the skin first and then hid the unsightly skin somewhere on my plate. This unpleasant task killed whatever appetite was left in me.On a slightly positive note, the Vegetable items were decent and dessert was high quality but overall a very forgettable experience.
Excellent restaurant if you love Desi/Indo Chinese food. The service was great and the decor is very inviting as well. For those of you that remember "Chinese Mirch" I would say that you will certainly enjoy Spice Symphony. Recommend dishes are Chicken Lollypop and Chilli Lamb( get it dry to get the perfect amount of crunch). 5 stars and looking forward to going there again
Delicious flavors and beautiful presentation! We ordered mostly vegetarian dishes and a few chicken. The Coriander soup was so amazing, we ordered two more to go! The Dal Makhani was fantastic (I tend to be picky about this dish and loved it). Roasted cauliflower soup was also amazing and the Tandoori chicken wings were also great!I can't wait to go back and eat here again!
Great food. Slightly pricey but worth a splurge once awhile. Indo-Chinese here is my favorite.
Mmmmh...I recently chatted with one of the nicest dudes that works here --they're all really nice but I said, "hey--you guys gotta just talk about your indian food (and maybe the indo-chinese which I have not yet had). Take all that "American" stuff off your menu and website -- no one is going here for "American" food."  They're so hospitable though and since they're in a hotel, they just want to serve every creed and culture.  Anywho, this place is delicious.  Going along with my rating system for Indian food which I just by how fresh and good their chuneys are--YUM--this place is top notch.Don't miss out.
Amazing food ! Best indo chinese outside india and in new york city ! Cheers to Aldi for providing great service.. every time i have been here, never been disappointed! Great ambience, perfect for couples.. we come here on our every trip to NYC !! Definitely recommend it as a must visit ! Great wine selection!
If anyone was ever hunting American chopsuey in America... this is the place to go....
Food is amazing and the service is fantastic. The owner works the bar and is just great at what he does. We're Indian food novices and they made it super easy and gave us great ordering advice and even sent us some apps and dessert on the house because the owner just wanted us to have a great experience. We sat at the bar for a while and talked with him about his business, the city, and his family. And ours as well. Great wine and some interesting beers as well.
Nice and clean.  Bartender was superb.  Very good beer selection which is so unusual and refreshing for a NYC bar.  Why only a 3 star?  Tiki  masala was not bad but worst I have ever had.  Had bones in chicken and served barely warm. Place was otherwise so refreshing willing to give another try sometime .  Food like this has to be served piping hot.
The staff were incredibly friendly and the ambiance is surprisingly modern - don't let the entrance from the street deter you. We loved the tiki masala and lollipop chicken. The garlic naan was also fantastic! Hidden gem.
I heard this is the next generation of Mint. I loved Mint. Spice Symphony is just OK. I had an assortment of Indian dishes and nothing stood out. The decor is modern and the service good. The menu is a mix of Indian and Chinese food. Odd. I would have gone back to try any fusion dishes had the Indian been more delicious.
Being an Indian, I would NOT recommend this place. Save your damn money and go to a better one. I mentioned them that I'm here just to take out Indo-Chinese. They said it's pure West Indian style. Me-I'm glad. I also told them to make sure that the Manchurian is WELL DONE and fully cooked. I reached my hotel, excited and pumped to have it. All I see is 6 pieces of veg Manchurian in 16$ OKAY.. but Uncooked? Tasteless! Took out a Daal Makhni too, well they better learn from someone to make it. RIDICULOUS. Ate nothing, going to a better place.
Something for everyone.....Indian, Chinese, vegan and vegetarian options, wine, amazing service and food. Can't say enough about this place, it stands out above the crowd.
the food is okish.but service is a big let down. came here for an team lunch at around 12:15 and have to wait for more than an hour to get our order. Moreover the server was unprofessional at times. I usually don't post negative Review, but looks like this place needs some real rework
Nice. Ambiance. Courteous staff. Has reasonably priced lunch special. I had the Indian lunch Thali and the food was good. Nice presentation.
Excellent food all around. Enjoyed a little bit of everything from the Indian to Chinese dishes. Everything was prepared very well and full of flavor.
Sat at our table for 50 minutes waiting for food. One of our party missed their meeting because of the delay. This is honestly unacceptable. People were nice but the service overall was terrible.
We wanted a quick bite to eat and found this place right around the corner of our hotel. We ordered the chicken malai kabab, samosas, and tandoori chicken. The chicken malai kabab was delicious! The chicken was juicy and addicting and you can taste the yogurt in the dish. My sister enjoyed her samosas as well. The tandoori chicken was underwhelming though. The chicken pieces were really small and the sauce that accompanied it wasn't memorable, but we weren't looking for a big meal so it did the job.
Fantastic new place adjoining the San Carlos hotel. Food was incredible. Had the chicken kathi roll which was perfect and thought it would be fun to order chips and salsa - the salsa and guacamole sides were prepared to order! They also provide room service to the hotel. Great experience, friendly staff - check it out right away!
Excellent lunch! Food was good but I specially liked their dessert, and our server, Aldi, made it a unique lunch experience for us. Keep it up Guys!
Had an amazing dinner here. The flavor that bursts from the food here is beyond extraordinary. The lamb shank was to die for. Amazing wine selection. Myself and my guests were so impressed with our dinner, we came back the next morning for breakfast. True story. Again, I was really pleased with my breakfast. I really thoroughly enjoyed their other location as well.. Now my biggest problem is deciding on which Spice to go to now. But that's a great problem to have.
Great spot--so happy we found this place. Good is excellent and service from Aldi was on point.
The food is divine and the staff treats you like gold. Vegan entrees on the menu!They were very accommodating to our time concerns before a B'way show.Will go back a.s.a.p.!
Good food, great prices! I use them on MealPal and am always happy with the portion size. I haven't found that good of a deal anywhere else.
So excited to have the second Spice Symphony location near my office! Very tasty and reasonable Indian and Indian + Chinese fair. I particularly appreciate the experience provided by Ninad, who helped with my libation choices, including introducing me to SS's house cucumber vodka. Don't hesitate to ask questions about the menu or request non menu combinations. In my experience SS is very open to custom dishes. Enjoy!
This became our home away from home on our visit to NYC. Food is simply delicious, right from A to Z. A special shout to their super friendly staff Aldi who  made sure everything was perfect. A must visit to all Indian cuisine lovers.
Great spot that's easy to miss.  Low key entrance on 50th St, but once inside the decor is clean and the staff is incredibly friendly.  Service is top notch, especially by Aldi.  Thali Special is an amazing lunch deal and I also love the lamb vindaloo (extra spicy).  This has become a once per month lunch visit and is definitely worth a try.
Went here with a few colleagues from work and no one had a complaint at all. Everyone enjoyed the food. We tried the vegetarian and chicken thalis, lamb roganjosh , Chinese bhel and lamb chops. Chinese bhel was so reminiscent of typical Indian Chinese flavors. The lamb chops so tender. Thanks to Aldi who suggested we should try them. The best part of the lunch though was the lamb and naan. Absolute soul food at its best ! Definitely coming back to try more dishes.
We came here last night for the first time with a group of 5. Each person from our table took turns to get up for everything including, water, to order, to ask for the check, etc. Not ONCE did a waiter come over to check on us. We told the guy who seemed to be the owner, as he came to finish payment at our table, and he literally was full of excuses, not at all apologetic. We were left with  "I'll take care of you next time"....yea- none of us plan to return. Ridiculous, learn how to respect your guests, perhaps when they are seated and CURRENTLY dining.Avoid.
So glad I chose this place for dinner on my overnight work trip! The flavor is exceptional and service was just right. I had the tandoori mushrooms, chicken tikka masala and the garlic naan. It was close by my hotel which was an added plus. I'll be back next time I'm in New York!
Overall great service. Enjoyed the appetizer platters along with some tikka masala and naan. It was my friend's birthday and they even brought out a cake for her which was great!
Food was really good. I got the lamb vindaloo and it was SPICY!! Service is good. My table and two others did wait a while for them to give us our checks. Small space and every seat was filled the night I visited. I would recommend and visit again.
I'm surprised at the 4-star rating. This place has horrendous service and at best mediocre food. We sat at our table for 10mins without any menus. All the waiters were roaming mindlessly especially the manager. We had to ask for the menus. Then they forgot to give us the drinks menu and we had to ask for that too. We waited another 20mins for a waiter to come and take our order. On top of it, the manager, who took our order forgot about the drinks. We had to remind him and then he rushed to make them. I'm just baffled at the poor service this restaurant offers.  I'd recommend skip this restaurant completely and go to Drunken Munkey instead, which has incredible food and cocktails.
First Indian food experience in NY & wow what an amazing time! We were greeted with smiling faces & were sat immediately. The staff was very polite & informative! If you want a beer I suggest the 1947, it's an Indian lager that went very well with our meal. The Chinese fusion was delectable, General Tso's chicken with Indian spices?? YES! This is family style so order multiple things & share with your mates. Ordering one item & sharing is a suggestion, for we still had leftovers with ordering one item a person. Best Indian I've had. A must go!
Amazingly good hakka noodles, ask for desi level spice and I promise you, you will not be disappointed. The chef Shiven did a great job on my order and I'm definitely going back!
This is a special spot! We like vegetarian so we started with homemade cheese in an incredible spice marinade.  We then had bindi maselewali, a great okra dish.  I don't know all the Indian names, but the service was excellent, the atmosphere very quiet, contemporary and inviting.  It was some of the best Indian food we've had, and we've been to many Indian restaurants.  The cordial staff made us feel like we were being invited into their homes.  Highly recommended!
For sure to visit this place again.. Superb food and superbly handled by the staff. Staff is also so professional and warm welcoming when you enter this place.. So nice and looking forward to see Mr Joshua  again a professional server. Thanks for the service..
The food is incredible, the staff provides the best service in NYC, the prices are great, the owner does his very best to make you feel like home; in all aspects, no one does it like Spice Symphony!
Great vegetarian fare in a lovely place.  Try the mushroom appetizer.  I saw the review that complained about the wifi -- this is not a wifi kind of place.  Great cocktails.
Delicious Indian food and excellent service! The ambience is nice and the place is spacious. We had a wonderful time at this restaurant. Thank you!
Nice setting, cozy atmosphere. Good place to take friends to. Started with chicken lollipop, delhi chaat, and samosas. Chicken lollipop were on the smaller/dryer side, but the other two apps were good. As entrees, we ordered chicken biryani, lamb rogan gosh, chicken tikka masala, and chili lamb. They were all very good. Ended with mango and malai kulfi, and ras malai, all of which were excellent. Would go back.
Delicious Indian lunch! I requested the Chef's Special with chicken.  Was more than I could eat, very flavorful and great variety with different small offerings.  Cletus was my server and answered all my questions, even allowing me to review the breakfast, brunch and dinner menus so I could check out what dishes were offered at different times of day.  Am already planning my next visit!
Lovely South Asian food and friendly professional service. I went with 2 other colleagues on a recent trip to New York. I really enjoy Indian food but can never remember what to order. Fortunately one of my friends grew up in India and so we just turned ordering over to him. We had a variety of dishes and all of them were as good as I have had back in Vancouver, which has many South Asian restaurants and a large South Asian population. A pleasant surprise was the avocado and chicken kebabs. the Lamb rogenjosh was a delicious highlight for me. they have a pretty good wine list and lots of very reasonably priced wines. The bill was less than half of the previous night's at a mid-town steakhouse, so very good value. A professional decor, which wasn't particularly South Asian and clean restrooms. A shout out to our server Aldi, nice job!
This was our first visit to spice symphony.  Our waiter Aldi was fantastic.  He recommended the house specialties for our appetizers and our selection of 3 currys. We ordered pepper chicken, lamb roganjosh and chicken tikka masala.  All were fantastic.  The naan bread and popadons were fantastic.  The ladies in the group ordered the tequila kkojura syrup and they loved it.  Service was fantastic and this dinner started our 4 day NYC visit on the right track.  If you love Indian curry you will love the food here.
Food was just ok. Nothing to write home about. Tried it once don't think will be going back.  We asked them to make it spicy which was not Indian spicy by any means.
The only reason why this didn't get a 5 star was the quality of the chicken tikka masala. The taste was good but the chicken was tough. Not as tender as the chicken kebabs with avocado. The food overall was good and I would suggest getting there early. We went on a Friday night around 6pm and just missed the rush into this restaurant. The service was good and quick. The samosas could have been better. It felt like they had been microwaved before serving. The mixed veggie korma was fantastic as was the curried cauliflower soup. I would recommend.
SO good! I had the chicken tikka masala and it was amazing. I am not someone who eats Indian food very often, but my husband is and he loved everything, too.  Good service, good cocktails. Pretty nice but not real fancy. I'm glad we tried this place out!
This place is delicious. Ask for recommendations from the servers - they suggested such yummy dishes. Ninad and Aldi were wonderful! Thanks!
I ate here with a friend last week and we tried the lunch menu. The price was reasonable with the portion that's not too little. I liked the place too, it's not too crowded so its a great place to catch up with friends. Will definitely come back next time!
Amazing waiting staff, as has been noted in most of the reviews. They are incredibly conscientious and understanding of all diets or preferences. I highly recommend the indo Chinese fusion dishes!
This restaurant has fresh, delicious food and the appearance of the dishes will have your mouth watering at the sight of it. All the food is reasonably priced for the amount of food you get. The place is clean and has a great atmosphere, all the waiters and waitresses are friendly and cater to you as much as they can. Visiting this place will be worth your time.
We landed in NYC late on a rainy Saturday night and faced the inevitable challenge of securing a dinner reservation.  We called SS and were told that they were booked through 11 PM or so, but if we arrive in the next 20-25 min they would be able to seat us.  We grabbed a couple of hotel umbrellas and high-tailed it over there.  We were greeted warmly, seated quickly, and with attentive, consistent service we were served a delightful dinner.  I loved the veggie corn soup, and my hubby enjoyed the (very) hot and (very) sour hot and sour soup.  Tandoori chicken was just OK, chicken biryani was delicious, desserts were good.  These guys are extremely friendly and courteous--and right up to the very end they were appreciative of our business and thanked us for coming in to eat.  I haven't experienced such excellent, sincere service in a very a long time.  When we return to NYC for another getaway we will return here--if for no other reason than to be served by true professionals who were happy to have us in their restaurant.
