The food is very tasty and the staff is extremely friendly. I suggest capping off your diner with a proper cup of chai.
Great food & service . The naan bread just isn't complimentary like other Indian restaurants but the food is sooo good. The ingredients taste just a fresh as they look
Awesome food!! Sweet staff and all around awesome place. Veggie samosas and curry were great. Vegan friendly :)
WORST SERVICE AND INDIAN FOOD IN THE AREA. DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE.The driver went to a totally different address and insisted that the problem was that I wasn't outside... 20 minutes later he finally showed up. Mind you, it's February. And he expected me to just wait outside. As he drove back to Brooklyn from QUEENS (for those of you unfamiliar with the geography of New York City, that is ANOTHER one of our fine boroughs. And most certainly not mine.) And then ROLLED HIS EYES AT ME for not having a pen to sign his little sheet of paper. ARE YOU KIDDING ME.But don't worry, that's just the beginning. The food is REVOLTING. Not mediocre. Not bad. REVOLTING. It was cold and soggy, but even if it had arrived on time, it still would have been flavorless and gross. The naan is somehow stale AND soggy. The mattar paneer is flavorless water with peas. And the soup was just warmed oil.So... I called in. He claims they got the order "30 minutes ago" from seamless, (Ok, so you cooked it and sent it to me in 10 minutes? Well, then that sounds gross too.) BUT as a compensation, he offered to give me 50% off my next order. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Once was torture enough.This is ridiculous and I'm getting Seamless involved.
Super good and reasonably priced -- at least the veggie dishes (which I got), the meat dishes were a little extra. The staff is super nice and accommodating.The ambiance is a little strange, I think there's chinese writing on the booth covering,  some mismatched wall artwork and some club lights flashing. Doesn't bother me at all, just saying. Will definitely be back.
This place is the best Indian food in Brooklyn. If you come here order the butter chicken tikka masala. Service is extraordinary. You won't regret it. My favorite spot, I come here regularly.
This is my second time here since Saturday 5/30/15. The first time I took my daughter, she loved it. She had the lamb tikka marsala, it was a bit spicy for her liking, they gladly took it back and made it less spicy for her. I had the lamb malai, and the garlic naan with an iced chai. My daughter had the mango lassi. Everything was delicious, the portion size was generous, the Nana was fluffy, and the service was great, didn't feel rushed while looking over the menu. The gentlemen the greeted and served us was friendly and welcoming. Defiantly recommend eating here.
One of the best Indian restaurants I have eaten at! If you like spicy food this is the place to go too! I order from this place every time I am in Brooklyn! And the service is exceptional! They cater to your taste! It's heaven!
Ordered on Grubhub and Delivery took an hour and a half :( New to the neighborhood so I am trying to find my fav indian spot ... I will definitely check out others. Food was just OK, a little bland and oily overall. I was also starving so if I had been less hungry it may not have even tasted as good! Samosas were just okay - nice outside texture but inside was bland. garlic naan was cold, and kind of hard dry. I thought the Chana saag was oily. Fail.
Excellent food. Friendly staff. Clean restaurant. That about sums it up. The food is consistently good, and delivery is always quick. It is a little expensive but it is worth it.
I ordered take-out and the guy who took my order and rang me up was polite and accommodating, even as I added an extra dish after finalizing my order. I feel the prices are fair for the amount of food. However, I thought the food was bland -- something I never thought I'd say about an Indian restaurant. I got two curries and they were not flavorful. The lamb was cooked perfectly though and the naan was good. The rice was undercooked and too starchy. I'll probably return and try different dishes.
I ordered the chicken samosas, chicken tika masala and crabmeat beryani. All 3 were absolutely delicious!  Best Indian food Ive tasted in a while. If you're in the area you should definitely give this restaurant a try.
The Best Rice Pudding that I ever Have... In one word it's Awesome..  (Thanks to That Person who Cooked this)
This is my 1st time eating Indian food and I must say what a great experience!!!  I ordered the daily special Chicken Tikka Masala came with an appetizer in which I chose lamb kabob. My husband had Chicken Vindaloo w/ chicken Tikka and my son had the Chicken Curry. Tasted a bit of everything (except the chicken Vindaloo, afraid it was too hot but hubby said it was delicious) and I was definitely satisfied. Good, creamy and totally on the money!! The Naan was good too. Will definitely order from here again!!
Placed another order for pick-up on Saturday. Ordered the daily special salmon curry with chicken tikka. Received a generous portion of salmon, super tender chicken tikka, rice, fresh fluffy naan, and a bunch of condiments for only $14! The waitstaff was also super friendly. They gave me and my partner some rice pudding while we waited. This is my go-to Indian restaurant in Bushwick!
We have been here twice now and both times have been pretty amazing. The food is extremely delicious and affordable. They seem to be more focussed on delivery and their interior is kind of bare bones, but don't let that fool you. The food makes more than up for it. They always have videos playing which can be distracting, but at the end of the day you get a lot for your money.
It was really tasty. Portions are sort of on the small side.Regardless, I will be ordering all my Indian food from here.
This place has been a really strong addition to the neighborhood dining options. It's easily the best Indian restaurant in Bushwick, and I'm trying to figure out where it slots in my top 5 overall. The owner Hassan recommended the lamb rogan josh, which is great, and I've gotten the chicken biryani and shrimp saag twice each. I usually eat in the restaurant so can't speak to the delivery situation but the service is fast.
Got my self the daily special for delivery, waited about 45min, but the food was still hot and fresh when I got it. The chicken tiki and lamb saag are both tasty and always a great choice to get!
Love this place!!! Good portion sizes, tastes great fast delivery. I got much more then expected. Veggie samosas are so good and very pleased with the Chana Saag. Will for sure order again
The food was terrible and it took an hour and 1/2 to get delivered. DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PLACE
Super quick delivery! Great portion sizes. And the price is very reasonable. The Chicken Tikka Masala was rich and the chicken was super moist. I also really enjoyed the chicken samosa...I usually find them to be dry and lacking in flavor but this one was succulent and full of flavor and spice. I'll be ordering from here again.
The curry was soupy, if not watery and was lacking flavor as a result.  The grilled vegetable appetizer was actually overly steamed vegetables. I know some restaurants par cook veggies by streaming them and then throw them on the grill, but this wasn't the case. They were just plain old steamed vegetables sitting in a rather oily sauce. Very strange.  Lastly, the tandoori chicken was decidedly non-tandoori.  It's technically impossible to approximate the flavor and texture that tandoori ovens produce without the actual tandoori oven. I wouldn't consider this a reasonable substitution.  I eat Indian food a few times a month and love trying new places.  Unfortunately this place doesn't make the grade.  In the end, we all have different preferences and what one person likes another may detest. On to the next.
I adore this place. The chicken tandoori is beyond amazing. Seriously, go get it now. And everything else is solid and the proprietors are very nice as well.
Great for large parties - I came with 12 people and we were easily accommodated and the food and service was great!
Super food & tasti  reailly Indian food mango lassi  naan all curry & tandoori is good
Oh. My. Gosh. My boyfriend and I randomly passed by this place and decided to check it out. I cannot stress enough how exceedingly pleased we were with our experience! The atmosphere was cozy, the staff was friendly and accommodating, the food was OUT OF THIS WORLD. Even the little touches were enjoyable, such as the uniquely folded napkins and the way the server poured our water for us from our carafe. I cannot wait for us to go back. We want to try absolutely everything on the menu!!!
one month later: the Naan has improved ten fold!! fluffy soft, a nice palatable chew with a delicious touch of ghee. according to my grubhub app, I've ordered delivery from this restaurant 11 times since feb 20th!! each & every time, the delivery service has been lightning fast and incredibly friendly! from order accuracy, course selection, hot food & TASTE.. it's a slam dunk. My favorite Indian place in bushwick, hands down.
SO glad this opened!!!  Food is great.  All about those  condiments they give you and the naan! Wow naan overload but the entires were awesome, really pleased with this place.
This place is great! The staff is so nice, the portion sizes are good, reasonably-priced. Definitely my go-to Indian restaurant in the area.
Got their Curry Box for lunch and it was awesome! Comes with choice of meat, veggies, basmati rice, naan, a soda, and condiments. I placed the order over the phone and the guy who took my order was very nice and friendly. I feel that their prices are reasonable. This spot is right by my job so I will definitely be ordering from them for lunch quite frequently.
This place is good. I've ordered a couple times and everytime they deliver within 20 minutes. I've been in to eat there once or twice and they were always accommodating  and really attentive making sure everything was good and quick. Im down with it.
This place has the best Indian food around! and I've tried them all. I've both eaten in and ordered delivery and was so happy with both. Super fresh and delicious- plus the people here are so nice it feels good to support them. The best tikka massala I've had- rreeallly good tandoori and apps too. While there, I could see how the deliciousness of the food could be a bit compromised during delivery- you have to be there to get the crispyness of the peazi or the sizzling tandoori- But they do delivery quick. Amazing all around!
went in on a thursday quiet clean and the food is amazing. hassan our server was great . my boyfriend never tried indian food after many attempts  and  me not giving up  on getting him to try it. he decided to try it.... and loved it..i am so happy i decided to try this place out. i live  in the area  seen it for awhile so happy i gave it a try...everything we tried was great. especially my chicken tikka ,loved the poori and samosas. he tried the lamb rogan josh. and loved it. .small quiet clean ...will be back..they deliver. im happy my boyfriend  first try of indian  food was a good one.. he loved everything so did i !!!
