Ayurveda Café isn't far from where I live and I stop in for lunch every 2 weeks or so. I'm in no way a vegetarian but I still find their vegetable dishes tasty and satisfying. The servers are polite and professional. The price is right and you can have more of anything on your platter for no extra charge. I usually drink tea but they also have wine and beer. All in all, a great place for a vegetarian meal. Some photos - robertiulo.com/2014/11/a…
I enjoyed lunch here very much. I'll post photos, so you can see my lunch & dessert. Lunch is $10, includes dessert, & it is all you can eat!  When I had read that in a Yelp review before dining here, I thought, well, maybe that's not up-to-date, so I did not fully expect that, considering it seems everything just goes up in price wherever you go.  What a lovely surprise!!! It IS all you can eat!!!!!!  I also like that you do not have to even think about what to order because it is one menu for the day, & you just have to decide if you would like brown rice or white rice. The meal comes with bread. Small round bowls are served within one large round tray & that is how your meal is brought to you at your table. Two sauces are also brought to you in a small tray. We had Tamarind sauce & a Cilantro sauce. I LOVE CILANTRO!!!! Both sauces were very good. Here's what my meal consisted of today--some of what I can recall--dark lentils in a lovely lentil sauce, /black chick peas with potatoes/, green spicy something/ little salad/ yogurt & I think dill. And one cabbage & something fritter.  All are in their own small silver bowls. I ENJOYED EVERY MORSEL OF FOOD. And, I LOVED TODAY'S dessert. It was very, very thin, whole wheat noodles, but this looked & tasted like a fabulous, ultra THIN noodle rice pudding, with a subtle bit of cinnamon. I LOVED THE TEXTURE & FLAVOR OF THIS DESSERT.  I will definitely be back!!!  Service was very, very nice. And, I loved the saying on paper that I selected from the "word box" at the end of my meal. Healthy, good food at a great price with kind, caring service. I did not see the word box, so I did ask. Be sure to do the same because it is fun & cool! Enjoy.This is the PERFECT PLACE to bring someone who says: "Oh, I can never decide what to order, can we have a few more minutes?"  It is ONE MENU EACH DAY! Delicious! No thinking necessary--so that means it is also great for anyone under a lot of stress!! Dine here!!!
Very good authentic, tasty Sattvic Indian food. I love the mystery on being at the chef's creative whim as each day the lunch and dinner is different and standard for all patrons. Only decision you have to make is "white or brown rice". On your way out don't forget to get some herbal digestives (i.e. candy  coated fennel seeds) located by Lord Ganesha. I also recommend getting a daily quote of inspiration to meditate upon from the colorful cabinet looked any the entrance.  I always leave this restaurant full, but not overstuffed (that can happen after some Indian meals), at ease knowing I ate a meal prepared with love, and spiritually provoked! Highly recommended for Indian food affectionados!
This review is for the takeout. I ordered 2 dinners delivered at the same time. One had a salad the other didn't, one had a pakora the other didn't, one had  2 yogurts and the other had 1...The lentils, rice, and yogurt were okay. The other 2 dishes were not edible. I think they used canned mushrooms and stringbeans to make a "curry." It lacked any flavor.The other was boiled broccoli and brussel sprouts, it had very little seasoning and no curry.Aside from the lentils it did not taste like "indian food," as it was very bland.
Super Great adventure!!  I was with 5 friends and had never had indian food, always thought it was all curry wow was i surprised.  It was so amazingly delicious. The naan bread was so great snd all the chutneys etc.  the owner and staff was so accommodating and took time to explain and even let us see the kitchen and his clay naan oven.  He had such infectious pride.  Went for lunch and prices were unbeatable
This is my favorite vegetarian place in New York City, not that I have been to all of them. The only reason I don't give it a five rating is that the last time I went, yesterday, the food was a bit dry. All of the samples were not as good as usual to me, but that changes each time.For $9.95, I received lunch samples and bread for lunch, as well as a small bowl of dessert, and I could get as many seconds as I wanted.This place is affordable and offers delicious, healthy food from salad to dessert. Even their carrot and other vegetable pudding for dessert is D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S. Among what I had days ago are lentils, cauliflower, and string beans, with wheat dessert. Surprisingly, the salad, and spinach pad were dry.There is also a large box by the door where you can put your hand and receive an awesome saying for your life that may fit or not.
I just returned to this lovely place for the first time in a long time, and I'm very happy that I did.A while ago, I wasn't so happy with it. When I would enter, I did not feel that I was welcomed. The energy was not so pleasant, even though the food was advertised as quite healthy.But today, the two women who served the food were so nice and welcoming. It totally transformed my experience of being in this place. The food even tasted better!The chai was great, too!After today, I will return. Not only am I looking for tasty and nourishing food, but living in New York City, I am looking for a tasty and nourishing environment, too.This is that kind of place!Thank you!
This is my peaceful oasis in hectic Manhattan. Soothing ambient sitar music plays as people mostly eat in silence. The menu is fixed and changes each day. It feels like a home cooked meal and is surprisingly filling. If you like vegetarian Indian food, variety, and a super peaceful atmosphere, I highly recommend it.
A very good price for a really great meal. The owner was so friendly and we chatted with him for probably 10 minutes before meeting up with friends and coming back. Good service!
Love, love, love this place! Ambience - Low key, quiet, serene. Please don't go here with a loud group, enjoy the beauty of silence.Food - Simple and healthy homelike Indian food. Don't go here looking for spicy Chicken Tikka Masala. For most Indian folks, this might be too bland. But they are offering ayurvedic food, and for that this place is amazing.Price - The fixed price meal is the right serving size and is at the right price point.Service - The nicest staff ever!
This bud of love, by summer's ripening breath,May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.(Romeo and Juliet, 2.2) Wow. I found love.  The most convenient area for my friend and I to meet is in the West 90's.  We have tried a few different places so far but I regret every meal I ate that was not here.  My friend suggested it, and I agreed thinking that I am a vegetarian who loves Indian food.The ambiance is like "eh", its not bad but certainly not NICE.They put those indian crackers with the dipping sauces on the table.They ask us if we would like brown or white rice--I choose white because I am a human being with actual taste buds.  They bring us our food--platters with salad, a small potato pancake-y thing,  rice, and three 3/4 cup size bowls--one was a tofu in a red sauce, one was that potato and green bean dish, and the third was a lentil dish.  All were absolutely delicious.  I finished before my friend and I did not finish my rice nor salad.  Then, the waiter (owner?) came over and was like "do you need more?" and I was like uhh, no, and he was like "It's all you can eat"I'M SORRY, WHAT?!I ordered more lentils and green beans and they were so delicious and I was so full.  Then, they brought us this little chickpea cake dessert, which was good/interesting.The bill comes--AFTER tax and tip, only $20.  A STEAL.  AMAZING.  I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK.
I love, love, love this place so much that it is now my new favorite restaurant. First off, the food was delicious and nothing was too oily, salty, or heavy. Some may find it bland, but I would describe it more as "healthy". Second off, you are essentially served a tasting menu and anything that you really enjoyed, you can receive refills of, for free! All for $10.95, if you go during lunchtime.The man that served us was incredibly friendly and nice and made sure everything that I was served was vegan, which took the experience over the top. All in all, eating at this restaurant made me feel like I was over at my friend's house and her parents were serving me a home cooked meal, and made sure that I left full and satisfied.
Not enough time, am I right? Life is a funny, funny thing. Plans don't work out the way you thought, babies grow older, etc, etc. Ayurveda Cafe: what role do you serve in this city we call home? It's crazy how we lose track of the things we love.
This is such a beautiful but humble little place...the food is amazing and reasonably priced. The service is kind and responsive. And the bathrooms are clean. Honestly, what more could one possibly want in a NYC vegetarian restaurant? So, SOOOO good.
Very disappointing.  I was excited to see an affordable fixed price Indian place, but the food turned out to be extremely bland and mostly very mushy in texture.  With drinks and tip, it also ended up being just as expensive as any of the more reasonably priced restaurants around here ($50 for 2).  It was filling, but not much else.  If you like to appropriate Indian culture and pretend that you're a better person for it, this may be a good place for you.  If you'd rather have a good, enjoyable meal, there are a lot of other options.
Lovely veggie Indian food and pleasant service in a quiet ambiance.
Small, quiet, totally vegetarian restaurant with delicious food and super friendly staff! It had a very relaxing atmosphere, and they do not rush you out. A great place for a quiet dinner with a friend or a date.As others have mentioned, the menu changes every day, and you can only get the platter available that day. It is served thali-style, with all the courses in little dishes on one big plate, and is accompanied by rice and bread (I don't think it's naan, but similar). Everything was delicious! I especially enjoyed the yellow lentils, and the little fried veggie thing (I am blanking on the name, it was the appetizer that day). The best part? FREE UNLIMITED REFILLS ON ANY PART OF THE PLATTER! I just asked for more of the lentils and rice and the appetizer, but my friend got seconds on the entire platter for free!! Just don't get too carried away - once you finish off as many helpings of everything as your heart desires, they bring out dessert! And the dessert was delicious. Fortunately, there is a nice list of teas (all around $2-$2.50) to help with the digestion. I had an herbal tea, and my friend got the chai, which was apparently really good!I also loved that the owner came around to every table during dinner to make sure everyone was enjoying their meals and see if they wanted more. He was super nice, and I really appreciate small gestures like that - it made the restaurant feel more homey and welcoming.
Food was on the bland side. I didn't care for the yogurt sauce or salad, both tasteless. The two sides of veggies and lentil were good (although I've had better lentils). Dessert gulab jammin (I'm sure my spelling is incorrect) was really sweet, but my friend seem to thoroughly enjoy it, eating both hers and mine.Service was good so they get an extra star.
This place is awesome!  I really knew nothing about this place before coming here, including that there's no menu to choose from, just tasty, home cooked food that the staff whips up for you that changed by the day.  It was such a cozy experience, like eating at a relative's home.  The food was delicious and I love that it was all vegetarian.  The portions are a bit small, but they will bring out free refills of pretty much anything (makes you feel even more like you're at your mom's when the server comes over as you're tearing into your food and says, "want more?" with a smile).  Service was excellent, fast, and prices were great--$40 for dinner for 2!  I will definitely be back--highly recommended!
If you want a really delicious dinner that leaves you feeling satisfied yet not stuffed and lethargic, go here! Since becoming vegan it's been so hard to eat well when eating out. And without breaking the bank. Guru and his staff give his restaurant a great aura. Soothing yet unassuming music. We live in Rockland. Good luck eating there! We'll come back here a lot!
I always remember really good meals, and really bad meals. Sadly - this was the latter. If you know what good healthy Indian food could taste like, then you would not go to Ayurveda and enjoy yourself.They get you excited, serving some papads and then bringing out the "thali" of the night. A myriad of dishes in small little bowls, served with rice. I took one bite, and immediately realized that this was one of those places, that gets away with being "exotic" even though what they are serving up is bland, un-indian food that is neither tasty to the palette or all that healthy. Also, like another reviewer mentioned, they make up dishes that are not even Indian and the whole "ayurveda" aspect is just a front for getting health food junkies in the front door. definitely disappointing and overpriced...especially if you have enjoyed a good indian meal before.Also - for those people who are vegetarians or skeptics, trust me, if you try an authentic south indian vegetarian restaurant... you will eat a whole meal and be so fulfilled, that you won't remember there wasn't meat..but ayurveda doesn't get ya there.
Outstanding.  I didn't go into this place until recent because of a 'B' rating from the health department, but since receiving an 'A' I have been frequenting Ayurveda, both for lunch and dinner.  I've gotta say that it is one of the tastiest Indian restaurants in NYC.  I am not a vegetarian, but love the variety of food that they serve.  The fixed menu always provides great variety, and the fact that you do not have to mull over menu items means that the service is extremely fast.  Also, beers are only 3$...a choice between Kingfisher and an organic beer which keeps changing.  And the beauty of this place is that although the individual portions are small, you can order as many refills as you want to...which I always do.  The raita white yogurt sauce which the always serve goes well with everything, as does the plain but delicious delicious basmati rice, which is available in white or brown.  The rice is is I salted, which gives you the option of adding what you like.  Another nice thing about Ayurveda is that the although the food comes out quickly, the staff is not in a hurry to rush you out, which allows you to relax and enjoy the always delicious desert that they serve.Overall, a very nice dining experience and great value for 14$.  Not incredible fancy...but who cares.
I never feel sick when i leave this indian restaurant.  It is dependably good, always filling, and pleasant...i love that i never have to wait, and never have to decide...i have sat in the restaurant studying, and have sat with friends talking...i never feel rushed. the waitresses are calm and pleasant...the perfect complement to ayurvedically balanced food!this is definitely a neighborhood favorite
I'm Indian. I cook pretty well and my family cooks really well. So I have high standards for Indian food and generally don't like eating at Indian restaurants. Also, I'm a bit of a hard-core non-vegetarian.But I fell in love with Ayurveda Cafe. The food is simple, clean, balanced, authentic and filling. I didn't miss meat at all. I ate to my heart's content and was satisfied but not icky-overly-stuffed. I didn't know there were free seconds and it was okay because I didn't need them.I love the fact that they make a different meal each day and you basically have to show up to find out what it is. I like not having to choose; it's an exercise in trust and simplicity, and I'm down with that!The only silly, corny thing was the box with fortunes, though I always get a fortune anyway, just for kicks. :) The rest of the experience was really authentic--straight up food on traditional stainless steel thalis (plates) and pleasant but no-nonsense service.Highly recommended. It's on my personal faves list, one of my go-to restaurants in the city.
I am a "steak and steak" kind of guy and I must say, that overall, I enjoyed my experience at Ayurveda.  As others have said, you walk in, sit down and you are brought a plate of food.  The plate is made of stainless steel and on it is what at first appears to be a modest serving of rice, and six or seven 1-1/2 inch diameter stainless steel bowls.  In each bowl is a different vegetarian dish, usually almost like a thick sauce/curry.  Each of these is meant to be mixed with the rice.  This composes your meal.Now, if you're like me and think the perfect meal might be a 14 oz. ribeye w/ a good serving of fried potatoes, I know what you're thinking "that doesn't sound appetizing or filling!"  But i've got to tell you that, as a meat eater, you would be wrong on both counts.  Of course, you've got to have a certain baseline like for indian food, but besides that don't worry, you're going to be full when you leave.  I went there for dinner at 6, had not eaten since 10:30 that morning and I was full before I even finished the plate.  Also, the free seconds is truly unique among restaurants - where else can you get free seconds??  I ordered seconds of only my one favorite bowl.  Dessert - I have no idea what it was - it was sort of like brown sugar and saffron, plus some sort of ground nut that held it together.  it reminded me of peanut butter but it wasn't peanuts or butter like.  yeah, that's all I got.Ayurveda cafe calls itself "A place for balance."  I think that is an appropriate term for how I felt when I left.  I felt sort of good...I certainly didn't feel bad, but I also didn't feel like I had been overwhelmed with flavor.  Dinner was $12.50 per person.  The Mango Lessi was pretty stinkin good - I got two of them.
The food is delicious, the atmosphere is calming, and the service is second to none.  This place is an Upper West Side gem, will definitely be back and highly recommend it for the food and the experience.
This place is an oasis.  When you walk in you are immediately greeted by a warm air and a sweet earthy fragrance reminiscent of chai tea.  There is no menu other than a simple proclamation that the food will consist of 10 items, covering all 6 tastes.  And let me tell you, all 6 senses are well taken care of too.  Your choices are between drinks, and if you want brown or white rice.  The food comes out on traditional Indian small steel dishes wrapped inside a larger dish.  All vegetarian, the dishes change daily.  I love this, that the decisions are made for you.  It allows you to experience the food without getting wrapped up in the mind trying to make decisions.  It's a very zen approach.  This is truly a different type of restaurant.  It is a mind, body, and soul experience.  Highly highly recommended, even for those who think they don't like Indian food.  People used to kill over spices like these (spice route anyone?).  So either you love it or you haven't loved it yet.  :)
Best Indian food I have ever had. It's convenient, right next to my house, an I come here atleast twice a week, sometimes more. It is inexpensive but well worth it, can't wait to go back!!!
I stocked up on livingsocial deals for a week of New York sightseeing with a friend from out of town. After a week of heavy pub food, cupcakes, and coffee, we wandered up to Ayurveda on our last night in the city. What a surprise! The restaurant itself was a cozy hole in the wall and the staff were welcoming right away. The food comes out on a single plate with about 8 small bowls with the individual dishes of the day. You just specify what rice you'd like, try everything, and let them know what you'd like more of (which should be all of it since everything was delicious). The unlimited naan was fresh and piping hot. I stuck with water (frequently refilled) but my friend loved her iced ginger tea.The waitstaff was incredibly nice. The man who seemed to be the manager or host stopped by our table to make sure we were enjoying everything, and got to chatting with us when we raved about the food.We really got our money's worth, but even without the livingsocial coupon the place is very reasonably priced compared to another UWS Indian buffet I go to. The food leaves you full without wanting to hibernate for a week. I will be going back here whenever I'm in the area.
I have been in love with Ayurveda cafe since I first discovered it, years ago when I'd just moved to NYC.  Others have described the prix-fixe set menu, the food, and the style of the place.  I will just say that I am often tired after eating, especially if I overeat.  But every time I eat here, I feel like I'm floating when I leave.  Seriously, I almost feel a little drugged (in a really good way).  Something about the ingredients, the spices, the atmosphere -- I don't know what, maybe just all of the above mixed -- makes me feel like I'm flying afterward; super healthy, energized and peaceful, all at the same time.  I have never felt that way with any other food I've eaten, at a restaurant or at home.  This place is really special.
When you're out in the Manhattan area and you need a good dish of 'close-to-authentic' Indian food, this is your place to go! Oh, you forgot to look at the menu outside the door? Get bent out of shape because they didn't hand you a menu when you came in? That's because they don't have one, silly! Oh, but you can choose your drink. I was a bit skeptical when I first came upon this place. It was recommended by some friends who live nearby. However, like most Americans, I like the ability of 'choice' - I can choose what dish I want to eat, I can linger over the long list of available options and hope that my pick is something that will make me moan in ecstasy over the happiness that my choice brought me. Or not. Either way, I wasn't sure if I was going to be very happy about a meal that someone else picks out. However, I was pleasantly surprised. It was great, it was a little more than inexpensive (about $15 a plate, I think), and the atmosphere was wonderful! I will definitely be returning!
Ayurveda is one of those comforting places that always make you feel better than you did when you walked in.  The mango lassi is  a delicious meal in itself.  Because your meal selection is chosen for you, it's always a nice surprise to see what the chef has chosen for that day.  Even though you can eat as much as you wish, save room for the desert, which is always interesting and often unidentifiable.The vibe is so serene in the restaurant that you can forget that you are in Manhattan.  A great place for vegetarians and the people who love them.
Pretty north Indian traditional. Small restaurant, perfect LUNCH atmosphere, metal cups and all. For lunch there is a set menu (though you can choose brown or basmati rice) and it was very reasonably priced. I think for an iced tea, full platter with raita/rice/curries/greens/etc, and dessert it was $12 a person including tax & tip. Best part? This is one of those places you can eat with your hand and not feel strange about it. Worst part? The lighting isn't great so when the curry permanently stained my pink nail polish a disgusting yellow/brown color, I looked a bit jaudiced on one hand. Not a good thing if you are returning to work at a clinic.
Great food, great price and awesome variety! Would highly recommend to anyone looking for vegetarian indian food!
I've been going there for years, and enjoyed my most recent experience, as did my boyfriend, but on the way out we noticed they got a B from the health dept. We made the mistake of looking online why they got it. Big, huge shock. We thought it might be something to do with the heating of the food, or prep that is 'non traditional', but it was far, far worse. 40 violations!!!Evidence of vermin. Unclean utensils. No hair nets. BLOWFLIES!!! I've never seen such awful reviews. How completely disappointing. Not only that, my boyfriend was queasy for hours after that.
When I walked in I had no idea what to expect. When I walked out, the Ayurveda Cafe was one of my favorite places in NYC.
What an upper west side gem! Went there with a friend for their $13 dinner special and if turned out to be an all you can east Ayurvedic feast! Great service, even better food, and affordable. What more is a New Yorker to ask for?
We order here from work occasionally, and delivery is always speedy. Sat in the restaurant for the first time today. Nice decor, soothing music, not cramped quarters like most of the Indian places on E. 6th. Felt very welcome and certainly left warm and relaxed! Will try the mango lassi next time I'm in the area and am looking for a sweet fix.
Was there for lunch a few hours ago. The food was just OK. Very salty and as another reviewer noted, the spices weren't blended very well into the food. I'm not sure what is healthy about their food other than the Ayurvedic concept. Since leaving the restaurant, I have had indigestion and I'm just not feeling good.
I'm confused.  IWhen you eat at this place, you are given a thali which contains a selection of about six different dishes.  There's no choice involved as far as the food is concerned.  This wouldn't be so bad if I didn't enjoy any of the dishes very much, and a couple were quite tasteless.  It also doesn't help that I don't get the personal benefit angle.  Yes, maybe it's cooked in a healthier manner than most food, but I don't think that the sort of 'magical' aspect of it really does anything for me.  In order to get into this place, I think you really have to buy into the health aspect.  Otherwise, you're just going to consider dining here a bit of a waste, like I did.
UPDATE!  We came back several weeks later to see if our initial visit was just a fluke.  IT WASN"T!  Again, the food was awesome.  Loved the lentils, the Potato Pekora, and the turnip dahl.  all just delish!  As always the service was warm, welcoming, and sincere.  This will undoubtedly become a new standard for us.  Just recommended it to our neighbors as a "do not miss.".
Horrible management. I received a free meal here from the Ayurveda Center, which works together with the cafe and they did not honor it b/c they said I need a certain recipe instead of the card that they wrote "free meal" on and signed. Both places try to get out of anything that give out including a gift certificate that I got and they said it expired even though there was no expiration date on the certificate! These people are not spiritual at all and rip you off!
I like this place.  The food is good and plentiful (they always offer seconds).  The good and bad is that there's a menu de jure, so no ordering.  I wish they'd upload their daily menu online so we could check it BEFORE walking all the way there.  Also, the prices are bit high for a de jure menu.  But all in all, its a good place and I do go back there fairly regularly so no real complaints.
Cheap, good, vegan Indian food. Lunch special was enough food. Only problem, it's on the UWS. Goes perfect with trip to Jerry Seinfeld's old apartment.
This place balances my soul and diet! :)! The menu can be touch and go but its worth it!
The pre-fix menu at Ayurveda Cafe has become part of a tradition with my friends after a good yoga class. The atmosphere soothes and relaxes, very casual, not at all stuffy. I'm not an expert of Indian or Ayurvedic food, but I know what tastes good, and this menu ALWAYS does. Make sure you get your wisdom quote from the box on the way out!
decent solid good vegetarian indian food.too bad you can't order a la carte.  they prepare there specials for the day and that is all you can choose from.  but it is very tasty and the price is right.can't beat the value of this place.as for the ayurveda bit, i'm not quite sure what makes this ayurvedic because there isn't anyone there to guide you as to which foods to select based on your ayurvedic constitution (pita, kapha, vata).  in china where they have medicinal restaurants they even have a doctor that checks your pulse to tell you what imbalances are detected and then they give you some suggested meals to help rebalance your condition.  if this place could manage to do that, it would truly be a first in new york.  otherwise i consider this place a decent, good tasting vegetarian indian restaurant.
I love eating here.  Unlike the other reviewers, I love not having a choice!  It's like going to someone's house for dinner.  I'm always satisfied and the food is healthy so I never leave feeling overstuffed.  I bring a lot of friends here who are always impressed.  The service is quite good too!
Went here with Ameena. It's near my shrink so it was so convenient. I love that they serve you what they feel like and that it fulfills all your different taste bud desires. I wish I could eat every meal like this. There was both a lot of food and very little food. I was totally stuffed and still had a lot of food left on the plate, but they gave us such a small amount of food that now I'm thinking that maybe the Indians really do know how to nourish the body the best. I loved it. Very tasty and all vegetarian. I want to go back for every meal.
WOW! Delicious Indian food. Better than the places in midtown's "curry hill". Only two menu options- dinner and lunch- thus no agonizing over what to order and its always unfailingly yummy. Extraordinarily reasonable; about 12 dollars at dinner and you can get a lassi or tea to round things out- plus, as people mentioned before, you can get refills.  Unlike a few other Indian veg places my BF and I have been to, the stuff is not all fried and neither of us have gotten sick after eating there (that may sound like faint praise until you are immobilized with post-idli heartburn).
Went here after taking my first yoga class in over a month and a half and it was exactly what I needed.  If you're looking for a plate of spicy balance, this is place to head.  Everything is Prix Fixe here, so there's no menu... You just sit down and they bring you the meal that everyone is eating.  Fortunately, their cook rocks like Buddha with a steel guitar.
i don't like okra. i'm not a communist.i like choices. there are only two choices here.eat what is served, or go somewhere else.in this case, comrades, it's okay to have your food decided for you. it's better than okay, it's wonderful!i've eaten here thrice this week, enjoyed three very different meals and my insides feel amazing (i know, that sounded kinda gross). no need for pepto or herbal tea after these meals. no need for 'fake meat' or any of that crap to disguise usual veggie blandness. no need because this stuff is deee-licious!no need to think - just order, enjoy and be thankful you've decided to experience an amazingly healthy meal that is so tasty you won't even care if you find some okra in there! (well, i didn't mind)9 bucks for lunch 12 bucks for dinner (enough for two people PLUS leftovers for the next days lunch!)CAN'T BE BEAT.
The waitstaff is very attentive (and not overly so), the food is very good (the lentils the other night were a little boring, but so what - the mushrooms with peas and potato with green pepper were both fantastic, and there's more than enough of everything to keep me interested), and the price is definitely right.  For me, the meal was one of the most stress-free in ages - just like Mom used to make and serve (eat what's on your plate! - oh except for a large choice of beverages: lassis, teas hot and iced), but without Mom there to give me hell about whatever.  Highly recommended.
This vegetarian Indian place with a pre-set, all-you-can-stuff-in-your-craw menu is so tasty, it almost made me not hate vegetarians. Almost.
This is a place friends from other neighbors ALWAYS want to go.  It is nice to have them serve you the meal of the day and it is a very relaxed vibe.  Their prices have gone up quite a bit, which is the only reason for one less star.
bland indian food. on the upside:the restaurant is quirky, i like that once you leave you get to stick your hand into a box and get a fortune. i like that you can't pick you food. i like that you can get seconds, but i have never needed to. it's quick and easy and VERY VERY CHEAP. & veg.
Reasonably priced, prix fixe dinner or lunch. I definitely recommend the mango lassi. You sit down and they place a plate loaded with stuff to eat. No ordering, no hassle. It's all very simplistic and soothing, especially with the droning of Indian music in the background. I can easily see why New York Magazine put this on the top 100 Cheap Places to Eat list.
eff this place. apparently they are supposed to offer you more of anything you like, but to us, they didn't, so we left totally hungry and wondering why we paid $14 for 6 baby food sized portions of mediocre indian food. not only that, but my friend is vegan, so 2 out of 6 of her portions were "salad", which amounts to 2 cups of plain (wilted) lettuce. cheap skates. absurd. and the naan tasted like bisquick. move along, nothing to see here
I really can't figure out why anyone likes this place. I ate here and the service was really bad. The food was icky. And me and the boy kinda puked a little after. Not so good for the insides, if you ask me.
Ugh....3am and I'm up with crazy heartburn.  Not that the food wasn't delicious (and ludicrously HUGE portions...either they increased the sizes or the people who said the servings were small....geez louise!)  but my friend and I ended the meal weakly slumped over the table, stomachs gurgling and feeling utterly exhausted.  Maybe I'm not all about Orwell meets naan, I think I would be okay with making a choice in a restaurant.  Its a nice change of pace....just bemusing and take your pepcid.
I eat here regularly and it is always great. A unique restaurant with well-made dishes. The set menu changes daily and is posted outside, please don't expect a menu.  It is all-you-can-eat, so if you want more of anything, just ask. I really wanted to respond to the few negative reviews. As I mentioned, the restaurant posts it's daily, set menu outside. If you don't like lack of choice, don't eat here. The food is always flavorful and interesting, if you think it is bland perhaps you don't like vegetarian food, so don't eat here.They want the food to be fresh and simple so you can taste the natural flavors, and they don't use a lot of salt, etc. because it is meant to be healthy.  BTW, I am NOT a vegetarian. The service is not great, but really all they need to do is bring your food (no ordering involved) and take it away. What do you expect, cartwheels? The ambiance is not the best, but it reminds me of India. The music is Indian, if you don't like Indian music, don't eat here. The price is reasonable, $9.95/lunch and $13.95/dinner. Very good papadum and naan, as much as you want. There is really nothing to complain about here.
Liked this place but not as much as Vatan. They do Indian food but they try too hard to be creative with it. I went there and they served mushrooms as one of the portions. In India, I never saw people eating mushrooms......
This restaurant is tiny and quaint. I love the low lighting and cozy feel. The food is DELICIOUS. I can feel the love they put into the meals. Great prices, and you don't have to decide what you want. They make two meals a day, 1 for lunch, 1 for dinner. I always leave feeling nourished. I admit that one time the food was a little bland, but that's the only time I've felt disappointed.
Authentic south Indian, which carries the good and bad of both.  On the plus side, I found this to be authentic south Indian, which unfortunatley also means overspiced, less than stellar presentation, diabetes inducing deserts, and strong but overpowering flavors.  Personally have had better, both in South India and in NYC (like Chennai Garden).
Cheap, delicious, reliable, and friendly service.  It's an old stand-by when trying to choose between millions of NYC restaurants.
As everyone said, a simple but very nice idea: one meal, one price, that's it.  We got takeout from there which proved to be enough for two not particularly hungry people, and probably would have been good for one reasonably hungry person.  A nice thing about having only one meal choice is that the food comes out really quickly.  Walking in and asking for a takeout dinner, we were back out the door in less than five minutes.  And, the food is plenty tasty, too!
love this place!  super good food.  the atmosphere could be better but its a casual place.  I usually get take out.  the food makes me feel great afterwards.  I wish I knew of other ayurvedic restaurants in new york.
i love sitting down and getting my food right away. all you have to choose is white or brown rice. i've been here twice and enjoyed it both times. for sure the healthy way to go with indian food. plus u can eat as much as you want. it's a different and fun way to dine!
Excellent, excellent vegetarian food in a simple setting.  This is the one place in NYC where you can go alone and feel comfortable, get a full meal for a good price, leave relaxed, and know that your stomach is being taken care of (seriously).  The concept is simple - Ayurvedic cuisine served as a thali plate, each small serving designed so that your meal is balanced - each dish is either salty, sweet, sour, bitter, astringent, or pungent.  You sit down, you order a drink (I enjoy the teas), and then your meal is brought to you, including nan, salad, and rice.  I have always cleaned my plate, and never felt the need to order more, although you certainly can.  The dishes are always delicious, but what stands out in my mind is the rice pudding I had once, unforgettable.  As you're walking out the door, make sure that you open the box sitting on the table by the front and take a slip of paper containing words of wisdom.  I still have mine posted on my bulletin board since they were so wise, gentle reminders, words to live by.
such a tasty no-brainer bargain! a little bit of a hole-in-a-wall - don't expect any frills! we left full (but still feeling healthy) and calm & sleepy and are likely to return next time we're in the city.
food is okay, prices are reasonable... it's overall average.. but a good concept
Healthy food. A little too bland for an indian. Overall good experience. Best is that they allow u to share the thali. Yes. Again.
Absolutely wonderful local business promoting holistic balanced nutrition and good karma. They offer an amazing deal for the quality of food. I believe in the principles in Ayurvedic living and this place is authentic and delicious!They welcomed my class of preschoolers (free of charge) into the restaurant for a hands on demonstration on how to make authentic roti. They gave them a tour of the kitchen and a look inside the coal burning oven. It was a blast!
this is a little gem on the upper west side. The vegetarian food feels nurturing and home-cooked. There is nothing complicated here, no menus, just a pre-set menu of the day that is very generous. You can savor many little dishes and dessert all for a reasonable price. The music and lighting is soothing and makes you feel right at home. I usually treat myself to a late lunch here at least once a week. The staff is also very welcoming. A truly great place where you can feel comfortable and get lost in the moment.
For the past few years I eat here every time I visit family on the upper west side.  The lunch is a set menu.  Home cooked and fresh, with a reasonable portion size.  Which is appreciated!  If they notice you are finished one item they ask if you'd like some more.  They take care of you very well.
Excellent place to eat, this was the best meal value of my entire NYC trip. I went in for lunch, there is no food menu but there is a menu for drinks which includes a variety of lassies, wines and beers. The main meal is a thali that consists of rice (brown or white), raita,  salad, fritter and a variety of vegetable dishes.  At the end, the server brings  dessert, in my case it was payasam which was delicious. There is also free wifi, I asked the server the password and she gave it to me. The check added up to $10.85, awesome!!!
Been coming to this place for a long time. Love it here! The food is awesome. they always pick amazing food. The servers were also very nice. We stayed till after closing because we were having such a good time. No complaints from anyone. Come here!
Absolutely divine! Could not have been happier with ordering from this place. I ordered take out and was treated with a generous array of delicious food. I also ordered the banana shake which was really good. It was thinner than the usual milkshake but refreshing and better for after a big meal  Definitely ordering again soon!
The food is nice.Plenty of portion size and vegetables are cooked nicely.I have complaints about the dessert.It is really not tasty and unlike indian desserts are made which is in pure ghee.It seems like the dessert especially halwa is made in some oil vs ghee.
A really great lunch spot. The food was quite good and reasonably priced ($13 for a filling lunch with table service!). A word to vegans -- the prix fixe menu had some non-vegan components that you might want to ask to replace before ordering. The bread that came with my meal was a chapati, which typically uses ghee in making the dough, and there was a little bowl of yogurt that came with everything. The staff was quite friendly, they'd probably be amenable to subbing in extra of whatever else they're serving that day to keep the meal vegan. That chapti though... mmmmmm. delicious. I do agree that the dishes are mildly spiced, but I still found them flavorful.  Don't be scared of the empty dining room at lunch, go on in and eat some tasty!
Great ambience. Really brings out the Indian feel to it. Quantity of the food is good for the cost. Staff is friendly, and the place was not very crowded when I went there around 1pm for a vegetarian platter. Being an Indian myself, I just didn't enjoy the quality of the food much. I've been to far better Indian restaurants in NYC where they serve authentic Indian dish.
Food was decent. The daal and Chana sabzi weren't too great, salad was just mostly lettuce, but the other curry, raita and rice were good. The rotis were really soft and warm. For dessert we were served broken wheat kheer which was good portion and very tasty. Overall, it's awesome when you're a traveler and when you want to eat something wholesome and healthy, for a very responsible price. If you're here only for the tastebuds, it's going to disappoint. But if you are here to fill yourselves up to the brim with home-like food, this is your place.
This is our place. Always cozy, great food and really nice people. This is what I love about New York, it has places hosted by their owners. The all you can eat service makes everything simpler. You can go there to eat with your partner, family or friends and talk without being disturbed by the waitress.The food is amazing and since you can repeat whatever you like you can't get out of there hungry. Everything givens homemade, you can taste it, and the bread comes warm.Inexpensive place to eat for what you get.If you like vegetarian Indian this is the right restaurant. I totally recommend this spot.
Very kind people here. It's a set menu, and tonight it wasn't what I would have ordered if I could have ordered any dish, but it was still OK. I think restaurants tend to make their food more amenable to American palates, which favor kinda bland spiceless stuff, comparatively.But yeah. Still good, healthy, tasty food - and a very friendly establishment! Would recommend, of course.
I have no idea why this place has so many stars. We had a flavorless and completely unenjoyable dinner. The lack of choice is also not great. It was pre-made and dry. We had to force ourselves to finish, because the staff was so nice. I hope they start making fresh enjoyable food! However we will not be back, even though I live a block away.
The food here is pretty affordable compared to most other Indian restaurants in the area, which tend to be pricy. Also, you get a large variety of different dishes in smaller sizes, and the ones I got today were all good. They had mustard greens today, which are delicious but hard to find.
Love this UWS gem.  The food is not too spicy.  The staff are gracious and the atmosphere is serene.  As you're leaving you can take message out of the box golden box
A different and very refreshing dining experience. Ayurveda is a modest and casual joint. There's a set menu daily, I believe about $10 for lunch and $13 for dinner. The set comes with naan, rice, appetizers, salad, entree, and dessert, and you can get unlimited refills on any dish (when I was there, there was a cauliflower appetizer, an eggplant appetizer, the main was chickpeas, the dessert was some kind of pudding (my least favorite dish).The food is all vegetarian and relatively mild, very balanced for a holistic dining experience. I highly recommend this place, even if it's a bit out of the way.
This is an original. The food is clean, well prepared. It's all you can eat which is a nice touch.Great tea. Lovely, laid back place with excellent service. A real neighborhood restaurant.
I have been coming to this cafe for over 10 years now and it is always tasty and satisfying.  Each day has a slightly different set plate and your meal ($10 for lunch and $16 for dinner) includes an appetizer, several vegetable entrees, lentils, yogurt, and other accompaniments.  You also get naan and dessert.  The best part is that you can ask for more of anything so you can always get seconds of your favorite parts of the meal!Everything is vegetarian and they do not handle meat products in their kitchen.I highly recommend to all of my friends, both vegetarians and omnivores alike.
This is a great place to eat when you don't know what you want to eat. If you're indecisive -- as I usually am when I'm starved -- DINE HERE because all the food is chosen for you. All dishes are vegetarian and caters to the six senses -- sour, pungent, sweet, astringent, salty & bitter. Food comes in simple metal bowls & plates and come dinner time, unlimited. I had 5 pekoras and 10 macarons with no regrets and no judgment. Take a step into India and leave with a good fortune on your way out.
Big, tasty, vegan lunch for $10? Why, I don't mind if I do! I stopped in for lunch last week and was very surprised to see how much food came on the lunch platter. There was rice and bread (of course!), plus salad, lentils, cauliflower, a chickpea/potato dish, and a fried goodie. I think they gave me two salads since I told them I'm vegan and the dish usually comes with a yogurt option. I can't say that the salad was interesting enough to eat twice, but I was very glad they were knowledgeable of which items were and were not vegan.The meal was supposed to come with dessert but it wasn't vegan (it really should be! :) ), but I was too stuffed to eat dessert anyway.The service was prompt and friendly, and I love that they serve brown rice and make small, healthy changes that you don't typically find in Indian food.
Affordable, vegetarian Indian food. You get an appetizer, naan bread and dessert with your meal. All you basically say to the server is whether you want brown or white rice, and everything is pretty much set. The food isn't mind-blowing but its tasty enough. I notice the vegetables may change from time to time, but there's always the salad and yogurt dish. The other veggie dishes we had were broccoli mixed veg, potatoes, and black eyed peas. I read other reviews that had different vegetables so every time might be slightly different.
This place took me back to my childhood days and reminded me of my granny's cooking. It was most delicious, healthy and minimalistic. This is a place which would not only uplift your mood, but your spirit as well. The food served here is cooked in tune with ayurvedic principles, it is light, flavorful with just the right amount of spices and non-greasy. I would rate it very highly, a must go for vegans/vegetarians, and I believe this surely is one of the best Indian food places I have been to in a long time, it's a gem, and I am so glad that I found it. Eating here left me happy and feeling healthy! :-)
This restaurant is just okay. My food arrived bland and lukewarm; however, I did enjoy the spice tea.
Wow. The food tastes incredibly good here. The service is a little slow, esp. considering there is one set menu a day. However, if you aren't in a rush the laid back service really helps you enjoy the ambiance and enjoy your meal.Strongly recommend to everyone! Especially vegetarians and vegans and people who think food without meat can't taste good.
Food is delicious, all you can eat pre fix menu. Service is fast. Great environment. And it's Ayurvedic!
Great for vegetarians -- everything they serve is vegetarian :) Loved the set menu, and it changes daily. The staff was super friendly. I will be coming back for sure!
Ate dinner here, and wasn't impressed.  The food is OK, but forgettable.  The naan is very flat, not light and airy as it should be, and also not fresh.  The veggie curries were fine, nothing stood out.  The yogurt side was very thin.  And the iceberg lettuce salad was flavorless.I think you get the same thing for lunch, but only $11 instead of the dinner $16, so maybe it's an OK option for a filling lunch if you are in the neighborhood and really want Indian food.  I notice most of the yelp reviewers went at lunch where I think my expectations would have been a little lower.
Very bland, watered down for the american palette. Not authentic in flavor. Paneer was actually tofu. Chai was milk.if you're Desi and used to rich flavors, I wouldn't recommend this place. Staff was nice.
Delicious food and relaxing atmosphere served by kind people. One of my favorite restaurants in the city and a place I visit regularly. Food is healthy and they put a lot of care into developing a creative menu and making their guests feel at home. So many good memories here.
I have never been disappointed by this hidden gem in the upper west side. The food? Delicious and simple. The service? Attentive. The ambiance? Tranquil. It's also an amazing bargain.
Their food is very close to home made Indian food in terms of taste and spiciness. They offer an appetizer, two veggies, daal, brown or white rice and bread for lunch and dinner. The spinach and daal were absolutely delicious, Sheera for dessert was yummy too. Lunch is reasonably priced at 9.95$ but I found dinner to a tad expensive at 15.95$, given that the portion sizes and menus are the same for both meals. Service was slow when we went but place was full and we didn't mind waiting. I would recommend going for lunch to get a taste of home made Indian food!
Best Indian restaurant experience I've ever had. I walked all the way from the staten island ferry through central park and had a raging appetite. Went into this small little Indian restaurant and they served delicious and plentiful food. I wish I lived near here so I could stop in all the time. Well done
How I heard of this place: My friend Nadia and I, after a six-to-seven hour commute, checked in to our hotel and went in search of a late lunch in the Upper West Side. We found The Ayurveda (vegetarian) Cafe and made our way in immediately.Type of cuisine: "Ayurveda is very clear when it comes to food. Sattvic (pure) food is needed to heal and maintain good health and must incorporate six tastes in every meal: sweet, sour, salty, bitter, astringent and pungent. At Ayurveda Cafe we believe food cooked and served with compassion adds a powerful value to the dining experience. That power may be invisible to the human eye but it can be felt by you." A low-cost, vegetarian, restaurant, with simple, Indian dishes to complement the Ayurvedic clinic above."Ayurveda Cafe serves pure vegetarian meals in a soothing and friendly environment. Our meals are balanced and consist of 10 items which include all six tastes: salty, sweet, sour, bitter, astringent and pungent. We do not handle meat, chicken, seafood or eggs in our kitchen. We offer a new menu everyday. At Ayurveda Cafe we believe food cooked and served with compassion adds a powerful value to the dining experience. That power may be invisible to the human eye but it can be felt by you."Ambiance: The bright orange awning leading over the sidewalk and towards the street cannot be missed! The bold, white font  invites passerby onto the plastic, grass-like step and into the wooden-framed doorway. Inside, large pots with billowing green plants block the tiled way into the dark, limited seating establishment. Just before finding one's spot at one of the 12 four-person glass-topped tables, a round, white table at the front attracts attention. Pamphlets and business cards are set adjacent to a small vase of bamboo, while a miniature fountain trickles water, nearly more audibly than the classical Indian music playing overhead. The ceiling is serenly painted to resemble a fluffy-clouded blue sky, against the tame yellow walls. A brown half-wall creates the separation from the restaurant seating area and the register, shelves holding tin cups, boxes of tea and instrument-yielding male charicatures made of painted wood.What I ordered: Both of us decided to go with the pre-set menu du jour featuring a complete meal consisting of: an appetizer (one cauliflower piecora), 2 vegetable entrees (one cauliflower and one with green beans), whole wheat naan, lentils, basmati or brown rice, a green salad, raita and suji for dessert (lunch: $9.95).What I loved: The raita and lentils, I must say, were my favorites! The green bean curry, too, was quite high on the list.Why I loved it: Simple menu, all vegetarian options, authentic, flavorful cuisine.Cost: Low to average ($9.95 - $13.95 per small thali entree)
Very good authentic, tasty Sattvic Indian food. I love the mystery on being at the chef's creative whim as each day the lunch and dinner is different and standard for all patrons. Only decision you have to make is "white or brown rice". On your way out don't forget to get some herbal digestives (i.e. candy  coated fennel seeds) located by Lord Ganesha. I also recommend getting a daily quote of inspiration to meditate upon from the colorful cabinet looked any the entrance.  I always leave this restaurant full, but not overstuffed (that can happen after some Indian meals), at ease knowing I ate a meal prepared with love, and spiritually provoked! Highly recommended for Indian food affectionados!
$9.95 lunch.  All vegetarian and very good.  Naan is nice and warm.  The spinach, curry, and green peas were good.  U can pass on the dessert.  Service was very good, was given 2nd bowl of naan.  :-).  Interior is ok, not very fancy.
The food is clearly for the health conscious. If you choose to listen, Your body will tell you this.
Went here for a lunch deal with my dad. Pretty standard vegetarian lunch special. Decent price and and the taste is on point with the service. Not overbearing with spice. One of those enjoyable lunches that don't make you feel bloated afterwards. Would definitely recommend for lunch!
Fantastic food and a tranquil atmosphere. It's like eating at your mother's table, assuming your mother can cook Indian dishes extremely well. Prices are very reasonable and I always feel satisfied after eating here. You won't even notice it's health food.
I cannot believe it took me this long to write a review of a place I constantly go to. I think I have been coming here for well over 10 years and they have been nothing but delicious and consistent. I still can't figure out what people are unhappy about with their 2 star reviews. The restaurant doesn't pretend to be anything but what it states. I love that there's no menu, so I don't have to choose - I get what they offer and there's always a wonderful balance. If I don't care for one dish (which usually happens only when I can't handle the spice) - I still have several more to eat. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.
Given the place's glowing reviews, we were really not impressed with the food served here. It was so bland! Not one of the small dishes was really appetizing, and that is coming from a very hungry pregnant woman. The music was nice, at least!
No Bueno.  Great atmosphere, solid mission.  Terrible, tasteless spinach and lentil beans...wish the food was more rich and flavorful like Indian food usually is.
Honestly the best place to eat, besides Vatan in the lower east side. Holy cow the food is ridiculously amazing, and everything about this place is just incredible. Their food is affordable, and very much worth every penny. Got to go back to try all the different dishes they serve.
been a return customer since 2000.just had lunch.  So damn good!  Thank you Ayruveda for everything you are.  Straight up chill decor, delicious food, great pricing.  Just wished you opened another in Queens or at least lower manhat.
This place has very tasty and healthy food. Nice Indian traditional music and good crevice are creating beautiful atmosphere !!! :-)
Tasty, very, very healthy, vegetarian and kosher!The menu changes daily. Each meal has the six different Ayurvedic tastes: salty, sweet, sour, bitter, astringent and pungent. So, at $15 a dinner and the opportunity to play 'guess which food has which taste,' it's very easy to eat and order in from here multiple times a week...
Delicious and so much value-for-moneyness. Fixed course menu at 10.87 (incl. tax). Came with lentils, pakora, brown/white rice, mixed vegetable curry, okra, yogurt, naan and (very surprisingly) some payasam. Given that I've had substandardIndian food outside of Houston (best in the country!), I was really surprised. Not sure how it compares with some of the Queens places and Saravana Bhavan etc in midtown, though.
I've been here a few times, but the last visit was the best.  The food is great as always and you can eat it without feeling too guilty.   The mango lassi is not too sour and delicious.  We had 16 people for dinner celebrating our yoga teaching training graduation.  Despite the limited seating, they were very accommodating to our group.  Don't forget to pick out a dharma from the box.
I came here midday on a Saturday so there was only one other table occupied. Every day they serve one dish, a platter with several mini dishes. Two dishes that stood out to me on the platter was Spinach with Broccoli (To me, it was basically Saag Ponir without the fried chunks of Ponir. Loved it), and okra (I find its hard to cook okra without it being sticky from the okra juices, but they did it right. Good consistency, not too soft.). The bread was fresh/warm when delivered to our table and we even got extra bread at no cost later in the meal. The dessert was a little too sweet for me however.Friendly service. Delicious food. Good price. Bad location (at least for me).
This place was okay, but it only serves a set, predefined menu. I enjoyed this place and would go here again. However, there is another kosher, vegetarian Indian restaurant nearby, Saravanaa Bhavan, on Amsterdam (between 79th and 80th) that I would personally recommend / prefer over this restaurant.
Service was modest, food was not that great but somehow i was full like never before. Satisfaction from food - minimal.Satisfaction from the fact that i was full - quite high.
Great Indian Vegatarian lunch, tasty, plentiful and under $10 ! Highly recommended.  They even have diet coke (not listed on menu)
Very nice friendly and relaxed vibe. Excellent prix fixe lunch special which is healthy and veggie for ten dollars. Hit the spot in a grey January Sunday. Friendly service. Nice Indian music and atmosphere.
The best indian food in the city. The staff is extremely pleasant and the energy in the place is amazing.The all you can eat dinner thali are super healthy and has a variety of options for everyone.It is the complete ayurvedic meal. This is our regular hang out spot and a highly recommended place. 5 stars !!!
If you're looking for traditional Indian vegetarian food that you find in regular Indian places back home then come here for sure! Loved the food.
Fairly regular vegetarian Indian fare! Spice levels are also fairly attuned to an Indian palette, so its slightly spicier than what you might expect. Cheap/ less reasonably priced place with a casual vibe.
Soo delicious! Rice pudding in the end was amazing! All the dishes reminded me of my childhood!
I really don't understand the highly rated reviews for this restaurant. The only good thing was the price and service. The food was horrible. I hate saying this because everyone working here was very kind, but unfortunately the food is mediocre at best. Do not recommend at all.
Great kosher option in the neighborhood. Food is fresh, healthy and always a welcome change from the more traditional kosher places in the area. I have eaten here once for lunch and was pleasantly surprised to find that the atmosphere was very calm and peaceful. The food was plentiful and you can ask for more of the dishes that you like in the lunch or dinner set. I typically just order delivery and they tend to be super fast and organized.
Been here 4 times over the last three years and it always sticks in my mind as a really delightful experience. I always leave feeling light and satisfied. You never have to worry about what to choose on the menu because it's all arranged for you, which is one thing I like about this restaurant. You never know what you'll get, but you can count on it being good.
I order from here whenever I want wholesome, flavorful and healthy food. The food always tastes fresh and never too greasy. I love the combinations and the dinner portions are large enough to share. I never feel overly full and that's even with the tasty desserts! They also give you some printed wisdom on a strip of paper when you order (similar to yogi teas), which is always a nice touch. I look forward to eating there in person one day!
I haven't been here for about 5 years so I decided to stop by today for lunch.They advertise that the food is unlimited. I had gone for a long run in the morning and I was hungry. I was looking forward to a big lunch. Unfortunately, I had a waitress who was on the nasty side.  When I cleared most of my plate she stopped by and tried to take my dish away without even asking if I was done. I asked her for seconds on a couple of items - which I was entitled to - and she seemed really pissed off. Grudgingly, she brought me some extra food. When I asked for additional servings she was downright angry.I don't understand why this place says that it is all you can eat if they get angry when you ask for additional servings. I mean, it's not as if I was a bottomless pit. All I wanted was a few extra portions of some of the sides.For a place that promotes itself as peaceful and enlightening Ayurveda Cafe sure has a lot of attitude. If I want to be treated with contempt there are plenty of other places to eat at.Having said all this, the rice pudding I had for dessert was pretty good - but I was too scared to ask the waitress for seconds.
I went to this cafe today for dinner in a group of 4 people. I didnt like the food- very bland for indian taste buds. The man / waiter who served us looked like an indian but did not understand hindi and could not speak english properly. Sweetdish on the board outside mentioned gulAb jamun, but instead pumpkin halwa was served to us which was horrible. Bad customer service+ bad food.. I would never return for sure.
Delicious, great environment and affordable. Best meal I've had in a while. The staff is extremely nice, friendly, welcoming and even soothing... the entire place is soothing... if you've had a stressful day, this place will do the trick. Wonderful. Such a great find in the neighborhood! Ayurveda is now a personal favorite of mine.
So basically I had heard a lot of good things about this place and I decided to check it out. Sunday morning around 11:45. The food arrives. The sabjee is a little off, the spinach is mediocre at best. The daal is okay. The dessert was a moong daal halwa which was cold. How can halwa be cold? Asked to get it reheated. I expected better to be honest. I would not eat there again.
Upon my return from Nashville, I felt I owe some respect to my poor abused digestive system! The Ayurveda Cafe is amazingly delicious, healthy, clean and very affordable ! It's a mother's kitchen type, so you get the meal they prepared for the day! There is a lot of imagination in every dish, just perfectly balanced! I'll be back soon!!
I was disappointed. The food was very bland and flavorless, and the vegetables were overcooked. The atmosphere and service were pleasant, however, and the naan was good.
I absolutely love Ayurveda Café and recommend it to everybody. I try to come here as much as I can. The food is delicious, addictive ;) yet super healthy. You can taste that it is made with special care and intention. The atmosphere is very pleasant, the staff super friendly. Businesses like that make New York City great!
I lately started reading about Ayurveda lifestyle and started incorporating my eating according to my main dosha. I was looking to see if there is a place in NYC which has all the great balance this way of living has to offer and found myself over lunch at Ayurveda Cafe. The place is sweet, welcoming, truly enveloping you from the moment you walk in. I love the fact that there is a fix menu, nothing to break my head about. I enjoyed every single bite and every moment in this calming atmosphere. The price is ridiculously cheap and the food is unbelievably tasty and fresh. On the way out there is a box with spiritual messages as a farewell treat. What a shrine!
I've been here about 5-6 times for the lunch special at $10. Very delicious, filling (free refills!), and you leaving feeling amazing. Its also so peaceful and quiet in there so if you're stressed out at work and need a relaxing lunch break, this is the perfect spot.The only thing is that menu doesn't really change that much so it's the same taste for the most part. If it varied more, i'd come back more often.
I heard about Ayurveda Cafe through the Diner's Deck and I really enjoyed my experience here.The menu is Prix fixe, and I was a bit hesitant about this in the beginning, just because I'm used to choosing off a menu. But then I thought, the cooks better be pretty damn good at their jobs if they're committed to only serving one meal a night. Spoiler alert: They are. Not only was the food delicious, but I realized how fun it is to go to a restaurant and just be served. Also, a group dining experience here becomes so much more intimate and special when everyone is having the same food. This Prix fixe works because each entree, no matter the night, has a base of rice and bread along with six different flavors that can please a wide variety of palates. And in my case, all the flavors are pleasing.Come here to have a satisfying, healthy, feel-good meal for only $10 (lunch) and $14 (dinner). Dessert is included as well :) Not to mention--seconds for no extra charge!The only reason I took off a star is because the environment can seem eerily quiet, and the wait staff can be a bit hovery because they have nothing else to do. Still, it's funny to see the type of people who must frequent the place-- you get your occasional slender individual with a yoga mat in arm. But I can't judge the yogis. This food inspires me to become a yogi as well. Excuse me while I go practice downward dog.
Environment was indeed calm, warm, and welcoming as advertised. The daily menu is already prepared and therefore came very quickly at lunch. The quality and variety was good. The only downside is that the extent of offerings and taste did not compare to other Indian restaurants of similar scale that I have frequented in other cities. I did feel very nourished and satiated by the lunch platter which had sufficient gluten-free options. So, given that the Ayurveda Cafe left me feeling healthy, full, and warm without costing much, I'll definitely be back!
The food is simple, tasty and not flashy like the other indian places in NYC. reminds me of food I have back home. The taste and spice levels is perfect. It's filling and worth the price! I would definitely come here again!!!!
I was hungry and decided to get off my subway one stop earlier so that I would bump into something other than 'the usual'. I ended up rediscovering Ayurveda cafe, and it was like I fell in love with the place all over again. Prices are fantastic: $10 for lunch and $16 for dinner. No need to pick anything since they already picked something scrumptious for you, consisting of rice, bread, vegetables, lentils and yoghurt etc. All vegetarian and prepared perfectly. They noticed how I was scarving down the food. I was offered refills of pretty anything in front of me more than once. All I could say is 'yes please more'. Nobody that goes to Ayurveda Cafe needs to walk out hungry or unsatisfied. The staff is super friendly, service very quick and smooth. The setting a bit on the plain side, I mean I wouldn't go here on a date, but it is the perfect place to go to with a family member or a friend. I love the calming music in the background and the overall Ayurvedic feel of the place. I'm definitely coming back!
Wonderful, healthy food. Fantastic service. I can't eat dairy and they always accommodate my diet with a substitution. Can't beat the prices. The vibe is wonderful too. Gem of upper west side:)
People should come to Ayurveda Cafe in search of a good Ayurvedic meal as opposed to a good Indian meal, which is different. Ayurveda is Indian, yes, but differs from the Indian cooking that most New Yorkers are familiar with - that powerful, explosive taste. You will absolutely be pleased by Ayurveda Cafe if you know what Ayurvedic food is. Ayurveda is the oldest form of preventative medicine and healing in the world and sees food as being essential to health. That being said, they do not cook with excess salt or make their food very spicy or excessively oily. Ayurveda cafe prepares tridoshic meals, meaning that their meals are healthy for all body types. All the reviewers complaining about getting ripped off or mislead do not know what Ayurvedic cooking is! It is delicious, balanced, not overly pungent or hot, and does not hamper or irritate digestion. The atmosphere is delightful and the people that work there are very nice. I love Ayurveda cafe!
I decided to go to this place after reading the positive reviews.  The service was pretty good but the food, not so much.  I love indian food and I'm used to the spices and seasonings but simply put the food was bland and felt I was eating at a cafeteria.  Sorry, I will not go back.
This place is basic and just plain yummy, I like that they change the menu everyday and 13dollars for a hot tasty dinner is a great value. I met the owner he is a cool guy very nice.  I would for sure go again. the food Has a nice level of spice.worth the time to check it out.
This is a great find! I loved the food. They choose the menu for the day and it is a great combination of entrees and dishes at a reasonable price. Some dishes can be a bit spicy but not too hard to handle in my opinion and I do not like spice. The décor is quaint and simple, just right. Great place.
definitely one of my favorite places to eat in the city. great price for such amazing food. It's all "vegetarian", but the only thing that contains dairy is a certain sauce that they serve with your meal. If the waitress is told that you would like your meal dairy-free, they're very good about it.
I love Ayurveda kitchen for how good it makes my belly feel. It's the perfect healthy comfort food, and they give you very large portion of it. As a vegetarian, I adore this type of cooking.
Perfect for vegetarians. Three dishes plus a pakora vary each day. You also get a salad and yogurt sauce, papadam, and naan. Then this is followed by a dessert that also changes every day. Owner(s) and staff are very friendly and always offering to bring more food if you want. Never have felt rushed, and we've always been able to take our time.So overall, dishes vary from day to day, but I have always enjoyed the meal. Relaxed, quiet atmosphere is icing on the cake.
While the concept of a different menu every day that tickles the six food senses is cool, a platter of nondescript foods came to the table, while quickly, without any description. It's certainly enough food for one person - price includes rice and naan - I wasn't quite sure what I was eating. The one thing I could definitively make out, the yellow daal, was probably my favorite. I'd give a place like this 2.5 stars because it's a decent deal for the $13.95 dinner price. Furthermore, they allowed us to stay for about an hour after our meal and still filled our waters, which was cool.
PROS: 1. Amazing dollar-to-food value2. Consistently delicious, timely, courteous, and satiating (and that's coming from a hardcore carnivore)3. You actually feel good after you've eaten their food... healthy and prepared with thought & love. Awww...CONS:1. None! They're not 24 hours?? I dunno, that's all I got hahaVERDICT:Everlasting love at first taste
If you want clean balanced vegetarian food on the UWS this is your spot. Everything was delicious. Service with permagrins too.
I went here with some non-south asian friends and frankly I was immensely embarrassed by the food meted out. There was some awful bhaji that was worse than what I would have had, had I thrown ingredients together in my kitchen with some turmeric and chillies. The daal smelled strongly of garlic, was utterly without flavor. They placed one pakora on the thaali. And honestly, I thought the place was a COMPLETE RIPOFF in the name of Indian food. As a south asia, who has grown up on some of the best desi food at home and in restaurants, I was completely embarrassed by what they were serviing in the name of indian food. Non-desis can still find something exotic about the bland, useless food...but ah well I would never go there again and regret that I ever did.Need I add that Ayurveda is very deceitful in pushing this food as the best of Indian vegetarian...Indian vegetarian is one of the best with subtle blends of aromas and spices and unbelievable colors - thats what a thali looks like...not a mish-mash of an ad-hoc mushroom-blend-bhaji, tasteless kaali daal with not even kari pata, and a strange orange curry that one didn't even feel like tasting....For anyone who's disappointed in Indian vegetarian after this...believe me, this is not it!!
Enjoyed a delicious meal here and prices were very inexpensive so I would say you get lots of value.  Most importantly the quality of the food was great.  Service was excellent and ambiance is nice.  Among the best when it comes to Indian restaurants.  :)
The food was delicious. I am not a vegetarian,  and I loved every bite. You do not get to pick anything here, it is a set menu everyday. It does not matter.  The food I was served was great!
Only one word... YUCK!!!! I am an Indian and trust me the food is everything but INDIAN... it is so not flavorful, so salty (surely will increase your sodium level and if you have high blood pressure you might die on the spot by annoyance and salty food's deadly combination) ... they managed to screw the most simple and tasty food rajma chawal ( Kidney beans and rice) to an extent that I might not have it for months now.... IN my opinion it is the worst Indian food I could have had.
our favorite and best healthy yummy restaurant in manhattan!tell us if there is better healthy restaurant!highly recommended!try once at least in your life time!
Delicious vegetarian food, filling, different and interesting. Great place to come for a quick bite because of the fixed menu. Sit down and you're eating in a matter of minutes. Prices are reasonable too. They're generous with the servings and refill parts of the entree for free.
I would give this 3.5 if there's that option.FOODNot the best Indian I've had but flavorful and more importantly, it tastes authentic. They only do prix-fixe, which can be relaxing when you don't feel like making any decisions. Do remember that you can ask for seconds for any side dish you'd like. My favorite is the aloo ghobi (curried cauliflower) and the dessert, which is a traditional carrot cake.Menu changes everyday, depending on their mood, though there's definitely repeats.SERVICEThe service is mediocre at best. You definitely feel like that talking to you is a chore to them.PRICEGood price. Inexpensive and filling.OVERALLGood eats if you're in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
Not sure where all the 4 and 5 stars are coming from... the food was exactly what Yelp defines as a 2-star: "Meh. I've experienced better." Staff was nice...
Here's what you need to know about this place:(1)  You do not choose what you eat, they choose what you eat.(2)  The dessert will be either drop-dead delicious or really disappointing.  But, if you pay attention to (3) below, you won't really care that much if dessert is disappointing, because...(3)  All the other food is freaking delicious - IF YOU ORDER TAKEOUT.  For some reason, the food they serve in the restaurant is bland.  The food they give you to eat at home is well-spiced and wonderful.  And yes, I am aware that with a set menu every day, both takeout and eat-in must be coming from the same batches of food in the kitchen.  I don't know how it works.  All I can tell you is that we've both eaten in and taken out many times, and the taste divide is unfailingly consistent.Oh, also(4) Takeout portions are HUGE.  Nothing wrong with that.
I love the vibe and I love their food. You're sitting down and letting them serve you whatever is prepared that day. I learned through reading yelp reviews that there's an option for second servings, which they don't promote at the restaurant (haven't asked for more yet). All options are vegetarian and served in small metallic bowls. The menu usually consists of rice (brown or white), lentils, a small salad (iceberg lettuce and some cabbage), a potato and cabbage mixture and some toasted pita bread. The idea behind the menu is to combine all flavor profiles in one meal - sweet, salty, savory, etc. I always find it delicious and comforting. It's a little oasis in the middle of Manhattan.
Just walked in just now and had to walk out. Me and my friend wasn't there more than 2 minutes before we were treated so rudely. I have never been here so we finally decided to try this place. Waitress was so rude. We felt like she wanted to rush our order she wasn't welcoming at all.  We tried to make our order but she was hovering over us and mind you we had no idea that its a set lunch menu and we didn't have time to look. She was standing over us tapping her fingers like she had better shit to do!!It sucks that I didn't have a chance with this place but the waitress ruined it for us!!!
We saw this place on Groupon Now and decided to give it a try.  The offer was 2 dinners for $20.  I think based on the price at the restaurant, that's about $8.00 off for 2 people.  The unique thing about this restaurant is that the menu is set every day, and you get served whats on the menu.  If you're really picky, then maybe this won't work for you - but if you want a little adventure, then this is a great place.Since the menu varies every day, I won't go too much into our actual menu items, other than to say that they were quite good.  The lentils had a great flavor and the main dishes were rich and filling. Plus, if for some reason your platter does not fill you up, you can get refills of whatever dishes you want.All in all, this was a really unique find that I might not have tried if not for Groupon - but I advise you to give it a shot - it was really quite good.
The service is amazing! It's a family-run restaurant, the waiters were very nice. And it's all-you-can-eat. No need to pay extra money as long as they fit in your tummy. You can also grab words of wisdom and some Indian spice on your way out.
The best definition I found for Ayurveda - a traditional Indian study of medicine said, "...connecting the mind and body and biological humour."   Um- yea- I can see that. The first thing I said when I walked into this place from a chilly NY rain was, "is it me, or is it hot in here?"  I did kinda feel like putting on my yoga shorts and downward dogging, but once my napkin hit my lap I was soon transformed into the Indian food loving freak that I am deep in my soul. This freak, was not disappointed.The place is monk-like quiet - at least on a rainy Monday afternoon - so don't come here if you're thinking Vegetarian Indian funky-cool and lively.  For lunch (and dinner) they only offer a fixed menu, so if you like a good long menu read and picking from lots of appetizers to share -- not happening here . But what is served is as comforting  as reading a really good book under the covers on a cold, rainy day.    They serve perfectly portioned tastings to you on a tray in these cool little stainless steel bowls incorporating  six tastes: sweet, sour, salty, astringent, bitter and pungent.  The flavors will speak to you.You can choose basmati or brown rice and pick from a small selection of beverages - the Indian Spice Tea was nice - and the mango lassi  sounded pretty darn good as well. No alcohol. We're talking strict vegan, body cleansing and utterly satisfying food.  For dessert -- a traditional payasam -- this coconut paste that could be used for spackle. But, as I found myself trying to sneak a lick-the-bowl-clean move- I learned that spackle is good.You also can't beat the price at $9 for lunch, plus your beverage - given the quality of the food and feeling of simplicity, balance, clean living and of course, biological humour.
The Ayurveda Café is my unofficial "office" on the Upper West Side, where I like to meet with friends and colleagues for conversation or business, and it's also a place I like to hang out and relax.  It has healthy, inexpensive food, and a calm, pleasant environment.  I love that there are hanging plants everywhere, that the ceiling is painted sky blue with clouds, and that the small ceiling fans are painted the same sky-blue color.  There is a beautiful Indian chest by the entrance; you open its small door to pull a paper fortune out of a basket inside as you leave, so that you take something inspiring with you.  Fennel seeds in several varieties (including candied ones!) are in small dishes next to the chest so that you can scoop out a spoonful to support digestion after your meal.  If you go outside of the main meal times, it is quiet for conversation, with soothing Indian or New Age music playing in the background.  As for the food, I hardly know what to say.  I've been going to the Ayurveda Café for many years, and the food has ranged from truly delicious to bland in taste.  It depends on which year and which cook is on duty.  But it is always balanced and healthy and plentiful, and I always feel good after I eat there.  And you can never go wrong with the delicious mango lassi.  And it's so inexpensive and pleasant that I will happily continue to go there for the experience alone, no matter who is cooking!
I did not like my meal here, and the service was cold and unwelcoming. How can a place not have a menu? I got sick. I'm not a fan of vegetarian Indian, but I can usually at least stomach it. So much for their 'healthy food healthy body' slogan. Yuck.
Delicious and tasty.Small place though.  They kept filling my water constantly, atleast they werent trying to push more expensive drinks on me I guess.  We devoured the naan bread like oxygen.  The metal bowls were scraped down clean.  Lassis paired nicely with the deep spices.  And they had this simple sweet coconut dessert that left me wanting more but I was plenty sattisfied.Stop on in.  Family style quisine.
After reading the mainly positive reviews, I decided to give this place a try.  The concept is nice- a thali-style dinner with various flavors pre-selected.  However, the meal itself left much to be desired.First off, the service was pretty rude.  The waitstaff appeared rather bored and uninterested in serving.  When I asked for a little more of the most-tolerable item on my plate, the waitress didn't even acknowledge my polite request.  She stared straight ahead, left, and then reappeared a few minutes later with my food, still speechless, unsmiling, and failing to make anything faintly resembling eye contact.  Rude.The food was bland, yet over-spiced as some reviewers had commented.  I am a HUGE fan of Indian food, so I know what good Indian food is and am quite accustomed to the spices and seasonings.  The spicing was overpowering and raw, and the food beneath the seasoning was bland.  It was as though the flavors had not married and I was able to taste every spice distinctively, as though I was dipping my tongue in each individual canister of cumin, turmeric, etc.  (I have never actually done such a thing, for the record!)Perhaps the worst part of my meal was when I went to the restroom and saw behind the counter.  All of the food came from a steam table.  I guess that's a good way to save money- to have everything pre-made and sitting there all day.  But it grossed me out.  I felt like I was eating at a cafeteria.  And unlike a regular Indian buffet, it was hidden out of sight and you couldn't get to it yourself.  It was just icky looking and poorly lit.  And then with that Lunch Lady Doris attitude...  No thanks.Sorry, Ayuverda.  I had high hopes for you, but you were icky and I will not go back.
I am a HUGE fan of Indian thalis. It is vegetarian and has a different set menu every night.  Went there for dinner last night and for $14 you get a traditional Indian thali. The thali consists of 10 items and fulfills all 6 tastes. (Salty, sweet, sour, bitter, astringent, pungent) The great thing about it was the free refills! That's right, if there was something that you just didn't get enough of, you could ask for more.Really nice wait staff, and since they are only cooking one meal the service is super speedy. I am definitely going back.
Some of the best Indian food I've had on the UWS. (My other favorite is Hampton Chutney Company.)This place serves all you can eat vegetarian Thali plates. Every night is a new pre-set menu served with pappadam, roti, your choice of white or brown rice and dessert.The food isn't too spicy (definitely served mild to accommodate everyone) and isn't greasy, which I appreciate! Even though it's a fairly small restaurant, I've never seen this place over-crowded and there has never been a wait, even on a Saturday night.  This is definitely a good go-to if you need a quick, easy meal.
What an incredible find! This place is perfect for vegetarians and lovers of Indian food alike.My favorite part: since they only have one option for lunch or dinner, your food comes out literally 5 minutes after you sit down. Talk about instant gratification.
They call it ayurvedic but it's nothing more than a regular thali. I ordered the "Indian style spicy tea" and out came Lipton with milk and sugar. Indian tea or chai or masala is supposed to be made with ginger, cardamon, cloves, and other spices. I sent the tea back feeling sheepish but knowing the place is a sham.
So, I dragged my guy here for a cheap, tasty, vegetarian, and filling lunch.  Unfortunately, the only thing he heard was vegetarian.  After assuring him that if the food sucked, I'd pay for him to scarf a bucket of Popeye's, he relented, and off we were.As soon as we got to the door, I noticed that they have the day's menu posted outside.  Couldn't believe I missed it the first visit...must've been "hunger related blindness" or something.  Anywhoo, we had the place to ourselves, service was prompt and pleasant, and the food was tasty.My guy now knows that veggies can be a delicious meal & I didn't have to buy any stupid Popeye's chicken.  Score!  Everything's coming up Chandy :)
The place is a true Upper West Side gem. Ayurveda Cafe serves meals based on ancient Ayurvedic principles. Ayurvedic food is healthy, vegetarian, avoids harsh ingredients and balances flavors based on ancient Hindu ideas of health. The thali is the only thing you can order (besides beverages). The thali has 10 items which change every day.Food is fresh, authentic, flavors are subtle. There are unlimited refills so you can eat until you are sated. I recommend this place to fans of vegetarian Indian food.
We ordered delivery and were really satisfied - it came very quickly, warm, organized well, good portion, tasty food and cheap. The set menu is nice because you get to try things you would not normally order, the food is good and more than enough for one person and the people there are very nice. Recommended!
So yummy!  It's freeing not to have to search through a menu and decide what you want to eat.  You sit, they serve you a vegetable thali consisting of appetizer, rice (your choice of white or brown), naan, several vegetable dishes, and a desert.  You can have as much of anything as you want.  They have a variety of traditional drinks to choose from including mango lassi and chai tea.  The ambiance and service are OK.  Street parking is tricky.
The picture: God deities strewn across the middle of the restaurant, some of them wallowing in dollar notes. A big tacky silver 'Ohm', positioned conveniently in the line of sight of a 'Choking victim' poster. Ceiling lights cast a purple hue over a sky coloured ceiling. Where the bleep am I?The grub: Our menu promised us 10 items with sweet, salty, astringent, bitter, sour and pungent tastes. Astringent, bitter and sour were notably absent. Bland, bland and salty took their place (yeah,  I did say salty twice). The highlight of the meal was my mushroom curry, which was really delicious.  A close look at my water glass revealed some dirt sitting comfortably on the rim. Ugh, the heebie-jeebies.The word: Maybe it was just the day I chose. For the most part though, this whole 'Ayurveda' thing is just a marketing gig.  Ayurveda Cafe just came across as one of those generic sub-par Indian restaurants with befuddled waitstaff. To be fair, it is cheap and unlimited and there's a chance you go on a lucky day. And they have a box filled with pearls of wisdom on little slips of paper, fortune cookie style. Mine read, "Don't believe everything they tell you." :)
Found this place on yelp.  Basically there is a pre-set vegetarian menu that supposedly changes with whatever ingredients are available.  The meal was fresh, rich in flavor, and interesting.  I was happy I went.
This restaurant has a B from the health department.The food was okay - we enjoyed the mango and banana lassi.  However, my friend and I agreed that we wouldn't go back.
Awesome vegetarian Indian food.  Every thing is prix fix, and the menu changes daily.  Really fun!
Ayurveda cafe is a hidden treasure. The interior is relaxing, with the ceiling painted to look like the sky, and fountains and candles everywhere. There is no menu, they just have one choice for each day. You choose brown or white rice, and they bring out 5 small plates of vegetarian entrees. Everything was delicious. There are several beverage choices, I went with the lemonade, which was awesome. The dining is based on Ayurvedic principles, which is that each meal should be balanced and healthy. You'll be full when you leave, but you'll also have a calm, satisfied feeling. Service is attentive and friendly, without being overbearing. The restaurant is totally vegetarian, and doesn't handle meat, seafood or eggs. It was a bit pricey, but I had a living social deal, which made it more than affordable.
What an experience. I had no idea what to expect when I came to eat at Ayurveda. I walked out very pleasantly surprised.This was my first time eating Indian food, so take from this review what you will. Also let me state that this is a BYOB place, which I wish I had known ahead of time (luckily there is a liquor store around the corner, although I felt like I was being judged slightly boozing there, as the place has a living healthy theme!). The decor of this place is very endearing. The cloud-painted ceilings and soft lighting really relaxes you.I want to cut to the chase and get to the food. All you need to tell them is white or brown rice, the menu is pre-set. Ayurveda is all-vegetarian, and I can honestly say I did not miss the meat at all. They bring you out a tray of 6 small bowls of food meant to satisfy every taste and a side of rice and bread. All of the food was really tasty, although I'm not sure what I was eating.Which brings me to my one complaint and the only thing preventing a 5-star rating. The service was very kind and attentive, but never once was I told what I was eating until I asked towards the end of my meal. I think it would be a great touch for the waitress to say as soon as you sit what is being served today (as well as reminding you when they deliver it; as i said, I was new to Indian food).My minor complaint aside, this place truly is a gem. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and the experience. When the tray comes out, I did not think the 6 small bowls would fill me up, but I was very full. Even if you were still hungry, they offer you more of whatever you like. It is such a nice atmosphere, it's like eating at a family dinner (quoted from another review I read).Give Ayurveda a try. Even if you are an omnivore like myself, it is a really nice change of pace. I can't wait to try it again.
I'd give this place 3.5 stars because its hard when its healthy bland-ish Indian food versus bad for you fatty Indian food.  Would I come here on a Friday night if I was in the mood to let go? No way.This is a spot for the weekday to save money, eat healthy, and feel good AND stay in the neighborhood (only 3 stops away from me in my neighborhood).  It reminds me of my mom's cooking because my mom doesn't cook with so much oil.  Is it that bland? No, is it that random, yes.   Call before you go to see what kind of dishes they have, some of it is pretty unique. Lunch is $10, and dinner is $14 + tax  - you can ask for some more too - for no cost.
I came here twice before and I'm not really a fan, but I like the variety in taste. The two times I went, I was only satisfied with half the things on my plate. I was very happy they have unlimited naan though, being the big-eater that I am. I'm also very fond of the mango lassi here.
Loved this place!  Yummy food, well thought out, served with genuine care, at a good price.  Will definitely eat there again if I find myself in that hood.  It was spicier than I'm used to, but what do you expect?
Ventured here by the grace of the Living Social coupon. Arrived on time to the minute for our 8:30 reservation...only to be curtly told by a clearly-harried waitress "you have to wait, sorry". After a ten minute stand by the door, we were finally seated at a table that came with its own computer monitor, newspaper, and cell phone. Apparently the manager's office. Um.The restaurant was stuffed to the gills, the waitstaff was flustered beyond flustered, our food and lassis (sweet and mango, respectively), while mighty tasty, arrived well outside of a reasonable amount of time for a set thali...the only saving grace was its location, which is infinitely more convenient for us than Little India. All the same, though, you're much better off making the trip to Vatan. I cannot stress this enough.
I've only had delivery so far from Ayuverda (3 times).  This is another place I debated a long time before trying as I'm not a vegatarian and am a picky eater .  I am so glad I tried it though.I don't know the names of most of the items; but the food is great.  The portions are huge; and the quality of the food is fresh and flavorful.  The Mango Lassi is like a drug.  Once you have one, you'll understand.
Scored a deal on LivingSocial for dinner for two. Headed over on a Monday night- not crowded at all and was greeted promptly by friendly staff.The restaurant has no menu- it's essentially Ma's kitchen. Whatever she's cooking, you're eating. Well, with the choice of brown or white rice and your choice of Lassis, teas, and sodas. Or beer and wine if you so desire. Food was delicious. Not too spicy but very flavorful. If you like it, you can order more of whichever dish- like unlimited helpings. We'd definitely go again!
Most Indian food leaves my stomach feeling queasy. However, this is very delicate and healthy. The owners are extremely friendly.
This is a pretty cute vegetarian Indian eatery.  They do their best with the decor to give you that whole earthy "I'm in India.  Don't I feel balanced?" feeling.

What some people don't realize is that you can ask for more food if you're still hungry after the initial serving.  Of course, I've only managed to ask for seconds twice.

It's $10 with tax and tip at lunch (served until 4:45 p.m.).  I don't know what it costs at dinner.
I've been looking for good Indian food since I've been in NYC.  Wow!  I've found it.  Authentic taste with spice and heat in all the right places.  Friendly and quite with music of India.  I'll be back.
Delicious.  Healthy.  A great deal.  The Pumpkin Halwa was one of the most delicious things I've ever put in my mouth.
It's a trek from my place, but when I'm u pin the neighborhood I'll make sure to check it out again. Felt like a home cooked meal. Nothing fancy just a good meal that hit the spot.
This place is a regular go-to for me in the UWS and I'm not even vegetarian. The food here is always a mystery but also always delicious. This place is also great for deliver. Generally one order of the chosen dinner item is enough for two people. If I'm by myself there's always a enough for lunch the next day!
Do not come here expecting standard heavy Indian food!  However, if you are interested in lighter, healthier, filling food that follows the tenets of Ayurvedic food, this is the ONLY place in the city to get it.  There is no menu per se, you eat what is prepared that day, a thali, a selection of various dishes, that provide you with the five balancing tastes: sweet, sour, pungent, bitter, salty. If you go in prepared for this kind of meal, you will be very pleased!
I love and hate the no menu concept.  Takes the stress out of ordering but also a risk.  I usually end up not eating at least 10% of the plate.  Plus, the food is overly salty to me.  BUT, mad props for their mango lassi.  Yum!
Delicious food, a bit healthier than most indian places.  Pricey, though it is all you can eat.
This place has apparently got a cult following, because NYC celebrities are discovering the Indian thali.   What brilliance of marketing, this place is!!Basically, this place is serving a common homemade Indian thali, somewhat bland (simple homemade fresh food).Make is less spicy.. and add the Ayurveda tag..    (sweet, sour, tag).  Honestly, this thali would be considered decent but nothing outstanding if it was judged outside of the Ayurveda  tag and all that jazz...   lol.. the Indian thali is about as aurvedya as any common meal-- every family serves one up in India!   Go to nearly all the South Indian restauarants in NJ and you can eat delicious thalis-- and its' just ONE of the many items they offer.  And yeah.. they have all that sweet, sour jazz..   Remove 80% of the spices and most of the oil from Indian food and its' healthy (that's how homemade Indian food mainly is).  Good decent homemade thali.   Yet get this-- New Samosa in Philadelphia serves a far less expensive buffet of vegetarian Indian 'simple' food..with more variety and less cost than this thali ever could be- and New Samosa is getting BEATEN UP for being bland.  hmm.. both Ayurveda Cafe's and New Samosa's food taste very similar...Indeed, it's sometimes it's all in how you present it ...
Great deal and well worth it. The pre-fixe scheme is very convenient, yet they change up the dishes so keeps it fresh. Spinach is incredible, you'll need 2 or more. It's small, so really only good for 2-4 people at a time, and with kids (we have a 7month old) possible, but just limit of space. In short, a great, local, small neighborhood eatery, great value and quality for the price.
The first, and only Ayurveda restaurant that I have ever been to, I love this place to pieces. It has some of the best (vegetarian) indian food that I have ever tasted. Plus, you can have free refills of anything you like of the food! There's a choice between white and brown nice, which is nice if you are more particular. I particularly love the fact that this place has no menu, except for drinks. You eat what is served. The rice, naan, and the 5 different tastes. And if you wish, tea or lassi (both are available in several varieties). And water. Love me some water. It is quiet, calm and small, but beautiful and comfortable at the same time.
I live nearby and on the recommendation of a friend in the neighborhood tried the pre-fix lunch about a year ago. Since then, it's my #1 favorite take-out experience in the neighborhood. I'm excited to dine-in sometime soon. I've ordered over a dozen times and I've never encountered a dish on the menu I didn't enjoy, nor did I see many repeats! The meal feels nutritious and when I order dinner, I virtually always have enough leftovers for lunch the next day (just add rice!). There's a major increase in portion size when you take-out lunch vs. dinner (roughly twice as much food).
My friend took me to this wonderful eatery near her home on the Upper West Side. For a reasonable price, you get a selection of vegetarian Auyervedic foods, including appetizers and dessert. The food is mildly flavored, which I understand is good for you (I am a salt-hound and could use some moderation!). The main course is served on an array of little silver dishes on a platter. Feel free to mix and match the different "plates." Even though the individual portions looked small, by the end of the main course, my friend and I were stuffed with barely enough room for dessert. Somehow we squeezed it in (it's healthy, right?) Delicious mango lassis. The staff was friendly and helpful and there is a little basket where you select a helpful message for yourself. My friend says the menu shifts daily. I'd love to try their lunch and another dinner. A great find!
Delicious!  I had dinner here on a recent trip to the city with my husband and our 2 year old son.  We all loved it!  The owners and employees and friendly and welcoming.  My husband requested a spicier chutney and we were given 2 chutneys, both wonderful, one was smokey and super spicy, the other was sneaky with a long, slow burn that completely changed our experience with the food already on our plate. They offer house, kosher and organic red and white wine, Kingfisher and organic beers, along with lassis and teas.  Only wish we would have eaten there again before we left.
Menu? What menu? Every day is a new menu. "It consists of 10 items w/6 tastes (salty,sweet,sour,bitter,astringent&pungent)." Personally, i wouldn't use the word astringent to describe food (why not just spicy?), but hey if that's what you want. So the place is really cozy (not that it's small. about medium). You go in and sit and they bring you food right away. That's the joy of a pre-set menu... All you choose is what you want to drink and what type of rice you want. 7.95 for lunch. 13.95 for dinner.The idea is neat, but it would be perfected if they actually listed what they were serving every day. I had to ask, and even then the waitress didn't remember and had to check. However, in the end, the tray of food with the variety of veggie delights kind of makes up for it. Just tell us which mush is what!!
This place has always intrigued me, but since it's right next door to one of my favorite spots - Pio Pio - and we're almost never on the Upper West Side unless we're already going to Pio Pio, we've never had a chance to try it.  As luck would have it, we found ourselves on the same block two nights in a row recently and, lacking the stomach and ears to deal with Pio Pio again so soon, it was finally time to give it a shot.In so many ways, this place is the utter polar opposite of its neighbor.  The dim, softly lit interior is immediately soothing, and the friendly, attentive staff helps you forget the outside world while you tuck into a pre-selected plate of flavorful vegetarian dishes.  The amount of food you're given looks smallish to average, but as with all Indian food, the volume is deceptive.  I'd venture to say the food's as good as, if not better than, Vatan, which has a similar concept but is far fancier (and a little more expensive). Vatan's awesome too, but if all you care about is the food, this will more than do the trick.    The night we went, the dinner was capped off with a coconut burfi, which is the best Indian dessert I've ever had, and is certainly in my top ten desserts period.  My chakras have never felt more in tune.
Superb food. Very accommodating to vegans. Went with Indian vegetarian friends, who live in the neighborhood and they had nothing but the praise for this authentic food they grew up with. Lucky them, they go there often.It is really wonderful if you live nearby, because their menu changes often, so you won't get bored, ordering same things over and over again. There is always rice and Dahl, which was very-very good. They offer you seconds of any item on the menu that day. But really, the small bowls of food are deceptive, as the food is so comforting and filling. But just to know that you can have more if you still have room for it, is a good thing. Also, once in a while it feels good not to worry about what to choose, and simply enjoy your meal and conversation with good friends.I was pleasantly surprised to see the restaurant busy in the middle of the week, and people were coming in for late dinner.The only negative - we were rushed at the end of our dinner,  as they wanted the table for another party. Guess,  people are hungry for a good veg*n meal .Another bad thing - uws is too far away for us to visit often, otherwise we would be eating there at least once a week. Can you please, open another Ayurveda Cafe iin midtown or queens.
This  place is extremely yummy in every way. There is no menu, pre-fix -   so far, one of my fav places and for some it may be comforting not to be bothered with a menu. Totally VEGGIE and everyday there is a new meal. Very flavorful -- I enjoy the atmosphere, its not fancy but definitely far from a whole in the wall - really nice service -- Best to go for lunch - they have the same meal but different price...  Its a go to place!!! TASTY TASTY TASTY and Filling !!
Delicious,  flavorful spicy food. Fresh taste. Rice,  lentils,  okra,  potatoes,  raita, roti. You won't be disappointed with the prefix!
I went because I bought the Living Social deal and I'm really glad I did. Everything was delicious and they give you free refills! Of food! I was relieved to find this out as I was initially concerned when I saw the portions - your dinner comes out on a huge platter of tiny metal cups of food. Also there is a box with pieces of paper that have bits of wisdom on them. I felt that the pieces we chose were very appropriate for my partner and I - I'm sentimental like that. All in all a cute spot with a great vibe. I will definitely be back!
Ayurveda is a much cheaper alternative to Vatan for all-vegetarian Indian thalis (buffet-style tasting plates).  Dinner is about $15.  Atmosphere: not what I was expecting for a place called "Ayurveda Cafe"- it was kind of dark inside and dingy looking. Also, none of the waitstaff was Indian which seemed a little strange to me because the food is so traditional (I couldn't get a look at the kitchen to see if the cook was).From the website: "Our meals are balanced and consist of 10 items which include all six tastes: salty, sweet, sour, bitter, astringent and pungent." Some of the dishes were definitely excessively sweet, some sour, and some bland.  There was roti (whole wheat tortilla), dal, cauliflour curry, raita, a sweet squash dish, and a gross vegetable dish (made with a frozen carrots/peas/corn/lima beans medley).  Even though the food was heavy, it tasted healthy so I didn't feel bad about eating the whole thali.  You do get a lot of food- enough for 2 meals if you want to take food home.  My friend barely dented her plate; I felt like I was going to explode afterward (if Indian food's in front of me, I'll eat it all!).
We love this place, it's one of our go-to places. The owner is always so friendly and welcoming, and we always find the food to be delicious. I love that I can have as much as I want of my favorite parts of the set menu. I will continue to go back for more!
The deal with this restau is that you can only order your drink, everything else is prefix. I really enjoyed my meal and for $20 (including tax & tip) per person, I feel it was a good value. Everything was tasty and I think it's clever that they dress up a buffet level of kitchen service by having servers serve you from a cleverly hidden buffet and bring it out to you 'as if' the kitchen had prepared your food for you. I think it adds a little class onto the generally proletariat buffet thing. I would definitely eat here again. Being from Los Angeles, where we have so many amazing, cheap, independent Indian restaurants, this is the first one I've tried in NYC worth what they charge. Oh! And the dessert they serve, best Indian dessert I've ever had.
Ayurveda Cafe is a delightful place for vegetarians, perfect for a small meal (3/4 full.)  I think the order in which the meal is served is technically not following ayurvedic regimen.  By that I mean that it should be sweet first and bitter last...   In no way is this slander, but if you are following a very strict ayurvedic diet, expect to see this deviation.  However, abiding by the principles of Ayurveda, all six tastes are, in fact, incorporated into the meal.   Coming to taste,  if you were to fly to india and just walk into any house at random and ask for food, this would be it.   There is nothing that is above-averagely delicious, while not tasting bad.  As far as food quality, I will not hesitate in saying that I have had better Ayurvedic meals (not in New York City.)  If you're adamant to find Ayurvedic food  and not willing to compromise on taste, you may find a good meal 8n most Udipi restaurants:  items such as yogurt, yellow rice, dal, khichdi, etc.    Generally speaking, I would say that the food is North Indian... definitely not south indian.  There is refined sugar in some dishes and fried food is part of the meal here. and I'm taking a guess that the papad was microwaved (it wasn't covered by a film of oil) which was a problem for me.  I dont think I'll be going back but would recommend it to anyone who is relaxed about sugar content of food and food being fired/microwaved.
I've been here several times and other reviewers are right, they do seem to cater to a non-South Asian audience. Nonetheless, I find the food to be delicious. So much food for the price and the waitresses are shy but polite and very sweet.
$9.95 for a delicious lunch with 2 entrees, salad, rice, and desert. It was quite good.
Good amount of tasty food for $14. It's a fixed menu but accommodated my no dairy restriction. They offered refills on food which was a great option although we didn't take them up on offer. Good service...overall very happy with experience.
Our dinner at Ayurveda Cafe was a very refreshing experience. Normally, it's impossible for me to get my fiance to walk into a place that even remotely hints at vegetarianism. This place, though, was another story. For a fantastic price, we had an amazing Indian meal. The place was crowded, but still felt very peaceful...not a huge production like a lot of the other "thali-style" restaurants. The salt lassi was great (I'm so picky when it comes to salt lassi) and the service overall was good. Definitely a great find!
A whole grand lot of Yelp reviews already stand for this place.  Other ones are all over the placemats inside this Upper West Side.  There's something about the restaurant that cannot be stressed enough. "At Ayurveda Cafe, we believe food cooked and served with compassion adds a powerful value to the dining experience.  That power may be invisible to the human eye but it can be felt by you."It's the kind of place you just might prefer to eat alone.  It's not for the picky, as you only chose between basmati and brown rice; the entire menu is set and determined by the (as yet unseen to my human eyes) chef.  Of course, Ayurveda Cafe has its share of pickled yogis, an occasional anorexic in Adidas, and all other types you could conjure and, if intrigued, are party to.  Boy, is it cool to sit in that place with everyone else, and not CHOOSE!  Yes, sitar music, sometimes, yes pewter cups and trays, and ohGodyes their Lassis.  Have I ever finished my plate?  No! (It's all you can eat!)  Smiling, lovely caring staff.  Now, excuse me while I climb off my free-trade soapbox, order an altar, offertory candles from ABC Home and a burn a little sage.My friends?  Umm, who doesn't want to be some place with people believing that something "unseen," is going on.  Namaste.
I've only ever ordered delivery from here, not eaten in the restaurant, so cannot comment on decor, ambiance etc.What i can comment on, however, is the delicious food they offer. Whilst you are never sure what you'll get, because all you can order is the 'Menu du Jour', I have never been disappointed. Fine, the ingredients may not be the most "gourmet", but I've never been disappointed and love the fact that there's no choice in what to order - sometimes trying to decide what to order is a dilemma I can live without. All their food is vegan.It's really good value too - one portion is easily enough to feed two people, and often times there can be enough left over for one person's lunch the next day.Delivery is fast too!
The food is reasonably priced - $13 prix fixe. It is a vegetarian restaurant though, and the menu is standard - everybody gets the exact same thing on their plate, there are no choices.  The banana lassi is good.  The food is honestly just so-so, I have had far better food in the neighborhood before, price is good if you are looking for a cheap meal though.
This place tastes like real food that's home cooked which is a great break from eating out some other places where things can be overly salted and not fresh.  I was surprised at how rich their daal was understanding that everything was vegetarian.  It's good try it.
This strict vegetarian place is basically Vatan on the Upper West Side without the faux Indian village decor and wine list.  The menu is fixed which could be very hit or miss.  This was completely not my scene at all (ultra casual with forced exotic music overhead) but I at least enjoyed the light fare the 2 times I visited.The waitresses are not friendly or welcoming, in fact, they look bored out of their minds but at $12 a person or whatever it is, you're not paying them to smile.  The ladies room was less than picture perfect but again, I guess you get what you pay for...
Ayurveda Cafe is kind of a special oasis.  The set menu is such a relief -  they'll always serve a generous selection of vegetarian dishes, which always comes very quickly, and it's such a time saver not having to wait to place an order, decide, etc.  The selections are always flavorful, the price is quite reasonable - especially at lunch ($9.95), and the atmosphere is peaceful.The bathroom, however, is one of the worst I have ever seen - a frightful mess of exposed wire, pipes, and insulation.  I do wish there were a "no cell phones" policy like at Ozu down the street, because in a quiet place like this, it is particularly annoying to listen to another customer telling their friend all about their stressful day at work, in their loud phone voice.
A good deal considering its price. I've been there twice for dinner and the total came to around $17 after tax. The food is nothing spectacular by any means since you get what you paid for, but it measures up to the Indian food standard.Like others have said, there is no menu to choose from other than the drinks. You can ask for more naan (bread) or rice for free if you need more to finish up the accompanied sauces. Tea refill is also free.I enjoyed the dinning experience here for its quietness and soothing background music. The only quirk about it was the fact that the owner (a grumpy middle aged Indian man) always sat at the corner and kept his eyes on everyone and his waitresses. During my second dinner there, he was actually lecturing the waitresses in front of everyone for a good 10mins...Would I go back again? Yes... It's cheap, it's delicious and it opens until 10:30pm.
BIg fan. I need discipline. Otherwise I am a naanivore that just keeps eating like a goldfish til i explode.   This place plates up your food for you, appropriate portions, and a beautifully balanced meal for 13 bucks.  You dont get to choose you just eat and trust and relish the spice profile, which on the night i was there was delicious and pungent and sweet and salty and crunchy and fresh.  And like i said before, I need discipline and pictures of kali the destroyer around me as a warning and someone's mama telling me what to eat and when. genius.
