Best Indian place on the island. Restaurant was clean, staff was friendly, and the food was great. I had the chicken tikka masala which was tasty and filling, would recommend.
If you're craving Indian food, this is the place to go. Beautiful restaurant, great service,clean nice decorations parking in the back, and you can till the food is fresh daily from the taste, I recommend who love Indian food go to Indian xpress
i am a HUGE fan of indian food and was pretty psyched to try this place out especially getting a good groupon deal. so ill try to be brief as much as possible.cons:1. difficult to find parking.2 (just to be sure), i always ask about the groupon deal. Lady was clueless about it.3. was very thirsty and it would have been nice if the fancy water glasses were filled upon arrival, never was... need i ask?4. asked waitress about particular items and she always had to go into kitchen to find out details. by the time we got to 3rd question, i opted to google for my answer.5. when we were nearing to decide on our order and asked her what came with that particular order, she said oh "were not serving any of those items thats on that part of the menu". (WHYYYY is it on the menu?? so that your customers can set their heart on something then... :::sigh:::*by now we were hoping to be picking on some naan bread which is always served moments upon arrival almost same time as water being poured into glasses.6. music went on (indian ofcourse, i think which is fine... when in rome.. but speakers were right above our head and it sounded busted, this is a little petty but just saying.7. lastly, when we informed waitress that we were ready to order, she said "ok." and as minutesssss passed, we kept wondering why she kept CONTINUING to answer calls (i guess take outs). and btw, my friend and i were the ONLY ONES in the resto! i understand there was only one worker to cater to us AND answer phones but someone should have stepped up... and this was dinner... after a long day at work.so, we just got up without a word and left.Pros:smelt like indian food and i was intrigued and anticipated for their food to be... good.I hope i can get a refund, other wise.. Oh Well.
This place serves fake indian food that tastes like garbage. They also use frozen vegetables in a variety of their dishes, which is ridiculous considering they have a large vegetarian menu. I would expect this from an ethnic restaurant in the middle of nowhere, but not from a place in such close proximity to the city. You're better off trying taste of india on new dorp lane or dosa garden on victory blvd. Both places have great dishes, but have totally different ambiences.
We have ordered here twice and the food was great. We ordered the chicken tikka masala and the chicken makhani both times and they were great (chicken was very tender and well marinaded). There was enough for left overs a day or two later and it was still very good. They always get the order right and they always give you a complementary pudding dessert and salad. If you're looking for some good Indian food for delivery, this is the place.
They took over Sahara X-press, on line they posted their address to be different from Sahara so when I called Sahara to make sure they're still in business they picked up the phone saying ' Indian x-press'. I asked if they took over Sahara they said, 'no this is Sahara xpress' I thought maybe I misheard them answering the phone and drove over there to get some food. When I get there sure enough it was Indian after asking the owner why he couldn't tell me that on the phone he continued to argue that they are still Sahara so I was like, 'oh then you can make me a gyro. He was like, 'no it's Indian food'. No sh*. Just the indecency rlly annoyed me. Why lie?!? Too bad, I like Indian food but because of the owner and his dishonesty I def won't be giving them a try.
Sunday... The day before we have to go back to being a slave to the man or whatever quip you want to use. I had a hankering for some Indian food so hey let's try a new place. Indian xpress. Interesting name. The gentleman who took my call for delivery was pleasant and even tried to up sell me on an app which I thought was great. I ended up getting the chicken nan and  the lamb tika misala the order came about 45 min after ordering which was fine the food was packaged really nicely although I wish I got more rice with my lamb. The lamb is amazing great flavor! The ban on the other hand has a weird taste to it I expected to taste the chicken tika in the nan but the flavor wasn't there. I loved the sauces included and I have to emphasize the care to with the food was packaged was great and so was the value of the food 28 bucks. Not too expensive not to cheap but you get what you pay for. I will definitely get down with the xpress again !!!
Good place. Delicious food, nice service. Had a quiet family dinner. Would recommend for a nice eating out. Casual, but quaint
After the restaurant renovation interior is small but modern and very cute. Indian food is very good, fresh. Service is very nice and owner is accommodating.
Craving Indian Food and a sweet authentic vibe this is the place.  Small, quaint and clean with a nice décor and polite service. The aromatic scents and delicious flavors come together in a special way in this hidden jewel on Hylan Blvd near VIP car rental and Met Food (Clove Rd). Try the orange and fig salad and all the traditional dishes, you can't go wrong.  As an added bonus chill while you dine to cool.....trance like Indian tunes.  I will be returning to try more dishes.
I am usually not a big fan of Indian food to be honest, but this place is fantastic .The sauces, the Masala tea and the samosas are delicious! We also had the rice pudding dessert and ordered  the ChickenTikka Masala another time and it was out of this world. Best Indian place I've had on the Island by far.
