Great food. Very fast delivery. We ordered the vindaloo and butter chicken with pilau rice. Easily enough for three people. The chicken biryani was also quite righteous.
Quick delivery! Ordered the chicken balti it was really good. The Chana masala was a little bland but we wasn't that bad. We would order. The lamb vindalo was as expected and tasted good.
Great! Love coming to Agra Taj Mahal after a happy hour cocktaill at Troost next door. Service is always quick and friendly. I especially love the veggie samosas, garlic naan, and veggie vindaloo (SPICY!). They also do very fast take out, and the prices are very reasonable. There's not a lot of great cheap food around this end of Greenpoint, so it's a very welcome addition to the neighborhood! Definitely recommended.
This unassuming little indian restaurant is a neighborhood gem. Friendly staff, good service, delicious food, fast delivery, decent prices, accepts credit cards. In other words, there's nothing to dislike here, and plenty to love.
Went for lunch special tomato soup tasted canned zero taste to the tikka masala and the waiter was so rude I asked for tea and he said you won't like it and gave me my bill. Terrible service food no music in shop worst vibe ever. First time I don't tip in nyc never again
I'm pretty happy with this Indian option in Greenpoint. The best Indian in the area for sure (not many options in the area). I've never eaten at the restaurant, so my review is only in regards to delivery.I've tried a variety of items on the menu now and most have been success meals. As a basic lunch, the chicken tikka masala is such a good choice, and the curry is topped with sliced almonds. And when I request it to be spicy, I can actually taste the added spice. Usually requesting a spicy curry comes mild at best. Not mind blowing Indian, but a good cheap option for the lunch rotation. Friendly, fast, awesome lunch deal, and tasty. All good in my book. 3.5
Was watching the excellent "Raja Rasoi Aur Anya Kahaniyan" Indian cuisine documentary series on Netflix, and was craving some good curry.  Had not been to this Greenpoint local restaurant but decided to try delivery.  The delivery time was very reasonable & the food was AMAZING.  You can taste the fresh ingredients in every bite.  I had the Sag Paneer, Aloo Matar Gobi, Raita, & Roti.  Delish!  Can't wait to dine in.  Also~ just discovered this is the SAME restaurant featured in Aziz Ansari's "Master of None" season 2 episode 7!  Yay!
Hey all Indian cuisine lovers! You must come here! Best Indian food i ever had. And trust me I had a lot. Good food, service, and prices. I wish I lived closer! 5 stars from me!!!!!!!
I have to agree with the general rating that this is above average, especially for the neighborhood.I go for the veggie options. I seriously like the pakoras here. They are crispy fried and chock full of plentiful strips of veggies.The chana shag (chick peas and spinach) is very tasty. I've had a couple of the mixed veggie curries and can't vouch as to which is better (I've forgotten the difference) but most recently I tried the sabzi jal frazie (mixed veg in jal frazie sauce - sort of reddish curry) was pretty tasty, although a bit more celery than I'd prefer.Prices are average and the decor is a decently nice sit-down place. At around 7 PM on a Friday it was pretty dead, but started picking up. They seem to do a good take out business. Good service!
The only Indian place in Greenpoint, does not disappoint. Get the peshwari naan for sure.  Vindalloo dishes are very tasty. As is the honey chicken. I've also had the saag paneer which was delightful. I have a feeling this is more authentic than most. Not too much butter or salt or spices. Service is top notch. Sweet guys.
Got take out...dude always asks if you want bread. It's iiiiight, a little pricy for the amount of food you get. Yo and no fork amdnapkins?!
The best Indian food in Brooklyn The chicken Vandaloo is very tasty and spicy the best !!! Service is quickly
Wowww, this place is DE-LICOUS. I'm visiting from San Diego, we were soo tired from walking around all day we ordered delivery.  Seriously best Indian Food I've ever had. We ordered Chicken Tiki, Sag Aloo, one other dish  (can't remember I didn't eat that one,) and Garlic Naan, all fresh,  tastey, lots of sauces provided. Thank you for a fantastic dinner,  and quick delivery.  If I ever visit Brooklyn again,  we will be back!
Tikka masala sauce is out of this world (and I'm Indian!) - Nice guys working here and great lunch special. I'll definitely be ordering delivery from here to Williamsburg. Best in north Brooklyn
The best Indian food you can order to be delivered to Williamsburg by VERY far!  The taste is consistently delicious and the staff is equally friendly.  Discovering this place in Greenpoint was a gift.  We order from here at least once per week now.  We typically order the vindaloo, which is spicy, so request changes if you can't handle spicy.  They also make brown rice which is a plus.  They are busy, so be prepared to wait up to 40 minutes, but plan ahead and you won't regret this choice!  I can't say enough good things about the taste of this food!
I'm a huge Indian food fan, this place is by no means good! However, I'm giving it 3 stars based on the lunch I've had at other Indian spots in the neighborhood- this place is definitely one of the better ones. I had the lunch special which was ok, and came at a good price. The chicken Vindaloo wasn't bad! I've had it a few times now. One night, I decided to be adventurous and go for the Lamb Dhansak (one of my favorite dishes) for dinner. It was terrible. The meat tasted old and rubbery, the dish was flavorless, and the texture was all wrong as they completely overcooked the chickpeas. Stick to the chicken vindaloo lunch specials, I'll stick to giving this place 3stars. (I'll disregard the Dhansak nightmare for now :)  Extra points for fast, friendly delivery still hot when it arrived at the door.
Just moved into the neighborhood and was stoked to have an Indian restaurant so close. Tried their lunch special and was very disappointed. The dishes were dirty, the food was really bland and they gave you tons of greasy rice but very little meat and even less sauce, the whole meal really left something to be desired, was not quality Indian food. Will not go back, if anybody knows a better Indian place in the area please let me know!
Good quality Indian food in the neighborhood. I wasn't sure how Greenpoint would handle Indian but I was really pleased with Agra.The restaurant is quiet but when we sat there about 25 Seamless orders came in. Despite the delivery business they make the effort of putting down white cloth tablecloths and wearing formal waiter-ware. I've always loved this about Indian restaurants.Prices at decent and portion sizes are good. They give papdum at the start of your meal. My chicken tikka masala was slightly different from what I'm used to but still very good. Chicken saag was also a winner. We've also ordered takeout from here and delivery is very prompt.
Me and my girlfriend spontaneously dropped in to this Indian restaurant. I must say, the food is very good and the prices are great. In addition, the staff is friendly and made sure we were taken care of. We were even offered additional food items on the house. This was a nice way to wind down on a Friday night. Mohammed (owner) is hands on and very gracious to have us as customers.
We saw great reviews for Agra Taj Mahal and needed some quick takeout, so we headed around the corner. We walked in to place our order--chicken masala and chicken vindaloo plus a side of garlic naan. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Our order was reading within fifteen minutes, and they threw in some complimentary rice pudding. Both entrees had great flavor and were just spicy enough. I had never tried Indian rice pudding before. It was awesome--just like regular rice pudding, but with lots of cinnamon! It is definitely a new favorite! I will definitely be back for Indian from Agra Taj Mahal!
I love this place. I was only gonna give it 4 stars at first, but then realized there's nothing negative you can say about this place - unless you're gonna nitpick about superficial stuff like the discount-bin decor or not having a sommelier in a suit slicing the corks off of champagne bottles. In this neighborhood, this restaurant is a great example of excellent quality, value, and taste.Good food, good service, fast delivery, expectations consistently met. I have no reservations about ordering from this place at least once a week or recommending them to you.
Came here for lunch. The food was very good.  We ate vegetarian food only which was very enjoyable.  We got the saag paneer, aloo gobi, vegetable curry.  The pakora was really good and different.  The samosa were ok.  In dessert the ras malai was very enjoyable. The lunch specials are very good.  The owner was very nice.
Not bad, but not great. Had the takeout lunch special. Would have been nice if they included utensils. Hard to eat soup without a spoon. Speaking of which, the soup was terrible. The chicken tikka masala was tasty, the rice was decent. The samosa was good as was the naan. I'll be back for lunch again sometime.
Chicken korma, chicken samosas, naan bread oh my! My go to Indian food place! Very consistent and delicious!
Pretty good! Ordered sag paneer, spinach with cheese, and it was creamy. I got moderate spiciness and it was as advertised.The naan was moist and fluffy, and wasn't hard even the next morning. (Interpret that how you will).They even brought out a piece of flaky bread for me while I waited to pick up my order.
My food was delivered in 20 minutes and very hot! Great and fast service. I got the assorted appetizer...everything was crispy and flavorful. My favorite item was the samosa. I had chicken tikka Briyani for my entree and it fulfilled my Indian home cooking craving!
First order was very good.  Chicken tikka masala sauce was nice, thick, and chunky.  The chicken tastes fresh too.  I love it when the sauce is thick with some chunky veggies n there!  Second up was the Vegetable Dahnsak.  They also nailed it here.  Same with the Ahloo naan-- nailed it.Something that can be a problem with other local Indian joints is they are too darn oily.  There can be an oil slick just sitting on top of the food.  NOT HERE!  So, first order was very good.  I have high hopes and decent standards, so here's hoping they pull through on my next take out orders!
We regularly order take-out from here and they are incredibly friendly, prompt, and consistent.It is nothing mind-blowing but is absolutely perfect for when you're looking for some good Indian comfort food - butter chicken and cheese naan are my favorites.
My husband and I love this place and have ordered from here regularly since we moved to Greenpoint. He likes the lamb rogan josh and I'm a fan of the chicken jal frazi and chicken bhona. Unfortunately, when we ordered delivery last night, l found a short black hair in my food halfway through the meal (definitely not mine). It's a shame because the food is delicious, but I'm not too sure about the hygienic practices in the kitchen. Would appreciate if the kitchen staff wore hairnets to prevent this sort of thing from happening in the future...
This place is fantastic! The samosas are really delicious, and their raita has more flavor than most places. Definitely the best Indian food in the area.Their delivery guys are really nice and always on time. Also, this place stays open late in a neighborhood where EVERYTHING closes early. Very necessary.
Horrible. They make everything in same curry. Whether vegetable or chicken or lamb or beef.
Good food. Hot. Fresh. Enough for two nights.We got Tandoori Chicken, it was delicious.Definitely ordering again.
These guys get only a single star from me because of their terrible customer service.  The food is actually pretty good, but time and time again I've asked for a simple plastic spoon and napkin to eat my food with.  Finally, despite the fact I've tipped every single other time, I say to them that I'm not tipping if you don't send me a plastic spoon and napkins and, once again, they don't send them to me.  Then, both the delivery guy and the manager have the balls to ask me why I didn't tip the delivery guy, I'm like, look on the F'in order sheet and you'll find out idiot.  Even more so, the idiots TOLD ME that I should tip the guy...it really pisses me off when people come to me expecting a tip despite giving terrible service.  So, basically, food is decent, customer service is terrible.  A final note is that out of my three orders they've been 10-20 minutes late on two of the orders, so delivery times of over an hour.
I like this place and I think they have tried to make their food better recently. We have been ordering Indian from this place ever since we moved to Greenpoint (about a year and a half ago). I know that doesn't sound like a very long time, but we love Indian food so we ended up ordering from this place quite a bit. At first, they seemed pretty average. The portion sizes were decent and the food wasn't bad at all, but it didn't quite measure up to Om on the upper east side. Just recently, we finally ate at the restaurant instead of ordering take out. There was a gap of time when we'd only order or go to Mahal Kita, as that's our favorite Indian place in the area. The waiters (owners?) were extremely nice and clearly put in effort to make sure we were happy and always had water. I appreciate always having water because although I like spicy food, I do not tolerate it well. Anyway, this was the first time we've eaten here again in a couple of months and it seems like they had a bit of an upgrade. I ordered the shrip saag and it came with jumbo shrimp. It was pretty awesome. All my friends that joined us that day (there were a total of seven of us) really enjoyed their meal. Prior to our trying this place for a second time, I would have given them 3 stars. However, I think they've been working on improving some aspects of their dishes so I think 4 stars is reasonable. The one complaint I have is the kabuuli naan. While the bread itself is delicious and fluffy, there is hardly any coconut, cashew, or raisin in it. I've been to places where their version of peshwari naan is basically loaded with this stuff and that's what I was expecting. Definitely no where near as terrible as Saffron Garden's version, but I'm still a bit disappointed. Overall, this place is worth trying.
Their lunch special is a solid price. You get naan with rice an appetizer and soup. Their tea was tasty, delivery was timely. I got lamb and it was good, I've had better but it was good. Slightly chewy. They are on seamless, wish they had more environmentally friendly packaging but beggars can't be choosers!
I didn't have the best experience with this restaurant. I ordered a chicken tikka masala and I got some vegetarian thing instead. I called him and told him that they had made a mistake but they told me that I was wrong and that the order was correct despite the fact that I had the food in front of me and my order up and I made no mistake on my end. Deeply disappointed that they acted that way. They then hung up and told me they were trying to figure it out. When I didn't hear back from them I called them again and then after some back and forth they said they would send my food. I'm still waiting on it as I write this. Please be careful when you use eat 24 to order from this place. They even gave me a choice of soups and I selected chicken but got mulligatawny instead. I don't know if they don't pay attention to their orders or if eat 24 just likes keeping listings of food that are no longer available. As far as the actual food is concerned, whatever I did get was good. I got a cheese poori which was yummy.
Love Agra. Cozy, good food, good service.
I live and die for good Indian food...and Agra Taj Mahal is excellent Indian food. I have ordered here a bunch of times and have loved all of the dishes I've ordered. Here's what I would recommend:APPETIZERS- Vegetable samosas- Vegetable pakora- Chicken tikka appetizer- Chana pooriBREADS- Cheese naan- Garlic naan - Aloo parathaMAINS- Channa saag- Chana masala-  Aloo Matar Gobi- Chicken Tikka Masala- Chicken Madras- Chicken BiyraniYou can't go wrong with any of the above. Those are my go to dishes at Agra.
I LOVE this restaurant!  I order delivery from here at least once every 2 weeks and am always impressed.  The food arrives quickly, hot, and is consistently delicious.I've also dined in a handful of times and the service is great.  It's by far the best Indian food in the neighborhood.
Best in the neighborhood for the quality across a wide variety of dishes, as well as reasonable price.  We order from them at least once a week.  Consistently good overall.
This was some of the tastiest Indian food I've had. I ordered the lamb vindaloo spicy and the assorted appetizers. It was a little pricy but it was worth it for the flavor. Plus, it was awesome to have it delivered for free at half past midnight. The delivery guy was really nice too and got our food to us way faster than we expected. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for tasty Indian food or anyone who wants to try Indian food for the first time. I'm going to make this place part of my regular stops the next time I'm in Brooklyn.
Super solid Indian food, speedy and exceedingly polite delivery, but frighteningly bad phone order manners. I recommend ordering online and bypassing all that mess. It's a valuable take-out/delivery option for those of us who yearn for Indian food regularly and realize how few viable options there are in Greenpoint/Williamsburg. Had: saag paneer, chana masala, naans.
My review is exclusively for the ras malai. TERRIBLE!!! Blaugh!! Cannot get this gross taste out of my mouth.
I've been ordering from here via Seamless ever since it opened, but finally got around to trying the dine-in service this past weekend. So glad I did!First off, I already knew the food was good. I've enjoyed everything I've ever ordered from here; samosas, lamb, veggie dishes, assorted naans. All good!The host/owner was super nice. He brought us complimentary soup (yummy tomato soup with spices) and complimentary rice pudding for dessert. The sauces and chutneys on the table were all tasty; I find those can be really hit or miss and Indian restaurants. Water was refilled promptly throughout the meal, which is super important on a hot July afternoon. The samosa we ordered were great as usual. We couldn't get enough of the mint sauce and onion chutney. And the garlic naan we got with our meals was fluffy and flavorful as well. I got a little confused with the dinner special I ordered. I thought it was a choice of entree, but it turns out it came with all three: lamb curry, chicken tikka masala AND some kind of sausage. Needless to say, I had enough leftovers for a whole other meal! All in all, the price is right, the service is great and the food is always tasty. I definitely recommend Agra Taj Mahal for dine-in and delivery.
Ordered takeout got 3 curries and 3 garlic naan. Food was 4 stars and everything was delicious however the cook screwed up our order and gave us the wrong dish. My friend was super disappointed and upset with what he got because he could not eat the curry he got. TLDR check the order before you leave because you don't want to get the wrong dish.
This was my go to Indian restaurant  - they have now twice delivered chicken incorrectly to a vegetarian home. The first time we were thoroughly poisoned before realizing the mistake. Two days of throwing up soured me on this place for a long time but they'd been good for years so  several months later I gave them another shot - and they delivered me chicken again - this time I checked before serving it, thank goodness. Last order ever - they've lost my business for good now.
We ate here when they first opened and thought it was good.  Then months later, on a holiday weekend when other stuff was closed we went back and it was great!They were very busy with phone orders, which the manager apologized for, but the food was fantastic, and once he took our order the food came out really quickly.I can't remember what we ordered but we both said: Wow, this place has gotten much better. It's a clean restaurant to eat in too.
All uninspiring... Vegetable Kurma, Chicken Tikka Makhuni, Malai Kofta
Great food , fast delivery , very good prices, good for both Carnivora and vegetarians Two thumbs up
I was craving some wonderful Indian food, and Agra Taj Mahal delivered! The setting was original and cozy. The owner/host was incredibly kind, and gave us complimentary soup and rice pudding dessert. He was full of helpful suggestions, and I was able to try new things I never would have found on my own. The water was refilled throughout the meal in a prompt fashion and dishes were cleared away in a timely manner. The food... was Spectacular. The Chicken Tikka Masala hit the spot and the garlic naan paired perfectly. The chutneys supplied at the table were amazing. I could not stop eating the onion chutney! Everything I ate at this establishment was on point and I left feeling happy and content. All in all, I had a wonderful experience at the Agra Taj Mahal, and I will be dreaming of it from Upstate New York.
Just ordered delivery today. I ordered 2 meals both sucked. Salmon tikka masala (wayyy too oily) and some chicken dish (toooo much cinnamon). ONE WORD. GROSS! never again.
I love this place!  This is my go-to Indian spot for very important reasons: great tasting food, very quick and friendly service, inexpensive menu options, and location. I usually order the saag paneer or chicken tikka masala, but I'm positive that just as these two items are delicious, so is everything else on the menu. I love the crispy starter bread/crackers they give you with sauces before the meal. The naans are made to perfection too. The place is quite small, but you never feel cramped or hovered over. It's cute and perfect. I'll keep coming back for more.
This place has great food.. I'm from London so am pretty familiar with Indian 'take out'. I'm not sure why it only has 31/2 stars so am reviewing as I think it's not representative of the quality. Maybe it's the ambiance :/ not sure as I only order in. If you're Looking for Indian food in the neighborhood, I highly recommend  it.
I went here for an early saturday night dinner. My wife has a shop around the corner and after a quick yelp search I noticed this place. I mentioned it to my wife and she thought I was insane because "there are no indian restuarants within walking distance". Well it turns out it was there and the food was delicious. I understand why she said it didn't exist though because when we walked over the place doesn't really "stand out". With that said, that was the only problem we encountered. We walked in and were promptly greeted and seated. The waiter (I am fairly certain he was the owner) came over and asked us if we wanted a drink. I was in the mood for some indian spiced tea but my wife was looking for regular unsweetened tea. The owner apologized as he didn't have any iced tea but suggested she get a spiced tea like me. My wife doesn't always like spiced teas so she just said she would share with me. The owner brought over two teas for us (he didn't charge her for hers). I have to say the tea was one of the best spiced versions I have ever had. I complemented the owner on the tea and he went through all the ingredients and procedures he uses to make it. You could tell he takes great pride in the quality. We then ordered a shared app (Chana Poori)which came out insanely fast. I am relatively new to indian food and this was the first time I have ever had this particular dish and I must say it was very good. For entrees we went with a buttered chicken and lamb vindaloo. Her butter chicken was very good (although she likes hers a bit more creamy- more orange in color due to higher butter ratio vs this version which was red in color and not as creamy). My vindaloo was spicy, the lamb tender and cooked to perfection. I must say this place is very generous with the portions. The food server even commented that thy would gladly bring out another bowl of rice if we desired. We only ate half of the bowl they brought so an additional bowl would have been wasteful. The decor is ho hum but the friendly staff more than make up for the shortcoming. If I lived in the vicinity I could foresee ordering a lot of take out from this place. The food was spot on, the prices are so low you almost think there is a typo and the service was great.
I love love love this place!  The staff here is kind, the food is great and I love how it has become my neighborhood go-to place for Indian food.  On a regular, I usually order the Aloo Matar Gobi, which is potatoes, green peas and cauliflower and I love eating this with their flavorful rice.  I'm not really a Chicken Tikka Masala person, but it's still a delicious dish here. When I'm in the mood, I will order the Garlic Nan, but the other breads are just as delicious, like Paratha and Roti bread.  For appetizers, I enjoy their veggie Samosas. They are charming, the food is good and the mango lassi is also a favorite of mine and feels like a treat.  A must-be favorite neighborhood special.
I don't have any complains about food..It tastes delicious and the delivery was fast than expected.. However, I am disappointed as there are no utensils nor napkins.. If I ordered from home, it wouldn't have been a problem.. Also, I ordered Indian tea with special instructions to have sugar on the side..and again no sugar!! This is indeed a height of carelessness..:(  I will never order from this place again..
I love Indian Food, Agra Taj Mahal leaves me wishing someone would open a decent Indian restaurant in Greenpoint.The butter chicken, chicken vindaloo, and chicken korma were all flavorless. The sauces all taste like they come from the same bucket.The Chana Masala was almost completely unseasoned. It was basically chick peas with a thin tomato sauce and had a metallic taste, like canned beans.I also tried the appetizer platter which was overall very disappointing, everything was very dry and lacked any real flavor.The rice is not very good, and even the sauce and Onion chutney that they include with everything lacks substance. The tamarind sauce is watery and has little flavor.The restaurant itself is not very inviting. The interior is unadorned and loud even when empty. It has the feel of a 1980's chinese takeout. The exterior is sided with diamond plate steel, like the side of a hot truck.Overall the highly Americanized and watered down approximations of Indian dishes are kind of insulting both to me as a consumer and to Indian culture.
My favorite Indian food in Brooklyn area, the consistency is amazing, the food is really cheap specially there lunch special... I eat there once a week - love it !
I'm a big fan of this place. Hands down one of the best lunch special's in Greenpoint, maybe even the whole city for that matter. For under Ten bucks, I got soup, a samosa(meat or veggie filled pastry), any curry dish on the menu, a side of rice, and naan(Indian flatbread). The service is very prompt and always ready to refill your water. Definitely not great quality indian food, but there is no reason to speak ill of this place when you get thanksgiving dinner (lunch only) for $8-10.
Great food.  Piping hot (even the naan) when it arrived--appropriate to my spice preference.  The chicken was tender--the lamb was tasty (just wished a piece or two more).  This is my second time ordering from here and even tho- I do not like rice, the fragrant smell from the jasmine as I open the bag is delightful. By the way, your delivery is fast and your delivery staff has been great.
Coming from London I'm used to, and am a fan of, good Indian food. I'm also cognizant of the fact that it's very hard to find good Indian food Stateside and so I was interested, but not getting my hopes up, when I saw that this place had recently opened in my neighbourhood.Last night I ordered the chicken vindaloo. Now when I order a vindaloo I expect to have to put the toilet paper in the fridge for a couple of hours beforehand, I expect to be sweating by the third bite and I expect to be in hot, hot heaven as my saliva glands attempt to extinguish the rampant flames of that fiery goodness.What I got was pretty much a flavourless korma. Rubbish.UPDATE: 6/19/2013I really wanted to like this place because it is so convenient and I love Indian food and so I went there again last night. Thinking that maybe I walked out with someone else's meal the last time I ordered the chicken vindallo extra spicy and guess what? I got another reconstituted korma. Putting a bit of extra heat in a korma and selling it as a vindaloo is extrememly patronizing to customers.
I am regular customer, and love this placeQuick delivery, great food.   Usually get the sag paneer, or chicken tikka.   Both are great.  Perfect for what it is and a dependable neighborhood spot for good food.   Thanks!
So. Freaking. Delicious. Everything, seriously. Not only is the food so well prepared, but the ingredients are obviously high quality. Service is polite, prompt and courteous. Atmosphere is warm and welcoming. Will definitely be back!
I'm ecstatic that Greenpoint finally has a decent Indian restaurant!Initially, I was not very impressed with their food (opening week), but I decided to give it a try a couple of weeks later and have been impressed since.  Word of advice - stick to the veggie dishes - they are all superb and if you like your food spicy, make sure you ask them to make it to your tastes or add a side of lemon/mango pickle to your order.  Their chicken can be a bit hit-or-miss - I've had amazing chicken dishes one night and the next week, it was quite rubbery.I highly recommend the saag paneer, paneer tikka masala, bhindi masala (okra), and malai kofta.Apparently they also have a great lunch special for $7.50 that my parents (they are originally from India) tried out while visiting - and they loved it!
I live 4 blocks away from this new Greenpoint Indian spot, and it's not going to be good for my waist line! We have had a real indian food drought for some time on my end of Manhattan Ave and this place hits the spot!Lunch special- for $7.99 I got a delicious cup of mulagatawny soup, piping hot samosa that was so flaky it was almost doughy- in a good way, huge order of naan bread, and chicken vindaloo and rice which was a big portion for lunch. And for $7.99!?! The chicken was tender and the spice level was just what i wanted, not mild but not toooo hot.The service was amazing, water was continually refilled but they didn't hover over me. All in all , A+. I wil be going back this week for dinner, and I expect the quality and service to sustain. They set the bar high and I can't wait to see how things go.
As a fan of Indian food I am hard to be impressed, and even more because I used to work in India so I know how to tell between clean, fresh, authentic Indian food to the not so quality Indian that unfortunately is out there...Agra Taj Mahal is outstanding clean, tasty, and nice...The service is professional, respectful and fast.The dishes are being cooked on the spot. Great chef, great atmosphere, reasonable affordable prices....Recommend from the bottom of my heart to go and try...10 min. From the midtown east , is the home of the best Indian secret in the area...Had many dishes there which all are good - loved the butter chicken, the chicken tikka masala, and the cheese nan .Love them, Alex
Very good and affordable Indian food a block from my home = I'll be coming here a lot. Lunch special is huge and only 8 bucks!Im a vegan and their menu has tons of vegan options. I loved everything so far, except for a garden salad, which they didnt know how to make :) their rice is also a little mushy, but still tasty.Oh, and they delivered our dinner today in like 20 min. Awesome!One thing though: their attitudecould be better. Waiters are slow and seem to not care, delivery guy didnt speak english and didnt say a word. Perhaps they should hire some new guys?
Super stoked to have Indian food in the hood. Service was excellent, prices were reasonable, and the food was good. The rice was fantastic, my vegetable vindaloo was a bit under seasoned, but the other dishes were fine.This would have been a 3 star review, but the vegetable Samosa was one of the best Samosas I've ever had. Unreal! They are still new, so hopefully the can iron out some of the kinks, but I will be returning soon for sure.
So good! My friend and I walked in here craving indian food, and were treated to the best customer service and food that we could hope for! The owner personally took our order, and recommended a dish to me when I seemed undecided. Delicious, great portions, I was excited to take it home with me to experience the flavor again!
Sadly its hard to get a good Indian takeaway in this area. But this was ok. Ideal for a Friday or sunday lazy evening.
Wow, actually an Indian restaurant in Brooklyn that doesn't disappoint. This place is pretty good and I'm a tough critic for Indian cuisine. Samosa and saag were excellent. The Vindaloo and Massala were thick and spicy, not that watery ketchup nonsense most places try to pass. Only downside was that the naan was not particularly great...tasted like bisquik--didn't have enough love. All in all, good food though.
For me, this place wasn't really all that great. I'm a huge chicken tikka masala enthusiast, and try to order it whenever I can. It really disappointed me.  It tasted like a can of tomato sauce over rice and chicken, with hardly any Indian flavors running throughout. I know most Indian restaurants tame down their spice level for Americans, but this had very little flavor at all.  Just moved to the neighborhood and wanted to find an Indian place to order from, as I ordered Indian delivery at least once a week from my old neighborhood, but sadly I'll be skipping this place in the future. Oh well, on to the next...
So fu@&ing good !! Good bye E6th street . Amazing food and awesome owner so passionate . I will be back.
Had take out from this Greenpoint indian restaurant yesrerday. It was very quick, fairly priced and delicious. We had samosas, naan bread, lamb curry and sag paneer. We do recommend it!
The last time (and it will be the last time) I ordered from them I requested lamb and got chicken.  Come on, people: four legs good, two legs bad.  It isn't that hard.
The food was ok. Not what I was expecting. The butter chicken was way to sweet. Definitely not the way I'm used to eating it with a more savory and butter flavor. The samosa was good though as well as the naan. Don't think I'll be ordering again from here though.
Delicious, auntie-made-it-at-home-feelin' authentic Indian. Such a gem in this neighborhood where it seems my husband is the only brown person for miles here. We've come here several times and never been dissappointed -- the lunch special is hard to beat! Make sure you order the malai kofta, the fresh coconut sauce is to die for. The owner and staff are wonderful and generous. We came nearly every other day when our stove broke down and they sent us home with extra food and free dessert each night. Lovely place. Enjoy!
Delicious food in good portions at a reasonable price, and the staff was very friendly.  The restaurant had a great vibe when we went on a Friday night - casual and relaxed, but upbeat and lively too.  They even tossed us a free rice pudding on our way out after we had a great conversation together!  Will definitely be back.
Excellent restaurant.  5th time customer.  Each time just as good as the first.Everything is fresh and service is great.  Simple storefront dine in or delivery/take out options.  Affordable.  Ex lunch deals.  Quality.Veggie special for two is unbeatable.  Two curries, samosas, rice, soups, papadam, puri, and the condiments. I've tried many places in town, queens, bk, Manhattan, agra taj is simply the reigning champ thus far.
I love this place.  I ordered from here almost every day this winter. Eggplant dish is great.  Spicy vindaloos.  Lamb balti is delicious.  Better than I've been able to find elsewhere.
Great food, service, portions and price. Will definitely be back!
Great atmosphere, delicious food and very attentive service. I can't recall the exact names of what I ate but there was a chicken dish, a lamb dish and a spinach dish. I think there was one more but it was one of those nights where you are just very hungry and need food! Oh and Naan bread.. def had the bread also. I love all Indian food so for me this place was on point. .. the right flavors and excellent service. I will def be going back here.. it's my new favorite spot! Oh and we paid about $60 for four dishes, one drink and one dessert... need i say more?
saw one of their cooks take trash out of his pocket and chuck it in front of this restaurant, on the ground.  this deep respect for their sidewalk-first-impressions is a brilliant marketing tactic to attract potential customers. I opt out.
I ordered delivery... aloo sag, lamb vindaloo, regular naan, and garlic naan. The aloo sag was just ok, but the lamb vidaloo was very flavorful. I was looking forward to having leftovers for my busy upcoming week.BUT THEN I started to feel queasy a few hours later. Annnnnd then my stomach started killing me. I thought maybe it was something else, so I'm a genius and ate some leftovers the next day and same thing! So needless to say, all of that food is now in my trash and I wasted $30. Not a happy customer.
My first time ordering Indian food! Me and my boyfriend decided to try it out because it opened up just two blocks up and we were getting tired of the same ol' Chinese and Pizza take out. We ordered to go and I must say it was a good first experience for Indian food as well as the restaurant. When I ordered the girl on the phone told me that it will be ready in 15 minutes. After 20 minutes I walked in and the order was not ready. When she pulled my receipt for our order I saw that there were several phone orders (either ahead or behind. I wasn't sure). I think I waited about 10 minutes inside the restaurant so total wait time for food was roughly 30 minutes. After knowing how busy they were. I decided to calm down and wait it out. A server offered me a seat at one of the tables and served me water until my order was ready. Very nice service for not eating in. When my order was ready they apologized for the wait and sent me on my way. When I got home I was pleasantly surprised. We ordered the Vegetable and the Chicken tikka masala, an order of Samosas and Nan Bread. (The top choices for newbies).  I must say I had a very good first time with Indian food. Either they are a good restaurant or Indian food is not hard to mess up. Either way I had a good experience. The only recommendation would say for the restaurant would be to give a more realistic time that food will be ready. As a new restaurant it's safe to say that the wait for take out would be around 30-45 minutes since it is still working the kinks out. Other than that, great choice for trying something new!
My boyfriend and I checked this place out on its opening night (tonight). We live in northern Greenpoint, and were excited when we discovered there would finally be an Indian restaurant in the area.Well, I'm happy to report that we weren't disappointed! The service was friendly and efficient, and our food arrived quickly. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (my go-to standard Indian fare) and my boyfriend had Lamb Rogan Josh. Both were tasty, as was the garlic naan. Neither dish was extremely spicy, but you can probably order it to your liking. We both enjoy spicy food, so we might ask for a little extra heat next time. Both dishes were a little oily, but I didn't really mind--I expect some grease in my inexpensive Indian food.  We ordered Kulfi for desert, but the waiter apologetically reported that they didn't have it yet, so he gave us mango ice-cream for free. Not a problem, since the mango ice-cream was pretty delicious. Very nice place. I highly recommend checking it out, especially if you're a fan of Indian food and you live in the area. They also deliver for free, and are on Seamless.
Cannot understand the glowing reviews for this place. All around poorly prepared food, extremely bland, rubbery tandoori chicken and a spiceless, leathery lamb vindaloo. Maybe the only Indian eatery where they messed up the rice (mushy) and naan (undercooked.). Samosas were the best, bet they weren't even made there.  How can you care about huge serving portions when the quality is crap?
As a hardcore eater of indian food - this place was amazing and by far the best in the Greenpoint/Williamsburg area. The Chicken Korma was very good, large pieces of well-cut white meat, consistency was perfect (not soupy or pasty), and very flavorful. Rice was cooked to perfection (bonus points for not drying out overnight). The Tikka Masala was equally as good. No complaints.
Why does their chicken tikka masala taste like Italian food? Seriously I feel like I'm eating spaghetti right now. The sauce taste like tomato sauce not Indian curry. I mean it doesn't taste bad, it just isn't what I had in mind.
Very good Indian food.  Went here with the wife and had some Sag Paneer (which I had previously seen called Palak Paneer, not sure what the difference is) and vegetable Kurma, both very fresh and tasty, with thicker sauce than what I see at most places--the menu says the spinach is fresh and I know I have definitely had canned spinach at many places so this was a huge plus.  The basmati rice is amazing; they offer brown rice and we tried both but the basmati rice is so good I would recommend just going with that.We also had the okra side, which was nice in that the okra was more firm than most recipes I've tried, and not gooey.  Also had to get a chicken dish to test that out, ordered the tikka appetizer.  It was tasty but a little dry, and came with kind of a lame salad on the side.  Garlic naan was awesome; fluffy and delicious.
Absolutely delicious!  Great vegetarian options for appetizers and entrees! I've dined in and I've ordered take out, great both times! Very well priced.
Totally, *totally* good baingan bharta. So good, in fact, that though I'm a relatively adventurous eater usually, when I went back to the restaurant a second time for take-out, I ordered the baingan bharta again.Friendly service, open late, excellent portions for the price, and just really, really good. Many thumbs up.
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood. The food is delicious delivered or seated at the restaurant. i rock out an Aloo Paratha and Chicken Vindaloo. the veggie dishes are good too when I am not feeling too carnivorous. They really hook you up..as the good book said..tip your waiter well.
I have only good words, delicious, cheap, good service, unbelievable lunch deal!
Pretty good Chicken Tikka Masala.  Good service.
Our neighborhood has been in need of this for years!Delicious. Flavorful, Meaty, appropriately spicy & hearty handmade naan.
We have been waiting for this place to open for what seems like 8 months an and finally Went here opening night.  Great service, they do not have a liquor license yet so our waiter said we could byob. Part of me hopes it stays this way as it made our bill very affordable. Samosa was delicious as was the vegetable vindaloo. My husband had the butter chicken and said it was great. I'm hoping the fish dishes are good- will try next time! Plus thy deliver.
just had a paneer tika masala and cheese naan. absolutely delicious, fresh, the cheese naan was fluffy and soft and perfectly warm. love it and cant wait to try some other dishes.
The food was amazing - fresh and delicious. Service was prompt. The sweet lassi was not too great. We had the chicken saag. One suggestion:- there are loads of spelling mistakes in the menu. I guess it's just to give you a good laugh before eating!
Very bland chicken tikka masala, underseasoned and kind of sweet.  Another terrible indian place in greenpoint.  I'm losing hope that any decent indian will deliver to us...
I eat Indian food all the time.  I am married to an Indian person and get to eat his mother's home cooked food too. This is BY FAR the worst Indian food I have ever eaten. None of the dishes we ordered were edible and, despite being a vegetarian meal, all of them tasted like meat. The Bhindi Masala was coated in a terrible tomato paste and was inedible. The Raita was sweet.  Like bad deli coleslaw. The samosa was way too greasy and the chutney was essentially colored water.  Disgusting. Just disgusting. We literally are going to throw all of our food away, which is a shame because it cost $60 and we hate to waste.  This place is actually terrible, unless you know nothing about Indian food, in which case you might be able to make it through a meal.
Uh, they still have not improved. I guess they don't read these reviews. I was desperately hoping they would improve, as I love Indian food. I am really confused about these five stars people are giving this place. Had Indian food before?
I like good Indian food and hate bad Indian food, and what Agra Taj Mahal cooks, I love.  A great atmosphere, exemplary service, great prices, and outstanding food. Not an Edison bulb in sight, but it feels special, and it feels like home.
After recently returning from India, we'd been on a search to find good Indian food in the hood. Our original plan was to hit Cafecita next door but something about Agra called us in instead and we werent disappointed. We ordered a couple things (all solid 4 stars) but my favorite was the Shrimp Tandoori while my boyfriend loved the Lamb Matar. 1 samosa, 2 salads and 3 entrees later we left satisfied with the food, service and low price.  We'll definitely be returning!
Just like the rest I was pumped to have Indian in North Greenpoint.   I had Chicken Vindaloo it wasnt at all spicey and lacked in seasoning over all. The same goes for the chana masala very bland. Williamsburg/Greenpoint doesnt really doesn't have any good Indian restaurants but for a quick fix for decent Indian there are other places I would go first. Might try again after they have been open for a few months see if it gets any better. Hopefully they are reading this. LIMIT THE MENU TOO MANY ITEMS. SEASON APPROPRIATELY. PS:  some of these post are definitely fake.
please, i want you to be good. please listen.- tikka masala is flavorless. americans can handle spice. and stop using so much ghee!- the samosa were like bricks. please make by hand. - the poori was the worst i've ever had.everyone seems nice at the restaurant, and i want you to succeed. this neighborhood wants you to succeed. please listen.
5 stars because there is finally great Indian food in Greenpoint - I've been waiting 15 years to be able to order good Indian takeout, and this isn't just good, it's pretty great! I've had better, but not without trekking to Jackson Heights or into Manhattan and paying three times the price. I do recommend asking for your dished medium-hot as their base spice level is too low, I'm not sure if they are afraid of wimpy American palates or what, but everything needs a little more kick...
This new Indian place in Greenpoint is a great addition to the neighborhood. The vegetarian dishes are fantastic. Try the navratan korma (spelling?). You won't be sorry. If you're looking for great Indian food that won't break the bank, check this place out.
Amazing chicken tikka and service. Loved it! Would definitely order from here again. They have some authentic food and I am Indian so I was very impressed.
as fan of a indian food lover , i'm very happy that they opened up a new indian resturant right next to my block , foods are very delicious and  full of flavors , i've had the tandoori dinner it was served hot and right out the oven . cant complain about the serivice , one of the emloyee name 'shoroff ' he's very nice and very respectul to the customers knows how to make customers happy . this is itt i think ........ hurry what are you people waitng for !!!!!!!
I was very excited to check out this place since Greenpoint severely lacks any other Indian restaurants but I was a bit disappointed overall. Here is what I found praiseworthy: service is great with attentive waiters that refill your waterglass very regularly, decor is on the fancier side with colors that are vibrant, portions are generous, prices are very reasonable, very large menu with plenty of options for both meat lovers and vegetarians/vegans. The biggest (and most significant) pitfall of this restaurant is that the food is SO BLAND. Everything tastes a bajillion times better once you sprinkle quite a bit of salt on top but I just find it strange that every item I have tried just has so little of it when it arrives on the table. If there is anything that Indian food is known for, it is FLAVOR so it's strange that this place lacks it on such a large level. I'm going to go back a few more times just to try a few more items but I will give up and stick to going some place further out and tastier if every single thing I try continues to taste so bland. Sigh, I'm sad :(.
